The padlock gave easily, and blowing the door was scarcely harder. With luck, the bunker's thick concrete walls would muffle the sound of the small explosions.
, he told himself.
She remembered the way the air around Sin had rippled and distorted, the white glow of her eyes, and the otherworldly voice that had made her ears ache, and shuddered.  Maybe there hadn’t been.
Someone was clearly going to be sleeping on the couch tonight. Hank himself would probably get his share of her wrath later, since he was the one who had refused to let her come; Tony hadn't needed any extra people to stare at him. He still didn't.
"You won't," Tony told him. It was lousy as far as reassurances went, because he had no way of knowing that for certain, but Hank had been stable for over a year, longer than Tony had been sober. And even if he had still been a manic, paranoid mess, they would still have needed him in the event that they ended up facing down Chthon.
She knew her reaction to him in the hospital had hurt him, but she didn't know how to apologize for that without hurting him more in the process.
Peter couldn't really think of anything to say to that. All of the various Avengers and former Avengers he'd been thrown in amongst over the course of the past year had years of history together that he was only peripherally involved in, and often not even really aware of.
They were silent for a moment, while the cat prowled around the room, tail and fur still twitching.  The he froze, crouched low, wriggled his entire little orange body, and launched himself at Sam's foot.
"Tony took a nasty hit from one of Doom's weapons," Don went on, "but he was awake and recovering when I left."  Talking wasn't much of a distraction from the way his leg felt, but it was better than nothing.  "Doom escaped with the book, but you probably already know that."
From Jan’s expression, she had already heard this explanation, and didn’t like it any better the second time around.  Even scaled down, her face was eloquent.
Matt grabbed at him abruptly, his hands pulling on Strange's arms and disrupting the building forces of the spell. "You're bleeding. Hold still and let me see where you're hurt." He began patting down Strange's arms, his torso, ignoring his attempt to pull away – and then his hands brushed against the knife handle.
"Iron Man."  Thor greeted him without inflection.  He nodded toward the closed door to the lab that held the containment vault.  "There are at least four imitations of Doom in yon chamber, perhaps more.  I cannot tell which is truly him, if any."  Mjolnir smacked solidly against the palm of his left hand, once, then twice.  "They shall not obtain what they seek."
"Since when do you live in Brooklyn?" Tony asked. His voice sounded… odd. As if he were slightly uncomfortable.
Sam shook his head.  “He’s just scared.  All the fireworks were a little much for him.”
"You're quoting Nick."
Behind Loki, some of the businessmen were creeping silently toward the door. One woman had slipped off her high heeled shoes and clutched them in one hand, walking in her stocking feet to keep from making any noise. If they could keep Loki distracted for a few minutes longer, they would have significantly fewer potential hostages to worry about.
"You were an even bigger challenge than Ultron," Hank said, the words feeling as if they came from someone else. "You know that? No one's ever perfected the cloning of superpowered non-humans outside of Dr. Essex's labs." His voice was too loud, too fast, the hot, edgy emotion in his chest making him feel sick, choking him. "We fucked up. It was too complicated for us, and we were in over our heads. Even Reed."
Clint cringed visibly, his shoulders hunching up. "Thank you for that. God, Chthon could have made me date rape her again if I'd gone back to get her. I hadn't thought of it that way."
“Don’t look so sad, Witchie,” he told her.  “We won, remember?”
"Stop it," he snapped, trying to jerk his chin free from her grip.  Her fingers tightened to the point of pain, and he forced himself to hold still.  "We both know you're not attracted to me or Thor."  The sexual harassment disturbed his other self enough that Don felt his own skin crawl at her touch.  The dark hair that brushed his face could almost have been Sif's, if it hadn't smelled of dank caves and woodsmoke.  "What do you want, Loki?"
"Only if you're an actor," Wanda responded, without looking up. "And anyway, bad luck is my specialty." After a moment, she added, "The witches are the best part. They control or manipulate almost everything that happens in the play."
Agatha shook her head grimly. It still seemed like her, Wanda thought, not like a puppet animated by Chthon's power, but like Agatha.
If the Red Skull had passed the knowledge down to his daughter, and if it were actually useful and not just another Nazi hoax dreamed up by men obsessed with the supernatural...  "It would explain why Doom was willing to work with Red Skull's daughter," Tony said.  "And why Sin has it in for Fury.  It's obvious why she wants to kill you two so badly."
"I know you don't care what other people think. You fell in love with a woman, not a man. You didn't sign up for-"
The sudden spike of tension vanished. Tony leaned back on his elbows, as if sitting upright were too much effort at this point, and said, thoughtfully. "I've never been on the cover of Maxim magazine. I've been on the cover of GQ, though."
"I don't think you would on purpose," she said, holding up a hand, "but, I mean, you come back from the dead, and suddenly you're bisexual? I know Tony can't have been in good shape when you came back; he was in bad shape even before. I saw what it did to him to fight you. You're probably pretty mixed up right now, and I'm sure he threw himself at you, and... Look, the last thing Tony needs at this point is for another relationship to crash and burn."
She'd gone to him for protection, expecting him to wave a hand and solve all her problems, secure in the knowledge that the Sorcerer Supreme was the one person she wouldn't endanger with her presence. She should have known better.
"I'll walk you there," MJ said. She slipped one hand around his arm, and fell into step beside him. "Then I'll go tell May where you are."
She was staring at him, Hank realized. It took effort to make himself met her eyes. The fact that she was even willing to be in the same room with him was more than he had any right to expect.
The cottage was drab inside, bland cream walls undecorated. Somehow, it didn't look like the kind of place she would live in; there ought to have been... more color?
"I wasn't sure the four of you would be able to get all the bombs defused in time," he admitted. "I should have known better than to worry."
When it came to losing control over your own body, being magically transformed into the opposite gender had to rank pretty high up there. Maybe that was why Tony was so bothered by the ridiculous idea that no one wanted him anymore, or that only the 'wrong' people did - Tony had always been able to seduce people, to charm them, before, but it was clearly important to him to be able to control that attention, to get it only from the people he wanted it from. Sex in this new body would have been some kind of re-affirmation of control, Steve guessed, but only if it was sex Tony deliberately sought out.
The metal bent and crumpled, creating an inch-wide gap, and the two of them attacked it together, Steve holding Tony flat to the floor while Thor ripped the crumpled piece of metal off.
If he only knew why Tony had gone so far over the edge, he might feel better about it, might be able to understand, but he wasn't sure that even Tony knew.
The word rumbled in his head.
Tony arched an eyebrow.  "I thought you liked rumpled dress shirts with oil stains on them."
Enough. Thor stepped to the side, pulling his reflection away from hers, and forced himself not to rub at his ear. Loki had bedded everything from giantesses to stallions in order to further her ends, he reminded himself. She was not truly interested in him, not in that way. Not like Amora. "Your friendship comes at too high a cost, stepbrother."
"If that's what you want, I'm good," Steve said, though every word cost him. "It needn't change anything else."
Tony shrugged. "They'll do what I say. I own an absolute majority of voting shares."
"Jarvis! What happened to the display?" he demanded, praying that there would be an answer.
He could hear Steve chiding him that they needed a plan before action – and that to make a plan you needed intelligence.
There was a flutter of wings. Jan appeared, full sized, in front of him, and he could not tell if her face was running with rain or tears. A small hand fell on the armour's arm. "Oh, Tony, I'm sorry. We all liked him so much. The Hulk?"
"Thank you. Thank you. I didn't expect you to build them. I... uh... I'll just go and check them out." Hank was moving reasonably slowly as he started for the door, but by the time he reached it he was running.
"Borrowed the bike in your garage," Clint said. "Some hog."
It hurt, but the pain was bearable.
"Stark had one of your weapons," White Wolf said slowly, "but, luckily, it didn't fire." There was a suspicious note in his voice that cheered Tony. "On the other hand, T'Challa and Stark were heading in the general direction of the loading bay, not away from it."
"Of course I'm staring. Bruce never said he'd been engaged to a reincarnation of Helen of Troy. And forgive me, Dr Ross, but I'm damn sure you're used to that reaction."
Tony doubted that. Which meant that they probably had other methods of keeping track of him and his tech. However, if Jarvis thought this incursion merited his attention it could not be one of the professional and amateur hackers continually hammering (pun intended) at his electronic doors.
His fingers found the icons by instinct, but the text just wavered and refused to come into focus.
"Well, fuck it, I guess that proves it," Iron Man said.
Tony's eyes narrowed. "It's not decaf, is it?"
No use putting it off, though.
Tony saw Steve wince and rushed to his defence. "You can't be sure. He's lost his memory—"
"So how did she know?" Tony demanded of the room in general. "Who would tell her? And why?
Hiding his fond smile, Steve followed, bringing up the rear as T'Challa led the way into the rain forest.
, Steve decided, even as he jinked sharply to the right.
"I'm the one owed an explanation, Rogers," Iron Man snarled right back, the metal sliding away to reveal Tony Stark's flushed and angry face. "I'm not the one who fled from the Tower without so much as a thank you."
What Cap said was, "I told you having me here was dangerous."
"Thanks." The water was balm to his throat. He knew better than to gulp it down, but the temptation was strong.
"What about Cap?"
The voice was familiar, firm and carrying. "Sir, there is a message for you."
"Stark, if I might request a private word," T'Challa said.
It looked almost like the remains of an Extremis cocoon.
Not far from the road they arrived at a white-painted ranch house with barns surrounding it. Horses grazed in the paddocks, and a trio of ponies peered over the rails of a corral.
Steve's expression sympathetic, but Tony just knew it masked scepticism. "Don't worry," he said. "I won't press. But if you need a sympathetic ear... well, if you don't trust me – or you think I'm too young and inexperienced – there's always Bruce.
That silence seemed to confirm Pepper's suspicions. "You have no damn right to block my calls!"
The building trembled and the white flash of repulsors lit the sky like sheet lightning.
It was only then that he put the two names together.
But, far too soon, Steve's legs had begun to feel tired and now, reluctantly, he was re-tracing his steps home.
Happy muttered something that sounded very like, "Another one, damn it," but his touch was sure as he used an antiseptic wipe, and then applied a large adhesive dressing. "This really needs icing. You're gonna look like one of them abstract paintings Ms Potts likes tomorrow."
"Tony...?" It was a whisper, as Steve's head turned. "Tony!" Then he was on his feet, relief and ... joy? ... in his voice and his expression. He stumbled as he started forward, hands closing on the Iron Man's arms, making the metal creak.
Finally, Tony flexed his shoulders, rubbed his eyes with his fists and asked, "Anyone I've forgotten, Jarvis?"
Why the fuck had he been sulking in Avengers' Tower, mourning his relationship with Pepper, becoming more and more frustrated until he was getting hard at the sight of a tight ass or big tits?
Refusing to ask for an explanation, Steve glanced in the mirrors and, seeing the road was empty, braked, swung the SUV round in as tight a turning circle as its wheelbase could manage, then gunned the engine to race back the way they had come, no doubt breaking any problematic speed limits.
Hearing footsteps, Tony lifted his head from where he was entangled in computer innards. Bruce was standing in the doorway, hands on the frame, as if he wasn't sure he ought to step inside. "Nearly finished," Tony told him. "We should be back in touch with the outside world real soon now."
The HUD was showing the overlaid radar and sonar scans and Tony's heart suddenly lifted. "Uhuh. Stand back, Cap." Iron Man's repulsors blasted at the rubble. Seconds later, in the light coming from the chest plate, they could see a narrow metal stairway leading down into the earth.
Tony thought.
And he, too, hesitated for an instant, because the man standing beside the portal was clad in scale armour, with an open-faced helmet, a scabbarded sword at his side. The mercenaries were ignoring him but their leader turned, his gun coming up to point at Iron Man.
The blue eyes moved away. "I am astonished that you live," he said evasively, "but glad all the same."
In which Tony's reception in Wakanda is not precisely what he expected.
"Okay." Reluctantly, Tony reached out with Extremis and called the Iron Man suit. "I take it you know where El Furioso is?"
Cap stepped aside to let him pass, as he raced out onto the Iron Man landing pad, the armour already waiting to close around him.
"I just wanted to say, 'Sorry,' Steve opened. "As you said, it was none of my business."
"So do I," Tony said unexpectedly, with a leer in Steve's direction.
"Hey, wait for me!" That was Pepper. "You must have a spare suit—"
"Tony's been asleep," Steve said.
"What the fucking—? How the hell did SHIELD get samples of your blood, Steve?"
"From what Bruce said, it's somewhere we might find help, or at least catch our breath."
"Captain Rogers is in the workshop, sir."
Steve ignored that as a patent lie. "And you weren't going to tell me, were you? That you tackled an Asgardian—
"Seven minutes away, sir. No, make that four. They have almost doubled their speed."
Tony thought. "If it's what Steve really wants," he said.
For a moment, just a moment, Steve considered going down without a fight. But he was not alone. There was another man, a still living man, here with him, and a row of what might be bombs behind.
"You wanted me even then?" Steve sounded stunned. "Then why—?"
"I saved your life." It was the only thing that had mattered.
"Is that," Steve answered, from where he was standing with his arms folded, looking down his nose at the Doombot, "why your computer is so keen on lecturing me?"
It was only now that he really believed the assurances he had been given that Tony was still alive and that Heimdall would send them where they needed to go.
Pepper laughed and kissed him just behind the ear, which was really promising because she knew how much of a turn-on that was for him. So he stopped resisting and clattered down the stairs beside her, through the foyer and into the night, where the limo was parked, undoubtedly illegally.
Steve ignored this persiflage. "If these reports are to be believed the whole continent is swarming with unknown beasts. I'm surprised you don't have one as a pet."
And perhaps that was also reason for hope.
"Hey, Tony," Steve said softly, smiling at him in what looked very like relief.
"I have no idea," Natasha admitted.
Jan's eyes narrowed for a moment and Tony could almost see her reassessing her judgement in the light of that last statement. Then she grinned. "And, of course, she can't wear this particular shade of red—"
"What is going on there, Stark?" Rhodey's voice howled from the air.
He said; "For fuck's sake, Rogers, this is one way you won't hurt me. Now, for Christ's sake, get on with fucking me." He wriggled his ass for emphasis.
"No luck about it," Tony said. "I always intended to have total control over both tech and companies."
Missed his spine. Christ, it must have been close.
"This is my Dad, Howard Stark," Tony said, his voice full of pride. "He's head of Stark International and one of the world's greatest and most innovative engineers."
"That's one of the reasons she's never liked me," Jan said gently, "though she managed to hide it well enough when we only met maybe a couple of times a year and usually had a whole continent between us."
Tony had just finished donning the mercenary's battle dress when the sound of an explosion shook the research lab, setting the walls and floor trembling and the equipment rattling.
The woman was shouting in a clear, high voice.
They put out fires, dug into smouldering piles of rubble and earth, and carried away bodies, alive and dead.
"Spoilsport. For that, I won't let you fly the plane."
"She donated it to an experiment while she was still at Culver. When the samples were examined prior to destruction, hers was missing."
Suddenly, the cliff was illuminated, the edges of the rocks sharp against the shadows of the clefts and in the deepest of those shadows shone a brighter rectangle that could only be a door.
Mention of off-stage death of non-MCU Marvel characters.
Pepper's eyes widened, just a fraction, but Steve felt certain that that was a danger sign. "Damn," she said, in a far too mild tone. "Damn. Why, Steve? They've been friends for... well, for over twenty years. I used to envy Jim Rhodes for being closer than— so close to Tony. He even stole Tony's tech – the so-called War Machine armour – and Tony let him get away w— forgave him." She paused, and then added, as though Steve hadn't figured this out, "As far as Tony's concerned there's no greater crime than taking his tech. So, what the hell did Jim do?"
Above, something exploded in a gush of golden fire.
Unfortunately, by the time it arrived he had completely lost his appetite.
"Power levels now at eighty per cent and stabilising, sir."
"Tony, you can't even walk."
"Wait—" Steve began in an urgent whisper, but she was gone in a flash of wings.
"Steve, I shouldn't—" Tony hesitated, then toed off his sneakers and flopped down on the bed, close to Steve but on top of the covers. "Okay. But no sex – no kissing even – tonight. We'll talk things over tomorrow," he added as he reached out and purloined one of the pillows.
The sky was a huge swirl of bruised cloud, lit by flickering sky lightning. Waves of hail rattled on the armour and bounced off Steve's head and shoulders. He was taking a battering but made no complaint, focusing instead on scanning the battlefield.
Tony flew through the window and settled lightly to the floor.
Steve took a reasonable sip, then passed it back. "Good cognac," he said.
"You don't have the right evil overlord face for it. Though according to Rule 35 a goatee makes even the right face look like disaffected member of Generation X."
"Before Loki. Before the Chitauri. Fury knew, but Thor made it clear we had come to the attention of forces that could destroy the world. They aren't going to go away. We need to be ready."
"Starks always go large." There was laughter hidden in Natasha's voice though you would have had to know her well to hear it. "I saw your Malibu mansion, remember?"
Steve's hand went over his mouth, even as Jarvis said, firmly, "No, sir, I did not."
He compromised. "You don't have to do this."
Steve sighed inwardly, but kissed him anyway.
He'd expected that question, and rehearsed a dozen answers to it, but faced with those wide blue eyes, he forgot them all, and resorted to honesty. "You were – sorta – my childhood hero, then my teammate, my friend and, for one night, my lover. Am I supposed forget all I felt because you're a stubborn bastard who can't compromise and who makes lousy decisions?"
Jarvis was trawling the internet, shattering firewalls and hacking government, commercial and personal databases and emails alike, looking for references to any unidentified young female African, for references to Wakanda and T'Challa as well as Shuri and, while he was about it, to references to the Eternal Champions, to Stormbringer, to Cornelius Moorcock and any other reference to Michael Moorcock or his characters outside of literary criticism, reviews or book sales. Tony had the uneasy feeling that once this tactic had been exhausted they would have to go on to sixties fantasy literature in general, then science fiction and, eventually, Tolkien, Heinlein and Asimov...
"So I did." There was laughter in the distorted voice. "One of my better ideas. Stay here, Cap. You'll be picked up." With that, he was gone.
Realising they had been tricked, the squad went into full aggressive mode, guns out, covering every empty inch. Hennis looked about him, then, snarling, backhanded Tony in the face.
Tony was still staring at Pepper and trying to make sense of her presence when she stopped in her tracks. "Tony! What are you doing here?"
Gritting his teeth, he turned on his heel and headed back into the temple itself, stumbling, moving by will power alone. Beneath the statue of the Panther, his legs failed him, and he collapsed on the cool stone.
He reached out with improvised tongs made out of suit nanites, and shifted the remaining stones into pockets precisely sized for them he had formed within the armour.
"I am aware of that paradox, sir. Perhaps the presence of magic..."
"Hailing frequencies open, sir," the AI said, with more ennui than Nichelle Nichols could possibly have managed even in one of her most bored moment.
"Oddly enough, Natasha, I'm still patriotic enough to have faith in the constitution so no, I have not hacked the White House or Congress. Though I am now reconsidering in the light of this new information."
The President's eyebrows shot up at that. "I thought Potts and all things Stark were inseparable."
"You're going to have to explain yourself sooner or later," Steve said, with a chuckle. "Sure you don't want me to move to the other side of the bed?"
"They do not read so much like Captain Rogers as like Prince Thor."
"Not your fault. They got us too."
The Ancient One was now watching him with intense curiosity. "Dr Banner told me something I knew could not be true. Yet he plainly believed it. I thought— Was it Strange who told you the Infinity Stones had been destroyed in your future?"
"And have the library searched for everything we know about the Infinity Stones, the multiverse and alternate timelines. We also need a medical doctor."
For Steve to come home.
Tony interrupted him:"What targets?"
Pepper wasn't in bed with him. Had gone. Left the company. Left him...
"Any normal human who gets a lungful is unlikely to survive. It probably wouldn't slow the Other Guy down."
"Tracking all flights out of McConnell," Jarvis stated. "Do you have an approximate time of take off, Colonel?"
Steve slid his shield onto his back and followed Tony back to the now-deserted hangar. Creepily, Tony's flashy gold and red armour followed at their heels.
Had he jumped?
"They why haven't all of them disintegrated? At least that would solve the problem of every organisation in the US and every country in the world wanting a piece of them." Hill sounded wistful.
Tony waved it aside. "Call him when you want. Jarvis has the number of the cell I gave him. You can't help in the workshop. I have that all in hand." He turned away from Steve, plainly dismissing him. "T'Challa, you're on your own cognisance, but you're welcome here as long as you want to stay. As is your sister."
He was desperately vulnerable without the armour. Except Tony was wearing the backpack that he had said contained the armour and was carrying it as if it weighed nothing. Tony, according to Howard, had himself been enhanced by something called Extremis.
"Yes," Thor said, with that supreme confidence that came, Steve supposed from being a god and his mother's son. Though Odin might be even worse...
"You used to give me all sorts of instructions like that one, and when I tried to get your personal approval you'd deny it."
"Make it sooner," Natasha said. "Romanoff out."
"What about you?" Tony asked, in the same language.
"We have an emergency situation here, Colonel," was all the Tower would say.
Tony sent the vehicle sweeping in at head height into the fight, making warriors and dogs leap for their lives.
"Well," Tony observed, as he paused the video feed with the flick of a finger. "They're going to have problems with the soul and no-one really believes in that aspect of dualism nowadays, or no-one who is properly educated does. I stress the 'properly'—"
Only there was nothing there. The sheets were cold, the pillows fluffed and undented.
"I've seen them both fly SHIELD jets."
Tony turned quickly back to face Natasha and Clint, just as Clint said, "Projection, much, Stark?"
At a signal from North, one of the soldiers had walked over to Steve and kicked him in the ribs. But it was Tony who had given a choked-off cry; there had been no reaction from Steve even as his body had rolled a couple of feet by the impact.
"No problem," Steve said. "Why the T-shirt?"
"... Captain Rogers, Ms Van Dyne and Colonel Danvers appear to have rescued Lieutenant Storm and his companion. Mr Stark's private jet then took off from Travis with a flight plan filed for New York. However, following reports of evasive action by the jet and bright lights in the sky, both vanished. There has been no contact since," Jarvis finished.
"Odin has returned unexpectedly. He's summoned Thor and Frigga to the throne room. We need to return you to Midgard right now."
"And called the radio station telling them about the gnome they'd spotted," Jan said.
"Only about twenty-fo—" Tony broke off as, to his astonishment, a reversed version of those words appeared in the air in front of him. From Jan's viewpoint, though, they would be perfectly readable. "Fascinating," he said, in his best imitation of Spock, running a finger through the letters as they hung in the air and leaving them undisturbed. Then, "I bet I could build one."
It was with the noonday sun streaming through the bottom of the window – though it didn't reach the bed – that Tony sat up and exclaimed, "Fuck it, my brain's turned to mush. Jarvis!"
Steve did not resist, so presumably had, indeed, taken the hint.
When he finally managed to scramble to his knees, it was in total darkness.
If anything, Steve looked even more uncomfortable. "I didn't do that, I swear. Or order it."
"I estimate eleven minutes and forty-eight seconds, sir."
"We've been stranger places than the Astral Plane," Natasha said.
"I'll feel a lot safer in Stark Tower."
Steve was still hesitating, wondering if a reply would be a betrayal of Tony's trust. On the other hand, this was Pepper, and Tony had made no attempt to swear him to secrecy. He said, cautiously, "They had an argument which they both handled badly. I think Tony sees Rhodes's loyalty to the Air Force as a personal betrayal."
Tony smiled at the press from behind his custom-made sunglasses as Jarvis helpfully displayed their names and employers on the inside of the lenses. Though Jarvis could also talk to him, the head-up-display was in some ways less distracting and definitely less detectable from outside.
Which, now he came to think about it, was unusually thoughtful of him.
"Hawkeye? The Black Widow?"
"Jarvis, bring round the stealth armour and load it in number 2. Barton, Romanoff, just follow the black armour when – ah, here it is now. You got comms in?"
"On it."
"Well, it's better than trying to interrogate White Wolf," Tony pointed out. "Unless we can get our hands on their all-too-fuckin'-effective truth drug. Besides, I want my armour, and the only way to get that is to contact Jarvis. Easiest way to do it is via the internet. Hence, computers."
Unfortunately, just as he started the machine there was a perfunctory knock on the door and Jan breezed in, Hank trailing – a little reluctantly, to judge by his expression – in her wake. He caught Steve's eye and pulled an apologetic face as Jan, grinning even more widely than Tony, headed unerringly for the bedroom.
As the SUV continued along a dirt road hidden beneath overlapping branches, Tony suddenly said, "This was my mother's favourite place. She used to breed horses here – Arabs and Andalusians. Her will left the pasture and stock to Lori – her farm manager – and her family. But the wild land beyond and the cabin on the lake are mine. Until last week they were held in trust for me. Something Stane never got his hands on," he added grimly.
"Thanks, Hank," Tony said. "Steve, don't bother packing anything that you can replace once we get back to New York. That includes all of my stuff. I'll just pick up my leather jacket."
"Hey, saving New York, right? And dying, don't forget that." Tony's grin was manic, but there was pain behind it. "Thinking I wasn't going to be able to say, 'See? Wrong about Stark?' to you."
"My God," Betty breathed. "No one thinks that's going to be possible for years."
"Okay, okay, but I'm still checking for fingerprints."
Pepper was staring at the Gulfstream. "If Bambi didn't pass my message on why are you still here? You should be—"
Steve, Steve, Steve...
Asgard.
Tony shuddered. "From what Dad said, that's an understatement."
Steve watched in admiration as Okoye came tripping – there was no other adequate description Steve could think of but that she was 'tripping lightly' – between the shipping containers. She bounced into the open, stared open-mouthed at the portal, then gasped and scrambled back into cover with every appearance of fear.
Maybe he was drinking too much, but he didn't really care.
"You're carrying too," Steve pointed out. "So, Colonel, care to explain what you're doing here?"
Once out of the water and into Iron Man's natural element, Tony took stock. He was faced with two immediate decisions: the first, whether to call in aid from SHIELD or Rescue, was the easy one. Even if whoever was in charge of SHIELD at the moment would believe him, and even if they could spare anyone to help, there was still the question about why they had been keeping Captain America alive and what they had been doing with the man. His fertile mind could not come up with any answer that put them in a good light. So, no, he couldn't trust them. And that also ruled out Rescue, because Pepper had wanted to be an agent of SHIELD since she had first encountered the organisation. Besides, he intended – if he could find him – to aid a fugitive who had killed, maybe in self-defence, maybe not. The law would have had something to say about that if Tony had left them any evidence: but he was interested in justice, not law.
And how, Steve wondered, were they managing to do that? Unless, of course, they had actually switched them off. As he understood it, the whole world ran on computers and Jarvis was probably the most advanced computer program on Earth. There was nothing better, according to Tony, for cracking a computer program than a more advanced and intelligent computer program. "How about the Pentagon's?"
"There are no spacecraft, military or commercial, in development at any Stark company," Jarvis answered.
"And then there's you, Lieutenant." Tony turned to look straight into the young man's eyes. Just a couple of shades lighter blue than Steve's, he noted absently. "Someone in the Air Force must have facilitated your kidnapping, but that doesn't mean they ordered it. You were taken by the mercenaries who also took Shuri, who tried to take over Wakanda, who have the Hulk, and who have tried to kill me and the Captain too many times. They have technology that marks them out. We thought that your abduction might have something to do with the theft of your sister's DNA sample, but that seems to be unrelated. So the question is, why? And who are these guys working for this time?"
The flight attendants, who were all male, possibly because Tony's reputation had preceded him, had not answered anything more complicated than questions about what wines were stocked. Queries about the time and place they expected to land had produced nothing but a smile and a headshake.
Steve was warmer now, breathing normally, his eyelids fluttering in REM sleep. He was also hard and, to his own astonishment, Tony found his own body responding. That didn't seem possible, after the intensity of their earlier, wildly passionate, sex.
"I have news for you, Steve," Tony said with as much gentleness as he could muster. "You're not a soldier and you were never suited to the job. Hush!" He put his fingers over Steve's mouth. "I've been in contact with the military most of my life and you fall at the first hurdle; the ability to follow orders, even when you disagree with them. You're a great leader, a strategist and tactician, but you don't know when to retreat."
It was plain the Stealth tech was working, at least on the Air Force's radar...
"Aw, Pep, the only one I want to de-brief me is you."
"Because he doesn’t have any," Tony said. "Nor any records. And if Hank Pym has destroyed the last sample, that's it. Finito."
"I will project a holographic image of what is happening at this moment," Jarvis said, and suddenly, half the room was filled with light and people. Though they were perhaps a quarter of their normal size they looked totally real, rounded, alive, moving, just as in the TV ads for the new Stark Games console – whatever that was, exactly. The reality was stunning and, just for a moment, Steve simply marvelled at the technology.
The rage building inside Tony exploded. "So it's 'my country right or wrong' now? Even when you're working for unelected thieves? Jarvis! See that Colonel Rhodes leaves the Tower without taking anything with him, then revoke his privileges."
"You'll do," Steve said.
"Captain." And that was Howard, not Tony. "Time to eat. You must be starving again with that high metabolism."
"Maybe. But they deserve a bonus, at the very least," he countered.
There was an even longer pause, then Pepper said, "But can he remember your social security number?"
"Okay, Jarvis, let's go home."
Explosion.
"That's what Phil promised too," Pepper said, and Steve could hear the break in her voice as the line abruptly went dead.
Even as the computer said, "You fainted," the door to the workshop opened and Tony's father ran into the room.
Steve flung himself at the hatch to the access stairs which, as he had anticipated – and as Tony had also no doubt anticipated – was locked. What's more, it was a metal hatch and an extremely stout lock, no doubt installed to keep burglars away from whatever fancy stuff the guests had brought with them.
Tony, mindful of his father's all too obviously sensible instruction, plastered a cheerful look on his face as the doors of the elevator opened onto the workshop in the armoury. Pepper was still in the Rescue armour, but with the faceplate up and the gauntlets off. Her own cheerful expression was, he was sure, totally unforced.
"No thank you," Steve said, plucking the eyebrow pencil from Tony's hand and peering into the mirror hung on the wall facing the door. He tested the pencil (which was more like a crayon) on paper, then the back of his hand, before colouring his brows with neat strokes.
Now, Iron Man dropped vertically from an altitude of ten thousand feet onto the White House roof, thereby passing the outer ring of Secret Service guard posts. The weather was being co-operative, with a low ceiling of grey cloud that was easy for the camouflage to mimic. That, at least, protected him from anyone hoping to report on #herospot. He hoped. He was more confident in the armour's ability to confuse the radar, helped by Jarvis's hacking of the White House security systems as they approached.
Tony was leafing through files, using the scanner he had borrowed from Bruce's lab to add the important pages to a thumb drive, when he heard a disapproving "Harrumph," and looked up to see Jan, arms folded and tapping one foot, watching him.
was Tony's last coherent thought.
As soon as there was a leak, however small, the water would flood in.
He pulled it out of his pocket in a mixture of relief and apprehension. "Hello, Nat."
At first glance it was like something out of a Rider Haggard novel: the last of the sunlight fell between the clouds to gild the skin of Wakandan warriors, both men and women, gleaming on gold and on their naked shoulders. An array of spearheads glittered, now raised and shaken as the whole crowd shouted in protest or greeting.
And about his duty to his friend, and the woman who had stood by him. "Okay, Jan, and we need to do that now. Jarvis, please direct Hawkeye and the Black Widow to their floors – and get Happy up here."
At least aboard the Red Skull's flying wing he'd been able to call Phillips and Peggy, even if they hadn't been able to help. Here he was on his own.
"Astronaut training," Tony said, remembering.
"Shuri!" T'Challa gasped.
That was strange, because he had been expecting a name. Perhaps even anticipating one. But he still did not know which name or even how he knew what that this was the voice of a machine.
"Mr Stark. How did you get past security?" She did not, though, reach for any of the panic buttons that Tony knew were within easy reach.
"There's nothing to suggest you're bisexual even on the most disgusting websites or the most libellous tabloids," Steve insisted. "Lots of scandal, but not that."
Happy glared at him. "I don' like your new friends. And where's Captain Rogers?""
"Jarvis?"
"Not completely. There's something bugging you. At first I thought it was that Colonel Rhodes hasn't contacted you, but Jarvis says you've located him."
Steve had accepted Fury's offer to fly them both back to the Tower in a SHIELD helicopter and it said much for Tony's current state of exhaustion that he had made no more than a token protest. It might be the reason he had activated the faceplate. It was not, however, in Steve's opinion, the reason the chest and shoulders of the Iron Man suit seemed to be locked into an upright position. That, he suspected, had more to do with those bruised ribs, just as his own position, leaning forward slightly in his seat, was adopted to avoid pain from his back. That also felt damp, itchy and uncomfortable, which probably meant the dressing had been blood-soaked and was now drying. Luckily, this uniform was waterproof.
He let them go without regret.
"Stand in line."
Which one might make all the difference to their chances.
The wall was over eight feet tall, but Steve vaulted it easily. He still wasn't sure that coming back to the Stark house was the right decision, but it was already easing his fears, reassuring him that he was safe and welcome.
Even though Tony's strength had been enhanced by Extremis he had had to call the armour in order to lift Cap and put him to bed in a guest suite in the mansion.
"Yeah, I'm aware. This place doesn't seem to have changed since the war, and it was run down even then – and should you be standing with the seat belt light still on?"
Okay. Maybe he could still have Rhodey if he appeased the military and maybe even Natasha...
"He seems to be in pain," Natasha put in.
"Come on, into bed." Tony sounded breathless, as he pulled back the covers.
Steve only really heard the first word. "Don't call me that," he said dully. "I'm not him. I can't be him. There's been some terrible mistake."
"See you there, honey."
By this time Steve was shaking with suppressed laughter.
Rhodes leaned forward, hands on his knees, his expression earnest. "I have both the Commandant's and the Superintendant's permission to be here. Don't know what's been goin' on, Tony, but Mom's butting heads with Fury, and that's trouble."
But he couldn't let Cap fall into anyone else's hands.
The helicopter swung out over the water, circling to bring an all round view to TV viewers, as the ornithopter continued its slow progress towards Manhattan.
Despite this distraction, pressed into Tony's lap, Steve could not help but realise that Tony was not even half-hard. He shifted, trying disguise his own erection, but while the other man's right hand was still hooked behind his head, his left hand slid down Steve's body to his fly, unzipped it and reached inside...
"Serum sped up your metabolism, yeah. Come on. I could do with something myself. Even if it's only frozen pizza."
"I'm not sorry for that," Tony said.
In the quiet after the emotional storm, they lay naked on Tony's bed, exhausted but unwilling to sleep in case the other man might vanish and this turn out to be a dream.
"See if you can plot us a clear path to Bleecker Street. Nat, grab the shield." Using the armour's strength, Tony lifted Steve into a fireman's carry. The dangling hammer made it awkward, but not impossible.
"You don't have to convince me, Tony."
Tony shrugged elaborately. "Almost certainly SHIELD." He hoped he sounded confident and untroubled, but Steve was frowning at him. No doubt there would be questions to answer from him. "And SHIELD, while not our enemies, are not allies or friends, either. The Avengers have broken their links with the organisation."
"Obie, Hammer and Vanko
"No doubt banging his ear about what a shit I've been to her," Tony said. It was kinda true.
After all, he couldn't leave it here, where it might fall in someone else's hands. If it was stolen, Gene would probably try to kill him; given the power of the Makluan rings in the Mandarin's hands, he was likely to succeed. It was better that no one else even saw it until he knew exactly what it did. That project would also give him something interesting to work on over the next couple of weeks.
"All systems are fully functional, sir."
"Which is?" Steve asked.
He hadn't thought it was possible for T'Challa to look shifty, but that was the case right now. "I have spoken to Hunter," he said evasively. "He shared information important to us both. He was... misguided."
For the Hulk had stamped, and the expensive granite that had only been repaired a couple of months before split and splintered under the impact. Whether or not it was the Hulk, there was something large, heavy and strong out there.
"Do you want to come up to the Penthouse now and identify your stuff for Jarvis?" Tony asked.
"On assignment elsewhere. Your friends are safe, Stark."
Steve craned his neck to stare up at it.
"I... don't... know..." Steve gasped. Which was literally true. Sort of.
"We've no weapons," Tony said. "No shield. Not that I'd've risked it in a place that produced vibranium."
"Because I'm not a scientist?"
Then, just as Tony reached the door, his arms full of clothes, he heard Steve say, quietly but very determinedly, "And, yes, I do know."
But they weren't out of danger yet. Quickly scanning the room, he saw that the monster – demon, Clea had called it – had partially pulled back into the circle of light from which it had emerged. It was batting Clea's magical bolts away as she continued to bombard it. Jean was floating towards them. And the monster's mutilated servant—
“Oh, you’re on.” Pepper took off towards Sam, who quickly turned and followed her. “Stay out of trouble, Tony!”
Steve laughed. “Oh, you know, just playing around.”
Tony groaned loudly. “Why would you
Steve’s eyebrows furrowed. “We haven’t?”
“I have,” Steve interrupted, wanting no doubt about that.
Ororo shrugged. “You’re welcome, Tony. It’s what I do.”
Tony threw out his plate, hitting Steve on the arm. “See you outside?”
Steve was always impressed by how welcoming the area right inside of their rooftop was. A large area filled with a few couches and comfortable chairs alongside tables that held platters of food and jugs of water was the first thing any guests from this door saw. He supposed it made sense to offer refreshments right away if most of your guests came from space.
[__]  1     < >     <3
Steve’s eyes darted to the side, a slight admission of his nervous happiness at Tony opening up more to their (hopefully) future relationship. At that moment, though, he noticed an elderly gentleman who had paused outside, right as he walked past the window they were sitting next to. He stood up as best as he could, leaning a bit heavily on his cane as he held up his right hand in a shaky military salute.
Sam whistled. “I think they’re staying put.”
Clint shrugged. “Nah, they’re always like this.” He took a long chug out of the coffee pot, causing everyone to momentarily shift their attention and stare at him, instead.
“Why not?”
“You gonna take off your helmet?” Steve wasn’t sure why Tony had kept it on for so long, but he’d rather see his soulmate’s face.
@ChaseChaseChase I don’t need your approval.
“And most recently, another royal couple strode onto the scene with style and an in-your-face attitude that had everyone paying attention. I’m sure you all remember last year when the soon-to-be queen of Wakanda, Nakia, unexpectedly matched with the new Queen of Asgard, Valkyrie. The union of the most technologically advanced country in the world with one of the most ancient realms of magic resulted in another ‘break the internet’ moment. The hashtags Black Girl TechMagic, WoC Queens, and Nakyrie trended on twitter for over a week. They appeared on nearly every show that aired at the time, including notable pieces on Ellen, Oprah, and SNL. Although Nakia is not technically royalty by bloodline, the Wakandan government formally inducted her as a member of the royal family—a decision that was met with reactions ranging from delight that her place in Wakanda was finally recognized to disdain that a friend of the royal family would be given the same accolades without the birthright. Still, now that they’ve made their mark and the furor has died down, it seems Wakanda and Asgard have mostly stayed out of the news. Some suggest this is due to a lack of newsworthy stories, believing that the countries are prospering under their newfound leadership. Others say the queens are disinterested in dealing with the rest of the world, citing the known history of Wakanda hiding its’ riches and Asgard existing in an entirely different realm.”
Tony pressed his lips together. “So… what you’re saying is we have a Doom copycat on our hands?”
Bobbi laughed. “I’m pretty sure she was talking about something else.”
“What are you talking about?” Steve asked, bewildered. “I’ve loved you for years, too.”
Was he supposed to ignore that?
Tony nudged Steve’s arm. “That was awkward,” he muttered. Louder, he said, “Hey, it’s not a problem. I shouldn’t have teased him.”
The guy nodded. “Almost two years now.”
“What? No!” Frustrated and more than a little embarrassed, Tony quickly clarified, “About Doom. This was probably another experiment.”
Steve seemed thoughtful. “If that’s the case, we should probably speak to Sue, Reed, and Namor. They keep better track of Doom than anyone.”
No, wait, those were
“Yes, ma’am.” Tony lifted up the second dessert in thanks and slowly began to drink it. Once she walked away, he put it down on the table and said, “All right, after this, we’re leaving, got it?”
“Yeah. I do. That’s why I’m concerned.”
In the space of a second, Steve turned towards Tony, grabbing the man’s right cheek with his left hand and pulling Tony’s head into his own chest and shoulders. Steve continued moving until his back was entirely to the reporters, completely covering Tony with his body. Steve braced for impact a millisecond before it happened. He felt the brick impact his back with enough force that Steve was absolutely sure it would have broken Tony’s face open. He didn’t want to think about it. He was equal parts angry at the man that had attacked them and relieved that Tony was safe.
They finished their milkshakes and loitered. By some unspoken agreement, both wanted to continue the evening regardless of how late it was getting. Still, silently existing together didn’t do much to keep them awake, and Tony specifically found himself getting drowsier.
“Morning, beautiful,” Tony said as he grabbed the cup of coffee from Steve’s hand. “My two favorite people to see bright and early.” He took a quick sip to test the temperature as he ran his free hand down Steve’s forearm, squeezing gently. “Thanks, Cap. You’re the best.”
“Yeah! It means my fic is going to get more hits than I ever
!” one of the reporters shouted right as Steve turned enough to stop shielding Tony from the collected reporters.
Steve laughed. “Of course you did.”
He turned his face to the right side. It was unavoidable. Truly. Steve had a big hand, and he’d used the entirety of it to mark Tony. The mark was in the exact shape of a handprint—obviously—and spanned from his hairline down to his jawline. The mark covered the edge of his mouth and the side of his nose. It was half of his face. His
“To give you your present,” Steve replied. “I wasn’t able to last week.”
Steve snorted. “Not intentionally.” He quickly realized he was holding onto Tony’s forearms, instinctively reaching out to steady the man. Steve let go, stepping back to give Tony the personal space he usually requested. “Sorry for the collision.”
17: It really was not anyone’s fault but their own that they hadn’t touched before then.
Natasha made a disgusted noise, shaking her head. “Doombots.”
Steve held his hands out then stopped to clench his fingers. “
Tony pulled out his earbuds and threw them on the table. “F.R.I.D.A.Y., save and close.” The holographic blueprints in front of Tony flickered away. “Yeah. Okay. Let’s talk.”
Tony made a face. “Please. I’m Iron Man. I can handle it.”
“We should go to bed,” Tony muttered, yawning again. “I want to contact Reed in the morning before he gets too caught up in analyzing the fake doombots.”
Steve blinked. “What?”
“Are you an idiot? Of course that’s what I mean!” The desk rattled as Jameson slammed his fist down on it once more. “Everyone’s covering the same story, but it’s the only story people are buying! We need it!”
“Why is it so bad?” Sue asked. She was obviously confused, but Johnny couldn’t even think about how to begin to explain the situation without betraying Peter’s confidence further.
“Obviously,” Tony agreed. “I did give it to you. It’s bound to be stunning.”
[Unlisted Number]
[9:34 pm] I will. I really will try.
It had been a few months since he’d even spoken to the Richards. Even though both teams operated out of New York, their work rarely intersected. Steve knew that they had a specialty of dealing with cosmic threats. The Avengers were able to hold their own in space, but the Fantastic Four were infinitely more comfortable with traveling outside the atmosphere pretty much on the regular. Carol was probably the Avenger with the most experience in outer space, but she had a lot of work to do outside of the galaxy. He wasn’t sure if the Four had ever made it out that far.
“One day, I’m going to figure out how your suit does that.”
He webbed himself up in a corner, putting a hand on his chest. “Moi? Obviously yes.”
“No, I mean, that would be—like, a way to tell I was dreaming.” Foggy coughed. “Not because I dream about you kissing me or anything, because that would be, well, I meant like
“Of course not!” Bucky rolled his head back to look up at the ceiling. “Don’t do this, man. Don’t.”
its not [8:54 pm]
F.R.I.D.A.Y. did as requested, and—exactly one minute later—the elevator door dinged open to interrupt their stolen moment. Even when Tony glared at her sensor, she didn’t mind. She knew they’d have plenty more in the future.
Sue grinned. “Thank you.”
Steve stared at him.
she threw it across the room [9:24 pm]
Steve laughed. “Yeah, meeting dismissed.” He paused. “I think Jennifer left.”
“I thought you weren’t interested in me!” Steve groaned. “You flirt with everybody. I had no idea I was any different.”
Castle grunted.
,” Marisha says with passion as she excitedly shakes her shield in the air.
Steve looked down. “I know. I wanted to.”
Tony’s shoulders relaxed slightly. “You’re right. You’re right as usual, Steve. Thanks.” He took a step to walk away, then made an incredibly awkward one-eighty on his heel. “Hey, can we talk? Like right now?”
“This is all unimportant,” Pietro stated, obviously frustrated.
“Oh, calm down,” Tony said. “It’s not like admiring Doom’s ass is maligning Steve’s ass.” He spread his hands out, palms up. “I can appreciate multiple asses at the same time.”
Tony’s eyes closed. “I’m screwing this up,” he muttered.
“I don’t…” Tony stopped to lick his lips again. “Steve. I don’t.”
be training.” She eyed her soulmate critically. “I could kill you right now and you wouldn’t even see it coming.”
Reed’s head popped up excitedly—his neck literally extending higher in his sudden glee. “Yes! That’s right! Thank you, Ben.” He twisted his elongated neck to look at Tony. “Why don’t you two come to the computer room?”
“—and I just really think that, deep down, you do actually want to be a good guy. That’s why you chase down these criminals, right? You want to help people.”
“But I don’t know how the hell you’re going to get them,” Johnny said in a casual way that Peter thought might not be entirely appropriate for the conversation.
That was one of the reasons he made nearly all of his public appearances in uniform. When people were used to seeing Captain America, they very rarely saw Steve Rogers. He was able to go undercover, as it were, when he was being himself. He couldn’t remember the last time he’d gone out to eat in costume. At the very least it might get them faster service. He’d have preferred taking Tony out in a nice outfit. Not a suit; he’d leave those to Tony. But Steve felt that he really cleaned up in a pair of pressed khakis and a well-fitted button-down.
Deciding not to press the matter any further, Tony instead got back to designing an upgrade for his blasters. He’d noticed the energy output the current system had could be improved to use less of his battery power if he used a slightly thinner, more concentrated beam. It would also help with aiming and reduce unwanted accidental damage. He was quite pleased he’d thought of it. Especially given the current situation, with more protestors coming out to complain about the property damage superheroes were causing. Tony understood their concerns, but the reality was New York City attracted supervillains far more than it had any right to. Without heroes protecting the city, these people would be in a lot more trouble. So he’d do what he could to minimize damages while acknowledging that, sometimes, a car was going to get smashed. Simple as that.
Tony nodded. “Fine, yes, all right. I trust you.” He slouched farther down in his seat, gazing doubtfully out the window.
Pepper nodded meaninglessly, still smiling. “Captain Rogers and Mr. Stark request privacy so they can enjoy their newfound soulmate status without prying eyes.”
Tony stared at Steve for a moment before he stretched his arms up and rotated his feet away from Steve, onto the floor. “Well, I’m going to try to get some sleep before I have to look pretty for the press conference in the morning.”
He couldn’t.
Tony’s back stiffened. “I…” He shook his head. “I’m busy, Cap. I’m working on this new upgrade. I’ve gotta get it finished.”
Super Strong Super Smart @mollylolly * 4m
“Hey, Buck,” Steve said, raising a hand over the back of the couch.
Since that was the absolute truth and there was no arguing it, Tony headed to the site of the complaints without replying. When he got there, they were first on the scene. F.R.I.D.A.Y. updated his suit HUD to inform him several more heroes were arriving: Clint, Bobbi, Sam, Pepper, and Jennifer.
Steve rolled his eyes. “Says Iron Man.”
“Your country thanks you for your service, Mr. Stark.”
Still. Worth it.
even better [11:15 pm]
Steve rubbed the back of his neck. “Cagey? I don’t think I’ve been
“So?” Johnny shook off Reed’s hand. “They want to talk to you guys. I don’t need to be here.” He turned on his flames and flew off, leaving behind his signature trail of fire reaching behind him and slowly dissipating.
“There are reports of robots destroying city property,” she stated. “It is my recommendation to assemble immediately.”
They both laughed, and Steve immediately felt reassured. Maybe he really was just overthinking it. Sam was right—there hadn’t been a chance to talk to Tony, and he shouldn’t take that as anything other than proof they were both busy men. Tony wasn’t avoiding him. So what that his soulmate reveal didn’t go like he had always imagined? It was still amazing. He was still matched with a man he’d been in love with for years. Steve couldn’t believe his luck.
Carol walked over from where she’d been talking with Rhodey, Pepper, and Happy, suddenly in lockstep with him. “Hey, Tony. Merry everything.”
Tony shrugged. “Don’t know. I haven’t had a lot of time to consider it yet.”
2: To his knowledge, Steve had never been with a man in any capacity.
. Skin to skin. That was all that mattered.
“Save the best for last?” Tony asked as he began climbing out.
He looked around at his teammates in amazement. “What is up with these weird white guys today? I mean, weirder than usual.”
Tony cracked a smile. “None. Shut up.”
Tony’s smirk turned into a full-blown grin. “I know.”
Tony folded his arms on his desk and slowly rested his head down. He heard a familiar whirring and turned his head to glare at Dum-E. “This is all your fault.”
“Why did Captain America and Iron Man go into hiding?”
“When people say men are walking disasters, this is what they mean.” Carol narrowed her eyes at Tony. “They mean you.”
At Tony’s comment, Steve looked closer and saw that Reed, Sue, and Namor were all waiting by the access door. Their soulmarks were all visible once you got close enough. Reed and Sue had met several years before they matched with Namor. From what Steve had heard, Reed had pulled Sue out of the way of a harried intern who was about to bump into her. This left Reed with a typical soulmark on his right palm, swirling blue and yellow, and Sue with a slightly less typical one on her left forearm, a slow-moving blue and brown. Namor gave each of them a soulmate mark on their shoulders. Apparently, the Fantastic Four had been called to a meeting with some Atlanteans, during which Namor had grasped onto Reed’s right shoulder and Sue’s left shoulder as a traditional gesture of respect, causing a bright collection of blues, greens, and golds to appear as a half-handprint on Sue’s collarbone and a single thumb mark against Reed’s neck. Namor’s soulmarks covered half of his right palm and the inside of his left thumb, matching the blue and yellow spirals and the steady blue and brown that Reed and Sue had already left on each other.
“Hey, Spidey,” Tony said, walking next to him and ordering the elevator back up. “I didn’t know you were stopping by.”
“Get to the van! The van, go, go!”
Besides, he had followed through on his promise to Bucky and Nat. He did it—in the most impossible way he could have imagined, but he did it. Now he just had to find the time to talk to Tony. It shouldn’t be that hard. They lived together, after all. How difficult could it be?
“You were?”
or compliment his ass [8:37 pm]
Tony sat up quickly, back ramrod straight. “Excuse me? How bad is it?”
people saw it live…
“The SI lawyers are good. They’ll take care of it.”
“I heard Galactus has unbeatable poker face,” Rhodey said, nodding in admiration.
Steve shrugged. “Nothing. I just thought we could relax in the television room before bed.”
Tony’s smile rivaled the sun. “You would?”
Ben hummed, causing them all to look at him. “Two years is a long time, kid. Isn’t it about time he meets the family?”
Rhodey nodded. “That’s a good point. It’s more that people want it to be an American flag than that it looks like one.”
Bucky elbowed him. “Lucky that Thanos attacked then, huh?”
Peter felt his heart constrict. “Ah. I’m sorry, man.”
Tony stared at him. “Magic is magic, Steve. You know this.” He pulled his hands out of his pockets in his excitement, waving them around in front of him. “Anyway, Wanda tripped over Dum-E, or he pulled her down, I’m not really sure. The important thing is Rhodey and Carol have a new soulmate.”
“Yeah, thanks,” Tony said, waving him off. “Happy… Winter Solstice? Is that what you do?” Strange floated off without answering. “I should have asked guests to fill out a form,” Tony muttered.
GertRUDE @FarLeftDinoFem * 27m
“Oh, I was just coming to get you!”
Tony nodded, stepping away from Steve to turn towards his holographic screen. “Yeah, go ahead.”
[__]  1     < >     <3
“Okay, okay, thank you,” Tony blurted out, trying to end the pain.
Bobbi elbowed Clint again. “He means he’s got other work to do.”
“Wasn’t expecting
“Yours is closer.”
As the HUD came on and gave him all the relevant information, F.R.I.D.A.Y.’s voice came through the speakers inside his helmet. “Not that it’s in any way relevant, but I did notice there are some areas of my processing that are slower than others.”
“Of course not. I wouldn’t, either.” Steve held out his left palm for Tony to look at. “You haven’t really had a chance to look at my soulmark,” he pointed out. “Do you want to?”
“So… Kate?” Bobbi asked.
Tony shrugged. “Yep. Time to figure out who the hell is copying Doom.”
seriously.”
Suddenly glad he was standing outside, Steve felt his shoulders sag just a bit. Maybe Tony called him beautiful—or the coffee beautiful, he wasn’t sure—but Tony also called Pepper his darling. Within the same minute, even. It didn’t dissuade him from his decision to confess. It just reminded him how unlikely it was that Tony harbored any reciprocal feelings. Flirting with people was second nature to Tony. Unlike Steve, who found himself stumbling over the slightest attempt to suggest he found a person attractive.
Tony looked up at Steve, the corners of his mouth turning down. “I don’t like my soulmark,” he breathed out—like a secret he wasn’t sure he should share.
“Is what a coup?” Steve asked as he walked in, not even realizing a locked door had been a deterrent in his path.
Tony smiled at him, squeezing his hand. “I’m glad.”
Tony shrugged. “And all of that is a huge hassle. I’ve got the board on me trying to use this to push me out. Plus there’s the guy who threw the brick. I’ve been trying to contact Jennifer to see if there’s any way to work this out legally. I want my name cleared.”
Sue sighed. “This is why Spidey has never shown anyone his civilian identity?”
Tony looked skeptical.
Sue pulled a folded piece of paper out of the pocket of her jeans, opening it with practiced ease. Johnny could see wrinkles that indicated just how many times it had been refolded. “Is he afraid of you dying due to your superheroics? Is he worried you’ll get lost in space and never return?” Sue looked up from reading off the paper. “I’ve heard that’s a fear some sci-fi fans can get, and we do get out to space pretty often, so.” Then she looked back down at the paper, straightening it out. “Is he concerned you’ll get irradiated again? That your powers might flare up or get out of your control? Is he afraid of meeting us? Namor can be very intimidating. And Ben’s a sweetheart, but sometimes people need some time to see that for themselves. Reed’s a little science-y, but he tries. He always tries. And that rumor going around that I like to sneak up on people, completely untrue, you know that. I’m incredibly courteous about going invisible.” Sue’s shoulders slumped as she pressed the paper back into her pocket. “He could be misinformed about the place he’d have here. Is that it? We’d welcome your soulmate with open arms. We have plenty of room for more people to live here, even if he has people who’d come with him. A big family, that’s all we’d be. Just like how you all welcomed Namor. It’d be the same thing.”
Sue turned to glare at him. Reed elbowed him.
“I did,” Tony agreed. “And if I hadn’t?”
“Not for me,” Tony bragged.
patriotic. Even if somebody was, they wouldn’t want to start anything with Captain America’s soulmate.
“My, what a gentleman,” Tony replied. “Thanks, winghead.”
Steve blinked, taken aback. “Did they chase us here from the park?”
A blush spread over Steve’s face. “Oh.”
“Well, I was going to commission a statue of you in Central Park,” Tony said defensively. “But Pepper talked me out of it.”
Tony blinked at them. Slowly.
oh no [9:20 pm]
“Well, pumpkin, I don’t even know if he feels the same way,” Tony said, giving Rhodey a ‘so there’ look. “For starters.”
“Tony, don’t you want to say something?! Now’s your chance!”
Steve was done waiting. It was ludicrous they hadn’t yet found enough time to talk. It was a busy day—that was an understatement—but when weren’t their days busy? They had to make time for what was important.
“Being his soulmate.”
Although ‘coming out’ has little to no relevance or bearing on soulmates. Everyone has heard cases of people matching with unexpected 10/?
Steve sighed heavily.
“Oh no.”
[9:05 pm] Hi, Nat.
“You’re probably right,” Steve replied, running a hand through his hair.
“Why did Stature pick up a news van?”
“I am!” Steve took a breath, trying to gather himself. “Just getting my thoughts together. That’s all.”
Clint snorted. “Ouch. Guess
Matt kissed him.
Johnny sat up straight. “What? No! What?”
Tony handed her his menu. “Same as Cap, thanks.”
F.R.I.D.A.Y. remained quiet.
And take Tony home he did. The cabbie didn’t ask questions; Steve didn’t offer conversation. They got to Avengers Tower soon enough. There were a few media vans parked down the street, but no one was paying attention to a passing cab at nearly two in the morning.
The reporters laughed a bit, and Steve smiled at Tony. “Best to make sure we catch the bad guy first,” he replied, amused.
[__]  1     < >     <3
“And besides all of that, we’ve still got these fake doombots to deal with. Don’t think I’ve forgotten about that paparazzi pizza guy, either. There’s a lot going on, Steve. It’s been kind of hard for me to really process everything.” Tony licked his lips. “I guess that’s on me. But I just don’t feel comfortable starting a relationship now. I need some time.”
dramatic about the missiles?”
“Ow,” Tony said, more in acknowledgement of the situation than in any real pain. “Why are your abs so hard? Are you trying to give me brain damage?”
Sam raised both eyebrows as he hopped off his stool and grabbed the man’s hand, stopping him.
“Holy
“Yeah?”
“Probable doombots,” Bruce replied.
The man struggled in Sam’s grip. “No way! And you can’t take my property without my permission!”
The television cut back to the news anchors, who stared at the camera, eyes wide in shock.
Castle paused.
“Did Mr. Stark attack a civilian?”
“It wasn’t a villain! It was
The man grasped the edge of his shirt and attempted to take it off with one hand while he held the camera with his other, pressing the shutter button as fast as he could.
They took the elevator down in companionable silence. When they walked off onto the hallway that led to Tony’s workshop, Pepper veered off to the room reserved for her suits. “Whatever you think, I think it’s a good sign,” she stated. “And that’s that on that.”
“Are you looking forward to anything in particular?”
“Not, not really,” Tony answered.
“Here, right now, we can see where a crowd of fans has gathered outside of Avengers Tower. They’re doing all they can to show their support of Captain America and Iron Man’s soulmate match. For now, the superheroes have remained silent, but they’re expected to make a public statement soon. I’ll keep you updated on this story as events unfold. I’m Cindy Moon, and this is Fact Channel News.”
Tony stared at his face in the mirror, eyes wide in shock. On his left side, nothing. Plain old Tony Stark. Well, maybe not plain, but definitely the same face he’d been seeing for years. Grinning for the cameras, at board meetings managing his company, in passing reflections—an unlit cell phone screen, a rolled-up car window, a too-expensive watch, the polished plates of his armor after he’d made the latest in a stream of never-ending modifications.
“I’ll need so much coffee,” Tony groaned. “And we need to buy all new coffee pots. Clint can just keep all the old ones.”
“Take any good pictures?” Steve asked, smiling at him.
Tony ran a hand along his face. “It’s fine. Let’s just eat.”
Steve scowled, unable to fight back the blush he knew was burning across his cheeks and nose. “You know that’s not what I meant.”
“You did, you really actually did,” Tony quickly stated. “Because you had to manhandle me like an infant.”
powerful.”
Oh. Steve hadn’t really thought about it like that. Tony did care a great deal about his clothes when he went out. Did the mark make his normal suits look strange? Internally, Steve sighed and wished Jan was here. What use was having an Avenger who owned a clothing line if he couldn’t go to her for fashion advice? Well, besides the obvious use of fighting alongside her in battle.
“You always catch me,” Steve said, completely unconcerned. “You wouldn’t let me fall.”
“Tony!” he called out, skidding to a stop and immediately taking pictures of Tony’s shocked face.
“Yeah,” Steve said, bursting out laughing. “That’s what I’m saying.”
“I thought you were joking!”
“This is
“I say yes to going out to eat with you all the time,” Tony stated.
Steve put his hand on Tony’s chin, turning his face back around. “This is what I do,” he murmured before kissing him.
Carol smirked. “I love that he’s trying that on a video call. I’m recording this to replay when I need a pick-me-up later.”
Steve felt himself grow to like this guy. Just a little. Anyone who cared about Tony was good in his book. “Yeah. Tony’s a tough guy.”
going to get you a date this way.”
“It’s not that I’m trying to be argumentative,” Wanda argued, causing Vision to nod next to her, immediately on her side. “It’s just… can we really call it a Holiday Party when it takes place on Christmas Eve?”
“Steve ordered pizza. He’s getting it now.” Clint sounded entirely too excited.
“Yes, Captain Rogers.”
“Do we know who these bots belong to?” Pepper asked, nodding to Tony as she flew by him and circled back around, calculating a way to destroy the bots without damaging the gridlocked cars.
“We’ve never discussed it,” Steve replied.
As Steve debated the best way to take Tony home without getting the kind of extra attention he wanted to avoid, he saw a man standing off to the side, looking awkward. Too awkward. ‘Caught in the middle of doing something he wasn’t supposed to be doing’ awkward.
“I was not programmed to like or dislike—”
“Good morning,” Steve greeted cheerfully. He felt energized from both his run and his recent decision to be more upfront about his feelings for Tony. He could start today. Holding out the coffee he had bought for Tony, Steve squared his shoulders. He could do this. Just as he opened his mouth to say something else, Tony made a low, guttural noise of want.
Clearing his throat, Bucky said, “Uh, what I
“Really?” Jennifer asked as Tony groaned.
What was worse was traffic was getting heavier, more people were walking into the battle zone without realizing they were heading that way, and soon enough they had an actual crisis on their hands. It was five o’clock on a Wednesday. People were simply not prepared to handle this many major streets being overrun by tiny menacing bots. Tony didn’t know why battles always had to happen at inconvenient times, and he didn’t mind saying so, either.
“You kissed the suit.”
Steve stepped closer to Tony. “What if I want them to be official dates?”
Carol and Rhodey pulled their hands away from Wanda’s shoulders, revealing two shiny new soulmarks. Neatly matching on Wanda’s skin, Tony could admit from an aesthetic standpoint they were gorgeous. In fact, the whole trio was gorgeous, and Tony’s mind split in two directions. There were the immediate thoughts about the mind-blowing sex these three were going to have. Then there were the thoughts about how lonely he was going to be, how everyone but him was getting matched, how even people who were
“Don’t forget I got a picture taken with Tony two years ago at the Maria Stark Foundation’s annual fundraiser!”
“Matt,” the guy said, holding out his hand just slightly off-center. “Thanks for the help.”
, who was usually off training and doing secret missions, who was barely around and Peter had never actually spoken to—Johnny still kept tabs on his nephew, still told Peter what little information he had. It made Peter feel awful to not share Johnny with May, but Peter could see the strain taking its’ toll on Johnny. The Fantastic Four were known for being a close, tight-knit superhero team. Closer than any other team. That was because they were a family—biologically, found lifelong friendships, and legally, through marriage. People joined and left other teams, but not the Four.
Johnny rolled his eyes. “Not this again.”
“Potential doombots,” Pepper cut in.
Tony looked supremely confused. “
“Tony, Ms. Walters is on the line for you,” F.R.I.D.A.Y. stated. “Shall I put her through?”
“—America are gay! I repeat, Iron Man and Captain America have just been outed on live television! Though we have yet to receive a comment from the two, the Avengers haven’t yet left the podium, which means we could very well hear more on—”
“Still with a camera,” Peter replied. “Just a hidden one.”
[11:17 pm] you’re gonna b mad so get ready
16: Steve would be devastated if Tony expressed his dislike of his mark.
He had to talk to Steve. He had to.
Super Strong Super Smart @mollylolly * 18m
“Captain Rogers is on his way.”
“What a complete and total relief.”
“It was only that short because we ended up leaving the car,” Bruce commented.
Sue’s voice startled him, causing him to jerk clumsily in his chair. Johnny looked at his sister, holding a hand up. “Did you want something?”
Tony sighed. “Of course they were. Of course they’re taking a space honeymoon while we’re fighting robots.”
Lowering his thrusters to their lowest setting, Tony carefully stuck his landing, making sure he didn’t take any risks while he was holding Steve—no matter how durable the super soldier serum had made him, it certainly didn’t allow him to bounce back from a fall this high. Once his feet were secure, Tony bent over and Steve slipped down out of his hold.
Tony sighed. “I wish it was snowing.”
in her suit?”
Carol laughed. “Yes, actually. Speaking of, did you know I look
Carol smacked him on the arm. “Oh, like you were saying no,” she retorted, rolling her eyes.
It took a moment to click off the alarm on the program. Then Johnny pulled the chair forward and sat back down, thinking of how to break the news to Peter. Well. There wasn’t really any good way of doing it, was there? He pulled out his cell phone, deciding to let his boyfriend know they were in for a conversation tomorrow.
Steve turned around, lifting one knee onto the couch to smile at his longtime friend. They’d been friends for so long, in fact, that Steve was convinced Bucky had heard more complaining about waiting for his soulmate than anyone else in his life. “It’s…” Steve laughed, feeling a bit light-headed. “Amazing, yeah. That’s exactly it.”
The waitress came back, quickly looking between them. “You boys ready to order?” She took out her pen and pad, jotting something down.
“I think that’s obvious,” Bucky said. “It’s still a big deal.”
. Steve didn’t need Tony’s shit on top of his own. Tony’s childish dream that a soulmark would miraculously appear after nothing for so long, after so many touches leaving only bare skin behind, was just holding them both back. Steve needed the freedom to find his soulmate. The only way Tony could help with that was by leaving him alone.
Some of it was easy—the obvious info that everyone learned growing up. A soulmark was a mark a person’s soulmate left on their body. It appeared the first time two soulmates touched skin to skin. It only appeared when bare skin touched bare skin—anything covering skin, or any barriers at all, would mean no soulmark appeared even if soulmates
Sam flew by Steve. “On your left,” he shouted with the joy of a man never willing to let a slight against him go.
Well, that wasn’t entirely reassuring. Steve smiled at Tony, a bit rueful. “You know we can spend time together whenever you want, right?” He grabbed onto Tony’s big toe and shook it, feeling the thin cotton socks separating their skin. “Just ask, Tone.”
Steve looked unconvinced. “Rhodey’s a human, Tony. That’s like saying
“Thanks, Cass. Stay safe.”
Becoming soulmates definitely qualified.
Carol leaned forward into the camera and hissed, “Kiss him. Kiiiiiiiss hiiiiiiiiim.”
The car stopped a moment later, right outside of the area in Central Park where they were scheduled to speak and answer questions. It had a fifty-foot wide wooden stage on one side that usually hosted small indie bands, impromptu poetry jams, debates, and occasionally a play. Steve liked the tables that were scattered around nearby. He used them for drawing when the weather was nice enough, but they usually collected kids doing homework and people of all ages eating outside and playing games.
[__]  1     < >     <3
Castle shot him.
“Fair enough.” Tony spun on the seat just enough to lean back into the corner of the couch and put his feet up onto Steve’s lap. He put the subtitles on the screen but left it on mute, relaxing as best he could.
Tell him tonight [9:09 pm]
love your face.”
“We were out of syrup,” Steve protested. “What did you expect me to do?”
Tony rolled his eyes. “Barely.”
“Probably off doing spy shit.” Clint’s voice came over the communicator with a heavy sigh. “And now I’m feeling unappreciated.”
“Oh! No, don’t worry, they’re married,” Steve reassured. Tony didn’t look very relaxed. “Well, I think they helped me pick out a nice gift. So. Here.” Steve handed a jewelry box over to Tony.
Tony’s eyes bulged out.
“Yes,” Foggy said. “He’s blushing like a Christmas tree, Matty. It’s obvious evidence.”
“What’s this about doombots?” Bucky asked as he and Natasha walked in, both heading for the pizza boxes with the determined look Russian spies were known for.
A collective gasp and some light applause behind them had Steve and Tony stand stock still.
“I guess the twins are mad that you left without telling them.” All four faces focused directly on Tony, which was slightly overwhelming. He held up his hands, defensive while trying to keep the conversation light. “Hey, whoa, don’t shoot the messenger, space squadron.”
“Ughhh.”
“We’ll probably watch,” Rhodey said. “Not much is going on up here.”
“No, we’re not,” Tony said. “Don’t lie to them, Steve.”
“Someone has to help you. This is pathetic.”
Carol grabbed Tony’s shoulders and began marching him towards Steve. “You need to do this.”
“I’d do whatever you wanted.”
“He was looking at Tony’s mock-ups for redesigning his arm.” Natasha didn’t even look up from cleaning her gun.
“Oh yes, of course.” Tony wiggled his toes. “You’re living the dream, Cap.”
Steve quickly pulled his face back, smiling shyly. “Definitely ready.”
And, Steve knew in his gut, there was never a chance he wasn’t going to protect Tony. All of his teammates, really. But especially Tony.
Castle sniffed. Maybe he was bored? Tony had to spice this up to really sell it.
It was a fast trip. They arrived on-scene less than a minute later, before Bruce had Hulked his way over to them but well after F.R.I.D.A.Y. completed her scan, reporting that the nearby buildings were almost all empty. The City That Never Sleeps certainly did have a bedtime—at least, it did in non-tourism areas during the week. There were always some pedestrians around, but it was a huge relief to know there were a lot fewer opportunities for people to get injured this time around.
There was a brief period of time, a few seconds max, during which they just stared at each other. Steve knew it was his responsibility to say something. He was the one who had interrupted Tony while he was working, after all. But it just felt like there was too much to say.
“Obviously.”
“But you were holding it in your literal hand,” Carol retorted. “So it counts a
“Nice to see you again,” Reed said, nodding at both men.
twitchy bitchy witchy @niconoir * 35m
“Ah, that’s my cue,” Pepper stated. “We’ll be sure to update you with any information as we receive it.”
“We’re heading to Avengers Tower to follow this breaking news story as it unfolds! Back to the studio! Let’s go, drive, don’t worry about the door!”
Steve breathed out in relief. “Oh, good.” He looked around, then at Foggy. “So, where should I start?”
Steve chuckled. “Then let’s go.” He jerked his thumb over his shoulder. “That burger place down the street is open ‘til 2 am.”
“Tone, you okay?”
people, resulting in cases of discomfort, familial and friend separation, and even rejection of the soulmark. No matter how powerful 11/?
Because Tony will do LITERALLY anything you ask [9:29 pm]
you even stare at it when hes in the suit [8:42 pm]
“Yes?” Steve asked, pointing to the first hand he’d seen in the air.
people, but there can be multiple arguments made as to the reasoning behind this psychological phenomenon. Regardless, it’s completely 8/?
“Well, yeah.” Bucky laughed once, disbelievingly. “You guys got matched on live TV. That’s pretty unusual, right?”
Namor looked confused. “And they are blessed by the gift of viewing my skin when we make love.”
Bruce breathed deeply through his nose. “This is getting stressful.”
Taking a half-step back, Steve wiped his fingers over his eyes. “Oh, wow, sorry about that.” He laughed awkwardly, throat sounding wet and clogged.
“Done,” Bobbi said. “We just fought him last week.” She whacked a bot with one of her sticks, then hit it again, harder, just because. “Damn annoying.”
“Yeah, yeah.” Johnny was quiet for a few seconds. “Well, I love you, so.”
Wanda looked at her exposed shoulders—well, they were always exposed; the woman was allergic to well-fitting sleeves—and her eyes softened as she studied the fresh soulmarks. “This is…,” she trailed off, voice thick with emotion. “
God, Steve wanted to talk to him. To hold him. Right now. He wanted to say so much. But Tony looked so nervous. Steve couldn’t blame him. Tony hadn’t even seen his own mark yet. He had to be wondering about it.
“Oh, Cap’s coming back—it appears he’s defending himself in regards to a question about being homophobic. Can we get a closer shot?”
“Speak for yourself. I love when they fly!” Sam sounded excited as he circled around to begin chasing more bots down.
“That won’t be necessary, She-Hulk.” Steve walked in alongside Sam, nodding at Jennifer with the kind of commanding attitude that had Tony slouching in his chair—just to be difficult.
Steve really wanted to focus more on what Tony was saying, but he could only stare. There, covering most of the right side of Tony’s face, was his own handprint. Shining brilliantly in a pattern of red, white, and blue that shimmered slowly in a wave-like pattern. The design exactly matched where his hand had instinctively gone to protect Tony—the bottom of his palm rested along Tony’s chin and covered the right half of his mouth, the side of his thumb went up along and over the right side of Tony’s nose, and the rest of the mark spread diagonally up, separating into four distinct fingers that went by Tony’s ear and up into his hairline. The mark shone through underneath Tony’s goatee, and Steve suddenly realized that Tony was still looking confused.
?” Tony blinked, quickly grabbing the table to steady himself.
. On to the game!”
“How does he feel about being your soulmate?” Wanda asked.
“Right? That was my thought.”
“Because it’s funny.”
“That is disgusting,” Sam said, nose wrinkling.
“I could make a phone,” Reed muttered, put out.
Wanda laughed. “Seems like the obvious mark Captain America would leave.”
“It’s too late for this,” Tony complained.
Steve’s eyes widened. “Um. Thank you?”
Steve could hear Tony suck in a breath. “Well, you know, he’s just. Um. Like that. Sometimes.”
Steve grinned at him. “I really am.”
Steve laughed lightly. “Okay, okay. Um. Strange came by with some magic stuff?”
. They needed to talk about this. Didn’t they? They did. For sure, they did. They
“Everyone likes you,” Tony retorted. “You’re Captain America.”
Sue snapped her fingers and pointed at Ben. “The man’s right. Let’s keep the bad guy admiring to a minimum.”
Tony reached out to lightly tug at Steve’s brightly colored sweater. “You could just ask, soldier.”
GertRUDE @FarLeftDinoFem * 9m
“You think Spidey found his?” Bucky asked, looking at Natasha. “I mean, talk about a problem outfit.”
Pepper slapped his hand away. “Do
“I bet you’d like new body armor,” Tony said.
Steve looked up, trying to catch Tony’s gaze, but Tony was staring wide-eyed at Steve’s palm. His mouth was slightly open. He seemed frozen in place.
“What’s the freaking point?” Sam asked, shaking his head. “These are blackout windows, idiot.”
“You’re welcome.”
[__]     < >     <3  1
“Pepper!”
“Yes, Mr. Stark.”
[__]  1     < >     <3  1
[__]  1     < >     <3
“Clearly not! At least, not skin-to-skin, which is what really matters, isn’t it?”
That stopped Steve in his tracks. He felt his mind slow down, trying to process what that could mean. It sounded like a rejection. Like a warning that he was going to be turned down. Everyone said that Tony wanted him, but maybe everyone was wrong?
It was early enough on a weekday that the park wasn’t that crowded with ordinary denizens going about their day. Instead, the area was jam-packed with reporters. Every news station sent at least two people—one reporter and one cameraman. Or camerawoman. Steve wasn’t entirely sure on the proper phrasing there. In addition, newspapers always sent their own reporters and photographers. Plus, Steve had noticed a trend of younger people coming out and making their own recordings with cell phones and other small devices. New York City was a place full of different types of people who all preferred different ways of getting their news. He didn’t mind being as open as possible to get the facts to everyone who wanted to hear them.
Tony nodded as he stood up and unbuttoned his pants. “Turn the lights off when you get back.”
GertRUDE @FarLeftDinoFem * 13m
Hulk cleared out the sewers and turned back into Bruce, who ended up waving down Steve and saying he was heading back to the Tower to calm down and change. Steve passed the info on to Tony, who in turn let Steve know that Spider-Man and Daredevil were helping out—though he didn’t have any info on the specifics. Quicksilver was still nowhere to be found.
Okay, he hadn’t actually meant it. He mentally took it back.
Tony thought he’d be more distracted by Steve’s presence, but he ended up feeling more relaxed than he had in a while. Steve was comforting to him. Even though Tony knew there was no chance of them being together, he still had a deep-rooted sense of calm when the other man was near. Probably one of the reasons they worked so well together was just how much Tony trusted him. He figured it ran both ways, since Steve parked himself in the workshop to create his art a few times a week.
Peter had left. Saying he had to go, he was sorry, something had come up, really, he was so sorry. Johnny had to let him go. It had taken five weeks before he’d seen Spider-Man again, but then he’d gotten to meet Peter, so it was worth it.
“See, now he’s picturing it.” Rhodey nodded. “It was great.”
“What, no Rhodey?” Tony asked, a bit miffed. “He was just here this morning.”
“I would,” Tony whispered, “but I don’t want to.”
“Oh, no, I’m fine,” Steve reassured, eyes darting between Tony’s face and his hand on Steve’s knee.
“That was last week. I thought he’d get back to me before now.” Tony’s shoulders sagged. “I probably shouldn’t have let it wait this long.” He shook his head. “Well, too late now. I need to find the perfect gift that will make him realize he one hundred percent should have already said yes to me, but that I’m still willing to accept a yes anyway.” Tony held up his phone, pointing to a picture of an incredibly overpriced lingerie set. “Which is
“If I could tell you, I would! Obviously!” Johnny grit his teeth and began walking to the door. “Whatever, I’m out.”
Tony’s eyes sparkled with humor. “Oh, yeah. You know me. Huge patriot. Love that American spirit.”
“I’m choking,” Clint retorted, “on all this repression.”
“It’s quite pricey.” Tony scrolled down the page, inspecting the variety of colors. “And there’s more than ten color choices. That’s pretty good.”
“Sure, but that doesn’t mean people aren’t curious.” Bucky paused before he looked at Steve critically. “And you marked his face.”
Tony laughed. “I didn’t know you called Cassie.”
Tony slowed down, taking his time flying back to Avengers Tower. “I think Clint was right,” he mused.
“But it’s so public,” he continued. “Don’t you wish you had more privacy?”
Pulling a chair out, Steve sat down next to Tony and smiled at him. “It’s polite to ask.”
“You don’t care about that,” Tony scoffed.
Steve stared at him.
“But—”
Cassie shrugged. “I said I’d do it. I just—”
“—not the first time an Avengers press conference has been interrupted by protestors, but this time it appears the man is complaining about damage to his store. We don’t have the entire situation yet, but—oh my God!”
“Oh. Sure.”
Steve ran a hand down his face, overwhelmed by this back-and-forth. “All right. That’s in the past. We should focus on what’s going on now.” He took a deep breath. “You said you weren’t ready to start a relationship.”
Steve I will punch you [9:05 pm]
“I do,” Johnny quickly reassured. “Like. A crazy amount.”
Tony got up off the chair, turning around and walking away, back to the far end of his workshop. “I don’t know what to tell you, Steve. I really don’t.”
“Oh.” Steve took a slow drink of his milkshake. “Well. Okay, what do you want to know?”
Tony nodded and drank some cider so he wouldn’t say something stupid in reply.
“It’s over, Tony,” Wanda sighed as she shook her head.
“Oh my fucking God,” Johnny muttered, walking around the chair due to lack of having any other response.
Pepper sighed. “Tony.”
The mirror didn’t lie. His soulmark was… everywhere. It really completely took over his face. And Tony was quite fond of his face. It was strange to look at his face and not recognize it. Weird beyond explanation. He had a sudden urge to clean the mirror. His brain was just
Johnny shrugged, unwilling to say anything that might paint Peter in a bad light.
Steve held up a hand. “Oh, sorry, I just assumed.” He smiled kindly. “Husband, then. I didn’t see a ring. Sorry about that.”
“This is inspirational! Truly a great day!”
“Anyway,” Bucky groaned in a clear attempt to change the subject, “do you know how difficult it is for superheroes to find their soulmates?” He pulled his hair back and began tying it in a ponytail. “All our costumes have gloves. Gloves! Why did we ever think that was a good idea?”
[9:03 pm] I shouldn’t push my feelings onto him.
His fantasies had ranged from the mundane—passing Steve some innocuous thing, the tips of their fingers touching—to the extreme—giving Steve CPR and having their marks on their lips, showing off that life-saving kiss for the rest of their lives. And in each of them, Tony had been ecstatic about finally getting Steve’s soulmark. In all his imaginations, he always knew he was meant to be with Steve—that not having Cap’s soulmark yet was just a fluke. Some type of mistake that fate was going to correct when the time was right.
Pepper raised a hand to silence him. “How many times have I saved you, at this point?”
RAINBOWS @majesticdean * 32m
“Nah, don’t go there,” Sam said, lightly punching Steve’s bicep. “You guys didn’t really get a chance.”
Sam slapped his hand on his forehead.
“I did. You seemed like you didn’t care.”
Tony put his elbows up on the table and brought his milkshake closer. “You’re a romantic. I knew it. I
“Excuse me!”
@ChaseChaseChase DUH CHASE DUUHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
[__]  25     < >  19     <3  145
Reed looked at Tony, getting back to the point. “Your bots share some similarities with previous models Doom has used. But there are some discrepancies. It could be that he’s branching out into different versions of technology. It could also be a copycat.”
“Does this mean there will be a meeting of all New York’s heroes?”
“I wasn’t going to kill him.”
After a few seconds of tense silence, Steve’s voice sounded heavy as he asked, “Is it really that bad to be my soulmate?”
“No need. Looks like the Avengers are already on it.” Johnny pointed out a message from Iron Man.
“Yeah?”
kiss because it
Additional ships: Bucky/Natasha, Clint/Bobbi, Carol/Rhodey/Wanda/Vision, Reed/Sue/Namor, Matt/Foggy, Nico/Karolina, Chase/Gert, Valkyrie/Nakia, Erik/Charles. More to be added!
time for a New Year’s Resolution!”
Foggy cleared his throat. “Hey, Matt! I’m over here!” When Captain America looked his way, Foggy waved at him—forgetting that he was holding a frappuccino and immediately spilling it over his hand. “Shit,” he fervently cursed. Looking up quickly, he seemed panicked. “Uh, sorry! I meant, uh, shoot nuggets!”
Peter shrugged. “Okay?”
Steve scoffed. “Tony. Of
3: Steve never went out on dates.
“Ready to go?” Tony asked.
“Wow. It really is all over his face,” Bucky said, surprised.
“Just a few holes,” Tony repeated. “That’s what you call this?” He moved his hands up and down the War Machine suit, indicating the four giant impact craters left from missiles launched directly at his best friend.
“There,” Steve murmured. “That definitely counts as a kiss, right?”
Steve rubbed his forehead. “Shit, Buck. I can’t believe I never touched him before.”
“How can you be sure?”
“Speaking of communication,” Steve said, sitting up straighter as a sudden thought hit him. “Where
Bucky flicked Steve’s elbow. “Stop it. You’ll make yourself nuts thinking that way.”
community faces. This doesn’t even begin to touch on the physical violence and hate crimes they endure, which is a topic best left 5/?
Castle nodded. “Fine. Drop it off at this address.” He listed off a building that F.R.I.D.A.Y. recorded and informed him was an abandoned lot. “I’ll pick it up tomorrow.”
“Tony,” Steve replied, smiling back. “This is a room that only has a huge television and several couches in it. It’s very clearly a television room.”
Tony had touched him this morning. Their hands had definitely brushed against each other when Steve was handing out breakfast. He was sure of it. Absolutely
Matt’s steps faltered. “He should be here somewhere,” he said, now even more cautious about keeping up appearances in front of
“You’re a slippery guy, Parker.” Jameson took a long inhale of his cigar, which he really wasn’t supposed to be smoking inside. “I don’t like that.”
“Because you asked me to give you time.” Sometimes he needed to mix tact with honesty.
Steve cleared his throat. “Unstable? We just flew here. It wasn’t safe?”
“All over your face?”
GertRUDE @FarLeftDinoFem * 25m
Namor crossed his arms, glaring at Johnny. “If this man is to be a prince of Atlantis, I must meet him. He must be deemed worthy. A difficult feat for one so cowardly.”
Tony held onto his temper, remembering what this was for. “Not at all! I’ll have it there by the end of the day.”
“That’s really impressive.” Steve eyed the process with interest.
“All the more reason I should cover this,” Steve insisted.
Matt’s breath huffed out in a quiet laugh. “Come on, Fog. I think I can handle some snow.”
“This is great.” Steve moved closer to inspect the screen. “Can we get a copy of this?”
Tony was bent over one of his worktables, head nodding along to whatever rock track he was currently enjoying. He stopped suddenly, looking annoyed. “F.R.I.D.A.Y, put my music back on.” Steve couldn’t hear a response, but obviously she had said something to him because the next moment had Tony looking up and over at Steve.
"I know, I know," Tony said, waving the little metal tweezers dismissively. "You're right; he'd be good at training people. Plus, he believes in being a part of something, like you two."
A lot of those two months after Steve had been shot were a grey blank in Tony's memory, anyway, the details fuzzier than he would have cared to admit, especially to Steve.
"You aren't good with cats," Sam observed. "Remember that time you kept your neighbor's cat for a week and it ran every time it saw you coming?"
But of course, this was Agatha. She had her own sources of information.
“You almost died,” he said, closing his eyes and fighting the impulse to hug Tony to him.  “Don’t do that again.”
Tony's smirk got broader, and Steve went on the attack, sweeping his feet out from under him with one well-placed kick. This time, Tony was ready for it, and hit the mat on his shoulder, rolling and coming up to one knee, then planting his hands against the mat and shoving himself back to his feet again.
Wanda shrugged slightly, feeling faintly guilty for no logical reason. "I know," she said, "but he's helped me gain more control. I needed that. Still need it," she corrected herself. Strange's ritual magic was more formal than the magic she was used to - her hex powers had always been much more intuitive, coming as they did from a mutation rather than years of study. Learning the principles and methods of ritual sorcery had increased her own control over her hex power by a measurable amount, though.
"Are you all right, Cap?" she asked. "I was trying to grab her, and then she just — where the hell did she go?"
"From Doom and other sorcerers who seek its power for selfish ends." Strange gestured at Wanda, as if the answer ought to have been obvious. For him, it probably was. "Wanda was seeking it for Chthon's ends, not her own."
He pulled his foot away from Tony's leg and sat up. "I thought we agreed that you wouldn't do this anymore."
The center of gravity for the armor was off again, not to mention the internal dimension. They'd needed to be scaled down slightly to accommodate the loss of five inches in height. Now, all the modifications Tony had made needed to be undone.
, whom Doom had to be itching to get his hands on.  Carol and Thor were hard to injure, nearly impossible to kill, she reminded herself.  Sin and Doom wouldn't have been able to capture them with mercenaries and Doombots.  And if she'd taken down Steve, Sin would want him chained up and at her mercy.  He'd have been here next to them, and Sin would be standing right there with the electrical cables and knives.
, he meant.
"Well, obviously, but..." Carol shook her head sharply, then turned to Strange. "Why can't you do it?" she asked bluntly.
And Thor had tried to be happy for him.
Steve turned his empty shot glass upside-down and set it on the floor, pointedly not drinking.
Tony hadn't mentioned that aspect when Thor had finally gotten an explanation out of him.  Don wasn't sure whether it was touching, or disturbing — maybe both.  What he was sure of was that he didn't have either the energy or the inclination to discuss this with Hank right now.  His leg hurt, he felt cold and slightly sick, and he really wanted to lie down.  "Great, so you only created a murderous monster by accident while trying to play god.  Why does that sound familiar?"  It would have been a thundering denunciation a few months ago, fueled by Thor's anger as well as his own, but at the moment, Thor was too busy being angry at both Loki and himself to have anything left over for Hank.
Wanda smiled back, a little wanly, but still recognizably like the woman – the friend – Tony remembered. Even tired and haunted, wearing the drab clothing that was all she'd brought back from Europe, and with the ridiculous-looking tattoos he knew lurked under her gloves, she was still Wanda.
Jan snorted. "Since when has that stopped you? You took your secretary to it last year."
Sin stepped forward, hooking one toe under the shaft of the spear and kicking it up to snatch it out of the air.  "I am chaos!" she shouted, empty, white eyes blazing.   "I was there before time began, and when the last star in the universe has crumbled to dust, I will remain.   Cower before me, mortal, and perhaps I will let you live."
The woman gave him a harried smile, and turned to pull one of her children away from a piece of sculpture. "No, sweetie. Don't touch that."
If the first book had been based on Carol's time with the Starjammers... "Let me guess," Clint stepped in front of Carol and swung the door open with his free hand, "the evil warlord has an even more evil son who's gonna get his."
Steve stared flatly at him, folding his arms across his chest. He had no illusions that he had any ability to 'save' Tony, if indeed he needed saving - past events were proof enough of that.
"Like someone else," Steve said, lamely. He couldn't quite bring himself to tell Tony that he looked beautiful; he clearly wasn't enjoying his stint as a woman, no matter how well he was handling it, and telling him that would just be rubbing it in.
"Isn't that the city councilman who wants to ban feeding pigeons?" Sam's voice was dry. "You think we should go rescue Tony?"
More like witchcraft. Like the spell Agatha had shown her to make her own womb conceive when she shouldn't have been able to.
Steve brought his shield up, and realized just as he felt the first bullet hit it that he had no idea where the ricochets would go. "Scarlet Witch-" he shouted.
Steve winced, looking away from the all-too-graphic reminder of how many times Tony had nearly died. When he looked back, Tony had attached a cable to the exposed surface of the metal device, and was plugging the other end into the wall socket.
"So," Tony said conversationally, "how long were you standing there listening to us?"
"Are you sure about this?" Wanda asked, for what had to be at least the third time. She had watched Jan's transformation of Tony in silence, offering only the occasional comment, but Tony appreciated the gesture of solidarity.
"You asked," Tony pointed out. He felt exposed and cold in his unbuttoned shirt, now that there were two people here to stare at him - not that Hank was looking, anymore - and began buttoning it up again. He didn't need to stand around looking like he'd just finished a night of debauchery and then decided to put on his male lover's clothing.
"Oh, she's that, too." Bucky made a face. "She really enjoys torturing people. Really, really enjoys it. Most people don't, not really, or if they do, it's the power they enjoy, not the opportunity to lick somebody else's blood off their fingers."
Steve stepped carefully around his upturned shield, then stopped, an idea striking him, and bent down to flip it over, so that it was convex, the smooth surface dully reflecting the faint light from the window.
"What the hell is wrong with you?" The words burst out of Sharon, sharp-edged. "You
He’d have to be satisfied with that.
He would see this rectified.  Thor examined the golden ring that lay in the center of his palm; so small a thing to seem so ominous.  Loki had sworn that it had the power to summon her, that all he need do was hold it and speak her name thrice.
The man with the cellphone was crying, too; she could hear it in his voice.
"Whenever he gets done with that reporter he was supposed to meet today. Janet Van Dyne grabbed him as soon as he came in the door; you just missed him, actually." She nodded at the corner of a suitcase that was just visible on the other side of the desk.
"Pepper's going to help Jan organize it and send out invitations," Tony said, his voice dry. "Happy wants me to... okay, Happy's suggestions are actually good, but that doesn't mean this isn't going to be the most embarrassing experience of our lives."
It hadn't been her.
"Redwing and Patton won't go near it," he said.
"I did, didn't I?" Steve said, grinning slowly. He crossed the room in three long strides, and then he was sitting balanced on the arm of Tony's chair, facing him, an arrangement that made him a full head taller than Tony, instead of the usual couple of inches.
The door swung inward before his fingers had even touched the polished brass, to reveal Strange, standing several steps back from the entrance. The narrow, Victorian hallway was dark, wreathing Strange in dramatic shadows; Tony suspected it was intentional.
ooOOoo
Tony wobbled on his feet, leaning on Steve's shoulder. "Just get me to a power outlet and I'll be fine."
There was a long pause, while Tony stood there and dynamically didn't take the armor off.
"Really stupid?" Tony finished.
Tony didn't turn around. "Don't stand this close to me when I'm working with hot metal. You're not wearing any safety goggles."
"You would." Wanda turned a page in her book, and Steve switched his attention to the book shelves, searching futilely for something he hadn't already read that wasn't an engineering manual. There were hundreds of books in here, from Howard Stark's old tomes on economics to a handful of books in Transian that were either Wanda's or Pietro's, brought with them when they had first joined the team. There was an entire shelf devoted to Dashell Hammett and Raymond Chandler, for Vision, and half a shelf of bright green bound volumes of the American Journal of Biochemistry that had to be Hank's. They ought to send those to the west coast. The extensive collection of studies on arthropods, too, but there was a chance some of those were Scott Lang's.
less power to operate.
Tony kept staring at Peter. "You need to leave," he repeated, voice hoarse and desperate.
he went on, musingly.
He met Tony's eyes, and managed to summon up a smile. "Tell him we'll talk to Ben Urich or Robbie Robertson," he said to Peter. "Nobody else."
"Damn," she said. "Could one of you guys punch that hole in the door a little bigger? We're going to need to get a lot of stretchers up here."
They'd have to get in a very long line first. Hank resisted the temptation to point out that that wasn't exactly an incentive to come back, letting Rhodes continue uninterrupted.
Agatha raised her eyebrows, her eyes in their nest of wrinkles suddenly sharp. "What does Stephen think?"
"We better," Tony said. The armor's mechanically synthesized voice sounded nearly the same as always, but not quite. Jan wasn't sure she would have noticed it if she hadn't been on a team with Tony for years, but it sounded slightly lighter, as if the voice it was distorting were higher pitched than before. "I have a board meeting next Tuesday."
"Yeah, he's downstairs playing doctor. Well, being a doctor, I guess. He stitched up my leg."
Steve reached down and took hold of Tony's wrists, gently but firmly pulling his hands away and lowering them to Tony's sides. "Don't move," he ordered, pressing Tony's hands against the floor for a moment. "You're not going anywhere."
Mjolnir came flying at Sin's head so quickly that Steve didn't hear the whistle of the air parting around it until she had already blocked it.
If he was lucky, maybe none of the reporters would recognize him.
"A partial one, anyway. He's getting it ready now."
"I'm fine," Tony said shortly. "Well, I'm not hurt, anyway."
"You're not seriously marrying Loki."  The very idea was ridiculous, not the least because she couldn't think of anything about it that benefited Loki, aside from the ability to maneuver Doom like a pawn against her enemies, which she would probably be able to do anyway.  Who in their right mind would want to marry Doom?
fine. Steve had learned to tell the difference between Tony actually being calm and in control, and Tony forcing a false smile and faking it.
Which was not an experience Steve was going to forget any time soon. The memory of Tony's nearly naked body made it much more difficult not to forgive him, but after everything that had happened... Tony could have the physique of a Greek god, and it still would have had no impact on Steve's ability to trust him, which he couldn't do anymore. Not now that he knew the lengths to which Tony was prepared to go to accomplish a goal. At least not until Tony explained why, exactly, he felt those lengths were necessary.
"Colonel James Rhodes," Steve amplified. "I know Tony said he'd tell you when and if we located him, but there's no trace—"
Still no sign of anything except water and fog.
It was a relief to shed the armour and change into a clean tee and jeans, but there was no ignoring the realisation that this was no longer home. But Stark Tower hadn't felt like home, either, without Pepper and Steve.
He'd deal with everything else later. Much later.
"Who do you think you are, telling me what to do?" Pepper yelled back. "You're insufferable, Tony Stark."
Steve had so far kept silence, because Bruce seemed to have a better handle on defusing Tony's anger than he did and he was reluctant to put the tender shoots of his partnership with Iron Man in jeopardy. If Tony could react with such anger to the man who he'd allowed to keep the stolen War Machine armour, despite the ever-present danger of that technology being accessed by people he undoubtedly – and correctly – mistrusted, he might also react badly to what sounded like criticism from someone he'd known for so short a time. But the other man's pain was all too evident, and he could no longer stand idly by. "Tony, have you thought this out?" he asked tentatively. "Rhodes was between a rock and a hard place. He didn't have a choice."
Tony grinned. "Yes. Nor that you were a gorgeous tall blonde. He knows my type. Are you and he--?" He waved his hands, "Because, you know, I don't poach..."
"You might wish to reconsider to whom you should ascribe that particular sentiment," T'Challa observed, earning himself a poke in the ribs with a gun barrel by one of the mercenaries flanking him. Hatut Zeraze spears were suddenly lowered, but raised again at a gesture from Hunter.
"Not that I recall."
At least the suit computer had warned him to close his eyes when he had fired the unibeam at full power.
"I assure you we are well prepared," Tony responded, filing away the 'monarch' for future reference.
It seemed like hours before cold, murky air replaced cold, muddy water.
Tony lifted their joined hands to his lips and kissed Steve's knuckles. "No, I trust you not to let me let it happen. And I might be imagining the whole thing."
Then multitudes consolidated into one – no, wait, two? – and he was whole in a way he had never been, but without any chance to rejoice or to analyse what was happening to him, he was spinning through time and space, dragging the fragile connection with him...
Steve was reminded, not for the first time, that it was only a few days since he himself had returned from Asgard.
With a growl of annoyance, he shoved back the bedcovers, and groaned. Every muscle he had was creaking and his chest, already constricted by the ARC reactor, ached with every breath.
Tony still didn't know who had taken charge of the prisoners and didn't really care. He did know that an APB had gone out for the vigilante – whose name turned out to be Frank Castle – but no one seemed in the least hopeful about catching him.
Tony pushed himself into a sitting position and his face twisted in pain, overwhelming Steve in another wave of guilt. "Jarvis? Better put Thor through, before he gets impatient and calls Heimdall. You got a tablet or laptop in here, Steve?"
Steve had a hand up, signalling to Tony to stay back as he flung himself through the hole and into a shoulder roll across the hard packed earth. Coming to a crouch, he signalled to Tony to follow him.
"I remember you telling me that even his secrets have secrets."
And the Hulk leaped, not at Tony and Jan, but into the temple. The two men dropped Steve and ran towards the blue light.
"Jarvis, shields on full power." Even as he spoke Tony was throwing up his hands, palms outward, repulsors flaring, spinning in mid-air as he tried to counter all of the incoming saws? cutters? dissectors?
"Not a chance, Fury. The attempts to steal my tech and to capture Captain America are amateur. You can tell whoever's behind it to stop, or face the consequences. Which will involve repulsor blasts and missiles."
"Not," Tony said, nipping at the base of his neck.
"All the same, as a precaution, evacuate the remaining staff except the building engineers. From them I want a full structural integrity check right now."
Natasha made a hissing noise of exasperation. "Stark, I am trying to warn you here. There are powerful people in Washington, not to mention Moscow, London, Beijing, Brussels, Berlin and Tokyo and most other cities you can think of, who regard both you and Steve as traitors and more shadowy people behind them who seem to want the science of both Captain America and Iron Man – and probably the Hulk too – in their hands. Surely you've found that much out from the White House computers?"
Steve sat up abruptly and flung the covers aside.
"Yeah. All hunky-dory," Steve sounded harassed but at least he was alive. "Widow, do not, repeat not engage hand to hand. Once down, these... things... explode. Hawkeye, use long range weapons only."
Perhaps that was why he had spent so much time with Steve, who was desperately grateful for even this short break in his isolation.
"Undoubtedly, but it wasn't you they were after, Cap. That trap was meant for me. So you being here isn't gonna make a difference." Tony was somehow now beside him with a hand on his shoulder, though he didn't try to push. Steve could almost see him making the calculation: this is Captain America. I can't manhandle him. Better try words instead. "You saved me yesterday, Cap. The least I can do is offer you sanctuary for a while. Now, come on, back to bed. Please, because if you fall over I'm going to need to change into the armour to lift you."
He crushed panic. Life without Pepper was not something he was ready to tackle just yet – maybe never.
Steve did as suggested and found it acceptable. He even thought he might get to like it.
"Maria Stark foundation." Iron Man opened the transporter, extracted a box, and put it on the ground at Selvig's feet. "This is the remains of one end of a teleportational portal, apparently built by someone on Earth. When it's working, it's frighteningly familiar; you know, disco blue, lots of swirling, sticking its tongue out at us, yadda yadda. You probably have the best chance of figuring out how it works since you got to grips with the Tesseract."
Though it would probably be safer.
"You won't have to. He only agreed to do it if Jarvis and I disguised him as the Hulk. I've told you before: he has no intention of being a superhero."
"Interesting," Xavier said. "Because this is what I saw in your memory."
"Did he—? Fuck, no. He told me to seize the day, sorta. But he's not human, Steve, and he doesn't know either of us, not really. I doubt he understands what 'playboy' means, or the things I've done to earn the rep as a fuck and forget kinda guy."
His mind raced through the entire journey, going over the details of the last few days, dwelling on the mistakes that had cost him so much, what he might have done to prevent them, and the possible consequences of those actions. There was also a future to face in which he had to acknowledge that he had lost Steve, and to try to locate Bruce, to hope against hope that Thor would return, to keep anyone else from being killed, to accelerate the growth of Stark Energy using T'Challa's priceless gift and, most pressing of all, to do what he had promised Fury, and make sure SHIELD's informant at Stark Industries would be of no further use.
"I am sorry, sir. I cannot do that at this time."
Tony nodded. "I already am."
"Loki." Selvig said it with deep hatred. "Both he and the Tesseract are better off Earth." He frowned. "So would— Did Thor take Loki's staff with them too?"
Steve's hands were suddenly on his shoulders, pulling him round so they were face to face. And close. So close.
Tony stood in the parking lot of the Stark Industries complex, now shared with Stark Energy and Stark Special Projects, watching the contrails spread and cross and fade. The last of his designated engineers had flown out in the last hour, some on commercial flights from Sea-Tac, others on rented aircraft from Boeing Field. If anyone had been watching for departures from the Stark-Seattle airfield they were going to be disappointed. So were government agents (and others) searching for the power units containing the natural vibranium cores that would bring the ARC generators to life – and more – in key sites around the world. Those were in the repulsor-powered transporters, masked by stealth technology and piloted by Jarvis. Both transporters and the units themselves were keyed to each installation engineer's fingerprints and retinal patterns. It should keep the technology – and the engineers – safe.
"We came in first chance we had," Jan said, her voice quiet and soothing. Ignoring Tony's attempts to wave her aside, she helped him take off the gauntlets. "We'd been sitting on that damn airstrip for hours with no sign of you or Steve or any human life, though ants were reporting lots of humans to Hank. Even after you'd contacted Jarvis, we couldn't find you. Then, suddenly, everything changed and there were
There was an expression on Tony's face that Steve had never seen before, except on Looney Tunes characters hit by falling anvils. Then he pulled himself together. "Okay. I guess we'd better try and find our way out of here – though I'd be wary of anything Dad had marked 'Exit'."
"Sir, there is an unknown and dangerous force building—" Jarvis began. Then the clouds exploded into a dark tunnel laced with rainbows.
Yes, he was on the shoreline, he decided, crushing the thought that this might be an island. But it wasn't an exactly helpful shoreline, and there was no way he could get ashore at this point.
Tony caught his breath. He had seen something similar not that long ago and half the world away—
"Or that you almost
Tony had raised the Iron Man faceplate and was examining Steve with anxious brown eyes. "Everyone's fine, if still asleep. Not that there were many originally. It's the off-season, remember. Only three suites were occupied, excluding us. A dozen staff. Between me and the fire-fighters – mainly me – they're all out and safe. And the sprinklers dealt with the fire, though you can't stop fire-fighters letting loose with the hoses, particularly when they've got such a ready water source. It's pretty much out though the top floor's a mess, mainly from the water. The bill for this one is gonna be a doozy."
Storm was watching him with amusement. "They aren't telling us fly-boys who built it, either, Mr Stark. It's all on the QT."
"On a rescue mission on the other side of the continent," Steve replied, as Jan landed on his shoulder and grew until she was about six inches in height. He grinned at her. "And this is the Wasp, another member of the Avengers. Now, can we all put the guns away and you explain why you tried to land that monstrosity in Stark's grounds without filing a flight plan? She didn't file a flight plan, did she, Jarvis?"
"Then Plan A had better work, hadn't it?"
Lightning struck – and in its light Tony could see figures materialising on the beach. Even as the light faded, waves crashed about them, then abruptly retreated, leaving them untouched, darker shadows against an angry wall of sea, battering at nothingness.
"I quote one Anthony Edward Stark, 'There is always a plan B.'"
"And I thought she was pumping him for Stark."
"There's a faint trace of gamma radiation," Iron Man said, "and the explosion has done nothing for the building's structural integrity – and damn it, Cap, stay away from that hole because I'd rather carry you down than see you end up splat on the hangar floor."
This time the Ancient One's smile was wide and real. "Indeed. I am looking forward to hearing the whole story."
"And that would also be a first."
Jane Foster's voice, at a distance, cried, "Wait! Thor..." This was followed by kissing noises, then silence, then Dr Foster's voice again: "He's gone. You know, it never occurred to me that he would be able to do anything against something that big or I'd have asked him to go myself."
Tony whirled to face him. "You're very free with my name when you haven't told us yours," he said coldly. "Who the hell are you, mystery man?"
"If they can get a word in edgewise," Clint retorted.
"Banner. Stark," Fury's voice said. "We need to debrief. Wait here. Where's Rogers?"
"The source is in California," he said.
"You don't trust him," Steve said, and it didn't sound like a question.
"He likes to pass the Turing test with everyone he meets," Tony said. "I think it boosts his ego."
"Talking to Ms Potts," Jarvis said,
"No, Tony. But next time I go for a run I'll take my shield."
"If there really was a leak it would be my problem. But there isn't." Fury took a step towards him, hand outstretched. When he spoke, his voice was soft. "You're going to have to come in, Tony, sooner or later. You can't keep the Iron Man, or the Arc reactor tech to yourself."
It was that moment that a normally welcome voice spoke into his ear. "What's goin' on, Tones?"
"My mother used to say that, and she was a nurse," Steve said. "Of course, it may just have been the sort of thing you say to kids. But why risk it? Come on, Tony, sit."
"I have done so, sir. I do not think she believes me."
Tony winced. "Override. Put me through to Steve instead."
He didn't even have to make an effort – there were already half a dozen women hanging with him right now, letting him buy them drinks and trying to get his attention. All he had to decide was which one – or maybe two – to take home with him.
"If Thor was wrong I'm gonna confiscate his hammer."
Steve's hand gently rubbed the small of his back in reassurance and Tony almost groaned aloud. Biting the inside of his cheek in an attempt at control, he said, "Well, we were out of touch when Thor and Steve arrived, which was kind of a shock. I had to take care of both of them – Steve was – is – still recovering from being, you know, dead and Thor needed food and beer and Jane – he's gone to see her now and after that I fell asleep and then I sorta forgot..."
"Are you accusing me of releasing that thing? In a major city? You know better than that, Stark."
It wasn't by any means a new feeling but, despite all his efforts to dismiss it, it was growing stronger by the day.
Tony looked about him. "You know this is voluntary, don't you? You could be flying into danger?"
"I am very familiar with arrogance," Thor added.
It had swiftly become clear when they had started their journey that neither of the Starks intended that they would be followed. The private jet – and he shouldn't have known what a jet was, either – had taken off without them, heading for the other side of the country. Instead, he and Tony had jumped into the back of a truck, which they had exited at a gas station forty minutes later. The SUV had been waiting for them in a lot some ten minutes walk away.
"Steve," Steve said, quickly. He inclined his head. "Professor."
"Fifty-four minutes, sir."
"I don't know." Howard was frowning. "Some of those moves..." He shook his head. "I don't suppose Steve remembers where and how he learned to fight using techniques that didn't really impact on the west until the 1960s."
He was rising into Tony's eyes.
"I agree," Okoye said, "but neither of us are members of the Panther tribe, Captain."
"At this time in the morning? I am talking to Tony Stark, right? And only Tony Stark?"
"I am Jarvis, sir, an artificial intelligence that runs Mr Stark's households, workshops and his other ... machines. Yes, I have been watching you, as instructed by Mr Stark, but you may be assured of my discretion. I have no motives except following Mr Stark's orders."
But Tony was grinning as he pulled him over to the long seat beneath the curve of window. Steve went willingly. Between relief and desire he would have done anything for Tony at this moment.
Tony's eyes were focused on him with an intensity that should have made Steve uncomfortable but, instead, gave him a strange warm feeling in the pit of his stomach. "Why are you here, Cap?" he asked.
Steve rose to his feet, not the bait. "I don't get this, Tony," he said. "Despite what you say, there's nothing here to steal. And I didn't see any disturbed graves."
"And dangerous? I am aware of that. But I am shocked, so shocked, that you thought I couldn't evade surveillance, I really am." The complex evasion strategy had been necessary against SHIELD's advanced surveillance techniques, but, apparently, they weren't the only people watching him.
"They were going to kill Bucky!" Steve shouted.
It was, however, as the truck bounced down the ramp behind the earth wall of the strangely intact barn on the deserted farm and into the tunnel beyond that Steve suddenly burst into delighted laughter.
"Yeah. Take evasive action and yell for help. Also, avoid flying into any teleportation portals." Iron Man held out his arm and Steve stepped into its circle, reaching for his handholds as Jarvis deployed the oxygen feed to close over his nose and mouth.
It was followed by shushing noises.
An old woman sat halfway down the steps, a small bowl on her knees. She was pounding at something in it with a wooden pestle, ignoring the crowd. She only raised her head for a moment as a group of men climbed the steps past her, headed by T'Challa and White Wolf walking side by side.
"I'm so glad to see you, Tin Man. Are you all right? Tap once for yes and twice for no."
"Jarvis! Once we're through, shields up!" Steve risked a glance behind him. There was no sign of any of the vehicles, or any of the men. But the helicopter – or whatever it was – was swinging in pursuit—
This must be a wide river or estuary – the latter almost certainly because of the salt in the water.
Okoye stared at him in surprise. "I had almost forgotten. Yes, you should go, and quickly. It will be at the vibranium mine – for all we know they are stealing our wealth even as we stand here."
The first questions were easily fielded. No, he had no idea where the beast had come from. He'd been visiting the research facility at Stark Air Specialists when the report had come in of the creature attacking a school bus in the Beacon Hill area – the driver had sensibly put his foot flat on the gas pedal and ignored traffic laws. Iron Man had arrived in time to divert its attention and then kill it. Yes, he had informed the authorities.
Tony groaned. He was both sticky with sweat and shivering with cold. His stomach ached and his lower gut was also protesting.
"I've known Jan a good deal longer than I've known Hank," Tony said reminiscently. "She was my special agent in mischief when I was sixteen and she was six. No one ever suspected her."
"No, sir."
"How long has this lasted?" the doctor asked.
"Something's happened to them," Steve said at last.
Thor's face lit up with a smile. He turned his head and spoke to someone Steve could not see: "He has returned to us."
"No. They wanted local. The hotel."
Did he normally drink alone like this?
This brought Tony's head up sharply. "Yes?"
"Jaygee? What the fuck was he doing with it?"
Steve, who had faced down Panzer tanks heading straight towards him, was almost knocked from his feet. Somehow, he managed to retain his balance while catching her up so that that force of her rush was, at least, dissipated.
It was infuriatingly sensible but he couldn't think of anything else to say right now. "Her resignation came about as a result of a – fuck it people, we broke up. My fault. I can't fix my personal relationship with Ms Potts but I don't see why the company should suffer because I'm an idiot with women."
Pepper's voice was rising. "I know better than to steal any of your beloved technology." She visibly calmed herself and added, in a quieter voice, "Besides, it belongs to Stark Industries and we only hand over things for cash."
"Naturally. She told me that the hard copies were printouts of computer files Hank had kept, though not necessarily updated, going back fifteen years, and continually moved from one system to the next. She wasn't sure where the original media was, but give her a couple of hours and she'd find the latest backups. I received an updated file less than an hour later. It took a little while to eliminate all the codes from the remaining samples, but I now know which one went missing."
The cloaking device, no doubt.
"Now you're prepared, boy scout. So get in there—aahhhh."
"Okay, okay, Mister-lives-with-a-fashion-designer."
"It wasn't a rocket," Storm protested. "And Reed had a Mechanical Engineering Masters."
"There is still an Avengers?" Again, the Panther sounded surprised.
Suddenly, two voices overrode the question, coming from the helmet speakers, fighting each other for recognition. "Sir, life signs—"
"You were asleep in the workshop at that time, sir. After that, there was no opportunity. The UN ambassadors had arrived and I was instructed to remain silent. After that you were out of contact. I assumed Captain Rogers had told you."
"Okay, Rhodey, spill it." Then, at Rhodes' pointed glance towards Steve, "You can say anything in front of him that you can in front of me. I hope you aren't AWOL from the Air Force Academy, that's all."
"Isn't that what the Avengers Initiative was meant to be?" Bruce asked dryly.
Tony put a hand on Steve's shoulder, squeezed it briefly, and then retreated to a bench in the sunlight, watching surreptitiously.
?" Steve sounded horrified.
"Is that how you got to be a – what was it Tony said? – an 'heiress, playgirl, biochemist and fashion designer'?"
"Has something gone wrong?" Steve demanded. "Are any of your distribution engineers in trouble?"
And the even more eccentrically clad figure of Maxwell Dillon (if it was Maxwell Dillon) blinked out of existence just as the shells should have struck him, then blinked back in again, sparks flashing across the knuckles of his hands.
Tony hated silence. "Yeah, our very own version of Lazarus. I've given up doubting Thor's godhood. Or at least his Mom's goddesshood—"
Natasha swore in Russian. "And you invited him for a drink?"
He concentrated hard on the voice, on the warm fingers gripping his arms, the strength that seemed to flow into him from them, the need...
"Virginia Potts indicated you were open to negotiation."
Jan's eyes had narrowed. Suddenly, she looked like the scientist she undoubtedly was. "We don't know. It worked beautifully on this—" She waved a hand at the glittering object laid out on the floor. "—which was living, sort of, though silicon-based. But the results of testing on lab animals haven't been so good. Sometimes they shrink out of sight and we never see them again, sometimes they shrink and shoot back to their normal size – or, occasionally, larger – within seconds. What's really worrying is that the more intelligent the creature, the more likely something is to go wrong. Luckily, we don't have any primates, and I won't let Hank go looking for stray dogs."
"These farm girls... 'I'm just a girl who cain't say no...'" he sang off-key.
He had warned her not to give this information to anyone else.
As he approached the research centre, a craft similar to the one T'Challa had used to rescue him and Steve from White Wolf's clutches rose to meet them, its lights blazing in the new darkness.
"He is nothing. But your soul has Darkness in it, witch. The other souls are mine."
"He will be," Jarvis said primly.
"Right at this moment I wish I knew," Tony admitted. "But, believe me, we mean no harm, whether we've been playing in our own timeline or not."
Equally suddenly, the shadowy shape of buildings in the murk flickered with light. From below, something exploded, sending earth and concrete and steel seething upwards, and the Tendring Tower slid down to meet it, as Thor seized Tony's wrist and propelled them up and up, out flying the fountain of debris.
Steve was still asleep, face buried in the pillows, covers pushed back to his waist. The scars on his back were beginning to disappear.
He rolled over, and his hand fell on Tony's hip. Instantly, Tony also shifted, and Steve's hand slid down – accidentally, of course accidentally – onto Tony's ass. Which felt wonderful. As did the thrill centring on his groin.
"Yeah. Yeah. I'm sure. I'm your best bet here. I've known Fury for years, and have been handling high-handed military yahoos for a lot longer. Though if you've got some sort of drug in that advanced pharmacy of yours that'll keep me alert for another twenty-four hours, I wouldn't refuse it."
"You took fucking poison. A triple fucking dose."
Steve hoisted White Wolf into a fireman's lift with casual ease, and jumped down from the walkway. "I don't care what they're called. We need to secure this trio and hide them."
"Jarvis, what the hell?"
"It is in the Iron Man suit," Tony said, releasing her. "I'm going to drop in on the boys and girls at Stark Air Specialists and see how they're getting on with my secret project."
But his mind had already jumped to another conclusion.
But Tony's kisses had moved down to his mouth and nothing else really mattered.
panicking!" Tony snarled. "I can handle this."
"You bet, kiddo."
"Yes, I did it myself, but—"
"You could be in danger," Tony protested.
"You are alive," Tony whispered. "I didn't—
"Where was he assigned?"
"The eye."
"This one has not been rediscovered for over seventy years," Tony said. "It may see us out."
Suddenly reflections of a blue white arc shone on its polished stone walls and faint voices could be heard below, in the temple itself. A finger to his lips to warn Okoye, he strained to hear the words.
Steve felt the heat rise into his face, but he nodded, once, and if the car's driving line wavered at that point, it could just have been that Tony had taken his eyes from the road.
Hank nodded. "We need to go over my results together, Tony. Mechanical life is a quite astonishing achievement, though the Chitauri aren't so different from humans if the first thing they do with it is build In weaponry."
"Thank God!" Sending his armour back to its niche in the Armoury, but keeping one of the gauntlets, with its palm repulsor, in place, Tony hurried into the house.
"But not about Pepper."
What had Cap said? That this was Howard's secret base?
"Well, Nat, I really didn't think you'd call me to discuss the weather but, you know, we can—"
"It's—"
Tony couldn't argue with that, much as he wanted to. Instead, he moved on. "Even if Jarvis can get an indication of where they were keeping the War Machine armour it doesn't mean that Rhodey's there, or even that he's still alive," he said. He shook his head. "I want to go looking for him, Steve."
"Probably."
Hennis dropped to the floor, but Tony threw himself straight at the red, white and blue clad figure, passing right through it and on through the already-closing elevator doors. He went to his knees as the car shot upwards.
"Yeah. I came off the road because Dr Selvig wrenched the wheel round when he saw a big blue glowing circle right in the road in front of us."
"And on whom you have not the slightest claim. If Captain America isn't dead then, wherever he is, you imprisoned him illegally and I'd advise him to sue you for every cent you have. As for Mr Stark's friend, he makes no claim to be Captain America, and we do not do so on his behalf."
But something, some impulse that he could not fight, drew him back to the shore, where a red and gold robot was falling from the sky, its eyes glowing white, as were the palms of its hands and the soles of its feet.
Tony has unexpected visitors.
He was not sure, right at this moment, if it had been worth it.
Hovering at five hundred feet, Iron Man and Captain America surveyed the wreckage, watching as the SWAT team poked, with apparent impunity, at the jumble of stone, concrete, steel and glass.
He said, "We're being followed." Then, "Wow. We're in a spy movie."
Tony sighed in relief, though he kept it off the suit speakers. There was one more thing, something that Hill was unlikely to find important in the chaos of this evening, but something that had unexpectedly haunted him since the helicarrier fell.
. Mac got through on the landline, but it seems there are intermittent power outages and none of the generators are working properly."
The probable culprit was frowning at the tablet. "This is complicated stuff. I wish Bruce was here."
Fuck again. Bruce had no experience with Life Model Decoys and Steve had probably never seen one, or known he was seeing one if he had. But what on Earth had it been there for—oh. "Someone panicked."
T'Challa – at least Tony supposed it was T'Challa because he was in full Panther regalia, big cat mask and necklace of fangs included – was seated on a carved stool raised on a small dais, ringed by a semi-circle of generally older men and women in robes as richly-coloured as Tony's own.
His eyes moved to Okoye, who gave him a miniscule nod of encouragement.
"I'm at least three times as smart as my rep," Tony told him. "We take off in four hours."
Tony hesitated, thinking of the last time he had seen Thor, disappearing into the whirl of light with Tony's heart in his arms. "I've seen him," he said. "He was on Asgardian business – something about a god Odin had defeated and banished millennia ago – and he had to return to Asgard at once. Quick turn round."
But he was also all too aware that Quantum Theory could not be reconciled with Relativity, the infinitesimal with the infinite. On the levels humanity and galaxies existed, space and time were intertwined and measurable, while at quantum levels of size, neither appeared to exist.
As the truck jerked forward, Tony removed the Iron Man helmet and gauntlets and said, "You have the papers?"
Still, beggars couldn't be choosers.
With difficulty, he focused his attention back on what he could see of the road ahead. Which ended abruptly in a darkness rising up into the sky. The headlights glittered on a wall of vegetation. Tony and Steve both flinched when the SUV did not turn aside where the road did but roared onwards into the rampaging jungle... and continued to travel smoothly down a well-paved road. To the south-east, the rising sun illuminated the slopes of mountains which, damn it, hadn't been there before. In the dimness, Tony could now see graceful trees and ferns dripping over the edges of the road. Jarvis would know about this woodland – jungle? –; what it was called, what trees grew here, what animals roamed its depths, and the traditional uses of its plants. But, even if he still had his phone or tablet, the chances of wireless reception here were, to put it mildly, slim.
That did not take long, and then it was Tony's turn to leap across to the log. His jaw was set hard in a way Steve recognised, but he knew better than to say anything. T'Challa was plainly ready to catch him if he toppled, but Tony was plainly equally determined that he was going to prove himself capable of anything the king of Wakanda could throw at him and he traversed that gap and the improvised wharf successfully.
With his returning vision he saw that they were being put down a couple of feet from the doors.
"Fuck indeed," the lady involved said, proving that he had underestimated her hearing. "Captain, this gun will not let me fire it."
"What do you take us for?"
"Jesus." Steve was beginning to realise just how deeply Tony had been betrayed in the past. Pepper's was probably the final straw. It would be amazing if he had any capacity for trust left.
"Because the Attorney General is hand in glove with the Pentagon over the copyright lawsuits. He's been consulted on the attempts to seize the ARC reactor technology too, though the main mover there is the White House Chief of Staff, who's been bought off by Roxxon Oil," Natasha explained. "Do you really think we were wasting our time in Washington, Stark?"
Tony looked down at the face that appeared a moment later and frowned. It was familiar but not immediately identifiable. "I'm not— Oh, wait. Of course. It's Coulson's grandfather. At least, that's who he said he was at the funeral. Whether or not that's true, I had him tagged as an agent, for SHIELD or for something military. But turns out I'm not good at spotting those. Not even when I'm living with one."
Satisfied, Steve thought back to their arrival at the cemetery. What had actually happened? He didn't think there had been any other embarrassing moments, but...
The Panther shrugged. "Nonetheless, true. But that day, T'Chaka was challenged by the chief of the exiled White Gorilla tribe. He had beaten him when Klaw appeared and killed T'Chaka, using the gun. Unluckily for him, the king's son saw what happened, killed Klaw, then defeated the White Gorilla chief and banished him back to his forest.
"So," T'Challa said, after a moment of thought, "Mr Stark needs to contact his New York headquarters, via the internet. And if he is right and our enemies use a double-ended teleportation portal, perhaps a wormhole of some sort, to transport themselves and their equipment, we need to destroy all those situated here in Wakanda. Plainly there is one at the Research Centre, which suits me well as they will not expect me there. So we will breach that enemy stronghold and give Stark the access to the computers he needs at the same time."
"No," Tony said, shaking his head, "I was compromised. I could have lost control and hurt someone."
All the medical equipment and bioscience stuff remained, or examining Wanda would have required taking her back to Oklahoma, to his vastly-less-well-equipped-than-anything-Tony-owned clinic. Advanced diagnostic equipment was hard to come by in the middle of nowhere, and Thor had deliberately chosen the middle of nowhere to rebuild Asgard.
He should have had the spear months ago. Would have, had Strange not thrust his overly-long nose in where it was not wanted. If he did not have it by the equinox... The dark forces would not be aligned properly for another seven years, after that.
Tony was going to be here tomorrow. And that conversation was going to be anything but fun.
"Maybe a little," Tony said. "At least, I hope so. Then I told him that evil done in the name of God is still evil, and good done in the name of the devil is still good, and his being back was good in my book." He said it with a grin, knowing that Clint had been roped into reading half the Chronicles of Narnia to Cassie when she'd been little.
"What do you mean, changed? It's not as if I could be any more of a woman."
There were circles under her eyes, and something about the expression in them reminded Clint of Jan and Tony in the hospital, staring at horrible things that didn't exist outside their own heads, or Hank, sick-looking and white-faced after Jan had flinched back from him.
If it took her in the throat edge-on, the shield would crush her windpipe or break her neck, but if the hole burned through her chest wasn't killing her, that wouldn't either.
"How long?" she asked, once her attempt to vent frustration had predictably failed to do anything.
Tony hated magic. He'd always hated it, but now, he had discovered new and previously unplumbed depths of loathing for it.
No need to relive it.
"Whatever spell he was doing blew up in his face." Wanda hadn't meant to speak, and didn't fully realize that she had until everyone in the cramped little room was staring at her.
"Hawkeye wouldn't know what to do with himself if he couldn't pretend to engage in witty banter,"
"If your pet tries to eat me again," Jan called to Sam, as Bulldozer started to run toward them, head down and shoulders squared for impact, "I'm blasting him the same as I would one of them."
"Are you all right?" Jarvis asked.
Which was true, but, "Chthon's been causing enough trouble from there. And we don't know she's safe from him." As failsafes went, magic tattoos were probably less-than-reliable. How did you test them? How did you calculate for margins of error when you were working with alchemical symbols and incomprehensible sorcerous scribbles?
She glanced up at the vent curiously, and her eyes widened. White vapor was swirling out of it into the room.
Steve was probably busy trying to talk Barnes out of being Fury's private assassin right about now – he hadn't said much about it to Tony since the night Barnes and Agent Carter had shown up on their doorstep, fresh from eliminating one of SHIELD's problems, but Tony knew it bothered him, and not just because of the risk involved.
MJ's lips twitched. Then, "Wait a minute," her eyebrows went up. "You're not thinking that Tony got poisoned because you were mad him, are you? The world doesn't revolve around you, Peter."
"What, those?" Steve grinned back, knowing the expression didn't look particularly friendly. "Iron Man tracked them all down ages ago. You shouldn't have routed the countdown signal through a satellite."
"When I'm not under the influence of mind-altering drugs, I'm mostly better."
Pink light flickered over them, and her face tightened.  He was about to order her to stop, sure she was hurting herself, when she muttered something in Transian, and then, “It’s corrupted.  I think if I-“ the light around her hands flared brighter, and Tony’s entire body pulsed with it for a fraction of a second.
Not here, Steve reminded himself. Not yet.
wasn't a very long book. Maybe he should go and get
Not for want of Tony trying, though.  He’d done nothing whatsoever to stop Sin from stabbing him; Steve could still see the spear sliding easily through his armor, see Tony deliberately leaving himself open, taking the blow in order to get the chance to bring his repulsors up and blast her.
The kitchen door was open slightly, spilling a line of light out into the hallway, and as he approached, Thor could hear voices from beyond it.
Carol's hand tightened on the wheel. "You
"Peter?" Cap didn't look up or take his eyes off Tony. "What are you doing here?"
"Not to let me in." Steve's voice.
, as if it had been her fault. After he'd slept with her possessed body without her consent. Had she even known that they'd had sex? The thought made the entire thing seem, if possible, even worse. "You... of course you didn't. You were
"I thought he'd killed you," Don was saying. He was checking Tony's heart for the second time, as if afraid whatever results he'd gotten the first time might change or prove untrue. "I wouldn't put it past him. He goes after people Thor cares about. Any child of the two of them would have spent its entire life as a hostage."
.” Steve tilted his head to the side, not really willing to comment on that
Johnny leaned his forearms on the back of the chair, tilting his head forward. “Sue. Stop.”
“All right, guys, enough joking around,” Steve said, which was strange, since Tony did not feel he had been joking around. “We need to get rid of these bots before they spread out any farther.”
Waving a hand dismissively, Steve replied, “Something else more interesting will happen soon. Thanks again!”
“—you matched with Steve!”
Clint stood at the far edge of the stage, as always feeling most comfortable with an easy exit and open space. Bobbi was next to him, smiling brightly at the cameras flashing. She loved a photo opportunity. Sam stood in the center of the backline, scanning the collected reporters and pointing at the few he was friendly with. Pepper kept up her usual pristine figure, always acting above reproach when in public—a PR dream through and through. Bruce was last, not making as much of a splash in his civilian clothes as opposed to his imposing Hulk form.
attempt to navigate a situation no one has ever been in before. As superheroes, and the two most famous (arguably) ones at that, they 15/?
[11:16 pm] 2moro
didn’t get enough Steve time today?”
Natasha’s face grew hard. She walked forward, getting right in Steve’s space. “Just because you aren’t soulmates doesn’t mean you’re not meant to be.”
Steve pondered this for a moment. “You didn’t see his face,” he eventually muttered. “He looked… dejected.”
Some of the cameras turned towards Cassie, filming her as the reporters described the situation. A few of the news vans began to slowly drive away, but the majority of them stayed put. It appeared these people were really committed to getting some pictures and comments. At least, Steve assumed that was what they wanted.
“But I saw you and wanted to talk.”
“Well, I’m thinking a May or June wedding.”
Then nothing. Then Steve never got back to Tony, who’d put his heart out there for Steve to trample all over. It was an incredibly awful feeling to have work get in the way of something he’d wanted on a personal level for literal years. But he knew he could fix this. It was just a matter of finding the right gift to match how he felt.
can,” Foggy agreed. “I’m not made of miles of sexy muscle, you know. I’m more of a cotton ball. Just soft, easily bruised.”
“I’ve thought a lot of things, Johnny! You’ve forced us all to!”
Steve couldn’t help it. His grin stretched across his face, almost painful with how wide it was. That’s just how he felt when he saw Tony.
Tony held up his hands. “No judgment. But we did push it back until today for several Avengers. Natasha and Bucky were on that super secret mission to some awful place, I’m sure. They just got back. And too many people have plans already from Christmas through New Year’s. So.” He shrugged. “Christmas Eve.”
“You guys have
“Rescue!”
After they hung up, Peter felt even more at a loss. He couldn’t be open about his soulmate because that would be an easy way for someone to discover his secret identity. After all, Johnny Storm was a famous face as a superhero, especially in New York. It would be too easy to follow that line straight to Spider-Man. Then Peter would be putting May at risk. Again.
A sound of bodies colliding caught Steve’s attention. He looked over to find that two people had bumped into each other. One man was just looking up, obviously ready to shout, when his face froze as he recognized the other man was… oh no,
Tony dragged the blanket down his face. “Lights twenty-five percent.” He squinted at first, blinking until his eyes adjusted. “Okay, pull up the call.”
Steve hugged her back, smiling brightly. “Thanks! It’s been…” After a thoughtful pause, Steve finished, “Completely crazy.”
“Actually, over time, the sea
Oscorp √ @Oscorp
“You’re exhausted,” Steve murmured. “Let’s head home.”
He needed to talk to
was just thrown at Tony Stark, and Captain America used his body as a shield!”
“It’s perfect,” Tony breathed out. “Thank you.”
“Because
“I practically jumped out of my seat when I saw why you guys were making headlines.” Rhodey shook his head, smiling. “I’m so happy for you, Tone. This is awesome.”
“I think Jameson just asked me for porn.” Peter paused. “Scratch that, I know it. He was pretty clear.” A choking sound came from the phone’s speaker. “Yeah,” he said, voice heavy with resignation. “I know.”
[__]     < >     <3  1
“I’m not asking him that!”
Rhodey laughed. “Some people get more excited than others. So tell me what happened.”
“I was reliably informed they can’t get to your door,” Jennifer stated. “So I told them to send the paperwork to your lawyer.”
Also, Steve had always thought Tony’s vast intelligence was hot. Like, extremely so.
Pepper rolled her eyes. “On the public comm.”
“Anytime.”
[__]  1     < >     <3
“Why not?” Tony asked, still a relentless flirt.
Rhodey narrowed his eyes. “Was that supposed to be an insult? Because it sounded like jealousy.”
@ChaseChaseChase I love you, too.
“You’re right. I don’t.” He smiled at the camera. “How are you? That’s nice. Heard you called Cap’s ass cute in front of everyone.”
Tony took a step away from Steve, not losing eye contact. “I do want you. Just not until I feel better about my soulmark.” He scratched his eyebrow with an embarrassed laugh. “I can’t help it. I want us to have a good relationship. I don’t want to think about my face the entire time.”
“I regret this already.” Tony adjusted the volume way down.
“So I was thinking that, with the new year coming up and all, now is a
Relief spread across Tony’s face. “You had me worried there for a sec, Cap.”
Super Strong Super Smart @mollylolly * 17s
I can’t take this anymore [9:04 pm]
Steve nodded, wanting to comfort his soulmate—and, more than that, wanting to help Tony, one of the most important people in his life. “It’s your face,” he agreed. “It’s all over your face.”
Steve stood up straighter. “Oh! Great. Thanks, Pepper.”
Steve shrugged. “Then you know.”
“Is this going to affect how the Avengers function as a team?”
“She’s right, man.” Sam’s shoulders shook with suppressed laughter. “You really put your mark on him.”
It happened in a split-second. One moment Steve was trying to placate this man; the next he saw a brick hurtling through the air, heading directly for Tony’s face. Time slowed down—impossibly so, enough that Steve suddenly felt he understood how Quicksilver must feel, enough that Steve was able to come to several conclusions.
Tony didn’t respond. Not that Steve expected him to, but he was wondering just how deeply Tony was sleeping. Apparently, pretty solidly. Steve climbed out of the booth and moved over to Tony’s side, picking him up and carrying him out of the diner in both of his arms, taking an extra second to ensure Tony’s helmet was balanced on top of the armor that covered his stomach. He wouldn’t hear the end of it if he left the suit helmet behind.
“Wave at your fan, Steven,” Tony muttered as he smiled and waved at the elderly man.
“You guys are going to have to get used to this real fast.” Pepper raised an eyebrow. “You know this is going to last for a while, right?”
Still, he wouldn’t have traded this opportunity for anything. He wanted to get closer to Tony—well, not closer. That was probably impossible given their history. But at least changing the nature of their relationship to be more romantic. That he could do. They had both indicated a desire to do so. Now it was up to Steve to keep up his part of the bargain. He had to make an effort to show Tony how he felt. Apparently he hadn’t been clear up to now. That had to change.
“Style, Pepper. It was style.” Sam sounded wounded.
Steve smiled at her. “Thanks, Jen.”
It wasn’t the perfect place to talk to Tony, but being in the car was going to be the first time they were mostly alone (apart from Happy) together since the marks appeared. Steve had hoped for a more private opportunity to have a conversation. One of their suites would have been perfect. He’d have taken Tony’s workshop in a pinch. Even a public area when everyone else was out. But all of that seemed impossible now.
“Why don’t we head inside?” Reed asked, gesturing to the door with his free hand. “If we stay out here any longer, we might get helicopters.”
15: Soulmarks were permanent.
[Unlisted Number]
“We just met. He wasn’t keeping anything from you,” Steve replied. He looked at Matt and smiled. “I probably should have said something earlier, but I didn’t even think about it. I’m Captain America.”
Steve walked up with three different watches. He smiled when he saw them kissing, eyes crinkling at the corners. “Aww, you guys are so cute.” He sighed. “But I can’t decide which of these would look best on Tony, so what do you think?”
Tony shrugged. “We’ll just have to be more on guard, that’s all.”
“There are worse people to learn engineering from,” Reed stated. “Victor knows his stuff.”
“Don’t give me any ideas, winghead,” Tony said, smiling slightly.
“Saved. I like that hashtag.”
with a man who says he doesn’t mind skipping syrup on his pancakes. That is just outlandish, even for a ninety-year-old stick in the mud.”
she looks mad [9:10 pm]
“I don’t know.”
Steve turned around, one hand on the punching bag as he smiled at them. “Be nice,” he chastised. Then he grinned. “Tony’s
“He should be honored that you’ve been choosing him over your family for the past two years,” Sue stated, voice monotone.
Tony sighed. “Everyone always does.”
Tony nodded. “Well, good. Because we’re here.”
“Wear it proudly.” Namor lifted his head, narrowing his eyes at Tony. “It is a badge of honor to be chosen by someone so worthy and handsome.”
Steve smiled politely. “We’re sorry for disturbing your rest.”
RAINBOWS @majesticdean * 2m
“It’s not. Steve, I’ve been dreaming about you marking me for years. This is just…” Tony trailed off, unsure what to say next.
Tony stirred and then jumped a bit, startled. “Wha—what happened?”
“Pretty exclusive, though,” Tony replied. “You’re lucky you’re cute, otherwise you wouldn’t get a ride.”
Pietro crossed his arms, glaring at Tony. “Why did you let her go?”
Bucky barked out a laugh. “Says the man who’s been crushing for
Tony stared at him. “We’ve had one for years. What are you—” He cut himself off, sighing. “Don’t even start with me, Rogers.”
Johnny shook his head. “There’s nothing to worry about.”
“Tony and I agree that Clint was right,” Steve said, causing Tony to sit upright, nearly falling off his chair.
what you meant.”
Reed and Sue glanced at each other. Sue seemed to be holding in laughter, but Reed just seemed affectionately resigned.
Jameson angrily fisted his hands on his desk. “But I need front-page worthy photos of this whole mess, so I’m counting on you to deliver them.”
Steve didn’t see how that could possibly be true, especially given how the crowd behind the reporters began cheering when Tony stepped out. Tony held up his hands, waving at the crowd. He was a natural at this kind of thing. Steve stepped out afterwards, making his way to the podium on the stage as the car pulled away.
“I…” Steve shook his head. “I got you a
Johnny slouched, stretching his legs out and crossing his ankles. “I’m sick of this,” he muttered. At Sue’s questioning look, he continued, “Having everyone on my case about my soulmate! It’s annoying. I wish you’d all stop.”
“Right?” Steve spread his hands out, nodding furiously. “I feel the same way!” He shook his head. “Have I been, what,
“… Never mind. I know what you think.”
“All you do is impose,” Tony commented. “But it’s fine. I love you, so I’ll deal with your—” He stopped short, yawning loudly. “—ridiculous—” He pulled off his t-shirt, ruffling his hair in the process. “—stubborn—” He kicked off his shoes, sitting on the edge of his bed and tugging off his socks with more force than necessary. “—optimism.”
There were a few moments of utter silence. Tony stood next to Steve, really feeling the brunt of the day. Just that morning, they’d discovered they were soulmates. It seemed like a week ago given how much had happened. And tomorrow was probably going to be just as bad. In fact, it would most likely be a few weeks before everything settled down to normal. Well. Normal for them, anyway.
“Yeah. I can see how the vast expanse of space could get boring to you people.”
“What was?”
“Right about what?” Bobbi asked.
Tony whipped his head around. “What?! I thought you had that under control?”
He took a step away from Steve, on guard but trying to hide it. “Yeah,” he said. Then he cleared
“Oh my God, tell whoever it is to go away.” He groaned loudly, pulling the blanket up over his head.
“I called him beautiful,” Steve admitted.
“The truth?” Steve suggested.
Natasha rolled her eyes. “Captain America, not confident enough? The rest of us are doomed.”
Foggy choked on absolutely nothing. His own saliva, maybe.
Tony blinked, slowly. “What about tracking down the copycat Doom? We’ve got proof the bots can make holograms of me. That has to narrow it down.”
Steve was just about ready to go back inside and look for Tony when the main door to Avengers Tower opened. Tony was walking briskly to the car, looking sharp as always in a pressed suit and sunglasses, which Steve suspected were hiding just how tired he felt.
Tony squeezed Steve’s fingers, a bit too hard with his gauntlet on but Steve wasn’t about to let go. “It’s just, this is happening really fast. Yesterday, I thought you weren’t interested in me. This morning, I find out we’re soulmates. A few hours ago, you say you’ve loved me for years.”
“Okay, first of all, the gossip mill has it wrong,” Tony began, revving up to logically explain the facts in the face of this outrageous audacity. “I did not call Steve’s ass cute although it is, unarguably so. I called Steve cute in one comment after the battle. Then I said Doom had a nice ass but that saying so did not negate the niceness of Steve’s ass. That was during the debrief.”
