"I'm going to make tea, I'm parched after that dancing. Fancy one?"
“Sex?”
John swallows, hard. The thought that that was Sherlock at his rustiest makes John's pulse thrum. The kisses they had shared had been intoxicating, amongst the best he had ever experienced. It takes a few moments for John to clear away the haze of sudden arousal that threatens to overtake him before he realises that his eyes had fallen shut at the thought of a well-oiled (his mind conjures up
"Position John." Fighting to keep his voice even as John placed his hands correctly, one in his own hand, one on his back, Sherlock moved his own into position. The moment his hand made contact with John's shoulder the mad whirring in his mind slowed, changing gears to a lower, more bearable pace.
Before long John lowers the head of his bed and drops back off to sleep.
"It's ok, Sherlock. She's not here." John's voice is gentle, designed not to startle but to reassure. How can John know that Sherlock is fearful of Mary? John is not usually so perceptive when it comes to Sherlock and emotions. Other people's, yes, without a doubt, but Sherlock's? No. He seems quite happy living in the bubble of his own devising that Sherlock is unfeeling, or perhaps just doesn't feel things 'that way'. How very wrong John is.
"Yes, Phillip. As in Anderson."  The 'obviously' goes unsaid but John can still sense it fluttering in the air.
Since returning to John after two long years away he had come to realise how important John was to him. How he only felt whole when John was close; John's heart and his mind finally making one whole, living, breathing being.
“That’s one way to put it,”
“Not particularly, no.”  Sherlock responds dryly, trying to ignore the small spark of brotherly love he feels for Mycroft and his pettiness towards Mary.
Sherlock smiles at what a force to be reckoned with Mrs. Hudson is; even after all their years of friendship she still continues to surprise him with her extraordinary capacity to love.  She bustles back in a few minutes later, a smile of accomplishment gracing her features.  She settles back in to her seat, taking time to smooth her skirt over her knees, before starting to speak.
Profanities included.”
"On the recovery of the jewels, of course." Sherlock responds.
"Transport that receives only the minimal amount of maintenance does not run as efficiently as it should.  Risks of breakdowns and accidents are higher than if maintained at a reasonable rate."  John says, his voice sounding almost as if he is reciting from a textbook.
“Oh?”  John eventually manages, rolling his eyes at his own lack of eloquence and trying again.  “Good ‘oh’, or bad ‘oh’?”  He admits it’s not much better but it is the best he can manage with Sherlock's hand gently stroking over his bare skin.
"I'm so sorry John." Sherlock's sense of guilt and shame deepened.  He had been so wrapped up in his own sorrows, he had not tried to find out what was happening with John, leaving him alone when his support had been most needed.
“As I told you the last five times you asked, no, not yet.  We’re waiting to get the all clear on your head injury and the mild hypothermia you came in with.”  John explains, somehow sounding much calmer than he feels.  Every time he closes his eyes, even just to blink, John can clearly see Sherlock strapped, bruised, bloody and naked to a chair, suffering, and all because of his wife. Ex-wife, he supposes, very much ex. That makes him a widower, he muses, strange how he felt so much more bereft, no, scratch that, devastated, when Sherlock ‘died’. It’s part of the reason it took John so long to forgive Sherlock, he had trusted and he had been betrayed - at least that’s how he had seen it at the time; he knows better now.
John trails off, the words, ‘in case Mary tries to kill us again,’ hanging heavily in the air.
“I’m missing something, John.  I thought so last night too but I thought that was because of you; because of the feelings we had both been hiding.”  Sherlock rests his hand over John’s, silently reassuring him that he isn’t upset for being unknowingly misled. “But I was wrong.  These people are all wrong.  The setting is all wrong.  The answer is right in front of me but I can’t see it!”
Taking Sherlock’s hand again, John leads them outside; once more their steps are perfectly in time.
John’s gaze passes over Sherlock slowly, his look appreciative as he takes in the whole of Sherlock, from slightly scuffed shoes to tousled curls.  John runs his tongue over his lower lip and tries to sit up, the movement causes Sherlock to jolt forward in an effort to stop him, jerking at the IV cannula in his hand. Sherlock hisses in pain but continues to reach for John, he soon realises that his aid is unnecessary as John has stilled, his eyes fixed firmly on where the IV enters Sherlock’s hand.
Sherlock's fingers tighten against John's skin and both men moan.
"And then what?"
It’s water, as it has been all night, he has avoided alcohol since moving back in with Sherlock.
I hope you didn't mind a longer chapter! ;)
Sherlock answers, only partly joking, before backing John into the corner.
"Sherlock!" John snapped out in warning.
The dress code was a firm ‘suggestion’ that people dressed as what they had wished to be as children, an opportunity to relive childish dreams and maybe, at least for one night, leave their adult cares behind.  The heavy card stock and gold embellished writing of the actual invite was rather at odds with the oddly whimsical dress idea.
mine. As for the pregnancy, I tried to get pregnant but he's such a stickler when it comes to using a condom, saying we weren’t ready to start a family.  That really only left the good old padded belly trick; and he fell for it hook, line and sinker.  God, I do love dealing with trusting men, it makes my job so much easier.”  Mary laughs and Sherlock’s fists clench again with the urge of wanting to hit out at Mary, to cause her physical pain.
Sherlock thinks the concussion must be causing him to hallucinate, he can hear both John and Mrs Hudson but can think of no scenario that would require Mrs Hudson to be there, he concludes that John must be a figment of his imagination too.  More footsteps sound in the shadows and another voice rings forth, one he chooses to believe he would never imagine.
“What’s on your mind, John?”  Sherlock keeps his face tilted up, eyes closed, the sun warm on his skin; hyper-aware of John at his side.  Their hands had finally separated when they’d sat down, although the loss is not keenly felt because of their continued physical closeness; shoulder to shoulder, thigh to thigh.  This contact is what allows Sherlock to continue to read the unconscious signals of John’s discomfort.  Sherlock can easily deduce that John isn't uncomfortable with their proximity; rather that he has something he wants to say and is unsure how to say it - and how those words will be taken.
“I think all of us in this room know he means a lot more to you than that,” Lestrade interjects, continuing to speak over Sherlock’s mumbled protest.  “And that you’d like for your relationship with him to be rather more than just good friends.  There’s no shame in it, Sherlock.”  Lestrade voices the thoughts and feelings that Sherlock was convinced he had kept so well-hidden, often even from himself.  He really must stop underestimating the Detective Inspector.
Finally Sherlock halts in his actions to release the fastening on his trousers, a simple button fastening on a folding flap.
A new beginning,
“Some are too personal, others are obvious that they are dreams quite quickly upon waking.”
Before John had a chance to explain his quick words all reasonable thought left him as he felt Sherlock give his shoulder a hesitant, gentle squeeze. Glancing up, John was surprised to see a softness in Sherlock's face, a warmth gracing the usually sharp features.
“No.”
Sherlock's eyes are glassy, looking into a past filled with regret.
John breathes, chuckling lightly.
So, here it is! The final chapter! Eek!
There are so many songs that make me think of these two but James Blunt seems to be the artist of choice, his songs can reduce me to tears or make me dance around the house.  His concerts are awesome and should not be missed!
“William.”
"Are you absolutely sure Mycroft?" Sherlock's voice sounded lost and distant, even to his own ears.  He had no doubt that he looked every inch the broken man. He risked a glance up at his brother, meeting his gaze, noting the slow shrug.
"There is no baby." John answers, returning his attention back to his custard cream.
"Of course it's preposterous. It is only the name that is being resurrected, the kingpin of the organisation, if you like. It is the name that invokes the respect and fear, not necessarily the person."
"I didn't get to the kissing part did I?" Sherlock quirks up the side of his mouth, smiling wider when John responds in kind.
“When did Mycroft say he expected most of the attendees to be arriving?”  Sherlock asks, pushing the last of his asparagus risotto around his plate.
"You might want to put something a bit less revealing on." John gestures at the dressing gown that Sherlock had slipped back on after his shower. "Unless you're after giving Anderson a cheap thrill." John sniggers at the look of extreme disgust wrinkling Sherlock's face. "I guess not then!"
"I've missed you dear. We both have. So lovely to have you home." With that she turned and walked quickly back to her apartment, giving John a quick wave as she went.
"Dear god, let me hear you." John begs before engulfing Sherlock again. This time, Sherlock allows his gasp to ring out, the sound arousing John further. His answering groan muffled around his mouthful.
Sherlock slumbers, fitfully, in the chair, dreaming wistfully of soft pillows and comfortable mattresses.
Thirty minutes later, John is sipping at his third or fourth cup of tea and making a mental note to never allow Mrs Hudson to be in charge of topping up alcoholic drinks. She appears to have near-magical skills of filling his cup without him being aware, only discovering when drinking from his, once nearly empty, cup. Luckily, this skill also appears to apply to her biscuit and cake supply, which is apparently never ending. John has had three cinnamon swirls - two more than he thought he'd have after finding out Sherlock had eaten the vast majority of them - fortunately it turned out only to be the first plate of them. These were followed by two perfectly moist chocolate brownies and he is currently nibbling on a comparatively healthy oat and raisin cookie. His attention is fixed on Mrs Hudson. Sherlock has managed to sprawl on one of her too-small kitchen chairs (refusing the earlier offer of moving into the living room) and looks completely at home. Mrs Hudson is looking at him like her wayward son has returned, which in a way, John supposes, he has. He feels reticent to drag Sherlock away from this heartfelt domesticity but he can see from the heaviness of Sherlock's eyelids and the pallor of his skin that Sherlock is tiring and will soon be in desperate need of a revitalising nap. It's approaching midday and John knows that Sherlock has been awake since dawn. He's amazed that Sherlock has made it this long before needing to rest. John suspects Mrs Hudson's warm welcome has had a lot to do with it.
You loved her, John.
She goes quickly to John’s side, efficiently checking the insertion and wound sites before turning to examine the machines and drip feeds.  She nods to herself before manually taking John’s temperature.
"Jesus Christ." John's words are breathless. "Perfect.........you're perfect." He reaches one, slightly shaking hand out towards Sherlock, the question in his eyes clear. 'Can I really touch?'
Author's Note 3/08/2015
"Sherlock, it really isn't my job to keep tabs on your friends ....."  Sherlock could hear the sneer in his brother's voice, contempt almost dripping from the word friends.
In many ways she is still very much 'his' Mary, the Mary that he fell in love with. John can admit that it was love he felt for her, it wasn't the all-encompassing love he feels for Sherlock but it was love all the same. He doesn't believe it was a love that would have lasted though, too many things had already begun to irritate him about Mary before Sherlock had even returned. Tiny things, things that, when a relationship is strong and the love is deep, would have made no lasting damage but with Mary, these things had begun to grate on his nerves. John knows he is not a very patient man even at the best of times and his relationship with Mary was beginning to bring out the worst in him.
“That’s fine.  Mr Holmes and I are going to accompany Sherlock to John’s ward, make sure he gets there in one piece.  I’ll let Mary know we’re here and keeping an eye on her too, just in case she should need us.”  Only Lestrade and the Holmes brothers understand the implicit threat behind those words.  That he will be watching her every move and if she steps even one inch out of line then Lestrade will be on her like a ton of bricks, with charges of fraud and attempted murder, amongst others, levelled upon her.
Sherlock’s face is open, the look in his eyes almost pleading, guileless.
Sherlock accepts the offered help to get on to the bed, sighing in relief at the sensation of the soft mattress against his limbs after hours spent on a hard chair.
“Precisely that.”  John replies evenly, his expression open.  “People who are here for the weekend.  Mycroft used his influence as a ‘minor government official’ to gain access to the guest list, giving you the names of a select few.”
The journey back to Sherlock’s room is quiet, the atmosphere strangely tense.  Sherlock believes that John is still angry about the upcoming press release and is, therefore, taken by surprise when John wheels him into his room, shuts the door, lowers the blind and drops to the floor in front of Sherlock.
"Sarcasm John? Rather beneath your usual efforts." Raising the mug to his nose, Sherlock delicately sniffed the coffee before taking a small sip. "Irish coffee. With Mycroft's expensive whiskey. Much better than milk."
"I suppose I was 14 when I realised that I would be equally happy snogging boys or girls." The soft smile playing over his lips grows stiff. "Harry had come out at home and she got so much crap from my parents that I knew I wouldn't be coming out anytime soon. It was a hard time for her and I wasn't as supportive as I should have been, too concerned that my own secret would be outed."
“What? No!”
"And a day, John.  And a day."  Sherlock's smile is genuine, warm and slightly crooked.  His face is filled with laughter lines, simultaneously ageing him and making him look younger, more carefree.
Hello! Hello! Well, I'm back from my meanderings around London, I had a fabulous time and I think it's fair to say that my daughters and I are much closer for our time away.  (11 and 13 can be such challenging ages!) I've lost count of everything we saw and did, but I did pose next to Benedict in Madame Tussaud's, I did wander down and look at the empty houses on Leinster Gardens and I also manage to pop into the Sherlock Holmes shop on Baker Street! We also saw Wicked, went on a tour bus at night, ogled the richness of Harrods and Fortnum and Masons, went round a few museums and oh, just had a wonderful time!
“Did you die?”
"I also filmed the sessions, they're all there on the discs." Leaning over, Anderson flicks through the file once more. "These are all the regulars." He points to the first in a series of photographic print-outs. "Where possible I put personal details about them on the back of the sheet. Name, address, marital status; that sort of thing."
"Mumbling, John!" Sherlock knew that he was now smiling John's special smile, could feel the lightness in his heart that came with it. John had remembered a chance comment of his, made years ago, kept it.  Cherished it?
Sherlock wakes very early the next morning.  Although the room has no windows or clock he can now estimate the time by the sounds and smells drifting down the corridor from the nurses' station. The noise of a muted radio and the smell of strong coffee would indicate that it is before six, meaning that he will need to be patient for at least another three hours when a doctor will come on duty to sign him out.
"I know that, damn it!" John's temper bursts forth, quick and fiery and Sherlock flinches but moves to stand behind John, resting his hands on John's tense shoulders. "Sorry, I'm sorry.  It's just that a bullet to the shoulder in an active war-zone is vastly different to being shot in the heart by your best friend's wife.  I'm still having trouble coming to terms with it all." John raises his right hand to cover Sherlock's on his left shoulder, his pyjamas now dangling limply from his other hand.  "I want to fix it all."  The last few words are barely a whisper and directed at the floor.
“I am not an addict.
“I thought you deserved to know who shot me, I didn't think you would stop hunting until you found an answer. So I wanted you to find the information out in a controlled manner, from her own lips so that you would believe it. I thought that was what I had arranged. A dark corridor, a possible decoy, her photograph beamed on the outside of the building. I thought it would all appeal to her sense of drama. I believed that she would want to show off in front of me, show off her skills, I wanted her to see ‘me’ weak and defenceless in the wheelchair, attached to my drugs. I thought she’d be happy to show me how much better than me she was. I meant for you to be safe, to be out of harm’s way. I just needed for you to see what she could be like.”
The droplets trace random patterns over his body, altering their course when they encounter fine body hair or the smooth line of a hip.
In smooth moves that surprise even himself, John climbs onto the bed, moving until he is braced on his hands and knees over Sherlock.
Sherlock narrows his eyes, fingers pressed together and resting on his lower lip.  "I believe you are having fun at my expense."
(See the end of the chapter for
"John dear, is that you?" A warm, motherly voice called from along the hall.
“What job?  Who put you up to this?”  Sherlock’s mind sharpens and focuses on the only relevant sentence in the whole of Mary’s speech.
I’ll leave you to it.”
"Now, you." John indicates Sherlock's trousers with a quick sweep of his hand.
John admits. “Why would you
My childhood was crap, after all.”
"Read on, John." Sherlock, always the quicker reader, has already absorbed all of the information displayed on the page.
Huge thanks, as always, goes to my magnificent beta, Lockedinjohnlock, she of the amazing podfic recordings!
“What happened with Janine?”
John is still sitting on the edge of Sherlock's bed but his back is now rigid, hands clenched against his thighs and Sherlock longs for their touch again. He fights the heaviness that is threatening to wash over him and drag him back into the depths of sleep. He ignores the pull of the drip in the back of his hand and stretches to cover one of John's hands with his own. Carefully, he loosens the fist John is making and clasps their hands together.
"The person who shot my brother is an assassin by profession but we believe that she was not acting on orders when she pulled the trigger." To all intents and purposes, it appears as if Mycroft is totally focused on the papers in front of him but from the subtle tension in his legs and shoulders, Sherlock can see that Mycroft is very aware of Greg's presence.
“Or would you rather feel my tight heat around you? Welcoming you in?”
“Are you going to leave?” Mary questions, the weary tone of her voice indicating she already knows the answer.
“Yeah? Well, I couldn't let you be the only sexy one.”
"It's a private celebration, Mrs Hudson."  Sherlock's rich baritone is laced with happiness, his eyes a sparkling bright blue, their gaze flicking between her and John.
With skilful fingers he separates the curls, making his hair appear soft and inviting.
Sherlock studies John’s face intently, looking for any sign of hesitance or the need for more time.
aren't going to do anything about Mary. She's my problem. I got myself into this mess; I will get myself out of it." John's voice is determined and there's a cold edge to his words. Such a difference to just fifteen minutes earlier, when his mobile lips had been shaping words of such heat that Sherlock can still feel their burn.
“I really can’t understand her problem though, Sherlock, it would be lovely to have a child about the old house.”  She looks affectionately at John, patting his hand. “I hope you and Mary will visit with your little one often, John.”
A choked snort from John once again drew Mycroft's gaze. "And what does the good Doctor have to offer on this matter, hmmmm? Do enlighten me." Mycroft's impression of a smile was now firmly pinned  to his face. John decided that he looked rather like a shark trying to charm its prey. Lesser men may have backed down in the light of that stare but John merely bristled with cold bitterness.
For that to happen though I need your go-ahead.”
“Hmm.”  Is Sherlock’s only reply.
"Oh, John." Sherlock whispers, his words reverential.  John stands proudly as Sherlock studies his body, refusing to hide away from the scrutinising gaze. He knows he is nothing special, a little under tall, a little soft around the middle, skin a little weathered, but the way that Sherlock is looking at him makes him feel exceptional.  A smile lights Sherlock's face as he focuses on John's penis.  "You've been keeping secrets from me."
"Oh god, it's all so fucked up. Why is it always my fault, Sherlock?" John begs, hands covering his face as he fights back bitter tears.
“Yes?”  John breaks out of his unhappy musings at Sherlock’s voice.
Sherlock hesitates before striding on. “I thought what I was seeing was coloured by what I
Finally, he pops into the toilets and tries to freshen up a little, before returning to John’s side.
“Look after this for me?”
“Ta.”  John sips his tea, looking off into the middle distance.
Wrenching the door open, John manages to fix an insincere smile on his face. Mycroft looks distinctly unruffled upon being met at the door by a short man wearing pyjamas at midday; unfortunately he is not alone and his companion looks more than slightly discomfited by the sight.
Christ, Sherlock.
Long, dark blonde lashes flutter against pale cheeks before slowly drifting open, several slow blinks later and John’s sluggish gaze settles on Sherlock.  The smile that glides across his lips and brightens his eyes lends an air of boyish roguishness to John’s features and Sherlock can’t help but return the smile.
"Sorry, I'll stop." Echoes of their first case are playing through his mind.
“Man up, Watson.”
I wanted to accept her as the sweet, witty, intelligent blonde that she presented as.
. The sensation is so much more than he's ever experienced before; he wants to look down, to see where his body is being tenderly held, but he knows that seeing his cock in Sherlock's mouth will be too much for his self control. It becomes apparent extremely quickly that Sherlock has indeed been doing his research; a firm tongue cups his length as full lips close around him. Long fingers trail up his inner thigh before a strong hand wraps itself around him; all sensation now centres around his cock, around Sherlock's ministrations. Each lick, suck and rub drives John closer to the edge and he fights against it, never wanting the moment to end. His hands have wandered into Sherlock's hair, fingers entwined with damp locks as he does nothing more than just hold on and ride the sensations. His head is pressed back and sweat is streaming from him, his hips are shallowly thrusting and his thighs are trembling from the effort of not giving in and thrusting hard. Groans are mixed in with gasped profanities as his climax edges closer and closer: he tugs at Sherlock's hair, the only indicator he can give that he is so close. Sherlock responds by taking him deeper, sucking harder, muted moans filling the hot air. "
"John!"
Sherlock’s speech is punctuated with pauses and breaths as he continues to rock in to John.
I don’t know who she really is.”
John confirms.
"God help me, Sherlock, I would have chosen you. I'll always choose you." John's voice was gruff; the deep emotion held in check, but the words clear, the honesty blinding.
Sherlock’s eyelids begin to droop and his voice grows heavy and slow.
“No, not really.”  Mary continues with her bored perusal of the room.
John wets his lips, swallowing against the anxiety that rises within him. “And when I wake I can’t tell if they are memories of something real or not.
“You decide.”  Sherlock frowns at the people around him.  Everyone seems relaxed, most are chatting light-heartedly, some are concentrating on eating but even they are at ease.  He’s missing something; but what?
"Dance with me, Sherlock."  John's voice was equally desire-laden, the hushed sound of it causing Sherlock's body to respond, blood redirecting, soft flesh filling, firming, heating.  He opened his eyes to find John already standing, one hand held out to him.  Without hesitation Sherlock linked his hand with John's, gracefully standing until he was mere inches from him.  Sherlock watched as John moved and with his free hand pressed a button on the CD player before finally resting his hand at Sherlock's waist. He could feel John's heat burning into him even as he heard the first bars of the song.  Arousal and confusion were fighting for dominance.  This is not a song he knows.  This is not a dance he knows. This is John's song and John's dance, and Sherlock must follow.
He opens the car door and slides out, glancing up and down the street, instinctively checking the area for threats before helping Sherlock to slide out beside him. The look Sherlock gives him is grateful and knowing. Of course Sherlock is fully aware of John being on full alert, how he had ever thought Sherlock wouldn't notice is beyond him. Sherlock eats up the distance between the car and the front door in a few easy strides and is quickly enveloped in the loving arms of their landlady. John can see the relief written clearly on her face as she strokes her small hands gently down Sherlock's arms before drawing him inside, leaving John to pick up their small amount of belongings and the cactus Sherlock has barely let out of his sight.
Sherlock hums quietly in reaction to John’s touch, bringing his hand up to cover John’s before turning his head to press a kiss to John’s palm.  Sherlock’s lips are slightly parted and John shivers at the sensation of warmth breath against his sensitive skin.  John watches Sherlock intently as Sherlock continues his exploration.  Soft kiss follows soft kiss, occasionally Sherlock’s tongue comes in to play, peeking out to lightly trace a line or scar, making John feel almost breathless at the sensation.  Finally, Sherlock trails his lips over John’s fingers, tasting the tip of each one with almost unbearable slowness.
A cough from the edge of the room reminds Sherlock that they are not alone and he reluctantly removes his hand from John’s grasp, clearing his throat as he looks away. The heat of John’s touch remains on Sherlock’s skin and he has to resist the temptation of bringing his hand up to his lips, the move would be too telling, especially to someone as astute as Mary.
She snaps what she believes to be the perfect picture; Sherlock tickling Rosie’s face with his hat’s feather as they both smile broadly and John looks on, love showing very clearly on his features.
Do you understand, Sherlock?
During Sherlock’s continued analysis of the room John fidgets in his chair, plays with his cutlery and generally avoids prolonged eye contact.  Initially, Sherlock ignores this behaviour, deciding John is over-hungry or bored and as such his attention is wavering.  Eventually Sherlock realises that this is something more, this is John’s ‘I may have done something a bit not good’ behaviour.  His ‘I’ve pureed vegetables and hidden them in both your mash and Rosie’s’ look; his ‘I mistakenly messed up your experiment documentation but I’ve made us both a nice cup of tea’ look.  Sherlock continues his observations of the other patrons but surreptitiously shifts his focus to John.
John snuggled further under the covers as Sherlock's arm tightened around his torso.  There was a carefully maintained gap between their bodies that John longed to close but was unsure if Sherlock wanted him to.
It’s now Sherlock’s turn to be surprised, it is only when John starts to slowly lower his hand that he realises that he has yet to respond.  Standing quick enough to make his chair wobble precariously behind him, Sherlock reaches for John’s hand.  “I’d be delighted.”  They walk to the small dance floor, hand in hand, the action feeling strangely natural.  “How much do you remember?” Sherlock  asks, moving his hand to the centre of John’s back, taking John’s other hand in his own.
"Hi Kalvinder? It's John Watson."  John's voice carries clearly through into the living room and Sherlock sits up straighter, unconsciously trying to hear both ends of the conversation. "Yes, I'm doing well. Keeping busy.  You?" There's a pause as Kalvinder answers.  "That sounds great, never a dull moment!"  John grins as he lowers two mugs onto the counter, popping in teabags and pouring boiled water into both mugs.  "I've got a cheeky favour to ask.  Mary mentioned that she'd been to see you to have her scan done and she was wondering if she could have another copy of the scan print out?"  John pauses briefly before adding sugar and milk to the correct mugs and stirring. "Yes, my Mary.  She came in to see you recently?"  John quirks his head to one side, listening intently. "For a dating scan for our baby? Yes, within the last week."  Once again John stills.  "Oh, I'm sorry Kalvinder, my mistake.  I was sure it was your name on the form.  Yes, that's a distinct possibility!" John grins and his shoulders loosen.  "Let's not mention this to Mary, eh?" He laughs.  "She'd kill me if she knew I was messing up on important baby stuff this early!" The rest of the conversation devolves into pleasantries and Sherlock zones out until John holds a fresh mug of tea and a plate of biscuits out to him.
John finally met Mary's gaze, his eyes no longer flat, the hope in them causing their deep blue depths to sparkle, the kiss of sunshine on the sea after the storm.
Billy.”
"You can't." A deep breath. "You can't keep leaving me Sherlock, I barely survived the first time you 'died', I was the bloody walking dead for almost two years. Ironically Mary helped me through that; put me back together like some broken statue. Bits were still missing, but I was at least recognisable as vaguely John Watson shaped. When you came back you had those missing bits with you and I was whole again." Here John looks up and unapologetically holds Sherlock's gaze, his eyes shining wet. "Then that.... that bitch tried to take you away from me again! And she almost bloody succeeded! You flatlined on that table, Sherlock, you were dead. You left me, broken and scattered."
Narrowing his eyes, Sherlock studies the man more closely, realising that this is a member of staff that won't back down from him; the novelty of the occurrence engaging Sherlock’s interest.
“Yeah, needed the loo.” John looks remarkably proud of himself and it takes Sherlock a moment to process why John’s statement is wrong.
“I think it’s time for us to get out, my wrinkles are in danger of getting wrinkles and I think I’m starting to turn blue!” John jokes as he raises himself to standing and steps, rather awkwardly, on to the awaiting fluffy bath mat.
I'll love you for a thousand more.
"Mrs Hudson, I'm off now. Please don't dust or touch any experiments!" Sherlock's harsh words were softened by the smile gracing his features.
Thank you to everyone for sticking with this story, I honestly hadn't expected it to last so long! It appears I'm a sucker for the very slow burn!
“John! I need you over here now. Mycroft’s down!”  Lestrade’s voice sounds clear over the space but the usual assertive tone is edged with worry.
“Huh,”  John’s smile makes a reappearance, this time filled with warmth.  “Why use Sherlock?  Why not just use William?”
Sherlock rouses slowly only to be welcomed back into the world of the waking with a searing pain in his head and lower arm, dried blood in his mouth and a swollen eye.
"Oh god yes!" John's cry of pleasure was all the encouragement that Sherlock needed, keeping his movements gentle he rocked into John, his weight braced on his hands either side of John's head. Each thrust brought the briefest of contact to John's cock, at once too much and too little. Altering the angle of his hips Sherlock thrust deeply eliciting a groan from John.
"I think I underestimated how tired I actually am. I'm going to turn in." John tries to stifle a yawn as he stands from his chair. "I really should shower, freshen up from travelling, but honestly, I can't be bothered."
The quick rebuke brought a flush to his cheeks before he quickly concentrated on the steps again.  Suddenly Sherlock stopped.  Lifting his head, John gave his friend a curious glance.  He could feel Sherlock tensing and relaxing his hands, he was evidently nervous about something.
Huge thanks to Lockedinjohnlock for the wonderful beta work and not laughing too loudly when I get severe cases of commaritis.
Whilst Anderson speaks Sherlock loads the first of the discs into the computer, flicking through the scenes rapidly, clear grey eyes studying each person before disregarding them and moving onto the next scene. The sound is on but the scenes are being played so fast that it sounds like nothing more than cartoon mice arguing. It occurs to John that in other circumstances he would find this amusing, maybe even sharing a giggle with Sherlock.
"What are you boys up to now? If you've broken anything, it's coming out of your rent." Her hand flutters up to her throat as John leads her over to the sofa.
Perhaps stay with me somewhere whilst we recuperate and you ‘deal with your anger’, then you can make some grand gesture - possibly at Christmas.”
John opens his mouth to answer but Sherlock interrupts. "Well obviously
Sherlock pulls a chair closer to John’s bedside, ignoring John’s disapproving glare.
"It's fine, John. I was ......" Sherlock pauses, apparently searching for an appropriate word, the frown line deepening at the ridge of his nose. "Concerned about you. You left the room so suddenly." A small smirk, "You didn't even stay to hear all my findings."
Sherlock is gradually gaining confidence in the situation, finally realising where John is going with his questioning.
John has just settled back on the sofa when his phone rings, he's tempted to ignore it and continue enjoying the comfort that is Sherlock’s long body leaning against him. However, before John has the chance to make up his mind or even twitch, Sherlock picks up John's phone from the coffee table, glancing at the display before promptly handing it over.
“Damn right.”
You will not over-exert yourself.”
“In the bathroom.”  John’s voice echoes slightly and Sherlock can hear the faint splash of water.
The word is sleep heavy but affectionate.
A response that is in support of Mary means that Sherlock will irreparably lose John; it may start as a slow drifting but it will end with them living very different lives, perhaps nodding at each other across a crowded street as someone they used to know.
John returns to the room a few minutes later. Sherlock knows, without a doubt, that John has delayed coming back into the room too quickly to allow Sherlock some time to recover his usual, impeccable poise.
“Murder? Oh my …”  One hand flutters to her chest and she is unable to answer straight away.  When she does her professional demeanour is firmly back in place.  “Doctor Watson underwent a CT scan, which revealed the existence of a subdural haematoma ..”
"I'm sorry, what?" John struggled to work out what Sherlock could be asking about. More coffee? More dancing? More sensuous groaning? Oh god, yes!
"Why would Mary be 'thrilled' to know I'm home? I don't understand how my  return would affect her."  Sherlock was surprised to see a faint blush creeping up the back of John's neck, before tinting the tips of his ears a delicate dusky pink.  John licked his lip before biting the inside; Sherlock recognised this as a sure sign of nerves.
“You’ll be getting released from hospital soon, will you return home with her?”
“You could push me by them so fast that they don't see us.”
John says, by way of introduction, his intonation flat.
The sound of beeping gradually permeates Sherlock's muddled mind, images of Watson.... John...... Drifting away like dust in the sunlight. With the return of sound comes the return of pain; pain so violent that it causes him to arch his back and clench his fists. One hand makes contact with a harsh, starched material that seems to cover his body. The other holds strong onto something hard, yet somehow soft; warm and yet strong. Sherlock forces himself to open his eyes, the bright white of the overhead light momentarily blinding him. With great difficulty he compels himself to look in the direction of his still clenched fist. John. There, his knuckles bleached white from the force of Sherlock's grip, is John's small, but strong and steady hand. Slowly, so as not to startle John, (or is that himself?) Sherlock allows his eyes to follow the rumpled cardigan sleeve up to John's broad shoulder, up over his neck, until his gaze finally rests on the face of the man himself. John Hamish Watson, doctor, ex soldier, best friend and husband to an assassin ..... Sherlock’s eyes flicker over John's dishevelled appearance. He deduces that John hasn't slept properly for five, no seven, days; that he has been surviving on hospital canteen food and coffee. A quick glimpse to the side shows that John has taken these items, or had someone bring them, and eaten at Sherlock's bedside. John's clothes are rumpled, adding to the sleep deprived look, but are not the clothes he had been wearing when Sherlock had collapsed in their.... his .... living room at 221B. Someone had been caring for John. Mary? He shakes his head slightly, even the small movement making him feel nauseated, fear starting to knot in his stomach.
Leaning in, John kisses the perfection in front of him, nipping at it occasionally, gaining ecstatic gasps and stronger clenches of his backside.
Please, please, please excuse any mistakes (drop me a polite pointer though) my beta worked tirelessly on this but I've probably made loads of mistakes on the re-typing!
Truly, madly, deeply do.
'The day we met,
Sherlock is reading through the newly found notebook. Pages full of his spidery writing lie around his feet and his pen races across his Moleskine as he translates the secrets that Empress Elisabeth consigned to their pages so many decades ago. His feet rest up on the dashboard and the bend of his legs makes the perfect rest for the books. His dark curls are unruly from where his hands have been running through them and his lower lip is chewed red. Sherlock in research mode is a Sherlock deeply absorbed. Which is why, when one long fingered hand reaches across and briefly squeezes John’s knee, he reacts with a gasp. This provokes a low chuckle from Sherlock, who continues with his work.
“Mary?
Slowly Sherlock massaged shampoo into his hair, allowing the curling tendrils to wrap over his long fingers and savouring the feeling of the suds running over his skin, their warm softness triggering the start of a fantasy. Closing his eyes Sherlock turned his thoughts to John, John's dark blue eyes, the way that he would look at Sherlock sometimes, the hidden invitation there, the one that Sherlock didn't think John was even aware of. John's open face, the way each feeling showed, even if only fleetingly, the way it would crinkle up in thought, in laughter and in anger. The firm lips that were constantly being caressed by his own tongue, the brief smiles and giggles that made Sherlock's heart miss a beat. Slowly he rubbed the shower gel over his wet skin, aware of how his body was already reacting to the thought of John, his nipples hardening, his breathing becoming shallow as his hands caressed his firm body more. He thought of John's still muscular frame, imagining the  muscles that his clothes kept hidden, the way that those muscles would move as John caressed his body.  Sherlock's  large hand grasped his hardening cock and he let his mind drift, imagining it was John's firm grip on him.  John's hand moving with a firm but gentle grip, knowing instinctively how to pleasure Sherlock.  Sherlock shifted his weight in the shower, leaning one hand against the wall, the other still stroking his cock as he allowed himself to become lost in his fantasy.  He could feel John in the shower with him, John's firm lips tracing over his face, kissing and nipping his jawline. His hand entwined with Sherlock's, both intent on giving Sherlock pleasure, his free hand kneading into Sherlock's firm arse, pulling their bodies flush.  Sherlock could feel John's arousal firm against him, its presence sending him further into his fantasy. He could feel John's breath ghosting over his skin as he told Sherlock how he needed him, how he had always needed him, would always need him.  How wonderful he felt in his hand, how he wanted to taste Sherlock, run his tongue over him, into him.
“How do you think Mr Holmes and the Detective Inspector knew you had Sherlock so quickly, dear?  I notified them.  I knew it was you as soon as I opened the door.  It takes more than a change of hair, a bit of dirt and, quite frankly, an appalling accent to fool me.” Gone is Mrs Hudson’s usual air of slight dottiness and frailty.
John shifted in his chair so he could see Sherlock more clearly, amazed at how Sherlock's hand shook as he poured the amber liquid, the bottle chiming against the glass as a testament to the flood of emotions he seemed to be experiencing. John saw Sherlock take a steadying breath before passing John his glass back.  John wanted to ask Sherlock if he was ok, to comfort him, but he knew it was too soon for that.  Sherlock needed to be aware of his own emotions before John made him deal with his as well. Sherlock's eyes were now a brilliant blue-green in the firelight and a flush was apparent on his otherwise pale skin.  Unsure now on how to proceed, John decided to change the subject to more seemingly neutral territory, wryly thinking that more drink would probably be needed for more meaningful conversations.
Standing suddenly, Greg makes to leave but Mycroft is beside him, a firm hand holding his upper arm at the bicep before John has even risen from his seat. Mycroft gentles his hold but does not release Greg.
"Of course, John.  Some things are timeless."
In dreams, both before and after his hospitalisation, John has imagined Sherlock teaching the child to walk and talk, do their shoelaces and conduct investigations; this seems to be much closer to what John wants Sherlock to be to his child.
“John! What is it?” Sherlock is immediately on high alert, his free hand fluttering uselessly above John, anxiety tightening once more in his chest even as he fights to stay calm.
Not wishing to tire John further, and knowing that Mary will not visit again until tomorrow, Sherlock decides to spend some time in the nurses’ room. By the time he has reached the door to exit John’s room Mary has already left and is well out of earshot.
John.  Above and beyond that of the love for a friend; best friend or otherwise, but he never thought that John felt anything for him beyond a deep and abiding friendship - and even that realisation had taken him far too long.
"As you should John." Sherlock pulls John closer to him, leaning slightly forward to whisper in his ear. "I assure you, you won't be disappointed." He drifts his lips lightly over the sensitive skin near John's ear, smiling at the resulting shiver. "And perhaps then you can share your 'expertise' with me?" He allows his lips to linger over John's earlobe then presses little nipping kisses along John's jawline before resting his lips against John's, only the merest hint of a kiss apparent. He leans back into his pillow and watches John as the goosebumps on his neck slowly vanish and when John opens his eyes he looks slightly dazed.
Sherlock murmurs his thanks when John takes his tray away, repositioning the candles in front of the dressing-table's mirror, causing their rays to reflect into the room. John decides against the washing up, preferring to spend his time cuddled up in bed with Sherlock. He flicks off the main room light, leaving the room lit by only the candles. The room feels romantic and intimate and John's heart speeds up at the possibility of what might happen between them next. As much as he wants to feel Sherlock come apart in his arms again, John knows that Sherlock's body needs the rest, as much as their brains and libidos would love it to be otherwise. He mulls over the possibilities as he walks towards the bed, undressing as he goes until he is clad only in his boxer shorts. He slides into bed, reaching over with his left hand for Sherlock. Sherlock stops his hand before John can make contact with his body. John raises his eyebrow in question until Sherlock runs a finger over the place where his John's wedding ring used to reside.
John has to swallow against the sudden tightness in his throat. "Mrs Hudson, I ...... You....." He blinks rapidly against the threat of tears and clears his throat, desperately searching for the right words to say to this kind, brave, old lady. Her body may be frail but John realises that inside beats the heart of a lioness. England would, indeed, fall without her, just as Sherlock had suggested all those years ago.
“She’s rather put out with you, Mary.  Insisted that she came to see that you got what was coming to you.”  John asserts, seemingly seeing nothing wrong with the presence of an old woman at the scene of a kidnapping and beating.
"Oh, and what may that be?" A note of disinterest is clear in Mycroft's voice but the quick flick of concern he directs towards Sherlock betrays him.
John clenches his fists and tilts his head up, anger clear on his features.
“So you lied to me?”
John closes his mouth and wraps his own towel loosely around his hips, valiantly ignoring the way one part of his anatomy is attempting to respond in a very physical way.
They share the compartment with only two other people; an elderly couple in simple evening wear, obviously returning from a night out at the opera.
When you're older
John looks confused at the sudden change in topic, valiantly trying to gather his muddled thoughts and reactions. "Er, of course. Get rid of the last lingering feel of the hospital, good idea." Sherlock can see the moment John takes refuge in his Doctor mode. "Don't have the water on too hot. Leave the door unlocked in case you need me. Let me change the dressing for a clean, dry one as soon as you are done." John shifts in his chair, uncomfortably aware of Sherlock's continued gaze.
"Jesus Sherlock, for a bloody genius you really do miss the obvious don't you?"
"Her name isn't Watson. In fact, I have no clue what her damn name may be; although I'm sure you do. If we have to refer to her in some recognisable format I would prefer it if we used the name Morstan."
"Seriously? Bloody hell we really did need that sleep!" John's voice was still light but he was shifting uncomfortably in Sherlock's embrace.
The night air is mild with a cool breeze that encourages them to stay close to each other, which is ideal for John’s purposes.  He stops them just far enough away from the lights of the hotel to provide a feeling of privacy, moving so that he stands in front of Sherlock.  Reaching up slowly, John lightly strokes Sherlock’s cheek; loving that he is finally allowed to do this, caress the face of the man who has long fascinated him.  He trails his fingers over soft skin, feeling the merest hint of stubble, the sensation of which makes his fingertips tingle and his thoughts turn to how Sherlock might feel elsewhere…. John shakes the thoughts away.  Just because Sherlock has responded eagerly to their kiss, even instigating further kisses, does not mean he will want a physical relationship and John is more than willing to honour that.
"More words, John?  Just get on and do it!"  Sherlock is now writhing beneath John, clutching at him frantically, trying to drag John down onto him.
“He wasn't meant to see that, he was meant to be with Mrs Hudson, I didn't want him to see that.”  Sherlock insists, he shakes his head in denial, lights blur his vision in response. “I only did it to protect him, to
Luckily the medical staff agreed and it was removed whilst you slept.”
The room is still warm and damp from John’s shower and this knowledge only heightens Sherlock’s reaction to seeing John clad only in form fitting boxer shorts.  Sherlock rests his hands on the sink countertop, his head hanging down as he laments the foolishness of his body and mind.  John is far from being a prude but the most Sherlock usually gets to see is a flash of chest and calf when he emerges from the bathroom.
"I'd like to stand. Even the small amount of effort to get from the bed to here has taken more out of me than I had deduced." Sherlock's answer comes quickly with no hesitation, and he is already shuffling closer to the loo and fiddling with the ties to his pyjama bottoms. John switches arms quickly and efficiently and only just manages to avert his eyes as Sherlock is reaching into his pyjama bottoms. The sound of liquid hitting porcelain is accompanied by a heartfelt sigh and John can't help but grin, it seems Sherlock was a lot more desperate than even his bed wriggling had indicated. He waits until Sherlock has stopped fidgeting, presumably sorting his pyjama bottoms out again, before adjusting his grip and turning once more. He surreptitiously glances in the toilet bowl, the doctor in him scanning for any obvious signs of blood in Sherlock's urine, before flushing the loo and guiding them both over to the sink. He runs the tap until the water is the perfect temperature and eases Sherlock's elegant hands beneath the stream along with his own. He dispenses the soap with his elbow straight onto their joined hands and proceeds to wash them both thoroughly, being aware of Sherlock's cannula throughout. Then, he dries his hands on the disposable paper towels before gently drying Sherlock's. Glancing up, he sees the quizzical look on Sherlock's face and John becomes aware of the fact that he is supporting Sherlock's weight as he leans heavily into him and that he has just washed both of their hands.
The Emperor Waltz they are listening to can be found here. http://youtu.be/EBLaMmxyibE
“The medical staff responded swiftly and efficiently, I vacated the room so that they had room to work. I positioned myself so that I was able to observe what was happening through the open doorway. They heavily sedated John which appears, at least temporarily, to have halted the convulsions. As they wheeled him out they informed me that he was being taken for a CT scan and then almost certainly on to surgery. They appeared to have a firm hypothesis on what they were dealing with.”
“Why don’t you do the honours?”  Sherlock rests his chin on his hand, leaning his elbow on the table; full attention completely on John.
Sherlock wriggles back up the bed, coming to a halt with his head resting on the same pillow as John's. Both men fidget a little until they are on their sides facing each other. John strokes Sherlock's cheek, smiling when Sherlock leans in to his touch.
“Alright?”  The words are barely a whisper, Sherlock manages a brief nod, words failing him.
"I'm sure John will love the opportunity to get his hands on you." Greg snorts, laughing more when he sees the mock outrage on Sherlock's face before taking in the deep flush on John's cheeks and Mycroft's look of mild discomfort at the thought of his little brother having sex.  Greg's laughter fades away naturally and he heaves himself to his feet.
John moves closer and raises his free hand, lovingly cupping Sherlock's cheek. Sherlock falls silent and leans into John's hand, his own coming up to cover it.
Sherlock gradually became aware of the sound of John giggling, the sound was like a caress, familiar, reassuring and totally intoxicating. Before meeting John, Sherlock would have felt a mixture of mortification and confusion at being laughed at, but his enforced time away from John had compelled him to rethink his sense of self. With it had come the realisation that before John he had been a desperately lonely man, in complete denial of his emotions, in a constant battle to keep them locked away as unnecessary and damaging.  He had wrapped himself up in layers of coldness and distance to keep himself from being hurt or ridiculed, but John had gradually unwrapped him.  Made him see that his idea of self had been unnecessary and idiotic and, with John at least, he allowed more of his true self to show. Now he knew that the warm giggling he could hear was a sign of trust, familiarity and affection - almost everything he could ever wish for from John. He felt his own laugh rumbling in his chest before it mingled with John's, deep baritone and light giggling, their combined sounds beautiful and comforting.
"John?" Another smoothing caress to John's cheek and John makes a concerted effort to focus, staring at the beautiful, flushed face before him. "I'm clean....... " Sherlock breaks off, pulling his lower lip between his teeth, looking pensive. John nods, he knows this, knows that because of the nature of Sherlock's work and experiments he gets regularly tested, but in his befuddled brain he can't work out why Sherlock is telling him this now. "You're clean........." John nods again; he was tested thoroughly after Mary and gets tested routinely at the surgery. Sherlock is now staring intently at John, willing him to understand. He sighs when he realises he will have to spell it out for John. "I saw that you bought condoms....." He groans in frustration. "What I'm trying to say, John, is .... We can do this without them if you want. Rather, I do, very much, not want to use them." The last sentence is hurried and Sherlock, sweaty, naked
“Um.  No, not usually much for cuddling actually.”  He reaches for Sherlock, twining their fingers together.  “I usually end up feeling hemmed in, trapped.”
Sherlock looks at John from beneath half lowered lashes, tugging his lip into his mouth and shifting his hips up. John's gaze is flicking all over him, watching Sherlock's teasing flex and pale hand playing at his pyjama waistband. John licks his lips, colour high on his cheeks, heart beating fast beneath Sherlock's other hand. He shifts slightly on the bed, easing the pressure on his burgeoning erection.
“Miss Allen, step away from Sherlock Holmes.”  An upper class accent with an almost non-existent northern lilt rings true in the silence left behind by Mrs Hudson’s revelations.
"You left Sherlock. You left again and I had no clue where you were. If you were safe. If you were even bloody alive! You left again without....." John's voice trailed off but the unspoken 'without me' was apparent to Sherlock.  "How could you do that Sherlock? Hmm? How could you do that to me again?"
“Who are these people? Who?”  Sherlock’s sharp eyes are darting around rapidly, flitting from person to person, his brow heavily furrowed.  “There’s five, no seven, people here that could possibly be of importance to Mycroft.  So who are the rest of these people?  Who?  Why did Mycroft give me their files?”  The last is directed at John, although not expectant of an answer.
“Ok there, love?  You seem miles away.”  John slowly releases Sherlock’s hand, sliding his palm beneath Sherlock’s open coat and suit jacket, around Sherlock’s back until it rests, warm and distracting, just above the waistband of Sherlock’s trousers.
"No John, I consider myself
John groans as Sherlock’s fingers teasingly drift over his growing erection as it pushes against the black boxers.
John spent the first part of his morning rearranging his appointments, using his influence with the other doctors to take them over or simply moving them to another date. This meant that he now had the next week off and only needed to work the rest of the morning.
"Sherlock....... Please." John doesn't care that he's begging, he needs to feel Sherlock inside him
“Coincidence?”  John remains in his original position, a small smile playing over his lips, his eyes sparkling.
John? Are you avoiding my texts? - SH
“Is it?” Mary snaps, she looks supremely pissed off at being back at the hospital and Sherlock notes with amusement the small smirk of satisfaction on his brother’s face.
When Sherlock can finally speak, it is little more than a croaked 'John!' but his facial expressions and flushed cheeks make it very clear to John that his impassioned speech was very well received, if poorly timed. John once again feeds some ice to Sherlock; it's mostly ice water in the cup and he has to fish around a bit for some chips. This time he deliberately allows his fingers to linger on Sherlock's lips, his eyelids fluttering shut when Sherlock briefly sucks them in to his mouth. John shifts in his chair and surreptitiously adjusts his straining erection, blushing when Sherlock eagerly follows his movements.
It starts off tentative but ends in deep chuckles and high giggles as Sherlock finally pulls out and collapses in an ungainly sprawl of long limbs next to John.
The action drags at Sherlock’s loose shirt, showing a large expanse of creamy white skin speckled with a constellation of freckles and moles.
Mrs Hudson places a mug of tea by John's chair, encouraging his move to sit down. She hovers for a moment longer before disappearing back downstairs, her cheeks still a light rose-pink but a gentle smile lights her features.
When you found me I had been using for a case, nothing more.
Hours later, he had awoken, confused to find John with him, and for them both to have been asleep on the floor.  He had quickly realised that he had had a nightmare and that John must have woken up and came to check on him. He had moved John onto the bed to save him pain, had fought down  laughter at John's sleepy attempts at speech.  He had been unable to stop himself from touching John, but had managed to limit himself to holding John's capable hands against his heart, knowing that his heart would always be John's to have.
"John ... I.." Whatever he was going to say is lost when John takes a small step back. The reaction had been spontaneous from John, knowing that, if Sherlock touched him now, he would be unable to resist kissing him. Then Sherlock would end up resenting him, either for an unwelcome kiss or for time wasted that should be spent on a case. John worries that he has hurt Sherlock's feelings, feelings that John had denied him capable of having for so long, but no, Sherlock nods slightly, hope in his eyes.
he took them."
"No baby?" Sherlock questions as he sinks to the floor.
"Don't be ridiculous John, you are not a purple cartoon elephant!" Sherlock can feel the smile pulling at the side of his mouth, the sudden image of John as an adorable character from a book racing across his mind.
"Why did you congratulate my buttons?"  It had taken a while for the words to soak through Sherlock's hormone-drenched brain but now he wonders what John might have meant by them.
“Those being that Mycroft is a git and Lestrade lives in a place barely fit for human habitation.”
Seeing John emerge from the kitchen had been ludicrously reassuring and he had been unable to keep the silly smile from his face. John had given him his coffee - microwaved after going cold - just how long had he slept? - and then sat on the floor next him, ignoring his chair. The Irish coffee had been a pleasant surprise.  Of course John would know how to make it perfectly for Sherlock, sweet and heavily dosed with whiskey. They had both made short work of their drinks; Sherlock remembered how intently John had been studying him whilst he drank, how that observation had made his skin heat, how desperately he had wanted John back in his arms. He had offered to make another drink, surprising John with the uncharacteristic act. He had then put a new song on to play. 'A Thousand Years.' When he had stumbled across the song it had awoken a half remembered impression of a legend. He had meant to tell John all about it but the look of surprise on John's face at Sherlock's sentimentality had stolen the words from his mind; instead he had busied himself with the coffee. He had meant to tell John that the legend said that one of the gods had been unhappy with the contentment of man and had split them into two parts, and that from then on mankind had been searching for their other half, their soul mate. When they found that person, that was when they became whole once more. He had loved John for a thousand years, would love him for a thousand more; his heart had indeed found its home. John was his other half, his soul mate, a part of him he hadn't even known was missing.
“Always so demanding my dear John.
Sherlock raises their joined hands to his lips and presses a small kiss to John's knuckle. He knows that John will correctly interpret it as the heartfelt thanks it is.
he breaks off at John’s sharp look, “one of the trustworthy lads,” Bill hastily corrects, “to ‘elp me bring it out of the Doctor’s old bedroom.
“Well, this is a pleasant surprise.”  His smile now more of a grimace.
I never said but I do love this longer hair of yours.
Sherlock smiles, slow and seductive.
"You seem very attached to that ring for a man who isn't living with his wife."  Mary quips, nodding her head at John's hands.
Mrs Hudson tenderly wiped a tear from Sherlock's cheek. "I'm not going to start lying to you now. Yes dear, I think he does..." Her words were interrupted by a choked sound that Sherlock had been unable to restrain. "... I think he does, but, and this is the vital bit here, it's not the same as the love he feels for you. And Mary knows it."
Mycroft and Greg continue to visit daily.  To Sherlock's surprise, no new information about Mary is brought forth and their evening discussions become strangely relaxed, their talks now more akin to that of friends and he finds himself enjoying the new sensation and hopes that it will continue once he leaves the hospital.
"Bloody hell, Sherlock! Give a bloke some privacy!" John immediately feels contrite for snapping at Sherlock, especially after he had been so supportive the previous night. A towel suddenly appears at the edge of the cubicle, before being jiggled wildly at him. Peering out, he can see that Sherlock is facing away and discreetly looking at his phone, a faint flush apparent at the nape of his neck. Grabbing the towel, John wraps it securely around his hips before stepping out of the shower cubicle.
"Nothing's wrong.  I just really need to pee but I'm loath to get out of bed." John's face flooded with colour at this admission but it was accompanied by a wry smile and giggle.  Loosening his embrace, Sherlock allowed John to move, laughing alongside him.  John paused on the edge of the bed, searching around for something else to slip on over his boxer shorts.
“Er, yes, exactly as I would order.”  John concurs, pushing Sherlock further into Mycroft’s room.
when you confronted her about her actions - I will not need to act about how pissed off I am with her, that will be the easiest thing about this whole farce.”
“Did I get shot on a case?” He queries, confusion heavy on his brow.
Raising himself up on his elbows, Sherlock gazes down at John's flushed face.  "You were magnificent, John.  I'm sure this is one experiment you will be happy to repeat." Sherlock's voice is gravelly, his breath musky as it gusts across John's face.
Mrs Hudson receives an eloquent shrug before Enid starts talking, wincing occasionally when the antiseptic solution catches something particularly sore.
Sherlock closes his eyes in pleasure when the grip on his neck tightens, briefly. It seems he's not the only one who is affected by the recollection of last night's activities. Sherlock clears his throat before continuing, his words hushed and husky.
When they emerge, the office is still, thankfully, empty. John can see Molly working at one of the computers in the lab, earphones in, her back deliberately turned. He leaves Sherlock sitting in the office, the flush on Sherlock's cheeks now starting to subside, and walks down the stairs to see Molly. She starts slightly when he taps her, quickly removing the earphones.
He leaves, the soft hiss of the door swinging shut innocuous after what has just ensued in the hospital room.
“Which, John? Be specific.” Sherlock presses the length of his body against John’s and John can feel the way that Sherlock’s heart races too, can feel the firm press of Sherlock’s penis against him.
"I believe so. But I have been unsure that he feels that way about me, that he would welcome my advances.” He steps closer to John and John lets his arm slide further around Sherlock’s waist, holding him securely.
"John, you need to get up off the floor, it's not good for your shoulder."  Even through his sleepy haze, John could hear the concern in Sherlock's voice but it required too much effort to move.
He flinches at the loss of John's body heat when John moves away to start the shower running but is soon filled with a soft warmth as he watches John go about the commonplace tasks of preparing the shower. Sherlock watches the way John's muscles expand and contract as he stretches a hand under the water, adding more hot to the mix, the added stretch over to the taps elongating John's back muscles and showing their unexpected strength. Sherlock uses the time to study John; naked John is much slimmer than his bulky clothes would suggest, there's a slight softening of flesh over John's hips that Sherlock suspects leads onto John's stomach, a left-over from pre-army days when John was just slightly on the plump side. Sherlock suspects that no matter how hard John had trained or worked out that stubborn little area would just not go, he feels an irrational surge of love towards these rounded parts of John's body. Just like John himself these parts had remained true to their original form, stubbornly holding on, not changing for change's sake and Sherlock has to fight back the sudden need to reach out and run his fingers over them, to feel the smooth skin and soft give of flesh under his sensitive fingertips.
"Unfortunately, not." Mycroft is, once again, the one to tackle the subject. "We suspect she had an alliance of some sort with James Moriarty but we have been unable, at this current time, to pinpoint what. We have heard through various sources, rumours that Moriarty is about to become active again."
Sherlock had spent so many years telling everyone he was a high functioning sociopath that he had almost come to believe it himself. He had created the label many years prior when life was just too overwhelming for him to cope.  He had locked his emotions down, buried them deep. Convincing himself that Mycroft had been right, that caring was not an advantage, he had physically and mentally stepped away from everyone and everything, his only release being through chasing the brief high of drugs later followed by the high caused by solving crimes. Now those locked-down emotions were escaping, threatening to overwhelm him, rushing from him with the force of a tsunami. The catalyst?
"An hour, maybe two."  Sherlock shrugs, eager for John not to know what he had been thinking about. John's sharp eyes flick over him, noting the residual tension in his shoulders, but elects to say nothing and for that, Sherlock is grateful.
Sherlock took his hands away from John but held his arms out as if inviting John for a hug. Taking a deep breath and wondering when his life had become quite so surreal he stepped closer before putting one foot on each of Sherlock's, all the time trying to think 'light' thoughts in the hope that it would stop him squashing Sherlock's feet.
“Alright love?” John’s voice is intimate, rich with love and care and that instinctive need of John’s is enough for Sherlock to relax totally into the situation.
“Do it, John.
“Admittedly, there will be times where I may get ‘twitchy’ for a fix but I have ways to cope when I need to.
“Much appreciated, Mr ‘olmes.”
Sherlock tilts his head up so he can watch John as he walks away, finally able to be blatant in his appreciation.
It drapes, almost artistically over their legs and hips, covering their nakedness but in no way hiding what happened between them.
"Preposterous." Sherlock announces, closing his eyes against the sudden vision of a very much alive Moriarty mocking him in this very living room, the back of his head missing but his eyes still sparkling with malicious delight. "Blew his own brains out on the rooftop of Bart's. You know this Mycroft, you had a team come and clean up the carnage."
Their breathing evens out and they become aware of their awkward positioning on the bed, with a shared look and light laughter they both move until they are more comfortably situated. They lie with their heads on one pillow, their bodies still seeking the other out even though the urgency to be together has passed.  The flush on their skin and stained and disarrayed clothes the only evidence of their earlier exertions.
(See the end of the chapter for
“John?” Sherlock’s voice is more urgent now.  “John? I need you to wake up.  Please John, wake up.  Wake up for me.”
My choice.
“She called my bluff. She took the opportunity to finish the job off properly, shooting at what she believed to be me.” Sherlock shudders, just speaking of the experience takes him back to the empty house, powerless to prevent the events unrolling. “It was you that she mistakingly shot. Nothing more than a graze, thanks to your quick reflexes but unfortunately you crashed into the brick wall head-first, this resulted in a subdural haematoma. You underwent an operation recently to remove it.”
John smiles up at him, his handsome face relaxed.  “Can’t you deduce it?”
John moved back up the length of Sherlock's body, still keeping his body lifted, just teasing with the briefest of contacts. This time John's kisses were less chaste, more intense, his tongue thrusting into Sherlock's mouth, meeting and caressing his tongue with his own. He licked deeply into Sherlock's mouth, running his tongue along the edge of Sherlock's teeth, exploring the roof of his mouth, then returning to stroke his tongue against Sherlock's, finally mimicking a gentle thrusting motion - a promise of what was still to come. John returned his attentions to Sherlock's full lips, a mixture of nipping and sucking kisses, drawing away each time Sherlock tried to reciprocate, returning to cut off the end of each gasped protest. Sherlock arched his back, desperately trying to make more points of contact, all the time battling to retain some small measure of self control. Frantically Sherlock reached for John, once again threading his fingers back through John's hair before pulling him in for a deeper kiss, groaning with John when his wish was finally granted.  Suddenly both men gasped, John had lowered his body and now both cocks were touching.  At the first contact a desperate bolt of intense pleasure shot through them. Both men rocked against each other, foreskin sliding back to expose the sensitive head of their cocks, pre-come easing the friction, making each slide intense. Groaning with pleasure, Sherlock threw his head back, exposing the marks John gave him. Their hearts racing, bodies covered in a sheen of sweat, the lean muscles of both men glistening as they moved.
Together they climb under the duvet, moving so that Sherlock rests his head on John’s good shoulder, their legs entwined.
“Mycroft collected me from the hospital and drove me to Leinster Gardens. He knew what had happened and understood why I wanted to confront Mary in that manner.  He wasn't happy, but he did it.  I had purposefully left the window in this room open to make you and John believe I had simply climbed out of the window.” There’s a fleeting smirk before sadness once again clouds Sherlock’s face.  “I knew Mary would know the right people to ask and, sure enough, she found her way to me. Numbers twenty-three and twenty-four Leinster Gardens. Demolished except for their facade and a small space behind, perfect for what I needed. A controlled confrontation of Mary.  John deserved the truth. I swore to myself I would never lie to him again about things that directly concerned his safety after … after I left him.”
It is this final thought that brings him fully awake and reaching for the button to raise the head of his bed, a quick scan of the room shows the absence of John.
John reassures him before pulling Sherlock into a kiss; he uses Sherlock’s momentary distraction to turn them so that Sherlock is now lying on top, his long body draped over John’s more sturdy form.
Loses track of everything except for the feel of John in his arms.
A light flush graces his cheeks.
"I'll always need you, John."
“What if you created a situation where you were in close proximity with him?”
“The moment you awoke I would have naturally updated you on the situation. You need your sleep so that you can heal effectively, the extra time gained by letting you sleep would be unlikely to be detrimental to the good doctor’s health.”
Long fingers trace over the curve of John's arms, arms so often covered that their reveal is akin to Sherlock's nakedness. John has never been prudish about his body but it was rare if Sherlock ever saw more than a brief flash of legs. Now, being able to touch skin, having the opportunity to bare more, causes Sherlock's already eager erection to firm up more. Sherlock only spares a moment to feel relieved that the morphine is finally out of his system and his body back to fully functioning order before tugging at the waist of John's t-shirt. He pulls it free of John's jeans, running an exploratory hand along the waistband, fingers dipping briefly beneath the denim, pulling a breathy moan from John.
“Sherlock!” A shout rings out and then several things happen at once.  Sherlock feels Mary’s pressure on the gun falter and wrenches his head back. Footfalls pound in his direction, oddly accompanied by the distinct retort of gunshots.  A human form falls against him before rolling to the floor, at the same time he registers the dull thud of a body hitting the ground in the near distance.  Slow seconds pass before a gentle hand is on his cheek, it’s a touch Sherlock knows and loves. Blearily he forces his eyes to open and looks up in to the worried face of John Watson and he hopes with all his heart that this isn’t part of a hallucination.
"Er, yes." John wets his lips again and stands taller, determined not to let Greg and Mycroft make him squirm like a teenager being caught with their hands down someone else's underwear.
"Excellent questions, John." Sherlock allows his gaze to linger on John before looking out of the window. He reaches into his pocket and pulls out a small, thick notebook. The cover is of dark, unadorned leather, and a quick flick through reveals pages of cramped handwriting, the language Germanic in origin. Tucked into a pocket inside the back cover is a small package - brown paper slightly discoloured with age. "Another one of Empress Elisabeth's notebooks, it seems, to detail the exploits of her children in their adult years. Obviously it doesn't provide the answer as to where Lechner hid the gems, but I do believe it will provide the clue as to
For a long time Sherlock remains awake, his mind busy even as his body relaxes.  This morning he believed that he and John would only ever be friends; this evening he has everything he could ever want.  Far more than he feels he deserves; he’s not an idiot - despite what his brother may think - he is not going to turn down a relationship with John.
“And I avoided giving a definite answer either way.”
Sherlock's eyebrow rises in query.  (Thank you for your help, Angelo. Quite an unusual name you have.)
This chapter is unbetaed as my lovely beta is rushed off her feet with her glorious podfics. In fact I'm in need of a beta reader! Anyone interested? I'm a fussy bugger I'm afraid, I'll mostly need my beta to help with rogue punctuation and over use of words.
I want to thank every one who has stuck with me throughout this story and to welcome those who have found it since.  I really hope you enjoy this story as much as I have enjoyed writing it.
“Truthfully?”  John asks, laughter lining his face.  “Not much.  So I thought we could just…..”  He pulls Sherlock closer, releasing their joined hands, instead placing both arms around Sherlock’s body, drawing their bodies close.  “Wing it.”
John rubs soothingly at Sherlock’s back, tightening his hold.  “No.  Not Mary.  I did love her, as much as I was able.  Although that became harder after ….”  John trails off, moving one hand to rest over Sherlock’s heart and the scar that lies near by.  “But no, it wasn’t Mary.  It was before her.”
"John, be reasonable." Sherlock sounds calm but John can hear the wariness in his voice. "Molly is the logical choice. Mike Stamford no longer carries out medical work, hiding in the world of teaching. I suspected you wouldn't want any work colleagues, past or present, involved which leaves Molly. Anything else could take weeks to arrange and gain the results and," Sherlock loses some of his bluster and John finally sees how nervous Sherlock actually is, "And I thought you wanted the results as quickly as possible."
"Putting up those stupid walls again. You don't need to protect us from you Sherlock, we know who really are and we love you. Don't you dare lock yourself away again! I lost you once; I'm too old to go through that nonsense again young man!"  The iron in her words convincing Sherlock of their sincerity.
"Here. Take the damn thing." John shoves the ring at Sherlock, wincing when Sherlock carefully takes it from him.
For once Sherlock's eloquence fails him and his features speak for him. Eyes soft in a way that he's previously only allowed to show when he knew John wasn't looking. All his longing laid bare and clear for John to finally see, his clear blue-green eyes shimmering with the depth of his emotions.
“Come on, Sweetheart.  Auntie Molly will be here soon to pick you up.  Daddy and Sherlock have got to help Uncle Greg.”  John hitches her up in his arms, making his way carefully downstairs, knowing Molly will be arriving soon.
“Not much.” Mary barely manages to stifle her sigh of relief. “A ruined house? A wheelchair? Then just darkness.” John groans in obvious frustration at his inability to remember more.
“John.  It’s Sherlock.”  He starts hesitantly, unsure what to say before deciding to tell John what has happened to him, believing that he will appreciate the knowledge.  “You had a haematoma on the left side of your brain, it caused you to suffer a series of convulsions.  They believe it be a result of the head injury you received.”  He avoids implicating Mary, not wishing to influence John’s opinion of her, that will be a conversation for another time.  “Mr Rajkoomar performed a craniotomy on you, the procedure was successful and you're in recovery now.  You’ll have a couple of new scars, of course; one on your right arm from your earlier injury; one on the left side of your head from this.  Your hair will cover it, especially if you grow it a bit longer.  The one on your arm will be partially covered by your t-shirt sleeves, totally covered by those bloody jumpers you insist on wearing.”
“Well……. “  Sherlock searches around for a valid argument but fails.  “I refuse to enjoy it.”
Sherlock admits.
Reaching for the shampoo, John muses over his enigmatic friend. In all the time they have known one another, he has never seen Sherlock show more than a fleeting interest in anyone, male or female, and certainly not a romantic or sexual interest. Rinsing the shampoo from his hair, John grudgingly admits that there was the 'thing' with Irene Adler, something he is still not sure how to classify, a blip on an otherwise clear horizon. Rubbing shower gel over himself; John thinks of Sherlock's sham of a relationship with Janine, and even now he feels a stab of jealousy. Crossly, John shakes his head: he has no right to be jealous of any relationship Sherlock may have had, or indeed, will have. However, seeing Sherlock kissing and caressing Janine had stabbed something deep within John. Thinking back on it now, with a relatively clear head, it's obvious the kisses were a sham - at least for Sherlock. She had supposedly spent enough time with him that she was comfortable walking in whilst Sherlock was bathing and moving furniture around; and yet, Sherlock had not looked like he was enjoying the close contact, the teasing. Even going so far as to screw his eyes up when they kissed. And that kiss, thinks John as he scrubs at his skin; that was no lovers kiss, there was no passion, no love, no lust. John switches the shower off, reaching for a towel as he steps out. He should have realised what was happening when Sherlock turned back from the door with any expression of caring for Janine wiped clean from his face. Slowing his energetic towelling-down, John acknowledges that the soft smiles that _he_ draws from Sherlock don't just suddenly disappear, they linger, and now John has the heated gazes that he is receiving from Sherlock to add to his growing suspicion that maybe, just maybe, Sherlock feels something more than friendship for his rather ordinary friend. Slipping into his pyjamas, John finally leaves the en-suite, secure in the knowledge that, on some level, he is vital to Sherlock.
“He is not my anything, except perhaps for my friend.”  He ignores the pang of sadness he feels at his words.
“I think so.  Come on
For a while they watch the stars, stealing kisses whenever the mood takes them, the appearance of a sudden meteor shower holding them both entranced.
John is beginning to feel quite breathless, their physical closeness very affecting.
“Mmm.
“Closer.”
"You really want to know?" His words are husky, his own want for Sherlock now clear in his voice. He studies Sherlock's face closely; when it is evident that there is no guile he licks his lips and delights in the way that Sherlock tracks the movement of his tongue. "I want to trace the shape of your mouth with my cock. I want to leave the wet evidence of my desire glistening on your lips, to see it shining on your skin before you lick it off and sample a taste of me. I want to slide my cock inside that delectable mouth of yours and feel it embrace me. I want to feel your lips slide along my hard length and I want to feel your tongue work me, teasing the head of my cock, tasting me. I want to see your lips purse tight around me as you suck and I want to see some of my release dribble from your mouth when I come, the rest I want to see you swallow. I want to taste myself on your lips and in your mouth, and then, I want to do the same to you. Christ, how I want."
The amazing, helpful, supportive and kind Lockedinjohnlock has taken on the tough task of helping me to knock this into shape in the hope of turning into a podfic. I can't praise her dedication and kindness enough! She is helping to improve my writing and my confidence in it. I am hugely flattered that she has offered to look this over and (fingers crossed) podfic this!
Sherlock raised his face from where it had been buried against her shoulder, his quick silver eyes meeting hers. He could feel a small ray of hope blooming deep in his chest, knew the wonder was clear on his face. Knew that all his emotions were laid bare for this wonderful woman to see.
“I want a photo of my boys and their little angel, can never have enough of those!”
"Probably." Sherlock grins crookedly at John, his head ducked down so that he looks at John through his overly long fringe. "But I'm not sure I would have enjoyed it quite so much."
"Yes, I am! I keep trea.... Hang on a minute, you got that reference?" The look of utter amazement on John's face should have been insulting but instead Sherlock found himself thinking how loveable John looked at that moment.
(See the end of the chapter for
"No. No. No. No." He flips each photograph away and John watches as each frozen face flutters to the floor, their expressions unchanging as their fate is summarily announced. Within seconds Sherlock reaches the end of the pile and huffs in frustration before snatching the list of names away from John. "These names are of no use without images, Anderson. We need faces, names are transient things, as changeable as the British summer!"
"Where the bloody hell have you been Sherlock? Hmmm?" John's voice was dangerously calm; the words steady, only the throat clearing alerted Sherlock to the fact that John Watson was furious.
John wants to say something deep and meaningful in reply but his body is almost in complete control, his mind merely along for the ride.  After a few false starts John manages to croak out 'anytime' before sliding his fingers into Sherlock's damp, softly curling hair.  Twisting his hips slightly, John rests his cock against Sherlock's cheek. It's an unsubtle hint, but he desperately needs to feel Sherlock's mouth around him again.  John is certain he has never been this turned on before just from the prospect of a blow job and a few dirty words, but he knows it's not the sexual act or words that have reduced him to a quivering mess, it's who the act is with.  He knows he never wants to be with anyone else.  Sherlock is his Everything, his Evermore.  This moment is so much more than sex.  This is making love.  This is a sacred vow.  It is an eternal promise.
“Hello beautiful.” The words tumble easily from John’s lips, only slightly slurred from the lingering effects off the anaesthetic. The greeting causes heat to rush to Sherlock’s cheeks, adding colour to his usually pale complexion. “Wow, you are so gorgeous.”
As always, my heartfelt thanks go out to my Beta, Lockedinjohnlock, her comma taming continues! (Also, if you see a particularly good turn of phrase or word choice, it's probably hers!)
"No, John!" Sherlock's face coloured with the realisation of how his words had sounded. "Your dancing performance! I meant your dancing performance!"
"Yes, right, coming." Wetting his lips with a quick swipe of the tongue, John mentally girded himself for the challenge awaiting him - dancing with Sherlock whilst maintaining a cool demeanour and hopefully not treading on Sherlock's toes in the process. John took the stairs two at a time, bounding through the door, quickly spinning on the spot to lock it behind him.
“I ‘adn’t ‘eard ‘e were expecting.”  Enid replies, taking a slurp of her tea.  “I was real surprised when I ‘eard e’d got ‘itched, thought it would be just ‘im and Sherlock for life, like.”
He opens his eyes and is startled to see a flash of something very similar to genuine sentiment skitter across his brother's face before it is once again wiped clear. Glancing over, he watches as John smothers an indulgent smile at the two men's interactions, averting his gaze until he has his reactions under control.
John can feel Sherlock's tongue as it teases him before Sherlock lets him slip slowly back out.  Sherlock rests his head against the muscular curve of John's thigh, his breath coming in soft pants against John's skin.  " I could never have deduced this about you John, I am honoured that you allowed me to see it."
"Don't be an idiot, John." Sherlock's words are coming more slowly as sleep fights to win his body. "I always want to hold you, just I never could before."
Lower lip redder and plumper than usual.  Chewed upon.  Nervous?
John only just chokes back ‘are you wearing any pants’, as it’s blatantly obvious that Sherlock isn’t.
She pauses briefly.
The oddities in our dreams often seem to linger when the more commonplace elements simply fade away.”
“And with Brian?” Sherlock asks.
Cheeks flushed, pulse in neck throbbing. From run upstairs and shock of suggestion.
“I ache for you.”
; he thought he knew what it was when they were in the dining room but no, he is still missing something.  Something that is the key to this whole weekend.
“Is everything alright with them up there?”  She reaches for her tea with a slightly shaking hand.
"This area here I've spent too many hours thinking about.  The way it deepens when you laugh, or pant, or when you whip that bloody scarf off.  Jesus Christ Sherlock, watching you take that damn thing off is like being at a private strip show, so much beautiful, bare skin suddenly on show."  John pants into Sherlock's neck, savouring the sensation of Sherlock rocking up into him, the edge of desperation is still apparent, but Sherlock is maintaining control - just.
John states, his lips brushing lightly against Sherlock’s.
Sherlock’s answer is barely more than a whisper, his eyes fixed on John’s face, his colour high.
have been. If the last few years have taught me anything, it’s that I should grab what I want with both hands.”
“I want .... I want to...” Unable to find the words for what ever it is he actually wants John laves his tongue over Sherlock’s nipple, loving the way it causes Sherlock to arch up against him.
"But what about you? I do love you Mary but......"
“You, of all people, Miss Allen should know the importance of protecting those that share our DNA.”  Mycroft shifts his stance so that he is no longer leaning on his ubiquitous umbrella, his grip on the handle subtly altering.
"None at all. She left the employ of the CIA aged 24. The records of her actions since are spotty to say the least, but we have been able to ascertain that she went 'freelance', for want of a more appropriate term, working for the highest bidder; unscrupulous in what work she performed."
“Something isn’t right, John.”  He gestures to a middle-aged couple seated a few tables away. “Take him for example.  He is listed as one of the delegates for this weekend, a so called
“I ignored what I read because I thought I was just being the selfish arsehole we both know that I am.
Sherlock studies John for a long moment, observing his still-relaxed sprawl, the carefree smile and the way John is looking at him in return. It seems that, now John has finally allowed the true depth of his feelings out, he is confident in his emotions; no hesitancy, no last minute doubts. They've known each other for half a decade, been in regular contact or living together for over half of that; if John is still sure of his feelings after all this time, Sherlock decides he will not be the one to persuade him otherwise.
Even in his sleep Sherlock had maintained a strict gap between them, unwilling to cross some unspoken line. John had asked about Sherlock's scars and he had told him.  Thinking over the events of his imprisonment again, Sherlock waited for the panic and fear to take hold of him; there was some, but now it was in the background, fading into black and white rather than the technicolour monstrosity it had previously been.  Earlier that morning, he had allowed himself to cry in John's embrace and as he cried he felt some of the burden he had been carrying, dissolve.  John's supportive arms had held him as sobs had torn him apart.  After, they had both fallen into an exhausted, entwined sleep and he had finally felt whole.
John breathes out an awkward laugh and lightly dances his fingers over his gunshot wound dressing, before doing the same on the site of his head injury.
"God, we are going to regret this amount of drink in the morning!" Sherlock just shrugged  and swirled the remaining ice around in his glass. Reaching across to the side table John grabbed the bottle of whiskey and topped his own glass up before noticing Sherlock leaning forward with his empty glass outstretched. John realised that he was feeling much too relaxed and lazy to keep stretching all night and decided to move the drinks closer.  Standing, he determined that it was the perfect opportunity to create a more intimate setting with Sherlock and pushed his chair closer to the fire, conveniently moving it in closer proximity to his flatmate; he then moved the small table with the drinks.  A slight bubble of laughter escaped when he saw that Sherlock had also moved his chair.  God, he had missed this man so much.
Some of the strength has returned to John’s voice and Sherlock knows better than to disobey.
Eventually, the tears cease but Sherlock still remains curled into John. John's shoulder and pillow are now soaked with salty tears but neither man makes any move to alter their positions.
“It’s not ‘cute’, John.”
His right hand rests lightly upon the flat plane of his stomach, his left arm is tucked, bent, under his head, allowing him a clear view of the way John remains frozen a few feet into the room. Water droplets glisten on Sherlock’s skin in the warm light of the bedside lamp and John has the sudden urge to lick and kiss the wet away, to nuzzle his face in the still damp thatch of pubic hair curling at the base of Sherlock’s erect cock.
They walk the short distance to the bathroom, arms loosely around each other's waists, enjoying the pleasure such simple contact brings. Sherlock keeps glancing over at John, still almost unwilling to believe that it's all absolutely real. That John has left Mary, that Mycroft is having papers drawn up that will nullify the marriage, that John has returned home and that John seems to want, maybe even love, him as much as he does John. If it weren't for the slight itch of their combined semen drying on his skin and the ache in his legs, Sherlock is certain he would be able to write off the earlier events as a particularly realistic fantasy.
Sherlock grits out, disgust apparent in his eyes.
(See the end of the chapter for
John looks down at their linked hands, his thumb rubbing briefly over the back of Sherlock’s hand, unaware of the jolt of sensation it sends racing through Sherlock’s body.
“Nothing.”  John is interrupted by a very undignified snort.  “Yeah, I was surprised too.  He said he was willing to help as he found our ‘mutual pining’ both ‘tedious’ and ‘pointless’ and that he hoped this meant we would - and I’m paraphrasing here - bugger off and bloody leave him alone!”
Wisely, Sherlock acquiesces to Mrs. Hudson, silently acknowledging that although he may return to his room when required he has absolutely no intention of staying there.  His place is by John’s side and he can heal just as effectively in this part of the hospital as in the other.
John huffs out a laugh at the return of Sherlock's wonderful logic.  "I know, you idiot.  It's supposed to be romantic. But if anyone can find a way to have forever and a day it will be you." He rubs his nose against Sherlock's, little Eskimo kisses that feel second nature to him.  He watches as the colour deepens on Sherlock's cheeks, as Sherlock gently tugs his lower lip between his teeth.  Feels the exhalation of warm breath against his own cheek as Sherlock breathes deeply in an attempt to calm his racing emotions.
Sherlock intently studies John’s face, searching for further clues and is surprised to see both embarrassment and disappointment there.
"John?" Sherlock reaches for John's other hand, inordinately pleased when John meets him half way. "Is there any reason to believe that Mary isn't pregnant?"
“Christ.”
John sits wrapped in his shock and Sherlock is unwilling to break the fragile hold that John has on his emotions; Magnussen simply soaks in the unpleasant atmosphere.
"How long until our visitor arrives?" John's voice is heavy with relaxation and he wriggles into the mattress, trying to make himself more comfortable.
John’s hand pauses in its motion as he eagerly watches Sherlock let the opening of his trousers fall free, confirming John’s suspicion that Sherlock, is indeed, not wearing any pants underneath his trousers.
“Just because I don't wear my heart on my sleeve, like some people I could mention, it doesn't mean I don't have one.”
Other songs had been more melancholy, the words alerting John to how much he would have been missed and how empty and alone Sherlock would have felt without him.
"Well, the least I can do is help you with it. Maybe some massage when we get back to the hotel?"
"I'm sure you know exactly how to care for me, John.  It's hardly your first gunshot wound."  Sherlock winces as he realises how insensitive those words are.
“Tolerable.”  Sherlock looks down at John’s still form, his face softening. “How’s he doing?” Logically Sherlock knows that nothing will have changed in the ten minutes he took to eat his food, but emotionally? Emotionally Sherlock feels the need to know about every minuscule change that indicates that John is on the mend.
“Because you kissed me? Christ, you never need to apologise for kissing me.”  He huffs out a laugh.  “Especially like that.  Wow.”  He laughs again, the laughter gradually turning into a giggle, before long the sound of a deep baritone chuckle joins it.
John's coat, the coat he had worn out to his date, was now back on the coat hook.
"Oh God!" John buries his face against Sherlock's shoulder, willing the tears not to spill. He never thought he'd hear those words from Sherlock. On the occasions that he let himself fantasise, he had imagined the words would either be rushed or bitten out. Never in his wildest dreams had he thought the words would be so earnestly delivered, so heartfelt. He finally manages to get his tears under control and pulls back to look at Sherlock. Sherlock's eyes are bright with unshed tears of his own and a soft smile plays over his lips. "I love you, too, Sherlock." It's a simple statement but John feels like a weight has been lifted from his heart. Sherlock's eyes drift closed as he absorbs John's words.
He sucked hard on Sherlock's cock before slowly releasing him. Glancing up he could see how utterly wrecked Sherlock looked. A deep red flush on his face and chest, accentuating his handsome features, his full lips marked with the impression of his teeth. His dark curls, wet with sweat, spread about the pillow, making a sinful halo around his face.
“I’ll be back later today, Sherlock.”
Sorry to leave you in the lurch last week, hope the double length (almost triple length!) chapter makes up for it!
John chuckles when Sherlock pushes against his left shoulder until he is lying flat on his back.  The chuckles turn into laughter as Sherlock pokes and prods at him, arranging him to his liking, finally resting his head on John’s right shoulder, his arm over John’s midriff.  Still quietly laughing, John slides his arm around Sherlock, before turning his head to drop a kiss on Sherlock’s head.  He moves slightly so that he is able to run his fingers through Sherlock’s soft curls before closing his eyes, relaxed and untroubled.  John drifts off to the sound of Sherlock’s contented sighs.
"I'm going to lead from the position of being your following party. Obviously." Sherlock rolled his eyes at John. "Until you learn the steps I am going to explain it to you and manipulate your body through the necessary movements. I would have thought that would have been self explanatory."
The waiter gathers up their empty cups, the two forks and the now empty apple strudel plate, his head tilted to one side in thought.
When the giggling had finally ceased, Sherlock was feeling rather pleased with himself. He had amazed John again, this time through the simple expedient of eating and tidying up afterwards.
"So..... What should I do about Mary?" Mrs Hudson's sudden enquiry jolts John out of his relaxed state and causes Sherlock to throw him a worried glance before bestowing a glare in Mrs Hudson's direction. "Oh, don't look at me like that Sherlock Holmes. I know she shot you and I know that John is not returning to her." She glances at John, taking in his open mouth and wide eyes. "It's obvious that you've finally told Sherlock how you feel; about time too, John, and I'd think rather poorly of you if you left him after that." She glances between both men, shrewdly not mentioning their blushes or gaping mouths. "The question remains though, what do I do about Mary? Obviously, she thinks John is here looking after you as you recuperate, Sherlock, but does she know he's not going back?"
"Sorry? What for? He doesn't know who shot you, does he?" John feels a rush of anger directed at whichever member of their close knit team has broken their trust.
Sherlock slumps into his chair, less grace than usual apparent. Blue-green eyes dance over the inspector, reading infinitesimal clues from his clothes, his posture, the lines on his face and most importantly, the protective way Lestrade is subconsciously angling his body towards Mycroft.
The action is enough to halt their dance and Sherlock looks between Lady Smallwood and John, bewilderment showing clear on his face.
"Someone will be in shortly to reposition that drip and take away all the other stuff." John stops at the edge of the bed, taking one of Sherlock's long hands in his. "You're healing really well, better than they expected given the damage you inflicted on yourself." He holds up his free hand to halt Sherlock's inevitable protest. His voice lowers to become more intimate, encompassing only the two of them. "I know why you did it, why you met with her, and I thank you, but please, no more." A gruff clearing of his throat and John's voice returns to his usual warm tones. "Mycroft has somehow arranged it so that not only can I stay here with you, day and night, but so that I can also make any decisions about your care whilst you've been incapacitated. He seemed very adamant that I took care of you, not that I would have it any other way."
Sherlock stands before him, naked except for his open trousers that hang loosely on hips.
Sherlock took a long look at John, allowing his gaze to travel slowly over him, starting from the ground up.
John winced as he heard Sherlock gasp and was shocked at the pain he heard in Sherlock's voice, the normally deep baritone barely more than a panicked whisper.  "You.... You don't want me to be your Best Man anymore? But, I've prepared a speech, I know I don't really understand sentiment but I tried, I tried for you, John."
“No, I don’t believe so.  I think the best thing we can do now is carry on with our romantic weekend. Although now there’s no need for us to only act the couple.”  Sherlock’s voice is quiet, intimate.
“I wanted to kiss someone.”
“You really are an idiot, John.
He kisses Sherlock’s fingers lightly, maintaining eye contact all the while.
Gethin turns his attention back to Sherlock just as breakfast is being delivered.
This could have been so much worse.”
Long seconds pass before Mary pulls away and when she does, her first glance is towards Sherlock.  He catches the look of victory in her eyes before she swiftly alters her features, adopting one of cautious happiness.
He drops into bed next to Sherlock, smoothing back damp curls and kissing full lips. Pulling the covers over them, John settles more comfortably, waiting for Sherlock to curl into him. Within seconds, a long, warm body is wrapped around his and he sighs deeply at the contact.
Hello!
"Not new," Sherlock gasps, "to you."
When he finally opens his eyes it is only John he can see, cheeks stained a light dusky pink, a shy smile on his lips.
“I’ve been dreaming a lot lately, unusual dreams.”
"Bye, Molly."
“You’re wearing your suit tonight.”  Sherlock states, following John’s glance.  His voice grows deeper, heat creeping into his words as he visualises what John might look like in his suit.  “I look forward to it.”
“Why don’t you come over and examine me properly?” Sherlock runs his hand over his penis, fingers curling ‘round its width, biting his lip at the sensation.
Sorry about the delay in updating.  I've come to a very difficult part of the story and because of it my writing has slowed a little.  Also the wonderful Lockedinjohnlock and I have had madly hectic lives recently!
Their talk over lunch is light-hearted, interspersed with brief bouts of handholding.  As the meal comes to an end their talk turns to the task ahead of them.
John manages to say. “It won’t put any pressure on your wound and you can control the pace. If it becomes too much for either of us, or one of us doesn’t like it, then I trust you to stop.”
“You’re making no sense. Let me go and fetch a nurse.” Sherlock makes to stand but John’s continued hold prevents him.
“No. I’m not your doctor in here, conflict of interests.”
“Oh, I do so hope so.”  Sherlock teases, hiding his own nerves under light-hearted flirting, before heading into the bathroom.  He carries out all the things he needs to do with slightly shaky hands; Sherlock knows it’s a natural mixture of his excitement and nerves, but he still takes a few deep breaths before re-entering the bedroom.
Clearing his throat he called them both back to the here and now.
"Oh God!" Sherlock's words were barely a sigh, a whispered prayer to a silent room.
John watches as Sherlock continues to blink, knowing that he is processing what has been said but becomes concerned when the time continues to tick by.  “Sherlock?” John moves closer and studies Sherlock’s face, worry beginning to really kick in.  “Oh shit, I’ve actually broken you this time, haven't I?”  John releases one of Sherlock’s hand and reaches up to touch his face.  “Sherlock?”
John? John? JOHN!! I'M BORED JOHN! - SH
I’ll arrange a meeting for you,
“Really?” Sherlock is genuinely shocked. “That barely counts as wanking you off.”   He smiles broadly when John sucks in a surprised breath.
A later posting for this chapter than usual, I'm afraid real life got in the way for both myself and my beta, the incomparable Lockedinjohnlock.
"No. He has a real child on the way, now; he will hardly want me around to look after too." Sherlock saw his brother open his mouth to protest. "No. I'm more determined than ever to do this bloody job now, I'll be back for the wedding but then I'll leave him in peace utterly; give him the opportunity to be a family man."
"John?" Sherlock rests his hand on John's thigh, offering comfort through simple contact.
Sherlock shifts, allowing John to stand and walk into the kitchen. He listens to the sound of the wooden drawer sliding open and the rustle of menus being gathered together before moving slowly to sit on the sofa, long legs stretched out in front of him, each noise the comforting symphony of home. He feels strangely light of heart, his mind calm; it is a rare sensation for him and he resolves to savour it whilst he can. He doesn't realise he has shut his eyes until the sound of take-away menus being flapped under his nose rouses him out of his quiet contentment, he opens his eyes to see a smiling John gesturing at him with their food options.
“I..”  Sherlock swallows, glancing away before studying John’s face again.  “I didn’t want to presume…..”
Sherlock’s hands drift to the buttons on John’s jeans and with agonising slowness he slips each one undone.
Gently Sherlock placed his hand on John's right shoulder. Two points of contact.  That was all it took for Sherlock to feel more grounded, more whole than he had in a long while. Two simple points. Fighting to keep his voice even he continued with the rest of the explanation.
"A bag of peanuts doesn't count, Sherlock!" A chuckle is all he receives in answer.
Sherlock clenches his fists in the sheets in frustration but is interrupted before he lets forth the diatribe he can feel battling to be released.
“Then use that brain that you must have hidden in that head somewhere and find a way where I can both recuperate and stay with John.  You and I both know that if I am forced back to ‘my’ room I will simply find my way back here.”  Although he is speaking to Gethin his focus is back on John, and in particular on the way his eyes are moving behind his eyelids, indicative of dreaming.
"The European firefly. It's classified under Lampryridae, which is a family of insects more correctly termed as Coleoptera - winged beetles. They thrive in areas where there is plenty of rotten wood or forest litter, preferably at the margins of ponds and streams. Walderviertel translates as the 'Wood or Forest Quarter'."
First of all thank you for all the lovely comments! They make me so happy, the perfect pick me up!
A murmured ‘Oh God.’ comes from the direction of the bed, encouraging Sherlock to tease himself more.
For long minutes, the two men lie in a rapidly cooling heap; the floor is cold and uncomfortable but neither man can summon the energy to care. The silence of the room is occasionally broken by the sound of a loving kiss or a happy sigh being breathed into the stillness surrounding them.
"Amelia. No, didn't quite go according to plan that." John turned back round to fuss over making two mugs of tea.
"That has taken rather more time to discover but Gregory has been working with the Ohio and Michigan police departments and I have been in discussions with the CIA. Together, I believe we have formed a rather clearer picture of the events." None of Mycroft's usual smugness or superiority is apparent in his words; rather, they are delivered professionally but with an edge of something that John can only identify as compassion.
“Yes, I do.” John laughs nervously. “I’m still not very good at this sort of thing, though.”  He takes a calming breath, more aware of his own breathing than ever. “It seems obvious that you are comfortable with what has happened between us so far.  What I need to know is how far you are comfortable taking this?  The physical side of our relationship.”
“John?”
Feeling braver, John steps closer to Sherlock and places a sure hand on his waist, looking directly into Sherlock's eyes. He keeps his voice low and intimate. "There's the problem." His hand trails lightly over Sherlock's hip. "There's nothing I don't want to do with you, Sherlock. If you can think of it, it's more than likely I'll want to try it."
Leaving John’s side only to relieve himself or eat some food in the nurses'  staffroom, Sherlock passes the time watching the door, dreading Mary’s arrival, and taking small, unplanned naps, jolting awake in fear. His nurse, Gethin, visits him to check on his progress, examining his wound with gentle fingers, assuring him that he is healing well. Gethin leaves with a parting reminder that the stress Sherlock is under is keeping the muscles tense and causing the spikes in pain.
I think a mixture of both might be advisable. - SH
"Sherlock?" The calm softness to his voice surprises John, inside he is in turmoil. In the past he has been the master of the subtle play, waiting until he saw a definite sign of interest before making his move; now he is doubting whether Sherlock meant anything beyond the fact that they are friends. Best friends. Gripping Sherlock's hand more firmly, he speaks again. "Sherlock?" He waits until Sherlock raises his eyes to meet his own steady gaze. "
"Very well, little brother.  I'll leave you to gather the last of your things together." With one last twirl of his umbrella Mycroft walked down the stairs to the waiting car.
"As much as I want to keep doing this forever, you need to sleep." The words are breathed against Sherlock's scalp but John knows he has been heard when Sherlock sighs and slowly exerts a gentle pressure on John's hips, encouraging him to slide off his lap.
John’s grip tightens on Sherlock’s sweaty skin and his own head is thrown back in pleasure.
Lestrade settles into one of the visitor’s chairs, pulling his coat over him to serve as a makeshift blanket.  He is used to grabbing a few moments sleep here and there during arduous cases and can now sleep virtually anywhere he chooses.  Within minutes Lestrade is dozing, his chin resting on his chest, body slumped and legs crossed at the ankle as they stretch away from him.
"Yes, I'm completely sure. I know what I want Sherlock, and it's you. It's only ever been you. Why now?" Another gentle kiss brushed against Sherlock's skin. "Because I never thought I had a chance with you and now I know different. This is a new experience for the both of us. I trust you, you trust me. It's perfect."
"In a way." Sherlock squeezed his lips together, briefly bringing a blush of pink back. "It's an old case John. I just....... I was given a new way of thinking about it yesterday. I spent the night re-examining the evidence."
John queries, his voice tight with renewed pain and rough from his recent sleep.
“How did he get in?
is now behaving in such a way to the people that John considers as friends that the staff have noticed and recorded their observations in his flipping hospital notes!
Sherlock answers, dipping his head to place another light, but lingering, kiss on John’s lips.
it’s similar for you.
John awakes an hour later, surprised that he had been able to sleep at all. He hadn't rested well at the hospital; the bed had been ok and he'd certainly slept on worse but the constant worry about being in such an open space, of how easily Mary or an associate of hers might get to them, had meant that he had rarely slept deeply. He feels much safer in Baker Street, even if the memory of Mary's presence does taint the living room and he admits that, coupled with finally being able to have Sherlock in his arms, must be to blame for his unexpected nap.
The kiss embodies everything that is Sherlock - passionate, heady, and unpredictable. One moment Sherlock is pressing his lips against John's, their movements matching perfectly. The next he caresses John's lips with the delicate touch of his tongue before delving inside, pulling muted moans from John. Another moment he places butterfly kisses on John's cheek, nipping gently along John's jawline.
"Allow me to finish, John. They are small, but perfectly formed. Able to wield a gun or scalpel with equal skill. And, it seems.... " In the dim light Sherlock knows John will be unable to see the flush that covers his skin but will be able to detect the heat of it through his palm and fingertips. ...."it seems, they are able to work
“John?
I just want you.”
"Oh no you don't." John pulled Sherlock's hands away, raising his arms above his head onto the pillow, locking them there with one firm hand. "Don't move. I want this to be about you this time. Just enjoy." Sherlock met John's gaze with his own, giving a short nod of acquiescence. "God, you are just so beautiful. It's no wonder I've been fantasising about you at every opportunity, you're just so fucking gorgeous! Put that with your amazing mind and is it any wonder that you are the only man I've ever been attracted to? Will ever want?" John's whispered secrets were punctuated with soft kisses along cheekbones, eyelids, nose tip and lush lips.
“This operation; did they say it would cause any problems?”
“A walk under the stars with a tall, dark, handsome man?”  John teases.  “How can I refuse?”
Gethin confirms.
Sherlock rolled his tongue, gently dipping in John's entrance, making John cry out his name.  The want in his voice driving Sherlock on, he lapped again and again, savouring the taste of his lover. Finally he wriggled his tongue in deeper, mouthing at the entrance with his lips, resisting the temptation to take John's cock in his hand too, instinctively knowing that the sensation would cause John to lose control.  He thrust his tongue in a few more times before John was trembling so violently his legs were threatening to collapse. Withdrawing, Sherlock kissed John's lower back, giving both himself and John time to recover a little. Slowly he inserted a long finger into John, feeling how lose he was he inserted another, twisting them to brush against the bundle of nerves. John cried out, the sound driving Sherlock to insert a third finger. John started to move rhythmically onto Sherlock's fingers and Sherlock could not look away, his eyes riveted to where his fingers entered John.
Sherlock slides his hands back onto John’s buttocks, drawing him forward until the heat of John’s cock is caressing his own skin. The scent of John’s arousal floods Sherlock’s nostrils and he can resist no longer; he fights against his own need to move and engulf John quickly, instead he steadies John’s cock in one hand and licks a slow stripe along his length, lingering at the tip. The flavour floods his tongue, a strangely pleasant bitterness that Sherlock knows he will never tire of. He licks again along the length, unconsciously collecting data; the length, breadth, approximate weight and level of arousal, consciously his focus is purely on John’s taste and the way his skin feels against his tongue. John groans above him, his grip tightening slightly in Sherlock’s curls, legs trembling as the warm wetness teases him. Tentatively Sherlock opens his mouth, sliding his lips over the very tip of John’s cock, exploring the way the texture changes between head and shaft. He swirls his tongue around, gathering more of John’s flavour, salivating when an intense pulse of that flavour hits his tongue as John twitches slightly in his mouth.
John has the distinct impression that Sherlock is talking about more than the new position the pillow has placed him in.
The Michigan police force spoke to the neighbours immediately after the fire. The Allens were described as 'good church-going folk, strict but fair with their easy-to-anger children.' Last week the Michigan police agreed to speak again to some of the people who appeared closest to the Allens. They have since said that Arthur Allen, the twins' father, was a short-tempered man who was seen to regularly beat Michael and belittle Angela whenever she showed any sign of independence or came to her brother's defence. They said they hadn't mentioned anything earlier as they did not want to speak ill of the dead." Greg pauses for breath and looks to John.
“I know, Love.  I know.”  John cups Sherlock’s cheek.  “We’ll work it out.  Trust me.”
John tugs at their joined hands, determined to make Sherlock look at him again.
And you're beautiful
Promise me
"What else would you like to trace their shape with?" He allows some of the arousal he is feeling to bleed through into his voice and is rewarded by a flush staining John's cheeks and the sight of his pupils visibly dilating.
Subconsciously John registers that instead of the two single beds he had been expecting there is only one large kingsize bed, hazily he thinks how grateful he is for that matter before he is once again swept into a searing kiss.
Before he had known it, John was in his first serious relationship since leaving the army and feeling somewhat fulfilled.
"Why indeed John." Once again Sherlock allowed himself to smile. The smile he reserved only for John. Taking a calming breath, he held out his open hand to John. "And so, to dance."
He cleans off as best he can before taking a warm, damp flannel back into the bedroom. With care and love, he cleans Sherlock's stomach, kissing the damp skin when he finishes. His legs shake rather less on the return walk to the bathroom and he quickly relieves himself before washing his hands and applying his hand cream. Beeswax, something he knows will appeal to Sherlock. Entering the bedroom again, John blows out the candles, bathing the bedroom in the subdued light of the streetlights filtering in through the curtains.
How does one waltz away from all of the memories?
“Thanks.  Just let me say that we will be going out for the evening, and I had it all planned even before the change in our relationship.”  John cups Sherlock’s face, gently rubbing his thumb over Sherlock’s cheek.  “And no, it’s not some locked room mystery.”  He teases, stealing a final kiss.  Sherlock moves with enviable grace, pulling John up to stand beside him before gathering the picnic blanket with swift, efficient movements.
"Lick." He demands, body rucking up against the wall with each of Sherlock's thrusts.
John thinks he sees disappointment briefly flit across Sherlock's face, but it is quickly replaced by one of Sherlock's half smiles - a smile that is usually reserved only for John.
John shoots him a warning glance.  “She’s adorable.”
“What do you fancy?”  John asks, looking at his menu briefly, before returning his gaze to Sherlock, surprised at the heat he can see in Sherlock’s eyes.
something there."
'What happened with Mary?"
Standing suddenly, Greg makes to leave but Mycroft is beside him, a firm hand holding his upper arm at the bicep before John has even risen from his seat. Mycroft gentles his hold but does not release Greg.
John mutters as he recognises the woman happily talking, and openly flirting, with Sherlock. “I’d better get over there, she’s no Irene Adler but I’m not sure her interest in Sherlock is all innocent.”
"And a good morning to you, too, Sherlock." John doesn't even try to keep the silly grin off his face; if possible it only widens when the same happiness is reflected on Sherlock's. His youthful face, always the dichotomy, is wreathed in laughter lines and wrinkles as he smiles down at John, his eyes sparkling as they study him. Obviously satisfied with whatever it is he sees, Sherlock gently kisses John on the end of his nose, eliciting a shocked boyish giggle in response.
I think we are finished here.”
"Doctor's orders, Sherlock. Up you get, you need food and medication, we'll cuddle again later." John instinctively swaps to his army doctor voice whilst carefully extricating himself from under Sherlock's weight.
“More recently I thought you and Irene had a thing going, at least until these last few weeks.”
"I don't know what I'm allowed to say, John.  I'm not good at empty platitudes and I promised I wouldn't lie to you but I'm afraid I'll hurt your feelings if I tell you how I'm actually feeling."  The deep furrow at the bridge of Sherlock's nose even more pronounced than usual, one hand is wrapped around his mug, his fingers white under the tension whilst the other hand skitters over the arm rest.
- that it is someone at this meeting of Mycroft’s - has been eliminated.  What remains - the
Sherlock draws back a little, a frown forming on the bridge of his previously kissed nose. "My mouth?"
“As we are all here I believe now would be a good time to update you on what has happened in regards of Ms Morstan aka Ms Allen and her associates.”
"Well done, buttons.  You have fought bravely and now the battle is almost won.  I salute you."  The words are whispered against the damp skin of Sherlock's heaving abdomen.  Glancing up he doesn't think Sherlock has heard his secret tribute; he seems to be lost in a world of sensation.  Sherlock's arm is thrown up covering his eyes, his lips parted.  Sherlock's colour is high and the fine sheen of sweat is causing his thin shirt to accentuate the lean contours of his muscles.  John's mouth waters at the sight stretched out beneath him.  He has always known Sherlock is a gorgeous man, but seeing him in full sensual abandonment makes John's heart ache at his true beauty.  Slowly he shifts his body so that he is lightly straddling Sherlock's thighs; the movement presses his weight briefly against Sherlock's straining erection, eliciting a gasp that is quickly cut off when Sherlock bites against his lower lip.  John's eyes remain fixed on Sherlock's face as he quickly slips the last few buttons free of their shackles.
“Thank you, Bill, for your help.”
There is no way on Earth that I’m going back to her.”
“You were a busy man! What was that nickname he had, three….?”  Murray’s brow furrows as he tries to remember the moniker that John had earned.
“You never wear suits.  Unless it’s for a wedding, a funeral, a christening or a court case.” Sherlock lists.  “None of which will be occurring this weekend.”  Sherlock slides in to the car, watching as John gets in behind him.
"Snuggle!"  Sherlock tries, and fails, to keep the longing out of his voice.
Thank you all for reading my little (but growing rapidly!) story! It means so much to see those kudos and hit numbers growing and every comment is a like a warm hug!  I hope you enjoy this chapter too, the men finally talk about their past.
"You've done very well! I didn't want .... Didn't expect you to get it so quickly." Sherlock knew the words came out too quickly, hoping their speed would have covered his initial word choice. Of course he didn't want John learning too quickly, he needed John to realise he was meant to be with him, not Mary.  Only him.
"Find... Finding.. It, oh god, rather difficult to think currently John." Sherlock rumbled, the words deep and breathy.
“It’s a straightforward procedure with minimal risk.” Mr Rajkoomar reassures. “Problems are extremely uncommon but can include further bleeding on the brain, infection of the wound or skull flap, deep vein thrombosis, seizures or stroke.” He pauses, allowing Sherlock time to absorb the information.  “Let me reassure you that Doctor Watson is under the very best of care with twenty-four hour nursing and observation by highly skilled individuals.  He is sedated and on a ventilator, this will be the case for the next twenty-four hours.  The purpose of this is to regulate his breathing and ensure his brain is well-supplied with oxygen thus reducing the risk of further possible damage to the brain while it recovers.”
"What? Go and have a wank in the middle of the hospital? Not bloody likely!" John grins. "I'll soldier through it."
“Do what, John?”  Sherlock sips his own coffee, aggravated when it proves to be rather exceptional.  He fakes a grimace but knows that John has seen through this action when he smirks against the rim of his own coffee cup.
"Yes I am! And you are an amazing, desirable, good man, but most importantly at this precise moment in time, you, Sherlock Holmes, are completely and utterly fuckable."
'I have died everyday waiting for you.
He avoids using the term ‘husband’ as often as he can, substituting it with just John’s name wherever possible, the word and its associated emotions is a source of near physical pain for him.  Sherlock lets go of the drip-stand to push open the door, holding it  for Mary until she walks in, albeit very reluctantly and ‘encouraged’ by his continued grip on her arm.  Only once Mary is in the room does Sherlock let go of her and allow his gaze to fall upon John.
John demands, looking from one man to the other, fighting the rising anger inside him.
"You're lying, John." Sherlock allowed a brief smirk to appear before the throbbing in his cheek intensified too much for him to maintain it.
“If John refuses to press charges, so will I.  I will remove the bullets from evidence.  I will find witnesses that place Mary elsewhere at the times that both John and I were shot.  You will have nothing to go on.  No case.”  Sherlock insists, his face implacable.
“Then bugger off, Mycroft!”  Sherlock interrupts before disconnecting the call and flinging his phone into the far corner of the room.
“Shhhrr”
"John?" John made a small sound of acknowledgement.  "Thank you........ for what you did earlier ...........it was..........good."  Sherlock's voice was hesitant but John knew that the words were heartfelt.
“No.  It’s fine.  We’re friends; friends talk about these sort of things.  Or so I've been led to believe.”
Sherlock muses over the suggestions as he eats a few mouthfuls of the bland cornflakes, before pushing the tray away and grabbing a banana.
“When have you ever held back from doing something you've wanted to do?”
He watches with distinct interest as John flushes.
The touch of your penis against mine was magnificent but the touch of your hand on me, bringing me to orgasm, was sublime. I know that we agreed to take things more slowly but the thought of your hands on my skin, of your fingers inside me, is enough to make my body react and my mind rebel against rules." To illustrate his words, Sherlock nudges his half-hard cock against John, gasping in surprise when he feels that John's body is in a similar state.
(See the end of the chapter for
This confirms what Sherlock had thought, but he recognises that John has more he needs to say, so he provides him with an opening.  “Not even when..”  Sherlock leaves the question incomplete, not wishing to bring Mary’s name in to their bed, knowing that John will understand what he means.  John has always been alert soon after waking, a remnant of his army life and living and working with Sherlock.  Since Rosie has been sleeping through the night and waking up ready to play and talk, he has been quick to get involved in any manner of conversation.
Sherlock feels as if he has been asking John to wake up for days. Weeks. But he knows, in that factual part of his mind that never seems to take time off, that it has been little more than twelve hours. Twelve hours full of asking, of begging, of ordering John to wake up. Sherlock distantly acknowledges the tears that threaten to fall, making his eyes prickle, his sight swim. His speech is heavy, his words broken, a reflection of his turmoil. He has no pride left now, he would willingly fall to his knees and beg if that will bring John back to him.
Sherlock examines the simple gold band; it looks innocuous in his large hand. He takes John's left hand in his, studying the ring finger intently. He raises John's hand to his lips, kissing where the ring will soon once again reside. John watches intently, a strange sense of rightness seeping through him at Sherlock's action. Sherlock kisses the gold metal of the ring and slides it onto John's finger, keeping hold of John's hand once the ring is back in place. He meets John's eye and John knows that whatever Sherlock says next will be from his often-ignored heart.
"He. Needs. Me?" Each word fought to come out, as if being spoken aloud would make them untrue.
“I’m sorry, Sherlock, I wasn't having a go at you. I know you lied for the love of your friends, to keep us safe.” John offers a fleeting smile, one that doesn't reach his eyes. “But Mary? I don't understand why she never spoke to me about it, why she never trusted you. It seems that Mary is only protecting Mary.” A strangled sound escapes John, one Sherlock recognises as John trying to repress deep emotion. “Sherlock, can I have a moment?”
A soft smile pulls at his lips and, interestingly, the tips of his ears turn red as he meets Sherlock’s eyes.
With startling regularity.”
"Night, Sherlock." John stares over at where Sherlock is lying, his night vision not yet working. Since returning from his time away, Sherlock has been better at eating, sleeping and talking - there are still times when he is all frenetic energy and sharp words, when he deems food and sleep beneath him - but these times are fewer and farther between. Before their two years apart John had always thought Sherlock was a bit of a brat, a genius, but a brat nonetheless. Now he seems more mature, more thoughtful. John is unsure if it is Sherlock's time away that enforced that change or John's absence from Baker Street. With this thought in mind John falls back into a thankfully dreamless sleep.
“I were asleep in me usual spot in the park, it’s sorta away from the paths and in the trees, don't usually get any bovver there, when I was woke up by someone grabbing at me.”  A fine shudder rolls over Enid’s thin shoulders. “‘E put ‘is ‘and over me mouth and started pulling at me clothes.  I’ve lived long enough on the streets to know what ‘e were after and it weren't me jewellery.  ‘E stank of booze and fags, I could smell it on ‘is breath but pissed as ‘e was ‘e were still stronger than me. I struggled but I only managed to kick me blankets off and earn meself a clump to the ‘ed for me troubles. ‘E tried to shove ‘is tongue in me mouth and I bit ‘im, ‘e split me lip for that.  Bloody tosser.’  Mrs Hudson nodded vaguely in agreement.  “Well, ‘e got much more forceful after that but my mouth was free to shout, I bloody yelled like me life depended on it; and it may well of done.  I didn’t think I ‘ad any ‘ope when another shout made ‘im pause. ‘E sat up a bit and looked ‘round, obviously saw something that worried ‘im ‘cos ‘e ripped me earring out and then bloody scarpered. Coward. ‘Though I didn’t ‘ang ‘round either, some of those coppers are worse than the flipping criminals, I weren’t taking any chances.  Next thing I know I’m knocking on ‘yer door and praying someone will ope it.”  Enid lays her hand over Mrs Hudson’s hand on her shoulder.  “Yer a life saver, Mrs ‘Udson, and thats no lie.”
“Yeah.
John licks his lips at the sight before him, at the long line of pale skin that has been exposed, the way that the thin shirt is starting to cling to Sherlock's body in the humid air. He is very grateful that Sherlock is turned away. He knows that the way he feels about Sherlock is written clearly in the lines of his body: he can blame the hot shower for the flush on his skin, the sudden cool air for the way his nipples have peaked, but he can think of no way to excuse the stirring of the towel wrapped around his hips.
"Jesus, I've got a case of verbal diahorrea!" John laughs towards the ceiling.
Sherlock looks towards the room door before looking back at John. “I suppose so.
I’m fairly confident neither Mycroft nor Greg would want us with either of them, although I suspect for very different reasons.”
Sherlock makes a gesture towards Lechner's house and John presumes that Sherlock is asking the waiter if he knows anything about what has happened there.  (Have you seen anything unusual happening at the house over there?)
Mycroft raises an incredulous eyebrow and turns away but not before Sherlock can see the red stain of a blush colouring his cheeks.  Sherlock raises a bony shoulder in a half-hearted shrug when Lestrade’s, overly observant, gaze flicks back to him.
"Go to bed, John. The shower will still be there in the morning." John can't help the little voice in his head that asks, 'Yes, but will you?' Clenching his jaw to keep the words in, John retrieves his pyjamas and toiletries, walking swiftly into the en-suite. Not quite quickly enough to miss the brief frown on Sherlock's face.
They part with a sigh, Sherlock flopping on to his back briefly before moving gracefully to a seated position.  John rolls on to his side, a smile on his face, openly admiring the way Sherlock’s t-shirt leaves little to the imagination; the thin material warmed by the colour of skin, the sleeves ending on the curve of his biceps, accentuating their usually hidden strength.  Sherlock stretches, slow and sinuous, and John admires the movement of his back under the fabric, the way the muscles bunch and stretch with each little movement.  Sherlock stands, still stretching and heads to the bathroom, John’ admiring eyes on him all the way.  Surprised laughter bursts from him when Sherlock pauses at the bathroom door, turns to face him and tugs the edge of his pyjama pants down, providing John with a tempting flash of skin before turning to walk into the bathroom, an exaggerated sway to his hips.
