John doesn’t know. Not yet. But he will. He will because he never wants to feel like this again. He never wants to see someones face drop like Mindy’s had earlier and know that it’s because of
Wouldn’t that be just like him; to feel nothing as he dies. It would suit him perfectly. Like a bad joke with no punch line. His life being the bad joke that is.
“I want this job.” He wants to make that very clear. She needs to understand that right off. John remembers how hard it was to find a clinic that would hire him when he moved back to London and he’s only gotten older and more damaged since then. If Sarah fires him now he may as well go seek out Sherlock’s old homeless network, because as charitable as Mrs. Hudson can be he can’t make rent without a job.
. He can see that she’s sorry, that she feels awful about something she feels
That didn’t stop Harry though.
“My brother used to have the same sort of thing with his hockey cards. If they went out of order he would go spare.” They both laugh at the shared oddity before John finds himself rambling on.
“To Sherlock. You said there were things you had always wanted to tell him. Tell him now.”
He realized that his breathing had gotten much heavier, he tried to swallow back some of his fear. This was going to be painful. This wasn’t just a few superficial cuts that looked far worse than they were.
“Prove to me that you can handle this, John. Show up tomorrow, on
he would have seen it. He would have known and he could’ve done something. But instead he was just oblivious. Why was he always so oblivious?
Today had been a trying day. Every day had been a trying day for the past few months. His whole life had been trying since Sherlock…
thing in this flat seemed to now be a trigger for him and his eyes landed on the yellow painted smiley face that Sherlock had decorated with bullet holes.
“Then what are you?” John swallows and feels his body straighten, unconsciously going into a soldiers rest. He needs all the armour he can get for this conversation.
“Oh, I always knew you two should’ve just gone for it!” She complains as she pulls away enough to slap his shoulder. She looks at him and begins to smile all-knowingly. “He liked you too, you know. I always saw it. You made him a better man and that’s proof enough of how he felt about you.”
He hadn’t even unzipped his trousers and yet he was hard as hell. His prick was full of fresh, hot, flowing blood and need. He was dying to rub against something, rut hard and fast against the nearest object until he found that flood of endorphin fuelled release he was gagging for. He felt primal and strong and horny as he’d ever fucking been. Alcohol, and blood and lust were all flowing through his body making him desperately
Relief?
Maybe he had noticed but ignored it because that’s what they did, Sherlock and him. They just ignored things. Now John would give anything to get a second chance, a chance to not ignore it. A chance to change his last words he had said to him from the choked up accusation –
“Mmm, delicious. You taste just like I thought you would. Metallic and salty with just a sprinkle of fear, it has a very recognizable taste you know? Fear. It’s a bit sour with just a hiiiint of musk. Very enjoyable,” he finally backed off of Sherlock completely taking all of his weight off him and the battered detective practically sighed in relief, a hint of tension leaving his body. “Now, time to get back to business! This is the last round I’m sure you’ll be glad to hear, though the stakes are a tad higher…” Carefully, Moriarty pulled something out of his trouser pocket and plopped in unceremoniously into Sherlocks hand. It felt small and cool in his warm and bloody palm and when he looked down he immediately felt his insides churn. Sitting in his palm was a small razor, no bigger than one you would find in an average pencil sharpener and his mind began racing with the possibilities of what Moriarty expected him to do with it. He wouldn’t want him to cut himself with it, that had already been done and God forbid the worlds only consulting criminal become lazy with his torture ideas. No, this was the final round and Moriarty had definitely been saving the best bit for last, it was just driving Sherlock mad that his brain was too sluggish and dizzy to properly work out what it was!
“What other choices?” John shot up from the bed now, standing over Sherlock and positively fuming. “Letting a sniper shoot one of us? Was that your other choice? Or maybe you mean the last thing he made you do? Because I know you didn’t want to do that.” If John were anyone else he would probably be shaking right now with how angry he is, but as it is he is perfectly still. Not a single tremor in sight. Sherlock wishes he could say the same for himself.
All he knew for sure was that he had to get a hold on himself. He couldn’t be doing things like this. He couldn’t start approaching every skinny bloke with curly black hair thinking it’s Sherlock.
John stood up and grabbed his phone of the table. Without turning his eyes away from the MRI pictures he dialed Mycroft’s number. It rung barely once before the older Holmes brother picked it up.
“Fuck you” John tried to pull his arm away but Mycroft did not let go. He looked the older Holmes brother in the eye and he almost felt sorry for him. His eyes were glassy because of the lack of sleep and even thought the grip on Johns wrist was strong he could feel how Mycrofts hand was shaking.
“This is my stop,” he told her. It was a lie. His stop was actually the next one but he didn’t think he could handle sitting with her and making small talk.
John is restless. He’s anxious and he knows he needs to do something about it. He’s been in the flat too long, only leaving to get groceries or meet up with Greg or Mindy. He’s stopped going to therapy. He just missed a week or two, doesn’t know if he’ll end up going back. He finds himself considering getting a new therapist, one that doesn’t know his life so intimately. He could start over, pick and choose what he wants to say more carefully and keep the more tender things to himself. Ella knows him too well now. She knows when he’s hiding something or holding back. It’s exhausting, quite frankly.
It looks delicious.
“Stop.” His voice was low and wavered slightly. “You don’t know what he would want. You didn’t know him, no one did.”
“Yeah, fine. Ah-hem. Sorry about that. Just got kind of lost in thought.” He chuckled to try and lighten the mood but it sounded force and gravelly. She reached over and placed her small, soft hand over his.
“That’s friendship, mate. It isn’t always logical. But logic or no I need to know that this won’t happen again. You need to. You just need to learn to trust us more. To trust
The air smelled of detergent and medicine. He couldn’t feel the bed sheets under his fingers as those appendages were currently covered in a soft material that felt like gauze but he could feel the crisp linen brushing against his bare legs. He didn’t feel any pain but going by how sluggish and lazy his body currently was it was safe to assume he was on morphine, or at the very least a strong dose of pain medication. His mouth tasted of iron and an unfamiliar sour musk that made his nose wrinkle in disgust and his stomach slosh uneasily. He wondered distantly how quickly he would be able to get a toothbrush to wash the awful taste out of his mouth. He could hear the slow rhythmic beeping of the heart monitor beside him, the pitter patter of feet as nurses doctors and patients alike moved about the halls and, possibly the most worrying sound, the sound of someone’s slightly hitched breathing. Sherlock knew that he would have to face up to everyone eventually but he certainly wasn’t looking forward to the moment. People tended to find him unlikeably eccentric on his best days and today most definitely was not a ‘best day’. Anderson and Donovan never had high opinions of him in the first place, and quite frankly speaking he didn’t give a damn what they thought of him. John and Lestrade however were an entirely different story.
“Sherlock… Please… Oh god!” John was actually speaking aloud now, moaning and sweating and writhing and panting. This was the first time he’d gotten off in months and fuck if he wasn’t basking in it.
-“ he didn’t get a chance to chastise himself any further because John was suddenly rushing forward and plonking the coffees on the end table, almost spilling them but not seeming to care as he sat down carefully yet anxiously on the side of Sherlocks bed. Sherlock tensed under his friends gaze, wishing he could burrow under the covers and hide from him, hide from the conversation he knew would be coming.
“Straight shooter I see. You’re brother did warn me about that,” he chuckled jovially for a moment while looking down at his clipboard. “Unfortunately, as an answer to your question, it will still be quite a while until you can be released. We’d like to keep you in our care for about two weeks, give or take a bit.” Sherlock let out a small sigh if relief. He had feared it would be much longer.
to sensation.
“You could have just asked Mycroft. I’m sure he’s still keeping tabs on me.” At the mention of the elder Holmes brother John’s voice turns bitter and his mood goes sour. Mycroft hadn’t contacted him once since the week after Sherlock jumped. He hadn’t even attended the funeral. Bloody crummy older brother is right.
“Sorry deary!” he cast Lestrade an apologetic look and motioned for one of his men to put his gag back on. Lestrade thrashed and grunted but the men were much stronger and had better leverage, resulting in his gag being forcefully stuffed back in his mouth. “Seems like little Sherlock here is a bit of a masochist,” he handed the knife over to Sherlock with a wink.
“But Lestrade wasn’t the intended recipient of it. It was me Moriarty was trying to hurt.”
approval of her looks. Sherlock had been understandably taken aback and was much quieter after that, as though hesitant to step on any other hidden landmines. That hesitance alone was out of character enough for the usually sharp-tongued detective and it showed John how much Sherlock really was trying.
“For God’s sake isn’t this enough now?” he nearly groaned as he heard Lestrade’s voice. Didn’t he realize he was just unnecessarily dragging this out?
“What are you doing today? Do you have any plans to get out of your flat?” Ella redirected the conversation. John went back to being silent. He wasn’t sure if he wanted to tell her about Mindy. He knew it would get her off his back about ‘moving on’ and ‘meeting new people’ but he didn’t want to mention it because then he would have to tell her when it inevitably fell through. And John had no doubt it would fall through. He had never been good at keeping in touch with people before he had met Sherlock and lately he had reached an all new low at it. But considering his only options at the moment were talking about it and redirecting the conversation somewhere less painful or not talking about it and sitting here for another thirty minutes while Ella continues to ask more and more probing questions he felt himself somewhat backed into a corner.
“You have every right to tell me to stuff it and walk out of here. I wouldn’t blame you if you did.” He wouldn’t. He’d understand and smile and wish her the best because
“Anytime.” Now that that little dilemma has been solved Sherlock succumbs to the soft warmth of sleep.
“I promise.” His body relaxed at John’s affirmative and was just starting to let the peaceful siren song of deep sleep take him over when he felt something warm and rough encase his hand and his eyes flew open, immediately searching out his hand which was covered in John’s own gentle grip.
“Now, we both know I don’t want you dead yet Sherlock, the time for that is still a bit far off but I don’t particularly care about these four,” he sneered. “As far as I’m concerned they’re expendable. So!”
“Christ Sherlock, I could’ve told you that!” Lestrade piped up beside them. Sherlock gave him a half-hearted glare, though he knew it didn’t hold the ice it normally did.
“Yes, it was, I’m sorry to say. We make sure to do that in all rape cases, including oral rape. I know it’s unpleasant to think about but these sort of diseases are highly contagious and you can never be too careful, though luckily all the tests came back negative, so you are perfectly healthy in that respect.” He had never even thought of it as rape before the Doctor had said it. It wasn’t really? Was it? It’s not like Moriarty physically forced him too. He had another option after all. It was either carving out his eyes or getting on his knees. Hardly a decision but it was a decision nonetheless. He had willingly done it, so therefore it couldn’t qualify as rape.
He slides his hand
“Not an insult,” Sherlock croaked, his voice rough from disuse. “An observation,” he clarified. Lestrade smiled at him. Sherlock felt a flutter of relief go through him. He knew the probability of Lestrade treating him with hostility was a very possible scenario and seeing evidence of the contrary was a weight off. He realized of course that the older mans attitude could change toward him at any moment but he still decided on taking the friendliness as a sign of good faith.
“Whether you know someone or not you are in no way responsible for their actions John. You couldn’t have known what was going to happen that day.”
“Are you sure? It’s fine if you’re not. We can always leave and try this again another time.” He felt so undeserving of her kindness. Here he was, sitting in front of her thinking of how it would never work between them and she was doing nothing but being sweet and comforting.
As he swallowed the medicine and water combo he entered the lounge and after a moment or two of silent wallowing he picked up his phone that was furiously blinking with unseen notifications. Three new text messages awaited him. Wasn’t he popular this morning?
He needs something new. Some outlet for all his anxiety. Something that can make him feel useful.
Moving on he checked the next text, which was from Harry. He outright deleted that one not having the energy to deal with her right now. She had never been a large fan of Sherlock in the first place (surprise surprise) and everything she said either came off as offensive or shallow. Her and Sherlock had only ever met the once and they had immediately butted heads, and surprisingly it wasn’t Sherlock that started it.
“You alright?” He was startled back to consciousness by Mindy’s soothing voice and her wide eyes full of concern. He felt guilty about that, too. He didn’t deserve her concern, not when he was waiting anxiously for the train to stop so he could get away from her and society and the fresh air to go sit in his dank flat and contemplate putting his gun to use.
He did this sometimes. Just sat and stared and contemplated. His hand itched to pick up the heavy hunk of metal and point it towards himself, to end it, to just put an end to all of this.
in the pit of his chest. This man who knows how to heal bodies and break them and seems determined to do both to Sherlock. He doesn’t know what he ever did to have John Watson fall in his life but he is beyond thankful to whatever Gods exist that he did.
Mindy takes a deep breath. Her fingers are picking at the envelope. John thinks he can see a small tear forming.
“Oh, no trouble,” she assures giving John a delicate pat on the shoulder. “The least I can do really. Besides, I’m sure you two will need to do some grocery shopping. I doubt anything in your flat will be good after all this time,” she rants and raves, excitement and life flowing through her words as she heads inside to retrieve refreshments. Though as it turns out, they needn’t have worried about the food situation. As soon as they climb up the seventeen familiar steps to 221B they find a basket of fresh fruit, bakery bread, and vibrant vegetables sitting on the kitchen table along with a card.
Moriarty. If the consulting criminal wanted in to 221B then he would get in one way or another. The thought sent a chill through Sherlocks body.
“This is all very sweet and as much as I’m loving the whole soap opera feel to this I really would like to move along now. Get the show on the road as they say. So Sherlock darling, what’s your decision?” Sherlock took one last good look at John and tried to commit every detail on his face to memory, if this was the last time he would ever get to see John Watsons face than he would make sure to get a good long look.
It rings.
“Seven minutes Sherlock, I’d get a move on if I were youuuu.” Moriarty’s singsong reminder jolts him out of his thoughts and he stares down at the knife with much more determination than before. He can do this. It’s just a bit of pain, it will hurt at first and then eventually it will leave, no point in dragging it out. He just needs to power through and get it done like he did with the torch. His heart was beating in his chest a mile a minute and his hands were shaking so bad he almost thought he’d miss his mark. With one last deep breath out he took the cold metal and plunged it beneath the nail of his thumb.
sick he is of people acting like they know all about him. He feels his gut clench painfully and sweat prickle his hairline and eyebrow. He feels like he’s going to throw up any minute but he
“Oh, uh, sorry mate.” John apologized, backing away from the man and no doubt looking as embarrassed as he felt. “I thought you were someone else.” Not-Sherlock may have replied and he may have not. John wouldn’t have noticed either way. He was too busy racing back to his seat and berating himself. What was wrong with him? How on Earth could he actually go up to someone like that? He probably looked like some drunken idiot. John is suddenly hyper aware of how much he’s had to drink. Maybe that fourth glass of whisky wasn’t a good idea.
“See? Just the fact that you even see it that way is just… it wasn’t your responsibility, Sherlock, or whatever other silly excuses your using. We’re all friends. You, me, Greg… Maybe not Anderson and Sally but that’s neither here nor there. We’re friends and friends help each other through shit. Friendship doesn’t involve the constant sacrificing of one person. In those situations we’re meant to - to help each other. You get it?” Sherlock must look as baffled as he feels because after John musses up his hair again he continues. “Okay, let’s do this then. You remember when Greg told you to let him take his round?” Sherlock nods. “That was him being your friend. Trying to shoulder some of the burden so it didn’t all land on you.”
“Don’t worry about it!” She assured him with an easy grin. “I’m just glad you made it. It would have been a tad awkward to get stood up considering I’ve been rattling on about our date to the owners all week.”
John thought back to the last day he’d bothered to venture out of the flat. “I went to go visit the grave.
“So the wife brings her daughter out to the living room and he asks to speak to her alone. So the mom gives us some space, close enough to be safe but far enough to give a sense of privacy, you know? And the first thing he asks the little girl?” Greg’s voice sound high with disbelief, as if he’s still having a hard time believing it.
“John,” he answered, maybe a bit more brusquely than he normally would’ve but she seemed pleased enough.
“Mind if we get a bit more water?” John asked politely and held the empty cup out for the boy to take. The nurse nodded and flipped his black fringe out of his eyes as he took the cup.
“You’re awake.” He repeated, practically a whisper. “Thank God. We were all worried. Even Anderson and Donovan believe it or not, it was actually a tad creepy. Think it was better when they were pricks. How do you feel? Any pain? Dizziness? Nausea?” Sherlock found himself overwhelmed by the influx of words coming out of John’s mouth and yet none of them hinted at moving out.
No, John knew that was an impossibility no matter what his endorphin filled brain was trying to convince him of. He would never truly move on or forget about Sherlock, but maybe he could at least feel better about it. Indulge himself in a few fantasies here and there and suddenly the memories and emotions he had connected to Sherlock wouldn’t be so present in his everyday life.
“Sherlock.” His voice was low, quiet. He was trying so hard to control his anger that his voice came out muted and shaky, starkly contrasting his bodies dangerous calmness. Angry-John always reminded Sherlock of the phrase ‘the calm before the storm’. “You didn’t want to do any of that! He put you in a position where it was the only option you had. I understand that, believe me, but there is no way you wanted to do any of those things!”
John also hadn’t realized until he went to clean that he hadn’t so much as washed a dish in the past few months. He briefly wondered how anything had gotten done at all in the flat in that time-span before the answer flashed clearly in his mind. Mrs. Hudson must’ve done it. Obvious, really. For all her moaning and groaning over being called a house keeper, she never hesitated to help him or Sherlock with the tidying or occasional meal before. John had been largely absent in the past few months, not paying much attention to his surroundings or the people in them but even then he knew that his landlady was worried over him. She knew better than anyone what he felt like. She had loved Sherlock much like a son after all.
“Bollocks.” The word just slipped of his tong when he saw a pair of bright blue eyes looking back at him. Little Rosie rose on up on the couch, almost falling and staring straight at Sherlock.
“What is it? Is he alright? Did his wound fleer up again? Please don’t tell me he’s using again.” She was pulling her gloves off and removing her mask as all the possibl problems just flowed out of her. When it came to Sherlock one could never know what to expect.
Johns mouth fell open, mouthing a silent “no” as the reality of the situation hit him. “
“Well you know. We still keep going.” He answered and gave her another faint smile. Damn this was serious then wasn’t it? They decited to go upstairs in to the labrotory where there was a coffee maker. That way they could talk like half way normal people. The walk upstairs was filled with stupid little questions about the water and other unimportant stuff. As they were waiting for the coffee machine to make the blessed drink they started to talk about little Rosie.
He managed to shake himself of the mamories just in time to hear Johns next question.
“There, there little girl. No need to cry, there it is again.” Said Sherlock and gave a faint smile in her direction. But that of course did not calm the little princess down. The detective looked at John for help, yet the doctor was still standing at the same spot as before, just like a bloody statue.
Silence.
But John was not disgusted or frightened. He was sad more than anything really. How could he not know about them? How could he not notice them sooner? Its true that Sherlock was always wearing his undershirt, that covered most of the detectives skin, but still (he wore it even in the hospital but that too should have been odd to the doctor) .
“I don’t know. JW” John let out a long sigh. He was tied and worried out of his mind. He wanted to help Sherlock but he did not know how. He was completely at a loss. When he was feeling suicidal he got help, he went to a psychologist and talked about it. But that would not work for Sherlock. He was too broken, too convinced that he was beyond help. He needed more than just help, he needed salvation and that John could not give him. He needed to find a person who Sherlock trusted and was kind to him, yet was still able to control this stubborn asshole. Well that was rude…
On the other end of the apartment Sherlock was suffering because of his past again. All the pain and trauma was crawling back again and Sherlock dealt with it the only way he now how to - by suppressing it and having even more dark thoughts.
Shortly after that he moved his hand to this right hand. “Maybe …” He did not dare to say it out. Did not dare to admit that he had such a foolish hope.
Suddenly he got an idea. But he had to act fast before he changed his mind. He took a deep breath in and spoke up again.
awkward. They had both given him strange well-wishes and what Sherlock thought may have been (and John later confirmed) a thank you. He didn’t really think it was necessary but he excepted it with minimal fuss to get them out of his room quicker. Donovan also hadn’t called him freak once. In fact, neither her nor Anderson had thrown a single insult at him which was thoroughly uncomfortable and made Sherlock all the more excited to get back on his feet so they could all go back to hating each other. Greg had continued to visit each day but thankfully Anderson and Donovan stayed away after that.
“John…” he didn’t have to say more than that, John could read his answer in his eyes just life he could read Johns fear and panic in his.
“John?”
“I think you should go.” He hadn’t known he was going to say it, but he agrees with it whole-heartedly. For better or for worse, he needs to be alone right now.
Moriarty stooped down lower, giving Sherlock’s head another harsh jerk back and baring his throat even further, looking for all the world as if he was about to dig the knife in and sever his artery, causing the rest of them to make even more of a commotion. Instead he whispered gently into his ear.
“Ah-! Jeesu—Sherlock!” Hot, hot release flooded into his hand and John had to bite down hard on his right hand to keep from crying out and giving his landlady a real fright. The orgasm seemed to last forever and yet not long enough. Even after he had stopped ejaculating he still felt the low thrum of arousal beating through his body with every heart beat.
He feels saturated in his own disgust. He doesn't know when his mind got so twisted and corrupt but he can’t deny he isn’t the same man anymore.
Ever since Sherlock left, John had found himself taking the tube more and more frequently. Before he had almost always opted for a cab. Him and Sherlock had always been darting around London, needing to get from point A to point B as quickly as possible and the tube was far too much fuss. Sherlock had always hated the tube as well. He had never put it into words but John suspected Sherlock found crowds of people incredibly overwhelming. With a brain like his that’s impossible to shut off and always looking for stimulation he assumed that someplace where you’re trapped with a large number of people to deduce and observe would be mentally exhausting. It could have also just been that Sherlock preferred a more private mode of transportation. He wasn’t big on people in the first place and a quiet and secluded cab was a far better place to think and breed conducive thoughts than an overcrowding subway carriage.
“Kept twirling that umbrella of his around and barking orders at the staff. Why the hell does he always have that bloody umbrella with him anyways? It isn’t even raining today.” Sherlock snorted at Greg’s genuine bemusement over Mycroft’s choice in accessory.
“Sweetheart, why so tense?” he gave a light peck to Sherlock’s ear before making his way to the front of him and sliding the knife under the first button on the detective’s white dress shirt. With a quick flick of his wrist he popped one button off after the other letting Sherlock’s shirt slowly come undone and the buttons fly off into random directions, landing with a light clack on the cement floor. After all the buttons were of Moriarty handed Sherlock the knife.
He gets to the awning of Speedy’s when he finds out his quiet night of takeaway and sadly wanking in Sherlock’s bed will have to be delayed. Instead he feels his appetite slip away and his body crumble in guilt as he looks ahead and spots Mindy waiting for him on his doorstep. She’s staring at her shoes, a large manila envelope held in her hands. She’s seemingly deep in thought but as though sensing John’s presence she looks up and their eyes lock.
Because Sherlock is dead.
If you are patient and willing to wait I recommend adding it to your ‘read later list’ although I understand if you’d rather just bypass this work. If you’ve chosen the former, thank you very much for your patience and I sincerely hope you enjoy the finished product, though I have no idea when it will be completed. If you’ve chosen the latter, I also thank you for at least taking the time to read this and I hope we will cross paths again in the future so you will be able to better enjoy my finished works.
He honestly wasn’t sure how much more he could take and then it all came to a head.
With his decision made up he re-opens his phone and dials her number. It barely takes two rings for her to answer.
The pain was horrific and even the gag that was shoved in his mouth couldn’t stop the pained wail that tore through his throat. In front of him through the veil of agony coating his brain he could here his audience’s muffled shrieks and gasps through their gags along with the sound of struggling. The struggling was most probably from John, Lestrade or both though he couldn’t quite pin point it right now or even look up as the horrible stinging throbbing in his thumb was stealing all his attention. He wanted to stop right there; to throw the knife down and quit whatever ridiculous game this was but he only had around six minutes left and eight fingers and one thumb left to stab. Trying not to think too hard about what he was doing he quickly jammed the knife in his pointer finger immediately followed by another rough jab into his middle finger. Both were done in less than ten seconds and he allowed himself a few more seconds to breath. His breath was coming out shaky and he couldn’t seem to suck enough air into his nose to calm himself or to even catch his breath properly. He looked down at his hand; it was bloody and curling into itself as if it were trying to shield itself from the attacks but it was useless he still had two fingers to go on that hand. He goes for his ring finger next but only stabs it in halfway before hesitating. He knows Moriarty won’t be satisfied with that and doesn’t want to risk the possible consequences so he pushes it on the rest of the way. A bitter sob fills his ears and he distantly recognizes it as his own. One more finger to go – on this hand that is – his mind so unhelpfully reminds him. The pinky finger is the worst. The nail is the smallest on that one, so when the wide shard of metal shoves under, it pushes the nail up tearing it almost completely off until its only held there by the cuticle. He drops the knife onto his lap for a moment and clenches his eyes shut tightly trying to fight through the pain that’s completely enveloping him. The cuts on his arm and chest were stinging even harsher now that his sweat had gotten all over them and his burns felt as if someone had placed a blanket of scorching hot metal over his shoulders and biceps though nothing hurt more than his right hand, which felt like it was – and quite literally was – torn apart. Even the air seemed to be hurting it. But on the bright side at least he only had one hand left!
He turned back to look at her and when he saw the hopeful yet motivated look in her eyes he couldn’t help but play along.
He’d tell him everything. Be his eyes.
“And what? You aren’t?!”
, he’d tease.
Why didn’t he see it then?
die. He continued stroking up and down, up and down. His head was swimming and he could hear his own heavy breaths filling the air. His legs were spreading wider, begging for more contact, aching for the sensation he had been denied for so long.
too just notice it when he was still here? When I could have done something about it.” He laughed but it was low and bitter and made Ella shift in her chair. “Yeah, no thanks. Ta though. As much fun as it sounds to go over
“Yeah, well, we got one hell of a case going on.” He waved to the bar tender and motioned that he wanted what John was having. After the bartender came over with his drink and walked away he ran his hand through his more salt than pepper hair and took a great big gulp of his pint. “He would have loved it.” John doesn’t need to ask Greg who ‘He’ is.
“Well, I suppose who goes through this round doesn’t reaaaaally matter much. I do still have some more tricks up my sleeve. Though I think I’ll leave the choice up to Sherlock here. Sherl honey, what do you think?” A flash of relief passed over Lestrade’s face as if he actually expected Sherlock to let him do it. Though as soon as he saw Sherlock viciously shaking his head the relief was completely replaced with a new bout of horror.
. He would’ve found a way to get the same end result (everyone safe) without humiliating and embarrassing himself.
In that moment, John Watson vowed to be a better man.
First things first, every celebration needs a little liquid reward. He walks back over to the counter, where Jack has been patiently waiting for him and pours another. He takes a sip and smiles. It tastes better, somehow, than the first two had. This one tastes of success. Achievement.
“Take his gag off, pretty please,” he ordered the grunt with a limp. The lackey hobbled over to Lestrade and untied his gag none-to gently. Greg now had the attention of the whole room as he panted slightly and regarded Moriarty with a pleading look.
My God was he tired. He didn’t want to do anything today except lay in this chair and maybe have a drink. Come to think of it a drink sounded bloody fantastic right now. His eyes wandered over to the small clock on the mantel and felt a small self-deprecating chuckle sneak past his lips. Ten after three and he was already getting ready to drown himself in whiskey. Well, he supposed it was close enough to Happy Hour to not be a complete lush, and today did call for a bit of liquid help. He couldn’t shake a little itch in his mind that told him he was missing something though. By god, when wasn’t he missing something? It seemed like John was constantly just bumbling his way oblivious through his own life until someone else pointed the important bits out to him. No, this time he could damn well figure it out himself. What day was it? Monday, because he had his appointment with Ella. He didn’t usually have anything set on Mondays but… Oh. Right. He was meeting with Mindy at four. He didn’t want to go at all. Every particle in his body wanted to stay glued to this chair and cocoon the day away with bad telly and good scotch, but he knew he had too. He had promised and he didn’t want to actually hurt the girl. He may not be after anything serious with her but he didn’t want to be cruel either.
without Sherlock, like his lungs just didn’t want to expand and contract to give him oxygen anymore. It was like he was unconsciously trying to follow after Sherlock. That is, when he wasn’t doing it consciously.
– to something else, anything else. Maybe then it wouldn’t have happened, if Sherlock’s own
“You and Lestrade couldn’t have done anything, John! It’s not your fault that I’m here, it’s mi-“
“I believe that’s about all I have to share with you at this point in time, though I will be sure to let you know if anything new comes up.”
On the way home he considers stopping off at his and Sherlock’s favourite Thai place on the way to Baker Street. He decides in favour of takeaway and ends up ordering his favourite of green curry and spring rolls but also finds himself asking for mango curry and hot and sour soup. He hates mango curry and hot and sour soup but it had been Sherlock’s favourite so he had ordered it on impulse. He decides not to correct his order. Sherlock’s smell is practically non-existent in Baker Street now and John thinks that this will at least make Sherlock’s presence cling a bit more to the flat.
“Ah,” John nodded once, “Well, good. That’s… Good.”
“I’d say we’re ready to begin now - oh - but keep the gag in. I’d say it’s quite a good look on you.” Behind Moriarty Sherlock heard John let out a low growl. “All right, now I’m giving you ten minutes to make yourself bleed. I want you twisting in agony, and to know that you’re doing it to yourself. These ordinary people do nothing but hold you back. They stop you from reaching your full potential, your full potential that I could so easily help you achieve. You torture yourself everyday trying to live in their world… let’s make that metaphor a reality, shall we sweetheart? Torture yourself Sherlock. I want to see you bleed. Bleed enough to satisfy me and the first pet won’t die.”
“John dear, you’re really looking so much better. I’ve been so worried…”
John shook his head. He couldn’t let those thoughts in.
I think I’ll pass.”
The day itself goes relatively smoothly. No patients die or barf on him, so John considers himself lucky. It goes smoothly but slowly. Each hour seems to last triple the time and by the time his shift is over he feels as if the day might as well have been a week.
“Tsk tsk Sherlock. You’ll never get any work done from alllll the way over there. I know you know how to give a proper blowjob so get to work. Impress me,” he said the last line with a smug smirk but that wasn’t the part that made Sherlock uneasy, it was what he said before that. He knows? He wasn’t sure how much Moriarty had actually dug up on his past though after The Woman had claimed that Moriarty had nick-named him The Virgin he was fairly sure he hadn’t actually dug too deep. Sherlock was a curious person at heart and he had spent his University years much like everyone else had when it came to sexual experimentation. Apparently he had underestimated the consulting criminal. Again. How stupid of him. He took a big breath to prepare himself before bringing his head a bit closer, in his current position if he stuck his tongue out just a bit it would graze against the bead of pre-come that was still getting ever bigger.
knew him. He was a good man.”
They get through almost the whole date without and muss-ups but then dessert comes she brings up the one thing he desperately wanted to avoid.
In truth, he had always been curious about what Sherlock’s life in Uni must have been like though once he caught a glimpse of it through Sebastian he realized he may not really want to know.
He couldn’t have.
Cabs made him think of Sherlock, pure and simple.
to hear me talk about him much. Except for nosy gits who want to know if the papers are true or not. Or reporters who want to
He tore his eyes away from the dark brown sofa and met her gaze. He made sure his hands were placed casually on the arms of his chair and he adopted an easy smile on his face. The last thing he wanted was for Ella to start calling him out on his defensive posture.
“I… I don’t know if I can promise something like that.” He answers honestly. “But… knowing the profound… psychological effect it has on you, and taking in the fact that friends are supposed to help the other I will try to behave differently should it ever occur again.” The visible relief that washes over John after this sentence is gratifying but all too quickly wiped away by what Sherlock adds to it. “But I would still never allow you to lose your eye sight or life for my sake.” John let’s out an all-suffering sigh and opens his mouth to speak but Sherlock, feeling a surge of righteousness, cuts him off. “If you had been in my position today can you honestly say you would have acted any differently? If you had been sitting in my chair instead, facing the decisions I was faced with, would you have told Moriarty to go ahead and blind me instead?” Sherlock can see his words hit John. The army doctor looks gutted. Before he even lowers his head and reluctantly replies Sherlock knows what his answer will be.
As if anyone could have convinced Sherlock to do
hadn’t lashed out and insulted him he may have felt he didn’t have to do it, didn’t have to go. Maybe if he had just been more supportive, more caring Sherlock would have felt safer, would have stayed instead of leaving him all alone.
, John.” He pauses. “I… I have never been the type to make friends easily. Though people are generally open books to me in moments, the social proceedings that must take place in order to properly befriend them have always been something of an enigma. You… you are the only person I’ve ever been able to call a ‘best friend’. That is important to me. I’ve lived with my eye sight my whole life and I’ve lived with you for a mere part of my life but given the choice I know which one would make the greater impact on me if I were to lose it.” It’s a simple answer. It’s true as well. Sherlock would give up anything for John Watson and that includes any or all of his five senses. John, though, apparently disagrees with the sentiment as he lets a long sorrowful sigh trail out of his mouth.
“Mm-hmm. They’re good friends with my parents.” John nodded and moved to speak again but was suddenly assaulted with a memory.
They entered the building and their shoes echoed. It sounded like a warehouse of some sort, and in the background he could hear muffled groans and heavy breathing. So, he wasn’t the only one that was captured than. All of a sudden he was tossed to the ground and his head hit the wet cement floor with a sickening thud that made his body go slack for a moment.
Sherlock had been the only one to treat John as the soldier he was instead of the cripple he appeared to be. The detective had no problem insulting him or recruiting him to fight crime. Sherlock had given him what no one else had been able to, or had even tried to do. He gave him a purpose. But now that was gone, because Sherlock was gone – still can’t say dead, he’s just gone, not dead – and John no longer knew what he was living for.
“You know, I’m not quite sure. I think I may have to repeat it to get more accurate results.” Sherlock smiles. He feels giddy. John is making him feel giddy.
“You have always seemed so sure of that. That he is – was – a good man.” The whole time he spoke it was to his beer but he could still sense Greg’s eyes on him, trying to pinpoint where he was going with this. “I mean, I was too. Always have been. I shot a man for him the first full day we knew each other.” Greg shifted a little uneasily next to him and coughed pointedly. Greg knew about Jeff Hope. He knew that John was the one who had taken his life that night. He knew, but they had never spoken it out loud, both of them choosing ignorance over any sort of confrontation. In fact, ignoring undesirable facts seemed to be a theme in their friendship. “I don’t know how I knew he was a good man. I could immediately understand why I thought he was incredible; that much was obvious to anyone. I think it took a while of living with him to fully understand how
Sherlock was ashamed of himself. Barfing into a rubbish bin after having his mouth and body violated by the man he hated most on this earth while his two closest friends watched. How would any of them ever get over this? They wouldn’t. As he threw up violently into the rubbish bin he knew this for certain. None of them would ever forget this and Greg and John, John especially, would never forgive him for it. Greg may seem forgiving now but that was just because he felt guilty for some imagined reason. Once he came to his senses and realized that Sherlock was the one to blame for all this he would leave. And so would John.
“When exactly will I be able to go home?” Sherlock didn’t bother with pleasantries. He never had before and he wasn’t exactly planning to start now. Surprisingly Dr. Richards didn’t look taken back at all and instead just gave him an amused grin.
. Sherlock breathed it in deep, relishing in the familiar and well missed scent.
Mrs. Hudson was already waiting for them outside when they arrived in front of Baker Street.
Moriarty seemed pleased with his performance and carefully slid the knife out of his slightly shaky hand. He tossed the shaking up to blood loss and nothing more. He took a moment to glance at the others. Anderson seemed to be calming down, Sally was still and silent, Lestrade looked like he was either going to be sick or go on a homicidal rampage and John… John had lost the edge to his anger, and was now looking quite pale as well.
With a tinge of guilt John deleted the message. He felt bad about it, she was a nice girl and he was flattered that she’d taken an interest but he really wasn’t fit to start a relationship, messaging back would only be unfairly leading her on.
“Don’t go.” He sounds needy and desperate and he’s acting disgustingly clingy put he can’t help it. He’s in a hospital and his whole body is so sore, from both his injuries and his lack of movement. He needs John right now and right in this moment he doesn’t care if that makes him look needy.
All of a sudden it was too much. His head hurt and his throat was sore. His whole body hurt. He could feel John and Lestrade’s nervous glances. He couldn’t stop imagining the feeling of Jim Moriarty’s hand in his hair, stroking his curls as though they were lovers, his penis between his lips and his hot come sliding greedily down his throat. One gagging cough was all he got in warning before he was vomiting in his mouth.
“No, someone new actually. We met on the tube the other day.” John found himself irritated by how pleased Ella looked at this new information.
” He shakes his head and huffs. “We had been working together for a few months and honestly I didn’t trust him a bit.” John hadn’t expected that. Greg always seemed so trusting in Sherlock’s word that it seemed impossible to imagine otherwise.
“Hello.” Sherlock answers back, his voice dropping down to a frequency just above a whisper.
did it to you. He might not have gotten his hands dirty but you were backed into a corner, and that’s partly my fault.” Sherlock felt his eyebrows crinkle up in confusion. He didn’t have a clue what Lestrade was talking about. He had been prepared for the DI to blame him. To be angry and disgusted. To say he would never look at him the same. The last thing he expected was for Lestrade to blame
“You know the owners?”
“That’s. That’s um, wow. Okay.” John is visibly flustered and seems to be at a loss for words. “That’s… that’s really, pretty bloody incredible actually. No, well, not incredible, but…” “Okay. Look. So this friendship thing is clearly a bit of an unknown area for you, yeah?” Sherlock nods slowly, not sure where John is going with this. “Well then I’m going to have to teach you some things, so that this,” he motions towards Sherlocks broken form laying in the hospital bed, “never happens again. Okay. So, friendship, especially best friends, which yes we are, is a two way street. It’s about give and take.”
He snapped his fingers and four laser sites appeared, finding there way to each of the spectators, resting right above each of their hearts.
He makes it on time to work, in any case. Sarah nods approvingly and she is much nicer to him then she had been the day before but John knows he is nowhere close to making amends for the day before. He’s still got a long way to go to proving himself.
How do you fix yourself once you’ve become a monster?
He didn’t really think he’d do it.
He remembered that night so well. Sherlock had of course been in another one of his strops and had stolen John’s gun from where the ex-army doctor had hidden it in his bedside table. John could still remember how his heart had raced in panic when he heard the gunshots. Memories of his time in Afghanistan had mingled with the fear that someone was using those bullets on
John Watson.” He actually felt himself blush at that.
“Not long. A few hours. Five tops. You were going in and out for a while but you probably don’t remember the first few times you woke up. You kept falling back under in a matter of seconds,” he glances over at the dark haired man before looking back down to his lap and continuing. “They stitched up your, uh, your cuts, and did some kind of surgery on your shoulders before bandaging them up. Gave you a sedative, that sort of thing. Pretty sure they were waiting for you to be conscious to do anything more drastic. John and I already gave our statements to the cops, though they’ll still need one from you…” he looked back up at Sherlock to gauge his reaction but Sherlock was already off again. His fuzzed up brain finally reminded him that John was no where in sight which was unusual. Sherlock did expect some sort of negative reaction from John, he had a temper and wasn’t very good at hiding it and Sherlock had done something even more outrageous than usual (which was really saying something) but he had at least expected John to be there when he woke up. He felt a cold weight drop in his stomach. An uneasy feeling spread through him a nagging voice in his head was mocking him.
He was alone again.
“Ta.” John nodded towards him before the doctor turned around and departed from the room. The silence in the room was deafening now. Sherlock could tell that both John and Greg wanted to say something, they kept looking at each other as if communicating telepathically but they didn’t voice any of their thoughts which unfortunately left Sherlock to fall deeper and deeper into his own mind which had quite a bit to say.
he thinks he deserves some time to take that in. He is still gaping at her and stewing in his own pissed off thoughts when she picks the one-sided conversation up again.
“You aren’t stupid, John. I’m fine really. I just hate being here. Hospitals have never been a place I feel particularly comfortable and I’m afraid the current circumstances aren’t doing anything to help that. I want to go back to Baker Street.” He really does. He misses their flat and his experiments and Mrs. Hudson. He misses clients and cases and racing through the streets of London with John at his heel. Sitting weeks in a hospital bed is a nightmare.
How nice it would be.
John, who has had Mrs. Hudson’s cooking many times before, knows it’s delicious.
It couldn’t be, because Sherlock had steel eyes. Blue and bright and luminous. The eyes staring back at him were nothing like that. They were brown and soft, with laugh lines around them, even though the man was clearly so young. John never knew he could be so disappointed by a persons eye colour.
“No… I’m uh, I’m good.” Oh god, now he’s mumbling. Could he get any more pathetic? “Little drugged up though,” he shrugged over at the I.V. in his arm rhythmically dripping the relaxing sedative into his body. He seemed to have suddenly acquired the wonderful ability to state the obvious. He wondered how John felt about him using morphine right now. He knew John didn’t exactly approve of his history of substance abuse. Would this be the last straw, he wondered. Would John tell him right here and now that he couldn’t take living with some junkie who got off on self-harm and giving sexual favours to his enemies?
“Anyhow, to make it up to me come down to the pub with me tonight.” John was about to refuse, give some half-assed excuse about how he was just too busy with other things, but honestly, a little time out of the flat might do him some good just about now.
He shook his head and moved on. No point in dwelling on any of that right now. The third message surprised him as it was from someone he’d entirely forgotten about.
To all current and future readers,
“I’ve been better,” his own voice surprised him slightly. It was croaky from disuse and sore from the fellatio. Oh God. He could not think about that while looking at John, he just couldn’t. He mentally cringed at himself and lowered his gaze not wanting to be faced with Johns own intense eye contact but the Doctor was having none of it and tilted his chin up so they were facing each other again. Sherlock prayed his embarrassment wasn’t showing.
“Make it go quicker.” It sounds pathetically like a beg.
“Okay Sherlock, you have ten minutes starting now!”
What was he doing acting so casually in the first place? He could only imagine what Lestrade and John must be thinking of him right now. He felt his whole body fill with shame and all of a sudden all he wanted to do was hide under the thin hospital blanket so that no one could see him. So that no one could see through him and see how disgusting he really was. He felt mortified.
shaking.
to find it.
As their lips are pressed together and they are giggling in each others arms Sherlock feels all the residual pain from the hospital and his injuries float way and all that’s left is them. The pain will eventually return and theres still so much they need to say and do but in this moment all that matters is that they’re there and they’re together.
The thought makes him feel even more exhausted, if that’s possible.
Oh God.
“He’s awake?” John’s voice cut through Lestrade’s and both men halted their conversation to look at the blond standing in the doorway holding two medium sized steaming coffees that were no doubt weak and tasted awful. John stared at Sherlock for a minute and the brunette felt himself freeze. What was he going to say? What was he thinking?
He had always known Sherlock had suicidal tendencies, it was something that was hard to miss with the way the man would throw himself into harm's way without a second thought but John had always assumed that was just to prove his cleverness. Make everyone see how genius he really was. He never thought that he might actually have a death wish.
He couldn’t help but compare everyone to Sherlock, and they couldn’t help but come up short.
John smiles around the gun.
He’d listen to the gentle, rhythmic slapping of skin echoing through the room and feel his own skin tingle with sensation.
of yours.” Her voice is flabbergasted as she giggles out ‘woman’ and John feels that same exasperation flow through him like it used to every time she would give him grief over a new girlfriend or whether he needed a ‘second bedroom’ after all. He’s exasperated and he’s sure that he’ll be made fun of lots throughout the rest of the afternoon but he shoves that aside, sits down and lets his landlady pour him another cuppa.
Why is he even avoiding her in the first place? He’s acting like a grieving widower for Christ’s sake!
“Just, please Sherlock, honestly how are you? And don’t try to sell me that bloody ‘fine’ bullshit. There’s no way you could be
His veins were pumping fast and erratic through his body.
“No. No, I won’t let you. They are your eyes Sherlock do you know how valuable those are? Not just to you but to all the people who you help with them. How will you solve all those cases without them, huh? How will you see some tiny seemingly insignificant clue on a victims shoe and tell Anderson what an idiot he is for not noticing it?” Tears were now welling up in the doctor’s eyes, dangerously close to spilling over and rolling down his flushed cheek.
“What?!” He growled again, throwing his hands up in the air. He was pretty damn sure therapist’s weren’t supposed to smile as their clients had mental fucking breakdowns.
Her job is to
When John wakes up he’s sweating. His whole body is coated in it, but it’s not the cold sweat of nightmares it’s hot and insistent and seems to be coming almost entirely from between his legs where a throbbing erection is standing proudly. John sits up, knocking over the half empty bottle of whiskey, his hand still holding on tight to Sherlock’s shirt and looks at it in horrified awe.
“For round three I want to see you shove this knife under each of your nails. I was considering just getting you to rip them off completely buuuuut this seems like more fun. Though to shake it up a bit this time I’m setting a quota. If you haven’t gotten all your nails when the time runs out I’ll finish the job on the ever so brave cop you seem so very fond of.” Sherlock felt a spike of panic go through him. So much for saving his hands. He looked up at Lestrade with wide eyes. The mans face was full of guilt and was now a chalky white with a sheen of sweat covering it. If he looked that bad Sherlock couldn’t imagine how much of a mess he must look now. He looked back over at Moriarty as he began handing him the already blood stained knife though before the weapon could reach his hand Moriarty’s attention was stolen by Lestrade’s panicked grunts and desperate thrashing. Moriarty stared at him in amusement before snapping his fingers and pointing towards the strung out DI.
He looked around for the nearest thing he could use to clean his hand and his eyes land on Sherlock’s white button up shirt resting snuggly next to his leg. He hesitated for a moment but the continued blaring ringtone of his phone helped him to make the decision quicker. Wiping himself off on the white button down he reaches over with his other hand and snags his angry mobile.
The box wasn’t a complete disappointment though as he ended up finding a DVD.
He knows exactly what he needs, he’s just nervous to make the first step. It seems big to go back to work. He doesn’t know how he’ll react or if it will prove to be too much for him to take but he’s running out of his savings, which were already meager to begin with.
He thinks of darker times. Times when it hadn’t just been lemon and gun powder dominating his smell but the sinister sharp scent of chlorine. He closes his eyes and he can see it now.
“I’m proud of my hideous jumpers, ta very much!” Just then when they’re both giggling and smiling at each other the waitress (an older woman with a frumpy figure and frazzled ginger hair) comes and says she’s there to take their order. John let’s Mindy order for them both with whatever she recommends and the waitress writes it down though she seems to be paying more attention to looking at John with amused curiosity. He suspects this woman may be one of the owners. Eventually, she leaves and the date continues on much as it had started. It’s pleasant and they laugh a lot. There are a few awkward moments but those go by quickly and often just lead to more joking. He learns that Mindy was born in India, though her parents moved here while she was just a baby so she doesn’t remember it. She’s currently going to Manchester University to study chemical engineering, which John finds surprising but fascinating. She’s the middle child with an older brother, an older sister and a younger brother. She has a sweet tooth and caramel is her favourite. She can’t stand raisins though. Really can’t stand them. Just the sight of them makes her nauseous.
“He’s my friend! Please, I’m a doctor!”
Moriarty.
“Said what?”
“No, there wasn’t really. Well, every now and then he would get these atrocious black moods.” He felt himself frown at the thought. “He would just curl up on the sofa and no matter what you did he wouldn’t speak or move or eat. He would just lay there till he snapped out of it. Or till he got bored and went searching for my gun.”
She leaves and the sound of the door closing, though just as gentle as he had come to expect things from Mindy, echoed through the flat and made John ache with loneliness. He couldn’t move for a moment, just staying stuck. Frozen to the floor with his own shame and guilt as shackles. Though they were invisible to the eye they were heavier than any steel or metal could hope to be. His mind is on a permanent rewind, replaying the same loop over and over again of what just happened. He’s already feeling slightly mournful of their relationship and it’s now lost future. Mindy had been good. Good for him. She was sweet and kind and really very pretty, even if she wasn’t John’s usual type. He had begun to feel quite fond of her as well. He knows technically they haven’t broken up yet, but how could they not? It would be too much to ask of anyone to deal with his mountain of baggage. Now Mindy would just end up feeling like a stand in for Sherlock, and would John really be able to assure her that wasn’t true?
He isn’t fully aware how it happens, but suddenly Mindy is kneeling in front of him and his dick is surrounded by burning wet heat. He looks down and sees his hand buried deep in dark black hair and that’s all it takes before he’s shaking and gasping
“I’m a big fan, in any case. Or I was…” She trails off, getting lost in her head before finding herself and shaking it off. “When Sherlock jumped off Barts’ the papers all attacked him. It – it made me so angry! I was such a big fan of the two of you. You did good work, meaningful work that helped so many people. Then he died and they all started attacking him. And you. I wanted to do something. To make it different, but I’m not exactly well-known in my field of work. My boss wants me to write about make-up and shopping and silly things you hardly need a degree to write. Then I saw you, on the subway and it all just
John thought that the first text message would be the last he’d hear from Mindy, and it’s for that reason that he finds himself being surprised when he hears the phone ring and he see’s Mindy’s name displayed on the small screen. On instinct he goes to answer but stops himself just in time. If he ignored her text he should ignore her phone call.
“I guess I’m no more responsible for it than you are.” Sherlock gave a small smile back, feeling like he was understanding John a bit better now. He still didn’t see it the same way, not at all, but he could at least understand where his friend was coming from.
John gasps sharp and tight as he comes hard in his own hand. The orgasm hits him like a wave and makes his limbs feel tingly, and when the shame hits, he’s almost prepared.
“Is there a chance of an earlier release date if you know that I live with a medical professional?”
John laughs, takes another sip of his drink and smiles.
and Mindy deserves the truth. “I wasn’t thinking. Couldn’t think. I just… I just wasn’t thinking. It didn’t mean anything. I’m so sorry.” He’s getting repetitive and not making much sense. He’s always been terrible at the communication aspect of relationships and clearly trial and error wasn’t making him any better.
A few days later and John finds himself sitting on Sherlock’s bed with his gun laid out carefully in front of him.
He spent so much time lecturing Sherlock on his horrible eating habits and now here he is doing the same thing.
Today he opened his closet, pulled out the only black button down he owned and a deep blue blazer he had been gifted last year for Christmas. He wouldn’t usually have accepted such an obviously expensive gift, but Sherlock hadn’t let him refuse and eventually John had just accepted it gratefully. He had known Sherlock could afford it after all. The blazer fit him like a glove, the high quality fabric hugging and hiding him in all the right places and making it seem as if he were taller, somehow. He didn’t have any particularly fancy trousers, but he did have a decent enough looking pair of black slacks. They were a bit loose, he had bought them when he was much stockier, and they weren’t doing anything particularly flattering to his arse but he figured the blazer would be enough to distract from his other, more unfortunate clothing choices.
before slamming in and making the younger man swallow him in one go. In John’s mind Sherlock wasn’t used to having cocks slammed down his throat. He would gasp and gag. His eyes would be red and filled with tears, his chin would be coated with saliva and John would just smile. He’d smile down at his pretty debauched boy and tell him how good he was being.
At this point she gives a small giggle, though it sounds awkward.
Jesus, Sherlock –
“I know you do. So do I. We just have to wait a bit longer, till your better enough to leave.” It’s true, he can tell. John is a man of action. A doctor and a soldier. He, like Sherlock, craves danger and spurts of adrenaline. John has never been and will never be the sitting down type.
A voice suspiciously like Moriarty’s sang.
“Just don’t make me regret this, okay John?” And with that she leaves the office and John takes his first breath of the day.
“I have never doubted your reliability, John.”
When they arrive at the clinic John doesn’t know if he’s relieved or more stressed then ever. The last thing he wants to do right now is face Sarah but he knows he has to. Choosing to just be brave and act like a man for once, John rushes out of the cab and into the clinic saying a rushed hello to the receptionists. They say hello back but he doesn’t miss the stink eyes they throw his way and he knows Sarah isn’t the only one he’s affected by being a no-show this morning. He vows to properly apologize to the receptionists later, likely through a peace offering of coffee and some of those cute cakes from the bakery down the street the women in the office are always talking about.
“Yeah, actually. I did.” She seemed impressed.
His voice came out weak and useless against the loud wind and the force still didn’t let up so he tried again.
Tears prickle his eyes, threatening to build and build until they fall in thick rivulets down his face but John doesn’t allow them too. He uses every ounce of British stiff upper lip and stoicism to keep the tears at bay. He refuses to cry in this bed twice in a row. He’s not that pathetic. Or, rather he is but refuses to act like it.
The thing that ends up bringing him out of his mental rampage is his phone. The sound is loud and makes him groan out several expletives that would have made a sailor blush as he snatches his phone from where he had tossed it aside the night before. As soon as he sees the caller ID his stomach
“This is bloody mad even for you.” Ah, and there was Anderson. Sherlock was somewhat impressed to see he was no longer sniveling and snotty though he was still shaking like a leaf and his eyes were bloodshot and swollen.
“I assume Mycroft is the reason we’re in an upgraded room?” Both John and Greg seemed to both deflate in relief at the break in silent tension.
“Shh, it's alright. Go to sleep. I’ll be here when you wake up.”
The red dots of the sniper rifles now turned their attention to Sally who tensed up slightly, but otherwise remained calm. She was clearly terrified but holding herself together quite well under the circumstances and Sherlock couldn’t help but gain a bit more respect for her. Most people tended to get a bit more panicky when their lives were being threatened by sniper rifles and the only thing standing in the way of their death was a sociopath whom they fight with on a daily basis; Anderson had been proof enough of that.
“Age: 4 Suicide attempt no.1 – Sherlock cut his wrists with fathers’ razor. Mother found him in the bathtub. Ambulance was called. Released from hospital: after 2 weeks.
John reached to touch the detectives shoulder, but before he could reach it Sherlock slapped it away. The sudden move made Sherlock lose balance again making him tumble forward. John instinctively leaped forward to catch him but as soon as he touched the detective he pushed him away again. Sherlock fell back on the door frame (thank god not down the stairs) lending directly on his amputated arm. A scream escaped his throat and white light blinded him for a second as the pain shot through him.
Sherlock looked a John as if he had grown bunny ears. “Em you want to leave her with me? What if something happens? Aren’t you afraid that she could get hurt?”
“I will arrange your move here. You go and take care of … that” Said Mycroft and pointed at the bathroom. Mrs Hudson rolled her eyes at Mycroft and patted John on the shoulder. “I will go make some tea.”
“How they feasted upon your rotting flesh? Or did I burn off all your nerves there? You sure did scream like a little girl when I was burning it off–“
I would like to improve my writing but for that I need your feedback. Anyway thank you again, and see you soon :*
“No, no I need to calm down. I can do this. I can do it. It’s just a little human creature. All it needs is food and water. I will be fine. She will sleep till John comes back and then he will take care of her. No panic” he said to himself and swiftly turned around to look at the sleeping angel.
“How did you find the cameras?”
John took a deep breath and slowly exhaled. Just how many more situations like this did John overlook? … A few dozen at least. Sherlock always looked out for John even when John didn’t know he needed it.
It’s been 5 days since John moved back in. And 2 days since Rosy came. Sherlock didn’t have anything against John moving back in. All he said was: “It was logical that Mycrost would ask you. He still sees us as friends.”
John realizes that there is something fishy about the detectives behavior so he goes to the one person he thinks could help him safe Sherlock Holmes.
After reading it he read it ten times more, just to hang on to her every word a little longer. Even though she screwed him over a couple of times, she was still one of the few people who Sherlock respected and liked. Her loss hit him hard and this, this letter was like getting a piece of her back.
“I will give you a ring if I think of something” Said John and picked up the file from the table. Mycroft let out a deep breath and his body relaxed visibly. A faint smile shot on his face.
“No, I can’t -”
“John! John wake up!” John woke up with a silent scream before he realized that the hand on his shoulder was that of Mycroft. A sudden flash of sadness waved thru John but it was soon followed by relief … kind of.
Now it was 8 pm and John had the paper sheds of the file spread across the floor. There were many notes stuck to the paper and John could feel that he was missing something. He ran over his notes again and that’s when he noticed something odd. In every entry since last year there was a reappearing problem with his right arm. At first it was merely a note that Mycroft wrote to himself, but then the symptoms became more and more clear.
This may have slipped by Sherlocks blurred receptors but not passed Mycroft. After a minute of short conversation with Sherlock he followed John to the doctor’s office. When he arrived John had just finished talking to the doctor. “What is your plan of action John? I know you have something up your sleeve” Said Mycroft some hope returning to his voice.
“Shit.” Was all that he could say as his mind started to be flooded with ‘what ifs’. What if she wakes? What if she cries? What if he accidently poisoned her with cyanide?
“You crazy asshole. He could have killed you … You died … you died just like she did. What the bloody hell were you thinking?” John felt the tears streaming down his face again and this time he did not bother to hide his face in his palms. He grabbed Sherlocks hand and squeezed it tight. His hand was cold and so thin. John felt as if he could break it if he squeezed too tight.
"Guess that’s his room,” John said to himself and started to walk towards the room. He nodded at the police man and grabbed the door knob. He pushed it and realized it was locked. “Excuse me, why is this door locked?” asked John the police man. The young man stood up and tried to open the door himself. When the door did not open he started to look for a nurse to unlock it. John was becoming a bit nerves and when he heard some weird noise coming from inside he deceit to break down the bloody door. He made a few steps back and then he ran in to the door. The police man tried to stop him at first but then decided to help him. They hit the door three more time before it finally gave in. John quickly ran in to the room just to see Sherlock lying motionless on his bed and all the machines on which he was hooked were shut down or put on mute. From the corner of his eyes John could see someone escaping through a hidden door by the side.
“I understand. It will be done right away.” Were the only words John heard before the phone went silent again. John tugged his phone in to his pocket and waved at the first taxi that he saw. Even though the streets were clear (because it was quite late already) and the taxi driver was driving like a maniac, they still needed about 40 min to the hospital what felt more like 40 days to John. Each and every second mattered at this point.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Shut up!” said Sherlock and slammed his fist in to the concrete ground. And of course when Sherlock looked at the man again he was gone.
“We get to decide what procedure to do or not.” Finished Mycroft instead of John.
His sobbing was uncontrollable, his shaking unbearable. He tried to pull himself together, be the strong, emotionless Holmes brother he is known to be, but he simply could not put the mask back on. He was broken, scared and exposed like he has never been before. “Unknown situation – danger” was the only thing his brain was able to compose, but he could not do anything about it.
“If anything were to happened I told him to call me, so don’t worry. I trust that they will be alright”
“Go after him, I will take care of Sherlock!” John yelled at the police man while he ran to Sherlocks’ side. He did not look to check if the man listened to him he just wanted to get to Sherlock.
“Hmm?” mouthed John back.
“Don’t be sorry. You are the best and wisest men that I have ever met. You are the one I love. I beg you Sherlock … Stop this. Come on! Come back to me. Give me the gun.” John stretched his hand out toward Sherlock, offering him to give him the gun. John was now just a meter away from him, it looked so close, yet felt so far.
The arm was cut off a little bit over the elbow. It was heavily bandaged, but one could still see a little red showing at the very bottom of it. John felt the need to touch it, to really make sure that the arm was gone but he managed to suppress that urge.
“I’ll be there. J.W.”
If the only way to protect John was to cut himself out of his life … than he would do that. It was true that he was mad at John right now and that he did not consider them friends anymore, but he knew that he still cared for the little doctor. He was his first real friend in many years and he was thankful for all the good years they had together.
“… I am not a good man ... I thing I have been selfish and cold long before …”
“I know Sherlock, I know. I’m sorry too.” Said the doctor and pulled Sherlock into a tighter hug.
“You said that once before. But what do you mean with you had to stop Moriarty? He was already dead by that time. He killed himself the same day that you threw yourself off the building. Why did you still go?”
You can even write me. If you ever just need a person to talk to and not feel judged I'm here for you. You can find me on tumblr, pinterest, instagram or you can just write me here. You are worthy of love no matter what people say. I love you.
“John you’re a good doctor and all but you missed 8 shifts with no explanation. And when you do come you always look distracted. I’m sorry but I have to let you go. I know you have a lot going on but –“ John didn’t want to listen to this anymore. He hung up on the call and took a deep breath.
“Language! Rosy is in the next room.” Said John and turned around to face Sherlock. The detective clumsily managed to rise himself on his elbow and looked confused at the intruder.
Until next time :*
YourKingOfHellLovesYou :*
“Bloody hell. Five p.m.? Really? Shit… How is Sherlock?”
Mycroft was still staring in front of himself seemingly in to nothing. Then he slowly closed his eyes and lowered his head. “You were right. It was a blood clot inside his brachial artery. It was too small to detect it last week. They suspect he had it for a longer time but that small parts chipped off every now and then there by never totally closing off the artery. But now something changed and the clot just kept on growing. Now the blood flow thru it is just 40%, just enough that the limb didn’t turn black. The muscles of the arm are all damaged. They -…” Mycroft voice cracked suddenly and John could swear he saw tears form at the corners of the Brothers eyes. After a few deep breaths he slid his hand over his face, wiping away his tears. He lifted his head back up, no sight of the tears left and said with a shaky voice: “They want to cut off his arm.”
Bless you guys for sticking around. I hope you like this chapter, let me know in the comments below. All love, your TheKingOfHellLovesYou
John did not follow them. He didn’t feel like he had the right to be in that room right now. He wasn’t family. He went behind Sherlock back and changed his life forever. Sherlock was going to hate him. He will never want to see him again. And that was ok because John didn’t want to see Sherlock again too, right? He was still mad at him for killing his wife right? Or was he? Truth be told he didn’t really know if he was still mad. Right now he was just happy that Sherlock was alive. His emotions were a storm of joy, guilt, fear and so much more. He set down again in the waiting room and just stared in front of himself, just thinking about this whole situation. And before he knew it he drifted off in to a deep deep slumber.
“I remembered a legal loop hole in this whole thing. We can not force Sherlock to do something even if it is in his own medical interest. But if he is unconscious his guardian or whoever he has given the authority over his health decides what to do. So if Sherlock is in a medically induced come  -“
“Well dick-head, you are hurt! Of course I worry more!”
“Even now I’m being selfish by making the whole situation about me and my pain when Sherlock is the one suffering. I really can’t help myself, can I Rosy?” he said with a quiet voice to Rosy and smiling at her chubby little face. He let go of her and stood up. “I think it’s time I put Rosy to bed. Thank you Mrs Hudson for helping me with her again.” He said and picked Rosy up in his arms.
“Lestrade”
He was drowning and there was no one to help him. Sherlock is going to die and it will be all his fault for not protecting him better. For not protecting him like he should have! He should have never let him out of his house that night, he should have taken better care of him when he was in rehab, he should have never left him take on this blood case! Mistakes, so many god damn mistakes he has made. And he always thought himself so bloody clever and yet he couldn’t even protect his little brother. Not when he was 5 and tried to kill himself and not now when a psyho tried to kill him in a fucking hospital.
Sherlock's eyes went foggy again, drifting off in to some flashes from the past. In every flashing picture Sebastian was grinning at him. Grinning at his pain and despair. Sherlock was never allowed to say Sebastians name out loud - that is if he didn't want his fingertips to be burned off. He did say it a few times to spite the man but the experience still left him scarred and frightened of mentioning his name... He could still smell the burning flash in the air and hear the sound of the torch burning.
“Yes it was all for you … I should never have returned after that. You were happy and I destroyed everything by coming back. I’m so sorry John… So sorry!” The tears were now just streaming down Sherlocks face, making it hard for him to see.
“What was that?” asked John.
For the next 10 days he was pretty much cuffed to his bed. His body was still weak from his previous undernourishment, the drug overdose and the amputation. He could barely walk to the bathroom by himself (the first time he tried he literary collapse from exhaustion). His parents had left 5 days ago after Mycroft ensured them that he would let them know if anything happened to Sherlock again. So most of the time Sherlock was by himself in his little hospital room with no one to talk and with nothing to do. Molly and Greg came by once or twice a week. They never knew where to look when they came. They couldn’t look him in the eyes because they knew that he could see the pity that they felt for him and that was something that he really didn’t want from them. Yet again if they looked at his arm it would make them uncomfortable. Was this what Sherlock was now? Something that made people feel uncomfortable, something worth pitying? He was used to make people displeased but before he never really noticed – now it was standing out like a party at the funeral.
“To happen? Yes, well it did didn’t it? And all of it because of you.”
After he took 4 of the recommended 2 pills he silently went back to his room and sat back on his bed again. His nose finally stopped bleeding that much so he tossed his bloody scarf to the ground and took a deep breath throe his mouth. The taste of blood brought back many memories of his time in Siberia. Memories he was trying to forget-
“Jesus, Sherlock. First of all his name is Greg. Greg Lestrade. And second, he is busy. He has a job and enough going on in his own life right now. He does not need me bickering him to babysit. You will be just fine.”
John just shook his head at that and made his way to the fireplace. Sherlock was still shaking so he figured that a fire could not hurt. After lightening the fire, he sat down in his chair opposed Sherlock and just sat there in silence. He knew that Sherlock needed a few more minuts to recover and he was more than willing to give him that. No … he owed him that.
“You talking about the letter that you wrote him after Marys funeral?” asked the old housekeeper sadly.
“Molly, I’m begging you. He doesn’t want to see a therapist because he does not trust them. But he trusts you. Please just once --- just, try to talk to him.”
Suddenly all the voices got quiet as a little lough came thru. Sherlock blinked his eyes a couple of times to focus, just too see little Rosie smiling up at him and cupping both his cheeks.
“Mike, darling? Is everything alright? Why are you calling at such an ungodly hour? Are you alright?” Her voice was a little bit husky and he could hear the TV playing in the background. She probably fell asleep watching the old gameshow that she loves so much. Now he could hear father calling her and asking who is calling. He sounds worried, as if he already knew that something was wrong.
John starts to feel the consequences of his decision. Will Sherlock be ok? Will he wake up form the surgery?
The doctor deflected his attention to his little daughter that was playing on the ground and gave her a soft pat on the head. At least he could still look out for her. She didn’t need much; she was easy to read. All she needed was food and love. Nothing more. She was still untouched by the world, still innocent. She did not see yet how twisted people could be. How cruel they could be.
Harry Down and so many more …
Otherwise let me know what you think of this chapter. Is it too dark? I appreciate all comments and suggestion.
“If it were not for me Sherlock wouldn’t have had a relapse after Marys death. If I weren’t so centered on my own pain and blamed Sherlock for it all, he wouldn’t have done all that to get my attention. If I had been a better friend or even just a doctor I could have figured out that something was wrong with him. I could have saved his arm and the friendship we had. But I was selfish. I always was, wasn’t I?”
He looked back at the letter and folded it back in to the envelope and tucked in in to his pocket.
“I’ve found a good therapist who is willing to come visit you at home.  She seems to be –“
“Well fucking stop. I’m good! Stop talking to me like you do to your child.”
“Did you miss me?” Sherlock looked panicky to his right and there he was only centimeters away from his face. The mad eyes piercing him, the smile – a display of white sharp teeth. Sherlock moved away franticly, falling off the bed on to the floor, knocking over the little nightstand in the process. The IV in his left arm tore itself out in a painful manner making blood spill on the ground.
Wounds? Sherlock sustained wound while he was away in those two years? Again something that John had never asked about. John was tempted to go back a few pages to check the story behind it but he knew he had no time and also it was something Sherlock should tell him himself. So John kept reading, made notes, underlined things he found wired or important.
Sherlock pressed the sleeping girl tighter to himself as he made a new oath to Mary. And this one he was going to uphold. Even if it meant living, than god knows living was for him way harder than dying.
“Pain … There it is again my old friend. Thought I got rid of you but here you are again. Never leaving my side, always reminding me of how weak I am. How pathetic and worthless I am. And the darkness … of course I can’t forget about the darkness.” Most of the five years that he was on the run he spent in the dark. Best way to get around undetected but also a good way to go mad. The voices that came with the dark were always so loud and unclear. Some were
He picked up the plate with his other (actual) hand and put it on the table.
“He … he hasn’t been eating and he is not taking his medication that well. The physical therepy is making only little progress. H-He is like a skeleton; his bones are sticking out so much that you could count them. I’ve tried to convince him to eat, if for nothing else so that he would stumack his medicine better, but he just won’t listen. He looks like he could fall over any minut and I just don’t know what to do. He has become so distant. I can’t reach him, it’s like there is a wall between us. Everytime I want to talk to him he says he is tired and goes to his room. Yet evey morning that he comes out of it he looks worse then the night before. Like he hadn’t slept at all. He is trying to play it off. Convince me that he si trying his best and that he is fine but … But I think that he is far from fine. Molly I worry about him. I worry what he might do to himself.”
He did not reply, he never did. He wanted to, but he didn’t.
“Hey, hello. Listen, Molly? I need your help. It’s about Sherlock.”
John closed the file. A tear slipped down his cheek and a broken whine escaped his lips.
John never really thought about it that much. He hadn’t noticed how thoughtful Sherlock was about his eating. The detective always asked John if he was hungry and made sure that he ate even though he usually just sat next to John while he ate. Sherlock was lost in his mind palace in those moments, but still he was next to John. Did Sherlock know that John had a problem and was actively trying to help him? Damn, again something that John never thanked him for.
“John please,” Sherlock whispered, but John just moved further away. The footsteps were coming closer and closer know and Sherlock was sure that his heart was going to give out considering how fast it was beating.
Mrs Hudson was standing in between the doorframe looking down at the broken doctor.
“Little help here?” said Sherlock annoyed, but John just kept staring at him, ignoring the cry of his offspring. The crying just grew louder and more hysterical. Sherlock tried to calm her somehow, but slowly the voice in his head came back again and with it his panic. He grew anxious and he needed Rosie to stop or this was not gonna end well.
“Who?”
“Don’t worry. I will always protect you and your daddy. I will do everything that is in my power. For you and for John. That is my promise to you and to him.” As he said this he sifted his gaze to the side to see Mary softly looking at him. She was smiling, no longer covered in blood as she usually appeared before him. Her face was peaceful and not disfigured in anguish.
“Sad huh? Just a sad story. Is that what I am to you now? Sad little Sherlock …You just need a project to make yourself feel better after Mary. Is that what I am now to you? A bloody project that you can take care of and show off with before the new women that you will try to bang!?”
Sherlock has a panic attack and decides to tells John what really happened to him in the years that he was presumed dead.
“No, tell me now or I will not come. J.W.”
“No John is not here right now. He went out.” He said with great distress in his voice. He did not know how to act, how to talk to such a tiny creature.
John didn’t hear an answer… only the sound of the closing door.
Another hour gone by without any new information about Sherlock. It was four in the morning now, but John could swear that he was sitting in that bloody waiting room for a little eternity. Mycroft was cold and absolutely quiet now.  He didn’t even move anymore. John tried to convince him to take a little nap in another room or to go for a cup of tea in the cafeteria but he didn’t want to miss any new information about Sherlock, so John gave up. Sherlock’s parents called every half an hour to check if there were any news but of course there was nothing and so the mother just grew more and more worried. Now even John was freaking out. A normal amputation takes approximately an hour to four hours. John knew that this would not be an easy operation because of the blood cloth and the dead tissue but still they could send a bloody nurse to update them on Sherlock status.
“Well if his kidneys are in such a bad shape like you said they are then that shouldn’t come as a surprise.”
“Sherlock wants to go to John, but his wounds have not healed yet. Stills suffers from injuries sustained in Siberia. Shows signs of PTSD. Expected recovery time: 4-5 weeks.”
“Ok Mycroft before I let you go on tell me – why are you telling me all this? What does his drug use and all of it to do with me? I haven’t seen him in about week. And before I beat him to nothing but a bloody pulp I didn’t even talk to him.“
“Yes that will not be necessary Mr Watson. You're fired”
His trail of thoughts was broken shortly afterwards by the beeping sound of his phone. His eyes wander lazily to the screen. It was a text … Mycroft probably. Surly he wanted to know how his “research” was doing. He disregarded it and turned his look back to the file.
“I don’t understand, Sherlock. Protect us from what?”
"... No. I don't think so."
“No, no don’t touch Gorge… Please not him …” said Sherlock under his breath. He was shaking now. It was too much. The crying, the screaming of a child … it brought it all back. He had to get out of here. He had to get out now, but his body did not obey him. He could not move, all he could do was stare in to the ground and pray that it would all be over soon.
Johns voice was shaking as he ended his monolog and his eyes were wide open like that of a deer in front of headlights. He was now looking at Molly – trying to figure out what she was thinking. She was quiet, her face that of a statue. Her mouth was slightly opened and her eyes fix on John. She always cared about Sherlock (too much to be honest), so hearing how he is withering away always hurt her.
“I know Sherlock. I know you are not a solder. You are human. You are scared. Don’t worry, we will get through this.”
Hello again!
“I'm real Sherlock. Can you feel my body warmth? And that beating? That's my heart beat. I'm real Sherlock. I'm really here with you right now and I don’t hate you Sherlock. You didn’t kill Mary, she died trying to save you. She believed that you are worth saving and so do I. By saving you she gave you a gift. I beg you do not waste it like I almost did.” A tear slid down John’s face and he could feel his shirt getting wet from tears falling off Sherlocks face.
“Mary…” he let the name slip from under his breath like a pray. After that he didn’t even bother interpreting all the other clues on the letter, he just wanted to know what it said.
“Can I see him?” asked Mycroft almost immediately after the doctor stopped talking.
"Maybe ... but it should have been my choice ... Don't you think?"
Thought John to himself.
She pulled her hand out of the mans chest and clumsily slide her elbow over the phone to answer.
Mary wanted him to protect her family and that he will do or he will die trying. He had a debt to her that he could never repay but he could sure as hell try. If that meant that he couldn’t throw himself of a bridge and escape his pain then so be it. He was ready to suffer every day, go thru a thousand Siberias just to protect those who were precious to her --- and to him.
After a while the voices stopped and soon he could hear footsteps down the stairs. That had to be Mrs Hudson - she would always glide her right hand along the wall as she was walking down making a silent noise that made Sherlocks hair stand up. Soon after another noise -  this was John. Slow and heavy footsteps. He must be carrying Rosy in his arms for the noise is louder than usual.
When he really thought about it he realized that he did not even forgive himself for what happened. He just couldn't.
“What – I’m up, I’m up. God, how late is it?” John said as he realized that the sun was starting to come up throe the window.
“Murderer.” Was all that John said before he stood up and walked away. The word let Sherlock go numb for a second before he starched his hand out toward John.
“Get the hell away from him! All of you, away!” John was pulling the nurses away when the doctor stepped infront of him. It was the same one from last week, the young, smug doctor who thought he ate knowledge with a fucking spoon. Ugh, fuck it. John was about to punch the young doc in the face when Mycrofts voice cut throe Sherlocks screams. “Let him! Let Dr Watson do his job!” That was all John needed to hear. He looked at the doctor and send him a small victory smirk before he stepped to the screaming Detective. He could see how the Detective was twisting and turning his body, trying to somehow lessen the pain. His jaw was tightly pressed together (when he was not screaming) making his already sharp jaw line stand out even more. Small drops of sweat were forming on his forehead and upper lip and his skin was so pale he looked white as a sheet.
“Does anybody else know?”
Sherlock was panicking on the inside. He tried to cup Johns face in his arms bit the doctor did not let him. He wanted to speak up, to somehow make things right but all the air left his lungs as he felt a sharp pain is his stomach.
Finally, they arrived. John threw 40 bugs at the driver and was already running in to the hospital before he would get his change. At the end of the corridor he could see Mycroft talk to a doctor. John slowed down his pace and decided to wait till the doctor left to talk to Mycroft.  He observed them quietly and he could tell that the news was bad. There were not many times that the older Holmes brother would quietly listen to someone and not even try to interrupt them. Mycroft was looking at the doctor almost in disbelieve of what he was saying. His mouth was slightly open, his arms crossed over his chest, head slightly tilted to the ground. A typical defensive stance. This really wasn’t good.
Sherlock almost jumped when he heard those words. Did he make John feel like a bad man? Yes of course he did, he practically spelled it out to him just a few minutes ago. But this was not the point he wanted his speech earlier to make!
Sherlock did not answer in anyway. Another 10 minutes pass in silence and John was thinking if maybe he pushed Sherlock too far with this little experiment.
God damn it, John had to get himself back to reading the damn file. He owed it to Sherlock! On the other hand, he just needed to read the pages that had the information about the last few years of his life.
He always thought that Sherlock was the one who abandoned and betrayed John.
The grip? That was John? That wasn’t
I wrote this chapter in one night for I really felt connected to the topic. If you have any problems with dark thoughts or self-harm please reach out to someone. Let people know that something is going on. Even if you think that it's stupid to get worked up over something that you think is silly - still talk to someone about it.
“John is that Sherlock?”
“Because that’s - what - people - DO!”

“What happened to Sebastian?” Sherlock noticeably flinched at the mention of Morans name. He tried to play it down but John still noticed.
“He woke up for a few minutes, but as soon as he awoke he started to scream for morphine, so they sedated him again.” Mycroft shook his head but continued: “How much do you know of his drug use of the pass few months? Nothing, I’m I right?” John just nodded and he couldn’t help but feel a bit ashamed. He knew that Sherlock would start using again if he didn’t check up on him after Marys' death but he couldn’t find it in his heart to care for Sherlock. Hell even now he could feel a small stab in his heart when he thought about Sherlock for his mind turned to Mary right after that.
Hello!
You were the death of them all …” whispered the voice sweet in his ear.
Yet he was the one who put the rope in Sherlocks hand.
Another hand touched his cheek. This one felt a bit rougher, older. The voice … he know that voice too … “Mother? Father ? What - ” but before he could finish his question the pain shot thru him again like never before. This pain was new. He tried to lift his arm, squeeze it at the point where it hurt but for some reason he couldn’t. He looked down at his right arm and that’s when he realized what had happened. John … His John did this to him. He made him a cripple. This was Johns revenger.
“I don’t think so. I don’t really know”
"I thought it to be kinder."
“No, you are not real. I – I was talking to John this whole time. You’re not John. I-I have to run. The man could find me anytime..- I have to…” The detective tried to stand up but his legs would not hold him. John tried to move close enough to catch him but he was a bit to slow and Sherlock fell down hard on his knees. Wait a sec... What did he mean that John wasn’t real? Was he having hallucinations and if so for how long? What does he think is real right now? John needed to somehow show Sherlock what was real and what not or this could get dangerous.
Where was he? Why was it so dark and cold? He could not remember how he got there. He was barefoot – feet bloody and stiff from pain. Was he running? Yes, right he was running from something –someone? He tried to remember but his mind was so blurry he couldn’t remember a thing. He remembered running, feeling scared, hearing Johns voice telling him to hide before he passed out.
“Ow for god’s sake, John! You make it sound as if I wanted to leave you! I had to! I had to stop Moriaty and that was the only way to do so!”
He let his mind slip away, his feet carrying him in to the unknown. Will he be ever able to play the violin again? Maybe if he trained himself to play with his left and bought an artificial hand that could hold the bow? No that’s stupid that could never work. The violin is another thing that he had lost together with his arm. How many more things like this were there? How much more than his arm did he really lose?
“I left your room the way it was before you left. There is more than enough space for a bed for the little one.” Said Mrs Hudson again. John took a deep breath and thought about it all. It’s true that he could really use the money. And he did somehow feel like it was his fault what happened to Sherlock.
After John left many more people came to his room and made all poseable checks on him. They asked him many question but he did not answer them. He was in his own little world right now. Feeling betrayed by all and disgusted with himself. He could not bring himself to look at his amputated arm, it just felt so strange to him.
John abandoned those thoughts and decided to search for the police officer that went after the man that was in the room with Sherlock. It didn’t take long for John to find him, he was standing right next to Sherlocks room door again.
“Ow hell yes I do! You might not like it but I am your brother. I just want what’s best for you, and if that means I have to strap you down and cut off your arm myself to save you then bloody hell I will!”
“Hey, Sherlock? Is everything alright? If you need to talk, I am here for you.” said John in a low voice and Sherlock looked at him again. His eyes were jumping from one end of his face to the other, trying to figure out what he was thinking about.
But then againit was true wasn’t it? John was selfish at times, but he was not a bad man. No he was always someone who Sherlock secretly admired, even though John had the intellect of what seemed like a monkey. But then again everyone was an even bigger idiot than John in Sherlocks eyes.
“Sherlock?” A soft hand touched his cheek. He looked in the direction of the voice and saw… no it could not be… He saw John. But wasn’t John next to him this whole time? How could he be on this side now?
“John? How did you- ?”
After John left, Sherlock stood there in the middle of the room with his mouth open and his hand stretched out as if to grab a nonexistent John.
Protect our family Sherlock. Protect them and I swear to you that they will always be there for you. Just like you had been there for me.
John answered the phone with a tired voice. “Yes hallo?”
Gorge Down …
“Then all the cells would go thru his whole body there by poisoning and later on killing him. And we can’t put him on strong antibiotics because of his weak heard and kidneys,” realized John as he was listening to Mycrofts stuttering explanation. Johns mind was running full speed trying to come up with another plan but he could not think of anything.
Also I wanted you to know, that I’m happy that it is you who will take care of them. I trust you Sherlock and I know that you will do anything in your power to keep them safe. I know you love John just as I did.
Sherlock never really cared about his life. He never really wanted it – god knows he tried to get rid of it many times. But this time … this time he wanted to end it so that the people he liked … no the people he loved could be finally safe. Safe from him… and safe from his past. He still felt like someone was after him even though Mycroft ensured him that Moriartys network was disabled in all countries. But they never found Moriartys right hand … they never found
“Sherlock, please I just want to know the truth. Just tell me why you left me back then. Where did you go to? Why did it take that long for you to come back?”
“According to them that would almost most certainly kill him. As much as I undersood the clot is like a wall right now. It keeps all the dead cells of the arm out of the main body flow. If that “wall” is to be destroyed –“
And like that it went on and on and on. All together he tried to kill himself 34 times. Sometimes multiple times in the same year. John looked at the bottom of the list to see the last suicide attempt.
“I not a solder John!” Sherlock turned towards John again. He was looking him in the eyes trying to look strong but he knew he was failing at it. He felt so damn tired from it all. He just needed a break.
Hello! It's me again. Sorry to take so long to write but school is crazy. I will put the next chapter up soon for it is almost done. I really wanted to dedicate this chapter to Mycroft for I think that he is a very underrated and misunderstood character. Anyway I hope you like it! Leave a kudo and I would love to hear your thoughts about Mycroft and this chapter so pls leave a comment. Till next time, stay awesome :P
"Kinder? How is letting me belive you dead, kinder then telling me that would be off for some years and that you would be coming back?! How is it kinder then letting me know that you are ALIFE?! "
“I am not a child John I don’t need a nanny.”
He arranged her so that she was now sitting on his lap yet could still reach his face. For the next couple of minutes he said nothing, he just let her little fingers explore his face. She grabbed him by his ears, tried to pull out his eyebrows, inspected his lips and went back to grabbing his nose. He could feel the little fingers slide over his cheeks, being fascinated by the little stubbles of Sherlocks growing beard. She could not really decide if she liked them or not, judging by her lingering.
Sherlock send him an annoyed look and set his mug down on the little table next to his chair. “Wait for it. I only have one hand. Can’t bring two at the same time, or have you forgotten?” shot Sherlock as he made his way back to the kitchen.
The annoying thing was that they still had to change the bandages on his wound every day. At first they had to change them every hour – that was just fucking hell. The wound would stick to the bandage and every time they were changing them they had to rip if off of the wound. The pain was insane. Sherlock always threw up from the pain even though he would get some pain killers. John always patted his back while he threw up. Sherlock didn’t want to admit it but it did somehow calm him. After every change he was so tied and hearing Rosy scream downstairs did not help him. The phantom pain was also a pain in the ass. Just when he would feel a bit better it would kick in again. It felt like thousand knifes were piercing his (non-existing) arm. When that happened Sherlock would go deep in to his mind palace, trying to escape it. Of course we can’t forget the pain and sickness from the drug withdraw. Damn it this time he really didn’t have it easy.
John wrapped his hands around Sherlocks head and pulled him close to his chest. John swallowed hard, trying to suppress the need to start crying.
He decided to go to the hospital and check how Sherlock was doing. He wanted to apologize anyway for beating him to nothing but a bloody pulp. The ride to the hospital felt very short. John was going throe his apology for the second time when they already arrived. He gave the driver the cash and made his way in to the building. He wanted to turn around and just go home but something told him to go to Sherlock. To see him and to make sure that he is ok. When he finally found the right floor he noticed a police man sitting in front of a room.
If you like leave a comment and let me know what you think ;)
For him the conversation was over and so he turned away from John and headed to the kitchen to get himself some tea. That was the only thing he 'ate' lately too. John tried to hoax him into eating at least some toast with it but his pleas always fell on deaf ears. Sherlock always had problems with food, John knew that. When he was working on a case John had to practically force Sherlock to stop and eat something so that the detective would not fall over. He would even leave small bits of food like apple slices or biscuits near Sherlocks chair so the detective could eat them on the go. Sherlock didn’t even really notice eating the small treats, but it was still one of his main ways of food consumption. Now even that didn’t work. Sherlock would just look at the food in disgust as if his stomach would be turning just at the sight of food. He was wasting away fast. He was always very thin but now he look almost anorexic. His bones were poking out everywhere, his eyes were caved in and his cheeks were hollow. Even the physical therapist has expressed his concern to John, but he was at the end of his rope.
“No I couldn’t Mrs Hudson, that would be too much. Also this is no environment to raise a child. With Sherlock one can never know what’s next.”
“Of course you do! Normally you wouldn’t give a damn if I was gone for a few hours. Hell you would be happy to be left alone. And if you would be worried you would send me to hell when I came back.”
“You remember that time we wanted to know what happens if you use a blow-torch on somebody’s feet? If the flesh would melt or catch fire?”
After some time, John pulled his phone out of his pocked and dilled a number. “Hello Jenny? Yes, I won’t be able to come in today …”
“Ok I will do it. But we have to ask Sherlock if he is feeling comfortable with it.” Just as John finished his sentence the door of Sherlock’s room swung open. John peaked his head together with Mycroft and Mrs Hutson in to the corridor to see what was happening. All they could see was a shadow that ran in to the bathroom and then the noise of someone getting violently sick.
“Sherlock was right …” “Sherlock was fucking right!” said Greg and John at the same time and a cold wave of joy flushed over John. Greg rubbed his eyes and looked tired at John.
“Do you wanna tell me you didn’t miss me?” He said and slid his hand down Sherlock’s face. Sherlock could do nothing but stare at the dark eyes with fear paralyzing him.
You let them down Sherlock…
“No, no you’re not real. You’re not! You wouldn’t be that nice to me. I killed her! I killed your wife and you took my arm for it! You’re not him! You hate me.” That was the moment something in John broke. He did this. John convinced Sherlock that Maryies death was his fault. I mean of course he blamed Sherlock for it from the very beginning but now that the detective said it out loud it just didn’t feel right to him. It wasn’t Sherlocks fault he know this from the very beginning, but he needed a scape goat to deal whit his own guilt first. Sherlock never showed any emotions, hell John even thought the was unable to even feel emotions, but this right now showed John what he had done in his selfish self-pitying grieving parade. He broke a great man and made him almost kill himself. And for what? So that he could look himself in the eyes in the mirror in the morning?
He could hear his phone going off in the distance – the sound of the woman writing him. “
“You can’t get rid of me Sherlock. I am part of you.” He could hear Moriartys voice so clearly. Even the lough was spot on, but Sherlock knew that that’s just in his head. It’s all in his head ….
“He was right. Sherlock was right.” He started to walk back to Sherlocks room where he looked throe the (now broken) door. Sherlock was still lying motionless on the bed. John stepped in to the room and sat down next to Sherlocks bed.
Mary Watson."
“Yes, yes she does.” Said John in return and looked down at his daughter. A smile made its way on Johns face and Sherlock averted his gaze away from them. He felt as if he had no right to see this moment of happiness.
John picked the file back up and skipped the first 60 pages. When John looked over it he realized that he found the page that was written right after he came bake to London (after his “resurrection”).
“What do you want Mycroft? J.W.”
“Yeah, Greg. Of course I will.”
“Yeah. Course it is. How have you been?” Sarah snorts.
Glee?
“Yes.” He lied. He doesn’t want to put any of John’s hackles up but he is not okay. He feels violated and vulnerable sitting in a hospital bed where Moriarty could have easy access to him whenever he felt the desire. Mycroft has security installed all around the hospital of course and even Lestrade has arranged for a certain level of security and serveillance as well but in the end it’s all useless. With the kind of resources a man like Moriarty has he would have no problem getting a contact in the hospital to sneak him in. Hell, he could even just bribe one of the workers, that’s probably how he got the flowers in through security in the first place. Sherlock feels a shiver go through his body. It’s an unpleasant thing, to realize how vulnerable you are. John, ever attentive and thoughtful John, catches sight of Sherlock momentary weakness and plonks himself down beside Sherlock’s battered body, twisted his torso slightly so he can more comfortably grasp Sherlock’s torn up hand. His touch feels gentle and the feeling of John’s calloused hand covering his is monumentally comforting. The feel of John’s small strong hand covering his is starting to become beautifully familiar.
“Yeah, you should be! I’ve been trying to reach you for a week, John. No one has heard from you in a week. A buggering week.”
He’s halfway through his first pint and lazily watching the footie game that’s being played on the TV over the bar when a hand lands firmly on his shoulder and he lifts his head to see Greg standing there, a friendly grin lighting up his face.
“Oh.” She said quietly, dipping her head down low. “Thank you.” She lifted her head back up and looked in his eyes with a new found determination that reminded him of when she first introduced herself on the train. “You look handsome. I think you’re the only man I’ve ever seen successfully pull of that colour jumper.” Her smile is mischievous now, clearly teasing and John finds himself grinning in turn. His jumper is indeed a unique colour, sort of an odd mesh between purple and dark green. Sherlock had hated the thing, damn near burnt it on a Bunsen burner once while John had been at the clinic, luckily John had come home just in time to snatch it off the flame.
, John’s own inner voice added. John sighed. He was sick of his inner dialogue. He desperately wished he knew of a way to turn it off.
He’s less giving with personal information, mostly because he doesn’t really have anything good to share. He tells her about his stint in the army. He tells her he has a sister though they don’t see each other often. He works at a clinic in downtown London, though he’s currently on leave. His favourite sport is football. He prefers whisky, though he likes scotch from time to time. He isn’t big on sweets and would prefer a good meal to a good dessert. Unless it’s apple pie.
Her voice sounds so shy and hopeful.
“Is he alright?” All three men turned to see Anderson and Donovan. Donovan was holding herself well considering, and though Anderson was still shaking like a cold Chihuahua he looked somewhat put together as well.
John almost laughed at himself.
. John supposes he should have listened to that.
“It’s always hard to separate yourself from the pain of losing a loved one. I’m not saying to forget him completely, you’ll always remember him but you can’t let that stop you from living your life. Find new people, make new memories. You need to find it in yourself to move on John. He would want that for you.” John felt rage shoot through him.
“Of course it matters John. You’ve just lost someone close to you in an extremely traumatic way. Of course you’re going to have feelings about it. But you need to know it’s not your fault. You didn’t have any control over the situation or Sherlock’s actions.”
“Yeah. Sure. Seven sounds good.”
“Stop being so naïve, John,” Sherlock spat. “You can’t actually make anyone do anything. Especially me! Do you really think he could’ve made me do anything I really didn’t want to do?” Both of their tempers were rising now. Sherlock could see all John’s telltale signs of anger. Clenched jaw, his left fist clenching and unclenching, deep measured breaths, a puffed out chest. Sherlock welcomed every bit of it.
He could hear the mans shoes clacking closer to him when all of a sudden he felt a harsh yank to his hair and the burlap sack that was covering his head was jerked off pulling more than a few hairs with it and bringing stinging tears to his eyes. The lighting in the room was low and his eyes adjusted quickly to see four chairs and their inhabitants circled around him. Well, he supposes, on the bright side he won’t have to wait twelve hours for people to notice he’s gone missing. John, Lestrade, Sally and Anderson were all tied to metal chairs and none of them looked particularly happy to be there. John was furiously tugging at his restraints and rubbing his wrists against the abrasive rope until they were raw, staring at Moriarty and him with an intense rage that Sherlock had never seen on the good doctors face before. Lestrade was pale and looked as if he was going to be sick, looking at Sherlock with that paternal doting and concern Sherlock had long since come to associate with the DI. Sally also looked pale but more in control than the rest of them, resigned even. Then there was Anderson, who was really just a complete mess, shaking and sniveling into his gag. Sherlock was ripped out of his thought process by the now far-too familiar sets of arms and hauled into his own chair, although unlike the rest of Moriarty’s hostages he wasn’t tied down. Instead he felt Moriarty come up behind him and wrap a smooth hand around his throat. The detectives hand twitched and he was prepared to whirl around in his seat and send a hard punch right into the consulting criminals face but was stopped dead in his tracks by a soft tutting right against his ear.
He desperately wished he had known then what he knew now. Maybe if he had known how far the game with Moriarty would go he could’ve convinced Sherlock to be more careful.
The alcohol only seems to be fuelling his energy, filling him with that pleasant buzz of contentment that he always finds after a few sips of something strong and he finds he would very much like to share it with somebody. Months ago, John wouldn’t have been able to think of anyone to ring, too bitter at old friends for events out of their control and too sucked into his own apathy and self-pity to go find new ones. Now a name easily comes to mind.
He looked back and saw Sherlock standing there, except he was wearing glasses and had a lip ring. John was on his feet before he knew it.
Carefully, John gave Sherlocks hand a light squeeze and a small reassuring smile, “Everything’s fine. We’re on our way to hospital now so just rest a bit. It’s all fine,” he wasn’t sure if the repeated reassurances were for him or John himself but he didn’t think about it to hard as he let his eyes fall shut finally let the black dots take over completely.
At the time Sherlock had looked desperate. John wonders if he would have let John play with him. Sherlock had been so restless, pacing up and down the pool, waving that gun around like a toy. John could have put that energy to much better use.
“As a fellow scientist, I agree that repeating an experiment is a must for accurate results.” John nods along very seriously until quite suddenly they both break into soft giggles and bring their lips together for the second, but certainly not last time.
Sherlock was used to being kidnapped. Hardly a week went by that John or himself weren’t blindfolded and taken somewhere against their will, whether it was by criminals who were out to kill or injure them or Mycroft to be his nosy self and offer up some horrendously boring case. In other words neither man was new to being kidnapped. So, when two men jumped Sherlock in an alley and proceeded to try and wrangle him into the back of a van it felt almost tedious to the detective. Although he didn’t let that stop him from putting up one hell of a fight. He kicked and thrashed and punched, at one point he actually bit one of them. They still ended up getting him stuffed ungracefully into the van but he felt a smug pride fill him that he had at least gotten some good hits in.
“Yes, you are. You’re scared John. You have been for a long time. You were scared of telling Sherlock how you felt than and you’re still scared to say it now. Conquer that fear John. Let it out.”
“No, see, you just admitted you would give up your ability to
Emotions are bubbling all through John. He can feel them under his skin and clogging his brain. He knows he should be feeling something. Anger, hurt, betrayal. Some formula of all three? But right now he was just knackered. Completely and utterly exhausted with
She told him the name of the restaurant they would be meeting at, thankfully one John had never been to before so there was no chance of residual Sherlock memories, and they talked for about fifteen more minutes before hanging up. All in all it was a rather successful phone call save for the bit of messiness at the beginning and John even felt a small trace of what might have been excitement fill him.
“Please Lestrade. I’ve dealt with more than a few broken nails and some cuts. You should know better than anyone that it would take more than that to so much as inconvenience me. And technically he didn’t do anything to me. If you recall everything you see in front of you was thoroughly self inflicted.”
“No, it’s, um, surprisingly comforting. Thank you.” He can feel himself getting flustered now and wills the blush in his face to go down. John chuckles softly.
(See the end of the chapter for
that John imagines he would feel if he did it. It would only be a second of unpleasantness and then
“I already told you I was fine.” John shook his head and the sad little smile on his face made Sherlocks heart hurt, which was unfair really. Wasn’t enough of him hurting already? Why did John have to go and make the one part of him that was unscathed hurt?
Sure, he had Mrs. Hudson and Greg would still come round or invite him for a night at the pub but even that was becoming increasingly rare. He hadn’t talked to Molly since it had happened either. From what Greg told him the last time he’d come round to ‘check in’ (make sure John hadn’t offed himself) the young pathologist hadn’t spoken to much of anyone lately. She seemed to have completely withdrawn from everyone and began acting even more skittish and shy than usual. Not that John didn’t know why; he did. It was for the same reasons he had for staying locked up in his flat for months. They had both lost the man they loved three months ago. They may not have loved him in the same way but he did love Sherlock. Sherlock was the best friend he’d ever had. Some days he felt like he couldn’t even
The choice he had to make was obvious and so without a word or even a glance in his restrained friends direction he lifted himself out of the chair. As soon as he stood up he nearly tipped back over, but thankfully managed to get his footing back before he crashed onto the hard pavement flooring. He took a deep breath both to steady and prepare himself before very slowly lowering himself onto all fours. He tried to be as careful as he could of his injuries but his whole body still cried out in agony as he stretched it into the far from natural positioning. His hands and burns hurt the worst of all, his shoulders being stretched and twisted so the charred skin got even further deformed and his fingers pressing hard into the cold floor to keep his balance and help guide him over to where his tormentor awaited him. Slowly and steadily he crawled over to wear Moriarty stood, haughty and proud in his bespoke suit, such a sharp contrast to Sherlock who was bloodied, beaten and only half dressed. He tried to ignore the flaming humiliation he felt. Each small baby step forward felt like it took several hours and Sherlock felt as unsteady and unsure of his movements as a small toddler just learning to crawl. After what felt like a small eternity a pair of black loafers entered his field of view. He stopped crawling and stayed kneeled in front of Moriarty waiting for instruction. If Sherlocks blood wasn’t so busy rushing out of his body he’s positive he’d have a heavy blush coating his face just about now. The pure humiliation of having to be in such a compromising position was almost worse than the physical torture he had just been through.
“It’s fine really. I just got distracted by something. I’m glad we’re here.” He turned his hand upwards so it could gently wrap around hers and he smiled, much more convincingly this time. She seemed somewhat mollified by this answer and redirected her attention to the menu, telling him what all the best things were.
“I don’t think I’ve ever come across another grown man who took his sock index so seriously. He’d know instantly if you messed it up too, like a weird sixth sense. Whenever we’d have row I’d go in there and muss it up just to get to him.”
John was incredibly thankful for that fact now as the tube slowed to a stop pushing his lax body slightly forward in his seat. His mind was clear, the shameful guilty feeling from this morning was beginning to fade to a more manageable level and he was now eagerly anticipating knocking a few pints back in a pub with company instead of drinking cheap liquor alone in his flat. It would be a nice change of pace. He waited until the first herd of commuters had filed out of the doors before making his own departure, enjoying the slight chill in the air as he walked out onto the street and found his way to the usual pub.
It feels good to hear. Of course he’s not dead. He’s right here, pressed up against him right where he should be. He’s right here and it was just a bad dream.
John pauses.
He is filled to the brim with self-disgust so rapidly, he momentarily feels nauseous. He is a complete bastard. Who the fuck calls out the name of their dead best friend mid-blowjob? Him, apparently. Now he understands why Mindy is trying to bolt. Who wouldn’t? She must think he’s gone completely mad.
“Sorry Mr. McDerphy, would you give me a moment? I need to discuss something with Dr. Watson.” She motions towards John but doesn’t take her eyes off the patient. He nods his agreement and just like that John is getting ushered out the door and into the small office a few steps down the hall.
With a sigh John shut his laptop, picked up what was left of his whiskey and climbed the stairs to his bedroom. Everything he did to distract himself just ended up having the opposite effect. There was nothing that he owned or any hobbies of his that didn’t remind him of his best friend. His blog was the worst; he didn’t even know why he thought it would be a good idea to go on it. He supposed it was just a force of habit; after all it was what he always used to do whenever he was bored or needed something to pass the time. But in the end the blog was written completely about Sherlock, so without the detective in the picture any longer it seemed almost pointless. True, he still had a fair few cases that he never got around to writing up and he might do that when it didn’t hurt to reminisce so much (if it
“I - I understand where you’re coming from, John. And I’ll admit that I may have not had any control in all of us being brought there or… much of what happened during, but it still isn’t logical that you or Lestrade should have had to go through any of the punishments made up for me.” John shrugs.
and for the few moments it took for him to climb the seventeen stairs up to their flat he was sure he would be greeted with Sherlock’s bloody body when he opened the door.
does he. It feels like a floodgate has just been released in his brain and all he’s been thinking about Sherlock suddenly comes out. Once he starts he can’t seem to
“He certainly sounds entertaining. Doesn’t seem like there was ever a dull moment.”
“That was an… unpleasant choice,” he’s not screaming anymore, his voice has taken on a quieter more vulnerable tone. He hates it, and hates himself for allowing it to happen. “But it was still a choice, John.” They are silent now, John still looking irritated and confused and Sherlock feeling just plain sad. This is it. This is the moment he has been fearfully anticipating. This is the moment where John tells him enough is enough. That he can’t take this anymore. That Sherlock is disgusting, a freak just like everyone said and that he can’t take this anymore. This is the moment where John finally tells him he’s moving out. He might as well start them off.
He’d been completely celibate since Sherlock left and even before that he had been dating much less. John couldn’t even remember the last time somebody had touched him, and without realizing it he had become absolutely touch-starved. The feel of another persons hands kneading and scratching and caressing him was making his blood sing in his veins, and it all seemed to be flowing down to the same area.
He blocked out the voice and focused instead on making his face and voice entirely non-chalant. If John did leave him than Sherlock will except it with dignity. No making a fuss. That didn’t mean he shouldn’t inquire about him however.
“When did John leave? Did he tell you where he was going?” John wouldn’t have been able to find a new flat on such short notice and had probably gone to Harriet’s to stay, though Sherlock knew that John and his sister didn’t get on too well. He wouldn’t be able to afford a hotel with his salary though so really what other options were there?
“But you did?”
“Ohhh… This definitely isn’t your first time is it? Did your little pet teach you how to do this?” Oh God. Why did he have to bring up John? An image of John actually leading through a blowjob nearly made him whimper, though thankfully he muffled it in time. “Ah! Oh… forget the detective thing, this should be your fulltime job instead…” All of a sudden Moriarty’s fingers tightened up and yanked Sherlocks head forward, Sherlock gave one last hard suck and ignored the tears forming in his eyes from the tugging on his hair and the prick being crammed down his throat. A hot flood of come ran down his throat and Moriarty’s cock pulsed madly on his tongue. The salty taste filled his mouth and the musky smell of sex engulfed his nose until all he could smell or taste was Moriarty. He was desperate to pull away from the taste and the feel of the slick come sliding down his throat but he seemed to come forever. Finally, the hold on his hair loosened and the hand pulled away allowing him to yank himself back and retch onto the concrete beside him.
She gives another unsure laugh, though it sounds even more nervous than the first one.
Or maybe he had.
Lestrade looked like he had gotten over the shock by now and was now sharing a significant portion of John’s anger. He was no longer looking at Sherlock, just staring up at Moriarty with a seething rage.
John is confused. He doesn’t know what he could have done to scare her off so fast. The first thought that comes to mind is that she got put off by his scar but when he looks down at himself he remembers they had both managed to stay (nearly) fully clothed up ‘till now. What could he have done? Or said?
“I think Gregson suspected, but she dropped it pretty quick. I think she figured out the gist of it and decided to leave it alone. It definitely saved that family a hell of a lot of trouble. That was the moment I finally saw it. What Gregson had seen in him from the beginning. That little spark of goodness in him. Lord knows he didn’t show it often but every now and then if you just knew where to look you’d see it. After that I started seeing things like that more often, little signs he was a better man than he made himself out to be. After that I started trusting him more and when Gregson left and I got promoted I continued letting him in on cases. Christ knows it was helping our department out a hell of a lot.”
“It might be a good idea. It can’t be easy on you to live there.”
“He did more than that to you Sherlock and you know it. And yes
John stopped talking. Sherlock had always told him that and it was so true wasn’t it? If he had just opened his eyes and not just looked but actually
These were all the thoughts he had been desperately trying to avoid since he had awoken and he felt a burning resentment towards the doctor for making him think about it all. For making him realize how repulsive he really was. He felt sick.
“Hi.” Mindy said, her soft feminine voice entangling with a small giggle as she looked at John happily.
“Well, hello there! Nice to see you Sherlock! I was hoping you’d decide to pop in and say hi to your good old friend Jim.” his body tensed and suddenly all the smugness left his body at the sound of that familiar mocking tone.
He wishes he could tell her that it doesn't matter. That no matter what she’s done John won’t mind. But John knows better. He’s not as naïve as he used to be and he’s been bitten and burned by far too many people to have such blind faith in them anymore. Sherlock had been his last exception to that rule.
John did none of these things and only nodded in understanding. He didn’t seem at all distressed about the hospital issued drug use either.
“What you always wanted to tell him. What you’ve been holding back.” John thought back to what he had just said trying to move past the blind anger he felt at the moment. He didn’t remember saying anything particularly enlightening. Just stated the obvious really. His best friend, the man he loved had died and—Oh. Loved. The man he loved.
“Thinks it makes him look cool. He got it as a present from an “influential government official” he quoted with sloppy air quotes, in his twenties. Or at least that’s what he says, but I never could understand why a high-ranking government worker would gift someone with an umbrella. He hasn’t let go of the thing since. He used to take it in the shower with him.” All three men shared a serious glance before bursting out into laughter. The thought of Mycroft Holmes bringing an umbrella into the shower was just enough to crack the remainder of their nerves and they couldn’t seem to stop giggling. It felt good. To finally laugh a bit with no awkwardness or tension or hidden guilt, though of course, nothing lasts forever and happiness is ever fleeting. No sooner did they catch their breath that the doctor walked in with the nurse from before and suddenly the somber mood of reality came back to them. The nurse walked over and handed Sherlock the cup of water with a smile before exiting the room again. The three men focused all their attention now on the doctor.
But of course, instead of doing what any good friend would do he yelled at him, insulted him and than ran off.
John chuckles as he listens to Greg go on with his anecdote. He orders another pint which leads to another and another and
“Well, please, do share,” he pushed out between puffs of breath, sarcasm as thick as he could manage. Moriarty had the full attention of everyone in the room now as they all waited anxiously for the new addition to the game.
His left hand twitched where it was nestled in Mindy’s near black hair, giving a sharp tug and making them both gasp. He used the new found leverage to drag Mindy’s face to his, smashing their lips together. If John wasn’t so smashed he thinks he’d be dead embarrassed over his roughness. He had never been particularly rough in bed, unless specifically asked to, but then again John hadn’t felt like himself lately.
“Please, let me through… he’s my friend…”
Greg had made a surprise visit one day and brought over a box of Sherlock’s things he hadn’t even known existed. It was full of junk mostly. Nothing of value or anything that even came close to explaining who or what Sherlock was. John had almost resented that box, full of meaningless possessions that did nothing except remind him of what he had lost.
“Of course. Obvious really. Want some water?” Sherlock nodded as eagerly as his sore body would allow. He was rather anxious to get the taste of manly musk and blood out of his mouth and moved to lift himself up a bit but hissed through his teeth as the skin on his back stretched even further.
He laughs to himself but it sounds bitter.
heart out. Greg was nothing but a pawn to Moriarty. If it weren’t for the fact that him and Sherlock were friends Greg wouldn’t have even been sitting in that chair. In the end, it was Moriarty’s obsession with him and him alone that led to everyone else being put in danger.
He unwittingly found himself thinking back to how he had pictured John when he was on his knees in front of Moriarty. He had always fantasized about that sort of relationship between the two of them, though he rarely admitted it to himself much less to anyone else. It had never been easy for him to form connections with other people yet when he met John he knew it was different. As flatmates they had a rather domestic relationship. More so then common male friends over the age of thirty, Sherlock realized. They had a sort of calm fluidity around each other and it was all too easy to picture their days of tea and toast, domestics and banter and comfortable silence mixed with kisses and tender touches. Longing looks and whispered promises. Sherlock knew this wouldn’t become a reality. He didn’t have high hopes before he had fileted and roasted himself in front of John and three members of Scotland Yard but now he knew his fantasies would stay just that. Fantasies. Perhaps John would forgive him and they could build their normalcy back up to resemble what they had before all this. They could go back to being flatmates and partners. Sherlock would be fine with that. More than fine. He would be happy to go back to that, just knowing he had John in his life would be enough.
“No, I’m fine. Could use some more water though,” his dry throat had instantly reappeared at the mention of Moriarty; in fact his whole mouth had suddenly gone dry.
“Of course. Experiment away.” John smiles that soft, fond smile that always makes Sherlock’s heart race and gently, so so gently as if Sherlock is made of porcelain, he lays his hand on Sherlocks cheek and guides him down slowly so their faces are on now at the same height. With one more soft, shaky breath, John leans in that extra half an inch and their lips are touching. It’s a soft kiss. Barely there, really. John’s lips are touching his own just enough that he can feel the chapped lips on his own and John’s breath on his face. For such a short, sweet kiss, Sherlock feels dizzy from it and when John pulls back and their lips disconnect Sherlock feels an instant loss. They both stare each other in the eyes, Sherlock still bent down slightly and John’s hand still curling around his cheek. Surprisingly it’s Sherlock who breaks the silent spell first.
“That really worked? Gregson never found out it was bull?” John finds it hard to believe. He had only met Gregson once or twice in passing but she had seemed sharp enough.
“Thank you, Mrs. Hudson. He made me a better man too.” They’re both silent a moment, thinking their own private thoughts.
He can’t remember anything apart from dark black hair stretched tight over his knuckles. It had shocked him because it had been so close to the fantasies he had used to indulge in, only it was Sherlock kneeled before him with his mouth full.
(See the end of the chapter for
do you just move past that?
“Yeah, you have a point. Parties were definitely not his scene.” Greg pauses a moment and then erupts in completely inappropriate giggles until his face is red. “Did I ever tell you about the time Gregson dragged him to NSY’s Holiday party?” John shakes his head, already smiling maniacally from the contagiousness of Greg’s laughter. “Oh Christ, I have too! So Gregson dragged him in round the middle of the party, I have no idea how she ran into him but she somehow coaxes him to come in a while, which was challenge enough. God, back then he was like a skittish cat, but anyway she not only drags him in but he’s got these huge fluffy antlers on his head and a big red –“
He spends the remainder of the morning and early afternoon that way, curled up in his chair, unmoving and dead to the world save for a handful of bathroom and water trips. By 11:30 he’s begun to feel more himself and that is just the opening his mind had been waiting for.
“They said such awful things about him in the papers and on TV. That must have been so hard on you. I can’t imagine… not only to lose a friend but to have so many people speaking poorly of him.”
beats.
He ordered himself to stop that train of thought.
“Yeah. Yeah, okay. Four works.”
“Yeah, best be careful of that,” Lestrade warned, handing the cup of water over to Sherlock while simultaneously stuffing more pillows behind the younger man to prop him up without the added pain. “The morphine should help with the pain but you still need to be careful not to put too much strain on your injuries. Particularly your back and arms. The, uh, burns did quite a number on ‘em.” Sherlock was too preoccupied with the cool feeling of water in his mouth and throat to reply right away. He would have liked to properly wash his mouth out or at least gargle with it, but that would have to wait for later. Nonetheless, the soothing water was like a balm on his dry throat. After the cup was empty he found talking much easier.
“Hello?”
Nothing?
. He raced for the phone and berated himself for falling asleep. He must be so late. Or had he completely blown Mindy off?
“Please,” Johns voice was quiet now, he already knew that Sherlock had made up his mind and yet he was still trying to change it, ever the good soldier. “Please, Sherlock, if you care about me at all you won’t do this. I-I can’t let you do this for me. I won’t be able to live with myself if you do.” Sherlock knew there was a certain selfishness to his choice, that John would no doubt be plagued by guilt and yet he knew that if he let John loose his eyes instead that very same guilt would be targeting him and he knew he couldn’t handle that. So yes, he was going to be selfish he just prayed that by the end of this John would be able to forgive him.
“You are…” He paused trying to find the right words and the strength to give them voice. “You are important John.”
“Really?” John asks, though he’s already placing his hand gently back atop Sherlocks. ‘It’s not hurting you at all?” Sherlock shakes his head.
He presses the call button.
“I’ve never met anyone else like him. I really don’t think I ever will.”
“Mindy… Listen, I didn’t mean to- I didn’t realize-“ His hasty drunken rambling is put to a halt by Mindy’s shaking head. She looks at him with the saddest most forgiving smile and John wants to cry. Wants to cry for hurting this girl who’s been nothing but kind to him. He is such a twat.
“Sherlock?” The name felt like a lead weight on his tongue.
“Oh John…” She sighs and unexpectedly engulfs him in a warm hug. John startles at first, not exactly being the most affectionate man in the first place, not to mention it was a surprise attack, but her sweater feels soft and her hug is warm and instead of resisting John allows himself to give in to the motherly embrace.
“I know that you will be wanting to vacate Baker Street. I just want you too know I understand why and there are no… hard feelings?” It comes out as a question though it wasn’t necessarily meant to be one. He’s utter rubbish at conversations like this, ones that involve actual emotion and
“That’s good John. Who is it? The DI from Scotland Yard?”
“Sherlock…” John spoke slowly, as if talking to a small child who wasn’t understanding a difficult concept. “He is the reason you’re sitting in a hospital bed. He’s the reason you have third degree burns all over the top of your torso. He-“ John meant to go on but Sherlock didn’t let him. He could feel himself getting angry. All this was his fault! Why wasn’t John getting that? Why didn’t Greg? Why did no one seem to understand that this is what Sherlock deserved? He had lost Moriarty’s game and this was his punishment. The longer thay kept acting this forgiving the angrier they would be when they inevitably came to their senses and realized how wrong Sherlock had been. How foolish and careless he had been and how they had nearly gotten hurt because of it.
The conversation delves into a comfortable silence that neither of them mind. They just walk down the lit up park path, arms brushing and fingers occasionally caressing, both lost in their own separate trains of thought. Mindy is the one to eventually break it, halting their unhurried lazy stride and turning to John. The moon is just coming out and the pale light is shining in her eyes as she stares at him.
“You’re bloody sick in the head.” Johns voice was full of so much venom and rage it nearly made Sherlock flinch even though it wasn’t directed towards him.
John was useless. A complete waste of a human being. He couldn’t save Sherlock, he couldn’t be there for Mindy. What good was he?
The subway carriage rocked and trembled as it raced along its track and in the back of his mind John appreciated the trembling machinery as it worked well to hide the constant tremor in his left hand. That said, he still clenched it tightly, attempting to squeeze out the shakiness though knowing it would never work. The soldier let an irritated sigh go and he ran his right non-shaky hand through his hair trying to calm down a bit.
Good riddance.
“John, I-I have too,” he cursed himself for allowing his voice to waver; for showing weakness, “Besides even blind I’ll still solve crimes better than all of Scotland Yard,” he tried to lighten the situation with a bit of humour but it didn’t seem to have the desired effect of making John laugh, instead the ex-soldier just grimaced.
“Mm. I don’t think it’ll work out though.” He felt a sick pride when Ella’s smile faded slightly.
he was. So, how did you know? How did you make the decision that he wasn’t just great but good?”
“Yeah,” he nodded, “yeah, that sounds good.” A bit of the tension in her body seemed to deflate at that, glad of the positive reaction and her smile got bigger and more genuine.
“Can’t I just do the recovery and eating at home? I live with a doctor for crying out loud!” His eyes widened once he realized what he’d said.
“Promise?” Sherlock blamed this ludicrously vulnerable question on the morphine and torture-induced exhaustion.
Although he was fully enjoying this new sort of intimacy with John he was still growing increasingly restless in hospital. The bright lights and constant sound of movement and machinery and doctors and nurses barging in constantly were getting to him. He had taken to verbally attacking the nurses whenever they came to tend to them and aggressively deducing anything he could about the doctors lives, which would in turn make John snap at him for being rude and they would both retreat into a strop.
With a last breath of encouragement he peeled himself of the cozy chair and padded slowly towards the bathroom. He splashed his face with some icy cold water, hoping to make his body feel slightly more invigorated and less like a walking corpse. He hadn’t had  a proper sleep in weeks and it showed all throughout his body. His clothes were loose from having lost a significant amount of weight and he hadn’t shaved in a long time. He looked haggard. He sighed. God, what did a pretty young thing like Mindy even see in a dried up old thing like him? He looked at himself in the mirror and decided he should really change before he left. He was hardly dressed in date attire and with his utter lack of self-care lately he could use all the help he could get. He left the bathroom and headed to his own bedroom but found himself pausing outside of Sherlock’s room. He stopped and just stared for a moment at Sherlock’s closed door.
“We also ran tests for any STD’s or STI’s,” Doctor Richards said with a quick glance of sympathy at his patient. Sherlock felt the colour drain out of his face. He had almost forgotten about that part of the ordeal, but now that it was brought up it seemed to be all that he could think about.
“Nothing. Forget I said anything. It hardly matters now does it?” It didn’t. Sherlock was gone and John would never get another chance to do something about it.
“No! He didn’t do that to me John. I did that to me. I burned myself. I cut myself. That was all me. Every bit of it.”
John sighed and looked down at the floor before lifting his eyes and staring directly into Sherlocks gaze. He looked nervous and his hands were perfectly steady. A dead give-away for when John was feeling anxious.
“Yes…ugh… I understand. What do we do then if we can’t just get rid of the clot? Antibiotics?” Sherlocks voice was shaking, you could tell he was trying his best not to scream out in pain again. John knew how much such a condition hurt. He'd seen it once before. It was on a middle aged man, but he had the clot in his leg. He was screaming like crazy just like Sherlock now. The man was an army veteran who lived thru a lot of pain in his life but that was a new class of pain even for him. It was recommended that his leg would be amputated but he refused. Later he agreed to a partial amputation. But that just left him with a half function leg and pain for a life time.
“Who is Gorge?”
“Take drugs? No I don’t think so. Last week he went for a ‘walk’ and came back with a bloody nose, but I think he genially won’t do drugs as long as Rosie is in the house.” Molly just nodded and looked away as if this was not what she really wanted to ask. Did she know about Sherlock suicidal tendencis?
“Do you know that he is suicidal? That he has been for years?”
“M-Mary? How -? No, no I would never do that … I just wanted to  -“
He was sitting on the edge of his bed in total darkness still pressing his scarf against his broken nose. He could feel drops of sweat dripping off his skin as the pain he felt increased. He wanted to take some painkillers but they were in the kitchen and he really didn’t want to go back out there. Not after what he said to John.
“Where are you? I’m in the stairwell. -MH”
“Yes”
“But I thought that –“
John tried to shake himself of those memories and entered the building. He started searching every floor, really making sure that he didn’t miss not even one room. While walking up the stairs he noticed bloody foot prints on the concrete. He squatted down next to it and ran a finger over it. It was still wet –so he couldn’t have gone far. He followed the bloody prints up the stairs in the hope of finding Sherlock alive and well. At the top of the stairs the foot prints lead into a room. John opened the door and looked around the apparently abandoned office. That’s when he noticed the bloody foot looking out of behind the table. He was just about to go to it when his phone buzzed.
He tried to clear his head with some cases but there just weren’t any good murders. Man stabbed in the back in a locked room. He was lying in a little pool of water that no one can explain where it came from. No murder weapon found – boring … it was suicide; he threw himself on icicle. He probably wanted to make it look like a murder for family insurance or tried to frame it on a lover or something.
She looked at the autopsy table where Bob 1 was lying and then took a deep breath.
“Did the mail come already?” Asked Sherlock out of the kitchen.
“Would that work Dr Watson?” Mycroft’s voice sounded hopeful. I painted John to have to be the barer of bad news.
“You have 2 minutes” Said John as he sat back down.
“Is that not normal for him? To not listen and to be in his own little word? MH” John could almost see Mycrofts eyes role.
“What the hell were you thinking?! Mrs Hudson and I were worried sick for you! You just up and right disappeared. I was ready to call Greg and start a bloody search for you. - What the hell did you do to your nose?”
“No. Fuck you, I’m not leaving. Not until you tell me what the fuck is going on with you. What the hell happened? Where is all this coming from?” said John and slammed the door shut.
“Remember Sherlock … Remember what I promised you …” the voice was almost sweet in its whispering. Like a long lost lover that finally came back from war. But this was no lover, nor even someone Sherlock would ever like to see again.
“Please go now!” Mycrofts voice was shaking this time and it was full with raw emotions. He really tried to hold it in but it was getting harder and harder and he really didn’t wanna lose it in front of John.
“Hey Sherlock …”
“Would you boys keep it down! Sherlock is sleeping” The small angry voice came from Mrs Hudson who just came up the stairs to join the conversation. John took a deep breath and ran his hand over his face.
The window curtains were opened abruptly, making sun light flood the room. They haven’t been opened in years and the dust that rose because of their move was the proof of it.
“Well I would if you would behave like an adult! God I feel like I’m taking care of two children. The way you behave is just sad. Grow up!” Said John and rolled his eyes. And then he realized what just lipped out of his mouth. Fuck.
After the falling out with Sherlock John stays on the ground, crying his eyes out over the truth that has been laid before him. He has been selfish ... it was true. But enough of that - it was time for him to change. To become someone who was worth of Sherlocks trust.
When his hand reached into nothingness he wanted to cry out in pain. Of course that part was not a dream. He was still doomed to suffer. Now that he thought about it… even though his dream was living hell there at least he had both of his arms.
Suddenly the laughter stopped. Sherlock stayed in his protective position till he heard someone call out his name. He slowly removed his hands from his ears and opened his eyes.
The grip on his shoulders caused him pain. He was scared. His mind was racing, screaming at him that something is off but he could not detect what that something was. He knew that something was not real, but what was it? Was John the fake voice or was it
of October it is. Three day more of pretending and then I can go” he whispered to himself as he pushed himself of the bed and started to get dressed.
“I’m sorry John, I can’t take this anymore.” Sherlock smiled softly at the doctor before he closed his eyes and pulled the trigger. He could hear John scream and Moriarty laugh. A loud bang followed and then … Finally … his mind was at peace.
“Thank you. Ow you even put milk in it.” Said John as he made the first sip. Sherlock did not say anything he just sat opposite him, throwing his exhausted body in the soft and warm chair. John could see a thin coat of sweat forming on Sherlocks forehead and his chest rising fast. Damn, he needed to get him help fast.
That was the time that Rosie started to tug on his breast pocket. He looked down to see what had her so interested when he reached and pulled out a letter. That’s right … he looked at the mail earlier and this letter somehow stood out to him so he wanted to inspect it closer before opening it. He could see his mind showing him clues but he was to exhausted from standing to make any sense of it.
“My name’s Mindy.”
“Well, at least it seems he’s good for something.” Sherlock drawls. John hums in agreement and proceeds to put away the basket of food while Sherlock heads back into the sitting room.
“Oh relax Johnny Boy, I’m not going to hurt him.” Sherlock thought that was a bit disingenuous considering he was still gripping his hair so hard his teeth were grinding down on his gag.
