[SH pulls back with a radiant smile and laughs]
are—”
“Because your opinion is
17 June 15:44
He’d never let go of John’s wrist after dragging him away, and now they were holding hands in the middle of 221b while Mummy looked on with a fierce sort of smugness.
Did he still need an excuse?
Of course it’s about sherlock. Everything is about bloody sherlock.
I don’t know what I’m saying
: Appropriate [  ]   Distracted [  ]   Short [  ]   Perservative [  ]   Intense [X]   Other [  ]:
No. Why? Why should I? Other than the… detective… ing.
He pulled his coat the rest of the way over his shoulders and wound his scarf around his neck. A bandage poorly-applied.
“What else does he need to do to prove to you that he wants you here? Both of you?” she asked. “Honestly, John, I’m truly asking.”
"Sherlock?" John said, shuffling a step closer and letting his hand drift along Sherlock's arm again. "You okay?"
Years of possibilities ahead of them, and many more Christmases to come.
/ 10:29 PM
Ten years after his first boyfriend left him, John Watson kissed the love of his life in the middle of a busy London street.
Sherlock stood before the sitting room window, looking out over the street below and letting the nighttime chill seep through the panes, into his bones. His violin rested under his chin, though he largely ignored it, keeping it there only as a comforting weight slumped against his collarbone. Every so often, his restless fingers would drift up to the strings, pluck out a few bars of an absent-minded Christmas carol. Behind it all, Sherlock’s thoughts spun out of control.
Are you missing the real cases yet? Dying to sink your teeth into a good serial murder?
Sherlock let out a barely audible sigh, no more than a faint whisper of air, but John's brow furrowed. "How can you receive love in different ways? You just... love someone or you don't, I thought."
“Of course!” John sounded almost offended, and his eyebrows echoed the sentiment in their tense furrow. “I… of
/ 3:41 PM
? John had never touched him like that before, never—
[SH pulls away and throws his arms in the air, apparently frustrated]
John drew back and frowned.
:  Suicidal [X]   Homicidal [  ]   Self-Injury [  ]
"Does this mean I can kiss you?"
John hid his eyes and fell silent.
Molly must have picked up on Sherlock’s unusual quiet, too, because she eventually broke into the conversation with a distraction.
Only John’s touch seemed to quiet Sherlock’s nervous energy.
From: john.h.watson@email.co.uk
:  084652JHW
But Watson is fascinated by the ants, John, as well she should be. Did you know that ants—
Electrical outlet blocker things
Or a lot.
John shook his head.
That would be ridiculous
"But he
I joke, but truly, is there any among us who didn’t know right from the start that these two were made for each other? The day Sherlock showed up at one of my crime scenes with some random bloke in tow, I thought, well… this is interesting, innit? And those early days, God, it was unbearable, being around them, the tension was so thick, right?
It glitters under the streetlights as Sherlock lifts the victim’s hand to inspect her nails and shirt sleeves. A sniff, then the magnifier, and cat-like stretches to reach without disturbing, the new ring a silent observer to Sherlock’s peculiar techniques. Greg is positive the ring hadn’t been there a few days earlier. They’d been at the pub following the successful resolution of the poisoning case, and Sherlock had picked up a scotch glass with his left hand—no ring, he’s certain of it.
What do I believe in?
John fumbled for the little foil packet nestled next to his condom stash and slicked his fingers in a hurry, then dove in for a deep, hungry kiss.
It was a good game because he couldn’t lose.
I’m not yet comfortable removing the suicidal indicator, considering how recent his last brush with suicide was, but he seems to be developing much healthier attitudes. More in notes summary.
John mustered a weak protest, but quickly gave up at the look on Mrs. Hudson's face. "I do everything to take care of us. I do all the shopping, I keep us fed, I watch his back on cases, I clean up his messes. What don't I do?"
“I need you, John, I need you, hurry, hurry up, damn it,” he muttered into John’s neck, and when the lock finally clicked open John gasped with relief.
“Can you imagine me in uni, John? Even
“Don’t push it,” Sherlock said, pasting a scowl on his face. John babbled on about turkey and mini sausages and parsnips, and Sherlock made a mental note and a promise for each one.
John quietly panicked into his tea.
/ 10:21 AM
Sherlock’s brain went into overdrive. Deduce, quickly: Pupils dilated. Racing pulse. Physical proximity. Steady hands.
It was like a bomb going off. The first direct address of a topic they’d all so carefully avoided, defined by the space they left around it.
A shadow passed over Sherlock's face, and stood so fast his chair skidded backward with a clatter.
“I... wanted to be coherent when I said goodbye to you. I didn’t want you to remember me that way. Mycroft never would have told you what happened. He would have told you I’d been killed in action. You’d never have known.”
So, if you would all please charge your glasses—
Three chapters today! Subscribe/follow on tumblr/check back later for the next two chapters!
/ 4:01 PM
No! No no no nonono I swear
“Turn around, gorgeous,” he growled, and Sherlock obeyed with a helpless groan, burying his face in his arms against the wall. The curve of his arse was round and temping through his tight black briefs, and John couldn’t help but cup one cheek with his un-lubed hand and
/ 12:09 PM
/ 11:52 AM
They stood there for a long moment, holding tight and gently swaying with the power of the moment, feeling their hearts racing inside chests pressed tightly together, until their need quieted and their frantic kisses gentled to soft brushes at temple, cheek, and jaw. When John planted a tiny kiss at the corner of Sherlock’s mouth, Sherlock smiled, then chuckled low in his chest.
They walked like that for a full block, silent, with John too terrified to so much as glance at Sherlock. His heart thundered in his ears, and his skin prickled with panic, the half-remembered terror of being outed against his will that he hadn’t had to deal with since his days with Brian. As soon as they turned the corner onto the next street, Sherlock’s arm fell away and he stepped back, much further than he’d been before the encounter.
The sound and scent of sizzling bacon chose that moment to make themselves known, and Sherlock’s stomach gave a loud rumble. John barked a laugh and yanked Sherlock down for a good morning kiss.
Getting closer...
29 January 14:15
He manhandled Sherlock until he turned to face him. He could barely make out the flash of Sherlock’s eyes in the dim light, but he focused on them, and gave voice to years of hurt and fear and love and want. “I don’t want you to live for me. And I don’t want you to live for her, either. You need to live for
/ 11:21
It was a testament to Sherlock’s emotional turmoil that he didn’t even bother denying it, or snapping at her for meddling. Instead, he buried his fingers in his curls and squeezed his eyes shut even tighter.
See you tomorrow, sweetheart.
I know, mate.
“Damn it, John, I swear if you don—GOD!” Sherlock choked on the rest of the sentence as John finally thrust in earnest, sinking fully into him in three long, slow strokes, groaning through his cocky smirk. Sherlock melted back into the soft duvet and pushed back against John, taking him deep, his mouth open and panting. He felt… open, flayed, like he’d broken apart and every bit of his love and pleasure pooled around him for John to see. Sherlock reached up, pulled John close and just breathed, just let John fill him up and ground him and utterly
His name was Victor. We met in uni, at Cambridge. Mycroft had taught me growing up that caring was not an advantage, that I should eschew romantic entanglements altogether, but I was going through a rebellious phase and Victor was… interested. So. We were together for one semester and the following summer. It ended because I am me, and I am abrasive and tactless and cannot keep my mouth shut even when I really, really should, despite disastrous consequences. As we both know too well.
-course. Sherlock shouldered his way past people without a care, to shouts of “Merry fucking Christmas, wanker!” and other colorful greetings, until he finally stumbled onto the correct platform. He scanned the faces, intent and focused—not John, not John, cheating on her husband, bought a puppy for Christmas, not John, not John.
/ 11:42 AM
Appropriate [X]  Minimal [  ]  Rambling [  ]  Frantic [  ]  Tangential [  ]  Halting [  ]  Other [  ]:
(See the end of the chapter for
(See the end of the chapter for
/ 12:24
Sherlock stiffened minutely, then relaxed into the touch, just as he had in bed.
But yes it’s about sherlock.
“No, it was fine, Sherlock. You were right, of course. If you hadn’t… done what you did, he probably would have shouted at me for the next hour. It’s what he liked to do, especially at the end. I was horrible to him. I deserved it.”
One second Sherlock was pressed up against John’s leg, and the next he was on his knees between them, dragging his mouth slowly up John’s inseam with his eyes fixed on John’s. John gasped, squirming involuntarily as Sherlock continued his slow slide upward, barely ghosting over John’s fast-hardening cock, until his mouth hovered inches away from John’s. John wrapped a hand around the nape of Sherlock’s neck and tugged lightly at the curls there, his other hand at the dip of Sherlock’s waist.
18 June 13:16
How are you doing this week? Did you get that promotion?
Seems I learned something from Ella after all.
It means a lot
He couldn’t quite bring himself to do it elsewhere, this exorcism. Not at the shop to the man ahead of him in line. Not to the police officers crowded around wreckage and flesh. Not to the people passing on the street below his window.
Sherlock grimaced. “No. Mummy will be revolting. Are you absolutely positive you wouldn’t rather stay here?”
“I’ll give it to him tonight,” John said, cradling the envelope in his hand like a delicate, precious thing.
(See the end of the chapter for
: I was diagnosed with PTSD after being shot in the shoulder in the line of duty and suffered from severe depression at several points thereafter. It continued to affect me in subtle and unexpected ways for years after, but my most immediate need for mental health care was in the weeks and months after my return to civilian life. I was seeing a therapist weekly as required by my discharge agreement, but it wasn’t enough. I don’t mind telling you that if I hadn’t met Sherlock and joined him in his work at just the right moment, I might not be sitting here today.
For his date.
“You said ‘Sherlock’ is a family name, right?” John asked, shutting the door firmly behind Mr. and Mrs. Holmes. Their visit to 221B had been brief but terribly amusing from John’s perspective; watching Sherlock attempt civility for hours on end was the most entertainment he’d gotten all week.
When John drew back again, he let the hand in Sherlock’s hair trace down his jawline, cup his cheek.
2/2/2017
/ 10:14
(...)
Gunmetal Gray
Up, flee to the bedroom, pass by the bacon on the table. Fast shower and shave, then clothes—
I’m eternally grateful to everyone who left kudos and comments. You really made this a fun experience. I love you all!
He pulled Sherlock down, crushed their mouths together, and felt every stray, broken part of him snap into place.
/ 11:13
“Hush, you.”
"WATSON!"
They know
Mycroft’s forbidding expression didn’t waver, though he remained in his seat. He watched John for a long, silent moment, considering.
“Know exactly what was going to happen, seeing as my mother orchestrated this whole thing with you, so they’ll have their white noise machine on.”
SURPRISE. I decided to change some things around that threw off my whole update schedule, so I went ahead and posted another today to get everything back on track. SORRY/NOT SORRY. Tomorrow will be another two-chapter day.
John froze.
And it was the most natural and necessary thing in the world to drag himself to the other side of the bed, to crawl in, curl around, to lay atop the covers and hold vigil.
“I’ve been in love with you for so long, and it’s so automatic to hide it now, it’s like I’ve… forgotten how to let it…”
Thank you so much Molly, really.
The reply was nearly instantaneous.
He forcibly dragged his mind back to the present and looked up to find Sherlock watching him. Normally he'd look away as quickly as he'd looked up, avoiding that intense gaze that made him feel so flayed open, so obvious. But today... he wanted to be seen. He wanted Sherlock to know. So he gazed right back, and even quirked a tiny smile. They didn't break the gaze for a long moment, until the cab pulled to a stop and the driver cleared his throat awkwardly.
I see you changed your name in my phone. Ha bloody ha.
2/2/2017
John casually inched his hand across the table and flicked Sherlock, who promptly flicked him back, and so on until they were practically thumb wrestling like children. Finally, John laced his fingers through Sherlock’s and squeezed tight, raising a warning eyebrow. Sherlock rolled his eyes, but squeezed back.
/ 12:21
It was definitely… something
16/2/2017, pending couples therapy appointment
Oh. Okay, sorry. I’ll leave you alone.
He was certain of a few things:
20 January 11:16
For me
So, funny story—I wrote this chapter maybe two weeks ago, then a few days ago
Warnings for this chapter: Implied alcohol abuse, Implied suicidal ideation, implied past abuse, general mental health stuff. Formatting looks terrible on mobile for this chapter—sorry! You can view this chapter as two large images
No time for your boring “cases”
17 June 16:37
too, but there's just the one E-rated chapter and the rest is all puddles of UST)
/ 11:14
Sherlock scrambled to his feet and schooled his features into something less
Thank you
to him. So I thought I’d try this. Spending quality time together doing something a little different. He’s probably going to realize five seconds after we get there. Hell, probably before we even leave. I’m wearing my date shoes, aren’t I? I need to go change my shoes—”
Now that he has acknowledged his sexuality openly, many of his other problems seem to be falling away. At this point, John has addressed most of the triggers for his self-loathing and anger. All he has left is the day-to-day incorporation of management techniques and the ongoing process of changing his internal dialogue. Right now, negative self-talk is automatic for him. Between his classes and our self-compassion exercises, though, he feels he’s making progress and has the tools he needs to change over time.
talking around it. You are going to make me say it plainly.
9/2/2017 - couples @ 10am, individual at 11am
and he gestured between them, “tainting what I have with him.”
John’s high-pitched giggles collapsed into full-on laughter. He grabbed the ashtray in one hand and Sherlock’s wrist in the other, then yanked him close enough to balance the ashtray on top of his curly head.
“Sherlock, you tracked down my birth certificate to find out my middle name. I think you owe me an answer after that. Who were you named for?”
With a light brush of his tongue over Sherlock's lower lip, he managed to coax Sherlock's mouth open enough to slip his tongue in to brush against Sherlock's. And it was like lightning, a hot bolt of pleasure straight to his cock that Sherlock felt too, if the little gasping hitch in his breath was anything to go on. He pushed again, pulling every trick he knew to leave Sherlock gasping and wanting with teeth and tongue and lips. John was half hard in his trousers by the time he pulled back to see the results of his handiwork, and Sherlock was a brilliant sight. Kiss-swollen lips, red face, dilated eyes, and an arm strategically draped over his lap. A whoop from across the table finally drew John's gaze away, where he found several of the mates he'd hooked up with at some point during their tour all but panting after them.
“Oh, come off it,” Sherlock said, rolling his eyes but tucking the tickets carefully back in their envelope all the same. “You’re just happy you don’t have to row with the chip and pin machine for a month.”
Sherlock froze.
A beat of silence, then Sherlock snorted, and they broke down into ridiculous giggles. And there it was—an opportunity to be just a bit daring, to push the boundaries just a hair.
<<<Transcript excerpt ends>>>
“No. Just gay. Boring.”
I want to be able to care without feeling like I have to react in the way that’s expected of me (total prick, he says)
Without looking up, Sherlock fumbled in the pocket of his dressing gown for his phone. Perhaps he could guilt John into coming home, thereby solving two problems at once. He pulled his face out of the couch and held his breath against the bacon scent as he typed out a quick text.
Why are you nervous? Was it… hard to leave for the last time?
DUE DATE: 15/02/2017
Sherlock briefly felt the room close in around him, a press of clashing voices and syrupy drinks, drowning in his own half-formed hopes.
Minor warning for violence relating to the morgue scene in TLD, dealt with in a healthy way.
/ 4:00 PM
He lurched to his feet and was halfway across the sitting room in two long strides when a handsome face with a scruffy gingerish beard poked through the open doorway, followed by a body wrapped in scottish wool and a Celtic FC scarf. The man’s eyes sparked as he gave Sherlock an obvious once-over, then tossed him a roguish grin and stepped fully into the flat.
Obviously.
SO sorry for the delay. Drowning IRL. One more short epilogue and we'll be done.
04/02/2017, 9 AM
Mummy and Father came out a moment later, and Sherlock lead them on a whirlwind tour of he and John’s favorite neighborhood spots: former crime scenes, Regent’s Park, lunch at the Chinese restaurant they’d eaten at after their first case. They were on their way to Covent Garden at Mummy’s insistence when Sherlock’s phone chimed for the first time in over two hours.
, but I thought it was your poorly-concealed attempt at a surprise gift. This is…” His lip curled. “…utterly devious.”
A light touch at his jaw cut him off, turned him back to face Sherlock.
: (with a fierce glare) That’s a rather inappropriate question, don’t you think?
Written for tumblr user
It sounds a bit ridiculous right now, but I think it’s one of those things that if you repeat it enough times, it starts to feel true.
You can skip this chapter without losing any plot. There is no explicit on-screen sex, but it definitely earns the M rating vs. the T rating for the rest of this fic.
John’s eyebrows knitted together. “Urgent? But what could—”
/ 12:29 PM
10 Harley St, Marylebone, London W1G 9PF | 020 7946 0337 |  thompson@etcounseling.co.uk
Honestly, there was probably nothing to worry about. It was wine. John would drink it, and would completely fail to observe its significance. He would say thank you, would compliment its characteristics, would appreciate its color without ever applying the word
Still not interested
/ 12:21
John reports that he is enjoying his anger management classes despite the fact that they are “bloody awkward” at times. He has been able to speak openly, identify his triggers, and practice incorporating the strategies that work best for him. We talked at length about the anger triggers that have been most persistent for him in the past, specifically Sherlock’s fake suicide and his father’s homophobic abuse. John expressed fear that he would never be completely over Sherlock’s suicide, but believes that he has finally let go of much of the trauma resulting from his father. He drove out to the cemetery where his father is buried over the weekend and he said his final piece, made the conscious choice to let everything go. Then he visited Sherlock’s empty grave and did the same. He admits that he’s not sure whether it will “stick”, especially in the latter case, but he wants to try. He has requested that, once this class ends, we add elements of anger management into our appointments once per week as a maintenance dose of sorts.
“Save a bit for me this time, will you?” John asked.
Not that watching Rosie is ever a strange favor
“And where do we belong?” Sherlock whispered.
And Watson. She’s everything, too.
Do I have to say it explicitly, in so many words? Is it not obvious from what I’ve said here?
(...)
Sherlock withdrew his phone from his pocket and unlocked it. John sighed internally. So much for that conversation. Should have expected Sherlock would be distracted by the first—
"So don't," Sherlock said with a nip to John's ear. "You're always telling me not to think so much."
John couldn’t blame him.
“Now, John, now, please,” Sherlock begged. “I use toys, I know when I’m ready, I won’t break, just please, please—“
Sherlock had been surprisingly okay with the festive preparations up until the morning of December 22nd. Shopping, baking, and decorating had become sources of closeness with John, opportunities to enjoy a sort of domestic warmth he’d thought beyond him, rather than inventive forms of torture. John’s smiles had come so often, so readily over the past few days that it had been easy to sink into it all and get lost in a well of that Christmas spirit the rest of the world seemed so drunk on.
-  Harry Watson (+1?)
(See the end of the chapter for
I hope you will forgive me for not addressing any of the content of your last letter here, but I have a particular matter I absolutely must discuss. I’m sorry I couldn’t simply say this yesterday when that damnable text alert went off again at home, but thankfully we have this new way of communicating that is a bit less immediate. I think it might give me the space to say what I’m trying to say.
(  ) completed   (  ) not completed   (X) partially completed
Warm. Alive.
Please stop asking me about The Woman. It’s not what you think. It was never what you thought. She is clever and interesting and a challenge and completely uninteresting to me from a romantic standpoint. Please ask yourself why, despite having ample opportunity, I never once had sex with either The Woman or Janine. There is a logical deduction to be made and I fully believe you’re mentally capable of getting there.
[JW steps back but leaves a hand around SH’s wrist, two fingers pressed to the inside of his wrist]
He went back to scanning the crowd, but the reply was swift.
They tottered into the kitchen together, Mycroft trailing behind. Mycroft did turn around long enough, though, to raise an eyebrow at the two of them with something like an approving smile.
“Amazing,” he said when Sherlock led them through a maze of alleys to the perfect ambush point, navigating the streets without hesitation.
Did Sherlock want to be loved at all?
/ 11:43 AM
“Are you sure?”
: I think it’s absolutely true that many people with mental health issues, including many of our veterans, are looked down upon or dismissed. It’s unfortunate, and I hope this case will shed some light on the need for better support for our returning veterans and better awareness of mental health as a society.
With all my heart,
“Of course,” he said. “Of course we are. If you want to. And if you want me to leave, I’ll do that, too.”
He pushed back from the table to stand, but John stopped him with a hand on his arm. He couldn't resist. The conversation had led them to this point, and the information was right there. So close. Did Sherlock want to be loved in a particular way?
Never works for me. Doesn’t occupy my brain enough to calm me down. What am I counting? Reasons for being pissed off?
Deep Red or Dark Blue. Reference reaction matrix for suit trousers; color of John’s preferred suit will likely determine the choice.
Sherlock huffed and rolled his eyes, but didn't argue.
This is another of those chapters that might look bad on mobile, so desktop viewing is recommended.
Then fingers covered his around the cool body of the glass, drew it away.
I wanted him there with me. I think I’ll wear these clothes for him sometime, just to see what happens. This old shirt from my army days definitely does the trick, and the new jeans I bought… well, let’s just say they were effective.
“What?” John asked.
Individual [X]  Family [  ]  Couple [  ]  Group [  ]
"Eight this evening," John said with a sigh.
Third chapter for today, two more coming
“No, no, no, wait—”
“Hello, Mummy.”
We’ll take your questions now.
(See the end of the chapter for
26/1/2017
I believe in bringing bad people to justice
Sherlock turned. Hesitated. Walked back a few paces, his mouth doing that thing, the thing John hadn’t seen since the tarmac.
Friday, 16 June 2017
I was not prepared for this.
29 January 13:30
“But not straight, either. You’ve dated men.” His voice lowered. “Had sex with men.”
Our deepest sympathies are with the family of the deceased. If any other veterans believe they were affected by this scheme, we encourage them to come forward so we can take their statements and work to get them the treatment they need.
One more later today!
"And you look just the same, mate, done up all posh and bloody gorgeous like always," the blond one—Liam—said with an obvious once-over. Sherlock flushed, but held his arms away from his body as if to say,
“I want to move back in,” John said without preamble.
“Yes, mustn’t forget the oysters,” Mummy said. ”Traditional, delicious, and so many delightful
“Do it, Sherlock, fuck, come on,” John said, and let go of Sherlock’s hip to take his cock instead. That simple touch, and Sherlock was already there, riding right on the edge, so close, pulled taut and shivering and—
This is the third and final chapter for today, so make sure you didn't miss chapters 55 & 56. Three more chapters tomorrow!
What if I don’t want you to leave?
A knock on the bedroom door startled Sherlock from his thoughts. “Sherlock? You okay? Can you come out for a bit?”
“I don’t want to go home with her, Sherlock,” John said, taken aback. He wasn’t sure what he’d expected, but the sheer venom in Sherlock’s voice was more than he’d heard in a long time.
/ 11:14
He took a deep breath.
This is Mrs. Hudson by the way
John couldn’t stand the sight of it.
John shivered.
John returned the kiss over one sharp cheekbone and let his lips linger while he got himself under control. His eyes burned with the inevitable, but he fought to keep it together just a bit longer. Just one more moment.
/ 01:38
They drifted closer and closer as they worked their way through the tangy flavors of tomato and basil, fingers sticky with balsamic vinegar reduction. By the time they cleared the plate, they were pressed together, knee to him to shoulder, each with an arm wrapped around the other. John wiped his fingers on his napkin and turned to ask Sherlock about ordering dinner—and froze.
For Rosie
Sherlock needed it. Deserved it.
They worked side-by-side in relative silence for several minutes, with only the music to fill the space between them. Sherlock focused his whole mind on perfect, exacting measurements and the impact of salt on the baking process, while his body focused on the music. Something about the rhythm… muscle memory had his socked feet stepping over to the refrigerator in precise, measured strides, with toes precisely pointed.
And that did it. A surge of pleasure, a crash, an electric rush, his own come mixing with Sherlock’s in his hand. Sherlock collapsed against him, his mouth seeking John’s immediately and swallowing down every groan, giving his own pleased hum in return.
“And what skill is that, posh boy?” he asked.
——————————
is prepared to test a variety of methods of soothing and discipline. Overall, the afternoon alone with Watson was an enjoyable experience; she is fascinating, a wondrous mystery, growing and different every day and
Stood up straight.
Hearing none, we will proceed.
value.
John raised an eyebrow.
John showed no discomfort at all with their public affection. On the contrary, he fairly glowed with pride over his family. With the weight of his secrets and repression gone, he seems years younger and incredibly light of spirit. He reports that being out as a gay man has given him no trouble he didn’t feel fully prepared to deal with, and has in fact brought him closer to his friends and sister. He said something quite wise under a mask of humor: “Apparently it’s a lot easier to relate to people when you don’t have a screen of lies to maintain between you.” He hadn’t quite realized how much all of his friends were holding it against him. Now that he’s out, his friends have made no secret of their frustration over the years, watching the pain he has caused Sherlock with his denial. Their veiled comments, even made with good humor, have hit him hard, but he acknowledges the truth in them and is working hard to make up for lost time.
“I’m sure, John. I promise. To be honest…” He cleared his throat and dropped his gaze, a faint blush tinging his cheeks. “When you were staying here after I got shot, and I was reading all those books, I—”
So much, Sherlock.
He reached out and covered Sherlock's hand with his own and squeezed once.
Sherlock brushed his nose against John’s and dipped his head so his words ghosted over John’s lips. “I thought it was wishful thinking,” he rumbled.
/ 20:07
/ 12:22
Perhaps this isn’t the right thing to do anyway
Rosie, please go to sleep. Please. How is it that, despite not sharing any DNA, you’ve somehow acquired Sherlock’s sleep patterns? Go. To. Sleep. Please go to sleep. Please. (11/1/17)
But Brian set his sights on Sherlock before John could get a word out.
Sherlock watched their reflection in the window as they gathered their things and made their way down to Mrs. Hudson’s flat for the night, their every move a choreographed dance of years together, slipping past and around one another with casual touches and bits of affection. Was that what others saw when they looked at him and John?
A muttered word.
/ 20:05
“You know you’re the most important thing in my life, right?” he said, forcing the words out, though his own throat tried to hold them back. “I’m not going anywhere. Never again. And that—” he waved a hand back at the officer, “—was completely one-sided. I’m not going
Noticeably absent was any mention of John other than via his daughter. Considering he rarely talks about anything
I’m just going to go. I’ll call you from the crime scene if I have questions.
"You're sure these men... that they aren't... they won't..." Sherlock cut off, frustrated. "Never mind. Let's go. Come on, John."
/ 20:10
/ 10:52
Sherlock
“John, you’re being
[Manual Title] Being a Summary of Crime Scene Techn
John laughed, but the sound was brittle. “Here I am, in love with you for years, thinking you just don’t do sex, or love, then you run off to Afghanistan and have it off with a bloke like that.
17 June 15:38
Marylebone Library
A camel stood sullenly next to Sherlock. Inside the morgue. Inside Barts. In England.
“Of course, dear, come in!”
Pardon the ridiculously overdone stationary. A gift from Mycroft that I never thought to have a use for. Nearly burned it at Christmas.
"Oh no, don't you dare leave me alone for this," John warned. "This is your fault in the first place."
“I need to give you part two of your Christmas present
/ 14:42
(See the end of the chapter for
And he pressed close, dragged his lips over that sharp cheekbone and felt Sherlock’s jaw drop open under his mouth, felt his harsh breath on his shoulder.
And he trembled. Sweated. Studied John with wide, watchful eyes as he gathered his scraps and tied them tight, hid them away.
John shook the solicitor’s hand, thanked him for his services, and followed Mycroft out into the early evening light as a free man.
“Of course I’m right. Go get him, John.”
Be a doctor.
/ 3:28 PM
I’m sorry, I know, things have been…
John fought to keep his face neutral, the corner of his mouth twitching with suppressed laughter. He turned his phone off and stashed it in his left back pocket, as far from Sherlock as it could possibly get while remaining on his person.
/ 12:06 PM
"We should really go see your parents," he said, and went for attempt number three. He slid his hand onto Sherlock's thigh under the table and squeezed. "Give them a Christmas that doesn't involve them being drugged, don’t you think?"
/ 12:28 PM
/ 10:52
“How could you possibly know about her ‘inherent nature’?” John asked in a way that could have sounded disbelieving but instead came off like
/ 19:55
Find humor in small, annoying situations
The television rested like a shadow in one corner of the sitting room, several boxes of books and files piled around it, and John was struck with an idea. He cleared the boxes, stacking them haphazardly next to his chair, then hauled the flatscreen against his chest and carried it into Sherlock’s bedroom, his footsteps over-loud in the emptiness. Once inside, he set it down on the chair in the corner next to Sherlock’s wardrobe and angled it toward the bed. Sherlock made an inquiring noise, but didn’t open his mouth—good.
Regent’s Park, position 12
John hummed. Everything left out of the hasty admission hung between them, silent and understood. Their fingers brushed, then tangled, pressed and held.
[JW blinks hard a few times, his lips pressed together, and lays a hand at the small of SH’s back to guide him to a stop in front of the door to 221 Baker Street. JW lets his hand fall away and takes a deep breath]
Though Sherlock is resistant to anything that might be deemed an “assignment”, we talked at length about self-care, and I suggested an exercise to help him develop a sense of identity beyond his career, intellect, and worth to other people. I hope to continue to work with Sherlock on this issue, as he will need as much internal, self-driven resilience as possible to stay clean and healthy, especially in the case that his revelation to John goes poorly.*
At that, John’s unaffected facade cracked open with unrestrained mirth. His high-pitched giggle, so at odds with his dangerous side, never failed to make Sherlock lose control of his facial expressions; his eyes crinkled, the corners of his mouth turned up, and his heart leapt wildly in his chest at John laughed and laughed, finally coming to rest his hands on Sherlock’s hips.
"You pair of slags," Luke said, and threw himself at them both, dragging them down to place big sloppy kisses on both their cheeks.
That could have been their first kiss. John probably would have kissed him,
BARCODE: 31743306429680
God no
Macintosh House, 54 Beaumont Street, London, W1G 6DW
know?
“Did anything ever happen with Janine or Irene?”
Sherlock growled.
Lololol this is what happens when Lilo decides to make up case details out of the blue. I hope that made even a tiny bit of sense. The details of the case aren't relevant to the story at all, so nbd if it doesn't.
(and are you drinking right now?)
Appropriate [X]   Minimal [  ]   Rambling [  ]   Frantic [  ]   Tangential [  ]   Halting [  ]   Other [  ]:
W.S.S. Holmes  xxx4840
This is a two chapter day. Check back later for another update, or subscribe to have a notification emailed to you!
John pressed his face harder against Sherlock’s shoulder, but nodded. Touching outside of the bed, outside of Sherlock’s need for comfort during withdrawal, was still a bit strange, but absolutely necessary. Sherlock, under his hands, solid and real and warm. Alive.
<<<End Transcript>>>
Sherlock stood in the open door, adorably sleep rumpled and wide eyed. His left cheek was lightly creased by the weave of the throw pillow, and his tousled hair stood out in a fuzzy shock from his head. His eyes flicked over John from top to bottom, no doubt deducing his nervousness.
as the woman in the shop had. Things would continue on. Sherlock would
<<<Begin Summary>>>
God, I’m such an oblivious idiot. How did I not realize?
"Trauma related to one's sexuality is... not unfamiliar to me," he finally said. "Please accept my apologies."
/ 11:36
You’ll have to talk to John about that, mate, I’m sorry.
:    9:00 AM
“Well, the envelope has my name on it, too, so I’m opening it,” John declared.
/ 12:04 PM
/ 10:59 AM
We look forward to overseeing your adoption process.
[JW glances up at SH with a slight smile, then back to front]
I’m laying here. How is that silly? She—
John paled. “Oh my god, we have to get
“Ridiculous.” Sherlock lifted a hand to John’s cheek with a small smile and pulled back just far enough to look into his eyes. His mouth parted, and he licked his lips and looked at John’s mouth.
They practically flew up the stairs, dizzy with wanting and lack of blood to the brain, and threw the door to the flat shut with a slam likely heard throughout the building. They didn’t even bother getting fully naked. The second the door was closed, Sherlock shoved his trousers down to his thighs and resumed his position from the alley, his cock in his hand and his gorgeous arse on display. John wasted no time, grabbing Sherlock’s arsecheeks, spreading them open, and sinking his cock straight into Sherlock's wet and waiting hole. They both shouted moans of shocked relief and held still for a long moment, John’s front to Sherlock’s back, pressed together, buried deep, so hot,
(See the end of the chapter for
Lestrade is actually making sense and I think that means less of drinks next time
It’s not that.
29 January 13:26
you went out and slept with a man who looked exactly like me. In
Which meant John knew everything now, too.
John never would have thought it before, but physical touch seemed like a win. There was something sweet about how, once Sherlock felt the warmth of John's touch, he seemed to crave it, unconsciously shifting closer and closer to John during their cab ride. Now that John thought back, though, he couldn't remember people touching Sherlock much. He seemed so cold, distance,
drank some. But only a single lip print, not several overlayed, barely there—just the one sip, then. Good.
Sherlock opened his mouth to snap, but John whirled around first, nearly tripping over a tangled pile of multicolored lights. “I would be happy to
Sherlock’s chest was simultaneously full to bursting and light as air. He raised his glass to brush against his plush lower lip in an imitation of John’s kiss and let the mingled scents of wine and John flood his senses. Relief. Contentment. Desire.
(See the end of the chapter for
/ 12:06 PM
So like… if I fail to solve a case, or even lots of cases… do I not deserve to live? Does the whole rest of my life not matter?
Thank you both for all your help with the wedding and for standing up with us. Can’t wait until it’s your turn!
“Hold this under your tongue until it’s completely dissolved. Should take less than ten minutes. Do
“He wasn’t coming back.”
Now that you know this about me, I hope you can forgive me for all the times I was cruel. It will never happen again. I know who I am now.
(...)
“It’ll be fine,” John said, squeezing gently. “A holiday party with our friends will spread the attention around so your parents won’t be so focused on you all the time. It’ll give you a bit of a break from them.”
[SH pulls back to meet John’s eyes again]
"A pleasure," Sherlock murmured, and John could see him slipping into a character, playing the role. John's boyfriend. Not good. Anything said or done during one of his acts couldn't be trusted as truth.
You got it, mate
Mrs. Holmes:
: Suffice it to say that my client’s daily habits provided the link to the other veterans, several of whom reported missing medication. John was indispensable in his handling of the witness interviews, being a veteran himself.
This chapter rated G.
Okay, looks like you're getting three chapters today and four chapters tomorrow, so buckle up, fuckers. Make sure you didn't miss this morning's chapter, and subscribe/check back later for one more.
To: john.h.watson@email.co.uk                                            18 Jan 2017  |  13:49
And it was like a bucket of cold water, so plainly stated.
, and he was finally going to get his mouth on Sherlock Holmes.
No, really, that’s great, Sherlock. Does that mean it’s something to do with John that has you—
Fine, text me as soon as you get out
John Watson had planned on a perfectly boring, uneventful Friday night. The clinic had been slow. Sherlock had just solved a case the night before and was delightfully docile. The weekend stretched before him with quiet promise: curry, bad mystery novels, and if he was really lucky, a movie night with Sherlock where he could subtly try for a cuddle. It worked occasionally. This weekend felt like it could be one of those times. He settled into his chair with a sigh and rubbed his socked feet together with a contented hum.
to it,” he said, feeling his cheeks grow warm. Across from him, Sherlock went very, very still. “I’m afraid I was the arsehole of the pair with my next boyfriend, though. My parents weren’t exactly… I was…”
But first, there was physical touch.
You really did look different the other day and now I understand
/ 12:24
But in public? Don’t make him feel like he has to hide. That’s just cruel, especially after all this time he’s spent waiting for you.
Lestrade and Molly bustled around, placing dish after dish of food onto a table already creaking under the weight of an enormous turkey. Mrs. Hudson’s sister-in-law (“Call me Jane, I’m no one’s missus!”) directed the evening like an air traffic controller. John and Sherlock watched in wide-eyed horror as the dishes accumulated.
Suicidal [  ]   Homicidal [  ]   Self-Injury [  ]
"Well, fuck me, mates, look who we have here!"
"Mm, probably either with me having it off with my hand and crying into my pillow after, or with you kicking me out of the flat because I was too obvious."
I mean
“Are those tickets for the LSO’s Stravinsky program?” he asked. Sherlock looked up sharply, brows drawn together.
John’s cheeks burned, and he cut his eyes away from hers, looking at
Sherlock blinked.
: John’s reported suicidal ideation has diminished over the course of our last few sessions, but is still occasionally present to a lesser degree. Support from his best friend and improved outlook toward his daughter appear to be aiding his recovery.
If you don’t want to read it for some reason it’s
“Fine,” Sherlock echoed, though even he didn’t sound convinced.
I wish a lot of things.
[JW grins, then laughs a bit, shaking his head. He glances up at SH again, still smiling]
Fine. I’ll tell you something that not even Mycroft knows. He was too busy climbing the ranks of Her Majesty’s Service and serving abroad to notice at the time and I find his assumptions useful on occasion, so I’ve never corrected him. But it is… relevant.
For years now, I’ve only wanted him.
Be a soldier.
When Sherlock relaxed fractionally, John returned his hand to Sherlock’s side. Moved up, down. Okay. Still okay. He drew him closer, until they were as close as their bodies had drifted in sleep, and murmured sweetly in his ear.
...evening planned for us, I’m sure.
He placed his hand gently on Sherlock's upper arm, then let it slide down until it cupped Sherlock's elbow. The touch was electrifying.
Subject: Re: Re: (no subject)
Total: £67.75
/ 11:22
John raised an eyebrow at Sherlock and nodded toward  the two smaller presents, an envelope and a tall gift bag, while he grabbed the largest one. Sherlock stared at the gifts for a long moment, then reached for them slowly, as if expecting an attack. After a moment of ripping paper, John wasn’t entirely sure it
221B was his home.
“Sherlock,” he said before he could talk himself out of it. “You know…”
2/2/2017
The second the front door closed downstairs, Sherlock set down his violin and swept over to John. One hand immediately found its way to John’s upper arm, Sherlock’s default gesture of affection. Their resolve to wait grew more difficult to maintain by the day, but new touches and closeness provided some measure of comfort. John let his forehead fall against Sherlock’s shoulder and just breathed for a long moment.
And I don’t care that they know
John huddled close against Sherlock’s side the entire time. Possibly for warmth. Or possibly not.
This is the second of three chapters today. Make sure you didn't miss chapter 55!
[written in black ink on brand new, heavy weight paper in a simple off white, carefully creased and tucked inside an unadorned envelope]
He has been spending his evenings and nights at 221B, where he feels at peace and stable for the first time in a long time. He had a job interview yesterday, and John is feeling good about his decision to shift away from GP work. Overall, John feels like he has finally found his place, like he and Sherlock have already been together for years, and he is looking forward to a lifetime together. He made a point of mentioning that the sex is great, too. No intimacy problems.
“I’ll drink to that.”
The whole event was a bit strange.
In addition to ‘dada’, she now says the word ‘no’. I’m thrilled. Really. I’ve decided to blame Sherlock. (16/1/17)
Sherlock took a slow breath in, letting the moment fill with that charge, the buzzing energy that sparked between them more and more frequently of late. The corner of his mouth curled into a tiny smile, and he reached over to touch his glass gently to John’s.
a woman.”
Counsellor / Psychotherapist
If you wish to read further about the subtle science of identifying mud, please visit The Science of Deduction for much more useful information. “Something about mud and tyre tread” indeed, John.
, is that right, Johnny?”
It was.
“Ah ah,” John warned, and swatted him sharp on one plump arse cheek. Sherlock let out a shocked moan and shoved back even harder, sending a hot bolt of lust straight to the base of John’s spine.
I love you, Sherlock. I adore you, I need you, I want you, and I love you with absolutely everything in me. And if you want me as your husband, then I would be honored to be that to you.
John froze.
“Aren’t you going to go home to Mary?”
“Yes,” Sherlock whispered. He moved to stand, to wrap his arms around John like before, but John backed away.
Who’s at the door so late?
There’s one more thing I have to tell you.
Anxious [X]   Depressed [  ]   Angry [  ]   Sad [  ]   Euphoric [X]   Contemplative [  ]   Other [  ]:
Are you?
Somehow, having the wine in the same physical location as John had suddenly made the reality of giving it to him, drinking it
: Dress and personal hygiene are meticulous despite visible exhaustion.
, Gregory.
"Not what?" Luke asks, finally acknowledging John's presence with a raised eyebrow. "Because your boy Johnny here looks about ready to tear our arms off, so maybe we'll just be on our way, eh, Liam?"
Sherlock snorted. "I'm sure they'd have no trouble believing Three Continents Watson was capable of pulling a woman on short notice. You'll be fine. Can we be done with this tedious conversation now?"
“Too far. Here’s fine.”
Sherlock pulled the waistband of John’s boxer briefs down and licked the bead of moisture from the tip of John’s cock with one quick flick of his tongue. A ragged moan tore from their throats in unison, and Sherlock dove back for more, the burst of John’s taste on his tongue a new and deadly addiction. He tongued at John’s bollocks, dragged a firm stripe up the underside of his cock, then plunged down to take the whole thing, pressing his nose into John’s groin to absorb his scent. Sherlock swallowed once around the head of John’s cock, the pulled back with an achingly slow drag, and set the pace with long pulls and leisurely traces over the slit, under the head, every spot that made John gasp and clutch the sheets.
I meant what I said, that first evening at Angelo’s. It’s all fine, Sherlock. It really is.
“John, all I said was that I preferred white lights instead of multicolored because of the way the lights clashed with the ornaments. It wasn’t a judgment of your ornaments or a statement of class,” Sherlock argued automatically, though the vast majority of his brain was stuck on repeat, hearing
Actually, no. Well, only in a... distant sort of way. I enjoy the puzzle and the thrill of the chase… doing something good.
[SH reaches for JW again, and this time JW allows it. He collapses against SH’s chest and wraps his arms around his waist. SH pulls him close with both arms around his shoulders and rests his cheek against the side of JW’s head]
And now you know me, too.
John halted with his back to Sherlock, his hand still buried in his hair. That was... exactly the sort of information he'd been fishing for when he started this conversation. It only just occurred to him that he hadn't actually expected it to work. Or rather, he hadn't actually expected there to be anything to learn.
“It could be
John kissed him in agreement, long and slow, his heart full to bursting, and lifted a hand to weave into Sherlock’s curls—but caught himself just in time.
Travel cot
Sherlock scoffed.
Piss off
I am a genius, obviously
I just need a minute.
Sherlock's mind went perfectly blank.
John handed the bills over to the cabbie. "Keep the change and give us just a minute?"
“You’re free to do as you like, John,” he said, but his heart obviously wasn’t in it. He couldn’t even meet John’s eyes. John’s heart
John’s mind drifted in the cool, calm space of crisis mode. Measure, evaluate, diagnose—Sherlock’s hand, cupped in his, upturned, two fingers on his pulse point, hands clammy. Mary’s foot nudged John’s from where she sat belted in across from him, but he ignored her, counting heart beats and watching the rise and fall of Sherlock’s chest. Respiration slightly depressed. Thirty-five minutes since the last dose.
care.
“Don’t you dare ask it again, John, I mean it!” she said in a low voice. “I see that look on your face. You remember the deal and do your part. Are we clear?”
It’s titanium. I thought you’d want something that wouldn’t interfere with your work and could stand up to the punishment you’re sure to put it through.
John nodded. “You sure you’re ready for that?”
“I couldn’t—” he started, but John swept in before he could finish. He guided Sherlock to the bed, sat him down on the edge, and set to work with brisk efficiency. Shoes and socks off. Cuffs at wrists undone. His fingers stumbled over the straining buttons at Sherlock’s chest, but he pushed past the heat in his cheeks and let his hands follow the trail to the bottom, let them smooth over strong shoulders to push the fabric off. He couldn’t help but press a protective palm to Sherlock’s bullet scar for a brief moment before exerting a gentle pressure.
It felt just like being in the army. All dad’s bullshit felt so far away while I was over there, so irrelevant, I just tuned it out. It didn’t matter. It never needed to matter. I had no problem ignoring his voice while I was giving out blowjobs to my fellow soldiers in Afghanistan. Why should I let it bother me now? Why should London be any different? Especially when he’s dead and can’t come after me anyway? It not. It’s not different at all. It’s like I flipped a switch when I was deployed, then flipped it back when I came home. Well, I’m flipping the switch again, by choice this time, and I’m breaking the damn thing so it stays this way. Now that I’ve been reminded what it feels like, to want men and be wanted by them and have that be known, I’m never going back. This was exactly what I needed. This reminder, this pseudo-Afghanistan in a dark basement of sweat and sex and music.
“I heard Mrs. Hudson shouting. What did you do?”
Sherlock hesitated.
There was nothing slow about it.
(See the end of the chapter for
I’m going to tell him how I feel, yeah. Tomorrow. The rest is up to him
"Go to him, Sherlock," Lestrade said with a little shove between his shoulder blades. And once his feet were moving, he couldn't have stopped if he wanted to. He was drawn in by John's wet eyes, the twist of his mouth as if he were barely holding something in, and he'd meant to approach slowly, with some small measure of self-preservation, just in case,
:   19/1/2017
It was great to have you there, Harry. Thanks for all your help and support over the last six months. You’ve been invaluable. I’m proud of you, too.
: No, Sherlock, it’s fine, actually. I used to be quite private about such things, but I’m thinking more and more lately that hiding things can be really harmful, both to yourself and the people around you. We
It’s just part of me
One hour to go. Make a decision.
“What
He paused, cleared his throat, looked down at the table.
He’s a great godfather. Much better than you ever gave him credit for. And if I'm very, very lucky, one day he might be more.
/ 12:15
John took a long pull from his pint, hiding his wicked smirk behind the rim of his glass. “Is anyone at that table nice?”
“Always,” he whispered.
Your father is horrible and I hate that he’s already dead so I can’t
God, I’ve been in love with you for years, you know. Quite irritating. It’s about time.”
The car slid to a stop outside 221 Baker Street, and John leapt out on his side, then rushed around to the other side to catch hold of Sherlock’s arm as he stumbled out of the car. Yes, the opioids were taken care of for the moment, but cocaine was short acting, probably wearing off about now, withdrawal kicking in. The next few hours would be—
20 January 08:37
Hallucinations [  ]  Delusions [  ]  Sleep Problems [X]  Appetite Problems [  ]  Drug/Alcohol Abuse [X]
/ 3:21 PM
Ha, yeah, that was the first time I’d seen him since I came out to him
)—then let the pressure of Sherlock’s hand on his hip guide him away.
, HEY! SHERLOCK!"
“I wanted,” he said, backing Sherlock up against the refrigerator door, “to continue what I started. I had my hands all over you, Sherlock. Do you remember? Did you realize?” He pinned Sherlock against the hard surface with a hand on each sharp hip, then dragged his palms up Sherlock’s sides, over his chest and back down. “Did you know what I wanted?”
"Oh yeah? What's the book about, then?" he asked, managing to sound only slightly pained.
John groaned and refused to open his eyes. He’d been in the morgue for four hours, at the crime scene for an hour before that, and at work for nine hours before that. He’d only just dozed off.
:  20/4/1976
To: harrywatson@email.co.uk                                              18 Jan 2017  |  15:12
Give me the quick version while you’re still on break and you can elaborate at our usual at 2:30
"Not gay," Sherlock finally said an eternity later. "You said. Not gay."
,” she said with an exaggerated leer. “Did you give him the wine already? Or did things just happen without it somehow?”
Reading now.
/ 11:55 AM
“On the train to Liverpool Street Station, which is where we’re headed.” The machine spat out three tickets, two of which he shoved into Mummy’s hands. “Come on, this train is leaving any second and we need to be on it!”
Sherlock’s smile faltered.
gay (very)
“So, we’re celebrating?” He leaned back and laid his arm across the low top of the booth, nonchalant, but his eyes were soft and hopeful.
Black
She beamed at him. “You are so welcome, John. Well, go on, just open everything all at once!”
He looked down at the envelope in his hand, smiled, and stood.
To celebrate the need of comrades.
To: harrywatson@email.co.uk                                              18 Jan 2017  |  13:21
From: harrywatson@email.co.uk
He stabbed the ‘end call’ button with a sticky finger and tossed the phone over his shoulder, where it landed with a soft plop on the sitting room couch.
Everyone keeps
/ 11:51 AM
/ 01:42
[the paper is crumpled and stained with two watery liquids, one clear, one brown]
I picture
“Are you planning to drop everything for him every time he needs you once the baby’s here, too? You’ve missed almost the entire pregnancy already.”
“Mycroft, you know this isn’t a typical situation. You know what she is. What she’s done, what she’s... capable of. Are you seriously telling me you don’t want to handle the person who nearly killed your brother?”
the feel of the paper under this pen
She’s been dead for eight months. She was on the run for two months before that. And I was contemplating divorce and regretting going back to her before that, and I was living with you while you recovered from her
“Oh, come on, now that’s cheating!” John protested. He slid his forearm along the bar so his arm was nearly around Sherlock’s shoulder, sliding closer when the door swung open to admit the icy breeze and flurries. The proximity, the scent of him, the humor and body heat all loosened Sherlock’s tongue more than he would have liked.
I’m sorry I never loved you enough.
Marriage Notices
. Please go leave some love! It's lovely and perfect and you might recognize it from the little ending bit of Greg's speech in the last chapter. I love how, even without being given any description of wedding attire or anything, they managed to incorporate poisonous berries into the floral pieces! HOW GREAT IS THAT. <3 <3 <3
I'm going to do two chapters/day for the next few days. I'm so impatient! Check back later or subscribe for more.
John was adrift, too.
. I won’t bore you with a repeat of all that, but I will say this: Don’t ever let Sherlock Holmes convince you that he doesn’t have a heart. I suppose he has a way with wounded, hopeless veterans.
/ 01:42
Sherlock’s eyes were so wide. He was utterly stunned. Then he wrapped his arms around her tight and we both started laughing. He stood up with her, and we cuddled her and praised her cleverness and it was honestly one of the happiest moments of my life. We’re about to head to the park so she can show off her new walking skills to the whole world. Sherlock is practically glowing.
God, I fucking
29 January 17:55
[watsons nappy 25012017-2.jpg]
[Sheet Music] Violin Concerto No. 1 in A minor, Op. 77 /
“It’s probably not. Not secret at all, he just…”
He’s changed a lot in these past seven years. We both have. He’s a bit softer, a bit kinder. A lot wiser. More loving. He’s my best friend, the person I trust most, everything I need in this world. Seven years ago we were strangers with an instant connection and a shared craving for danger. Now? We’re a family.
Despite what you may think, I am pleased for you.
“Morning,” John replied cheerfully.
John winced. Trust Mrs. H to get right to the heart of things. He looked down into his teacup and watched the ripples form and fade as he tapped a restless finger against the rim.
It was deadly quiet.
I hope you've enjoyed this fic! Thank you again to Geometry for commissioning this fic, to wiscolina for beta reading and crisis handling, and to YOU for reading it. <3
“Come over here and find out,” Sherlock said.
Tues 24 January 2017 10:27:03 GMT
/ 12:32 PM
“I love you too. I should say. So much, Sherlock. God, I’ve wanted this with you. We’re going to be together now, right?
There will be four chapters today! The first two will be normal length, and the second two will be very short, just so you’re mentally prepared and not disappointed. Subscribe, follow on tumblr, or check back later to make sure you don't miss any of them!
Mrs. Hudson’s American sister-in-law had insisted on celebrating Thanksgiving during her visit, and as Lestrade was the only one among their acquaintances with an actual dining room, the responsibility of hosting had been thrust upon him.
, you know,” Sherlock said, hyper aware of John’s proximity, of the precise distance between their mouths.
“Yes,” Sherlock agreed.
:  Suicidal [X]   Homicidal [  ]   Self-Injury [  ]
/ 10:43 AM
confessed to his long-standing attraction and romantic interest in Sherlock*, something that has remained half-repressed and/or hypothetical for much of their association. A relationship with Sherlock was suddenly not outside the realm of possibility, which forced John to confront everything he has been avoiding for most of his life.
Ta, Molly, and we’re thrilled for you, too. See you later.
John hadn’t wasted breath denying the observational powers of a Holmes. A melancholy calm had settled over his heart, and with a quick glance at Sherlock’s closed bedroom door, he’d replied, “It’s not quite that easy.”
"I do," Sherlock said, breathless. "I'm ready. Let's go."
“Just putting on a little mood music, getting into the spirit,” John said as he slipped back into the kitchen. He wiped down his station and started in on the next recipe, glancing at Sherlock out of the corner of his eye every so often.
Oh, you’re in class or something, Sherlock said
A bolt of fear shot straight to John’s heart.
Thanks for the introduction, Mike. We owe you so much.
020 7641 6200
Sherlock shifted his focus just long enough to dash off a quick text.
“John,” he breathed.
So you really won’t help today?
He would not stay for me to stand and gaze.
/ 12:31 PM
To: john.h.watson@email.co.uk                                            18 Jan 2017  |  13:05
Yes, I will be there. Please thank John for me.
This will be a two-chapter day, so check back later for a much longer update!
“Have you considered just telling him how you feel and what you want? With words?” she asked.
Subject: Re: Re: Re:  Re: Re: (no subject)
26/1/2017
“No. It’s not. We aren’t,” Sherlock answered, half-surprising himself by actually talking about it. Lestrade’s eyes went wide for a second before he mastered himself, evidently just as surprised as Sherlock. Bolstered, Sherlock took a deep breath and took a leap, ignoring the panic twisting in his stomach.
If you all take nothing else from this case, I hope you’ll come away with a better idea of what our servicemen and women go through upon returning home from active duty. Please support your friends and family struggling with their mental health, educate yourselves, and consider donating to one of the following charities if you’re able:
This is the most important thing in my life now. If that’s okay with you.
: None [  ]   Ideation, but no plan [X]   Plan/Intent [  ]   Other [  ]
permission and reciprocation, about yes and
Kind regards,
The next morning, John and Sherlock pulled the dusty old fake Christmas tree from the basement apartment and let themselves be stuffed with cranberry scones by Mrs. Hudson. The flat was warm, filled with the spicy scents of cinnamon and nutmeg and brightly lit by the spill of sunlight through the windows. John wore his least ugly Christmas jumper, one that did amazing things to his chest and shoulders, and Sherlock had conceded to wear a button down of deep forest green that could be considered vaguely festive.
O YOU whom I often and silently come where you are that I may be with you,
. Based on intellect, right?
I just have to
“I can’t,” Sherlock said after a moment, regretful. “Sorry.”
Once he started scrolling through the photos on his phone, he grew quiet. The recent photos were almost entirely of Rosie or her birthday party prep work, excepting a few that he scrolled quickly past with a blush. When I asked what he was feeling, he grew cagey, hesitant, then finally admitted he was afraid of being judged for thinking about things too early. At my encouragement, he blurted out that he wants to adopt Rosie, wants to have a tangible, legal connection as her parent. He deduced her existence before John and his ex-wife even knew, made a vow to protect her eight months before she was born, feels intrinsically tied to her and wants that to be publically and legally acknowledged. When I advised him to discuss it with John, he rolled his eyes (‘obviously’) and said he had done a lot of research into options and hoped to discuss it this evening. Similar to our last session, he appeared embarrassed or self-conscious about this desire, but also determined. He wants this, and he’s willing to do whatever it takes, if John allows it.
/ 12:19
You’re obsessed with the posh public school thing.
(...)
A huff of warm breath ghosted over John’s neck when Sherlock backed away, a tiny smile on his lips. He patted the camel on the nose with something approaching fondness, and turned his back to John.
What you said earlier, though...
: Mycroft Holmes
None [  ]  Ideation, but no plan [  ]  Plan/Intent [  ]  Other [  ]
“I know.”
Finally, Sherlock nudged John's nose with his own.
John finally sprung it on him, unplanned, on their way out the door for a case.
A stack of boxes against the far wall seemed a promising place to start. He tore at the tape sealing the nearest one shut and ripped the flaps of the box open. Clothes, Sherlock’s fine suits folded up and marked for charity in Mycroft’s own handwriting.
John took the cup with a secretive little half-smile, then ducked into the crowd of half-drunk yarders. Sherlock followed him with his eyes, his body still on alert from the press of John’s side against his, the wine warm in his chest and stomach.
Dear husband,
Tomorrow will be a direct continuation, hence the little teaser for tomorrow’s prompt: Snowed In. Things are about to go up to 11, y’all.
Then he came back an it was horrible. The soddng block was there again and I couldn’t ignore everything like I used too because I made completely idiotic mistake of telling fucking mary the fucking truth soon after we got together. she KNEW, and she teased me about it after he came back, and it just made everthing so much worse. I had to pretend I was over it.
Also, this might look funky on mobile? The formatting was HORRIBLE to get right and I still don't love it. Ugh.
“Do that group over there next, over at the corner table,” John murmured, his warm breath ghosting over the shell of Sherlock’s red-tipped, frozen ears. They’d ducked into the pub to warm up after an unlikely afternoon of preparatory Christmas errands, but the trip had quickly morphed to an exercise in self-control. A delicious shiver danced its way down Sherlock’s spine, pooling low in his belly and taking his mind to decidedly inappropriate places. He cleared his throat and gestured with his chin.
Sherlock gasped something like a sob and ground back against John as if he could get any closer, pull John any deeper. John pressed kisses all over Sherlock’s shoulder blades as he drew slowly back, then thrust in again, slow at first, then faster, faster, Sherlock’s hand flying over his own cock. A shift of angle, a firm slap on Sherlock’s gorgeous arse, then another, and John felt him start to come from the inside. Sherlock’s inner muscles fluttered as his cries became one long moan, John’s name, and his come spilled over his fist and onto the rug. John fucked him through it, letting the maddening electric pleasure he’d been holding at bay drive his hips, his cock into Sherlock’s arse. He pulled Sherlock’s arsecheeks apart to watch his cock sink in over and over, and it only took once, twice, three more times, and then the wave hit him, tearing a shout from his lungs as he filled Sherlock’s arse and pressed his forehead to Sherlock’s heaving back.
and now he told me he’s gay and he had a boyfriend before and
in response to my plea for cost of living info. I took plenty of liberties, but I wanted to at least be in the ballpark.
John coughed violently.
[GL pulls the door shut and the cab drives away. SH stands at the curb for a moment]
Jesus, Sherlock! I’d delete that comment but it’s obviously too late.
“John… can I…”
A moot point, though. Once they crossed the threshold into the private back room the Yard had rented out for the party, the hand fell away. John nodded to each familiar face they passed on the way to the bar, pretending as always that he actually enjoyed forced social interaction, then ordered them two scotches. As he leaned against the bar to wait, Sherlock puzzled over his body language: Hips and feet pointing away, but leaning too far into Sherlock's personal space to appear separate from him. Not telegraphing availability with careful distance, as he had in the past. Not leaning close, either. Curious.
“No.”
I don’t mind answering
"Are more people coming?" John finally asked, his voice faint.
You would think I would know what to say
(See the end of the chapter for
Anyone who dares to so much as look at her will pay dearly. She is under my protection.
Sherlock froze, his eyes absorbing every detail as a door in his mind palace flew open, spilling vivid memories of
He hung up and dragged John into the alley next to the pub all in one motion. Before he could process what was happening, John found himself yanked forward so he pinned Sherlock against the wall. Sherlock spread his legs further and slid down the wall to equalize their height, so they were nose to nose and groin to groin.
/ 11:23
Second chapter for today, and there were a bunch yesterday, so check carefully that you haven't missed any <3
“She hit me with a magazine, you know. We should watch her, she’s a vicious one,” he murmured into Sherlock’s jaw.
As per my contract, I am providing two weeks’ notice of my departure. My last day will be 10 February 2017. Until then, I humbly request that I not be assigned any further transcription work from the standing order for surveillance materials relating to Mr. Sherlock Holmes and Dr. John Watson. While I do wish them the best, sir, and it’s been quite sweet watching them get to this point, I would rather not spend my remaining time in Her Majesty’s Service transcribing their sex lives.
John slammed the cup of tea down on the side table and leaped to his feet, pacing across the room with one hand buried in his hair.
The telltale rumble crept over them both, and for once Sherlock held his breath, curled in around his heart.
: 23:38:12 to 23:45:22
John pushed on, undeterred. “That was a suicide attempt. I know one when I see one.”
Brian’s mouth went hard. “Bit late for that, isn’t it? I can’t believe I gave you a whole year—”
“Oh, but it’ll be so nice to see them before I leave, Sherlock, and more time with family can never be a bad thing!”
Damn it, Sherlock, you’re changing the subject again! So
John’s breath escaped in a great gust, and he met Sherlock’s gaze with wide eyes. Sherlock deduced it in an instant—a slow smile spread across his lips, and he started to laugh, rumbling, rolling chuckles that brought out John’s own higher laugh as he finally let the tears flow free. He launched himself at Sherlock and wrapped his arms around his neck, pressed his laughter into the softness of Sherlock’s dressing gown and let it all settle deep in his chest.
"Old friends of yours? What, from uni?"
BARCODE: 31743307698755
John rested a hand on Sherlock’s shoulder and leaned around him to pick up the bottle, turning it about to study the label.
/ 3:44 PM
To: harrywatson@email.co.uk                                              18 Jan 2017  |  12:47
Whatever that means
Subject: sorry
From: john.h.watson@email.co.uk
"And just how far is it going to go, John?" Sherlock murmured hotly in his ear. "How far is too far?"
We’ve got her perfectly cared for, thanks. There’s no one safer for her in the world than Sherlock.
“Because, Sherlock—”
What did it mean? In precise terms, not the vague unspoken dialect they’d shared for years. What
me to say?”
I just need
Mummy’s face hardened. “Nonsense. You will be together for Christmas if I have to grow wings and fly him here myself. Where is he coming from?”
The effect was… good. Sherlock let a bit of smugness pull at the corner of his mouth as he picked his phone up off the bathroom counter and turned it over in his hand once, twice. Maybe he could send John a picture. Let John know what he was missing. Would that be weird? Perhaps not if he got his parents into the shot, or—
"Go give that to Lestrade, then come find me. If you're still absolutely miserable, we'll go," he said, tapping the rim of his glass against Sherlock's with that tiny, mysterious smile he'd worn so often of late. "I'm off to find Molly. Be nice to people, please. It's Christmas."
29 January 16:04
020 7421 8594
Counsellor / Psychotherapist
Greg and Molly were (unsurprisingly) the first ones to leave the party around eight o’clock, feigning an early night due to work commitments. Sherlock rolled his eyes, but for once kept his mouth shut, leaving them to slip away for their night of sex in peace. Mrs. Hudson left next, needing to catch her ride to her sister’s house, leaving them all with happy Christmas wishes and kisses on the cheek. The others trickled out over the next fifteen minutes, including Mycroft, until finally only John, Sherlock, and his parents remained, lounging in their chairs and on the couch.
Subject: (no subject)
/ 20:07
John took in Sherlock's flushed and breathless appearance, trying to decide how to take it. Go home because he was embarrassed? Because John had crossed the line?
“No,” Sherlock gasped, shifting with restless need as the head of John’s prick dragged between his arse cheeks. John smirked.
Sherlock turned up his coat collar with a snap and lifted his chin. “Oh, I suppose we could oblige. It is the holidays, after all.”
How in the world can you have known him for seven years and still think he would ever have any interest in a woman? That boy is as gay as he is gorgeous, and we both know what you think of that.”
These are all unbetaed and basically unedited, but this one even more so than the others. Sorry!
Marylebone Library
“Mary, this isn’t a good time. Sherlock is still—”
, and pushed his face farther into the cold, smooth leather of the couch. It lessened the (admittedly delicious) smell of bacon hanging heavy in the air, which was tempting, but he refused to admit defeat.
Somehow the bare bed was the worst of it all. The sitting room had been the core of their life together, something that had been wrecked and crumbling for years, but the bed—it was the only part of the flat that was completely about Sherlock. If the last bed in a flat was packed up, then it was well and truly vacant.
idea what he's like in a relationship, but I hope I get to find out. I love him. Completely."
John wrenched his eyes from Sherlock’s arse to his shining eyes and wicked, laughing mouth.
You can’t tell him until you can believe that. Tell yourself over and over until you believe it. And when you don’t, call me and I’ll tell you. Okay?
John and Sherlock have not been without their own small stumbles during this honeymoon period. John still struggles with negative self-talk, and Sherlock is “still tiptoeing around me, like he’s expecting me to take everything away and leave him again.” I assured them that none of this is unusual, and their personal healing journeys will be lifelong processes. I’ve encouraged them to continue practicing compassion both toward each other and themselves, to acknowledge these hesitations and seek their source, then work toward forgiveness. It will be difficult at times, but they are utterly committed.
Sherlock flushed and tapped the fingers of his right hand against his thigh as the ball of tension that was John Watson moved closer. Iain raised an eyebrow at him.
John took one last ragged breath and dropped the prescription bag still clutched in his hand onto the bedside table. Mycroft had thought to include a needle and sterile wipes, thankfully, because John couldn’t quite bring himself to check that the needles in his spare medkit were still there. He took Sherlock’s right arm and rubbed at the crook of his elbow with the alcohol wipe, his eyes tracing constellations between old injection sites and new. Sherlock stirred, cracked his eyes half open, but didn’t fight John as he palpated the area, filled the needle, and slipped it into Sherlock’s vein with whatever scraps of cool proficiency he could muster. Sherlock sighed, then groaned as the naxolone took effect once again, his respiration returning to normal but the withdrawal symptoms intensifying.
A biting kiss into the side of Sherlock’s neck drove a cry from his throat, and he grabbed John’s arse with both hands, thrust up hard.
I have to go. I’ll be late.
John hesitated, rubbing the soft material of Sherlock’s shirt between two fingers. Might be best not to rush him. “I can still share the upstairs bedroom with Rosie for a while yet, but eventually—”
“Lie back,” he said, cupping a hand behind Sherlock’s shoulder and easing him down, feeling the tremors rack his lean frame. Steeling himself, he brought his hands to the front of Sherlock’s trousers, flicked open the clasp and drew down the zipper. Swift, businesslike. Detached. He slid the fine fabric down Sherlock’s long legs and folded the trousers, then helped Sherlock wiggle his way under the duvet.
“I’m not going to put my hands on you again until I’m sure… until I’m
But really, i’m doing a lot better these days. Six months sober is a big anniversary. I’m serious about wanting to be able to be there for Rosie. And for you. About the drinking… for me, I had to cut off completely. I couldn’t have just a little. You aren’t as far down the rabbit hole as I was, so I’m hoping that will work for you. I know you can do this, Johnny. Call or text me every day and tell me what you’ve had to drink. In my group we pair up with accountability buddies and it really helps, having someone to report to every day.
Sherlock huffed and flopped onto his back, squirming against the irritation of clothes, of the squeaky couch leather, the smells he didn’t want. Too much. He needed out of the Johnless 221B.
The man snorted. “Oh, yeah? Is it? That mean you’re acknowledging my existence?”
We’ve skived off for a week away at the beach with Rosie to celebrate our new family status. She loves the sand and the water, even though it’s still bloody cold. When we get back we’re leaving again, just the two of us, for another week or so away somewhere outside of England. We’ll resume taking cases when we get back, which will be whenever we feel like it. We’ve earned a break.
We're back to single chapters for a while. This is another of those chapters that might look bad on mobile, so desktop viewing is recommended.
Mobile: 40/mo
N. Lanceton
You can shove right off, you horrible woman. Why John didn’t block you years ago I will never understand. You are wonderful parents, boys, don’t you listen to her
Poem: The Failed Romantic Contemplates Suicide by Jeff Mann
/ 11:47 AM
He took Sherlock's hand and squeezed, just once.
Suicidal [  ]  Homicidal [  ]  Self-Injury [  ]
No I don’t. Never mind
anything. He’s always like that. Nothing has happened. Not… really.” He looked away.
3 - You and John
/ 4:05 PM
“Where the hell did you even find that thing?”
,” he demanded, then let out a distressed groan when John removed his fingers.
John lifted his free hand and rested it on Sherlock’s hip, his thumb stroking through his shirt along one sharp hip bone. Sherlock’s breath caught, stuttered in his lungs—then gave way to a flood of courage.
“No. Unless you’re going to say a kiss, a card that includes the words ‘I’m in love with you’, or you’re planning to put a bow on your own head, John doesn’t want it, and
/ 12:19
Never again, John. This is important. The most important thing I will ever say to you.
wanted more, and it’s so hard to deny it when I’m here. It’d be even worse if I were here all the time, if I had no separation. And it wouldn’t work forever anyway. There are only two bedrooms, and Rosie will need her own eventually, so unless Sherlock and I… I’d have to move out yet again, and I don’t want to put us through that. I won’t.”
"I'm sorry," he hissed in Sherlock's ear. "I should have warned you. Army talk is rather... crass."
Nope. We did my local, had to do yours, too. Not that you've ever been.
:  Appropriate [X]  Minimal [  ]   Rambling [  ]   Frantic [  ]   Tangential [  ]   Halting [X]   Other [  ]:
The Officer’s Lounge at New Scotland Yard was the perfect spot for a casual office holiday party. A small kitchen for easy food service, a long countertop that made for a perfect impromptu bar, and a crackling fireplace to set the mood. The atmosphere hummed with good cheer and comforting warmth, enough to forgive the loud clash of brightly-colored Christmas jumpers and overly-loud laughter.
“You were right, Doctor,” he murmured. “This walk did wonders for my symptoms.”
This is inspired by, but is in no way related to, the
Mycroft blinked. “I can, if you can get her to agree to a sample collection. You have… doubts?”
“Fine. Just… looking for my toothbrush.”
I’m glad you came to me with this thing you’re going through though. We queer kids gotta stick together. Our phone calls have been great, but this is the most we’ve actually TALKED about stuff that matters in… years.
Into his room, under his bed. Smooth, cool bottle in his hand. Into the kitchen, two glasses, side by side on the counter. Into the fridge to chill for ten minute. No, too long, not enough time to let it come back up to serving temperature. Back out. One long finger down the neck of the bottle. A moment.
John set Billy the Skull atop the mantel and felt a piece of himself slot back into place.
I'm playing fast and loose with UK adoption law as it applies to step-children because they seem to really want to you go to their in-person sessions or talk with a solicitor, and thus don't provide the best level of information online. I've represented things as best I can (with Mycroft's considerable interference).
Is this about sherlock, finally?
John hurried to check on Sherlock the second he set foot in the flat, only to find the man struggling into a fresh vest as it clung steadfastly to his damp body. John averted his wandering eyes. The shower did seem to have refreshed him a bit, though the second he was fully dressed he flopped face-first back onto the bed and curled onto his side, the perfect image of a stroppy detective without a case. It was a cover, of course, but one familiar enough that the corner of John’s mouth tugged ever so slightly upward.
The last letter I got from you...
/ 01:41
and when their tongues curled hot and insistent together Sherlock groaned and broke off, pressing his forehead to John’s.
Fireguard for the fireplace
Sherlock’s eyes darted over his face, taking in everything, then squeezed his eyes shut in a grimace of pain.
“You already knew my opinion on this when you texted me this morning, Sherlock. I’m not sure why you thought it would have changed in the past few hours.”
He reached up and adjusted Billy the Skull on the mantel, then gave him an affectionate pat and disappeared into the bedroom to change. John watched him go, and let the thrum of adrenaline-danger-excitement-anxiety spread over his skin, to the tip of every finger. Muscles at full readiness, disaster response engaged, fight-or-flight, ready to face anything.
His parents had sent a photo card again, one of their yearly traditions. The two of them stood in their sitting room before the fireplace, arms around each other’s waists, smiling bright for the camera that had undoubtedly been wielded by Mrs. Thompson next door. It was a thoroughly ordinary photo, nothing unusual, other than the frighteningly intelligent woman pictured and the man who managed to put up with her, deceptively clad in horrific Christmas jumpers.
Wash and replace sheets in JHW’s room
Before long, he drifted back into a restless sleep.
“Absolutely brilliant,” he breathed into the inches between them when Sherlock crowded him up against the side of a building, one hand propped on the wall over John’s shoulder and breathing hard while they waited.
To really figure it out I’d have to date and sleep with more men, now that I’m out of the army and have my head in the right place. And I don’t want to do that. I want HIM, for the rest of my life.
And with that, she whirled away and disappeared down the stairs, leaving behind a blushing John and a stiff, awkward Sherlock.
I didn’t mean to. As soon as it happened I had an immediate crisis of ‘I don’t do that anymore, I left that back in Afghanistan, it was just the convenience,’ and so on. I was a bit of a slag in the army, I’m embarrassed to admit. Had something of a reputation for being willing to get on my knees.
Sherlock shifted in his chair and knocked his foot against John's under the table with a pleading expression.
A violinist
John let his hand fall away from Sherlock, suddenly needing distance. He propped his hands on his hips and spoke to Sherlock’s chest.
This is the second update for today, so make sure you didn't miss Chapter 21! Back to your regularly scheduled one-chapter-per-day updates tomorrow!
From: harrywatson@email.co.uk
The bomb silently went off between them, scattering fire and wreckage throughout the sitting room.
“So, what do you think your parents have planned for tonight? Anything special? New Year’s Eve traditions?”
Now you have married ones of your own, Martha! I think there’s a dinner party in our future...
(See the end of the chapter for
I’m not using again, if that’s what you’re worried about, so—
"If I fucked you right here in this alley, do you think Lestrade could throw out the ASBO?"
At the end of our session, I thanked John for his comments about mental health in both his press conference and blog post from last week. They are yet more evidence of his new openness and healing, and I’m pleased to see him passing that healing on to others.
Thank god
The restaurant wasn’t their usual style, and John was painfully aware. The decor of The Dairy was hipster rustic, with simple wood tables, exposed brick, and bare bulb light fixtures with dark metal piping and wire. The menu had strange combinations of flavors and ingredients, as did the drinks, but thankfully Sherlock caught on as soon as he glanced at the tasting menu.
If he gave it all away, he’d be free.
Well, Molly’s a very intelligent woman.
John closed his eyes and sighed internally. So much for brief and polite. He gathered himself and nodded, accepting Brian’s blazing glare.
“NO, Sherlock.” Familiar anger, a hot surge. John forced himself back a step, redirected the tension in his fists and arms to calm the ache in his heart. “I have something I need to say. And I need to know that you understand, that this isn’t an excuse, and it’s doesn’t make this okay. Can you do that for me?”
If you want more, Sherlock…
“Do you want to come like this?” Sherlock asked, pulling off just long enough to suck a bruise into the inside of John’s thigh. “In my mouth while I swallow you down?”
“Sherlock, look, this is your father’s favorite Christmas movie!” Mummy called. “Turn over and watch it with us. I’ll make you some breakfast.”
Mental Health Foundation:
[...]
/ 12:08 PM
“Not… quite yet,” he finally answered. He spun the stem of the wine glass between his forefinger and thumb for a moment, acknowledging the nervous habit and allowing himself the small, anxious outlet. “There’s something…”
The case came at the perfect time.
Counting heartbeats.
Sherlock clutched the edge of the worktop with his eyes closed, taking breath after breath into lungs that refused to feel full. John’s gentle scuffling footsteps through the ceiling above played a rhythmic counterpart: over to the dresser, back to the bed, creak of the mattress. The wine glasses sat atop the counter, still and waiting, empty, awaiting the wine’s flushed red touch.
Why couldn’t you? We did
Sherlock fell into a restless sleep after only a few short minutes, his breaths puffing gently against John’s jeans. John took his pulse one last time for reassurance, then forced himself to back away from Sherlock and slip from the room.
You are most welcome, brother mine.
John’s voice was low and dangerous beside him. Sherlock kept his eyes fixed on the door, didn’t turn around.
And you gave me Rosie. I will be thankful for that for the rest of my life. I will make sure to give her all the love I was never able to give to you. She’ll grow up surrounded by love. I’ll take care of her and love her and teach her and protect her, and you know what?
He couldn’t finish the question.
going to be on the same page about what we want. I can’t move back here and have everything go back to the way it used to be,” he said, his voice breaking. “I can’t do that, it would kill me. I’ve been through too much, and caused everyone around me too much pain, and I would always want more, and I would eventually end up lashing out and hurting everyone all over again because I can’t have it.”
Just one chapter today. Please don't hate me! It was the only way it made sense to break it up. You're getting four tomorrow, so it all works out. <3
wasn’t around,” she said, and pointed a violent stab at Sherlock.
“So, why this particular wine?” John asked as he finished his final sip, tracing his tongue along the rim of the glass to catch the final drop. Sherlock followed the motion in a daze, entranced, until he realized he’d been asked a question.
John, we are so delighted to have you and Rosie as part of the Holmes family. We love both so much, and we can never thank you enough for making our son so happy. Kiss our grandbaby for us!
To: john.h.watson@email.co.uk                                            18 Jan 2017  |  14:38
Sherlock opened his mouth to protest, but Greg and John picked up the thread of the conversation and ran with it, chattering on about preparations for the party, gift buying, and any number of other festive topics. Sherlock was too lost in the feel of John’s strong hand still around his arm to bother resisting again. He smiled, his own small version of the cookies-John-
“I’ve been thinking about it, you know,” John said.
John kept a close eye on Sherlock throughout, watching for signs of exhaustion or discomfort, but the medication seemed to have restored Sherlock’s mastery over his transport. The only clue to his lingering symptoms was his reticence; when Sherlock snapped at John for daring to attempt to organize his books, John breathed his first true sigh of relief in days.
Chapter three of four for today. Make sure you didn't miss the others! One more very short one coming later.
Goodbye, Mary.
Okay, we’re very confused John!! Give us a call soon?? Big hugs to you and your beautiful baby!!! Xxxxxxxxx
"John, stop, please."
No, that’s still talking around it, and we’re trying not to do that.
John's heart sank. That sounded more likely, actually.
“I know we’ve only just met, John, but I hope you don’t mind me saying,” he began, shaking their hands once, firm, “but you're a bloody idiot, you utter tosser. You have no idea what you have."
[written on the last two sheets of leftover wedding stationary]
“Get the bloody lube and get your fingers in me
“Right here,” John answered, continuing the slow, rhythmic stroke over Sherlock’s side.
But once the idea was in his head, he couldn’t let it go.
John chuckled. “Yeah, I would have to pass on that.”
He huffed into the curve of John’s neck, frustrated. John took pity. He drew a hand slowly over Sherlock’s back in a gentle rhythm and steered the conversation back before Sherlock could withdraw.
He wrenched his focus away from the thought before it could take root—
[Print embossed on heavy stock, then framed, matted, and left on a table at the reception]
Or a glass of wine or a 30 year Glen McKenna or whatever it is you posh kids drink
But they don’t. They really don’t, and definitely not as often as I have.
Because I never left
John stood there, holding the heavy wooden door open with his good shoulder so he could rub his bare hands together for warmth.
“Stop. Stop right there.”
, John!” Sherlock insisted.) We discussed their plans and the adoption process, which seems to be the biggest source of their anxiety. They are nervous about having a stranger in their home to evaluate them because they aren’t “normal” parents, nor do they live anything close to a “normal” life. A family member of some influence has assured them that their caseworker will be sympathetic, but “I still can’t shake the feeling of being judged. We love her, we take care of her, we keep her safe… what does anything else matter?”
The cab ride to the crime scene was no different than any other, Sherlock filling John in on the details of the case, though he did ball his hands into fists several times, as if testing out the gloves. No change in overall demeanor, though. No extra glances at John. No change in general proximity, or frequency of touch.
John, with this ring I am wholly yours. All that I am, I give to you. All that I have, I share with you. I promise to love you, to be faithful, honest, and loyal in all times and circumstances, and to hold our daughter in my heart always. May this ring be a constant reminder of my commitment to you both.
/ 11:04
“I was just about to bring up some biscuits for you three, but it seems awfully quiet up there right now.”
A tiny thing to help me cope with John's violence toward Sherlock in TLD. Past abuse and homophobia are referenced.
“Bed,” he demanded, and Sherlock groaned his agreement. John scooped both hands under Sherlock’s arse cheeks and hauled him up off the edge of the desk, then went in for another bruising kiss. Sherlock buried one hand in John’s hair and wrapped the other low around his back to guide their slow shuffle toward the bedroom.
"Well, that seemed a bit of an extreme reaction, even for him."
/ 12:01 PM
directed at
It’s full of us, Sherlock. It’s why I love it. Why Rosie does.
So she left me there, and I stayed for another hour and a half. I dove straight into the center of the dance floor and let their bodies cage me in, press against me, let them run their hands over me and want me and I teased them and ground my hips into them and pretended all the while that they were him, God, I
No, shut up, you complete bloody tosser,
A slow smile curled at the corner of Sherlock’s mouth, and he glanced up at John’s eyes for the briefest instant before looking down the street for a cab to hail.
“There’s plenty. Come on,” he said, sliding off John’s lap. He let his pyjama bottoms fall to the floor, stripped his shirt off, stared straight into John’s eyes... then turned and walked away. John’s gaze followed him the whole way to the stairs, the sway of his hips,
Is it possible to know this about yourself, and still not
Sherlock Holmes
“Thank you for choosing me,” Sherlock whispered.
I know.
"If you're sure... Sherlock... god... jesus, I can't think."
“I have. It didn’t go well at the time. Not the sex, that part was… hmm, more than fine. The dating part, I mean.” He traced a finger over the curve of Sherlock’s ear. Hesitated. “I think it’d go much better these days.”
Thank you for being here today. In being invited to witness this ceremony, know that you are loved and valued by these two men who share their lives with few, but deeply.
“Will you be with me?” John asked, so quiet that at first he wondered if Sherlock could hear him. One look at his face confirmed, though—back to that wide-eyed shock, back to lips parted and quickened breaths and intense, focused attention. John leaned forward in his chair and the rest came spilling out, uncontrolled and desperate.
or tea  (not so much the drinking, but the making of it, for me. Good when I’m a little bit angry, not so much when I’m out of control)
John tightened his hold again, for an entirely different reason.
And you
SO GREAT to see you posting again, John!! Sounds like Sherlock was brilliant as always!!
?” he demanded, but his mother waved him off dismissively.
A tiny ficlet written immediately after the airing of The Six Thatchers.
A knock interrupted his thoughts. “Sherlock? Are you going to eat any of this bacon before I put it away?”
“Trying to feed me up, Doctor?”
I just have some stuff to work through
DUE DATE: 15/02/2017
Towel
Even as Sherlock’s eyes took in the details of the soldier before him, his heart sent out a pulse of light; recognition.
The scenery along the roads leading to the Holmes house was undoubtedly beautiful. Evening sun spilled across the horizon, alighting on cottages and cows to paint a charmingly rustic scene. A sunny winter day was a rarity in England, one to be savored.
: Appropriate [  ]   Inappropriate [  ]   Flat [  ]   Volatile [X]   Blunt [  ]   Bright [  ]   Subdued [  ]   Other [  ]:
Sherlock stopped dead in his tracks. “Ah, actually, I’ve just remembered a critical mold experiment that I really—”
The tension eased.
And while John rehearsed a hundred different ways to say “I love you” in his mind, Sherlock finally did roll over in his sleep, tucking himself into John’s side with a contented sigh.
/ 11:43 AM
https://www.westminster.gov.uk/libraries
Is this really a date? Am I imagining
With a quizzical look, Sherlock reached into the bag and removed the gloves, stitched from supple black leather and more expensive than anything so small had a right to be. They were lined with the softest material John had ever touched, and they had tiny metallic threads sewn into the fingertips so Sherlock could still use a touchscreen without removing the gloves. Practical for someone who
23/1/2017
That must…
Sherlock closed his eyes and leaned more heavily against the eyepiece of the microscope, willing his breath to be normal, damn it. It made sense, addressing the envelope that way. They both lived in 221B. They both would be there for Christmas. It didn’t mean anything.
ABF The Soldier’s Charity:
11:00 AM
“It’s a lot to ask,” he finally said. “Sherlock didn’t sign up to have a baby around all time, nor did you—”
[Wide shot of the assembled wedding guests sitting around a long rectangular table. John Watson-Holmes and Sherlock Watson-Holmes sit in the center of one side, one arm slung around each other. Molly Hooper sits across the table from them with Rosamund Watson-Holmes in her arms. Greg Lestrade, seated to SH’s right, stands and call for attention]
Thank you, John.
I’ll tell you the rest at the pub
. Sherlock allowed a tiny smile to pull at his mouth when John stepped up behind him, pyjama pants whispering against the rug.
“Could be,” Lestrade said, then edged closer to murmur, “but considering the way he’s staring at your arse right now, I wouldn’t bet on it. Good luck.”
seriously, focus on breathing,
Amazing.
“Come on. Bottom’s up,” John said. He tapped his cup against Sherlock and tipped his entire thing back, drinking deeply.
“Well,” Mummy said, dabbing at her mouth. “Obviously her methods were terrible, but I’m sure those people had something coming to them. Sherlock’s first boyfriend was like that, horribly controlling, I quite wanted to murder him myself.”
John kissed the smile right off his face and dragged him to the shower for round two.
Sherlock nodded and turned away, not trusting himself to speak. He wanted to slide closer, put his hand on the small of John’s back again, see if he would press himself close like before. He was flushed with warmth, though, and the fire had caught well, throwing off waves of heat. He no longer had the excuse of warming up by the fire after a chilly winter evening case, the icy bite having faded completely from his body in the wake of
And she patted Sherlock on his bright red flushed cheek.
A quick glance to his right; Sherlock lay flat on his back, grinding the heels of his hands into his eyes, his mouth twisted into a trembling frown. Some sick blend of pained, fearful, sad. Sherlock shook his head, rocking across the pillow, again and again. A small gasp—a sob? Yes, tiny, barely repressed sobs, hitching his breath every few seconds. John’s mouth wobbled, and he put his worst fears into his next text.
Jenkins's eyes nearly bugged out of his head as Sherlock shook everyone's hands. "Damn, Watson. You've done well for yourself! Fancy doctor, posh detective in your bed, face in the paper, adoring fans reading your blog. Can't believe you're the same dirty army boy who spent half his tour—"
I already have a minder for Rosie, and I’ve made reservations at Angelo’s.
/ 12:11 PM
John felt himself go green as his stomach turned.
I’m feeling a lot lighter these days. For a lot of reasons.
/ 11:28
/ 11:49 AM
John felt it like a stab to the gut.
From: john.h.watson@email.co.uk
/ 01:37
Well, I suppose it’s official now. Congratulations, I guess.
Okay, well
We ended our hour by following up on last session’s discussion about physical violence and anger management. John agreed that he would feel safer and more comfortable around his best friend if he were to complete the course and requested a referral for the first possible opening. We were able to secure him a spot in a 12-hour class beginning this Friday. John hesitantly offered that he has suspicions about the source of his violent tendencies toward his best friend, but we unfortunately did not have time to have a complete discussion this session. We will begin our next session by discussing his father’s abusive behavior and exploring this topic further.
After several minutes of bumping elbows while brushing teeth and fighting over dressing gowns, Sherlock and John met in front of the bedroom door. John leaned up to press a kiss against Sherlock’s waiting mouth and squeezed his hand.
I will.
“Now,” she continued, “champagne with breakfast, I think. A toast for our boys. What do you say, Father?”
Gift giving. Quality time. Words of affirmation. Physical touch.
Sherlock, get up.
“No, John. I know now that it’s better for me to… stay. That dying for you will cause you just as much pain as whatever I’m trying to save you from. And besides, now that I have you, and our daughter, I have more than enough reason to—”
, breathing. Sherlock’s head swam with the smoky scent of scotch, the imagined slide of John’s mouth on his, and his breath huffed out in a little sigh that fogged up the interior of the glass with his heat.
Y'all, I might... actually not do a smut chapter? I might skip straight to a parentlock epilogue? Or I might just be done and leave it here? I feel like it could end here. Your input is valued.
"John, you should know better than anyone how deeply that man cares for the people in his life."
Hey Molly
A pained moan startled John out of his daze, and he turned to check on Sherlock—but Sherlock stared back, observing his reaction, his expression carefully blank. John’s vision blurred, the tightness in his throat forcing out another horrid keening sound, and all his barriers broke, letting the thoughts spill out.
Takes one to know one, Johnny. Call it twin intuition or something. Twintuition?
. It had been a terrible idea to start, and John very nearly called and cancelled their reservations.
Anything for my niece.
, John. I can’t…
Thanks, everyone, for your overwhelming response to the writeup of the Culverton Smith case. It was a nasty one, and we’re still recovering in some ways. I left out a lot of the truly horrible parts. That case will be with us for a long time, to be sure.
An unbearably endearing grin interrupted John’s words, and he had to visible force himself to stop smiling so hard so he could continue. “—even though you always rehearsed the Sugar Plum Fairy part, too, because it was the most challenging, and because you thought the girl who always danced it was horrible.”
If motion were impossible, though, there would be no such things as airplanes. And though the lumbering gray jet was like an elephant hanging in the sky (impossible, mind-bending), it flew all the same and carried impossible people onward to ground and to home. Without motion there would be no departure time. No arrival time. No leave for weary soldiers.
<<<End Summary>>>
a novel experience?
Sherlock’s stomach and chest sang with the warmth of the wine and the driving heat of John’s kisses. Their mouths met in between sips of wine, their tongues twisting together with flavors of cherry and plum, their lips curved into shy smiles in between.
“No.”
"But we already are exactly who we are supposed to be."
Thanks as always to wiscolina for the beta read.
(...)
: You’re right, John, there’s no use explaining my methods in detail.
He rambled cheerfully for nearly ten minutes before I was finally able able to get a word in. As soon as I asked after John, it was as if he stumbled. His entire manner fell away and became awkward. Then he apologized, which was so out of character for Sherlock I was truly taken aback. He explained that he and John have been exchanging letters and have promised to be more honest with each other, and that he’s been trying to apply that to the rest of his life as well.
Iain took another step into the room. “Would have been by sooner, but you never answered my fucking texts, you cunt.”
Spending money: 100/mo
Extra nappies
“Quickly, John, the capture of this man’s murderer depends on your assessment of this camel’s wounds,” Sherlock said with a gesture to the body on the nearest slab. “Start with the right flank.”
“Why would I do such a thing?”
believe that people deserve to be happy and have good things and live even if they’re idiots. But you
Sherlock had gotten them this far. John would take them the rest of the way.
John has refrained from drinking entirely since our last appointment. He continues to lose sleep while processing all the changes in his life and thinking of Sherlock, but nothing out of the ordinary.
Just two chapters today.
Sherlock wondered what kind of wine would go with biscuits, and whether it was too soon for an early Christmas gift.
I wish I’d made you feel more comfortable confiding in me.
29 January 16:05
We'll just add that godforsaken letter to the list of things I have to apologize for
He bled light in a pool around them, spilling and draining.
Both men are well-rested, clean, healthy, and in good spirits.
09:21:37 to 09:24:56
"Thank you, John," Sherlock finally said.
Take a leap.
With a high, pained whine, John’s hands flew to Sherlock’s waist and slid around to his back, grabbing handfuls of shirt to pull their bodies close. The kiss deepened, every press and give and take full with all the years, all the pain, all the
And instead it’s you fishing for gossip like a bloody teenager
Appropriate [X]   Inappropriate [  ]   Flat [  ]   Volatile [  ]   Blunt [  ]   Bright [X]   Subdued [  ]   Other [X]: Determined
It was hateful, and he so desperately wished John were there to mitigate the terrible mundanity of it all.
/ 3:37 PM
17 June 15:35
This is the last of four chapters posted today. Make sure you saw chapters 51, 52, and 53! See you tomorrow. <3
of tension and wanting into the sweet, slow motion of their lips. Their bodies aligned, hummed with the perfect harmony of their hips together, John’s fingers as five points of steadying pressure in the small of his back where his skin thrummed with the contact.
That was downright uncomfortable
BARCODE: 31743308414196
John could swear he teleported straight into the car. One second he was there, about to say
You may have noticed that the chapter count has gone up. *cough* Sorry if you were hoping this was the end. See end notes for additional important things. Thanks as always to wiscolina for the beta!
Sherlock let his hands fall away from his face and rolled his head to look at John with red, shuttered eyes.
The sitting room was silent but for the dull background hum of the refrigerator. Sherlock, too, had succumbed to the pull of sleep and was sprawled on the sofa with his blue dressing gown flowing off his body. His head was tipped back and to the side, exposing his long throat, and his shirt had ridden up to reveal one sharp hipbone, the tantalizing dip of—
“That was why, John,” he said, and sealed their mouths together again, hard, then broke away to babble, “That was the only reason, you were married, I’d just let you go and he looked so much like you—”
Mrs. Hudson nodded emphatically. "Exactly. And it's incredibly common. A lot of people don't even realize that a lot of their gripes with their spouses, friends, and family all come down to a simple miscommunication on a very basic level."
29 January 14:56
Sherlock growled, actually
I can’t believe we finally had this fight in a public park.
/ 11:51 AM
A+ to those who called it. My original plan was to leave it there for the day, but since I bumped everything up by one chapter yesterday, you'll be getting one more today. <3
is a real place with real bees. I've never been there and I know nothing about the sous chef other than what's mentioned in
/ 01:42
Just the one chapter today. <3 See end notes for important credit!
Can’t believe I just came out to a room full of strangers
: 21/1/2017
It’s perfect. I love it. I love
Little but for this one thing, this thing that mattered more than all of it combined.
Anything but holding her, changing her, feeding her, minding her…
In the week since our last session, Sherlock has attacked his self-care assignments with the single-minded focus he applies to all his experimental pursuits. He arrived at his appointment with a folder full of notes, analysis, and charts, with full citations. He has kept a log of his food intake (still largely takeout and toast, but more frequent), charted his sleep (irregular, but increased), and created a very detailed spreadsheet with various activities and their associated pleasure rating. He’s even done a variety of statistical analyses on his data to account for variables such as the presence of friends, amount of sleep, etc. He has come to realize that he’s been harshly judging himself for enjoying anything other than mental pursuits, and is now willingly seeking emotional and physical pleasure as well. He provided quite a lot of information on the latter topic. With more spreadsheets.
Mycroft sat, wary.
“I’m embarrassed to admit, I’m not sure I could even call my first boyfriend a
If all went well, they would both get what they wanted.
29 January 13:18
John snatched up the nearest pen and clicked it open. “Absolutely.”
Sherlock flushed and cut his eyes away. “Possibly.”
Her death and her presence in his life had become quite entangled in his mind. When I suggested that it was possible to not want her dead, but also to not want her in his life, John was visibly startled. I also suggested that perhaps he had already processed a good deal of his grief over losing her and what she represented when she ██████████████
Appropriate [X]  Distracted [  ]  Short [  ]  Perservative [  ]  Intense [  ]  Other [  ]:
Bad memories associated
Thanks.
“Your army friends are welcome back to town anytime they like.”
As I walk by your side or sit near, or remain in the same room with you,
, tucked away in taped up boxes. No lab equipment, no files, papers, illegally-kept police evidence; no dishes on the shelves in the kitchen, no kettle on the counter. Sherlock’s violin, sealed up in its case and resting atop a box marked
(See the end of the chapter for
Spit it out
“I haven’t been for a very long time, John.”
/ 11:53 AM
What is it, Sherlock? You can say.
John had hardly been gone for two full seconds before Lestrade pounced. The DI appeared at Sherlock’s side, beer in hand, and made a show of warming himself by the fire for a brief moment before turning to Sherlock with a twinkle in his eye.
Much love to you all. Thank you for reading. <3
(...)
[JW closes his eyes and grins, looks away, then presses his lips together and looks back up at SH. For a second he sways closer, then he takes a deep breath and two steps back]
, and the wanting was a fearsome thing.
John,” Sherlock said, exasperated.
Mrs. Hudson shook her head sadly and began to clear the dinner dishes.
Has John seen this one? May have worn while high…
Sherlock shoved his pyjama bottoms and pants down just far enough to give John access to his cock, then none-too-gently did the same for John. Cold air, warm body, Sherlock’s
He trailed off, pursed his lips, then glanced at John. That answered the question about the scars, then. John squeezed his eyes shut and swallowed past the ache in his throat, and his hands moved of their own volition. Cool satin under his fingers, cotton under that, and beneath it all, John imagined he could feel the ridges, pits, ragged edges of scars burning into his fingertips, telling the story of time so horrible Sherlock would rather die, rather
/ 12:15
He should pour the scotch out.
The car had barely come to a stop when the front door opened. Mummy Holmes came out first, wrapped in a shawl and heading straight for Sherlock’s side of the car. Father followed close behind in his shabby brown jacket, and he wrapped John in a hug the second his car door closed behind him.
I think he’s drunk. er. Drunker.
And yet.
“Can you arrange for an expedited paternity test?”
Boxes piled high. Bare furniture, wiped clean. Empty bookshelves.
/ 12:34 PM
: Mr. Holmes and Dr. Watson, can you speak to the ongoing rumors about a romantic relationship between the two of you?
"Please take me home, John," Sherlock whispered in his ear, hot breath and the words themselves sending a shiver down John's spine.
From: harrywatson@email.co.uk
Sorry, Mrs. Hudson.
John’s smile turned dirty under Sherlock’s mouth. He wrapped a hand around the back of Sherlock’s neck and yanked him down so his words hummed straight into Sherlock’s ear.
Duvet, horribly wrinkled from being forced into a too-small box, over the bed with the left side folded down. Pillows in their slip cases, three of them, still carrying the faint indescribable scent of a warm, sleepy Sherlock. The door to the bathroom opened as John arranged the pillows on the bed, precisely as Sherlock had always kept them during the months of recovery after his gunshot. John turned to find Sherlock, pale and trembling, his shirt half unbuttoned, leaning against the door frame.
John nodded back, an acknowledgement, a thanks. One way or another, they were taking this step into a new reality.
/ 12:19
Rosie has discovered climbing. I have no idea what to do about her cot. How did I end up with a monkey for a child? (18/1/17)
“I want to move back in,” he repeated, “but I have a condition.”
Utilities: 224/mo
you, Sherlock. She lied. She was an assassin, for Christ’s sake. Why should I go back to that?”
I did have one drink just to help loosen up, and it’s not okay and it’s not a good thing, but it helped me relax enough to let go, and once I let go it felt so right that I don’t think I’ll need that relaxing drink ever again. I can’t believe I’ve been drinking this away for years. I feel like a fool, like I’ve missed out on so much… but it’s not too late to have the one thing I truly want.
Two chapters today! Check back later. :)
. Please go leave some love! I appreciate this so so so much. <3
course of action John had picked up on—the practical one, or the desired one? Both were dangerous in this case, so Sherlock opted for the more emotionally neutral option.
"No, no, just us," Molly said cheerfully, swirling into the dining room with a glass dish of... something marshmallowy. Call-me-Jane clapped in delight.
what losing him—”
Another box: a duvet and pillow covers. He set them aside.
I’ve got your back
“We’ll be ready in a moment, dear,” Mummy said. She didn’t react at all to the perfectly wrapped and labeled organs in the fridge as she slid the wrapped up bacon onto the relatively-clear top shelf. When she turned back to Sherlock, she gave him a thorough once-over.
Then the downstairs front door opened and shut, followed by a pair of familiar footsteps. Sherlock found John’s eyes across the room and grinned.
10 Harley St, Marylebone, London W1G 9PF | 020 7946 0337 |  thompson@etcounseling.co.uk
This is Mrs. Hudson again, by the way. I’ll figure this out one day!
