Dean shrugged, obviously relieved by the change.
. How did you even manage to come up with something like that?"
"So it's Cas? He's, uh, back?"
Sam and Cas are staring at him, relief obvious on their faces.
"Did you hear my prayer?"
It was barely noticeable at first, a quiet and fuzzy yet loud and sharp sound almost, reaching out to his grace. Finding every scar that had ever been left, every little scratch, every imprint other souls had left on him.
Where there had been the Empty before, now there was, well, emptiness. Or not exactly. His surroundings were changing, landscapes flew past like he was looking out a train's window, colours morphing into houses, people, animals.
"Sure thing, Sam."
"Well technichally you
Cas could feel Dean withdrawing from the dream, the scenery fading until he was surrounded by darkness.
He shot Sam a thankful glance, moving away from him as quickly and discreetly as possible. The muscles in Cas' shoulders had never been this tense, like a string ready to snap. Dean's rambling didn't help.
There was panic welling up inside him and he almost missed the "Dinner first." Dean muttered before the room around him changed again, suddenly he was in a hallway in the bunker.
They looked at each other, Dean smile slightly awkward.
was weird. Everything was a brightened by a layer of colours.
Cas flinched up. Standing over him was a figure, tall and looming, mocking.
"Dean-"
He scoffed. That was a typically human thing to do. To believe in good things even when everything lay shattered in pieces at one's feet, it was stupid, really.
"So.. what are we gonna do now? I mean, Chuck is gone. We're free for the first time in our lives."
He let his gaze wander around the room again. It really did look an awful lot like the Dean Cave.
Cas could only watch as the mountains around them became one with the trees and the landscape blurred into something unrecognisable, the only constant being Dean's hopeful face.
when something's wrong, okay? Anything. I'll always be here for you."
He had removed his hand from Cas' cheek, now gesticulating wildly.
"Because that isn't the case, Sam. But you weren't
He was beautiful when he laughed, he was beautiful when he slept, when he played a board game with Jack, when he was exitedly talking about a movie. Cas imagined it would only intensify after being kissed thoroughly, lying under him, being–
"What you said... Cas, what you... Did you mean it?"
presence.
"You got my prayer. You got my prayer. Shit, Cas, I'm sorry. I just... I thought when you said... Look, I-"
"... but I guess you're right, I should at least try to get some sleep."
That is until Castiel saved him.
Suddenly there was silence. Castiel was falling. Through stars, galaxies, time even, not that he was aware of it, but there was not a single sound.
Everything was too loud, too bright, too
Even from behind his back Cas could see him scoff.
Did Dean really take his confession that badly? Was he so torn by the fact that his friend was in love with a man that he still hadn't quite recovered from it even after almost two weeks?
"So it's official? We're a couple now? Like an angel hunter couple?"
Get up, make breakfast, research, dinner, research, sleep.
Dean's outfit (minus pants and flannel):
. There was
But since when does he get what he wants.
Dean's eyes shot up, looking for the source of the weird feeling in his arm but finding nothing.
There was suddenly a voice coming from somewhere, neither of the boys aware of it.
A whimper escaped his lips. A whimper from someone else's voice.
It took Cas having sex with April and dying for him to realise that his feelings for the angel were more than just platonic.
I should probably mention that English isn't my native language so if there are any weird expressions let me know.
"After it took you I was paralised. I'm sorry I didn't try to get you back. I'm sorry."
But before Cas had a chance to answer there suddenly was a noise, no someone talking. It was very loud and seemed to come from everywhere.
Italic and underlined: Cas' thoughts Dean can hear
"Cas. Man, it's good to see you. I– I think I owe you an explanation. When you died, well, what you told me before that, rather, I think, I... I was a mess and I don't... I don't–"
Then the whole Naomi thing had happened. Forced to kill his best friend over and over and over again he struggled against her hold on him but something was preventing him from actually breaking it.
Somehow that simple sentence was enough to bring the panic back, stronger than before, taking him under, holding him down, making him curl in on himself even more.
Dean didn't know how long it had been until he finally managed to stand up.
"Yes, Dean. I want to be your boyfriend. If I haven't made it obvious enough yet."
They stood in silence for a few seconds until Dean decided to speak.
At first there was nothing wrong. Well, aside from the fact that he still didn't have a body and was watching Dean sleep, which Dean had complained about multiple times, but the urge to watch Dean whenever possible and protect him always won over his initial hesitation.
There was no air. He needed air, there was supposed to be air.
And so it continued, Dean living without
Truth was, Cas didn't know. But god he hoped so. He couldn't imagine what would happen if he wasn't. Something like this dream might have been a one time thing.
"Cas?! Castiel? Can you hear me? Cas?"
"Cas? Cas, you there, buddy? Come on, come on... Cas!"
"Awesome. We should probably find a way to figure out what's going on though, right? Research time. Yay."
He felt Dean's grogginess and mixed with his own sharp awareness it really made for an interesting feeling.
After that his memories went fuzzy, the only thing he was certain of was the feeling of victory and pain like he was being burned alive.
"So you're not just making this up because you can't cope with Cas being gone?"
Cas smiled.
Dean flinched like he'd been hit.
Wait, Cas had
Cas had settled down on a chair in the corner of Dean's room, inspecting the photos on the wall but quickly giving up on that pretense and just looking at Dean.
with Dean was enough. Like it didn't hurt everytime he looked at him.
Something was caressing him softly, coaxing him. It felt oddly familiar, like it was a part of him, something buried deep in his unconsciousness, warm like a lover's embrace after a stressful day. Cas didn't have the willpower to resist it when it pulled him out of the chair, he was too tired and it seemed to give him energy while simultaniously taking it from him.
When their lips touched it wasn't like fireworks. It was like lightning. Electricity running through their veins.
He jerks off in his room after.
repressing a part of himself over and over until he almost forgot about it.
And then he remembers. He remembers that praying to Cas is an option.
been expecting to find himself being pushed repeatedly against an invisible barrier. A being as old as the Universe itself straining and cursing his name.
Frankly it looked like the worlds you imagine when you're a child, a place without monsters, safe and wonderful. A place you imagine to escape the horrors of the real world. A safehouse.
And Dean envied them, he wanted to be like them, he wanted to feel okay with himself. But he couldn't. Because Dean wasn't allowed to have thoughts like that.
Cas' mind helpfully supplied and his heart sank. He didn't want to hear it now, didn't want to let his joy be diminished by the rejection he knew was going to come so he interrupted him.
There was rustling, more sniffing.
Suddenly there was a presence squeezing itself beside him, forcing him to pull back slightly. It was warm and Cas reveled in the feeling of being pressed against Dean's soul, it felt like coming home to a welcoming space after a long day. He relaxed immediately. So his mouth moving without him telling it to do so caught him offguard and he flinched slightly.
Dean Winchester started Castiel's downfall.
And so his search for the Winchesters started.
, Cas. I don't think two souls could destroy me this quickly. Oh and I'm pretty sure you don't even have a soul. No offense." An exasperated sigh was his only answer.
That was enough to make Dean's eyes snap back to his. Surprise obvious on his face. He'd never seen him so vulnerable.
"I hope you're still there. Sam said your body was alive so I guess I'll just hope..."
Get up, make breakfast, research, dinner, research, actually sleep.
Cas turned slowly, taking everything in when he heard Dean calling his name, clear as day and only a little panicked.
https://images.app.goo.gl/Rru34jt7cgoen88GA
Except he didn't.
Oh how he'd missed this. It felt like the first hug they'd shared in purgatory, every bit as good as it had when they'd not been in this strange land.
but he knew how the other would react to that. Still, Cas was content, happy even, to be held for the first time after what felt like years, finally letting himself relax.
"Do you expect me to curtsey now?"
"Dean. Look at me."
It was only then that he noticed he was back in his body, albeit dressed in a ridiculous pink ball gown and his usual askew tie.
Dean actually had the decency to look sheepish at that.
He groans and opens his eyes.
The mountains looked like dark chocolate covered in ice-cream, the trees like vaguely, well,
The tears had long since stopped flowing, his eyes red and dry from all the crying.
about it. Something that didn't have to do with Dean looking like a shadow of himself. Cas couldn't quite put his finger on it until Dean raised his hands to his face and let out a sob.
Instead he found himself sitting in... well, it wasn't quite a room, he supposed. The edges of some of the furniture were blurred, others impossibly sharp, the room something that might have been the Dean Cave if there weren't something just slightly
He could see the darkness looming at the edges of his visions, there were voices talking and it was too loud and too much and he just needed to get out, get away, run, run,
It's been a while...
"Cas, I understand if you-"
Dean smiled. It was endearing to see (and
“Good, that's how you should feel; this is your home,” Dean replied, taking Cas by the hand, “Let go see the rest of the castle, and I don't know about you, but I'm starving.”
‘Ok, you aren't cutting, are you?” Dean asked. He hated the idea of her hurting herself.
”Daddy, Stelly didn't do anything she wanted her bear, and I ripped it, ” Dean said, putting his head down he felt terrible for cutting the bear he knew it was her favorite. It was the first time she had something that was all her own.
”Yes, baby, but she is going to be ok, ” Cas said, looking at his baby boy.
bad, having Castiel do things for him... It was going to take a while to get used to the bot being in the house. Cas placed the glass of juice in front of Dean and stayed where he was.
Dean scoffed and turned back over. It wasn't going to happen, Dean kept telling himself in his head. And it was weird, a robot strictly made for sex. It was one thing to have the computer show you a virtual version; it was another to have a bot naked in your bedroom waiting to be used.
“I wasn't laughing at him, Daddy. I was laughing at what Jimmy said,” Willow replied with an eye roll. “I think he looks cool. Did it hurt to get your wing pierced? I have a friend who wants to get it done, but she's not sure.”
“Marv, I have told you to leave Ivy alone. She doesn't need you telling stories about her,” Meg said in a stern voice. It wasn't new for Marv to make up things about Ivy. They all knew she occasionally called out in her sleep, but that was not the same as talking.
“Let's go to my office and talk,” Cas said leading the way.
“Do you know why? What happened to her that she would change when restrained?’ Cas asked looking over the file on his desk.
Stella woke up from her nap, grumpy; she was alone and wet. She didn't like it; getting out of the bed, she made her way to the playroom sniffing the air seeing if Dean was around. She didn't smell anyone opening the door to the playroom; it was empty. Tears started to well in her eyes; how could they forget her? Was she being punished for being mad at Jimmy for kissing the maid?
“You could have put on something nicer,” Jimmy commented when he saw Cas coming down the steps.
”Good girl, so smart, ” Jimmy praised.
****************************
Clover centered chapter
“Dean, are you ready for lunch?” Wren asked, coming up from behind him.
Mary turned and looked at her son, her jaw dropped in shock at Dean's comment, “I am nice to Blue. She's the one who gets offended,” the older fairy replied.
There was one boy who wasn't like the other children at all. He was fascinated by the twins. He thought they were funny, and as they grew, he fell in love with Dean. He never feared his gift. Instead, he was in awe of it. He wished he knew what he was and what his gifts were.
"What?" Cas and Jimmy asked in unison.
“Thanks, Jo,” Dean said, not looking at her, “Ok I got you.” He whispered holding Ivy tight, as she sobbed into his neck.
“Yeah I guess, I’ll be back with Benny,” Dean said heading out not giving Cas a chance to say goodbye he was wondering if Dean was doing that on purpose of it he was just used to the other doctors dismissing him.
“I know, we already say, may sound stupid but not stupid,” Ivy frowned, folding her arms across her chest.
“They just flaunt their whatever in front of me like I don't notice,” Ash complained as he sat down.
“Oh, yes,” the man said, clicking the yes button.
Cas followed to keep a bit of distance between him and Dean; he wanted to comfort the other man and tell him how proud he was of Ivy even if he hadn't known her a couple of days. Dean made his way over to the line to get his food Cas close behind. They spotted Ivy and Benny while walking over, setting their tries down before pulling out their chairs.
”Sorry, would you like us to carry them in?” the man asked, looking a bit sheepish for being so rough.
“I met someone, I was supposed to go out with him tonight, but you nagged me to death about coming to family dinner,” Cas interrupted, making his way over to the drink cart pouring a shot, taking it before turning around, “What?” he asked seeing his family staring at him.
Stella nodded enthusiastically, Dean's smiled and picked up the puppy she gave him licks and looked at Stella.
“It was good to see her, I miss her man,” Benny said, he really wanted to take more time off for visits but i just seemed like his and Dean's schedules never lined up.
”Daddy?” Dean asked as they pulled into the driveway.
Two large changing tables took up one side of the room, on the other wall a giant crib big enough for the two of them, pillows and blankets in the corner by the books — toys on the shelves.
“Ash said you got up and left when he sat down,” Cas said. Ivy wasn't in trouble, but he didn't want to know if Ivy was avoiding Ash for some reason.
“A grand more,” Dean said pulling a number off the top of his head.
As they got closer to the kitchen, they heard a commotion, and two small foxes, one a deep purple and the other blue, came rushing out of the open door with two staff yelling.
”It's ok; babies get dirty when they are learning, ” Jimmy said, grabbing a wipe and cleaning off her dress.
Then the screen went black.
Harper started to say something but was cut off by the woman, “The pizza that takes the three of you to deliver,” she replied like they should know what she was talking about.
“You're still here?” Dean heard Clover ask from behind him, causing him to jump in surprise.
She started to write and then stopped and started again like she was trying to figure out what she wanted to say, “About master?’ she wrote.
*************************
“He thinks he is the scribe of God,” Meg said, a small chuckle in her voice. She liked all the patients but being the scribe of God always made her smile, “He likes stories; he doesn't care what they care about, so that may help.”
“Maybe I can photograph you,” Dean replied.
“So, Clover and Sam, do they get along? And what did she mean they took you away?” Cas asked when Dean joined him.
“I have been killing a lot of Angels lately,” Sam snapped back.
“If there's no more incidentes, even if Marv is bothering you I don't see why not sometime next week, ” Cas said, hoping that would make her happy. There were no notes of an eating disorder but Cas was sure if Dean didn't show up she would never eat.
”She knows what she wants, ” Cas said, turning his attention back to Dean, who was setting his blocks up.
“Where is she?” Meg asked concern and anger in her voice.
He was so close! He wanted it to last longer, he wanted to see how much of that the Omega could take, and much to his surprise, the boy was able to take all of it. The dildo was just as big as he was, and hearing the boy moan out in pleasure, working it in and out was too much.
"Y– you know? And 'It's okay.'? And you still left me?"
The realisation that it would be onesided had hurt, but it was still better than being alone.
"They look awesome, Cas. When you're out.of my head, can you, like, I don't know, summon them then or something? That would be amazing."
He'd pulled himself off, tried to walk to the car, to his phone, but his legs had given out about two steps from where he'd started.
He felt like he was witnessing everyone's life in seconds, blink once and gone.
"What happened, man? Are you okay? Where did you go, what happened to your deal? Did you-"
They'd spent all of yesterday on research about bodysharing, Grace and The Empty and found next to nothing. Of course the Men of Letters had three volumes on how to take someone's life with a fucking daisy but not on angel grace.
Sam says something to Cas and leaves.
Cas could practically feel Dean tense up and build a wall around himself.
A sharp pain on his face snapped him out of his panic, hand flying up to cover the sting.
He looked younger, innocent even, every trait he'd lost in hell suddenly back on his face, his soul pulsing with energy. Cas adored it.
"You really...?"
He took a deep breath. Now or never.
away from my –our?– neck, I'd really appreciate that."
Something about this entity had just shifted, its previously pleasant voice had changed, a sharp edge to it now.
As it turned out doing anything while sharing a body was weird. When he was eating he could taste a mix of bacon and something that were apparently molecules, according to the resident angel in his brain. When he had to go to the toilet he was overly aware of the presence at the back of his mind, even though Cas had promised to shut himself off while Dean was going through his morning routine. Hell, even
Unable to take another step Castiel fell to his knees, hands clutching at his ears, hopelessly trying to get his grace to work.
"Good to have you back."
To his fascination a string of light started extending itself from his 'body' and wrapped itself around Dean's arm.
He'd done it, hadn't he? He'd felt real happiness for the first time in years. For the first time it hadn't been overshadowed by an impending apocalypse looming over him, preventing him from ever truly relaxing.
So they'd done it, they'd defeated God. And apparently Jack was gone, too. Whatever that meant, he just hoped nothing too bad.
"Hm."
Thankfully Dean's next words managed to distract him from that quite well.
Instead of being with his brother, helping him make sure those people were okay, Dean was being pathetic.
Cas shook his head. He really would be lucky if Dean didn't send him away after they got him his body back. Things would change between them, he was sure. Even if Dean wanted them to continue being friends, there'd be less touches, maybe none at all. There would surely be no more movie nights with Dean falling asleep against his side. He suddenly felt nauseous.
But then he cuts too deep and there's so much blood and he's dizzy and he
He turned around and
been sitting here crying?
The first time the knife breaks his skin is exhilarating. It's sharp and painful and perfect. It's as close to grace as he's gonna get. Because face it, Cas isn't coming back.
While Cas had been caught up in his musings the person had closed a lot of the distance between them, Cas could make out his (because by the looks of it it was a man) clothes.
At first Cas couldn't make out any words, just the sound. Like a twisted and distorted version of Dean's voice. Foreign, yet oddly familiar.
Cas hadn't exactly expected Dean to jump in his arms and kiss him like there was no tomorrow, hell, he'd even expected him to pull away a little, but he'd thought that eventually they'd get past it, like they did with everything. He'd been prepared to give him space, no matter how much it hurt, but he hadn't expected this.
making this up, this is a dream, after all."
"Dean, I didn't leave you, I died."
After a minute of looking for a solution that didn't involve any sacrifices Cas decided it would be best to try being seen by Dean. He'd always had a stronger bond to him, after all, so maybe he would be able to at least communicate with him in some way.
Cas' vision blurred and his legs felt like they would give out any second.
Slowly Cas moved closer to him, for some reason afraid to scare him.
When he wakes up there's a hand in his, someone sitting beside his bed.
out. And then we'll figure out how to, uh, get you, Cas, out of you, Dean. I'll be in the library if you need me." And with that he took off.
He'd told himself that it came from being by himself for too long, his father always hunting, his brother gone, probably off to college to have the life Dean always wanted.
"What are you?"
"Fuck, Cas, what did you do to me?"
"Dean, what I said, I meant it. You're the one who made me care. I have feelings because of you, I can feel joy and sadness and everything else thanks to you, I
Castiel had gone through the years without knowing the extent of his feelings, unaware that his thoughts about pulling Dean closer and kissing him senseless were more than just mere curiosity about the intricacies of human relationships.
"And 'connected by a strong bond'? I mean what the hell does that even mean?" Another sigh.
Cas tightened his hold.
*peeks out from behind rock* Hello
The creeping shame comes afterwards, when he lies in bed, exhausted, guilt mixing with anger. And everytime he tells himself that this is it, this is the last time he'll sink that low, the last time he'll use his friend, that he'd stop.
a bit odd, it wasn't the same as when he'd talked before. It felt more like an echo or vibrations than spoken words. Again, there was a distortedness Cas couldn't quite place, like speaking through cotton or a pillow.
Cas could only pity those that didn't feel it.
Oh no.
"Good, thank you."
"Oh, good, so after that I fell, asleep, I guess. And then while I was dreaming of-" Dean shuffeled. "Not important, anyway. So I just kinda found Cas there. And now he's in here." He tapped his head.
Most of the time Dean would be in control but occasionally he would let Cas have a stretch while he curled up in the not Dean-Cave for the rest he didn't get at night.
When he came to his senses, there was a soft noise. It sounded like someone was crying. The wet sniffs seemingly deafening after his time in silence.
Comments always make my day👀
He really had missed Dean.
Muffled (because there really was no other word for it) irritation overcame him. Cas sighed.
They were...
For a second it seemed like it had vanished, but when it came back it was speaking words.
And suddenly he's hugging Cas and they're both shaking and there's tears on their faces and maybe, just maybe he'll get better. Maybe he'll make it like this.
Dean spun around, trying to find what had just given him a full body shudder but seemed to give up on that fairly soon and started running towards the library instead.
The voice of the man he loved more than anything else in the world, more than his own life.
He expected to suddenly be forced from Dean's mind or simply poof out of existence, something along those lines. But to his surprise neither happened.
Another short nod.
Wrong.
"Dude, it gave me like atom cramps, okay? I don't know if I can sleep knowing it's around."
"No, Cas, I'm sorry. I thought you meant it like... Well, uhm, I thought you meant you- you loved me. Like more than friends. And I just... I- I- I'm sorry. Can we just forget about it? Like it's okay, I know now that you don't actually... You're straight. I know that, I just, I don't know, thought maybe-"
In the end they didn't find much, except that two souls in a body would slowly destroy it if not connected by a strong bond.
Dean didn't notice him, so Cas tried to reach out and place a tentative touch on his shoulder.
Those were the last words he had said before the Empty had taken him.
after that."
Cas has a panic attack, struggles with breathing, etc. during that he also makes his hand bleed (mentioned).
(See the end of the chapter for
But it was too late to turn back now, he was already too close to them. Sam would look up and see him any second now.
That's the first time he remembers that grace filling him to the brim, making him feel clean and pure for the first time since he'd made that deal all those years ago. Every life he hasn't been able to save, every soul tortured in hell, everything gone, wiped out in a knife sharp heat.
"Yeah."
He could practically see the answer leave Dean's lips before it was even spoken.
"I- I am so sorry I couldn't save you. I never wanted this. I never- I never wanted it to end like this."
So for the first time in what felt like years he knelt down to pray.
Ever since then he'd never thought about guys in that context again, he wasn't allowed to.
Cas' frown was back. ...toddler?
Floating through walls did have its perks as it turned out. He could cover the bunker without having to walk through the hallways and open every door individually. Cas could just float from one room to the next. It almost made up for the dust particle feeling.
Opening his eyes turned out to be harder than he'd thought. Light blinding him when he finally succeded.
And he wants to, he stands there often enough, gun in his hand, on his temple, but he can't. Because he's
That was apparently the wrong thing to say to someone who couldn't hear what was going on inside his head.
"Awesome! I mean, great? I- I don't know... I want to be your boyfriend, too, Cas."
Suddenly light erupted from his chest, growing ever brighter until it was impossible to see. He felt it beginning to pulse, faster and faster until it stopped without any warning.
"You're blushing."
When he came back to himself it wasn't exactly like waking up, more like he was slowly gliding back into his head, his body feeling like one big chunk of – well, he supposed he didn't actually know
"Anyways, you're back now, right? This isn't just– I'm not making this up, am I?"
"Will you let me talk now?"
Before he could even answer something like a laugh echoed around him.
Tears had started filling Dean's eyes. His breath trembling. Cas guessed he didn't look any better.
The rider in question had stopped his... animal by now and, hand resting on his gun, started speaking in what probably should be a commanding tone.
What if...
"Woah, what was that? Was that you? Did you do that weird... I don't know, shock wave thingy? With the- with the tingles?"
Dean were to abandon him completely it would be worth it. Because that was what defined Cas to his core, something humans couldn't understand.
The weeks have started blurring together, Dean is living on autopilot, moving from hunt to hunt, barely a moment of rest. Sam is worried about him, he knows, asking again and again why he's suddenly so focused on hunting when barely two months ago he'd been ready to retire.
something he was experienced in.
kiss him senseless right now, do
"I will, Dean. Promise."
Now it was Cas' turn to chuckle.
For the first time Castiel had just
It sounded like Dean, of that there was no doubt, granted his manner of speaking
"Oh yeah, did I mention I heard that noise in my room? Or that it felt like someone had their hand wrapped around my arm?"
In the next moment he felt something akin to relief wash over him. Except it didn't feel quite right again, like it was muffled somehow, a conversation overheard from behind closed doors, tears silenced by a hand, something deeply
okay? You didn't see how... You didn't hear what he said. So quit acting like you know what's going on. Like I'm some... widower or whatever."
Cas let out a sigh that had all three of them wincing at the gruesome noise and seemed to pull Dean out of his emotional state into the usual sassy one.
As soon as that thought manifested in his head he felt the barrier giving off a powerful pulse, propelling him away from the Empty.
Emotions seemed to overcome the owner of the voice. Castiel felt like he knew this voice, like it was too familiar, like it was part of him.
"That's my point, Cas! You
"Oh, and Cas?"
A voice sounding suspiciously like Dean started speaking in his... head? He still couldn't feel his vessel. Cas did the mental equivalent of shrugging. Maybe he had been killed one time too many and was finally experiencing side effects from it.
He hadn't known his feelings. He hadn't known he could
Sam's eyes narrowed.
And then he was gone. Just absorbed into The Empty. Gone. Forever.
For the first time in a long while he is genuinely afraid.
He jumped off the animal and walked closer to Cas, a look of hope on his face, so fragile, like a single word could break him.
Over the day Dean had gotten used to the buzzing in the back of his mind that would occasionally offer comments or point out details he hadn't noticed. He had
He knew Dean didn't like him doing that, watching over him while he slept. Perhaps it had something to do with the way Dean didn't like being vulnerable in any way. But Cas had found that when asleep Dean looked at peace with the world and, more importantly, with himself, which was a rarity when he was awake.
He'd been ready for death, more than willing to die if it meant Dean could live. He'd been ready to spend eternity reliving his worst memories over and over and over again. Hell, he'd expected something along these lines to happen eventually.
And that's just what happens. During the last months he's worked out a fairly good routine. He lets himself be thrown around some more, lets his guard down, reacts just a second too late. It has been working well so far, a few broken ribs, a lot of bruises, a concussion that one time...
"Dean? Dean, calm down it's okay, I'm here. It's me, you're safe."
They had reached Dean's room.
Cas bowed his head in thanks, a teasing smile on his lips.
I will
"Yeah, Cas. This is very- this is a lot more than okay."
Cas sighed. He really didn't want to have to explain that now.
As soon as Sam had left the room Cas could see Dean's facade fall. Where there had been a glimmer of mischief in his eyes just a second before there was now dull and empty sadness.
He was at Dean's sleeping body before he had even so much as realised where it was guiding him. But it didn't stop when he arrived at the bed, it only grew stronger and stronger, pulling at Cas. He was suddenly too groggy to fight it, all alarm bells going off in his mind useless. Then it stopped, just above Dean's heart, before enveloping both him and the former angel completely.
floated through me. Ugh, I still shudder thinking about that. It was like, I don't know, like where it touched me it felt like it was moving my atoms out of its way. It was disgusting."
He'd killed one when the other had decided Dean needed an extra hole in his back and slammed him into a rebar sticking out from a wooden beam.
It was in that moment that Castiel realised a crucial thing about himself: His grace was woven into his vessel's flesh, his wings attached to his mortal body.
Cas couldn't help but be endeared by Dean's awkwardness.
The voice that made terrible cowboy puns.
Cas smiled and let his wings settle comfortably at his back.
He opened his eyes, unaware of closing them in the first place and was met by an intense green stare. Dean let out a low chuckle.
Cas looked down resignedly. Well, he'd survive it. Live off of the few scraps of affection tossed his way now and again, as he'd always done.
in the being – the happiness in having might just be less painful.
Not only was he possessing Dean for some reason, now he was also
"Yeah, but I'm the
He felt panic taking over his senses as it started enveloping his grace, the noise getting louder by the second.
He let out a heavy sigh. Now he was never going to get what he wanted.
Everyone needed space from him, couldn't be around him longer than absolutely necessary. Even Sam left after spending the obligatory three hours with him. It only made sense that Cas would want some space sooner rather than later.
"Dean? Can you hear me?" Sam? Sam was good. Sam was family. He could trust Sam.
"Yeah, sure... It wasn't worth dying for, we could have–"
His breathing started to quicken, unable to get the desperately needed air. This was not good.
Dean's brain screeched to a halt at this.
"Dean, are you ever gonna tell me what happened? What really happened? Not just 'He died protecting me.'?"
At first Dean was scared, not knowing why he felt the way he felt. His stomach making that weird falling sensation everytime Cas so much as looked at him, his cheeks heating up when Cas stood too close.
on him that I can't live without him?"
It's been a while, sorry. School is killing me and it's probably not getting any better for a while. I have some more freetime this week which I might use for writing but who knows.
But it would do him no good if he continued standing here, out in the open. So he started following the soda river towards what looked like a cabin made of gingerbread.
And oh boy did that get his attention.
From his position behind Dean he could see Sam sitting at a table in the library, already reaching for his gun.
walk into them he'd usually keep quiet. And most of Dean's dreams were completely insane anyway. If they weren't nightmares, at least.
Cas looked to the gingerbreadcabin. It was too far away, he wouldn't make it even if he wasn't wearing the ballgown. So he turned towards the rider with as much dignity as he could muster.
(See the end of the chapter for
his mind helpfully supplied.
It had started innocently enough. Dean had been cooking, looked away for a second and cut his finger. It hadn't been a big cut, surely wouldn't even have left a scar, but Cas had healed him nonetheless.
It hit him like a truck. There was no preparation, no moment to gather himself, nothing.
Ever since then he's been chasing that feeling, hurting himself in increasingly painful ways just so Cas would heal him.
"I'm sorry, Cas. I don't want to fight. It's just... I don't want to lose you again, okay? I've lost you so many times, I don't think I will survive another. So just- just
This was just great. First he turned up without a corporeal form and somehow hitched a ride in Dean's body, but then he didn't even stay in in the passenger seat, no he took the steering wheel.
"Cas?"
"I swear to... Dean!"
Cas let his head fall forward. So they wouldn't have this conversation now. Alright, he could live with that. But now he'd have to find a way to explain the last few – what
The sound was muffled. Just as it had been when the Winchesters from that other dimension had come to the bunker, trapped between worlds with no way to escape, doomed to be trapped there forever.
Dean pointedly looked around the room, ignoring the bitchface Sam shot him.
Dean was fine with hiding that part of himself if it meant keeping Sam and Cas.
It worked out well for quite some time. Until it didn't.
Hissed quietly, threateningly. This was Dean in hunter mode, not the vulnerable man from just a few seconds ago.
Both of them stopped. Apparently sharing a body and speaking at the same time didn't work.
"Oh, I'm sorry, Dean. I was stopping you from freaking out over your prayer to me. Next time I'll just give you more things to worry about, yes?"
He knew that voice.
"Hell, I hope you'll even
inside his chest. Dean absentmindedly rubbed over it.
When they turned around, Cas close on their heels, one of the strangest things happened:
Enjoy!
He tightens his grip before falling back into the darkness again. Shortly wondering who cares enough about him to stay by his side.
He knows he wants to live.
It all looked quite normal, except of course for the fact that it appeared to be made of candy and such:
"You know what? I'm just gonna leave you alone. This doesn't seem dangerous. You can sort this whole-" he vaguely waved his hand in their direction "-
"Well..."
Cas nodded, causing Sam to let out a relieved breath.
"Night, bitch."
"No, Dean, I heard your prayer. You got your confession, now it's my turn."
To his question of 'So this is what shrimps see?' Cas had only sighed as answer.
He felt himself being lifted off the ground, his eyes fixed on the pattern he assumed was carrying him, unable to do anything but stare, frozen in terror.
was actually different. There were a few plants scattered around the room, the two recliners had turned into a comfortable looking sofa bed and there was a fridge in a corner. Not a mini-fridge used to store alcohol, no, it was an honest to god kitchen one.
That was how they spent most of their days at this point:
What?
Cas pulled back from the front of Dean's mind, leaving the other in full control again, and was back in the kind-of-but-not-quite Dean Cave.
Waking up in a shared body was a strange sensation.
And then Cas made the mistake of trying to speak.
Dean's voice faltered. Then so quiet it was almost inaudible he said:
Thanks for reading!!
He was possessing Dean. He, Castiel, former angel of the lord, was in the body of the love of his life.
Was that really his voice? It was croaky, like it hadn't been used in a while. His throat was dry and itchy.
But something was...
his own fault. He decided floating through Dean again was the best way to get his attention, so he did. It was even more unpleasant than the dust particles.
Ignoring the way it made his heart flutter Cas pulled him into a hug.
' kind of heat, but a cozy, lazy heat that made him snuggle up in his blankets a little more. He sighed contently.
about it.
He should have known it would go sideways someday. That he'll end up more hurt than planned or that Cas can't get to him in time.
Maybe he's the lowest he's ever been, maybe he's a fucked up queer, addicted to angelic grace and pain. But damnit he wants to live.
Nothing was ever easy for him, was it.
Dean did an exaggerated shudder motion, tucking his pistol into his waistband and raised his eyebrows.
"Who are you. And where's my brother." It wasn't a question. This Sam wasn't the one who'd comforted him only seconds ago, this was Sam the hunter.
Chuck's plans.
of dreams with Cas as the main attraction over the years, none of which he was too keen to share with anyone. So every night he was paranoid Cas was going to walk in on him doing... well,
Without even giving him a chance to answer he closed the door.
Cas lifted a hand to awkwardly rub at his jaw.
"Can we maybe discuss this later? When I'm not wearing a dress and you're not wearing...
Dean was sitting on the ground, leaning against a wall. He was looking every way the broken shell he'd always thought of himself as, staring unbelievingly at the bloody handprint left on his shoulder.
"Yeah?"
The response came as a breathy laugh.
"That was certainly something, Cas. I mean honestly that was... That was the best kiss I've ever had, I guess."
He took a deep breath, his voice shaking with emotions.
A few minutes later there's the by now familiar wooshing of wings and he's being healed, pumped full of that wonderful, scorching heat and his mind is clear and silent and finally he's not evil anymore, he's
And that's exactly what it felt like to Cas. He was overwhelmed by the longing for something unknown this place emitted at the same time as almost boyish happiness.
He knows this is bad. Really bad. He knows that hurting himself will never give him the real thing he wants,
“Dean, you made it,” Cas said as he is looking up when they walked in; he could help but smile at Dean. “Thank you, Anna.”
“Cas, I know you are in there,” Gabriel called from the other side.
”I think that's a good idea, ” Jimmy said, kissing the tops of Stellas head.
"Can it be fixed with surgery or something?" Jimmy asked as Stella climbed into his lap with a sleeping Belle.
Cas shook his head; how was he going to explain that it is taking every ounce of strength not to rip his brother's throat out and then not go back to the house and do the same to the rest of the family, “It's nothing, I'm tired of being treated like the family freak because I'm not like you or Michael. I like my job, I like being outside,” he said looking his brother in the eye.
Dean wasn't sure what he was doing. A friend from work talked about this website where you can basically make any fantasy come true within a virtual reality. His brother had talked him into getting one since he was behind in the times, saying it would be fun for when he played Moondor with Charlie, his best friend.
Harper turned, hearing the footsteps behind her punching Dean in the jaw, “Fuck you!” she yelled, not moving from her spot, waiting for the person she was still an imposter to say something.
“Thank you,” Dean said as he took the paper, turning to leave.
"When did we get a dog?" Cas asked, surprised.
“Why do you do this to me?’ Dean asked tossing his fork on his tray and folding his arms across his chest looking at his sister.
“Yeah, yeah sorry,” Dean answered as he wiped his eyes and leaving the office.
"Can you tell me what she is saying?" Jimmy asked, looking a bit sheepish. He wished he had taken ASL in school.
Cas pulled Dean from the car carrying him inside; a wiggly puppy greeted him, and Stella running after it, followed by Jimmy yelling at the both of them to wait.
He checked his watch, blew out the air between his lips, fixed the stack of papers, and placed the cap back on the pen he grabbed what he needed before heading out the door to his classroom.
“How do you know that?” Cas asked he was under the notion that they didn’t know who they were related to only if they were twins where the siblings kept together.
“Can you bring her? I want to speak with her,’ Cas asked, walking back to his office, not waiting for Meg to answer. He wanted to get away from her after making a fool of himself with Ivy’s brother.
Stella walked back over to the stuffed animals looking around; she noticed that he bear missing. She looked around, spotting Cole, who had her bear she marched up to him and snatched the bear walking away.
Dean shook his head and said, that's why they were hitting the books; Harper nodded and kicked off her shoes.
“Would you like that?” Dean asked, his lips ghosting over the shell of Cas’s ear.
“What's up, dad?” Dean asked, sitting up after Cas reluctantly moved out of the way.
Jimmy sighed, placing his fork down, "I did, she's having a hard time letting go," he replied, taking a sip of his drink.
He smiled and picked her up she whined but didn't wake up, laying her down in the crib, covering her placing a teddy bear in her arms.
One orderly had Ivy up off the ground as she was swinging and kicking trying to get out of his grasp. Dean was trying to talk to her calm her down, the other had Marv who was holding his hand to his nose blood gushing from between his fingers.
“Yes, please, use me. I'm yours,” Dean cried out as Cas picked up the speed changing the angle.
“I'm Benny,” he whispered holding his hand out. Cas shook his hand making note to not get on that guys bad side.
“You angling for a tip?” Dean asked, smirking.
“A few months ago, we waited,” John replied like it was not a big deal.
Dean sat up too, letting go of Cas’s hand moving backward to give Cas some space. He shook his head as he told Cas that after they moved out, it would only be another month until his birthday, and then he was going to move in with him and Wren. So overall, there was nothing to be sad about. He leaned in to kiss Cas gently on the lips after pulling away, he got a not so reassuring smile from Cas who was still in a mood.
“thirteen,” Ivy said, looking away from him.
Cas nodded, saying he had no clue who that was, but he was happy if it was helping. Once the plan was in the air, Dean ordered a whiskey on the rocks hoping it would help relax him enough to enjoy the alone time with his Dom.
Just short chapter.
“Where is it?” the woman asked, with a bit of attitude. Like they were somehow annoying her by standing in the doorway.
Castiel took the plate to the table along with a fork and knife then setting it all down. He turned and waited for Dean to sit down, “Would you like something to drink? According to my programming, you like beer and whiskey,” Castiel said, his tone a matter of fact as he waited for Dean to answer.
Cas loaded their carry-ons into the overhead compartments as Dean took his seat by the window, quickly closing the screen. The other man took his hand, kissing the back of it. Dean attempted to relax; there was plenty of legroom. He closed his eyes and hummed.
“Cas! Cas? You ok?” a male voice called through the door as they banged some more.
It was quite a rustic feel to it, a large table in the front hall the carpet was tan, white walls. The twins couldn't see much from their point of view; they came to a stop inside the living room.
“Hi! Cas,” Jimmy said.
I don't know what to do anymore... I can't fill this hole in my soul, and it keeps getting worse every day. People say to take it one day when someone dies, but how can I when I know that you are in Heaven?
“Don't leave me hanging; what do you think happened?” Dean asked,, wondering why Cas was drawing this out and not telling him.
“I thought you said you weren't big on tradition?” Cas said as he changed into the shirt one of the seamstresses handed him.
“I know, she was what fourteen-sixteen when she stopped?” Benny asked not remembering exactly,, but it seemed like she would never talk again.
"Hey, look at that, you're almost all clear," Jimmy said, smiling at his grumpy baby, "ok be grumpy. We are going to go to the park."
“Geez, Salem! Give the guy a break if he wants to drink and then go home; we can find him a ride,” Sam said, nudging his sister.
Dean smirked before taking a sip of his drink. Cas looked at him, not too sure what to think. So far, he liked the sister, ‘she would be good for Jimmy,’ he thought to himself. Cas took a seat at the table, across from his twin, and looking around at the rest of his family, they were dressed in their best clothes. Staring at him, John sighed at his daughter’s statement before turning to Chuck to talk about things that didn't interest Cas.
Jimmy carried Stella to the closet and opened the door; it was full of dresses and beautiful clothes for both of them. Stella gasped and made what Jimmy would call her wow face.
His hand was soft in hers; all she knew was that she liked the way he made her feel in the inside butterflies and happiness. The warmth and softness she hopped lasted.
“Well, if I knew she would talk to you I would have made you come sooner,” Dean said to Benny.
“To get us out of heaven,” Harper said, taking a sip of her beer, before setting the bottle down on the counter and folding her arms across her chest, giving her younger brother a questioning look.
“Not like that… ok maybe like that” Dean said she gave him to go on motion with her hand, “Ok I am going,” he laughed kissing the top of her head before he got up to head down to Cas’ office. No harm letting him know he was here, right?
(See the end of the chapter for
Stella was not saying nice things here is what she was actually saying and Dean watered it down.
She got frustrated and threw the block, ”Woah, Chere, it's ok, ” a thick southern accent said.
“Um-Professor?” a voice asked from behind him.
“Ivy had a hard night; she hardly slept at all kept having nightmares,” Meg said, shaking her head and folding her arms across her chest.
“I will,” Dean said,, making a mental note to not forget about Bennys promise to Ivy.
”Stella, it's ok, ” Jimmy said, pulling her dress over her head, noticing she was more flushed then she was earlier.
“It's not it's time when it is I'll be there,” Wren replied, her voice firm but sad as she held the bird’s wing to its side so Rowena could bind it.
Cas followed with Dean close behind, holding his hand rubbing his thumb on the back of his hand; Cas found it helpful with the anxiety he was having a the moment. He had no clue what the king was going to ask him.
“Who are you?” Harper asked, looking down at a knocked-out Karen, then at the person or thing in front of her.
“Leave Blue alone; she doesn't get to spend much time with her kind,” Dean scolded, heading through the open door.
Cas shifted his weight as they waited for the King and Queen of the Unseelie court to enter the hall. Dom, who decided to come early to see Blue, was standing to Cas’s left, busy talking to Blue about something that Blue was sure would get her blamed. The other fairy shook his head, saying it was nothing to worry about.
“You like being spanked?” Cas questioned, bringing his hand down again.
Dean was crying in his Daddy's arms. Stella touched his shoulder.
“You are right,” Dean said smiling.
Cas wanted to stretch his legs a few moments after Ash left. He headed down to the TV room to talk to Ivy. Ever since Jimmy showed up, she sits in there instead of at the window. Ivy and Jimmy were sitting on the couch just far enough apart; she could put her head on his shoulder; Cas smiled. It was sweet and innocent.
Cas made his way down the stairs, his hair messy and dressed in one of Dean's PJ bottoms and no shirt. Clover whistled at him and giggled when he rolled his eyes, giving her a wave as he headed to the coffee pot.
Cas followed Dean to his and Wren’s room, which happened to be next to his, but since his roommate hardly left the room, Cas didn't wanna be in there right now.
”Will you watch Stella? I gotta tell Becky she needs a change, ” Dean said as they played with the blocks.
“I know. We look amazing,” Dean said, walking with caution, looking around the room.
Harper said she was going outside when she found a pack of smokes in her jacket, excited she didn't need to buy any. As she made her way down the stairs, the handprint on her wrist started to ache, she was so caught up in finding Sam she had forgotten all about it. She leaned against the Impala, smiling to herself as she decided to walk around the car. Harper didn't know it was possible to miss a car, but here she was getting teary-eyed at seeing it again; she looked up when she heard Dean and Sam’s voices carry across the parking lot.
“It's best to just come out with it, they both do better if you just tell them,” Meg replied giving Cas a nod before leaving.
“Dr. Novak is still in his office. I'll get Ivy,” Anna answered coldly as she is walking away.
Cas’ snapped his eyes open; a small detail was right there on the tip of his tongue; he couldn't pull it from his mind. It was like his brain was trying to hide whatever it was that came for him that night; his stomach growled as Cas laughed a bit, heading to his room to put on pants before making himself something to eat. He grabbed his phone off the bedside table, shaking his head; he still couldn't believe he had slept for two whole days, hardly remembering anything that happened in that time frame. Castiel looked at the messages. Most were from work; this was the one time he was grateful to be a supervisor, especially in a small town. The other voice mails were from his mother yelling that he missed Tuesday night family dinner; he didn't even call to let her know that he wasn't going to show up; he sighed. Hung up, opting to call her back later after he ate.
“Castiel?” Dean asked, looking around the table.
Becky came over to see what they were fighting about when the bear ripped, causing them both to fall. Stella grabbed Dean, making sure he was ok.
Stella pointed to the puppy and made the sign for a bell. Jimmy looked confused and shook his head.
“Shit, that was close,” Dean breathed out as he hurried back to the Impala.
Cas shook his head, letting the other man know that he would be fine; the fever was gone for now. Alfie looked at his friend and nodded, telling Cas that he would let the other Animal Control officers know he would be out for a few more days. He nodded, telling Alfie thanks, and he was sorry for worrying him. Standing, he walked to the door, opened it showing Alfie that he wanted him to leave.
“You'll be okay?” Cas asked before he was able to stop himself.
“She fell asleep,” Cas whispered, he didn't want to wake her up if she needed the extra rest. “You can leave her” he added. He knew that wasn't the best idea to play favorites but she was a different.
“Sorry, I...” Jimmy started to whisper but realized she was talking in her sleep.
Cas was taken back, but Dean's statement, “Ok, I'm sorry. You both are really young and haven't seen a lot of the world. I think it's weird, that's all,” he replied.
“Thanks, it was our parents. They left it to us when they passed,” Dean replied, taking a bite of food.
“I'll make it up to you, promise.” Cas smiled, turning to make his way around the counter, “But, I can't go out tonight, though. I have to have dinner with my parents,” he added, shrugging his shoulders in a ‘can’t do anything about it’ kind of way.
“I don't think so at the moment; she was restrained. I saw him. I think” he let out a breath before he continued to seak, “ I think I may know what happened to her.”
Dean rubbed his face; this was bad, so bad for Blue. If Henry knows, then he's going to keep his sister as far away from John as possible, “I guess the town tour is going to have to wait,” Dean said, climbing out of bed.
His hole was tight and warm, the amount of slick Dean was producing made it easy for Cas to slide in and out with ease. This was better than what he pictured. His fantasies were nothing compared the way Dean responded, begging Cas to go faster.
"Stell, you scared me this morning. I know you are mad, and I promise that will never happen again," Jimmy said, opening the door to the playroom.
"It's ok, what is she saying?" Jimmy said, looking between the twins.
"She needs a change," Dean said, shoving food in his mouth.
“It about Ivy,” Marv replied with a whisper, ‘she talks in her sleep.”
“It's not a big deal; besides, we aren't strict on formality anyway,” Dean replied as they walked through the gates, “I'm sorry about earlier when I snapped at you.”
Cas rubbed his face looking out the window, “I killed her, it was my fault,” he said as he continued to stare out the window, “It was right before school started, we got into a fight,” he shook his head and scoffed, “I don't remember what it was about, I stormed out of the house, she came looking for me walking in the dark along the road,” he swallowed the lump forming in his throat. “I saw it happen the truck was swerving all over the road, I tried to yell for her to watch out but.. I- I couldn't get the words out in time, she was smiling as me as the,” he could continue it was too much the memory was too painful.
Dean grabbed the sheet and held on tight as Cas’s hand came back down for the third time. He knew he had a small pain kink, but this was the best feeling laying across Cas’s legs, his arm holding him in place as he alternated smacking Dean's ass cheeks. He moaned as Cas rubbed his butt after each hit.
Jimmy picked her up, laying her on the table, taking her diaper off.
Stella was sitting in her chair while Elle was walking around the kitchen, getting breakfast ready.
“Hey,” Cas said as he walked into the room.
“Sure thing Dr. Novak I just told her I was sorry,” Ash replied, looking at Dean and then back at the doctor.
”Come on, ” Jimmy said, holding out his hand. Stella took his hand and smiled.
"I see they are ok," Jimmy said, smiling.
Cas dug his keys out of his pocket, running to the car pressing the button a little too hard to unlock the door; he climbed in, breathing heavily as he started the car peeling out as fast as possible. Once he was far enough away from the house, he started to relax, wincing when he felt a pain shoot through his hand; looking at his as he stopped at the red light, he pulled a piece of glass from it and watched as the wound sealed up on it own, he was for sure he was going insane.
“Not supposed to talk about it. Master promised he would hurt me worse. Hurt you too,” Ivy wrote down tapping Dean's shoulder so he could read it. Scribbling down more before he could answer, “He has always known where I was, he leaves me alone for a while, and then when I get comfortable he shows back up. I don't know what I would do if I lost you.”
Gabe sighed and nodded, telling Cas he would see him later. They eat their food, talking about different stuff and what to expect when the King and Queen showed up. Later, Cas nodded, understanding what was expected of him. Once they were finished, they headed to the library to find the King, Henry, who spent most of his days going over the scrolls that held all the magic in their court.
“Yeah, right,” Dean mumbled, following his Dom onto the plan.
“I'll text Sammy. Have him bring your phone,” Dean said to fill the silence, turning fully towards Clover and made his way over to her. “But first, you have to apologize.”
Cas was surprised that the Omega didn't ask for money, he was more than happy to send him another video and ask for one in return. At the same time, he fantasized it was his student.
“Hello,” Cas said out of breath.
“Clover. Apologize. Now,” Dean said with an edge to his voice, a warning for her to listen.
“No worries, most people don't know,” Dean said with a shrug continuing what he was doing.
“No, no thank you for telling me, I'm gonna go I need to…. I'm gonna go.”
“She likes you, not in a weird way just ya know,” Dean said looking up at Cas when the door closed behind Ivy.
"Is she ok?" Cas asked, running up to them with Dean in tow.
"Let's go home that enough excitement for the day," Jimmy said, hugging Stella.
Dean nodded there was something about Benny he liked and wanted to be his friend. Benny sat between Stella and Dean to play with the blocks and help them both. After a little bit, Stella started to squirm a bit like she was uncomfortable. Dean looked at her and knew why.
Dean nodded, saying they would be out soon. Benny apologized again and backed out of the room. He took Cas by the hand, pulling him along, saying they should hurry up before someone else came looking for them.
“Thanks, Cas. that's nice of you,” Dean said. Just when Dean thought Cas couldn't get any nicer he goes and does something for Ivy. he could feel himself falling for the other man. He worried that Cas wasn't into guys. Ivy watched the exchange between the two. Letting them have their moment she made her way out of the room, both men followed not saying anything.
Cas was still thinking about all the family photos they had lining the walls. He wished his family had that instead of the tacky art his mother loved so much. A bit of jealousy ran through Cas only because it seemed like Dean and his family were close how he wished his family was. Dean's bedroom was vast, a large bed in the middle, much too large for one person. The walls mostly bare a few things here and there a large car poster in a frame tucked in the corner of the room; he made he was over releasing it was a blown-up photograph of Dean's car.
Harper looked at Sam, “Pam took one look at the guy, and her eyes burned out of her skull, and you want to summon it?” Sam replied.
“You are my best tipper, did you know that?’ the boy asked.
“Get used to it,” Cas said, backing away so Dean could get into the car.
Cole just laughed and walked over to where Bela was showing her his prize. Cole turned and held up the bear, teasing Dean with it.
“I was thinking of changing a few things if you have the time?” Zachariah asked.
“What?” Cas asked, not looking at Dean.
The vibration stopped as Dean got up from the bed and headed into the bathroom, he quickly closed the door before Castiel could join him. He laughed to himself at his situation. Thinking about how now that he had a bot that he doesn't know if it's right to take advantage of it. It's not like the thing can say no. The item was built specifically for Dean. He turned the shower on as he began stripping his clothes, hoping that the hot water would clear his mind and see this whole thing from a different perspective. He, after all, could find other reasons to keep the bot around.
”Daddy, how?” Dean asked, turning the cup over in his hands.
“I noticed there weren't any notes from the night nurse, so best guess she had nightmares,” Meg said, pulling out the nightly notes to double-check.
He wasn't sure how he made it home. Still, he was in his parking spot staring at his hand, wondering how the hell the wound closed upon its own, getting out of the car, his phone went off, his brothers calling and texting making sure he was ok, ignoring the messages he headed into his apartment. Cas slid down the back of the door as tears welled in his eyes. He was terrified of what was happening to him; he had no one to talk to about it. He wasn't sure if he should check himself into a hospital or not. What would he tell them? He got bit by a wild animal; now he has superhuman healing, hearing, taste, and anything else you could think of; he jumped a light knock on the door pulling him from his thoughts.
A few hours later, Karen offered up physic that she knew lived a few hours away, Pamela Barns. She got up, saying she would be back leaving the room, Dean stood up, and Sammy stopped him, “Hey, wait, you might want this back,” Sam said, pulling Dean's necklace over his head and handing it to him.
Cas nodded, mirroring Dean's actions getting ready to start the day. Once they were changed, Dean took Cas to the bathroom to brush his teeth. Once they were finished, Dean told Cas they usually eat breakfast at the bakery. He nodded, following the fairy out the front door. The walk was quiet. Cas was deep in thought as they made their way through the town. He was still a little shook up about what happened to Blue the night before and how Dean never said anything or tried to help her.
“Ivy?” Cas asked, moving his head so she would see his face and look at him, “Ivy please tell me what happened,” he pleaded, he wasn't going to be able to help if he didn't know the details.
Cas smiled, picking his Omega up as the doors opened.
“Then you should have brought a book to read,” Cas replied, looking at his sub.
“When has that stopped you?” Charlie replied, sitting on the stool, her tail twitching, clearly still annoyed with Cas.
Dean jumped slightly when he felt Cas’ finger rub around his hole; he couldn't help the lewd sound that escaped his mouth when the digit pressed slightly deeper inside, slow and steady. Cas know all the ways to make his body tick, he swore as Cas added a second finger and more lube. Dean didn't even know where the lube came from. In truth, he didn't care; he didn't want Cas to stop touching him.
“This is Castiel, my Dom, and boyfriend,” Dean said to John as he followed Cas up the steps.
“Do you like it?” Salem asked, hope on her face waiting for Cas to answer.
“Yeah ok, that's fair,” Dean said nodded as he stopped pacing, “Can I say bye?”
“If you happen to see him again, tell him to come to say hello before Sam and Ruby get here,” Herny said, dismissing the two fairies.
“I'm not an idjit,” Karen replied; Dean raised an eyebrow that wasn't an answer, “yes, I did the spell right, quit your bitchin’.”
“I know I was late. I'm sorry I had to go across town to get this,” Dean said, taking a bite of the pie.
“I am?” Benny asked surprised. Dean was protective over who got to visit not that htye had a tone of family but he was still shocked.
The flames of the candle flames shot up, and Pamela screamed, falling to the ground. Karen was yelling for someone to call 9-1-1. Karen went with Pamela to the hospital while Harper and the boys headed back to the motel. They stopped by the diner for coffee and pie. Harper looked at Dean and sighed. Sam was getting off the phone as he sat down at the table; Karen said she was out of the ICU and stable.
"Dean, that wasn't nice," Cas said, but he too wanted to know.
Ivy made a face; she hands the rest of the pie back to Dean to take home, hugging him before pulling her sweater tight around her middle and following Anna out the door and down the hall.
Dean looked past Cas after noticing his sister stopping at the base of the window. He called out to her to see what was going on. She didn’t say anything as she waved him to come over. He and Cas got up to cross the yard to see what she had found.
“Thank you,” Cas replied but also wondering if there was a reason she was in his office, “Is there a reason you are in here?’
Jimmy made sure he had everything before getting Stella, her face was flushed, and she was walking as if it hurt, he picked her up placing her on his hip lightly carrying her into the house.
Dean sighed, following her outside say they were doing this no matter what, and if she wanted to leave, she was more than welcome to; Harper shook her head, seeing she had no choice headed back inside, grabbing the spray paint there was no way as stupid as this idea was that she was going to leave Dean and Karen to do it on their own. They sat there for hours waiting for this Castiel to show up; Dean sighed and looked at Karen.
“Good morning, Ash,” Cas said ask he walked into his office dropping his briefcase just inside the door before turning back to the man.
“Hey, Cas,” Dean said peeking his head through the open door.
“You got a better one?” Dean asked, flipping open one of the many books Karen had brought with her.
Gabriel sighed. He apologized for making Cas feel that way. He didn't think it bothered him. It was never his intention to make his brother feel like the family didn't love him because they didn’t agree with his line of work, “I mean don't get me wrong, I do think it's weird you drive around looking for strays, but I will do better to respect it and you. So tell me about the guy,” he said sitting down on Cas’s couch.
“Go get Dr. Novak” Meg whispered, to Anna not wanting to startle Ivy, Anna nodded and ran down the hall to get the doctor.
“You are not in trouble, I don't know why he would say that, but I will talk to him about it,” Cas said.
Cas laughed, “Already? That was fast,” he teased.
”Do you wanna sit with Daddy?” Jimmy asked, hoping she would say yes.
“I know, maybe I should have waited,” Cas answered. He felt bad doing this over the phone.
"You scared me," Jimmy said, walking to Stella.
"I don't know," Jimmy said, calling for Stella and Dean to come inside.
“Those are not morning drinks, I have some juice in there, I think,” Dean said as he started to get up from his chair.
“What?” Jimmy asked, folding his arms across his chest once the door to Ivy’s room was closed.
"She wants to know what's her name?" Elle said to Jimmy.
Sam nodded, reminding Dean that he had followed some Angels to town. They had to be around there somewhere. They should find them to work the Angels over and figure out what was going on.
Cas nodded. He may need to brush up on his religion. After Marv came Donatello, who thought he was a prophet of the lord. That was a new one for Cas; next, was Ash, who believed demons were real, and the FBI, CIA, and NSA were all watching him through an implant in his eyeball, then came Ruby she was there because of her anxiety that she was sure was getting better. Cas wanted to stretch and leave the office. It was lunchtime. He wanted to see how lunch was run and how the different residents interacted with each other. He headed down to the dining hall, looking around as Cas made his way down the aisle. He found Meg at the front desk. He talked to her about how everyone got along during meal times when the double doors leading into the ward made it known that they were being opened.
Jimmy groaned into the phone, which brought Cas back to the conversation at hand, “The Winchesters are coming in today; we are meeting the twins,” he reminded his twin.
“Your eyes are a different shade of blue in this light,” Dean replied, staring at Cas.
Cas and Dean covered their laughs, looking at Gabe in his vest and what looked like tights, “I wouldn't laugh. You have to wear them too,” Millie's voice called out from behind the boys.
They stopped in front of two huge wooden doors. Blue pushed them open, revealing a large spacious room set up in the middle where four tri-mirrors Cas was in awe of the room. It was magnificent. The light accent of honeysuckles made him smile.
“Hi Ivy, I'm Dr. Novak,” Cas said, moving from around the desk to stand in front of her.
“Not tonight; thanks for coming. I gotta get to the garage in the morning,” Dean replied.
The rest of the day went by quicker than Cas would have liked. Even after Charlie left for the day, he tried to stall as much as possible before leaving. He shot Jimmy a text that he was on his way. Waiting for his ride, the incident with John and Willow popped into his head, hoping it was nothing more than John being overprotective, telling her not to be alone with him because of the way he looks. The ride to his parent's house was quiet; Cas sighed when his phone dinged, pulling out the unknown number from the night before, saying how much fun they had. They should do it again, he smirked and deleted the message. The chances of seeing them again weren't slim. Still, he could always lie like he always did, saying his phone broke he had to get a new one losing all his contacts.
Dean sighed and looked at Cas. If he was going to stick around, he would learn that the words “professional help” were a bad thing. He stood up, shaking his head, calling out for his sister to come back. That they would explain everything to Cas, he was still new to the family and didn't know any better. She did come back after some more convincing, eyes red-rimmed from tears.
" I understand you're still angry," Jimmy replied," will you let me help you eat?"
“Please? I'll be good!” she wrote, showing it to Benny.
Stella tugged on Dean's hand to get him to show her around to all the new toys. Dean smiled and walked over to the stuffed animals that he knew she would love.
“Told ya best friends” Dean said with tears in his eyes it had been years since she had said his name he was a bit overwhelmed.
“It's policy, especially when it come to Ivy. She can be a bit problematic,” Hael replied going back to what she was doing before Dean could protest.
“I don't want you to go,” Cas mumbled sadly, eyes looking anywhere but at Dean as he slowly moved to sit up.
“He is helping Willow clean up some scratches; she does that when she gets upset. She scratches herself. Dean does the same thing. You'll have to keep an eye on him,” John replied, taking a sip of the drink in his hand.
“Oh no, you don't! You ditched me last night!” Charlie interrupted before he could say anything.
“Did he rape you?’ Dean asked. Part of him didn't want to know but the other side needed to know. He blamed himself how could he not see how much pain his sister was in how much fear was in her eyes as she looked at him. Ivy didn't answer, she couldn't answer, she just started rocking back and forth. Shaking her head like she was trying to get rid of a memory, Cas knelt in front of her placing his hands lightly on her legs to calm her it seemed to work, she looked at him as tears fell slowly from her eyes.
Dean scooted his chair back before he stood grabbing his and Cas’ plate taking them through the barroom doors into what Cas assumed was the kitchen; he got up and followed Dean. He was taken back by the size of the kitchen. It was smaller than he thought it would be; a small dining room table sat off to the side. He figured that's probably where they ate when it was just the three siblings. He noted the wolf's head in the stained glass in the nook window by the table.
"Stelly, look," Dean said, pointing to the swings.
“I have never felt comfortable at home, and here I….” Cas trailed off, looking around. He felt safe there, like he belongs.
"It's time for dinner, and I got everything set up in your room for the puppy, did she pick a name yet?" Elle said, walking out to the back yard.
Jimmy looked at Cas who shrugged, it was strange usually their father would go on and on about whatever it was that he thought they did wrong until Chuck intervened and told him to lighten up.
“She eat anything yet?” Dean asked, glancing over at Cas, who was staring at him. He quickly looked away as a slight blush made his cheeks red.
Stella sighed and pointed to herself. Jimmy nodded, “what about you?” He asked.
Dean whimpered a bit when Cas told him to move, a small chuck and some reassurance that they were far from done. He moved onto all fours waiting patiently for Cas to get undressed. He could hear the rustling of fabric as he closed his eyes. The scent of the laundry soap filled his nose as he relaxed; the coolness of the lube was refreshing as his body started to heat up with lust. He wiggled his butt, enticing Cas to hurry up.
“What do you want to ask me?’ Castiel asked as if he could read Dean's mind.
“I have a question: is there a reason there is information missing from Ivy’s file?” Cas asked he was sure if anyone knew it would be Meg she was after all head nurse.
Ivy hid her face behind the pad of paper before moving Cas noted how rosey her cheeks were as she scribbled on the paper before holding it up. “I’ll put these in my room, meet in the dining hall,” she wrote down and ran out of the room before anyone could say anything more about her talking.
“Why doesn’t she say anything?” Bela asked, pointing to Stella.
Harper nodded and picked up a chip, “Here's what I don't get; why bring us back and not stick around to tell us why,” she said, shoving the rest of the chip in her mouth.
“Deal,” Crowley said, pulling out his checkbook, making out the check,, and leaving told Dean to call him when the parts came in and he was done with the car.
“What's going on? Is Ivy ok?” Bobby asked, there weren't many reasons Dean would be in a mood and something being u with Ivy would be one of them.
Dean looked at Ivy. She shrugged and took a plastic fork Dean produced from his back pocket, dug in. She sighed happily to be eating something other than hospital food. She bounced a little in her chair and let out a content sigh.
“Cas is fine for the staff; I'm not big on formality,” he replied, shaking her hand. He smiled at her. She seemed nice enough, a bit of take no crap attitude.
Mildred looked up and smiled at Dean, thanking him for being so kind and caring to her. He smiled down at her then turned to, head off to find his sister before she could give him another pat on the butt.
She huffed and started writing again holding the pad up when she was done. “Marv is bothering me again. Can I hide till Dean comes back? Please?”
“Cum for me,” Cas said, thrusting faster, reaching around and grabbing Dean's cock, sliding his hand up and down.
“If you start sharing more with me about you, then we can talk about going home for the night,” Cas said hoping that sounded like a good idea.
“Dean, wait! I didn't know, I'm sorry,” Cas called out, running after the fairy.
“It's not broken, but we should wrap it. You'll have to stay off of it,” Sam informed, smiling at his sister.
Harper tugged on Dean's sleeve; he looked down at her and shook his head at her unspoken question: they weren't going to fight this Demon. It didn't seem to want to hurt them.
”that won't be necessary, she's a good girl,” Jimmy replied, opening the door to his office.
Cas laughed a bit. He didn't think it would be hard for Dean to spend the day with him alone, but Cas figures if they needed to leave because Dean was uncomfortable, they would go home.
Castiel picked Dean up, explaining that he and Stella were not allowed to use the stairs without help and if they needed help to call for their Daddy, and they would come. Dean laid his head in Castiel's shoulder; he liked the way the Alpha smelled, pressing his nose to the man's shoulder.
"She's not ignoring you," Jimmy said, getting Stella's attention.
It wasn't too long after Dean left that Ivy came knocking on the door, she gave a small smile and a wave, pointing to the chair, Cas nodded and greeted her wondering what she was doing in his office.
Cas grabbed a bottle of water out of the fridge, drinking it down at the soft brush of fur that ran against the inside of his skin. He was hoping the feeling would go away at some point that it was all in his head. There was nothing there. He was sure of it. If he cut open the skin, there would be nothing but bone, blood, and muscle tissue that was it. He finished the bottle of water before heading back to the living room. His other brothers must have been in the backyard with his mother and brother in the front room.
“We uh had a thing for the night she left but blamed me. It was before she got the job here,” Dean said. Ivy curled up in the chair she sat in earlier and started picking at the pie crust. “Ivy manners,” he scolded his sister. She rolled her eyes and continued to pick at the crust.
“Son of a bitch,” Dean yelled, smacking his computer's side after taking off his glasses.
“Do I make you uncomfortable?” Cas asked, turning his head to look at Dean, “most prefer their bots to be naked.”
“Thanks,” Dean said, patting the desk and walking down the hall.
“How long?” Cas asked, watching the tenderness that Meg had with the girl. He wondered if she was like this with all the patients or if it was just Ivy.
“Here,” Sam said, tossing Dean the keys to the Impala.
"The maid Anna, she kissed, and Stella saw, did you bring her down?" Jimmy asked while trying to help Stella with her breakfast and giving up when Stella pushed his hand away.
He shot up, breathing heavily, cold sweat pouring off of him, as the images that echoed in his mind faded quickly. He looked around, a confused expression twisted on his face, relaxing when he spotted the familiar picture on his wall. He made it home. He has no idea how. The last thing he remembered was heading out on a call with his partner getting out of the van, heading into the woods. He swung his legs over the bed's side as he rubbed the sleep from his eyes, letting out a small yelp startled as a stabbing pain ran through his leg at the movement. Frowning, he looked down, noticing he still had worn his work uniform and shoes; it was strange he always changed his clothes after work. The cheap polyester blend was filthy, caked with dried mud, dead leaves on the legs and knees. With closer inspection, he narrowed his eyes and saw a large rip and dried blood on the left leg's side.
”I'm sorry to keep you, little problem down at daycare, but everything is better now, ” Jimmy said, setting down Stella, along with her bag.
“I had to talk to Cas, that's all I'm back,” Jimmy said, wrapping his arms around her.
"I didn't notice," Stella replied, looking at Cas before running off to the swings.
“Dean if you wanna talk about anything you can call me, on my cell or office phone anytime. I'm here,” Cas said, he wondered if Dean had anyone he could lean on in his time of need.
Stella started to cry if he didn't want a baby, then why did he buy her? Why did Cas buy Dean? If they weren't what they wanted.
Bobby watched Dean as he double-checked his clock in and made his way out to the garage.
“Not a morning person?” Dean asked from his position as he began wrapping Clover’s ankle.
“Let me know what I can do to help too; her brother seems better off, ” Elle said, washing the dishes.
Jimmy took a deep breath. He really didn't want to know the answer, but he did want to know the answer, “Were you pregnant?” he whispered, just loud enough for her to hear.
“No, Dean, God!” Ivy said, sounding a bit like an annoyed teenager.
He instantly regretted it after he hit send. He never said anything in these things, but he always made sure to leave a gracious tip. He rubbed his face, hoping the Omega wouldn't be offended by the comment there was nothing he wanted more. He grew harder from watching the Omega slowly rub his hand up and down his clothed covered ass.
Stella smiled and nodded, putting her head down her face, flushed pink.
“That's fine but she's still upset maybe try again tomorrow, just give her some space tonight,” Cas said sitting down.
"She can't hear you," Dean said, annoyed that Jimmy was shouting at his sister.
Stellas bottom lip quivered as she tried not to cry.
“Please, I need you,” Dean whined out, rutting against the Alpha's hand to get one of his fingers to slip inside.
They finally pulled up to the building going in through the underground garage. Stella ducked her head when she saw the sign for the height of trucks allowed through Cas laughed a bit tell Stella she didn't need to dip they weren't going to hit their heads.  Jimmy parked in the spot reserved for them and turned the car off.
The robot tilted it’s head to the side and squinted, “Is something wrong, Master?”
“Ok, I do have a quick question, is there a reason she wears long sleeves it has been warm and it's not cold in here and her file doesn't shed a whole lot of light on her other than she attempted to end her life,” Cas said looking at Dean.
“What are we gonna do?” Harper asked, practically running to keep up.
“Oh, God! Dean?” Cas asked out loud, his attention to the boy sitting on the bed.
Dean pointed to the puppy sitting next to her feet.
Dean wants back over to Benny to strategize how to get the bear again.
“Call him, see if you can still make it, tell him dinner was canceled,” Gabriel said, getting up from the couch.
"Oh sweetheart," Elle said hugging Stella, Elle was learning their version of sign pretty quickly.
. The pain was too much. They both looked at the house as they pulled up, not knowing what to expect. They got out of the car and walked up the stairs.
“Wheres Gabe?” Cas asked, looking for his brother.
“I don't know but she did write some stuff down for the new doc,” Dean said smiling, it was a ste in getting Ivy home.
“I'm sorry I tried to kill you,” she enunciated each word while staring at Dean.
“Good Dr. Novak,” Marv said, appearing outside the door behind Meg.
Dean's eyes filled with tears looking at his sister. He did his best; he didn't know she was sick.
-Sir.
”Is it too soft?” he asked.
“Couple of weeks waiting on a few parts,” Dean said taking his sunglasses off to look at the man.
“I don't think this is a good idea, I think...” Harper started to say but was cut off by Pamela.
“I heard there were some Angels in town; they might know where Lilith is, looking for some payback,” Sam said, with a scoff while drinking his beer.
The men laughed and introduced themselves the messy-haired one was Castiel, and he was going to be Dean's new daddy while the other one was Jimmy, and he was going to take care of Stella.
"No fair," Dean said, walking out of the room.
“NO! please,” Ivy begged, “Don't take him. Please.”
Stella turned her head; she could be mad if she wanted to be. Stella folded her arms across her chest as Jimmy took off her bottoms to change her.
"Mitch," Chuck said softly, trying to get his Alphas attention.
The man paid no attention to Harper but focused on Dean as he moved to help his sister with the older woman.
“And blind because of us,” Dean said, rubbing his face.
”There was a little bat that lived in the barn with us; it liked Stella. It would crawl on her and drink milk off her fingers, ” Dean said with a fond smile.
“Anyways, Marvs nose is fine, I didn't even know she could throw a punch like that,” Meg said making her way to the back side of the desk to get things ready for afternoon meds.
“I would love to,” Cas replied; the butterflies in his stomach started dancing, making it hard for him to eat anymore.
Her eyes flew open once she realized who was talking to her. She squealed with excitement,“Benny!” she breathed out in a very rough unused voice, wrapping her arms around the large mans neck.
“You might be able to get her to talk or at least write stuff down; she did it for Dean occasionally until she found out the other doc wanted to see it, and she stopped,” Meg said with a sigh that doctor was a jerk.
Dean looked at Wren as they pulled into the parking lot, “you ok?” he asked after noticing she hadn't said a word to him the whole ride.
“Had to pee, bad timing,” Ivy said, lifting her head to look at Cas before laying it back down on the other man's shoulder.
“This is inappropriate,” Cas replied, not moving from his spot as the Omega made his way to him.
Cas like to leave the door open if any of the patients wanted to come to talk to him on their own time or something was bothering them. They felt like they could come to him. Lately, it had been Ash occupying most of his time.
Yes, Stella asked too and Jimmy said yes.
"Hey, I'll take over. I have a surprise for Stell," Jimmy said, talking Elles spot.
“Ivy, it's time for your meds,” Anna said, peeking her head in.
Dean would be lying if he said he had never had this kind of fantasy before, but it was different. Down south started betraying him again as all the blood began to rush there, making him hard not to hide anything in the grey sweats he decided to put on, which he was now regretting that choice, seeing as how nothing seemed to get by the bot.
The waitress set pie in front of the twins and sat down; Harper and Dean looked at each other.
“Because Grampa said so, and I think you look handsome,” Blue replied, looking at Gabe in the mirror from behind him.
He parked his car as close to the gate as possible that way. He could make a quick escape if he needed to; he spotted his least favorite brother's car parked right in front of the steps. Cas rolled his eyes as he opened the door, hearing his mother's voice talking about him.
He didn't have an answer. Instead, he rolled over, bringing the blankets up around his shoulders. Closing his eyes as he tried not to think about the bot that had decided to occupy the spot next to him. The rustling of clothing made Dean open his eyes to peek over his shoulder to see what was going on behind him. Dean bolted up when he was surprised to see that Castiel had removed all of his clothes! Now he was standing at the edge of the bed like he was waiting for instructions.
Jimmy and Stella knocked on the door, letting them know it was lunch and that food would arrive in a few minutes.
Dean finished his food and waited for Stella and Sam to finish. Gabriel asked how they knew they were related, and Sam and Dean explained they knew by the way they smelled it was a familiar scent one that family had.
“Nice to meet you,” Dean replied, shaking the man's hand, “I'm gonna check on Cas.”
“Yeah, it's fine,” Cas replied, waving his hand like it was no big deal, smiling at Dean.
“Ok,” Ivy said after Jimmy had already headed down the hall.
Karen shook her head, saying she didn't have any more answers than she as on who or what could have pulled them out of Heaven. Harper nodded, sat down on the couch in his room, looking around at the tacky wallpaper before she picked up one of the books on the coffee table and flicked through it.
”Yes, but not as bad. I tried to help take the diaper off when Stella was wet, but I got in trouble, ” Dean said, putting his head down.
“John Winchester, nice to meet you,” he said, holding out his hand.
Ivy frowned, “Come on, Jimmy, bye, Dean love,” she said, running off. Jimmy right behind her, waving bye to Dean.
“I am yours all weekend, ok?” Dean asked. He had a shopping trip planned to get her more stuff to keep at the house.
"Ok, well, keeping a diaper off for a little bit should help dry it out, also no sex till it's gone, ” he said.
“Because God commanded it,” Castiel replied, stepping closer to the twins; he looked at them and tilted his head, “You don't think you deserve to be saved?” the Demon added looking between the twins in disbelief.
Dean sighed. Ivy had expressed more than once she hated that she talks like a toddler. Gabriel told her that the more she worked at it, the better her speech would get, but she got frustrated.
“The food is ready if everyone is hungry,” Salem announced.
“Hello, Dean, this is Dr. Novak or um..uh Cas… Cas is fine, Ivy’s fine. I guess I should have lead with that. She was having a hard night, she missed you, and I was hoping that maybe you could make it for breakfast at 8 am, but I guess you knew that already; anyways, call back if you can or can't doesn't matter yeah, have a good night.” Dean smiled after listening to the voicemail. It was cute how the doc was tripping over his words.
Dean patted Cas on the shoulder, leading him over to the table where he took Salem's seat, “I don't know how to play,” Cas said, leaning over whispering to Dean.
“Thank you for letting me know,” Cas replied, a smile in his voice.
Cas scoffed, “He walked into my room and told me to my face he doesn't like me,” he replied. Normally he wouldn't care, but it hurt a little bit when Dean said it for some reason.
The Alpha followed, working his knot wishing he was in the tight ass of the Omega in his English class. Breathing heavily, he hit stop on his phone before setting it down and grabbing the towel to clean everything up. Realizing he used his slicked up hand to type, he carefully wiped the keyboard off as well.
“Hi, I'm Cas,” the younger fairy replied, a bit nervous about meeting kings.
https://icebreakerideas.com/campfire-stories/#The_Killer_Under_the_Bed
Dinner was uneventful; Chuck and John decided that a mid-august wedding seemed good. Willow looked like she wanted to say something but instead kept her head down, leaning over to whisper something to Dean that Cas didn't catch; he figured it was something to do with the date. He and Jimmy left after the Winchesters. Jimmy driving looked over at his brother.
”Oh yes, you can wear clothes too, ” Jimmy said, standing, Stella held her arms up. Jimmy smiled, picking her up off the ground.
“Right, you don't,” the waitress replied with attitude, not believing Dean's answer.
Dean sighed under his breath, saying that this was his point. That Castiel wouldn't say no because he was programmed to always say yes. Castiel still was confused by Dean, but the bot didn't argue. He simply let the human feel the way he wanted. He followed him into the living room, Dean noticed the box was gone. Castiel stated he had moved it into the closet for storage, just in case Dean wanted to send him back to the factory for dismantling.
“Oh, oh my god!” Blue said, realizing who Gabe was looking at.
Sam showed up the following morning, announcing that he decided to stay for a few days. The quiet had always helped him clear his mind. Dean agreed, it was a little early for their family to get together, but this was fine and probably something they should do more often.
“I don’t think so, it’s mine now,” Cole said, twirling the bear in his hands.
Cas finished up a few things before leaving for the night. He stopped at the nurse's station to say good night to everyone. He was surprised to see Ivy standing there. According to her file, she usually was in bed after Dean left for the day.
“Nah, I can't she'll wake up,” Jimmy whispered, looking down at Ivy.
Dean worked his shift got off a little later than normal but he figures it was fine. Dean went to the store picking up a gift for Ivy. He had been late the last few times he visited checking his watch he was early for dinner. When he got to the door no one was there to let him in he called Cas, and then Cas’s office he saw and an ambulance outside and hoped it wasn't Ivy. When everyone came down it's wasn't Ivy. Someone Dean didn't know, they let Dean in finally he made his way upstairs. He walked past the nurses desk no one was there which was weird. He went to the dining hall no one was in there either he headed to Ivy’s room the door was shut, locked, he peaked in the window she was in there laying on her bed he went to Cas’s office.
“He kept saying I was talking about a baby,” Cas read out loud. He nodded in that doctorly kind of way,“He told me about that,” he said, Ivy scribbled on the paper again before holding it up for him to read.
Cas has Dean sit and play on the floor next to his desk while he worked on the advertising for Gabriel’s company.
Cas sat at his desk and didn’t say anything covering his face with his hands dragging them down he covered his mouth, he didn't know what to say. This was the first time he had to deal with something like this and who would he talk to? Who could he trust other than Dean? Did the staff know and not say anything? Where they in on it?
Thanks for following along
Comments and Kudos are welcome
They both got out unbuckling their Omegas, letting them climb out. It was easier, Cas grabbed Dean and Stellas bags from the back of the SUV handing one to Jimmy before he picked Stella up to carry her inside. Cas took Dean by the hand, letting him walk.
“Dean, can you tell me what happened?” Jimmy asked, running a soothing hand up and down Stellas back, feeling her vertebrae.
Cas was shocked when he saw the Queen walk in; she looked exactly like his mother, his human mother.
“I think it's dinner time,” Cas said checking his watch.
”Give it back that's her bear, ” Dean said, standing between Bela and Stella.
”I know it's; I wasn't expecting an actual baby, I thought the would at the very least talk. The site said all of the Omegas are cared for by professionals, ” Jimmy was angry.
The Queen turned and looked, spotting where the voice came from. She stopped walking, making her way over to Cas, “I'm so happy you are home.”
“No?” the Angel questioned.
Dean smiled, “Yeah, it's like the family crest,” he replied when he looked up to see when Cas was pointing at.
Stella didn't answer; she was busy trying to stab the eggs with her fork.
“ I did, she punched another patient before I got there. I'm still not sure what got into her,” Dean said picking up the menu and reading it over before telling Benny what he wanted.
“Ivy can you at least give me some reason why you hit Marv?’ Cas asked softly.
“What happened?” Cas asked concern in his voice evident as he made his way into Ivy’s room.
He took a few steps forward, through Cas, and shuddered.
Even from his position behind them Cas could tell the smile he gave Sam was strained, fake.
A look of cold determination on his face, wings arched up high behind him, he began searching for a weaker point and
And sometimes the only thing in his might was trying to make the brothers aware of his presence.
a ghost."
"I didn't sacrifice myself for nothing, Dean. It was worth it."
"Hello, Dean."
part of his body.
It would probably be best if they could have a conversation. There was just the small problem that they couldn't see him. Yeah, really great circumstances.
By now Dean seemed tense enough to snap, his voice wavering with emotions. Sam still didn't look like he believed a word Dean said.
Castiel desperately tried to call his grace, tried to get it to fight back but too much of it was already swallowed by that sound, leaving behind a dark and empty space of nothingness.
It was only now that he noticed
His perplexion only lasted a few seconds before he answered.
Cas' outfit (minus the tie):
A jacket was clutched to his chest.
He didn't know if he was actually hearing words, it was like he just understood the meaning of what the thing was saying. Its form seemed to shift, not staying the same for even a second, yet not changing at all.
The next time he wakes to voices. They're too loud and it's too bright and he wants to go back to the silent floating. The hand is gone.
https://images.app.goo.gl/jZapFjFsdj1royRq6
But he can't stop. That high, that bliss everytime Cas' grace floods through him...
"I don't know. I truly don't."
Unless they were a murderer of course. Which
Doesn't even have the guts to off himself.
Cas took in a deep breath. He could do this.
he had a physical body. Just the slight turn had sent him reeling into the nearest wall – literally, Cas could see the decades-old cables running through it.
The distrust was visible in Sam's eyes, hell, his whole body basically screamed 'I don't trust you'. But there was also a flicker of hope. That terribly human trait would be their end someday.
At about 2 Sam decided to speak up.
Clearing his throat a little awkwardly he decided it was time for a change of topic and pointed at the dinosaur-bird.
He didn't dare finish that thought. Losing Cas again after
The stars around him had gained speed, passing him by until everything was a blur of colours.
Dean smuggles a shard of glass to his room after he breaks a bottle. It's not as good as the knives but it'll have to do.
a neon green cowboy hat with black tigerstripes, a black and blue flannel, neon blue pants held up by a black belt with green diamonds and green-blue cowboy boots. His face was hidden in the shadow of his hat.
Italic: Dean's thoughts Cas can hear
The next thing he knew Cas was not in Dean's room anymore.
"CAS?"
Dean seemed to misinterpret that frown as a response to his prayer, his smile vanishing, eyes going wide as fear and hurt took over his face.
Dean let out an audible gasp.
https://images.app.goo.gl/setBCWUpYeadXXeb9
To say Cas was surprised to see what appeared to be a giant strawberry in front of his face upon awaking would be an understatement.
Cas sighed. Whatever this was, it was so much worse than angel radio. Hearing Dean not even being able to acknowledge his feelings... it stung more than expected. He'd long since resigned himself to the fact that he was alone with his feelings, but, as they say, hope dies last. And oh, wasn't that a funny little word. Hope. Four letters. Four letters to convey an emotion stronger than any other, burning brightly and fighting to stay alive against all odds, even when all seemed doomed there was always a spark.
The second he'd laid his gaze on Dean's soul in hell, he'd started falling. Dean gave life a meaning after Heaven failed him, Dean became the source of his faith, stopped being his mission.
"Sam! Sam, I think there's a ghost here! Or at least something
So he shouts for Sam and he's there and then there's Cas and the world is spinning and they're both fuzzy and they're talking but he can't hear it and then it's so dark. He's floating, it's soft and warm and he wants to stay like this forever.
blushing!"
This isn't beta'd, any mistakes are my own.
Dean lifted his hands to Cas' cheeks, looking like a boy on Christmas. Like he still couldn't believe he was allowed to lightly touch his lips with his thumb.
I hope it's good.
and then Cas shakes his head, letting it fall forwards disappointedly.
He slowly straightened up (pun fully intended) and looked around. From where he stood he could see snow-capped mountains with a forest at their base, a river emerging from it and ending in a waterfall. The sun shone from a clear –
what he'd had in mind but he'd take what he got.
Seeing the look of uncertainty back in Dean's eyes made him answer quickly.
"Sorry."
It wasn't even a question, it was a
Cas realised.
Sam. Sam was alive. And he was talking to someone, so-
"So this...
Cas flies them to the bunker.
"Thats what you think? That I- I'm so... what?
is gone, too. And..."
Then a gun was pointed vaguely to the place where he was floating mid-air.
"Yeah, I know. It's okay." He said with a strained smile.
get him a reaction.
Dean had been his mission at first, a mere mortal. A second in Castiel's life, gone in a heartbeat. Until he wasn't.
A single glare from said angel stopped him midsentence.
that?! Heat flooded his cheeks, his brain really wasn't to be trusted before at least one coffee.
"I'm gonna ask one last time." -his gun was pressed harder into Cas' neck- "Who. Are. You."
And Dean wishes he knew, wishes he knew why he can't stop wanting the pain to last just a little longer, the burn of grace following it to burn just a little hotter, wants to know what the fuck is wrong with him.
have your confession already, you know."
"Wanna go for a ride? It's more comfortable than it looks, I swear. Tested it personally." He winked.
Consciousness came slowly, like mist slowly winding through a sleeping village, cold but peaceful. Dean was reaching out for him, wether it was knowingly or not. Cas' heart ached. If only Dean knew what effect he had on him.
"Don't say that. I know I'm not." He cleared his throat and turned around again, avoiding Cas' eyes.
It wasn't a good idea, Cas knew that much. He could end up destroying not only himself but also his dimension. Then again, what did he have to lose?
Then just as he turned to walk away from the puddle he'd left behind he felt something.
And just when he thought he couldn't take it anymore he landed on something. Hard. Every bit of air in his lungs was forced out, the world going dark.
Cas smiled. He would try, of course, but he didn't have his grace anymore, who knew if it would work. Who knew if they could even get him out of Dean's head. A situation like this was completely unknown to them.
Dean taught him free will.
But being awake while the body you were in woke up, that was definitely new.
He just wanted to close his eyes a bit longer.
If this was how Dean reacted to just the mention of his name, how would he react when he actually
Cas had been walking for only a few minutes when he noticed there was a small dot on the horizon, coming closer slowly but steadily. At first glance it looked like one of the dinosaur-bird hybrids he'd seen earlier, but when he looked closer he saw someone riding on it.
It seemed like that explanation hadn't really cleared things up. "Okay? Dean, that's by far the worst explanation you've given. Ever."
Chuck and Amara were gone, off to somewhere to undoubtedly plan earth's destruction. And what was Dean doing? He was sitting on the floor, crying over his lost love like some chick in a shitty romcom movie.
An idea hit him. A stupid, downright idiotic Winchester idea. He could try to tear a small hole into the fabric of reality, fly through it and mend it as soon as he was on the other side.
In his panic induced haze he failed to notice the silhouette forming in front of him. The noise in his head reaching a crescendo and stopping, leaving a gaping hole where his grace had been.
"Who's.There."
Or at least that's what he tells himself, tells anyone who asks. But deep down Dean knows he needs it.
again.
Dean hid his smile behind an exasperated groan.
"What?! And you didn't tell me?! Cas, what the hell?!"
(See the end of the chapter for
"Oh for fuck's sake, Sammy. Look, I'm here, it's Dean, see? Yayyyy. So if you could take that freakin'
He lies there for a little longer, thinking about how this is how he'll die, impaled by a fucking piece of metal, how the other hunters will think of him, how Sam will think of him, how
to say the least:
"I'm guessing more research?"
Cas wiped his blade on the already ruined trenchcoat. He didn't know what was going to happen next. He'd just done something no one had ever accomplished before, after all. Castiel had just killed an eternal being. The only of its kind.
It seemed like Sam regretted the words before they'd even completely left his mouth as he saw Dean flinch.
He more felt than heard the Empty let out a scream of extreme anguish and came after him.
"You know I'm here for you, right? You know you can tell me anything."
Stella moved the water around with her foot it was warm she liked it, they bathed with cold water, she plopped down, making the water splash all over she looked up at Jimmy who was grinning. Stella played with the water swirling her hand around. She giggled and then slapped the water with her hand splashing Jimmy.
With his attention entirely on the screen, his credit card information was all ready to go, all he had to do was click send when the time came. A lot of other people signed into the chat room, hoping his request would go through. He could feel himself getting hard, the Omega was just sitting there, running his hands up and down his smooth, soft milky white thighs. He absently wondered if they were hairless like most of the smaller Omegas he had seen. He wasn't picky about male or female. He liked both, but there was something that he particularly loved about the soft male Omegas with their lithe bodies and dainty hands. He loved the way their small body would squirm under him. He wished that his neighbor’s nephew, Alfie, had stayed longer, but he had to leave. He’d only stayed with the neighbor for a season before returning home.
“Mr. Novak Becky is on the phone, something about Stella won’t stop crying.”
“Stelly, you look cute,” Dean said, smiling.
She was stunned; what the hell was that supposed to mean? Did he know something about her gift and ability to do magic? Harper was too shocked to say anything; adrenaline was too high to think straight; she looked to Dean to fight or run. Dean moved over to his sister as Castiel turned his focus on him, “You were at the gas station,” he said, pointing at the Demon.
He rubbed his face in frustration. He no longer wanted anything to do with technology. Running a hand through his hair, Dean headed to bed.
Elle sat a plate in front of Dean with a sippy cup of milk doing the same to Stella. Dean dove in, peanut butter and jelly with carrots and grapes.
“Such a good boy,” Cas mumbled as he rubbed the abused flesh.
“What's today?” Cas asked, confused as he looked around the cafe, smiling when he met the eyes of a sweet young thing at a booth, all by his lonesome.
“I don't wanna talk about my mother,” Cas replied quickly. Dean was sure he heard Cas’s voice crack a bit.
“Look who finally decided to join us,” the voice of his father announced. His voice was loud on the tile floor, which made it boom in Cas’ ears.
“Hey Cas, everything alright?” Dean asked, concern in his voice.
“Did she now? I may go visit our girl this evening” Benny said, smiling at the thought of Ivy making steps.
Stella was looking around opening her mouth so Jimmy would put more in her mouth she smiled at him. He was sweet and smelled good; he didn't get mad because she spilled on her dress.
Stella made grabbing hands towards her brother he waved and smiled, happy they were in the same room again.
Jimmy laughed, “I had the same thought, Dean, not that bad. He's just mad,” he said, putting out the joint and handing the roach back to Cas.
“Nah, man, I got visitation with Cas this weekend; I'm good,” Jimmy said, turning to go back into the room.
“I get that. Hungry?” Dean asked, pushing the nachos towards her.
“Castiel,” Pamela questioned.
"You know how to sign?" Jimmy asked, walking to the cabinet, letting Stella be for a moment.
‘Nothing, just miss hanging out,” Ivy replied with a shrug.
Everyone took a seat at the dining room table; Cas looked around that place was amazing the table was made of solid oak it looked old, the room had a lived-in feeling to it, it wasn't like his family’s house the cold, don't touch anything or you'll never hear the end of how hard it was to get the fingerprints out type.
“Sorry,” ivy wrote holding the paper up so it covered her face.
Sam smiled wide, grabbing his sister and swinging her up in the air. Salem squealed and laughed as Dean grabbed her from Sam.
“Okay, see ya soon,” he replied.
“You wanna see the rest of the house?” Dean asked as he cleared the rest of the food from his plate.
“You better not get my sister in trouble; remember what happened last time?’ Dean asked, giving the purple-haired fairy a pointed look.
“Can I see her?’ Dean asked, “I wanna make sure she's ok.”
Jimmy's phone rang; he turned to answer the call. He was buried in conversation when Cas asked where Stella was looking around. They all started shouting her name Dean spotted her.
“We will talk when you wake up,” Cas said, kissing Dean one more time before covering him with a blanket before heading to the bathroom.
“All part of my charm,” Cas said. In truth, he was happy that he made Ivy laugh. Maybe he could get her to talk too.
“She went for a walk down to the pond,” Dean answered as he turned to set the plate of bacon down on the table, “Cas should be down soon.”
Jimmy stood up and removed the tray Stella made a face, but she wasn't going to fight. She didn't like the wet feeling. Jimmy lifted her, placing her on his hip and heading up to the playroom.
”I think we should get some pacifiers, ” Cas said, nodding to Dean, who was sucking on his thumb as well.
