Dean slips his favorite cassette into the deck he built himself, and hums along to Queen’s
"Yeah. Give me half an hour or so, we're gonna stop between random solar systems to do it. Let's get a few lightyears out first."
Shit, but Dean didn’t think he was that transparent.
There's no denying this.
As he fills the beer glasses, he continues, very conscious of keeping his poker face. 'I never quite got to that part where I show you what I like.' And since things have always been easier to say via prayer, he goes on, in his mind, as he makes his way across the room serving drinks. 'You don't need to be fancy with me. I love a hand around my cock as much as the next guy. I know I'll love your mouth on me, simply because it'll be
And he knows he's right, it can't be.
“Our first settlement was… cursed, some believe. The sun of the solar system was very bright, and the atmosphere didn’t protect our skin the way it was expected to. So to resist the high levels of UV light, our skin turned to this.”
Completely at random.
Are they there yet? Is it implied? Doesn't it sound stupid and like – way too little for what they actually are to each other?
One smaller Drifter is up on his back, trying to choke him, but Dean plants his feet to gain leverage and throws them right over his shoulder to slam them into the floor. It hits the air right out of them and Dean, still on one knee and perched above them, aims and hits his fist into their temple. Their eyes close.
“Thanks for coming out to help me,” Sam changes the subject, seamlessly. No need to linger there. “However, my brother is already on his way to get us a new hyperspace converter. It broke.”
"Because people who want to date and people who I'd like to fuck don't exist, not in that combination anyway. And that’s not me being dramatic, it's a fact. We're talking about entirely different species here."
“Oh, don’t be such a wuss.” Dean huffs. “Jump now, be there in ten. Or drive for six hours.”
They grab drinks for themselves and as they head over, it becomes evident that there's not really any space any more at the table. Jo takes it with grace and hops onto Charlie's lap, who kisses her cheek in greeting. “Done for the night, babe?” she asks.
Anyway, Sam agrees, so there's that.
“Cas,” he pants. And he has no idea what he wanted to say in the first place, too many feelings all at once, not conflicting ones, but
As you can probably guess, we're rapidly approaching the finale of this fic, but don't worry, at least three chapters left. I haven't planned it out yet. But I promise you three chapters, at least. Maybe an epilogue. But who am I kidding, this fic is an epilogue in and of itself, that's the whole point of me writing this.
And then they just stand there, on the bridge, in a loose circle, and Sam looks between all of them. “So, what happened? Is this heaven?”
Dean deflects, teases her instead. “What's new with you and Jo?”
Whatever. It’s not like he’s going to see him again anytime soon, not if Cas doesn’t call him.
“But I want to know why,” Dean states, lips tight, teeth grinding. He picks up his spoon and starts to eat, after all. “We gotta find them.”
What the fuck, brain.
Ellen waves at him from behind the counter, puts a beer in front of him and says. “Sit. You hungry?”
Dean looks up at Cas, pulls his own bottom lip between his teeth and lets it pop out again. Very deliberately runs his hand over Cas' hip down to between their bodies. Cas lifts up, gives Dean enough room to slip his hand between them, leans on one elbow.
Dean squeezes Cas' shoulder, then steps back to take a look around. “Anyone else need anything before I head back?”
The rest of the night breezes by, until Eileen grabs a definitely-past-tipsy Sam under the shoulders and hauls him home. Until Dean leans across the table with a smirk and grabs Cas' chin and kisses him, and says, “Take me home?”
Cas is still panting and Dean is still trying to come down from this particular rush.
Next to his erect dick, just three layers of cloth between them, Cas' cock twitches.
Being alone in the bathroom is a moment of sweet relief. Dean is still working his way through everything that happened in those few minutes, in bed with Cas. His head is spinning, both ways, the good and the bad.
With a roll of his eyes, Dean meets Cas' eyes. Of course he wouldn't get anything by Cas. “I was wondering, earlier. What to do. I know, I can do whatever I want. But there's not much that... you know. I only got so much to do on the Impala. And I love when it is finished.”
Dean redirects the small shield they have to cover the ship’s upper side.
“You know, if you want,” Ellen gestures at the bar. “We could use another set of helping hands here on the weekends.”
It eats Dean alive and he’d have to lie to say that he doesn’t think about Mary every day, every hour.
Dean hums and finds himself faced with the reality that this, right here, is all it's going to be from here on out. Heaven and hell are locked up and there are no more monsters to hunt, no more worlds to save. All it's going to be is just him and Cas, and maybe Sam and Rowena, and definitely Jack. And that thought should be scary but isn't. Not at all.
Dean raises an eyebrow.
Mary's smile is bright, but when she tilts her head at Dean, he has the feeling like he's being completely see-through for her. “John is still out hunting.”
“Traffic accidents don't happen, Dean. Heaven is set up that way.”
Dean takes a deep breath. Smells salt and sweat and warmth and fresh grass. Noses against Cas' neck, draws patterns across his skin with his lips, kisses his pulse point. Forces himself to relax, to lay down, to settle.
He can only imagine the chapter title. 'Angels inhabiting a vessel and the consequential effects on sperm qualities and taste of bodily fluids'.
in the air as they slip through the fourth and halfway into the fifth dimension, without being restricted by the speed of light.
“You can always come visit, you know. Most people know I'm not into socializing too much and leave me alone, but, you - feel free to drop by whenever.”
Cas' response is a thing of beauty. With a roll of his back that runs from his neck down to his groin, Cas shudders, pushes against Dean's hand, and Dean is breathless with need. He latches onto Cas' neck, kisses whatever patch of skin he can reach, sucks at Cas' collar bone because he will never get enough of Cas' groans, so authentic, so wonderful.
Not this time.
Jo studies him with a knowing spark in her eyes. “And you're nervous.”
Cas' frown dissipates. “Isn't it assumed that we do those things if we're in a relationship? Why did she even want to know, then?”
Dean still works the rest of the night. He doesn't pray about more sexual stuff, though, for his own and Cas' sanity.
Dean breathes through the reflex of jumping up, of reaching under his pillow for his Colt.
Only thinking about that orgasm makes Dean's insides tingle. It was
Cas is hard against Dean's hip, and that's just unfair, isn't it.
Dean has not felt this embarrassed since Dad caught him kissing a girl in the backseat of the Impala when he was sixteen.
He keeps his eyes firmly shut. What would he see, if he opened them right now? Cas, looking as wrecked as Dean feels, blue eyes drowned out by his wide pupils, lips slack and spit-slick and--
“Aw, crap.”
And ok, maybe those two share some characteristics. It's kind of funny, that whole one-word-dialogue.
With a smug chuckle, Dean comes up next to her. “Correction, that's the
He smiles at the Great Wagon.
And shit, he hasn't answered Sam's text yet.
“I don't know why I--” Cas breaks off, stares into the distance.
Ever since that day in the bunker, ever since the Empty took Billie and took Cas, ever since Cas laid out all the cards in his hand while Dean wasn't even aware of the game of Poker going on – ever since then, he tried to process that piece of information. At first, he was in full denial. When it hit that Michael and Lucifer were gone, and God was no more, and everything was fine and they were free – when it hit, it hit hard.
The status quo is fucked one way or another, now that they know.
Eileen nods. “What's happening now?”
“Geez,” Dean rolls his eyes, but goes to get himself a beer, and rifles through the freezer while he’s there. Who knows how long they’ll have to wait for help. This corner of the galaxy isn’t exactly a populated one or part of a known traveling route.
He imagines it, with Cas' finger slipping lower, tip resting right at the puckered hole, and gasps.
Smiles, tilts his head, and shows Cas what learning by doing is all about, the flutter in his stomach bursting into a million tingling shocks cursing through his veins.
“Gee, sexy,” Dean snarks, can't help it.
Because he feels Cas' hard cock frot against his and he's hard as a rock, too. The friction is delicious and it works for him, but now that he tasted blood, he wants more.
“So it's alright if I'm very, very happy that you'll be around more? I feel... I don't know. I've never felt like this, even when we were still on earth, and you were gone for weeks at a time.”
“Do you have a set of cards?”
“I want to do something you'd like to do,” Dean starts, all good intentions and lessons learned.
Dean and Jo finish and clean up. Dean puts an arm around her shoulders when she throws the cleaning rag into the sink. “I'd say that's a job well done for the two of us.” And puts two shot glasses in front of her.
To think that he was once convinced that angels didn't have the equipment to care, and if they did, it broke them.
Dean blinks, still taking in the situation. “There anything to eat around here?”
“Well, d’uh. The galaxy needs to know the truth. Not to mention all the other things going wrong that people seem to just have accepted. The fact that Terrans will always be third-class citizens for a start.”
He smiles a small, lopsided smile. “Heya, Sammy,” he says, like they're still kids, like he did when he was sixteen and picked up Sam from school, like he did when he was ten and Sam returned from the fill-up joint across that week's greasy motel, like he did when he fetched Sam from his college dorm, that fateful night.
Cas has him restrained, effectively, and Dean's dick twitches at the realization.
Charlie nudges his elbow. “To be fair, some of the fans online argued that you were banging since... when did the fourth part of the series come out? About nine years ago.”
“As long as you don't push it in, we don't need lube, but a little spit will make things easier,” he grins, then sucks Cas' fingers into his mouth, slowly, watching as Cas' lips drop open and attentive, electric blue eyes turn hazy, eyelids falling shut, almost.
The voice is smarmy, condescending, heavy with arrogance and barely hidden distaste, and fits its owner perfectly.
“What's up?” Dean stops, in the middle of the doorway, where he almost runs into Sam and Rowena from behind.
It's a theme park, but a glorious one. The sign above the entryway reads 'Pullman City'.
Her hair shimmers auburn and dark, held together by a tight bun at the back of her head. Her expression gives nothing away, but her eyes flicker over to Castiel for a moment.
The memory catches him so off-guard, he's full-on laughing, curling into his knees. Hence why in the end, he doesn't hear neither bees buzzing nor feathers fluttering. But he feels the Impala's front suspension dip with another body's weight and still chuckles when he sees him.
. And Cas is so cuddly and soft, but also – Dean rubs his hand down his back over his hipbones, to his stomach, to his back, to his ass – fucking hot. Muscles in all the right places. Hair where Dean never thought he'd find it attractive, but now he can't get over how there's no middle ground, here. There's no pretending about smooth skin almost being soft like a woman's, no, there's no curves to this body next to his, there's stubble around the lips that kiss him, daily. There's no denying that he loves a man.
Dean remembers nights spent out past curfew with his fake ID, hustling pool and drinking. Sam fighting Dad at every turn, every corner, rebelling, pushing the limits. Leaving.
They sit down on the still-warm hood, knees touching, and Dean leans back against the windshield. It's glass and it's hard and uncomfortable, and the windshield wiper digs into his ass, but he doesn't mind. Not when Cas is lying beside him, staring up at the stars with him.
And as Donna and Ellen get familiar, Dean and Jo pour champagne into flute glasses and get them out to the people at the tables and booths, and Dean doesn't even need to get Ash, who has heard it all from the kitchen, where he's flipping burgers today.
When Cas pops up, the porch swing rocks back and forth with his weight dropping against it. “Heya, Cas,” Dean says warmly, saving his beer from spilling.
Sam is wary, shooting him a worried look from the corner of his eye.
Cas' eyes are closed, and he's already half asleep.
Charlie’s eyes turn soft and crinkle at the corners as she suppresses a consoling smile. “Aw, Dean.”
They park Baby in a quiet corner of the sprawling parking lot next to the spaceport. The neon sign of The Cantina flickers in a light blueish green as they enter the bar, only a few minutes later.
Sighing in delight, Dean loads his plate and fills up his mug with coffee.
More than anything, Dean loves getting to know what Cas tastes like – sweet like beer, tangy from tequila, and at the back, there's this characteristical taste that Dean already knows is all Cas.
Who's so proud of these two boys? I am! Are you?
Which — okay, he shouldn’t presume, she probably isn’t. Which begs the question— “Why would I trust you?”
Sam scowls at her, shakes the weird feeling off, or tries to. “What do you mean?”
She hollers an order of specific whiskey brands “on the rocks!” – cue Dean rolling his eyes inwardly – and Dean pours them while she still speaks, bustling around collecting empty beers and red bulls cans.
Clean sheets, sweat, residue of hair wax and a hint of aftershave tickle his nose. His cheek is wet, probably from drooling in his sleep onto the shirt underneath his face.
“It's not,” Cas says, head tilting to the side, staring at Dean with that unblinking gaze. “You know that.”
Cas nudges his side, a reminder not to be an asshole.
“Nothin’.”
“Dorothy.”
This time: Dean and Sam check out Akkarea, meet a new ally, and a phone call escalates.
Mary hesitates. He hears footsteps and thinks that she's maybe going to another room, to not be overheard. It only makes him more nervous. “I think he's still processing,” Mary sighs. “You're a different man now, different from when he knew you and he already has a hard time dealing with that. Never mind the fact that you brought home a guy.”
And because teasing Cas is the most wonderful part of all of this, he spits out his mouthful of toothpaste, drops his soaked underwear and joins Cas under the shower.
I feels so good, so right.
I know we've had some inconsistent writing for John over the years, but while I don't think that John deserves redemption or forgiveness, he's not as black and white a character as he's often painted to be. So I hope you can see the John I pictured here. The way I see it, there can never be an excuse for what John did, but there can be explanations.
“You bet we got french toast.”
Shit, are they having sex? They haven't even kissed yet!
Dean grins. “Right. So, um, Cassie, this is Castiel. Cas, this is Cassie, my ex-girlfriend.”
Dean breathes, and surrenders.
I meant to drop this chapter this morning but as we are all aware, news broke and adjustments had to be made. Expect minor changes to chapter 1, too.
He uses the toilet, splashes some water onto his face and brushes his teeth.
“Depends.”
Dean is completely aware of his lovesick sigh at Cas' back. He can't help that, either.
The moan that rips out of him is unexpected and all-encompassing. For a moment, he sees stars as he feels himself tip over the edge, coming in his underwear.
Dean picks at the label of his bottle, doesn't meet her eyes. He hasn't told anyone about this, not even Sam, and he probably would and will tell Sam, but Sam is not here, so. “He sacrificed himself to save me, when it all went down with God. It was--” he huffs, shifts his feet under himself. “A lot, all at once. We were trapped in the bunker. No way out, none, Death chasing us. And then he... To add to all
Dean nods, wraps his arm around Cas' waist. “Zap us to the Roadhouse? Baby isn't exactly run-and-drive, right now.”
For a moment, Dean doesn't think he'd object to either.
Cas smiles, then reaches up to grab Dean's shoulders with both hands. “And you know there's no need, and no rush to do anything.”
“Alright, I'll get the drinks,” Ash says, then adds on his way out, “You two, get Dean up to speed.”
“Not really, no,” Dean huffs, smiles. “Among other things, he, uh. Dropped the L-word. And I was speechless, you know, stunned. It came completely out of nowhere. And then the Empty took him and Billy.”
“So, how have you been doing?” Dean asks Charlie while Ash hits the bathroom after round no. 4. She slides down the edge of the sofa to sit next to him.
Dean grins. “So, let's see what everyone's been up to?”
It's a busy night at the Roadhouse, and Dean is thankful for it, because that means he doesn't have time to overthink what happened.
Dean doesn't argue her point any more, even though he kind of looks forward to all the vegan jokes he can pull on Sam when he gets here.
Dean's heart hammers away in his chest. “And the best part is when you sink all the way down, into my mouth, up to the base, and it feels like fucking me already.”
Being alone with this thought is, somehow, cathartic.
“Dracula,” Ellen shrugs. “Black currant and ginger liquor. If a hunter goes down by vamp, this is what we toast with. If it's a shapeshifter, we go with whiskey, wendigo is vodka, Nazi zombie is Korn. You get the idea.”
“Dean,” Cas starts, looking straight at him, before his gaze shifts to the page before him, “I thought a lot about what my vow would be today, what I would even promise you. After all we've been through, you and I, it seems so insignificant. And yet, it's the most important part of it all, the reason why we're here. I wasn't supposed to get too close to the humans in my charge, and yet I did. I wasn't supposed to fall in love with you, and yet I did. We were not meant to be, and yet here we are. You told me once, to 'don't ever change'. And yet, you've changed me. Not only that, but you also changed alongside with me, and together, we cared too much about the whole world. It never was destiny or some divine plan, it was always just dumb luck with the two of us. I love you for all that you are, Dean. So let me promise you this: I will be by your side and change with you, wherever our road may lead us.”
Dean finds an empty room in the basement, walls blank and waiting for sheet rock to be fixed to it. He can see himself working here, equipping the room with a TV and a comfy couch, a place to watch movies and play games and hang out with his favorite people. They also find that the house only has one bedroom, and kind of avoid eye contact for a few moments after that realization.
part.
Unusual, but comfortable. It's a quiet car ride, a Boston song humming low from the speakers to fill the silence. They don't talk.
Cas sniffles in his sleep and it's adorable, and Dean shifts to lie more on top of him, one knee wedged between Cas', his head at his shoulder, his arm slung around Cas' middle.
Dean's cock twitches, and at least it's his own hand atop Cas' on his stomach that gets to feel that.
Dean thinks.
“Get a fucking room, you two!” he calls out. With a sigh, he turns his back on them and nudges Cas' side. “C'mon, we should probably get this cleaned up.”
“By the way,” Ellen interrupts his thoughts, bless her. “You should take a look into Ash' room.”
Dean thinks about growing old and gray with Cas, forever those two gay uncles to Sam's son. Cas with white hair, using a cane, grumbling over the newspaper with a cup of coffee. It makes him smile.
A small smile spreads on Cas' lips. “There are... a lot of people there, waiting for you.”
“If he does, why would he tell us?”
“Define that,” Sam throws in.
(See the end of the chapter for
It's like the good old times, at the bunker, bustling around each other, Dean catching too-hot toast and Sam insisting on veggie bacon.
He never thought a simple handjob could feel like this. Could feel like a hormonal rush, like the first time all over again, could feel so hot and yet so same-different. Of course he's had a hand around his dick every once in a while, one that wasn't his.
Because Cas is worth it, has always been worth it.
Oh, how Dean loves it when he gets Cas to talk dirty. He nibbles at Cas' neck. “No objections,” he clarifies. “Though I can't guarantee that I won't come the second I wake up.”
Dean laughs. “Or you could've been my kept househusband.”
Dean blinks. “Of course,” he echoes, rubs his eyes in disbelief. “Of course you’d have that as your ultimate goal.”
Another suspicious pause.
Castiel doesn’t so much as flinch as he gets up in one fluid move and walks up to the door, which swings open with a metallic click of the lock. His face is as unreadable as Naomi’s, the scowl between his eyebrows pointed and hard.
It's only then that Dean notices the fourth set of cutlery and dishes, and right when he wants to ask, there's a flutter in the air.
(See the end of the chapter for
They don’t react, not directly, but they look around, and find the camera eventually. Long, dark hair drapes over the humanoid’s shoulders as she pulls off her helmet and signs the intergalactic sign for peace, index and middle finger held up in a V. Then she waves.
They play until another refill is in order, both drink-wise and mentally, and Dean hasn't laughed so hard in years. The whole game is childish and inappropriate and ridiculous in all the ways Dean loves.
“Guy knows how to do his homework, got us all the details for the missions. To his credit, he hasn’t led us wrong so far." Dean shrugs, then follows Sam into the kitchen. "He's just trying to get by, just like us. If this is how he's making his living, and if this is how we can make ours… that’s fine by me."
He pauses, waits for Cas to speak.
Dean recruits Cas for kitchen duty, puts him in an apron, without a clue in the world of how delectable he would look, how domestic – not that Dean was previously aware of that apparent kink of his. He swallows it down.
“No,” Dean spits, gets to his feet, “No, Sam, no, you don’t get to say this to me, alright? I know you don’t, but I remember her. I remember every goddamn Sunday morning and PB&J and — fuck you.” And with that, he storms off towards Baby.
Dean nods around a mouthful of beer, swallows before he says, “Sure.”
With a shrug, Dean turns around. “That didn’t bother anyone I— Oh, hey, Ash!”
Cas nods, pulls his bottom lip into his mouth, bites down, lets it slip back out and licks the dryness off.
But he noses against Cas' neck again as soon as he has the pan back on the stove, and trails his hands along the seam of Cas' boxers and just wallows in the smell of Cas all around him.
Dean takes that as a Yes and goes to examine the contents of their dresser and closet.
Sam chuckles.
Cas shrugs. “I was.”
But when Castiel’s blue, blue eyes drop to Dean’s lips, and he parts them in a silent gasp, Dean also knows that he has rarely been so hard in his life. Despite just escaping from a dangerous situation. There’s a challenge, there’s some kind of energy here, and Dean feels it build, and build, and then he notices the obscene bulge in Castiel’s flight pants, straining against the teflon-coated suit, and his mouth waters.
They have time, now.
The fish turns out excellent, and of course Dean eats a bit of the salad, just because Cas made it. Or so he tells himself.
“And there are a few points where someone who knew what they were doing could have manipulated it,” Eileen adds. “It was going to fail one way or another, sooner or later. I’d say it's not repairable.”
Dean nods. “I think,” he starts anew, pulling down the zipper of Cas' jeans, “all I need is some practice.”
“We stocked up just before we crashed here,” Sam explains. “So thanks, but I’m good.”
“So tell me, if heaven is like a conjoined sandbox game on different levels, which I assume it is because how else would it fit that many souls and their respective places, is it like a Minecraft map code that puts every soul on a spawn point or... what?”
Cas, not after last night, not after—
So Dean snaps another round of whiskey into existence and gets her up to speed. Beside him, Cas is silently listening, his thigh pressed against Dean's, shoulders bumping every so often.
“Crowley,” Sam nods.
As a matter of fact, Dean has no idea what she is talking about. There's the thought that she's suggesting what everyone else is suggesting, what everyone has held over their heads, since forever
Dean pours a beer from the tap and decidedly does not think about how Cas tasted on his tongue, salty and musky and-- Lines up shot glasses for Ouzo shots and does not think about the way his jaw is a bit sore from the unusual strain. How much he enjoys that reminder, too, whenever he grins. He looks at Cas and is so glad he made him change out of his well-fitting suit because Dean would not be able to work otherwise. Jeans and a white tee and a blue-and-white flannel, he can deal with. The shirt is a bit tight around Cas' chest, though.
It doesn't change anything now.
At least little Dean has cooled off now.
Pulling his gun out from his holster, Castiel falls into a run beside Dean, and they pick up the pace when they hear a shout from behind them — someone apparently called for backup.
“And you?”
So Dean prays. 'I pray to Castiel to turn his cute ass around and acknowledge his boyfriend being worried about him.'
he thinks. “Good night, Cas.”
And sometime along the way, friendship and fondness became commitment and responsibility, became devotion and caring and not wanting to live without the other.
(See the end of the chapter for
With nothing else to do, a gloomy feeling follows them back up to the kitchen, where Sam gets himself a coffee, first. He needs to sober up; this is serious and it’s been seven hours, give or take, since Dean left. It’s the middle of the night, and Sam wonders.
Cas gives him the stink eye before he gets under the cover.
Jimmy's eyes flicker between the two of them. “I know I haven't been here since... that night. But I talked to my wife a lot, and of course Claire has been a godsend. I know you did the best you could, Jody in particular, and I appreciate it. So we're good, yes.”
Dean tips his head side-to-side. “Yeah, well. It's better than that dress shirt that's way too big on you. So I don't mind, I guess.”
Dean can't help but smile at him, a bit lopsided. Once upon a time, he wouldn't have been able to relate. Before Jack. But he gets it now. “She grew up to be one hell of a fine woman, though we – well, Jody, rather – really had our hands full. She became a hunter, on her own accord. Met the love of her life, actually, during hunting. You'll be proud of her.”
, there's not one but two programming geniuses, brothers who saved the world, and a grumpy old man who helped. A lot.
With a wink of his own, he puts on his most confident swagger and heads down the other side of the bar.
Dean motions for him to open it.
They're cocooned in a layer of sheets, and it's warm and perfect and Dean doesn't want to face the world just yet.
How can he ever make him understand, when there aren't words for this kind of stuff.
Cas nudges his knee, pulling him out of the memory.
“That grouchy son of a bitch wouldn't sell shit even if we charged anything or paid him,” Ellen rolls her eyes fondly. “He'd rather watch Jeopardy or hang out with Rufus,” she adds with a nod towards the corner where Dean noticed the two yesterday as well, “but they're like an old married couple. I don't hear the end of it when they fight until they kiss and make up again.”
With a tilt of his head and a frown, Dean shakes his head. “What?”
“Pffft,” Dean snorts.
So he lets it happen. Lets his body do what it craves, allows the shudder to zip down his spine as Cas sucks at the skin on his neck.
Leans forward, thumb and index finger curled around the base of Cas' dick, and takes him into his mouth.
Anyway.
He has just enough presence of mind left to open his eyes and watch Cas come, too. Dean struggles to find words for what he's feeling, but then again, he's still riding the high of his orgasm.
“Okay. Why?”
Then she points at the door of the airlock again, and signs again — ‘S.O.S.’.
“Dean—” Castiel starts, low under his breath.
Surprise sex scene! Did you like it? I love me some phone sex... :D our boys really missed each other. Makes you wonder how they will meet next... but first, Dean and Sam have a mission and Cas has some stuff to deal with...
But now what.
That makes Dean snort. Bisexual, swinging both ways, potatoe-potato. “Call it whatever.”
Dean waves them back in.
Cas catches him looking and blinks once, before his lips quirk upwards.
“No,” a parched, dry voice interrupts. Cas coughs, and Dean springs to action, pats his back, reaches up for water, finds the next-best thing – a cold cup of coffee on the table. After accepting it without looking at Dean, Cas takes tiny, careful sips of it, then downs the whole cup when he notices it's cold, although he winces at the taste. “No, Chuck. I'll rip out my grace. Take it, I don't need it. Jack... Jack, take my grace from me.”
They are already standing way too close, but that’s not exactly new. Cas has been inside his bubble of personal space more often than not, and the weirdest part is that it doesn’t even bother Dean. This time, when Dean’s eyes flit down to Cas’ lips without meaning to, he turns his head.
Dean leans against the shelf behind him, puts one foot in front of the other to draw the attention away.
He knows Cas will be back anyway.
“It didn't last, obviously,” Charlie grins.
Dean gives up, lets himself drift, no, blow right past the edge and comes with a groan, and at least he manages to look at Cas all through it. The pinched wrinkles around his eyes smooth out with laugh lines when he starts to grin, and Dean's heart is full, so full.
“Like I just barfed my guts out? Fucking paralyzing guns.” Dean hangs his head between his knees, ignores his own state of undress. When a thought hits him, he laughs a humorless laugh. “This would be funny, you know. I’ve known you for less than 24 hours, but you’ve seen me in my underwear, and now even naked, and you’ve met Bobby. Not many people can say that.”
See you next Friday, lovely people, and thanks for reading! Leave me a comment, ask me anything... :D
“You underestimate the quality of your company, Dean,” Cas smiles, takes his hand.
“Chuck,” Sam chokes out. “What are you...”
“Tokyo, Shibuya.”
Then Charlie is right there, hugging him, hugging Cas – whose hands are full of BBQ sauce and ketchup and pickle juice and he holds them to the side and up like the Sphinx and it's gloriously awkward. Dean almost snorts out his mouthful of water.
He shrugs, tries to hide his bashfulness by looking away, into the distance. “You're rubbing off on me. Pun not intended.”
He can’t answer, gasps, breathless, against Castiel’s neck.
a treasure, my baby. I'm glad he took good care of her.”
“Son,” Bobby snaps. “Listen to me. I know they are your parents. I know we spent ten years on the go, just looking for them. Trust me, I’ve been there. And I’m the last person to tell you you can’t go after this lead, old and cold as it is. I’m just sayin’, you don’t
or do you enjoy it?” Cas asks, voice a grumbling, broken mess that does all kinds of things to Dean.
the head tilt and the frown and the squinty eyes. “How?”
They fall into it, with no time to spare, just needs to take care of. “Want you—” Castiel says, a broken, half-sentence that ends when Dean’s hand finds the hardness between his legs, covered by fabric, tenting, concealing. All for Dean. All because of Dean.
They sit and drink in silence, and Dean realizes that he has the perfect opportunity, right here, right now. However, he doesn't know where to begin without sounding like a spoiled brat.
Cas eyes the bottle, then takes it. “You knew I was here, that I would come.”
Dean smiles.
With a wink, Sam shrugs. “Nah, not like you won’t be back soon enough. But I can't deal with you when you've got your eyes somewhere else all night, so go on, get it out of your system.”
Dean knows he's staring with his mouth open, but at that statement, his jaw drops. There's not a sliver of doubt, not a single piece of insecurity in Cas' voice. It makes Dean's knees go wobbly with the weight of Cas' words. He could laugh and cry in a single breath, if he'd dare to breathe right now.
swirling in his chest. He goes for humorous. “For once I'm trying to keep it in my pants 'cause I like kissing you and then you go and do that.”
He fills a glass with tap water and another two with the best whiskey he can find on the shelf and brings them over.
The half moon is just enough to be clearly visible through the treetops, but not too bright to dull out the stars around it. Dean can see constellations, tries to name them, spots the north star when Cas grabs his hand.
Last time: frottage in the bed, handjobs in the kitchen, breakfast with Sam and the meatman in the local diner.
Dean leans back in, then goes back in, kisses Cas again.
Speaking of short and stocky — not like he was born here, on this planet the locals call ‘Geuse’ in a shortened version of the atrocious name, but — Bobby fits right in. “Was wonderin’ when you two’d show up ‘round here again.”
Cas' hand drops and
“Nah, we'll just hang a sock on the door,” Dean jokes.
Cas turns adorably flustered and leaves half a second later.
“We could always find a job,” Cas muses. “Didn't you want to open a bar once? You could open a bar.”
“Dude,
And still, meeting Eileen again is a twist he did not see coming. A pleasant surprise. So Dean wraps his arms around her shoulders and holds her close. She seems spooked and still shaky.
After a dramatic pause, she nods at one of the guards, looks pointedly at the lock on the door.
“Who are you?” he asks the Akkarean.
Sam puts his spoon back into his chili, and Dean kind of just stares at him, heart beating too fast, stomach queasy. It’s been too long. Of course he always swore he’d find his parents. But after 22 years of radio silence, of no one reaching out, of frantic search, of less frantic search, of general search, and then kind of doing their own thing and searching because that’s what they did — yeah, no. Dean never expected to ever hear these words, from Charlie or from anyone, no matter how much he’s always insisted that their parents were still out there. Sam covers his mouth with his hand, eyes wide.
She nods, then says, "Hello," a bit too quiet, slow and carefully pronounced. "My name is Eileen from the folk of the T'narrian."
Without another word, Eileen hands him a beer, which Dean gulps down half of in one go. “This is so not happening the way I thought it would.”
Dean groans and heaves himself into a sitting position. The floor is slick and cold under his hands — polished metal. When he opens his eyes with some effort, he feels a hand on his shoulder. The hand is warm, rough fingertips meeting his shoulder blade, stroking, but steadying him, and he does need it, anchors his shaking, spinning world to that hand.
Cas shrugs and nods and
Which is, of course, the exact moment Cas enters the kitchen. "Hello, Charlie."
Two weeks pass by in a blur. They don’t talk much, at least not more than necessary.
That's also when he spots his Mom coming up to the bar and the half-chubbie in his pants dies a quick, unrelenting death.
tastes wonderful and Dean is glad he didn't skip it. He doesn't bother getting dressed. He texts Sam that brunch is a thing that's going to happen in about an hour or two, and Sam asks for Dean to pick him up.
Dean says nothing. He doesn't want to worry Cas. So he gets out, motions Cas to follow him.
Dean blinks. “What, 'No'?”
to follow this lead. Not like they got anything else to do, really.
John turns to Cas, then, and Dean swallows. “Castiel, son, welcome to our house,” he says, offering his hand for Cas to shake. “Feels strange saying this to an angel,” he adds as an afterthought, wincing. Probably noticing how out of place that 'son' was. And what exactly is 'strange', here? Calling Cas, whom he barely knows, 'son'? Welcoming Dean's boyfriend, partner, into the house is strange because he's an angel and heaven is his home, anyway? Or because he's a guy or because all of the above?
What the hell just happened here?
Dean grins. “Couldn't resist.”
So here they are, in a booth for once instead of at the bar, and Dean leans back and enjoys the fact that he is not the center of attention.
Isn't this ironic.
“Does that mean you're with me? Are you in on this, sis?” Chuck asks her.
Dean clears his throat, doesn't know where to begin. He should've thought this through beforehand.
Cas lifts his head. “He just told me he wasn't that surprised about us, seeing as he already thought you weren't straight. Apparently you hit on him, when you were younger.”
“I know,” Cas states, determination in his voice. “That's not the point.
From time to time, Dean looks over to Cas. Sometimes, their eyes meet over the distance, sometimes they don't, but Cas' posture seems relaxed, no hunch in his shoulders, no tension there either. He doesn't have time to analyze, though, because Jo claps him on the ass in good nature, grins at him. “I know he's pretty, but you could help me with the order for booth three.”
and Dean groans.
On Thursday, Dean calls his mom and they talk on the phone for an hour with Cas randomly adding stuff from his side, then hangs out with Charlie in the afternoon, and drags Cas to movie night at the Roadhouse, where Jo kicks them out for making out on the sofa and not paying attention to the movie at all. Not that any Michael Bay movie needed much of their attention span to begin with. Don't get him wrong, he likes Transformers, but the new shit with the humping dogs is exactly that – shit. Give him G1 any time, though. Dean makes them promise to watch 'The Devil's Rejects' next time, because he all needs them to see the ending scene.
“Can I help you?” Dean offers, checking to see that yes, indeed, Ellen and Jo are manning the bar alone. “Seriously. Like, if everyone gets a shot--”
Dean doesn't bother to filter his thoughts, not any more. “I could ride you like this, you know,” he whispers, a low drawl and an upwards twist to his lips.
“Yeah,” he nods.
They sit on separate ends of the tub, play footsie in the middle, and talk about beekeeping all afternoon, until Dean heads out to the Roadhouse for his shift.
With another pitiful moan, Dean takes in Castiel, sitting beside him, buck-ass naked, on the floor. Any other time, he wouldn’t care.
There's something he meant to ask, though, and he remembers. “Hey, Cas, quick question?”
Sam blinks at the screen, but it doesn’t deter him. “Why are you so keen on getting us involved? We are just mercenaries.”
Dean splutters. “Excuse you, I'm a delight to have around.”
On the way to the front door, Dean holds Cas' hand.
Under the table, Cas' hand finds his thigh, and Dean doesn't hesitate reaching down to squeeze it.
Together, they slip under the covers of their bed, and the last residual awkwardness fades as Dean wraps himself around Cas, doesn't care about where they're touching or not – no, not even if their dicks are touching, which they very much do – he just wants to be here, feel Cas in his arms, against his body, touching as much of him as he can.
Okay, bowlegs are so not helpful here, but they can try.
Dean swallows around the lump in his throat. That's when Cas turns around to look at him over his shoulder as he licks something off his thumb.
Cas' eyes flash with a suspicious wet shine to them.
Dean shrugs. “Whatever got the job done. I don't remember every little thing he said, there were more hints than the one, probably. But he gave me shit, once, when I flirted my way into a police station, for the evidence.”
“No, we fled, after we had been living and making a life for ourselves for a couple hundred years there,” she spits, her voice slowly rising with agitation. “After a falling out with Akkarea, they… They dropped an atomic bomb on our planet, so we fled. Much like they did with Terra. This planet was the only one we could reach and hide at. We are living underground.”
There's so much to think about, he doesn't even know where to start, but he can't stall forever. How about the fact that he's in heaven? That it's not his own little private heaven, however that would look like – no, that it's
Sam walks up behind Jimmy, then, saying, “So I wondered what's going on here.”
They can’t let themselves get caught. No one will save their asses a second time. Dean needs to get to Sam. He needs Sam to be safe, he needs Castiel to get out of here —
The wind tugs at the strands of his hair, tickles the back of his neck.
“Sure!”
He's less embarrassed to talk about this now than he thought he would be.
Dean laughs. “You know, watching is half the pleasure of getting undressed.”
Dean stares at the inside of the door and lo and behold, there's the soy milk. “Does that stuff even taste good?”
Dean will not be happy to hear that.
AC/DC starts playing the second Dean turns the key in the ignition. Baby purrs to life like only she does, and he grins.
Pushing against Cas' body, Dean slides off the hood and into his arms. Wraps his arms around Cas' middle and walks him towards the door to the house. Cas complies, leaning back in for another kiss, and it's like they're fused together all the way to the bathroom – at least there are no stairs to tackle.
And a while ago, he might have been embarrassed at the idea that everybody knows. He had rolled his eyes one too many times at all the stupid shit that had been thrown their way.
“We'll figure it out, don't worry,” Dean continues, licks his lips. Takes a sip to downplay the fact that he has an acute need to undress Cas with his teeth. “But, um,” he starts, sobering. This is a moment he doesn't want to cheapen, not now. He has a lifetime of getting to do that still ahead of himself. “I saw other universes, after you were gone. Chuck threw me around a bit, and it got worse and worse. In one, we were soldiers in World War II, and then we were on a Netflix show, some reality TV dating shit and you were straight. And then I was a Dean stranded in our universe, who never knew his Cas. I felt so sorry for him.”
She signs an okay and stops. In the direct line of the airlock chamber, it’s hard to miss. She’s pretty. Her eyes are a dark brown, big and full of expression; her skin opalescent, nothing like Sam has ever seen before. However, objectifying alien races has always been Dean's schtick, so Sam forces himself to follow her hands as she signs —
Last time: A walk down memory lane and game night at the Roadhouse with Charlie, Kevin & Ash, heart-to-hearts with Charlie included.
“Why don't you like the boxers?” Cas asks, honestly curious, shoving them off in one go with his jeans. Dean sits to the side, lets him do his thing.
And starts to pray again.
Dean plucks Cas' hands from his face and shuts him up. First with a kiss, then with his hips, rolling against Cas' again and again, and then with a hand down the front of Cas' pants, around Cas' cock, jerking him off right there in the front seat of his most prized possession.
Dean pushes up, rolling his hips.
“Thanks for the date,” he grins, afterwards, as they head back out onto the street after an hour of talking and laughing and flirting.
Big hugs and thank you to everyone who commented on last week's chapter! I promised that this one is worth the wait and I'm sure you won't be disappointed ;)
“Their memory is wiped when they are reborn, so they have a chance to live better lives, enter heaven when they die. Everybody has a choice. To die and go to the Empty, resting in dreamless sleep, be reborn without knowing who they were before — or go to heaven if they're at peace,” Jack explains.
He meant to join Bobby in the garden, by the grill, but he has to drop in on that. “Yo, Cas,” he chuckles. “Don't be a grinch.”
Dean nods, turns around. Cas has to reach up, but he's tall enough for it to not be awkward.
Going for a drive, fishing. Those obvious choices. Everything else he can think of involves Cas in one way or another.
“Just you watch, young Samuel. And don’t wait up.”
The cell around them is
Dean pulls one foot under his knee, and it rests easily against Cas' thigh.
“But why would he—” Sam interrupts himself, holds his finger up to think it through. They had no working hyperspace module, so the SOS they had radioed into space only travelled at lightspeed. He tries to sign along as he speaks, crudely, to the best of his improving, if he dares say so himself, skills. “True, he was there fast, and all. How would he have picked up the signal from so far away if he needed hyperspace travel to get to us? If he was close, flying in at lightspeed would’ve been plenty sufficient.”
That puts a dent in Dean's puddle of happiness, but he gets it. He misses Sam, too, and he knows his heaven won't be complete until Sam is here as well. But he will be.
There's a sigh behind him. “Dean,” Cas starts, and Dean hangs his head in relief. He knows they need to talk about this, but he's horrible at it, and for Cas to take the initiative, that's at least a start. “I’ve finished the cheese,” is what he hears instead. “Now what do you want me to do?”
Reflexively, Cas grabs his shoulder to steady them both and falls into laughter, too.
“Bobby?” Cas has definitely picked up on Sam's sass because there's a Sam eyebrow if Dean ever saw one.
Dean interrupts him, letting go and stepping back as he winks, “Let's go home. I'll just get these into the trunk real quick.” And with a grin, he turns around, wiggles his ass in that ratty old pair of jeans.
Dean's brain isn't firing on all cylinders, or on all at once, and it takes him a moment before he can make himself put one foot in front of the other.
(See the end of the chapter for
When they do finally break apart, Dean suppresses a sigh. Part of him just wants to go for it. Cas looks at him all weird – eyes wide and lips slightly open, vulnerable almost, like he's waiting. Dean's fingertips tingle with the need to touch, so he cups Cas' cheek in his hand. There's rough stubble and a defined jawline and the thought to just lean in and plant one on this angel is both thrilling and scary.
Afterwards, Dean says goodbye and heads home, sits down on the porch swing and waits.
Dean never gets to hear it.
Two things happen all at once.
He's fucked.
The bar falls silent for a second, before Ellen raises her glass. “To Dean Winchester!”
stretching him further than ever before, and Dean has to pause for a short second there, breathes through the slight discomfort.
Dean breathes and Cas grins before they meet in the middle for a searing kiss.
Dean just can't anymore with the name similarities, today. “Hi, Dean, glad to meet you.”
Dean buries his nose in Cas' hair. He smells so good, like fresh sea water.
Cas meets him halfway, hides his face in Dean's shoulder.
Jo huffs. “I only met him the few times he passed through, back when I was still little. He was very... he was a loner, didn't play well with others. It was that single-minded goal of his, the demon.” She pauses. “I can imagine him pushing everything else aside for that. Even his sons' feelings.”
Something happens, inside Dean's ribcage. Something new and big and frightening. Something making his hands shake while also putting a grin on his face that goes from ear to ear.
And that's it, Dean snorts, Cas huffs a laugh on the exhale, and Mary shakes her head. “It's alright, kid. It will be alright.”
“And every time you do, I keep thinking that you'll finally kiss me and you never do. So yes, I was irritated
Yes, he could come like this. He kind-of doesn't want to.
When Cas slows down after half an hour of cruising, and they take the next exit, Dean knows they're not in the United States any more. Cas must've zapped them some place or heaven did its thing where it got you to where you wanted.
If it was Mary Winchester, then they
Dean pushes forward, rutting against the groove of Cas' hipbones, and then there's a finger in his ass and he sees white.
It's about the experience, Ellen had said.
'So, Cas, I'm going insane here. Still thinking about blowing you.'
to watch – and then she rode me and it felt amazing. For her, too, she was so into it. Never met anyone else like that again.”
Dean rolls onto his back or he won't be able to think this through. “Ok, so, first things first, breakfast.”
Dean frowns. “Didn't I just tell you to stop trying to be perfect?”
“Let's drive back,” Dean says. “I haven't even looked into that Roadhouse.”
Cas grins against his shoulder, and Dean loves that he can feel that.
Well, he knew Sam would take the piss out of him, but this casual nonchalance about the whole matter is somehow worse. He also really can't hear this any more, the same thing over and over, the same 'oh, I knew you two were a thing'.
But they're all happier without it. Dean can feel it, that weight off his shoulders, the way Cas stands taller, the way Sam talks, more carefree than ever.
Yeah, so Dean might be an equal-opportunities kind of guy, but he doesn't share what's his.
This one is a love declaration all on its own.
All he sees, once things stop moving, is sand.
When he does check his phone, he finds three missed calls and a text from his Mom.
Dean hums against Cas' shoulder. “So, what about the other angels? Did he bring back someone else but you? Like, Gabriel? And now I'm trying to think of other angels that were ever on our side and coming up short.”
When the first rush winds down around an hour later and even the late-night snackers are sufficiently taken care of, Dean stops to take the first deep breath in what must've been two or three hours straight.
For a quick moment, Sam entertains the thought of just calling Crowley.
Dean smiles to himself, listens to Charlie and Cas discussing the inner workings of heaven and its setup. Soon after Dean has stopped listening to the theoretic monstrosity that was Jack's rework, and only focused on Cas' warmth beside him, Ash returns. He takes one look at Cas, hears two sentences from Charlie and dives head-first into the debate without saying hello or commenting Dean's position on the floor.
Without further ado, he slides one hand under Cas' shirt, the other around his hip and onto his ass, and pulls him into a searing kiss. All his buttons, right there. Cas wearing his clothes, half naked, highlighting his ass, accentuated by fitting underwear, naked chest, and those plush lips suggesting another range of thoughts that are not safe for work. Or breakfast.
Dean waits.
But as the sun turns hotter and the shadows grow shorter, Dean hears the rustle of stiff fabric over metal, and a clack as a folding chair is dropped beside his. He smiles. The smell is instantly familiar, and when Cas asks, “Do you have a lure for me?” he provides with a silent nod.
Though he does imagine Sam's face stumbling upon that particular gem and he almost breaks into a giggle. However, this is so not the time, so he doesn't.
“What is it, Dean?” Cas' voice is low, curious but calming.
He shares a short look with Sam who seems to know exactly what he's thinking, because there is a suspicious redness to his eyes, drops gathering in the corners, and he's clearing his throat. Eileen looks up at him and he signs to her that he's fine.
Sam must look confused, because he gets a cute little laugh from her in return, her brown eyes warm.
Wiping spit off his lips with his thumb, Dean winks at her. “What's it look like?”
Gulping down air, heart racing, Dean begs in a rush of words, hoarse, broken, “Please, Cas, please, put it in, just a bit, it's okay, just the tip, please, wanna feel you--”
Dean snorts. “You know, this scene-- kind of familiar.”
Shifts on his feet, to get better light on the pages. Not that he really needs it in the midst of the afternoon on a warm Saturday in autumn.
Does she hear him? The speaker works, Sam can hear its echo from a few feet away.
“Cleanup, then sleep?” Dean kisses his cheek, nuzzling the stubble there.
This kind of connection that surpasses life and death, that surpasses heaven and hell, that makes his heart swell impossibly and makes his stomach drop out of him at the sheer thought.
“They have no power over me, but I have no power over their creation. I guess it's what you'd call a mutually beneficial relationship.” He smiles. “I can take care of issues if some arise, and I can still feel them, but I don't need to answer prayers or be God, so to speak.”
“I don't think we need one. I wish I could just say 'be yourself', but I know what we're walking into and it's going to be plenty of weird. But we can try, you know. Being ourselves.”
Baby may be an unremarkable, simple ship — old bones, Terran built with an Akkarean hyperspace module, as was the custom at the time — but she still reminds Dean to this day that they made it. Despite, as he later learned, a planetary atom bomb, dropped by Akkareans, giving them a mere five hours to evacuate. The population of Shanghai, China, where the bomb hit, was not so lucky, and nor was the Eastern part of Russia or the entirety of Japan, Taiwan, and Korea.
They stare at the row of people at the bar, everybody talking and having a good time. A guy motions Dean over, asks for five shots of Tequila, so Dean pours Tequila and accepts one for himself, too. He barely had time to take a sip of water in-between orders, much less get hammered.
There's a grin playing around Jimmy's lips. “But if I'm not careful, I'll get felt up and kissed by my twin's boyfriend.”
“I’d like to, Sam,” she says, and for the first time, Sam hears his name from her tongue, and it makes something warm and terrifying take root in his heart.
It had crossed his mind, sitting with Bobby in front of Harvelle's. Who he'd meet in there if he went in.
“Morning,” Sam nods at him, grins over some new-age pop music coming from the speakers. “All partied out?”
Eileen promptly shows up at the door, and they have an animated conversation over scrambled tofu, avocado on toast and fresh fruit because of course, Eileen and Sam went vegan shortly after they got married.
“A bit,” Dean ponders. “What did you have in mind?”
Hellooo everyone! I hope you had a good week! Most of all, I'm sure you all needed some time to recover fromt he steamy finish of the last chapter... ;D
Dean nods and pulls them down into the sheets, and Cas snaps it all away, the residual lube, the sticky, slimy streaks over his abdomen and down their thighs.
They had made it, gotten through all of it, but lost Cas, and Dean's chance at whatever this thing was, was lost with him.
“Since when?” Dean asks, and he feels so stupid asking, and he feels stupid for his heart racing and his stomach fluttering. There's no need to be nervous.
“We’re looking for this woman,” Dean taps at the data file, the short snippet that they took from the security tape, and throws it over the screen for Crowley to view. “Name’s Mary Winchester.”
And wow, that sentence was trippy.
For a few long minutes, they remain right there in their literal and figurative bubble, on top of the world, grinning goofy grins at each other, arms around each other, kissing.
Beside him, Sam pukes into the bucket. He always does when they jump. “I hate you,” he says between bouts of vomiting.
It elicits the sweetest noise from Cas – something between a helpless moan and a surrendering sigh, guttural and deep and going straight to Dean's cock.
Yes, Dean has missed his Mom.
And that's fine, too.
It's scary, this profound bond of theirs.
“Mostly, yes,” she answers, then winks, “but tonight is special. Hearing that you were here made a lot of people show up that are here maybe once a week? If at all. They wanted to welcome you.”
His shin is rough with hair, hard with thick muscles. Dean swallows around the lump suddenly lodged in his throat.
Dean feels almost nauseous, in all the best ways, from what they're doing. He's both nervous and beyond happy, just delirious with how much in love he is, with how gratifying it is to know that he's loved and wanted, too. It's heady, intoxicating, it's making him dizzy.
They spend the next half hour giving Dean a short tutorial, then another hour to get through three frustrating, short games, before they decide to switch games.
Sam frowns. “I don't need details, you know. I'm just saying, Dean. It's who you are. And it doesn't deserve to be made fun of, no matter how many times I wanted to smack your heads together because you're incredibly frustrating assholes who have no idea how to talk about stuff.”
For the first time, he sucks. Pulls up, not off, and back down, and Cas' hands tighten in his hair, not shoving, not guiding, just holding on. His breathing has become ragged, too quick, and Dean slows down to give them time.
Alone in his room in the bunker, the night after everything went down, it had hit. Dean still can't put a finger on what he was feeling that night.
“Yeah?” Dean answers from behind Sam.
He gets Eileen’s attention with a tap on her shoulder. “How long can you stay?”
He doesn't keep track of time, dosn't know how long he sits there and stares at the lake, lost in thought.
Wondering what this is about, he catches Ellen smiling at her left hand where a simple ring glimmers in the dim light.
Dean needs to learn ASL. And yes, he could probably pick it up like
, isn't worthy. Tells him that Cas probably regrets giving up his grace for Dean already. A voice that sounds a lot like John Winchester.
“Maybe here and there. Nothing much.”
And since Ellen isn't here, or, well – she's in the back, somewhere, at Bobby's and Rufus' table, probably, but Dean can't see her - so it's Dean's job, right? Especially since Ellen never heard of who just stepped into the Roadhouse.
“Keep me company? If you’ve got nothing else planned?” he dares to ask, waving her into the ship.
The collective expectancy is at an all-time high.
Cas is his partner, his lover, he knows they're on the same page about this, they know what they want from each other. Well, eventually.
Cas smiles quietly, picks up an olive to pop it in his mouth.
Dean shrugs. “When I'm not working here anyway, maybe two nights a week? We wanted to do movie night, today, but then you interrupted.”
Taking a deep breath, Cas looks straight ahead at the workbench in front of the car. His profile is sharp, lips drawn tight in a frown. “Okay. But, tell me, Dean. Where is the point-- where are your boundaries? Because I will zap us away immediately if anything--”
Who'd have thought that this is what gets him all hot and bothered – Cas' hard dick in dress pants.
Who is he without hunting?
Dean, on the other hand, is in his element, the music putting that certain kind of swagger in his steps, in the sway of his hips — and still, as he heads straight for the bar and grabs a seat, he takes a careful look around. Better safe than sorry. Just because Akkareans think they’re too good for places like these doesn’t mean there’s actually a valid reason to deny them entry. Without getting into trouble, that is. It wouldn’t be their first run in with Akkarean agents or ship crew spending the evening slumming it, either, and those never proved to be pleasant.
Cas' touch is just like his kisses. Soft, exploring, giving Dean time to adjust. His palm is huge, his fingers deft and far from the delicate feel of a woman's slim fingers. It's a surprising rush of arousal, back down to where it matters, to realize that.
So what, Ash was a skilled MIT dropout who did incredible things on a laptop with a sense of humble implicitness. Kind of like a certain someone he knows, Dean thinks, amused. Obviously, minus the laptop.
They take their time, because they can.
Cas frowns. “What did you tell her?”
Excruciatingly slowly, Dean rolls his hips forward again, seeking contact, and both of them are pressed against Cas' lower abdomen. For a nerdy guy who sold ad space once, Cas is
Dean falls asleep on Cas' shoulder, in Cas' arms.
To his surprise, he finds out that it doesn't feel nearly as alienating as he feared it would.
Dean sniffles. He had enough of those emotional breakdowns as of late, damnit. “And you would've been there?”
Cas leans in to kiss his cheek.
“The struggle, before that. To grow up, always feeling different, not quite fitting the norm. I guess it's easier, being bisexual, you could always conform to what was expected.”
Dean takes Cas' hand, then, and they're back on the back porch in heaven. The memories fade behind Dean's inner eye, and he blinks at Cas in an attempt to process. “You told me you didn't know what broke the connection.”
He's so put out on purpose, it's almost cute. “Why am I an ass now?”
The thing is, he likes her already. Maybe it’s part of who she is, but she’s open, and through all the mischief laced in her words, he can’t detect any malice, any false intent, and Sam prides himself on his skills of knowing people.
With a shrug, Dean gestures with his drink in his hand as if that explains anything. "Celebrating a job well done."
He breathes. There's sweat building at his hairline, and he feels oversensitive, stretched too thin, every inch of his skin on fire.
See you next week, you wonderful lot of people!
“Okay,” Dean says, tips the porch swing into a soft rocking motion with the toe of his boot.
And Cas takes a deep breath, laces his fingers through Dean's, squeezes once. “I don't remember when I realized it. But in hindsight, I was... irked. When Anna kissed you.”
Then he lifts his upper leg, reaches down between his legs, angles Cas' dick down. Between his legs, then closes them again.
With a sigh, Cas puts his hand on top of Dean's.
Dean huffs, but breathe he does.
He has no taste, indeed.
And that's the other thing.
Holding back a snarl, Dean mouths a wordless curse and frowns. Castiel’s shoulders square and his eyes widen.
Cas ducks his head, and Dean feels warmth creep up his neck. And yes, he's still scared, but reassured, too. This thing, it's not one-sided, they both know it. Acting on it, to both of their comfort level, is a tightrope act.
“What the fuck, Sam,” Dean says when they are finished with the dishes and alone on the porch.
Sam will be there whenever Dean feels like grabbing a plate of greasy diner food for old time's sake, because that was their life together in a nutshell.
Cas waves him off. “Still sorting through it.”
“Very.”
He doesn't know how long they are making out in the garage, dirty and filthy with Dean perched on top of the hood of the Impala.
this, did
He bites his tongue all the way through Ellen filling up bowls for everyone and Bobby handing out slices of bread. Charlie is driving him nuts, the way she taps her fingers onto the tabletop, again, and again, and faster — and she bounces her knee, which Dean
is cut, once the last bit of dinner is served and it's time for them to head out and drive into the night, towards their honeymoon – the real one, this time – the stage of the Roadhouse that had been curtained off, supposedly because they had no band, had been revealed.
played them a live rendition of 'Carry on Wayward Son'.
As a form of damage control, Dean rolls off of Cas, one arm still slung around him.
Not much later that night, in a Pro’aloonian spaceship, with one slick, slimy tentacle up his ass and another around his dick, a third around his ribcage, holding him up when it’s not having fun with his nipples, Dean finds not a single one of those fantasies will ever hold a candle to the real thing. And that's before he gets his mouth filled, too.
to deserve
Dean swallows. Lets it sit, lets it simmer. Attraction like he never felt it before, undeniable, washing over him like a tidal wave.
And then Cas' hands are on either side of his neck, pulling him down those last few inches to close the gap, and then Cas' lips are on his.
“Yeah. We haven’t been home in what,” Sam swallows, thinks. “Must’ve been six or seven weeks.”
Take a look at the chapter counter. And the word count. Holy shit, this was not what I was expecting.
“I know you probably don't have a place yet, but if you want to sleep, I've got a few rooms upstairs.”
Eileen nods, shrugs. “Dean, when I died I was 78 years old. We had a happy, long life together. Sure, we still went on a hunt – occasionally. When people needed us, for backup, or just some in-and-out easy cases.”
Dean tears his eyes away. “We’re fucked. Do you know what they want?”
Cas shakes his head. “Not the point. And you know that.”
Dean huffs.
Dean grins, wide and obnoxious.
Jody looks at Donna, then, who stares out into the distance once they leave the Roadhouse.
Among other things, it makes him palm his painfully hard erection through his jeans, and Dean makes another decision. He doesn't answer by prayer. He catches Cas' eyes again, opens his own zipper and pops the button of his jeans. Sticks his hand down his pants, jerking himself as he blows Cas, groaning with pleasure.
“We need the lasagna sheets. In the dry pantry.”
Cas' eyes are open, so blue, so focused. “I like your freckles,” he states.
Cas sighs, low against his lips, and it's so real that Dean could cry.
Sam opens his mouth to say yes, but then he has Dean’s incredulous face before his inner eye, his baffled splutter at Sam giving a stranger access to the machine room in Dean’s absence. His hesitation must be obvious because Eileen gives him a cheeky smirk.
his own vows, has been working on them for weeks.
Dean is up to his elbows in the dishwasher, re-filling the shelves with clean glasses, but waves over, “What?”
Instead of answering, Dean pulls Cas to the sofa. It's one of the rooms furthest away from Sam's, so there's some quiet here, at least. Dean pours them two glasses of his finest whiskey, makes it a double, and switches the record player on. The last album on there was Nirvana – probably Sam's doing, and not a bad choice, either, so color him surprised – but it so does not fit the mood. Dean thumbs through the box of vinyls they got at a garage sale a while back, looks for something more mood-appropriate. He lands on Billy Joel, flips past the record, flips back, and considers - what the hell, it feels like it fits, and he knows Cas likes it.
his hair. He looks frozen in place, faced with Cas and Dean and their everything-but-heterosexual thing. It must be weird, though, what with Cas looking exactly like him, so, fair enough.
That's his family. Part of it. But his family. The family he found along the way, the family that found him, the family that didn't begin with blood and sure as hell didn't end there.
The door opens and a round of “Surprise!” is Dean's only warning before a familiar redhead throws herself into his arms.
He smiles. The smile turns into a grin, mirrored on Sam's face, and they meet in a bone-crushing hug.
Dean pants, drops his forehead against Cas' shoulder as he rocks against him. Cas looks up at the ceiling, as if he's thinking about something, and after a few moments, Dean gets to hear it.
However, he also really needs to derail this, or else he's going to kiss that smirk right off of Cas' plush lips. Which wouldn't be bad, not per se, but it feels cheap to waste their first kiss on something like that.
And that, my friends, concludes the end of the first act.
Dean hums. “I hate it when your arguments have a point,” he grumbles. “But, you know. Same goes for you. You wanna start?”
Charlie sits back, pokes his ribs. “How about you? What happened? I heard about God and Jack and what you did, but after that?”
John clears his throat. “Will you boys let me finish?” he grumbles, trying to get through this. Dean is not mad about him suffering through this, though. “One, he'd do that himself, and two, who am I to threaten an angel of the lord, right.”
He just had sex with a guy.
“If you're willing to shoulder the consequences,” she answers, mysterious and deliberately vague. “
More touching. More control.
Last time: Bobby gives the fatherly acceptance-talk that Dean needed to hear, Dean gets some parts for the Impala, Cas is very much into a greasy Dean. Also, naked cuddling.
With Sam around, these things wouldn't have happened the way they happened.
Cas is nursing his favorite fruity cocktail and Dean is surprised that it isn't gone yet, after ten minutes since Jo put it down in front of him. Whatever kept him so occupied that afternoon seemed to still affect him, and Dean wonders.
They leave the roadhouse after that, and some chucklehead, most likely Ash, has tied a few cans to the Impala's exhaust tip. To the cheers of their family and friends they get into the car, after hugging his parents, and Sam, and Jack, who'd volunteered to be the flower boy as they walked up their short 'aisle' from the back porch together – Dean found it weird, having his Dad walk him up to his husband-to-be, it just didn't fit for them. They didn't have groomsmen, either, what with Sam officiating anyway. Truth is, they didn't want to choose. Nobody minded, though, and as long as they got the whole gang together, it's perfect, anyway – the rest is just semantics.
Screw the path of least resistance when the rocky road gets him to Cas.
asshat. C'mon, we got a casserole in the oven. Jack, heavenly groundskeeper or not, you're staying for dinner, right?”
But they are kissing, just kissing, hands on each other's shoulders and waist and in each other's hair, for god knows how long. The way Cas responds to every tilt of Dean's head, every stroke of his hand, every little sigh that escapes his lips, it's gorgeous. It's everything Dean ever wanted and then some.
Mary pauses for a moment too long, and that's when Dean notices his slip-up. Of course she won't let it slide. “Um, 'we'? Who's the collective 'we' here?” She sounds amused and fond and Dean knows it's not a big deal for her, at all.
Sam’s hands slowed a little bit while Gabriel was speaking, but now they get back to their original pace. After a long moment he finally talks.
Of course, Dean and Cas are both about to become major mile-markers in the world of professional hockey, so they have to stay longer and do more PR stuff after the other eight guys get to go home for the day. Moments like this make Dean hate his job, more than injuries or homophobia, because those are things he’s had to put up with since he could walk and he can at least set them aside. But media bullshit has a special way of getting on his nerves, because it forces him into a spot where he gets served up like a pork roast and viewed by the public - and he knows that every single one of the Islanders fans who watches these videos can see right through him. They all probably know he’s a fraud, he got drafted at all because of his dad and that’s the same reason he’s captain right now. He’s an average D-man at best and he doesn’t want to be paid attention to.
“Because you’re just a baby and it’d be too weird. I’ve been around since before the stars were born, so I could groom pretty much anybody except Michael or Lucifer, because they’re older. So, you could have anyone help you take care of your wings, but you can’t really do it for someone else.”
“That’s an excellent question, Gabriel, and I have no way to answer it. It’s personalized to each human. Dean offered his ‘feather’ first, it was an audio cassette tape of music that has deep emotional significance to him. I didn’t realize it at the time that he gifted it to me, but I would’ve accepted it anyway if I
Kill him. And they’ll kill me, too.”
And it’s not a nurse.
“I’m indulging myself in some peace and quiet,” he answers. “I’ve finished building Dean’s nest and it should only be a matter of time now. Please go away.”
“I just needed to know for an idea I have, that’s all. Thanks, Cas. Hey, Gabe told you that you’re up for a promotion, right?”
“You think it could be both of us?” Dean wonders. “You’re stronger than me, but I don’t think I can handle sitting back and watching. You’re in my head anyway, you’ll already know what I’m about to do, so just do what I’m doing at the same time and that way I can hit harder. Fuck, does that even make
“YEAH BUT THEY AREN’T THE CAPTAIN AND THEY AREN’T THE KIDS OF FUCKING LEGACY PLAYERS LIKE I AM” Dean explains. “THE TEAM WOULD BE EMBARRASSED BECAUSE THEY WANT ME TO REACH SOME BAR OF THEIRS TO GET MY NUMBER RETIRED TOO SINCE IT’LL LOOK REALLY GOOD FOR THEM”
“Y’know, my mom used to say angels watch over me. Is that your job?” Dean asks when he finally retreats, hands seeking the front pockets of his pants. Further, he confesses: “I never thought you were real.”
“You’re not on anything,” Dean points out.
and two Rangers with
Mom gives him
Predictably, Sam and Mary are both massively startled by his unannounced arrival.
Sixty two subscriptions on this fic! I often say this on tumblr as well, but I have the best readers ^_^ you guys are amazing and I love you <3
What convinces Castiel of the further passage of time is how the messages gradually change. Dean’s sadness becomes chronic, desperation morphing to despair. He wishes for Dean’s anger rather than this sinking depression. But Dean is no longer willing to fight back against the crushing loss. There have been innumerable other crushing losses for Dean prior to this one. To use a human expression… this must have been the straw to break the camel’s back.
Sixty five subscribers! Eight months on and I still feel enormously satisfied seeing such a large audience on my fics ^_^
After that it’s not really fighting, they’re both flying erratically around the production area trying to catch and hurt each other but not succeeding. Jack, thankfully, is mostly staying out of the way for this part, tracking them both but not really able to help because he’s never been in a combat situation like this one.
“Okay, I won’t,” he snorts.
“Awesome.”
“Would you mind not announcing your presence so jarringly?” Castiel snaps, stowing the blade again and forcing himself to relax. “And be quiet, there are several dozen humans sleeping nearby.”
“I miss Dean…”
“Here, I snagged one’a these for you too.” Dean grabs one of the kid-sized practice jerseys with the Isles’ logo on the chest that are usually for participants of hockey clinics that happen here. “Alright, arms up!”
He always loses himself in the ritual of it, the donning of protective padding with everything tied up and velcroed and wound with clear, stretchy tape. Distantly he registers that Crowley is getting snarky with their head coach, but that doesn’t require his attention so he immediately discards the information in favor of yanking his jersey down over his head and securing the fight-strap to the loop in the small of his back.
“Cas, just - shut up, okay?” Dean growls. Castiel has only rarely seen him get this angry, it’s a special flavor of outrage reserved for grievous personal hurts. “Just stop. I’mma help you fix all this, but I ain’t doing it for you because apparently you’re the sneaky sunuva bitch Bobby thinks you are. I’m gonna do this for him since you say he’ll die otherwise.”
There isn’t any point to Castiel asking that question, given that he’s already aware of the answer. He refuses to betray his own fear even though it’s on behalf of his diseased friend and not for himself; the taint of the Mark has a palpably strong grasp of Dean, so much so that the rage distorts the space around him like heat haze radiating from sunbaked pavement.
“Cas, this is
Castiel keeps track of where he displaces to and feeds the information into Dean’s subconscious. They spin on their toes and spear the angel through the shoulder, but at the same moment the gun is smacked out of their other hand, leaving them less able to defend themselves. They dodge a blow aimed at their head and the angel blade is wrenched loose - at the same moment Castiel telekinetically yanks the discarded handgun back into Dean’s palm and Dean shoots the angel through the leg. Grace-light flares from the wound and he crumples slightly, staggering from the injury and wrongfooted enough that a killing stab aimed for their abdomen misses and instead tears a deep gash through their left flank instead. They spear the angel through the throat and then collapse backwards into the wall.
Castiel appears in the passenger seat of the car. Dean doesn’t jump, or appear startled at all.
“Anyoldhow, we’re also in kinda similar spots right now, too. I’m leading Heaven somehow and you’re co-captaining all your apocalypse-world rescues. Neither of us asked for that, and almost nobody else around us understands how that feels. So, we can relate. And going back to the ‘taking me seriously’ thing I mentioned earlier as well as the relating thing, you actually wanted to help me when I was getting my revenge. Dean was an indignant pain in the ass about all of it, but you wanted to help. And I appreciate that, too.” Gabriel glances over his shoulder and over his wing. “All the archangels had jobs when humanity was born. Michael and Lucifer, obviously, they were the fighters, meant to lead the warrior garrisons and defend you guys against whatever came along. Raphael ran the functionaries in Heaven to protect the souls that made their way upstairs. I was the only one who dealt directly with humans… I was supposed to be the messenger and the teacher. And I was for awhile until I bailed. I like teaching lessons. But I learned some of the smaller nuances of interacting with humans from you, especially recently. I’ve always loved humankind but it was mostly in a broad sense. Now, I understand a lot better what the value is in individual lives.”
“Did you. Months of war and now you’re seeking a diplomatic option.”
“I’m sorry, Dean.”
“I can try, he don’t listen to a damn thing I say,” Dean snorts.
look to Prior-Castiel, who glares back with open hostility in reply.
“I don’t want a drink.”
of all things?!
“Yeah?”
“The one on the left hand side of the road, there’s like twelve of them in there taking naps in hammocks,” he informs her. “There, see? I help!”
Dean relinquishes his personal belongings to the nurse and she disappears him down the hall into an office. Cas wants to follow them and interrogate his new roommate about the window curtains, but he knows he’s not allowed to do that and so he goes back to his room. He’s still too nervous to finish his lunch and his socks are giving him sensory issues so he takes them off even though the nurses want him to wear them.
“Why?”
“You want me to go for a hat trick?”
It spears harmlessly into a book beside Castiel’s head.
“Oh they’re fine,” Gabriel waves dismissively. “Anyway, like I said, angel magic. Humans have a really hard time working it out for themselves, right?”
Looking at how Sam and Bobby were being in canon while these events were unfolding at the end of season 6, I personally don't have a hard time at all believing that they would just try to straight up assassinate Dean's boyfriend.
love language. His life is extremely difficult, I make an effort to relieve the strain on him wherever I can.” And he leaves Gabriel alone to think.
is the exact same checking line as last season so Dean already knows someone’s about to get hurt. He wishes it wasn’t his shift for the goal now, he should be out there taking those hits from the other team’s attackers instead…
“I more or less took care of you and ultimately also forced you to take care of yourself in the hospital. It occurred to me that you may feel obligated to return the favor by taking care of me now.”
That’s not what Dean means to say, but that’s what comes out. But that’s kinda how it always is for him, right? Whenever he’s pissed he always says shit without thinking first. Why should today be different?
At the red line, the Ottawa center is thrown off the dot for something, so Castiel watches Gabriel take the faceoff instead and win it from
“Yeah, man. He’s - a weird, dorky little guy and I don’t even know him that well yet off the ice.”
Castiel skates a few quick laps when they come onto the ice for warm-ups, eyes on his compatriots in their white away sweaters and leg socks. He has a routine drawn up by now, to stop other players and offer small tips and insights to them, because he wears an A and that’s one of his jobs. He thinks forward to when Dean is back and the two of them will be doing it together before the games start, they’ll need to discuss it beforehand so that they aren’t giving conflicting information to their lower-ranking players. It will be a time for synergy and communication; Castiel has no wish to clash against his friend.
“I’m an angel. I know it’s difficult to tell at the moment because my wings are missing-”
“Oh you think you have a choice.” Dean’s expression is indignant.
Castiel does not understand why John has elected to send the fourth line to start the game, which sets up for a strange night in the making all by itself. It seems that the hockey gods are having a sense of humor about things. Crowley moves too soon and is tossed by the linesman, so Castiel comes to the center dot and is face-to-face with Nick Vaught, captain of the New Jersey Devils and indisputably the most rotten son of a bitch he’s ever met. Nick hates Castiel just as much, but for completely unjustified reasons, and in the past six years they haven’t faced each other on the ice a single time without throwing hands at least once.
“What are we buying here?”
“Yes, I’m aware,” Death says, sounding bored. He now reaches down the book correlating to Castiel in his present form. “But your intentions go wrong so often. It’s almost
“Awesome,” Dean grumbles, probably sarcastically. “Alright, he’s driving up to see me tomorrow during visiting hours, I’ll call him and tell him to bring all his legal shit.”
“Aren’t you lonely?”
“But I enjoy bees.”
Dean’s hand is still on Cas’ face. He never wants it to move, even though he knows it’s inevitable. He remembers that Dean has asked him a question and nods, noting the scrape of his bristly jaw against the palm resting there.
John’s eyes burning holes into his skull through the back of his helmet.
“I hate that fucking rule,” he grins.
“See-” Lucifer backhands him and he careens down to the floor again. “-now I gotta punish you for that. I was trying to be nice about this…”
“I know, but are
Dean accepts the feather.
“But I already know that,” Jack declares proudly.
2. Discussion of a suicide attempt.
“Yup.”
Castiel stares at him while processing this inquiry. “Excuse me?”
“Yes, I’m aware. Yet you’re here with me anyway like you said you would and despite my complete indifference on the subject of neckties.”
After that it’s drills, drills, and more drills. That’s normal, though. It’s also normal that John never says a single thing they do right, just harps on all the shit they get wrong or sub-par or whatever, and Dean can already tell everybody’s gonna be leaving the practice arena pissed off and frustrated - which, again, is normal. In thirty two years Dean doesn’t think he’s ever heard his dad say a nice thing about anybody, except for his mom before they got divorced.
Dean slaps his shoulder, then heads to his room to grab a change of clothes. He can feel Cas buzzing around under his skin.
“I’m still pissed at you, Cas.”
“Here.” He summons five candy bars directly into Jack’s hands so the kid will hold still. “Eat those.” Why didn’t Castiel already teach him this stuff?
Jack comes over, puts his hands on both their heads. “Go find him.”
“Since when do you get embarrassed about anything, Feathers?” Dean realizes two things as he’s saying it - that he doesn’t need to cry anymore, which is great, and also that his mother is looking at him like he’s a lunatic. To be fair, he probably is, just in other ways. “Sorry.”
Cas supplies.
Dean slaps his book shut and gets off the couch. “Hey Bobby, you want a beer?”
“You’re the worst god damn liar ever.”
For now, though, he’s hanging out with his brand-new assistant captain at his favorite barbecue place and he’s probably gonna end up explaining why he’s still closeted to this guy that he barely knows. Fan-fucking-tastic.
“Can I finish eating first?” Sam groans.
“Yeah, he’ll be hidden until the last possible second,” Gabe nods. He rubs his hands together. “Let’s light this candle.”
Dean drives. Sings from the top of his lungs.
By the time it's late enough, Dean feels accomplished and in dire need of a shower.
Also, bless Bobby for teaching them how to cook. Mostly, Ellen did, to be precise, but french toast — that was all Bobby.
Suddenly, it's night, and they're in the middle of a huge crossroads in an unfamiliar city.
Dean nods. “No more walls, no more 'your own little corner of paradise', but everyone together and happy, thanks to these two,” and gestures to Jack and Cas.
“Hey, Ellen, what’s for—”
“What?”
Thinking about the bunker makes Dean both nostalgic and sick to his stomach. So much good and bad connected to that place.
Cas waits, head tilted to the side. With a smirk, Dean leans down, places a kiss onto his shoulder.
It's a good thing that they are up so early. At least this way, Dean can clean up any and all suspicious messes before Charlie—
Dean washes it down with the strong, wonderfully aromatic coffee.
"I might as well be, Sammy," Dean throws back, all charm and twang, as he activates the ship’s autopilot and the steering pad retracts into the console. "That was one hell of a mission! And you… You were awesome! That shot was right on the money. A+ timing, too."
“They have a choice, too. Stay asleep, or come back without their memory. Human, without their angelic powers.”
Sam became a husband, father, hunter on occasion, without him. But who is he without his brother?
“What are we cooking?” Cas asks. It's the first thing he's said since Jack left with Chuck and Amara.
“Anywho. Mary Winchester. Hadn’t heard that name in years. And yet… you knew her name. So I put two and two together, or, let’s stay accurate, two and one — it wasn’t hard to figure out that you two are her long-lost sons. Which makes me think that having you on board might give us an advantage in this mission. Let’s just say some of our longer-range plans suddenly got accelerated.”
In the afternoon, Dean finds Cas staring into the wall of their house instead of at his beehive that he was supposed to tend to.
irritated, because you can be so daring and confident in what you do, in how you just – push me against a wall to whisper something into my ear, and that is arousing and you know it.”
“Well,” Cas echoes, grinning, slumping against his chest.
Dean doesn't think about it, refuses to. So he rolls over, throws a knee over Cas' thighs, burrows in against his shoulder and says, “'night, Cas.”
“We usually keep to ourselves. For that exact reason.” Sam wracks his brain, but can’t find a solution. “Shit,” he curses.
“How did you find me?”
Sam pukes again.
It's the final part of the puzzle. He's nervous, almost, but also elated. Looking forward to seeing his brother again. And after another deep breath, a serene quiet falls over him.
Dean laughs, light and airy, under his breath. “I swear, I do. Just need to get used to that thought.”
Finally, Cas lifts his hand from Dean's stomach, trails it down, down, down.
have that notch in your bedpost, will you stop being obnoxious about Pro'aloons? It’s a fetish.”
Cas shoots him a look from the corner of his eyes. “Yes, and no. This is not one of those decisions that you can make on a whim. Remember what I said earlier? It needs to be a true desire, a subconscious wish, and it needs to be real. This... status almost never gets revoked. When you share a place in heaven, it's not a matter of looking for a new roommate when you want to move out.”
He's still recovering when Cas gets that glint in his eye that means some form of stupid plan is currently in motion, and leans down to lick at Dean's navel, rolling some of his come over his tongue.
Reaching around, Dean slicks up Cas' cock with his own come, and isn't that a nice sentiment, marking him.
It's Charlie's turn to shrug, and her hair falls into her eyes when she mumbles. “I was just wondering, about you two. You only met him here in heaven once everything was over, right?”
“Cas, what is this?” he asks, not letting go of Cas' hand, allowing him to pull him along the sidewalk.
They've talked about this.
Except he totally does.
Then again, he doesn't need to, does he?
After three hours of tossing and turning, Sam calls Dean, who doesn’t answer.
"I'm sorry," he says, forms the words carefully, and while keeping her at gunpoint, he makes sure she can see his face properly. "I don't know how to sign, can you read my lips?"
Dean has to look, despite everything he tells himself.
Cas doesn't look at him as he buttons up his shirt – Dean's shirt, again, a dark, black and blue plaid shirt. It takes a second until he turns around, and his expression is unreadable.
Oh, he'll gladly take over that job for them.
“Hyperspace jump initiated. We go in three… two—” Dean hits the button.
And I mapped out the last two chapters of this. I'm sure you're going to love them. Once again, thank you all so much for sticking with me through 100.000 words of this journey - what a milestone. Just a few couple thousand more to go :D Thank you so much for all your lovely comments. I'm so excited after every chapter to hear your thoughts and reactions. It's been an awesome experience *bows out*
Dark brown sand, as far as the eye can see, in waves and mountains and valleys, all around them, twin suns in the sky. Baby is sitting askew in the sand, tilted sideways, and behind Dean, Sam laughs, a desperate thing that wrings itself out of his throat. Flopping forward, Dean rests his head on the console.
Cas lowers his chin, averts his eyes because of course he senses what Dean feels, and Dean mumbles a quiet, “Hey,” only meant for Cas' ears, before he takes half a step forward.
Charlie wears that shit-eating grin again. “So, what's new with you two? I need an update. Haven't seen that before.”
There's a huge buffet and Zeppelin is playing on the juke box, Ash and Ellen are pouring drinks until they tell everyone to “get your own, dammit!”.
Dean huffs. “Not until he told me he loved me, right before the Empty took him.”
The Roadhouse was fun, filled to the brim, busy, but he couldn't hear himself think.
And when they pull up to his parents' house, Dean's hands are jittery, so he grips the steering wheel a little tighter.
Dropping his head back so he doesn't stare into Cas' too beautiful, too aroused eyes, Dean rolls downwards, meeting him.
And Cas' hand squeezes his hip, blue eyes going wide.
Mary is serious and quiet when she states, “You know how I feel about Cas. He's one of my boys. Always has been. He's everything I ever wanted for you.”
The hood is warm when he leans against it, the radiator sure got a workout there.
Some nights, during particularly bad dreams, he still sees himself kneeling over Cas, his face bloody and bruised. Dean's thoughts were spinning in circles between the punches he threw. The thought of Cain, saying, 'And then you'd kill the angel, Castiel. Now that one, that I suspect would hurt something awful.' Because Cain knew what he was talking about. Cas, trying to stop him, telling him, 'I'm the who will have to watch you murder the world.' Throwing more unsatisfying punches. Unsatisfying because Cas didn't fight back. An angel blade glinting in the dim light of the reading lamps. Cas' hand around his wrist, holding on for dear life. And Dean still heard Cas' broken voice, the only word he needed to say to break Dean out of the rage that the Mark inflicted. 'Dean.'
His ass begs to differ. Joke's on him now.
So he pours shampoo into his hand and works his hands through Cas' thick dark hair, massaging his scalp and enjoying the view of his back and shoulders on display. After he rinses the suds out, Dean kisses down the side of his neck, lips sliding over wet, warm skin, over his collarbone and up to his jaw and Cas sinks against his shoulder when Dean steps around him.
this was done.”
Exchanging a short look with Sam and a longer one with Cas, Dean tries to put into words what has his mind in a tangle. Sam only swallows, Cas gives a tiny nod.
Dean sucked dick, and surprisingly, his world still turns.
They're touching, from head to toe, Dean curled into Cas' body, slotting together like two pieces of a puzzle. Dean wonders if Cas feels how hard his heart beats against his ribs, how his pulse is spiking. Wonders if Cas feels the morning wood barely inches away from his thigh. Their eyes meet, and Dean swallows. The moment lingers, with Cas cupping Dean's cheek, tracing his fingers over Dean's stubble, along his jawline and down his neck. He gets lost in the blue and shudders when Cas' fingers trail over his shoulder and down his spine.
'You okay, Cas?' Dean prays, but he can't check for a reaction. The Roadhouse is too loud, he's back behind the bar, taking orders, and only sees from the corner of his eyes that Cas is watching him.
(See the end of the chapter for
Cas smiles, then closes the distance on the bench between them, turns until his knee is resting against Dean's.
“Okay, so nothing seems to be broken. We should get you examined, though.”
Under the table, Dean feels Cas' hand settle on his thigh and squeeze.
That Dean can get him off with some basic frottage. What shape his mouth turns into when he comes.
Ash leans on his forearms on the counter, his hair falling over his shoulders, framing the jaw, covered in non-hairy, but almost beard-like spikes — one of the many hints that he’s not Terran, not entirely, maybe not one bit. Dean doesn’t know, doesn’t care and therefore never asked. There’s many humanoids out there, descendants of several populations, so what.
He doesn't notice when it happens, but there's a salty taste on his tongue, pre-come, most likely, and Cas' hands tighten, keeping him close, and there's more and – Cas is coming, in his mouth, with a guttural shout.
“Your paperwork actually checks out.”
Jack looks between all of them. He hasn't said much all evening, as far as Dean knows, he's rather taking it all in, like Dean does now. Although he's simply too tired and lazy to throw in quips, he just enjoys the company and Cas' heat against his side, the warmth of his palm in Dean's.
Dean feels like there's a revelation, somewhere right below the surface, for him, but he can't quite put a finger on it yet.
He doesn't know what to expect. A flutter of wings, maybe? A quiet 'hello, Dean'. No sparks here in the open field, not like the night they first met. There's not a blade in his hand either.
With a serious nod, Charlie shrugs.
“Cas, go!” Dean shouts, “I’ll hold them off. Get the ship up and running!”
“So, what's your place like?” she asks.
“You say that every time,” Sam grumbles.
Especially with those skilled lips doing their damnest to distract him from the task at hand.
Cas pops in around lunchtime, eyeing Dean up and down as he finds him bent over the open hood. Dean takes his time, of course, gives Cas all the time he wants, to look. Smirks over his shoulder, because he can.
“So let’s make sure we’re not being played, here. If he wants us in, he better tell us why.”
But he does. And what then?
Figures Bobby Singer had him all figured out.
Cas pulls in a sharp breath, and stirs.
And Dean has to pause, close his eyes, and focus on his breathing, because apparently he's a teenager again. Cas' moan will haunt him, and he knows it. That deep, unabashed growl, straight from the deepest part of his lungs, went all the way to Dean's bones, that's how much he felt it.
“Yeah, I guess I do,” Dean admits with a wink.
“Ash! Look at you,” Dean chuckles at the Motörhead shirt and the cut-off with the big-ass Black Sabbath patch.
With a sigh, Dean rubs his hand over his face. “Long-range call to Bobby won’t work, the backup reactor doesn’t have the juice for that.” It’d be literal years, almost 300 of them for the call to reach Geuse — since without a working hyperspace converter, the call would only travel as fast as light. “So we wait. And get some ice for you.”
“It's heaven, Dean, no need to fold yourself into the back seat of your car. Especially with company,” she winks before looking across the room to where Cas sits at Bobby's and Rufus' table, a perfunctory beer in his hands.
This time, Dean makes sure to hit the tracking diffuser before Castiel throws them into hyperspace.
Dean thinks bitterly. That feels strange, indeed, as well.
Dean doesn't want to admit that the scrambled tofu really tastes like scrambled eggs. He makes a face but gets seconds anyways.
Urging Cas on with both hands against his ass, pushing him forward, he prays. 'Cas. Move. But be careful.'
As was, arguably, Dean telling Cas just that, because it was a logical conclusion as well. So as per usual, they're a couple of dumbasses, playing Captain obvious.
Dean hides his smile, nods at the keys in his lap. “I know, Cas. I don't think you'll need to. There's nothing he could or would say that'd make that necessary.”
Afterwards, Dean can't even get up, he's that boneless and blissed-out and Cas' smile is something surreal, something so truly angelic that it makes Dean ache inside, in all the best ways.
Dean feels breathless with how intertwined they are, how gentle Cas' fingers in his hair are. The intimacy of it is still intimidating.
Cas looks good, in that rugged old t-shirt of Dean's, with holes at the sides, and work pants that make his ass look like – to use Pam's words – 'you could bounce a nickel off that thing.' Dean can appreciate that.
He doesn't think twice to hit the call button.
“Mmmh,” Dean hums the confirmation. Cas is an angel, and sometimes Dean needs to remember that this has never been drilled into him as something gross, something you don't do. So he goes back in, but this time, he waits for Cas to meet him. Waits there, still kneeling, hands around Cas' waist with a close-lipped smirk on his lips.
Cas hums, a low vibration in his chest. “Speaking of,” he starts, “Would you be interested in me waking you up with oral sex tomorrow?”
And not for the first time, Dean wonders. “You know,” he starts, boldly, “I asked Donna earlier if she's been in love with you.”
A voice from down the hall reports, loud and clear, “The other one is awake!”
Enough food for thought.
On Saturday morning, Dean wakes up to the smell of coffee and scrambled eggs.
“Anyway, I talked to your Dad a lot. He needs to connect a few dots, but I think he's going to be okay.”
One of those chapters where my characters did not do what I expected them to do. Anyway. Happy New Year everyone, enjoy!
I swear, sometimes these characters do not what I intend them to do. (That sex scene was all Dean and his non-existent self control when it comes to these matters.)
Dean parks in front of the driveway, curbside. “It's a nice house.”
Dean makes sure to steal even more kisses, all afternoon, in plain sight.
Dean breaks the kiss, and Cas' eyes are still closed when he leans back, lips slack, just beautiful.
Suddenly, it's very silent in the bunker. Dean can't help it – a grin is etched onto his face permanently now. Shit, Cas gave up
The fridge is cold.
This time, Jo doesn't mock-gag. Maybe because Dean's hand is in Cas' hair and maybe because the kiss is a bit much.
“On a bender,” Castiel jokes, and decidedly does not glance at Uriel.
Unfortunately, there's not much time to talk to Cas, so Dean is left in the dark as to whom he visited and why. If it wasn't so busy already, he'd go nuts from curiosity, but around this time, people also come here to eat. So Dean splits his time between helping Jo at the bar and flipping burgers and stirring Chili con carne with Ash in the kitchen.
, I'll explain briefly why Dean is singing along to Elton John - seems odd, doesn't it? So one, I have a theory, that this Dean, in this story, who only knew John Winchester for 4 years while he was still a kid, wouldn't internalize as much toxic masculinity. John would absolutely have had reasons for Dean to not listen to a gay artist. And Dean would've loved rock'n'roll. And two, the reference is Rocketman, the movie. Fitting title for this fic, isn't it? And in particular,
“And you wandered off with a fairy?” Jo asks back, hands slung around Charlie's neck.
When they're done, Dean sees puffs of white in Cas' dark hair, where flour has inexplicably made its way upwards. Laughing, he reaches up to ruffle Cas' hair, explains, “You've got flour there,” but his hand lingers once the flour is gone.
Cas' words ring in his ears. Thinking about it is, to Dean's relief, a moment killer to his physical reaction.
Cas taps his toes against his heel, and Dean winks at him. Just a silent admission that he sees Cas, that he really looks forward to taking him home tonight.
Who is he kidding, though? It’d change
How is Castiel so… in command, as if he has any right to look this Akkarean in the eye and stare her down like an equal? Cas does have balls of steel.
“And showers?”
“I love you.”
Dean isn’t religious. Some cults survived the destruction of the Earth, sure. The belief in a God, in something bigger than them, is still widely prevalent in Terran refugees. Dean hasn’t been raised in faith, and he has little interest in the matter.
I swear this is fic won't go into detail about that. Lol nope.
So he was listening, the little shit.
“Why?”
Dean hesitates at the emphasis. “Yeah. Nothing like with Sam. Different. But something's up.”
“Nice to meet you, Castiel,” Cassie says and they shake hands.
To make a point, Dean throws his arm across Cas' shoulders, pulls him close.
Wordlessly, Dean grabs the bottle of Dracula and two shot glasses and pours another for Ash and himself.
For a few moments, they look after the retreating rear lights as they vanish down the road.
“Okay?” Dean says, takes a few steps past the others, and Cas follows him, a silent, but determined presence not straying from his side. “Done doing what?”
The water pressure is divine and Dean appreciates that the shower cabin is, theoretically, big enough to fit two grown men. Which is good to know - just in case. He imagines Cas hopping under the shower with him, allows his mind to drift for once. He has to get used to it.
Yet, Cas is here, sunlight dancing around his nose, setting his eyes alight, catching the dry ridges on his lips. All in all, that picture doesn’t appal Dean the way he expected it would.
It doesn't always need that big bang of revelation, where sparks fly and destiny rearranges itself. That moment where eyes meet and heads turn and it's all said and done.
Locking eyes with Sam, Dean scowls. “That's too easy. Where's the catch?”
So, really, it’s not like Sam
Jo nods, slips past him, right as Dean turns around. As to not collide, he grabs Jo's shoulders and guides her away. It's a fluent, instinctive move. They're awesome like that, a well-oiled machine.
“Dean,” Castiel says again, and then the best part of it all happens. Long fingers card into the short hair at Dean’s neck, and he gets tugged forward into what has to be the most desperate, needy kiss he has ever shared. It’s all teeth and pressure, delicious, flaring pressure, low in his gut, deep in his belly. A primal energy, surging, flaring, consuming him.
Dean doesn't tell her about Eileen or Sam, doesn't want to raise her hopes. They hang up after a few more meaningless lines of small talk.
They haven’t seen her before. Her chin held high, eyes like steel, hands behind her back,
“So,” Dean rasps, wishes he'd had a drink, then remembers the cooler box on the back seat. The door of the Impala creaks the way it does since the accident with Dad – he never quite figured out why. But the sound makes him smile.
Dean frowns, turning towards Cas, “But. How's her son here? Monsters go to purgatory, don't they?”
The roadhouse sure is busy. There's music blaring through the closed door, laughter and rough shouts and the clinking of glasses.
With a nod, Cas drinks his coffee.
Dean's heart is too full.
Since it's Dean's underwear it's boxer briefs, not the wide boxers Jimmy seemed to come with. The shirt falls just about to Cas' hips, accentuates the black boxer briefs hugging his ass just right, and Dean stops short in his tracks.
happening. He starts slow this time, little pecks to the corner of Cas' lips, over his stubble, over his chin, back to full lips, kissing, teasing, thumb rubbing Cas' along cheek and jaw.
They spend all afternoon exploring the park and when the sun sets, there's a little line dance show. Without really talking about it, they head towards the parking lot afterwards.
Cas smiles all the way through the afternoon. They get snacks and beer –
heaven after all, so no need to lug beer crates around or be a perfect cocktail mixer – snapping it will always work.
“What, it's not like I ever had time for these things?” Dean tries to defend himself.
You guys, your comments have blown me away. I have no idea how I deserve all this love, but I'm so so happy that this fic gives you some peace and comfort. It does, for me, too. And I have a feeling we all need it, in the wake of the finale.
Chuck shrugs. “So, yes, you can choose, Castiel. Be an angel for eternity, immortal, free to roam heaven. Free to roam amongst the souls up there, but cut off from earth. Free to visit Dean once he leaves this earthly plane. I can even throw in your wings for free.”
I see you loved last week's shenanigans and it makes me so happy to read your comments about it <3 As always, thanks to everyone who follows this story week after week, even if you're just subscribing and reading and never comment: I appreciate you being here and going on this journey with me!
He doesn’t need to do this to himself, embarrass himself. This is stupid.
“I know,” Cas states, voice firm and annoyed.
Cas follows his lead, bless him. Mary hands Cas a handful of plates and Dean a handful of cutlery each and lets them work while Sam and John chat. Dean doesn't listen.
Dean keeps his eyes pressed shut, groans against the back of his hand, slapping it onto his mouth.
“She might still be.” Charlie shrugs. “Like I said, the tapes were old. Eighteen years, give or take. It might not even be her, and spaceport security tapes aren’t that HD, you know that.”
Cas eyes him carefully, like he knows there's more to it. “You probably could, if that was really what your heart desired. Some hunters have done it, imagined their last hunt, surviving it instead of being killed. It's their way to reconcile with their death.”
And so help him God-- or Jack, or how about
Dean pushes his overfilled plate to the middle of the table so they both can eat from it.
So what if Dean enjoys long walks into the sunset and lunch dates across the globe. So what if he can spend entire mornings looking at Cas' sleeping, relaxed face. So what if maybe Cas isn't completely wrong.
He's not one to have emotional connections to Sam's girlfriends, he realizes. He either despises them for some arbitrary reason (Amelia), hasn't ever spent a significant amount of time with them (Jess), they're dead (more than one) or a demon (Ruby, see also: dead).
“I have. There's nothing in heaven for me. What I want, what I always wanted, was to stay here with you. Ever since I pulled you out of hell… well, I'd much rather be here. And history has proven that I'm—”
Cas puts the other one on Dean's ring finger, and the first time Dean sees it, there, it makes his stomach burst with butterflies and all the cheesy things he'd never let himself have.
“It is, if she’s trying to reach you and you’re not answering,” Uriel spits the words out, each one pointedly emphasized.
And Dean never thought it'd feel like this.
They spend their day like any other, have breakfast on the porch, go to Bobby's for lunch and a chat.
Dean tells him, personal revelations aside. It's not like said meeting consisted of more than three sentences going back and forth before they left.
“Towards Akkarea, but let’s see if Charlie can find more on that.”
“Oh? How so? Already out of money?”
As he lies there, spent, spunk on his belly and on his hand and blissed out, he realizes he should really reciprocate. With his hand still covered in his come, he remembers. Something he heard, once. He's not yet sure if it's too much, but they can try.
And Cas does. Gives him one, two well-timed strokes and stares at him with glassy eyes as Dean curls his arm around his neck, holding him down, holding him as close as physically possible.
Dean laughs, from the bottom of his lungs, although he quickly turns serious again. “Okay, sounds awesome. So. He told me he loves me, I barely get out a 'me too' and there's the Empty and he's gone and I'm just sitting in the bunker with that info-bomb and no one to bounce it off of. And my head goes spinning, alright. Just down in the trenches, roller coaster ride into rock bottom. I never had my eye on Cas, not like that. Sure, we had this... thing going. Profound bond, whatever. I knew he had my back. I knew we were friends, we were close, he knew stuff about me that even Sam didn't. And suddenly, knowing what I did, my mind was busy picking it all apart. All the years, everything that happened. And it just. Hit me.”
There's no sparks, no puff of air, no explosion, just— silence, after Amara and Chuck are gone.
Maybe it’s about time to be bold, too.
But the way Jody tucks her arm around Donna, the way Donna bops her head down on Jody's shoulder, he can't do sarcastic at the moment. Not when it's true, not when it hits so close to home, too.
“What?” Sam asks, intrigued, like he saw something in Dean's expression.
“I'll join you later,” Cas smiles, still in his underwear, cup of coffee in hand, looking ruffled and sleepy and sexy and perfect.
The jukebox is playing the last notes of a Boston song.
, but learning it is way more intriguing at this point.
a bit allover the place there. Did it fit? Did you like it?
busted?”
“Yeah, yeah,” Sam gives him a one-fingered salute, then moves towards the stairs. “We should call Crowley in the afternoon. I have a few questions before we agree to this.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Sam mirrors it, and doesn’t look away from her as he clicks the safety back on and puts his gun into the waistband of his pants, at the small of his back.
“What about you?” Cas asks, afterwards, when he has regained his breath and his decency, cleaned up and pants re-zipped.
Who will blow him tomorrow. Or today, technically speaking.
For a moment, she studies him, then she says, “What do I have to do for you to trust me?”
Sam slaps his hands away. “Yeah, yeah. Fuck off.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Rowena bristles. Sam laughs, consoles her with a pat on the shoulder.
Jack looks up at her. “What about me? Will I be able to make a choice, too?”
Closing his eyes, Dean imagines it. Thinks about those particularly toe-curling kisses he's had. Thinks about what he likes, because he wasn't choosy about this, ever.
you. Not the one off the line with the crack in his chassis. Never you.”
The sun is still up and shining, so Sam kicks back and just soaks it up. For now, he can overlook Dean’s obvious ploy of ignoring the problem at hand. Dean will come around sooner or later, he always does. They always find a way, a solution. They will, this time, as well. And if one part of the solution is to let Dean have a night out, have someone turn his head so he has it on straight, afterwards, so be it.
So with his lips still around Cas, he looks up, captures his eyes and grins, as much as he can with a cock in his mouth.
“You're going to like heaven, once you get there,” Jack smiles at Dean and Sam. “I... consulted someone. He told me to give you his best, and that 'there's no more Winchesterland or Ashland and you better get your asses to the Roadhouse for a drink once you get here, bitches'.”
Cas plays with his foreskin instead. Dean knows the fascination, has enjoyed it with quite a few women, too.
Dean's brain bluescreens for a moment.
, who chose
“Dean,” Ellen chastises him, more out of habit, lacking bite.
Dean shakes his head, doesn't want to ruin the mood or the situation, but--
“The Roadhouse is mandatory tonight,” Dean had told Sam.
Cas sighs. “Yes. Knowing you for as long as I have, I was sure you wouldn't--” he turns away, stares out the window. “I know what you said. But I knew what would happen if you returned the sentiment. And it did.”
Dean licks his lips. True, he doesn't quite have a good answer to that. It's just movie tropes, general knowledge, so to speak. But he can't deny that he does look forward to whatever Cas is planning. This feeling, festering, spreading inside of him, the butterflies in his stomach when Cas gets that mischievous glint in his eyes, he wants to relish that. To feel it amplify whenever he touches Cas is an honor and a blessing all at once, and Dean doesn't ever want it to stop.
At the end of the day, he even tracked down a Bel Air that Bobby had sitting around for what looked like decades. The hood was already missing and a decently sized bush with a decently sized mouse nest had taken residence where the motor once was, but Dean only needed a few screws and a surprisingly mint exhaust tip off it.
“Wait,” Charlie says. “So am I telling Sam?”
"Yeeeehaw!" Dean shouts as he turns the steering pad into a sharp left and upwards, out of the immediate line of fire. He knows they've made it as he hits first the switch of the tracking diffuser, an afterthought added to the command bridge, retrofitted, then the one for the hyperspace converter in one practiced, fluid move.
Cas smiles at him, reassuringly, and it takes a load off Dean's mind. “Me too, actually. It felt certainly more intense than I anticipated.”
“Hey, if this is the start of some dating shit, we should slow the fuck down.” Dean jokes, only notices belatedly that it sounded way funnier in his head.
To be fair, Dean is pretty much full, but there's still bacon and this easy conversation is definitely better with something crunchy between his teeth. “Do
Dean believes her, he does.
Dean puts the Impala back into gear and she rocks and sways her way back onto the road.
Dean blinks, but figures. Of course Eileen guessed. “Do you want us there? Are you sure you don't want to settle in by yourself first?”
Cas smiles. He pauses, thinks, until he eventually says, “You know homophobia is nothing I can't deal with. But if he disrespects you for who you are or badmouths us or anything, you know I won't stand for it.”
There's a proud laugh as Sam pumps his fist. "That's what you pay me for."
Dean throws his head back with a laugh and Cas tries and fails to suppress a small smile. “I can see why you like each other.”
And for experimental purposes, Dean trails his fingers down Cas' jawline, down to that tempting set of lips, but the stubble-- but it's Cas! - but no. Dean drops his hand, takes a step back to get some space between them, to regain his sanity.
himself enjoy.
father when it was necessary. Let me return the favor.”
Cas hums, low in his throat. “I don't know. Accounting work? You
Sam glares at the screen. “How do we know we can trust you?”
Ellen appears behind the bar when Donna greets, then takes a seat next to Cas. “So, you're Donna? Welcome.”
Big shout-out to the wonderful people of the
“Yes, everything is in order.”
“Hi,” he says, puts the glass of water in front of Jack, the whiskeys in front of Sam and Eileen, and ruffles Sam's and Jack's heads afterwards. Jack takes it with stoic silence and fixes his hair afterwards, Sam bristles and flips Dean off.
“Sorry, I didn't mean to--”
That's... a hop, skip and jump of his heart Dean did not expect.
In front of Baby, visible on the huge screen that takes up the entire front of the command bridge, the first rays of a familiar sun dip the inside of their ship into a second-hand glowing red.
“Aw, didn’t you have a nice date with Castiel? Or why are you so grumpy?” Sam laughs, then chugs half a bottle of water in one go.
Instead of fighting this feeling of being alone, Dean allows himself to enjoy it. It's good, having time for himself, every once in a while. And he knows that Cas will be there, later. Anyway, Cas will be there in the morning when he wakes up and in the evening when they go to sleep. And isn't that everything he ever wanted.
“Don't tell me,” Charlie hides her grin behind her hand, almost squealing. She's almost too excited about this.
Sam grins at her. “Since when do you call?”
Dean gives her a grateful nod, then leans back so Eileen can read his lips. “What happened?”
“The girl you told me about in your... prayer. The one who fingered you during oral sex.”
Dean dangles the car keys on his index finger, at eye level. “Nowhere, just a test drive. See if I missed anything besides the front suspension.”
Jo grins, and holds on to Charlie's shoulder as she gets up, “I'm sure it's you who has to deal with the consequences, big guy,” she says as she passes him, her delicate fingers stroking his cheek. “Anyway, I'll be right back!”
Dean ducks his head, the sentence hitting him at full force. “Uh. Cas, you don't just say that to a guy.”
But when Cas gets it in, it feels
Mary puts a big portion of meatloaf on the table with dumplings and red cabbage and Dean grins at his Mom knowingly. She shrugs, and grins right back before she goes to serve the salad.
Dean lets Cas' fingers slip from his mouth, fingertips resting against his bottom lip as he says, nothing short of smug, “'cause you remember what I looked like giving you a blowie.”
Dean shrugs, nods and gets the milk. “And how is this--” he shakes the milk carton, “any different than the eggs?”
All right, we all know what's next, let's see if it'll be a big deal. What are your thoughts? And how did you like the smut?
Dean huffs. “I guess. I don't know. And trust me, we've all been waiting. Eileen is patient, or she tries to be. But I dunno, if I was dead for 40 years and have been here 4 days, then Sam must be, what, 130 years old now?”
Most of what she said eludes Dean. Yeah, they were foolish to fall for the Drifters’ ploy. But the rest? No idea.
Sam gets more and more nervous the more time passes, is unnerved when he checks the scanner every five minutes and there’s still no salvaged Akkarean military ship parked next to Baby.
“Oh, shush, it’s a preference.” Dean winks. “Besides, I already had—”
stood up to
heaven. Having known the principle of heaven, getting used to this will take a moment.
The reply is short, a huff more than an actual word, but Sam says, “Yeah,” and Dean ignores that his brother clearly is in pain in favour of ensuring it doesn’t get any worse.
And she's not even sarcastic about it. Dean chuckles.
Cas looks at him all strange. “Do you feel that, too?”
And with that, he's off and on his way around the bar to Jo, who throws his apron over to him.
When Dean looks over, the guy is gone, despite his promise to be there if Dean would change his mind.
A short cough and a sip of coffee later, Dean answers, “Regarding us or what do you mean?”
Dean waits.
And that's just it, isn't it?
“You tell us.”
“'m gonna come,” he says, feels Cas' other hand grab his ass cheek, holding on, and then there's that delicious push and a slight burn, spit dried, not enough lube, but Cas' finger entering him, just one, not more than the tip, but it's not about that, not at all.
Dean smirks as he pats Cas' shoulder. “Only good things, I'm sure.”
Sitting up, he notices the remote sitting on the side table, and the chair pushed sideways for a good sight at the TV. Cas is gone, though.
Okay, so Cas looks at him like
I'll see you at the end, I bet you're as excited as I am for Sam's return. :D Enjoy!
Cas gulps and replies way too quick, voice an octave or two higher than usual, “No! No, I mean. That's not it. Dean,” and the way his name rolls of Cas' lips, Dean is very confused, that is not-- “I'm not your boyfriend.”
Tipping his head back, Castiel looks at the ceiling and suppresses a sigh.
"Te amo." - "Y yo a ti, Cas."
He’s prepared for the first jab, for any comment, anytime.
He was never aware that a porch swing was on his list of must-haves, but maybe it's one of those subconscious things. Or, Dean reminds himself, looking at the angel beside him, a Cas thing. At least, Cas looks very content, sitting here and nodding with the lazy back and forth of the swing.
Upon opening his eyes – and it's a testimony to how used to this he became in the last couple of days, that he doesn't flinch or anything – he finds a dark mop of hair, on his chest.
For a while, they don't talk. Both staring at the lake, at the unmoving lures in the water. They haven't caught a single fish yet. Jack drinks a sip of beer.
She hits his shoulder. “Sorry,” she nods at Dean and Cas. She's so not sorry.
“Spill it,” Dean says at the same time Charlie blurts out, “I think I found your mom.”
Sam and Rowena clamor to their feet, and Sam just hugs her tight. She buries her face against his chest, and Sam rests his chin on her head. “Thank you,” he whispers, and Dean feels like he wasn't supposed to hear that.
Ok, but maybe Cas has his own taste? Though Dean's pretty sure that topic wouldn't be covered by any books on angel lore.
Dean returns the sentiment with his smuggest smile.
“Well, maybe I want to, because you deserve nice things,” Cas replies, defiantly so.
Dean sits down and digs in. Truth is, he's slightly nervous, and he doesn't quite know what Cas is going to say.
“You sure?” Cas asks, and Dean nods.
“... Loves you?” Charlie provides.
And Sam still hasn't shown.
He can enjoy tonight.
And since they have a silent agreement to sleep naked, Dean also feels Cas' dick lining up with his own.
He barely thought about that Pro’aloon during that conversation, not more than that one fleeting thought. It’s only now that he catches sight of it again, he feels his dick jump.
It's his Mom who opens the door to Sam and Eileen. Golden locks framing her face, laugh lines crinkling around her eyes. Just his Mom. Not scary at all.
For a long while, Cas plays with Dean's fingers in his hand, trails his fingertips along the tendons and up to their tips and short nails, down to the palm, traces old scars and healed tears and cuts. Dean lets him. The little touches are both reassuring, tickling and intimate, in a way. Cas is mapping out his life line down to the heel of his hand and back up, bumps his fingers over the callouses. It's his right hand. The one he punches, shoots, stabs with - those callouses are not from woodworking. And yet, he's so tender and careful, like he's taking in the life Dean lived by the traces it left on his palm.
Dean huffs. “I'm fine.”
And somehow, like that, the ice is broken. Sam escorts Jimmy to the booth with Bobby and Jody eyeing Jimmy up and down and Dean gets a round of drinks and shots for all of them.
Since he has no taste, clearly.
Sam just smiles this big, enigmatic smile at him.
“A vampire!” Ellen booms, and the patrons suddenly cheer and roar. “Dracula shots for everyone! Follow me!”
Cas' lips twitch. “And then?”
Cas hums against his lips, and Dean is acutely reminded of their morning in bed. Of hot, open-mouthed kisses and a hand on his dick and a cock between his legs and this is not the time, but Dean gets hard just thinking about it, nonetheless. They should probably not do this on his brother's porch, so Dean pulls away, tips his forehead against Cas', looks into clear blue eyes and wonders again how he got so lucky.
Dean smiles against Cas' soft t-shirt.
Sighing into his shoulder, Donna clutches hard at his back before letting him go. “Sure,” she says to no one in particular, eyes drifting to something behind and between Cas and Dean, where the door of the Roadhouse is. Slowly, a smile, then a grin splits her lips, and what can only be classified as a shriek escapes her.
As you can probably guess, shit is about to go down. Lots of action coming up, lots of
Dean is grinning like a loon.
So he prays.
“The canned beans should make up for it,” Cas says, then, squinting at the label as he keeps the can at arm’s length. “And they provide a protein source.”
Cas quirks an eyebrow at him, drops his gaze to Dean's crotch.
There's a hum, no judgement, understanding.  “You’re a mercenary?”
A smirk works its way onto Dean's lips, and he rubs his thumb over the heel of Cas' hand. “Oh my god, you were so jealous.”
And yet here they are.
“If you want.”
metal, the walls, the floor, the appliances. Two bare bunks. A water faucet with a tiny sink under it.
Dean doesn't know what to say but inwardly, he's already foaming, bracing himself for an argument. An argument he never expected to have with his dad while he was still alive.
A squirrel jumps down a tree to the right, where the hills encompass the house, and runs through their garden, undisturbed. A warm breeze ruffles their hair and the leaves of the trees around them.
"Oh, good morning, Cas." So cheery, way too cheery. "Hey, next time, don't leave Dean's clothes all over the place, please?"
Naked skin on skin is something else.
Plus, it's not like he needs an excuse for wanting to watch movies with his partner. Boyfriend. Companion? He settles for partner with a nod to himself. Boyfriend sounds like they're fourteen and dating instead of forty-two - or, millennia-old - with having spent the past twelve years joined at the hip.
However, Dean can hear the badly concealed, delightfully sharp intake of breath from the stranger as he slides up onto the chair next to him. Someone wasn’t counting on Dean coming right over, he notes with amusement.
“Oh, hey, Dean,” Sam greets him on his way in, hair sticking to his forehead, dripping with sweat.
Dean's eyes are already drooping shut because he is damn tired and it's probably in the early morning hours, who knows. But he can't have Cas stand there all night.
Dean starts again. “What you said, I took it to heart as best as I could. It helped a lot to accept that my... love for others sometimes has destructive consequences. But you were right, and I needed to hear that. And what can I say, we won because you saved me.”
Cas hides his amusement, unsuccessfully. “I just want to spend time with you, I haven't seen you all day.”
What Sam managed on earth, he had to go to heaven for to really
Chuck looks at her for a long minute and Dean doesn't know what to say, doesn't feel qualified to say anything, as if that has ever made him keep his mouth shut. But this time, it feels like it'd be an intrusion.
His own closet is as colorful as always, and Dean picks up an olive green button down and a plain black tee underneath. Dark blue jeans are an easy choice, socks, underwear, “I'm gonna hit the shower!” he says, because in three days of heaven, he hasn't showered once.
And at the back of his head, a possessive thought manifests:
The air is cool by now, almost too cool to go out without a jacket, but the breeze is much appreciated.
Cas' eyes are closed, a frown dips his eyebrows, but his lips are exactly like Dean thought. Full and red and shining and Dean knows that if he kisses him right now, something will happen, and it will happen all at once and he doesn't want to break the spell they're under.
There's a short, stinging pain shooting through Dean, but right when he starts to breathe through it, the pain is already gone.
It can't be that difficult, right? He knows cocks. Well, his own. Has extensive experience with jerking it. He can do this. He straightens – well, as straight as straddling his partner, naked, in bed, can get. And suppresses to chuckle at his own internal bad pun.
It works for them, and that's the point. Dean grins an epic, happy smile, and finds Cas' lips curled at the edges.
Dean ignores him.
Cas scowls, “That's not what I mean and you know it.”
Putting the list aside, he unhooks the metal rod that keeps the hood propped up and lowers it carefully over the engine bay, cleans his hands on the rug in his back pocket afterwards.
Cas' thrusts turn frantic, and Dean can feel the twitch of his dick against his inner thighs, against the soft spot behind his balls, and his own cock is definitely interested, if still too spent.
A few thoughts hit him all at once. First, when they first crashed, he had the scan run the habitation probability of this planet. Sam remembers very well that it said 5.6%. That is, of course, not an absolute, not a zero and also still not more than a probability. There might still be life on this planet. But the scan was very detailed — this planet is too hot during the day, too cold during the night, there’s no buildings or oceans on the surface, there was no actual movement or structures detected, and he’d assumed that if there was life on this planet, it might just exist on a micro-biological scale.
“Me too?” Cas asks, seeming surprised.
Blinking at him, Eileen seems stunned. “Your hyperspace converter
Sam nods, bites his lip, “What about Eileen?”
Sam hasn't been on his mind as much, these past days. And maybe Dean does feel a bit guilty about it, but it's heaven. He's fine and Sam will be fine, too.
Dean feels Sam more than he sees him appear beside his car, their car.
Charlie giggles. “And was it as weird as you thought?”
It's all so normal. Comfortable. Dean lets his eyes fall shut.
are also the person I chose to share
Dean smiles. “Since you were married to my brother for what, 40 years?”
This should feel weird, but it doesn't. It isn't.
“I was suggesting the three of us on a beach in Mali.”
“It was the truth. So thank you.” Castiel lets the words drip with sarcasm, because he can, then steps past Uriel to leave him standing right there, all dressed up with nowhere to go.
Those pants really hide nothing.
So Dean's good.
When Sam came in, it was just like when Dean got here.
Cas isn't a one-time thing and he surely isn't a hook-up, though.
How he ended up in this perfect version of heaven, he will never know.
“Tell me.”
The people who raised them sit right here.
Ellen shouting. “Sam Winchester! So what or who got you here?”
Dean huffs, closes his eyes for a moment. That is a whole different box with ten layers of duct tape around it and a neon red 'Do Not Open' sign on every side. Maybe a 'Fragile' one, too, and Dean won't touch this with a ten foot pole, not today. “Um, no. You wouldn't have wanted me to have any relationship, whatsoever, because that only put a bullseye on that person's back.”
Cas' hand comes up to the small of his back, and the pressure intensifies as Cas just keeps him right where he is, perched on Cas' thick thigh. The grinding becomes pressure, in slow, small circles, and Dean gives. He can't.
That's when Dean spares a glance at him – once again in his usual attire, trench coat and all. “Man, we gotta talk about your wardrobe. You know, I'm sentimental too, and the tie--” he stops the car, puts her into drive, but doesn't let up on the breaks. Instead, he leans over the front seat, tugs at Cas' tie to pull him over, into a kiss. “-- has its advantages. But.”
Cas groans, and that sound will be the end of Dean, one day.
Cas has his faults and his baggage, too, he's prone to not telling him shit when he's being a protective asshole, which has been all they've ever fought about. Dean sees that now. But when Cas promises things and when he tells Dean stuff, it's the truth, even though he's learned that the hard way, too.
Even when they touch down in Bobby’s backyard, all Charlie does is put her hand on his elbow and look up at him, serious for the first time since she caught Dean in the kitchen, this morning.
The drive was a short one, and it hadn't hit Dean until he rang the doorbell – he's not only going to see his Mom again.
The way Cas works, lost in thought, quiet, shooting Dean a distracted, but happy smile here and there, doesn't exactly point to him being ready to talk yet. He doesn't even ask about where to put certain things, or where to find the vacuum, and Dean realizes with an increasingly warm feeling spreading in his chest that the bunker is Cas' home, too, has been for a while. So they clean up, and when Dean tosses a box of matches over to Cas with only as much as a “Hey, head's up,” Cas wordlessly stashes it in the drawer of one of the sideboards, where all the matches and lighters are. Because he knows where this stuff is supposed to go.
“What?”
And feeling Cas smile against his lips is all the reassurance Dean needs.
“Excuse you,” Dean laughs. “I'm always right.”
Last time: third base happens, Cas proposes to Dean, and the Roadhouse gets wrecked during Dean's birthday party.
Turns out, without having to bother with all the necessities humans usually need to deal with in the morning, they each seem to be very much of a morning person. Open-mouthed kisses turn more insistent and they've done this, this isn't so hard any more, is it? Pun not intended.
They don't drive far, because it's already dark and Dean can't wait to get Cas onto any horizontal surface.
Cas shrugs. “I'm more inclined towards the hanging out with you aspect of it than the movie itself, but I also know your taste in movies. You will pick something I can enjoy, too.”
“Happiness might be in saying it, but it's even more so in the having,” Dean mumbles into Cas' ear, and Cas burrows into his shoulder, squeezing him tight. The lips against his neck are smiling, grinning.
Inside, Dean finds Ellen bent over a steaming pot of what smells like chili, waving over her shoulder. “Hey, Dean!”
Dean drives until he reaches a bridge, and the twang in his chest makes him ease up on the gas pedal, then hit the breaks.
With a nod towards the mirror on the wall, Bobby heads through the kitchen and out the door into the backyard.
the system. From a hyperspace
"Dean! What are you doing up already?"
“No, he won't,” a voice says.
On screen, Crowley frowns, almost put out. He was all set to rant at them, Dean can tell by the way a vein pops at his neck, but Sam’s taken the wind out of his sails. All he says is, “Fine.”
Suck Cas, right here.
Dean's possessive streak is very pleased.
Dean thinks, proud. It lives on.
And with his head against Cas' chest, he finally falls asleep.
They really fit perfectly.
Santa Monica Pier, here they come.
That's how Dean falls asleep, and that's how he wakes up.
Are they doing anything about this situation he has going on here? Or shouldn't he pursue that? Maybe Cas wants to have breakfast first.
They all stare at each other, share a final nod, and part ways.
Dean's heart is bursting at the seams with so much love for this guy.
The guy is… just a guy. Humanoid, no obvious quirks to give his descent away. Might be Terran. Dark hair, full lips, beard, tan flight jacket, collar up high. He shoots Dean a half-smile and toasts towards him with a similar pink drink in his hand.
Cas shrugs, smiles, then repeats Dean's words to him. “I have nothing to say in my defense.”
“Same goes for you, you know,” Dean says, winks back, better, he assumes. “And, well. Thanks for last night.”
Sam sits down in the shotgun seat.
Yeah, not going there. “Is Dad--” he manages with a pointed look at Mary.
With a huff, Dean reaches around Cas' hips and pulls him close, rests his chin in the nook of his neck. Cas' arms come up to his shoulders, a bit awkward, but he leans into Dean.
Sam tilts his head, blinks up into the sun. “We’ll find a way.”
Merry Christmas to everyone who's celebrating - and happy holidays to all of us! Stay safe & healthy. Thank you for being here <3
“Sure. How about you come over for lunch again, sometime? Next Sunday sound good?”
Dean pauses. “How did you know?”
“Would you want to stay for coffee?” The implication is heavy in his words, but the truth is, they had a damn good time, those last couple of hours.
and Sam doesn’t even protest. “We got french toast?”
kiss it off his stupid, cute face, Cas manages to ask, “Where do you want to go?” between Dean peppering his cheek and necks and jaw with little nips and kisses.
. See you at the end of the chapter!
Sam snorts. “You should google that some time.”
He's had enough of it.
So right around the halfway point between Geuse and the coordinates Crowley sent them, they drop out of hyperspace.
Cas shakes his head, “No, not even me. Looks like we'll see soon, though.”
Dean scowls at Ellen, then at Cas, finds pinched lips and confusion. “Jack?”
Harshly, Dean hisses, a sharp intake of breath through his teeth. “I thought you had papers?”
Cas levels him with a nonplussed look. “If by 'humanity' you mean Dean, then yes. I'd always choose him.”
He clears his throat.
He turns the door knob and enters the building.
“So, you're, what, the groundskeeper?” Dean teases.
Last time: Dean confesses to Cas that he is in love with him, too, and they get touchy in the kitchen. Someone appears at the Roadhouse.
They stay where they are, afterwards, Dean in Castiel’s lap, in the pilot seat, Castiel’s face in the crook of Dean’s neck, Dean’s forehead on Castiel’s shoulder. Slumped against each other, boneless, basking in the afterglow, pants open and soiled.
Cas blinks at him, one, two, three times, in confusion, before the penny drops. “No. This is about me wanting to suck your dick.”
It's Cas, from the backseat, taking initiative to break the silence. “Can we show you something before that?”
Well, then. Castiel will go collect his reprimand and carry on.
Dean laughs.
Huffing out a self-depreciating laugh, Dean avoids Sam's interrogative gaze. “Because it's you, dumbass. Your opinion-- You know, even for me, Dad died fourteen years and some time in hell ago. I haven't met him in a long time. We both know we did some things he wouldn't be proud of in the meantime. But the thing is, we know why we did them and his opinion doesn't matter. Not like it used to.”
sure of his feelings. Hell, Cas just dropped that sentence about always choosing Dean, about being in love with him. They are sure of their feelings,
Cas eyes him wearily. “I will never get bored watching the whole of creation.”
Cas kisses him.
Cas blinks at him, then says, “You called me a 'dick with wings' and threatened to kick my ass. How could I forget.”
A sigh. “I suppose. And off the clock?”
“I do.”
In their time, these people would've never met. And yet, just the way Ash and Kevin are together, throwing all kinds of complicated questions back and forth before goofing off over some memes on Reddit like they did earlier, Dean can tell they're best friends. The way Charlie fits into their circle is amazing. There's Ellen, perpetually smiling when Dean has only ever seen her frown, always something on her mind, always assuming a threat looming somewhere. That Jo is comfortable enough to make out with Charlie at the same table her mom sits at with her stepdad is surely a hint, too.
With a groan so dirty it almost makes Dean blush, he drops his head back into the pillows.
“No, I was trying to say—” Dean rounds on him, finds himself face-to-face with a very pissed-looking former angel. “Cas,” he tries again, begs, voice soft as he tries to make Cas understand. “God, I'm so bad at this.”
They all snicker, and Cas looks at Dean like Dean knows, but fat chance. Dean shrugs.
For today, he's still too intimidated of the whole thought, Dean decides.
Thing is, Dean is usually not attracted to humanoids.
Next week: Earth! Crowley! (And will Cas and Dean meet again? Yes of course, this is a Destiel fic after all, buuuuut how and when? We'll see!)
Sam's smile extends into an ear-to-ear grin. "Looks like we did it. Are you making the call before we head over to Bobby's?"
in the depths of the bunker any more. He does not want to think about his brother and a certain red-head going at it, so he nods towards the door. “C'mon, let's get out of here.”
When Cas cups his cock return, Dean stops for a moment, a groan wringing itself from his throat.
So normal. Expected.
It takes Dean another two days to make up his mind, but he offers his peace to Sam in the form of taking two beers out to the porch. “Let’s call Crowley,” is all he says.
The answer is surprisingly easy. Dean closes the gap again, licks at Cas' closed lips, turns them open and pliant against his, feels Cas' tongue curl.
There's a twitch to Cas' lips. “You said you wanted to do things I'd like to do, too. And I felt like visiting Tokyo at night.”
“Better than ever. It's a treat, to be able to enjoy food again.”
And she never looked for her sons. Because it’s not like they made themselves hard to find.
He’s not even bothered about his dwindling erection or how obscene it must look when he rolls out of bed and heads for the en-suite bathroom. “You want breakfast?” He tries to brush it off, voice breaking, high-pitched, betraying him. He doesn’t look over his shoulder, can’t stand the sight of Cas in his sheets right now. On his memory foam mattress.
They are still busy exchanging heated glares over the counter when Jo clears her throat beside him.
With a frustrated groan, Cas drops his head back against the headboard.
Sure, it doesn't make up for a childhood spent abandoned, with Sam only, with too much responsibility too early – and hunting. For guilt trips and mindless obedience being asked of him without an alternative, without knowing it better.
He doesn't know what to do, doesn't know how to address this
Cas falls into a languid rhythm of rocking against him, causing delicious friction and perfect pressure and,
with Cas, he wants to remember every second of it. And he's not talking about Las Vegas.
For a moment, Dean looks at his hands. Rough, patches of scars everywhere. Countless fights, knuckles split open on glass, mirrors, washing basins, knives.
With a wiggle of his eyebrows, Dean cuts the call off.
Dean closes his eyes. Those prayers, they were so raw, so special. Among all the hurt, all the 'this can't be happening' and 'you can't just leave me here', Dean remembers all the ways he tried to tiptoe around the fact that he already knew that he loved Cas.
The truth is, Dean is both ecstatic and afraid. There are so many people he lost, so many people he looks forward to seeing again.
Cas shrugs, a bit smug. It's almost cute, if he weren't a grown man. “I might.”
Dean nods, hugs his brother because he's a sentimental little shit and Dean loves him. “You're drunk,” he tells him.
To think that his brother would be the guy to be married for forty years and still get starry-eyed at mentioning his wife, but of course.
Dean just thanks him and gets back to work. He's too sober to deal with a tipsy, talkative Bobby right now, although he does make a mental note to visit him some time next week.
And while Dean wasn't the biggest fan of champagne, it seemed all too fitting for a hunter having died of old age instead of a monster, of any unnatural cause of death. Of course he'd helped fill up glasses and got them out to the people, he'd even poked his head through the door behind the bar.
Cas sets down his bag of stuff on the floor beside the nurses station and paces anxiously by the whiteboard, where his name hasn’t been erased yet. He reminds himself that demons aren’t real, that he’s a human being. (And Dean’s reason to keep clinging on - most people, Cas thinks, would find that troublesome or a burden. He considers it a privilege because he knows what a good man Dean really is when everything’s boiled down.)
For a moment Cas forgets how to speak. He swallows and digs up some words. “I’m sorry, Dean. I want to help, that’s all.”
Mindful of his shoulder, seeing how his arm isn’t slung at the moment, Cas reaches slowly to grab one of Dean’s hands again. It’s made slightly awkward by the cast, but at least on this hand all his fingers are free. And they fold together with Dean’s.
As a final note on this fic - I am not, in any way shape or form, going to say that Dean and Cas' relationship is a healthy one. They are absolutely leaning too heavily on each other right now. Dean will continue to have breakdowns, Cas will continue to have psychotic episodes and panic attacks. They are both in therapy and it's completely plausible that they eventually
“Gee, thanks. But yeah, except that this time, it was a guy. He probably doesn't even remember, but it stuck.”
Only love, when Cas grins at him like that.
“Do you even
They lie in bed, still, quiet, not even cold but Dean – too lazy to move – wishes the covers over them, and that's infinitely more cozy and comfortable.
It's Mary. His Mom. Who knows Cas, has known him for years. There is no reason to worry about her reaction.
“I will.” And with that and an awkward, stiff wave, Jack vanishes with Amara and Chuck.
Dean snorts, huffs, “Wait, wait,” against Cas' eager lips, but Cas just closes his teeth around Dean's bottom lip and
“Chuck—”
So Dean serves drinks, pours shots and refills beer mugs from the tap, cracks open Red Bull cans and OJ cartons. Keeps busy, keeps bustling around, steals a kiss or two from Cas when he heads out into the room to collect empty glasses or take orders.
Eileen shows him how to do the scrambled tofu. It's easier than Dean thought.
With a frown, Dean nods. “We’ll meet you,” he agrees, vaguely enough.
And if Cas hadn't sacrificed himself, Dean would never have gotten out of the bunker, that day, and Chuck would've won.
So Cas and his mom already share Sunday dinner in heaven.
For a while, it's exactly what he needs. Only him and Baby and the open road, no end in sight.
With a blink and a scowl, Charlie waits.
Charlie chips in, “You think I'm good because I manage most songs on Pro? Kevin plays 'Through the Fire and the Flames' on Pro.”
In the bunker, Billy banging at the door, Cas smiling at him, eyes open, filled with tears and love.
“So, uh, guess I’ll see you around?” Dean offers, no such accusations warranted this time. He almost grins, bites it back just in time.
And Cas is blushing up to the tips of his ears, which is all kinds of cute.
The smile turns wistful, knowing, confident. Nowhere near as happy and blinding as... then. But it makes Dean want to do something. On a whim, he grabs the trench coat at Cas' elbow.
“Bobby told me.”
“You want to test that theory?” She grins, and for a moment, they stand in the kitchen, eyes locked. Sam bites his lip, and Eileen’s lip twitches into a smile. “Or you wanna offer a lady some coffee?”
“Ooh,” Donna nods in understanding, resting her head against the backrest. “Of course.”
Dean waves her off, “No, that's not... I google, okay. It's not that. I told Cas this, so he knows, I can't compartmentalize love and sex. Sex without love is okay, but love without sex, doesn't compute up here,” he taps his temple. “I want to sleep with him, it's just a mental thing. And we'll get there. We'll make it work, 'cause we want it to.”
Dean has the feeling that this is not what Cas meant to say, but he brushes it off nonetheless. With his free hand, he reaches up to pull Cas down by his neck to kiss him.
Cas nods around his dick, replaces his mouth with the hand that is not currently on Dean's balls, and with pleasure building low in his gut, Dean's mind focused on those two points of stimulation, Dean tries one last time to memorize this. Cas, sitting between his spread legs, on his heels, watching him with fond but serious baby blues, lips shiny with spit and reddened from the friction of his cock, pushing in and out. And the sex hair on him is just glorious.
Dean rolls his eyes and sings along the best he can – he won't admit that the song is kind of catchy, though. Taylor Swift he can admit to listening to and liking, and if that's okay, this is, too.
“Sometimes that's all it takes,” Cas smiles at him. “Did you get to say goodbye to Sam, the way you wanted to?”
Sam snorts. “Right.”
“Oh. Um. Is that customary?” Cas stutters.
Staring into the mirror for a moment, Dean hesitates. If he wanted to, he could snap it away. But it's also... proof. Proof in the shape of Cas' mouth, right there, for everyone to see. It's not a secret or anything, they are not a secret, especially after last night, so he has nothing to hide. There's no need to pretend.
At least he's fully dressed, and that his hair is a perpetual mess is, as Dean realized earlier, a character trait anyway. He looks rumpled and hot with his bed head and cowlicks and Dean still remembers what his lips taste like, dammit.
Sam hums and smirks and fucks off, at least. Small mercies.
And there's the first tear, as Dean falls into Cas' embrace.
Which is stupid, in a way, because he never even had a hand around his cock, not even his own.
After cleaning up – if one could call that cleaning up, Dean tracing lines of spunk around Cas' stomach with a proud smirk, then snapping it away – Dean rests his hand on Cas' shoulder, fits himself to the side of his body, throws a leg over both of Cas'.
Cas' lips wander up his neck, to his earlobe, teeth closing around it without pressure. There's stubble against his beard, just scratching along.
It takes him two seconds to scan the room and find Ellen sitting in one of the booths with a woman. She has her back to them, but Dean recognizes her immediately.
“What do we have to do?” Dean asks.
Okay. Everybody put your seatbelts on (especially you, Dean), let's go. Enjoy!
His heart does funny things. Doesn’t know what to do with this, and for once, Dean’s upstairs brain agrees. His downstairs brain is still not to be trusted, not when it comes to Cas.
It's too early for this. Dean can not deal with it, not now. Not when Cas is still around.
Panting, Dean leans in, rests his forehead against Cas'.
For once, Dean finishes his mouthful of eggs and bacon, washes it down with coffee, before he winks, “Am I 'certain humans'?”
The silence is deafening.
“Oh.” He rubs the back of his neck, embarrassed. “Sorry, I didn’t mean to be rude or anything.”
Dean salutes, beer still in hand, and almost doesn't want to interrupt Ellen and Cas who are done with preparing the salad, some garlic bread and a fruit platter and laugh about god knows what.
Cas bumps his nose against Dean's. “Are you ready?”
“Ow,” Dean rubs his shoulder, mildly amused at her outburst.
In the kitchen, he hears Ellen and Cas argue half-heartedly over cutting vegetables versus just snapping the salad to existence.
They are not talking about pornography at his parents' dinner table, not as long as Dean can help it.
If it was his mom, then… she survived the bomb.
to move, but he manages to pat at Cas when he turns around, and maybe hits the vague vicinity of his ass.
The reception, of sorts, is of course held at the Roadhouse.
With a nod, Dean tangles his foot around Cas' under the table.
The song is still stuck in his head when they stumble into a dingy motel room. Dean hums it, low in his throat.
Cas leans down, grabs his thighs right under his ass, inhuman strength lifting Dean on top of the hood of the Impala. With a shuffle of his feet, Cas stands between his spread knees, too close and yet not close enough when both of his hands reach up. Dean reflexively goes for his shoulders to steady himself, his stomach suspended in mid-air from the unexpected display of power. Which, holy shit, hot as hell. That Cas is able to lift him, just like that.
He needs to calm down, give Dean another few hours. Maybe they just stopped for a quick rest. They are only human, after all.
The tears, the smile, the look in his eyes. Dean blinks, his stomach in knots.
It's not like Dean recognizes all that many people that are waiting for whoever is on their way. In fact, there's a lot of unfamiliar faces in the crowd today.
It's very obvious that Bobby knows that, too. “Told ya once, telling you again, you're a better man than your Daddy ever was, Dean. Don't let him drag you down.”
A shiver runs through Cas, from head to toe, and Dean feels his heart skip a beat. God, he's so nervous. His hands are sweaty. Cas' hands drop to his ass, grabbing him, urging him closer, just closer.
Dean kisses Cas, slow and deliberate and soft, and Cas' lips are pliant and open under his. Dean shows him how to feel every ridge, every valley of his bottom lip and how to trace it. Shows him how erotic the tip of his tongue can feel, little kitten licks against his upper lip that make Cas go boneless in his arms. He returns it all in kind, just as slow, just as deliberate, just as loving. Dean lets him.
“'course,” Dean grumbles. “And it was a nice date. So thank you.”
It's Cas' turn to shrug. “I didn't see a reason to meddle. People are very... content, here, at the Roadhouse.”
Cas isn't even out of his pants yet and, that's,
Shaking the dreams off is never easy; it’s the feeling they leave in his stomach that makes him grouchy. Plus, goes to show how deeply he’d been sleeping, really, that he dreamt this vividly in the first place.
With a nod, Dean wraps his arm around her shoulders. She tucks right in under his chin, and Dean realizes he has missed her like a limb. Even after all this time, it's like they've seen each other only yesterday.
Cas' expression softens, becomes smug, but he nods. “Do you have something in mind?”
Jimmy... “Novak?” Dean scoffs, and immediately removes his very inappropriately placed hand from Jimmy's thigh.
Obviously, John doesn't know what to say.
He looks, for lack of better wording, delectable.
He drinks coffee with Eileen in the kitchen and they make idle small talk. They have pasta for dinner and reminisce about old cases and the bunker.
He wraps the overshirt around his hips, ties the sleeves in a double knot over his crotch, where Dean can barely make out a bulge in his jeans – the lighting inside the Roadhouse is too dim, unfortunately.
“Missed you,” he mumbles.
Cas quirks a Sam-esque eyebrow at him. Dean can't quite believe that this is his life – well after-life – now.
Last time: Donna makes a return, Jody is already waiting for her, and Cas renews his claim on Dean by putting his hand print back where it belongs, on Dean's shoulder.
What that implication means for him, and Cas, though. He can't quite wrap his head around it and the idea is still so out there, in his mind. He shoves it aside.
It's a strange thought.
This is part of who he is. Biromantic, bisexual, gay for Cas, swinging both ways, whatever. Yes, he hit on Ash, so it's not a thing that Cas brought out in him. Yeah, guys had always drawn his eyes, so? There was always the socially accepted way, going after girls. Why take the rocky road when there's also the path of least resistance.
Dean taps his knee. Summons a beer. Stares at the lake.
Dean mirrors the smile, but looks away and removes his hand when the door at the back of the bar opens. “Yo, what's going on here?”
cock stretching his jaw. He feels it, when Cas can't take him any further and it's not enough, but they'll get there, hell, Cas is very much average and Dean can barely take him but they'll get there--
It’s 4am.
Dean doesn't even blink, throws his arm over the backrest and basically around Cas' shoulders, and backs out of the driveway. “Everything okay?”
Cas places a chaste kiss to his forehead. “This is as much about trust and getting to know each other's bodies as it is about non-sexual intimacy.”
Cas doesn't react.
Cas shows up when Dean rolls the Impala out of the garage, lands right in the passenger seat, too.
Sam tilts his head, scowling. “What about, I don't know. The dead angels in the empty. Gabriel, for example?”
They get to catch up on so much now, and Dean is so looking forward to that.
