He doesn’t even realize he’s falling asleep until he wakes to the sound of Dean slipping into the bed behind him. The bedroom is dark, he can barely make Dean out in the shadows, not even sure which way he’s facing. There’s a rustle of blankets, Dean turning around in the bed to face him, must be, he thinks.
It’s easier sometimes when he’s not himself like for the moment he isn’t Dean Winchester he’s... He grumbles and pulls the badge out from his inside pocket, he really should’ve checked which badge he grabbed before he tucked it away but all the other badges were also there, Sam’s, the one Jack made himself. He feels a small tug of a smile at that memory, but he didn’t hastily grab a random badge because of Jack, it’s because he knows if he looked carefully he would’ve remembered the three freshly made badges sitting in the glove box that has never been opened.
She smiles back, “Nothing to be sorry about.” Her eyes soften and look at him expectantly. Did she ask him something? She looks down at his menu. “Can I get you anything else to drink, just to get you started?”
He pulls back, his skin suddenly crawling under her touch; he feels violated. "What the hell? What are you?"
He’s trying to remember if he saw any thrift stores in town when he hears the crunch of snow behind him but doesn’t look back, he knows the sound of Cas’ steps from years of listening to them tiptoe around him.
“Money, mostly.” She replies, typing something. He understands that not everyone can hustle pool and scam credit cards until their best friend, who is now dead, curates an unlimited source of income from the dwindling fortune of Dick Roman.
Cas looks away but his grip tightens on Dean’s hands, his breathing has picked up since Dean’s sat down but now it's visible, he can see the rapid rise and fall of Cas’s chest beneath his shirt. This is hard for him to talk about, Dean can see that. This is new, almost being able to see what’s going on in Cas’ head, he’s so used to the calculated ways Cas uses to protect himself, to keep himself at a distance. It’s exhilarating.
Dean pats the space beside him, “let’s just get that all cleaned up okay?” He nods towards his injured hand, where the blood has just started to drip down his palm again.
Time ticks on and the sun begins to set over Akron when Cas stands, Jack still in his arms. “Jack and I weren’t going to stay this long, and we should probably be heading back soon if I’m going to be able to get Jack to sleep tonight.”
“Rowena helped or Sam said she did, I never saw her.” He takes another swig. Did he see her? He doesn’t think so, he’d remember seeing her, she’s hard to forget. Not forget, just not think about.
He looks so beautiful even now, especially now. “You can have me you son of a bitch, you can fucking have me. I’m so fucking sorry you thought you couldn’t. I- I love you man, I love you too. I can’t let you leave here today without you knowing, you deserve to know and I’m a fucking coward for not telling you sooner.”
There’s a shuffling beside him, then Dean, beautiful as ever, appears beneath his cocoon of blankets. “Honey, there’s nothing to apologize for.” His voice is soft when he speaks, it’s the same tone he uses with Jack when he’s worried Dean’s mad at him for whatever reason, it’s reassuring and overwhelmingly full of love. He tries his best to hold his gaze but Dean is so overwhelming at times, he finds himself having to look away. How does he deserve to be subject to all the love in this man’s heart, he hardly feels like he deserves it.
“I understand, could you hand me the keys to the Impala, I just want to grab my sleeping bag before I head out.”
“I’ve never seen anything like it, if it’s magic it’s real powerful. Probably dealing with a witch or a god. I’m kinda leaning towards Harry’s wife, apparently Harry wasn’t too loyal, and there’s nothing like good ol’ adultery to get the murder flowing.”
When he blinks and the small, dingy bathroom comes into view he’s on the ground, knuckles bloody. There’s a loud, booming noise coming from somewhere close, it shakes him awake. His face is cold and when he reaches up he finds his face streaked with tears. There’s someone banging on the bathroom door.
“Can I get you started with some drinks?” Cas looks up and over at Marnie, he smiles. It’s just a polite one, small but it softens his entire face. Dean doesn’t hear what he says, just watches his lips move around each letter. He can do that now— look at Cas with his eyes open because he’s
It’s an odd feeling, cleanliness. He never had to deal with it before, sure there were stains, and dirt that muddied the vessel but it was barely a thought to rid it of them. Now it’s an experience, it’s almost religious. Taking the time to take care of the body it's akin to worship. Though the only being worth worshiping sits outside this room, trying his hardest to be so kind to a thing like Cas, he supposes there’s nothing wrong with trying to take care of the self, no matter how much he knows he doesn’t deserve it.
He breaks down, wrapping his arms around Cas’ waist and tightening his grip. He buries his face in his neck, letting his tears fall freely without restriction. Letting himself cry, really cry, for the first time in months. He feels himself shaken loose by the heft of his sobs. He can feel Cas shaking in his grasp, his own neck wet from Cas’ tears. They hold each other as they cry, almost swaying in the wind, almost like dancing.
George’s going on about Harry’s marriage, something he probably should be paying attention to when through the crowd of twisting people, the look of a young woman catches his eye, across the bar from him and George, sits alone in a booth hunched over. An untouched glass of something dark sits on the table in front of her.
“Nothing? You have no questions for me?” He moans, “Jeez, what’re they teaching up at the academy nowadays.”
Cas watches him and watches him and as he does so, the overwhelming feelings, the ones that feel as if they could swallow him alive, the ones he wants to let swallow him alive, bubble under the surface of his skin. Dean is so careful with him, his touch is light as he wipes the excess disinfectant off, and careful when he places the plaster over his cuts; it’s not a touch he’s worthy of, he shouldn’t be sitting here letting Dean touch him like he's something precious, like his touch isn’t the something to be sacrificed for. It’s terrifying how much he needs his grace and even more so that he would give up far more than it to feel this touch again.
Cas smiles, “Well, more like a toddler. But yes.” He almost looks sad about it, and Dean understands. Of course, Jack is his kid, he loves him no matter what, but it’s something like a sorta grief he must’ve felt for the Jack he knew.
Dean sits in the passenger seat of his own car, slumped over into the door with his arms crossed. The drive was long and tedious, the road bumpy with gravel that knocked his head against the frame of the door one too many times. His thumb bleeds as he continues to pick and pull at the peeling dead skin surrounding it.
He supposes these mornings that is more than possible, in fact, he feels like one of those geese himself, buried under layers and layers of skin and bone that feel like a prison more than anything else.
“Um, okay. Sure.” He mumbles. Cas isn’t even sure he heard him right before Dean side-steps past Cas into the bathroom. The door shuts before Cas can even question him, leaving him standing there, alone, wondering if he's going to be sleeping alone again. He collapses backwards onto the mattress. He’s more tired than he thought he was, he’s still not used to regulating his body but he feels the weight of it, how it pulls at his eyelids, makes his body heavy. Once he pulls back the blankets and slips into bed the exhaustion finally takes over. He doesn’t know if he can sleep but he closes his eyes anyway. The fabric of the blanket scratches at his skin, feels strange, a new sensation he wasn’t really expecting. The human body is so strange, there are feelings for everything. He can hear a faint rustling and a muffled voice behind the wall but he can’t quite make out what he’s saying, then the shower starts and all there is the drowning noise of the water hitting the linoleum tub.
“Sorry man, that probably wasn’t the welcome home you were expecting.” God, this really can’t be getting any worse. Not only does Cas not want to be here but he had to put up with him drunk and delirious in a motel bathroom.
He’s seen the birth of creation at the hands of God, felt the warmth of the first fire, heard the beauty of the first poetry and even now as his memories begin to fade under the limitations of the human mind, Dean’s smile is and always will, make them pale in comparison.
It should’ve been worse, now that he thinks about it longer than he has in a long time, he should’ve been different, came back someone, something else.
“Perhaps, but you are someone good, Dean. I believe that, and I think if you decide you want a life with me— yes, it will be hard, we’re both men who have, well,
“Cas.” His voice breaks and he pulls Cas up until his head is tucked into the crease of his neck. “I’m going to fix everything okay, if you want your grace back we’ll get it back, if you don’t then we’ll figure that out too. I need you Cas, really I do and not because you're useful or because I feel like I have to but because... Well, you heard me, earlier. I guess I’m just trying to say don’t give up on me yet.”
Coming from the darkness of the bar to the flickering fluorescent lights sends a throbbing pain through his skull, it stings his eyes. He can’t make sense of the room, or orient himself but he feels the cool ceramic of the sink under his hands.
It’s not crowded but there’s a sizeable about of people littered around. There’s no photo of Harry anywhere but he can hear his name in almost every conversation he can overhear. Overhead
So, he lets it choke him out and burn his insides to ash and he lets it smother him down into nothingness. Until the blood dries on the back of the door and the blood dries on the shoulder of his jacket and his hand stops reflexively reaching out for nothing.
But it was never permanent, there was always something or someone getting in the way or needing to be found or captured. Cas never stayed long, always gone, always working, trying to remain on top of himself, trying to remain useful, to remain useful to Dean. but it was always easier just to leave, even if it broke his heart every time.
Riley is blurry in his vision but he thinks she says something. Right, she said something about Harry. He nods his head, the action almost too much to remember how to do. He needs to sit down. He white-knuckle grips the edge of the counter to stay vertical.
Finally alone for the first time since Nora left for her bowling date Cas sits with it. He’s used to being alone now, it’s familiar. It doesn’t feel like everything else, he doesn’t even think there is a feeling for it, just something that is ingrained inside him. He doesn’t want it though, he craves connection, the feeling he gets when he’s with Dean and Sam but he doesn’t deserve those things, he deserves his loneliness so the only thing he can do is live with it.
“Dean, Dean.” He whispers around Dean’s lips, pulling back. “We- we should, we should stop.” He lets out a small moan as Dean kisses along his neck. “Dean.” He groans, slipping his hand up Dean's side and into Dean’s hair and tugging him back.
These mornings he and Dean wake up together, they knock into each other as they fumble down the stairs, sleep still heavy in their eyes, and they’ll lean on each other as they wait for the stove to heat up and the coffee to finish brewing. He and Jack will wait at the kitchen table after they’ve helped Dean with breakfast and they’ll all eat something they made together at their kitchen table, in the home they made and they’ll all still be half-asleep, (except for Jack who’s waiting for them to finish up so they can go play in the yard, if it’s not a school day).
She looks down at her hands curled together on top of the table, “Everyone knows- knew Harry. Real charmer, worked over at the high school.” Dean nods. Sounds like a real stand-up guy this Harry so why the hell did he end up minced meat? He should care about finding the answer.
She stands beside him for a few seconds shifting her weight back and forth before looking like she’s decided on something, he wonders what that feels like.
Dean leans forward, getting off his knees and presses a kiss to Cas’ lips. It’s soft and careful, a shadow of what just transpired and yet Cas’ body shakes with it. Then, he pulls back. Not far, their noses are almost touching, he’s slightly blurry in his vision.
Cas looks like he wants to reach over across the table, his gaze drops down and his fingers fidget but they don’t move. He looks sad all of a sudden. “You can do whatever you want Dean. You know that.”
George opens up to him about Harry, tells him that Harry is here more often than not, more often than he is at home. Tells him about his job at the high school, his home life. How he recently lost his job because of his drinking. She doesn’t go into too many details, nothing really important, but not because she’s holding back, he can tell she’s telling him what she knows. It’s the same story he heard from the Sheriff. Moved to town a couple years ago once they found a couple of jobs together at the same school and found themselves in Mount Ayr. She mentions their marital problems, how Harry losing his job right around when she got pregnant was one of the final nails in his metaphorical coffin and threw him out.
Cas is gone for hours, days, it feels like. His chest shakes with each breath, his fingers shake as he grips his hair in a grip that will likely result in hair loss. He can’t be sure he’s not dreaming, that somewhere along the way he and Sam got jumped by some Djinn, or maybe he just straight-up died somewhere between Kansas and here, is this what Heaven is like now, surely Jack would’ve done something about the prison Heaven used to be—this must be it, it has to be.
He won’t think about the weight of Cas’ hand on his shoulder and he won’t think about the tears building in his eyes and how he’s never seen that before this very day, before that very moment when he decided that Dean’s life was worth more than his, that love was something to be wielded like a weapon, something to be shuffled and dealt away like a bad hand. Something not worth keeping.
Her eyes widen, then quickly steel. She scoffs, “Whatever,” but pushes back from the desk and pulls the chair along with her, rather gracefully, into the backroom. She returns with two brown file folders.
Cas sits back on the leather bench, surveying him. “You’re still hunting.” It’s not a question, he’s not asking. It’s a statement or more like a revelation.
He feels Dean’s lips pressed up against his neck, his voice thick with exhaustion, with love, with desire when he whispers “I know sweetheart, I know.”
He gives Dean a small, closed-lip smile and nods.Dean never allows himself anything, so if he wants to continue his habit of sleeping in his own room, Cas will let him.
A quiet settles over them. Now he hears the noises of the street and the music filtering the streets. Cas stands in front of him, eyes glistening with tears so much like that day that Dean has to look away. “Why didn’t you come back, man?”
“Whatever man.” He chuckles, Cas rolls his eyes but then goes back to the menu, this time he does ask Dean what certain things mean, or if they’d be any good. This place is actually a pretty nice dig, there’s music playing and the other people sitting around are quiet, what was his problem yesterday?
He pulls his hands from where they rest on the table in case Cas tries to reach over and comfort him.
“Cas how could you… even if I somehow didn’t feel the same way, how could you think I wouldn’t want you around? You’re one of the most important people in my life, I couldn’t…. Even when I didn’t know, I would have rather died than live without you.”
“Are you human?” He asks, his voice dripping with worry, he can hear the voice at the back of his head’s
“Business or pleasure?” He takes a swift look around the diner. Isn’t their somewhere she needs to be. His whole body feels like a live wire.
“So what? How did this even happen? Did Jack save you then kick you out of heaven? Or was this your big idea?” Why is he angry, he doesn’t want to be but his voice is thick with it. He wants to sit here, forever and just hold Cas’ hands in this shitty motel room.
He never should have kept this secret but he did and now there’s no other choice but to die with it, cradled softly between his ribs as it smokes him out slowly and when a vamp or something worse finally digs their claws into him they’ll choke on the ash of his bones and the thick-black ooze of his blood, and everything he never said will finally be pulled out from inside him.
What he wouldn’t give to have his angelic sight back even just for a moment, to see Dean freshly showered, hair damp, wrapped in a blanket ready to sleep. For a bed as big as it is, there really isn’t that much space between them. Cas could probably barely get his arm stretched out before he found his hand on Dean’s cheek. The room is so quiet and dark, he almost feels brave because of it. He can’t hear prayers, he can’t heal, he’s just a man now, but he can do this, he can imagine. He can think about his hand on Dean’s skin, in Dean’s hair, touching him the way he deserves to be touched.
Don’t fucking tell me he’s been up there with you this entire time He doesn’t get to just.” He rubs the heels of his hands against his eyes until he sees spots, “Don’t tell me he can hear me and see me, that I’m..” He’s what? Does he even know?
“I might have something in mind.” She winks and writes something down on her notepad. When she collects the menu still sitting between his hands. She eyes him up and down, there’s something predatory in her gaze. His stomach clenches, which makes anger flare in his chest. This is normal, he knows how to do this, how to smile and flirt and charm women, especially small-town waitresses. This is who he is, what he knows, and yet.
Dean kisses him again, he can feel the weights on his chest being lifted, “You’re not a burden Cas, you’re not putting anything on me, I love you and I’m going to be here for you the way you’re here for me.”
Dean looks up at him then, eyes wide, mouth dropped open in surprise. He quickly closes it and moves in close, placing his hands on Cas' shoulders with only a slight hesitation, he feels the weight of planets, of the milky way in the flex of his fingers on his vest. “No, right. I mean yeah, I know that. Its .. I’ve seen you Mazel Tov Cocktail an Archangel, I’ve seen you
“Agent.” He stops himself, she looks down at her hands again when he turns around, “Actually, there was something strange now that I think about it. Before he left... Before he went missing. He was different. He was saying things he shouldn’t have been saying. I don’t really know if that’s relevant but…”
“Fuck you, you must have known. You were there, you knew he was going to d- about the deal and you didn’t say anything. Why didn’t you say anything.”
He takes Dean’s badge from his hand, looking back and forth between it and Dean’s face, inspecting it.
He hangs back by the magazine rack, close enough to see them but unable to hear the exchange. He watches the interaction with feigned disinterest, he should go out and start the car or something else, somewhere that isn’t here. Marnie leans in closer than he would like. He tries his best to ignore the sour taste in his mouth when she reaches across the counter to lay a hand on Cas’ arm but he’s is almost vibrating with anger.
He hates these mornings, hates the way he can’t enjoy the love and warmth his family provides for him, hates the way his skin feels too tight on his bones, hates the way Jack knows something’s wrong but doesn’t understand what so he pads his socked feet over from the kitchen, plate of breakfast (usually pancakes) in one hand, a glass of juice in the other, trying desperately not to spill any. He’ll place them on the coffee table littered with magazines, novels, and colouring books. The hard evidence of their domestic lives measured out in dog-eared pages and crayons and he’ll pat Cas on the head so softly like Cas is something precious.
“Okay,” he bites at his bottom lip and the taste of iron fills his mouth. He re-adjusts the bag in his hands, holding his one change of clothes, some money, and a blanket. He left his sleeping bag in the trunk of the car when he first gathered his things, but now all things considered, he wishes he didn’t.
Dean can’t feel his fingers, his chest is hot and bubbling with too many feelings at once; so the one he settles on is anger; it's familiar, like an old blanket.
He doesn’t need to share a room with Dean, he doesn’t even need Dean to be here, he’s doing fine on his own. Mostly. That doesn’t mean he doesn’t want Dean here, but that’s something else entirely.
He awkwardly shuffles his way over, people are noticing him, looking at him. He’d forgone the suit for his more favoured faded jeans, a t-shirt and a flannel, but he’s starting to regret it. The suit is too small and he spent the entire day pulling at it, trying to make it fit. He doesn’t remember when it started to feel like it didn’t fit anymore. He should’ve worn it tonight though, he’d stick out in a place like this, but wearing his own clothes, things that are his, that fit him, and having people look at him, see him. He finds himself pulling at his sleeves, the chest of his shirt as if they didn’t fit either.
Cas waits a minute like he's thinking, but Dean can't help but think he's just savouring the way his hair feels between his fingers before he tells him to fuck off forever.
When Dean pulls his head back and looks Cas in the eye, they’re hardened with purpose, “We agreed there’d be no shit-talking ourselves in our bed, don’t be the one to break that rule sweetheart.”
He drops his hands to Cas’ own which are curled up into fists, resting on his thighs, the knuckles have gone white. Dean feels them tighten reflexively, then relax altogether.
There are rare occasions where Cas is the one to wake first. Cas has lived a life and that, more often than not, results in the body,
When Cas pulls back he doesn’t go far, he pulls Dean up to sit beside him on the couch. One hand in his lap the other comes up towards Deans’ face, it hovers in the space above the yellow bruise of his eye. Dean doesn’t know who moves but then Cas’ hand is on his face, his thumb gently pressing around the discoloured skin. He expects to feel the electric zap of Cas’ grace thrum through his bloodstream, but all he feels are the tough callouses of his fingers pressing softly against the bruise. Dean wants to pull back, all of a sudden it’s too much, too soft for his skin, too warm. He doesn’t.
He woke up from a missed call from Marnie, he was expecting another dropped body, but all she left in the message was an address.
He signals over the bartender, a younger man with black hair and a scar across his forehead, and orders a pint of whatever’s on tap. He looks at Dean like he doesn’t even see him, like he’s looking right through him. Dean recognizes the tired glazed-over looks, the clothes that have clearly been slept in. Dean can tell he doesn’t want to be here as much as he can probably tell the same about Dean. He’s looking right through him and Dean actually feels almost seen for the first time in months.
He’s prayed to him more times than anyone has in the history of the world, each time is him reaching out, looking for a connection, looking for guidance, for help, for him. Dean will never be able to see him as he truly is, not born one of the special few who can see Angelic true forms, and when he ascends to heaven after his death, Cas will either having been stuck human will be destined to his own heavenly prison cell, or if he’s received his grace back, will be slung out into the Empty (because he can’t honestly picture a future where he makes it out alive). Dean praying is the closest Cas can get to him in his true form, to hear his voice, to feel it, to see him praying as if he was sitting right next to him.
She looks up, her dark eyes, almost black in the low lighting are rimmed with tears. The glass in his hand shatters under the pressure of his grip. Beer splashes out, soaking his shirt and the table in front of him splashes Lila’s cheeks and hair. She sputters and makes quick work of wiping the offending liquid from her face.
They sit there in uncomfortable silence. Lila stares at the pools of beer on the table, the glass in her drink. “I’m Lila, I’d shake your hand but, not sure I’d get it back.” She tries to smile but it quivers and falls back into a steady frown almost instantly.
“Dean? I thought your name was Neil?” Marnie asks as she tucks her notepad into the front of her apron.
as he watches Cas as if on mute, speak to Marnie with a soft, caring smile adorned across his face. He can feel it trying to overwhelm him, trying to push past his defences and take over his body like possession. He wants to let it… but he can’t.
“What are you, I guess we, doing in Iowa, Dean?” He asks as he collects Dean’s menu from his hands and gives them to Marnie. He picks up the cup of orange juice and takes a small sip, wrinkling his nose up at it. “There’s pulp.” He slides the cup across the table.
He resists the urge to poke at the bruise and gives her a charming smile that pulls at his skin in all the wrong ways, “Just looking for the Sheriff.” He pulls out his badge for her to see, “Agent Perry, FBI.”
Marnie refills his coffee cup and he watches this time because he knows it won’t bother him. Cas is sitting right across from him, his boots knocking against Dean’s every so often. There’s nothing left to bother him— except, he watches the coffee pour out of the pot like the outstretching arm of the Empty and he feels his throat dry up, and he feels his heart pick up its pace beneath his ribcage. He feels the same as he did yesterday; like he’s close to dying.
Cas is going to leave again, he’s going to walk away from Dean now, out of this alley and Dean’s never going to see him again. “So,” he coughs, “Jack’s here? What you guys takin’ a break from heavenly duty or whatever?”
“No Dean, no, not at all. Your prayers are very dear to me, even now I think of them when I’m feeling alone. It-it’s getting harder now, to hang onto them but they’re still with me, for now at least.”
She doesn’t look up, busy drying up the wet mess the towels left behind. “He’s out. Should be back soon maybe,
Dean blinks and sees Cas looking at him again with his head tilted, “Are you getting anything to drink?”
He looks at Cas standing there waiting for him and a bubble of that anger floats up. He has no idea, he thinks, no idea what Dean went through and now he’s just
“You were gone for some time…” Sam muses in front of him, looking between the two of them. His eyes settle on a mark just visible above Cas’ neckline and wrinkles his nose. “Gross, guys.”
Their eyes meet as Cas sticks his tongue out wetting his lips, taking their blood into his mouth. White noise fills his ears, he can’t hear his jack-rabbiting heart against his ribs, nor Cas’ breath, he can’t hear the music filtering down the alley from the main street of the festival, or the children screaming in joy as they chase each other around the tables. All there is, is him and Cas in this alley, and their blood, mixed together on their skin, and all he wants, more than anything, is for Cas to push him up against the wall and fully break his nose this time—not just a fucking nose bleed, full-on bone breaking as Cas shoves his tongue down his throat.
“What the hell happened?” Dean asks as he grabs his hand for inspection, a small speck of blood seeps through the plastic. “You were gone for barely a minute.”
If he says that then he’s bringing up what Cas said before he died, and although it sticks to the front of his brain like an adhesive, he can’t verbalize it, he can’t bring it back up.
She bites her inner cheek, tapping on the table as she thinks. “Not that I can think of…” She furrows her brow.
She's chewing on her cheek, he can hear the skin tearing from here. "You’re here about Harry aren’t you.”
He hears a disappointed sigh from above him but when he looks back her and the menu he was just holding are gone. He goes to collect a few of the sugar packets that line the small box behind the salt shaker. He dumps the contents of his cup without thinking. There’s a crash somewhere behind him, he thinks there’s hooting, some clapping. He looks down, the small paper packages have been ripped into tiny shreds. His thumb is bleeding.
Time restarts when he falls to his knees in front of him, his hands coming up to frame the face he thought would only ever grace the insides of his eyelids since that day in the dungeon.
He shuts the office door on the way out and lets out a sigh, readjusting his shoulders. He can’t slash his tires now, but maybe on the way out of town after the job's done. Cases are always so much harder when the local fuzz is uncooperative.
He doesn't know how yet, but he wants to be brave; he thinks this is the way how. “That’s not what I’m asking. Why did you come to the Gas ‘N’ Sip, why did you come find me?”
Dean’s entire body stills once more, it's almost as if his body is so familiar with death it remembers the stillness of it. But no matter how many times he hears this question refelcted off the back of his mind, there's no part of him that doesn't know the answer to it; like she said earlier, this is something old, something buried. But it's worthless, it's broken, it doesn't deserve to see the light of day, it'd crack and break and bleed— it'd be no good if he said it out loud. There's no point in saying anything, no matter what Lila mourns to him over broken glass and warm beer.
“Am I… Am I alright? Are you fucking kidding me Cas?” He tries to shake Cas’ arms loose and there’s a slight give, his fingers slip slightly, but he doesn’t let Dean go. “Let me go, you son of a bitch.”
“—got so hammered he couldn’t see straight and ended up in the woods, some wolf’s dinner?” Dean nods. “No question about it.”
Cas freezes and looks over at him, his face is schooled but Dean can see the guilt in his eyes. “It’s a middle name, only people real close to me use it.” He winks at her and his stomach rolls.
She pulls a cup, filled with coffee to the brim, up to her lips, the dark liquid sloshes over the edge of the cup. She takes her seat at the desk and thumbs through the file. He watches the stagnant liquid of the cup with a tired curiosity, one that's built up over the past hour, one that finds birth in the way his suit sticks to his skin-- he's tired.
He pulls his other leg up onto the bed, seated facing Dean. The heart in his chest, his heart, has picked up in pace, he an feel it thumping against his ribcage. Maybe Dean can hear it too.“Why not?”
There's a shuffle beside him and the waitress from the front counter settles in above him. “The name’s Marnie,” He looks over, shoving his right hand under his thigh. The woman from behind the counter— Marnie, is smiling down at him. Her braided hair is pulled back into a ponytail. Her loose white t-shirt dips low on her chest and is tucked into a pair of dark jeans. She’s gorgeous, her dark eyes bright under the lights.
Dean looks over at Cas at the same time Cas looks over at him, and they share a soft smile, but Cas keeps quiet, deferring to Dean. “I mean yeah, Sammy.”
“Cas, what the hell? You shouldn’t—.” He shouldn’t. He can’t do that to Cas, he can’t relive his parents' marriage, quietly and sometimes loudly, hurting each other, making each other miserable, locked in a marriage that feels less like a blessing and more like a prison. He’s seen what that’s done to people, and he might deserve something like that, but Cas certainly doesn’t. He doesn't want to have this conversation at all, just wants to pull Cas back into the alley, make him feel good so they'll never have to talk again.
town asking a bunch of bizzaro questions..." He leans back in his chair with a sigh of his own, "Listen. I'll entertain this as long as you're here but I'd appreciate it if you didn't go spreading panic all over town about an imaginary killer," And yeah, maybe that's fair but he needs to find the werewolf, he can't really do that without channelling Mulder.
Dean sighs, "Sherriff, I'm not trying to step on any toes here, I go where they send me, so I'd appreciate a bit of leniency if you don't mind." He just needs to get through this, it's just a hurdle, he can do it, one small,
Cas pulls both his legs up onto the bench and rests his head on his knees, looking over at Dean with such an overwhelming amount of love, Dean kind of just wants to drag him back to the alleyway, this is becoming a problem.  “He wasn’t alone, we met up with some families Jack knows from school, but I couldn’t just leave him with them without notice and I thought Sam might want to see him.”
“Okay, I thought I understood, but I’m beginning to think I don’t... You don’t want me to leave?” He knows this question is a bit of a stretch, he’s pushing it, but he’s exhausted and if he’s going to be leaving he needs to go now before it gets too dark and too cold.
Dean watches Cas scoop the whipped cream from the milkshake up with his finger and lick it clean. He coughs, drawing Cas’ attention to him with his finger still sitting in his mouth. Dean looks anywhere else, feeling the heat rising in his cheeks.
His hand is heavy over Dean’s, his thumb rubs softly over the bone of his knuckles. “I have to go back out to the festival for a second, I’ll only be a second. I’m not leaving, I'll be right back. I’m not leaving, please just stay here.” And then the weight of his gaze and the heat of his fingers on his own is gone. Left alone, not for the first time, with his back up against a concrete wall, his head in his hands, trying his best to control his breathing.
One of Dean’s hands comes up from where they’ve been digging into the blanket to wrap around Cas’ arm, the other one digs in further to the mattress. His own hand drops from Dean’s face and reaches for that hand, he can feel the tightness of his grip, the fingers surely turning white with the force. They come apart pliantly when Cas blindly wraps his fingers around him, silently asking, begging for more touch, more connection. Cas’ body is all a-light, every nerve and cell in his being lit up, sensitive and shaking with the need to touch, to hold, to keep. He’s already thinking about how to keep this feeling within him, He feels the touch of the divine through Dean’s lips,
He turns right and follows Sheriff Hammond down the corridor trying to keep his grumbling to a minimum. He takes a quick look behind him before the door swings shut, Riley’s shoulders drop and flicks her hat off, pulling out her phone as soon as their backs are turned. He smiles.
Baby's front seat is something welcome. He sinks into the vinyl like memory foam, the seat molding to the familiar form of his body. His vision beings to clear, but not much else happens— his heart still overpowers even the loudest of noises that fill the February streets, his fingers still shake against the wheel. He's driven worse before, it doesn't even matter. The lights of the dashboard flicker on, a quick, searing pain against his eyes.
He really can’t be bothered to wake any earlier than 10am and can’t face the day without buckets of coffee, but it’s the concept of the morning which Cas favours, that makes his chest loose and warm.
He’ll shoulder the weight of it all, he’ll carry it with him, it lives here now, it has nowhere else to go. He has no one to give it to, no hand to place it delicately into and say
“Okay...” He’s selfish, he’s always been selfish. He wants to stay, he wants Dean to want him to stay. He wants to look at Dean and feel the heat of the sun and see the glint of millions of stars in his eyes, he wants to hear the spheres rotating on their axis as Dean breathes, intune with the universe, with Cas. He finds himself here, in Dean. His grace is gone and his exhaustion is heavy on the bones he’s appropriated but Dean looks at him and he sees it all, everything he once was, and it’s beautiful.
“It was such a shame when we heard what had happened.” She whispers, leaning over her arms folded on the table. "He was in here just the other day and now." He watches her swallow down the emotion that creeps up on her, the shaking of her voice, her eyes shining with tears. "Can't believe he's not in here annoying the hell out of me, you know?" She chuckles.
He blinks, realizing that for however long he’s been looking at the menu, he hasn’t internalized a single word he's read. He takes a sip of water, the ice clinking against the glass, the chill does its best to quiet the jack-rabbiting of his heart. He turns back to Marnie.
Cas stops them in their tracts, he can see Sam still on the bench, picking at a piece of pie on his plate. He settles Dean with a look, a look that would wither lesser men, then it softens into something that makes Dean squirm under the weight of. “Maybe. So what?”
“As you know my grace had been failing me while I was on Earth and while I was in the Empty it remained that way. It created… problems…” His voice trails off, he shifts uncomfortably on the couch beside him. It’s something he’s never seen him do before, it’s so…
Dean pulls back like he's been burnt, jumping off the bed before Cas can even register that he's moved. He watches as Dean runs a shaking hand through his hair, he's agitated him somehow. “Fuck, don’t. Don’t thank me. Please.”
plays, out of place in a bar like this. He briefly makes eye contact with Marnie who waves him over to where she’s sat at the bar, conversing with the brunette woman she came in with.
Dean has more where that came from, really nasty and dark angry hidden deep in the cracks and crevices of his body and if he’s not careful, he could let it all out and Cas would do more that leave— he’d probably never see him again.
He takes it back and takes the money he threw and folds it up. At the front counter, he pays for his meal and leaves Marnie her tip. She doesn't look at him at all. He's dumping his change into his pocket and turning for the front door when she speaks up.
He doesn’t know how late it is until he hears Jack’s bedroom door closing down the hall and then, after several minutes or an hour, he can’t be sure, he feels the mattress dip under Dean’s weight.
But he can do something now, he can be brave. He can tell Cas he’s loved because he is, no matter how hard it is to let the words out of his throat, no matter how heavy they make his tongue. Fuck what he thinks, Cas deserves something good.
Cas fidgets with the menu in front of him, Dean watches him. He reads the menu slowly and carefully, his brows furrow occasionally, probably when he doesn’t understand an item listed. He doesn’t ask for clarification though, just moves on and keeps reading. His fingers tap on the back of the plastic menu, not to any beat Dean recognizes, just something to keep his hands busy. It’s so human Dean’s chest aches.
He breaks the silence, blinking away from Dean’s gaze only for a second before being drawn back in like a magnet. “Today, at the Gas ‘n’ Sip, when you first showed up, ordering your jerky and menthols, you were making fun of me weren’t you.”
over the rising volume of the crowds of people. Dean's legs feel like jelly as Lila walks them over to where Joey is already pouring them a couple of beers.
He leans forward clicks the lamp back off, and places a small kiss on Dean’s cheek, “Let’s get some sleep now, okay? You have a long drive back in the morning.” He burrows his head back into Dean's chest and waits for his breathing to level out, for him to sleep, before letting the tears that found their way out, fall. He hears Anna's voice at the back of his mind,
Today is a day like this, where his skin feels too thin and his bones too heavy. Where every noise is too loud but the silence is even worse. He spends the day in bed, wrapped up in the several blankets Dean keeps in the cabinet at the end of the bed, the TV stuck on a channel he doesn’t know, but the sounds are nice and they change every 30 minutes so he doesn’t mind.
He’s not even sure he’s doing it right Dean is just as still as Cas is, he’s about to pull back, to apologize, to leave, to never bother him again but then Dean shifts, the lamp beside them clicks on, and Dean catches Cas’ lips fully and his chest erupts into a supernova of feeling. That connection, the warmth and holiness that he had felt when Dean prayed to him almost pales in comparison to this press of lips. He’s missed the longing, the feeling of being wanted, of being needed, and this, this is everything.
“Dean, are you coming?” He asks, patiently, but Dean can hear the subtle anxiety carefully filtered out.
The diner is busier than the parking lot would suggest it would be, most of the booths and bar seats already occupied. He swallows, confused by the lump in his throat. “Anywhere you like handsome, be with you in just a minute.” Her voice is clear through the loud chatter of the diners and the kitchen bustle, the compliment bristles his skin and sits uncomfortably against it, he sends her a smile and hopes it doesn’t come out as strained as it feels. The fluorescents make his head pound. He needs coffee.
Cas might have said what he said but that doesn’t mean he knows what he’s getting himself into. Dean doesn’t deserve what Cas has to offer, and Cas certainly doesn’t deserve Dean’s shit.
Maybe he asked so he could hear it all one last time before morning breaks and they go on their separate ways. Or, maybe he asked just hoping Dean might have another answer tucked beneath that tongue of his.
He clears his throat, “No, not a question. I’m just looking to get some information of Harry’s day-to-day, his habits, that sort of thing. Was told this would be the place to do it.”
” He says it in a way Cas knows he's supposed to understand, that he's meaning something else when it speaks but like always, it gets lost in translation.
Cas shakes his head, “One minute I was with you, at the bunker. The next I was.” He licks his lips, “I was here.”
Riley pulls her phone back up to her face, clearly done talking to him. He mumbles out a thanks as he grabs the files and quickly heads for the door, trying his best not to stumble on his way out.
They ended up in a motel, where Cas stands against the wall beside the door, taking in the room and its one, singular, solitary, bed. His stomach knots itself further as Dean just barrels through the room without tossing him a look.
“I guess I should probably explain.” Cas says, and he's looking at Dean now which is an improvement but his left hand is tucked under the short sleeve of his right. Cas shifts his weight uncomfortably. Dean’s heart picks up, and it’s then he realizes Cas cleaned them up manually, without his grace.
A sob makes its way up his throat and he can’t do a thing about it, and for the second time that night, he breaks down. “God, I was so fucking awful to Jack and to you, I don't deserve any of this but I love you Cas, I’m sorry I’m so fucked up I’m sorry I’m so broken I can’t be the man you fell in love with-,”
The bag bounces slightly then topples over onto one of the pillows. He watches his clothes pour out and onto the bed. He doesn’t say anything, Dean’s actions speaking plenty for the both of them. He’s staying. He lets out a breath he didn’t know he was holding.
Dean nods, “Listen, uh” he scratches his chin, “have there been any other cases about bodies missing hearts? Humans, maybe any farm animals?”
After being thrown into the unfamiliar territory of humanity, it’s somewhat comforting to know that after everything-- this, whatever he has for Dean, whatever these feelings accumulate into— remain the same.
The mornings he wakes to the incandescent bounce of mattress and tiny fingers poking their way across his face and pulling apart his eyelids are some of his favourites. It means Dean has slept in. (which also means he’ll have to hear Dean complaining all morning about how he messed up his routine, or how much he could’ve gotten done around the house if he just woke up on time. But, Cas will find he doesn’t mind when he sips on his coffee, his feet tucked under himself in the big red chair he had hauled back from the thrift store all by himself much to Dean’s chagrin.)
“Yeah okay, I’ll just wait here then.” Cas calls out after him and Dean smiles, like really smiles for the first time in a very long time, and turns back around. Cas smiles back, for real this time as well, almost like he was waiting for Dean to smile first.
Cas sighs and drops his hands to Dean’s, and waits until Dean gives him some sort of confirmation— a small nod— “I love you, Dean. I know you, as I’ve said before, I know how you see yourself, I know that you at some point will get caught up in your head and in your preconceived notion of masculinity and sexuality, or your own self-worth. I know you can be an asshole and grumpy and annoying, and I know you might withdraw from me if you decide you want to be with me— I love you anyway.”
voice and attempt to soothe or reprimand, whatever he was trying to go for as they made their way across town.
“D-Neil, Perry,” he offers, “I don’t usually start off conversations that way by the way, I’m usually a lot more charming, little less bloody.” Lila squints at him, tilting her head. He looks away, down at the table, presses his fingers through the beer that now drips off the side of the table. Neither of them gets up to get a cloth.
He startles and looks up like he's been caught doing something he wasn't supposed to, though he can't see why that is. "Sorry, I just... my bag. I need to change."
These mornings he’ll bring Dean back inside and he’ll coax him into the bathroom and they’ll stand under the hot spray of the shower until they’re both awake, until Dean feels Cas’ touch on his skin, until Cas’ soft whispers into his neck meet his ears and Dean finally touches him back.
Dean sits there, unspeaking, but pulls Cas into his chest and they sit and watch the water, Dean’s head resting on his, Cas’ fingers wrapped in the coffee mug, not drinking, just holding it for warmth. They sit together until Dean decides Cas is too cold to continue and pulls him up and into the house. He never says anything, knows how the Empty used Dean’s voice against him at the worst of times, just kisses his shoulder after wrapping him up in a blanket in the living room and depositing him on the couch closest to the fireplace.
He readjusts his shoulders and picks the menu back up, his fingers shaking. “Yeah,” he shakes his head, eyes shut and with a small smile of disbelief. He looks up at her,
. He swallows, hard, trying to keep the absolute nothing in his stomach from lurching up his throat.
Her eyes widen and she straightens up against the back of the booth, "I-I'm not anything, I just, I'm a bartender for a living—I can just see shit about people they're trying to hide, like Harry; it's why we got along... but... I don’t mean to pry I’m sorry it’s just. everything that’s happened that’s continuing to happen. It’s too much.”
Dean’s mouth drops open, no doubt sporting a look of utter confusion on his face. “You.. Wanna st- help?” He tries to school his face, not let Cas see his confusion but with the look Cas gives him, he must’ve failed.
Cas' chest aches, he wishes he knew how to voice whatever it is that he feels when he's with him, if only to sooth him. He wishes, more than anything, that Dean could know how much he means to him without Cas having to say anything at all, it'd be too much he thinks, it
“At a memorial? Isn’t that a little distasteful?” She doesn’t look offended, just questioning. Dean coughs, she’s not wrong, he shouldn’t be here.
Lila squints her eyes at him, a look that makes his palms sweat, makes his chest tighten. This was a bad idea. “You look like you’ve seen a few things now that I look at you, your eyes.” she reaches over across the table, holding onto his injured hand. It takes everything in him to not flinch away. “There’s something old, something forgotten buried deep inside you."
“He didn’t come in here all that often, but when he did it was with that wife of his.” Her faces shifts from fond to sour in the blink of an eye. She picks at the peeling plastic of the table. “He was gone too soon. Such a sweet man.”
Cas puts down his fork and knife. “I can handle an interview if you have other things you need to be doing.”
He nods towards the shower behind Cas, “Shower.” He hasn’t really had time to think about himself this morning, but the stink of alcohol permeates around him, Cas hasn’t said anything but he wouldn’t. He needs to wash off last night, the last three months actually. His eyes find the hole above the bed frame, his knuckles twinge at the memory of skin meeting drywall. He swallows against the lump in his throat.
His first morning like this he had lashed out when Dean reached out for him, so convinced he was an illusion, that the floors and walls around him were fabrications like the hundreds and thousands of fabrications he’s been victim to however long he was dead.
Dean’s chest heaves with an inhale, his grip tightens then he releases his hand. “Yeah man, if you--, yeah, I do.”
Their kisses never turn heated, Dean slides his hands up Cas’ back underneath his borrowed shirt but never pulls it off. Cas’ own hands find their way up to Dean’s shirt as well, resting on the small of his back. Dean places kisses all along his neck, across his face. Cas keeps his eyes closed, attempting to burn his touch into his memory with force alone and too scared to see how Dean looks as he touches his skin. Dean draws small sounds from Cas’ throat with each press of lips, sounds he never knew he could make. He wants to stay like this forever, lock the front door and keep them hidden from the world, existing only here for themselves. But he can’t, because in the morning Dean will leave and he will be left alone, only the memory of this left and one day that too will fade, his mind not what it once was.
He jolts his head away in a panic, eyes shut, dropping the menu in front of him, his left hand comes up slowly like a shield, his middle finger rubs at his forehead.
“There are things... Things I can’t tell you, it’s not because I don’t trust you, I trust you, with everything, with my life—"
This is why he doesn’t deserve him, this is why he’s so god-damn awful he doesn't deserve to even share the same air as him. Dean is so closed-off, so goddamn selfish and self-loathing, Cas could never
His shoulder aches in sharp, undulating waves of pain and when he looks over, his hand is digging the nails through the jacket lining and the white dress shirt into his skin. It's a sort of phantom pain he's beginning to realize, maybe his soul is remembering the molten heat of hellfire, or the searing pain of being branded by something Holy as the last dredges of humanity clung to his soul by the edge of its teeth. Maybe he's just getting old.
If your best friend says he loves you, dies, and then returns without bringing it up did it ever really happen? Dean’s heartbeat picks up, just because Cas said he loved him doesn’t mean he won’t leave for someone else, someone who knows how to love him back. He should change the subject or turn up the radio, anything to keep the words crawling up his throat from escaping.
Marnie comes back with their plates and Dean watches as Cas takes stock of his plate, the two pieces of toast, the sausages, the eggs, sunny side up. Cas almost looks overwhelmed before Dean tosses him a couple of small packages of peanut butter from behind the salt and pepper shakers.
Their chests are heaving with stolen breath and Dean hasn’t said anything since Cas kissed him. He doesn’t know what to do now, he doesn’t really understand human relationships other than what Dean has told him, and maybe this is just a moment in time for Dean, maybe he’s letting Cas have this because he can’t give him anything else and he’s okay with that, all he’s ever wanted is Dean. They can go back to the way it was, the distance, and the careful, calculated touches and the uncomplicated friendship if it means they can just
He feels his frustration bubbling up in his chest, up to his throat. “I wish it wasn’t like this, I wish I wasn’t--”,
(It’s hard to do. His arms don’t feel like his arms and his legs don’t feel like his legs each limb a phantom weight somewhere deep inside him. He can’t hear his heart beating or feel his chest moving as he breathes. It’s cold down here, on the floor of the dungeon, and it’s making his blood turn, it’s making it hard to remember: is he alive?)
“What does that mean?” His voice hardens, he doesn’t mean for it to. He doesn’t want to get angry, doesn’t want to
“Are you sure, I can just--” He doesn’t really know what the other options are, he could sleep in the clothes that Dean won't let him near for whatever reason, which is what he was aiming for, but Dean would obviously dislikes that, he wants him to be human, to act human, and although Dean mostly sleeps in his clothes, Cas shouldn’t, for whatever means.
Lila ushers him into the booth, and skitters away only to return quickly with a wet cloth and a small white first-aid kit. He doesn’t let her open the kit, just takes the cloth and holds it tightly against his skin, the bleeding will stop eventually, he just needs to apply pressure.
“Whatever you think is good here, ” he responds, he smiles again and it feels tight on his cheeks like it always does. He wonders if that will ever go away. Dean taps his fingers against the plastic-lined table. It’s peeling in a few places just like the bench. He scratches at his thumb with his index finger, the nail getting caught between the soft layer of freshly healed skin and the peeling outer layer.
“You’re ashamed of me...I know, I apologize Dean, I’m nothing like I was when you first met me, I am no longer useful to you or your brother, I can’t help in the ways that you need me to, but I’ve found usefulness with Nora and the work that I do, there’s order, and there’s stability, and there are always things to do and I’m helping people, I am, maybe not the way that you’re used to or familiar with, but I am.”
Dean face changes into something less severe, something softer, something pleading. “Is that what...You think.. Cas, man, come on.”
“We don’t have to eat here if you don’t want to bud,” he starts, speaking lowly as they wait to be seated.
He grasps Cas by the sides of the head, his fingers a bruising grip, and presses his mouth to his. He doesn't feel the tears stinging his eyes at the force in which their noses collide, he doesn’t feel the scrape of brick against his knuckles, just the softness of Cas’ hair between his fingers, and he doesn’t feel the trickle of blood that slips down both their faces, just the way Cas’ lips feel against his.
“That’s ah, that’s Lila. She works the bar here when she’s not busy studying up at Iowa State. Her and Harry well. Let’s just say they were plenty friendly, and thats when they were where we could all see ‘em.” She looks a bit guilty, a little forlorn. Her eyes still carry that tired sadness, he wonders if she sees the same in him.
There’s an ache in his gut and he realizes right at that moment, how much he misses Jack. How much he doesn’t deserve to miss him. It’s a nauseating realization, one that crushes his heart. He shakes with that familiar feeling, his whole body chilled as his blood runs cold. He punches the wheel.
He rips it away with vigour, his hand bangs against the metal handrail of the staircase, it dings loudly with the connection. He curses and doubles over in pain, his hand is vibrating as he holds it against his chest. His foot slips on a small patch of ice on the very top step and catches himself on the door handle with his sore hand and grits his teeth through the pain.
A hand runs its way through his hair—Cas must have a predilection, “Dean, you are the man I fell in love with and so much more.” He feels the weight of Cas' lips pressing against the crown of his head.
He feels Cas sigh beside him, “Dean. Sit up.” He waits, patiently, until Dean finds it in himself to sit up and face him, though not without hesitation, his eyes are so blue, so blue. Dean doesn't think he's ever seen anything so blue before. He takes Dean's hands. “Yes, I was angry at you for how you treated Jack, and yes a part of me is
He’s not a man out of time, he hasn’t been gripped— thrown, or moved, he’s been still and quiet as the rest of time moves around him. His entire being is anachronistic. He’s not supposed to be here. He’s cut a hole in the fabric of the universe and squeezed himself inside. He doesn’t exactly fit.
Cas gives him a look that withers him. He had wanted Cas to stay of course that’s what this whole thing is about, but he didn’t really consider the fact that Cas would
It’s still hard, even now, it’s not as bad as it once was but sometimes there’ll be a trick of the light, or he’ll catch something at the corner of his eye and he’ll feel the dread pour down his spine like a hot liquid. But sometimes he’ll catch a glimpse of Dean or Jack’s smiles, or hear the way their voices melt together and he’ll think how could he have ever fallen victim to the Empty’s tricks when the reality is so breathtakingly divine.
Cas then tells him in a quiet voice how he was rescued from the Empty, how Jack decided to give up Chuck’s powers, how he wanted to be a child, a real child, back on Earth. How they settled in a small cabin by a lake, where Jack plays with the other children and goes to school, and Cas volunteers at the local library. They have a life.
If left to his own devices, Cas would sleep the whole day away. Dean, on the other hand, no matter his day, schedule or what he was doing the night before, and no matter how many times he tells him that he’s going to sleep in tomorrow, wakes up bright and early.
“God dammit, Cas.” He exclaims, completely and utterly finished with everything inside him building, and building, and building.
“Cas-” He breathes, voice shaking, he’s not even sure he even speaks until Cas’ gaze falls to his lips. He blinks and seems to snap out of whatever had settled over the both of them, and steps back.
“Today,” he starts, “I uh, we gotta head to the crime scene. There’s probably nothing left of it, probably been disturbed to hell but I uh, I didn’t get a chance to before.”
Because it is, because it was never going to be light-hearted and good and because the universe has never let him have something good and keep it because he doesn’t even exist or he doesn't think he wants to (it’s getting harder to tell the difference).
Cas hides a smile in Dean’s hair, “That expression makes no sense to me.” He brings his hand up from Dean’s shoulder to run his fingers through the damp hairs on the side of his head. He feels everything melting away at the soft breath Dean lets out against his skin.
Dean tosses his duffel bag on the couch across from the bed and turns to see him, still, staring at the bed. He can’t bring himself to look anywhere else. He sucks his bottom lip into his mouth, worrying at the teared skin with his teeth.
But, if there's anything Cas is and always will be, it's stubborn. “Well, then I’m glad I’m me, and you’re you.”
angry; but I understand. I know why you did what you did, and though I don’t agree with it, I understand and I forgive you. For everything, for all of it so now I need you to forgive yourself, okay? Jack and I love you, you have a place with us, please don’t think you don’t.”
Again he finds himself in a dark room, alone, void of Cas. It’s stupid, he knows Cas is in the bathroom just a few steps away. He knows Cas doesn’t have his wings and can’t just fly off, he’s still there behind that door in front of him, he can see the shadows of him moving through the crack at the bottom of the door. But his chest still tightens. He takes the anger that has been building since Cas sat upon this couch, the anger that wants to yell, to scream, to press Cas up against the wall and hit him—really hurt him for what he did— and presses it down. He knows it’s there he can feel it welling up inside him but like all things; he can’t let it out. This is what happens when he does, Cas leaves, and though he’s just in the bathroom, that’s just the beginning.
“Agent,” She calls out again, quieter this time, “There’s a vigil, a memorial tonight over at Lefty’s for Harry. A good place to talk to Harry’s friends if that’s something you’re interested in. Something a little easier going than the funeral his wife probably has planned for this Sunday.” She holds out a small card, something written on the front of it.
“There was a case, Cas.” He places Cas’ hand back in his own lap, looking away, as he busies himself with putting the first-aid kit away.
Normally he'd groan, or at least sigh dejectedly but all he does is blink at it, and tuck it back into his pocket.
loaded but uh, he started telling me he uh,” She rubs her hands together, clearly uncomfortable sharing this, Dean doesn’t move to console her or move to sit back down at the booth, he just waits. The door chimes as it opens behind him, he watches Marnie’s eyes follow the small crowd that just entered, a group of women. Marnie’s eyes widen.
Cas’ eyes are sad when they look at him, it’s unnerving how familiar it is, how much of his memory is filled with those eyes looking at him just like this.
Dean finishes wiping up Jack, he tosses the soiled napkins in the trash can beside the bench. “So when you disappeared, you were bringing Jack over here?” Dean stands, knees popping as he does, he rubs a careful hand over the joint. On the bench, Jack squirms around trying to reach the pie Cas has taken upon himself to start eating. He watches Jack give his best puppy-dog look and Cas fold like a chump, handing over the plate— making Dean's work absolutely worthless. He tries not to grumble too hard about it.
He tried not to think about what he might say to him, how he might pull him close and tell him everything he needed to say, everything Cas needed to hear. But here, in reality where everything is real and there’s no one writing his lines or pulling his strings, where everything is irrevocably him, it’s terrifying. Cas is alive and real and he can’t…he can’t do that to him, he can’t open his mouth, he can’t stain his skin with the smoke and ash he’d have to cough up from his lungs to get the words out. That wouldn’t be fair— Cas doesn’t deserve something bad like that.
Then more seriously, “Did you not drink the water I brought up?” Dean brings his hand up to his cheek and rubs softly against his cheekbone and Cas feels like something precious all over again. It breaks his heart.
“Nora works over at the high school, English or History or something. Harry did too. They moved here for work a handful of years ago. She’s a real hard-ass when it came to Harry, even Riley’s complained about her a few times, back when she was in her class.” He chuckles, “she doesn’t get along with many of the people around here.”
He weaves his way through the cubicles and back out front where Riley sits, on her phone. She again doesn’t look up when he approaches. “Hey Riley, Sheriff said you could get a file for me?”
Shit. “Marnie can you bring just, one of everything for the drinks. You want a milkshake Cas?” Cas blinks and opens his mouth to say something but nothing comes out. “Yeah just one of everything… uh… Chocolate milkshake and none of the milks though. Thanks Marnie.” He offers her a sheepish grin, knowing he’s kinda being an asshole customer about this. “Oh and no tea, think if you brought out that container of tea flavours he’d black-out.”
“There was this— I had this. This friend. He-.” His throat closes up, fuck, fuck.. “He, he died. He’s um, he’s gone, probably for good, you know how people say death isn’t always a goodbye? Well, this time it was-is. And he, he just left m- left me, and I— fuck, I don’t know why I’m saying any of this, I haven’t… not in awhile.”
A woman across the room catches his eye and nods him over, she’s lounging in a booth away from the crowds of people populating the general middle of the room, he can’t tell anything about her other than the fact that she’s wearing cowboy boots, as she sits with her back against the wall, face slightly hidden by the shadows of the room, feet hanging out over the edge of the leather booth. As he gets closer to her and the shadows fade, she looks older than he expected, tired. Her eyes hold a certain sadness that certainly isn’t out of place at an event like this, but he can tell its more than this, it’s deeper, heavier. He wasn’t expecting to see himself so much in this nondescript town.
She laughs, it's wet with tears. “Get in line.” He smiles at that, however poorly because that’s something he gets, something he can understand, not as an FBI agent, but as a hunter, as Dean Winchester. He knows that pain of never knowing somebody, or thinking you know somebody and having it bite you in the ass later. He’s been on both sides of that, and it hurts either way.
He watches as the blood from his hand drips from his hand and swirls around the tub and down the drain. The cuts weren’t as deep as he thought, the thorns from the rose only barely dug past the surface. They sting when the water hits them but it’s nothing he can’t manage, though it hurts more than he thought it would.
“Fine, yeah. Do what you want. But, don’t go talk to Nora. I want to be there, this case is so fucking confusing I need to get a read on her, it’s usually the wife right? Don’t need her cursing you or whatever.”
Cas wishes more than anything he could feel the longing he knows Dean is carrying, he’s always carrying it, can’t remember a time when he didn’t feel it, save for now. He doesn’t understand it, but he knows it like it’s his own, the way it feels, the heaviness of it all, the way if Cas isn’t careful it could consume them both. Dean is always carrying the weight of it and yet Cas has never known what it is.
What is an hour, a week, the span of expected human life to an Angel who’s witnessed the birth of planets and humanity itself? If one asked this of Cas before pulling the Righteous Man from Hell he wouldn’t have had an answer, too unfamiliar with the peculiar and redundant way humanity measures time passing.
Dean’s eyebrows draw together in confusion, the badge does not usually get that reaction. he looks at her again and realizes just how young she actually is, he squints.
He wasn’t tired anymore, too exhilarated by Dean’s touches, by the way, he was openly looking at him without letting his gaze falter. Dean had taken his hand, his grip tight, and pulled him to the bunker’s kitchen. There they sat until Dean couldn’t keep his eyes any longer, eating whatever food Dean put in front of him; the taste of food more than just molecules but still paling in comparison to the feeling of Dean’s warmth beside him, their thighs touching beneath the kitchen table, their hands brushing. Though his grace no longer flowed through his body, he could gain nourishment just from Dean beside him alone.
Right. Motel in… Iowa. For a case. He’s here for a case. A werewolf. Maybe? The sink in the bathroom drips a rhythmic beat against the porcelain pulling him from his thoughts. He looks over at the clock again now with a bit more consciousness in his body to fully understand the numbers that are blinking back at him. He needs to get up.
The hallways wides out past a few closed doors into a large room littered with desks. Mount Ayr is a small town, he wasn’t expecting a large force but there’s a sizeable group of men and women around the office. Most of them are sitting at the desks, eyes glazed over as they stare at their computer screens. When he catches up to Hammond he’s making his way towards the back of the room toward the small kitchen.
“I’m here about the death of Harry Willams.” Even though he hears the rest of the room continuing on about their workdays, it feels as if the room has suddenly gone silent with the dark, annoyed glare of Sheriff Hammond.
That night, still exhausted from the resurrection and the weight of his body, they had shared a bed for the first time in years, and Dean, for the first but not the last time, whispered to Cas that he loved him.
Lighter than he's felt in months, in ages, he takes Dean's hand back into his own, “Thank you Dean.”
The Diner isn’t as bright as it was yesterday. Everything is almost subdued— the noises, the ambience. He doesn’t feel his chest palpitating with anxiety or his eyes stinging from the florescences. Cas is a calming presence beside him, though he almost looks as freaked out as Dean felt yesterday.
“I’ll be your server for today, what can I get started for you?” She grabs a coaster from inside her apron and drops it into the table beside his left places a large mug on the coaster and raises both her eyebrow and the steaming pot of coffee in question. He nods. The dark liquid looks almost black, it pours from the lip of the pot, almost like—
“You’re… If I was you, I’d want nothing to do with me.” He sounds so small when he says it, like he's ashamed if he says it enough times, Cas might start to believe it.
He can still feel his hand on his shoulder. “You fucking— you just had to go and open your goddamn mouth didn’t you?”
The plate is heavy in his hands, he should want to eat this, he kind of does but recently all food has tasted like ash on his tongue and sat heavy in his stomach until he eventually tossed it up after drinking. Sam sits close as he digs into his own respective plate, his elbow digs into Dean’s ribs occasionally. His hands tighten against the paper plate as Sam’s chewing grates on his eardrums.
“He was sweet, even without the drink. I liked that he wanted to talk to me and he liked that I wanted to listen. I-I think we both knew what it was like to feel like you’re losing at life.”
Dean doesn’t move from Cas’ chest, just wraps his arms around his waist and places another kiss over his heart before burrowing into Cas’ chest for the night.
“What you are? The fucking X-Files? Everything that’s important and relevant to Harry’s death is in the files.”
In the warmth and safety of their bed, tucked against the wall of their bedroom in their small two-story, blue-shingled house, Cas falls asleep to the soft rhythmic breathing of the love of his life. He hopes tomorrow morning will be brighter than today’s, though, as long as the sun keeps setting and rising, and the days’ continue to pass with Dean in his bed and Jack across the hall sleeping, he knows, even if tomorrow is just another today, everything will be okay.
When Dean comes back from dropping Jack off at kindergarten he’ll come back upstairs with his sweatpants and his worn-out band tee and a mug of coffee, he’ll put the mug on Cas’ nightstand and crawl on top of him, flattening himself out to disperse all his weight and wait for Cas to throw him off.
Dean, with hands a functional sort of shaky, runs his hands under the cold stream of water, he spalshes some across his face, around his neck. He shoves his face uner the tap and rises his mouth out, the sour taste of vomit washed clear from his tongue. He kicks the handle of the toilet with his boot, the sound of it flushing drills loudly inot his already sensitive head.
“You mean…” Dean swallows the lump of waffle that’s congealed in his throat, “you didn’t like… come back…” he can’t bring himself to even finish the sentence,
and it’s freeing, being able to see so much of himself, past the space and the stars and all of creation he feels when he looks at Dean, but knowing that at least one part of Dean, however small it is, can’t let Cas go.
Cas’ hands are gone from his neck and immediately Dean misses them, he all but chokes back a protesting sound climbing its way up to his throat. Without blinking Cas uses the same napkin, the one soaked in Dean’s blood, to wipe up his own. Dean watches as Cas mixes their blood together on a cheap picnic napkin, swallowing hard as Cas gets to his lips.
“And just coffee’s fine. Thanks.” Marnie nods. She’s more subdued than yesterday, she doesn’t follow up on the wink, doesn’t lean over the table like she did yesterday. Maybe it has something to do with how Dean treated her yesterday, or maybe it’s the way Cas is staring at her.
Cas’ eyes are so blue and he looks so beautiful in the dimly lit room, his hair is mussed and there’s a crust of sleep in the corner of his eye. His shirt is rumpled and displaced, his eyes are sad and searching, searching Dean’s eyes for something in return.
He feels the fabric of the wrap catch on the tear in the seat beside him. Shame worms its way through his body.
He needs that warmth, that connection, that togetherness so much he’s shaking with it. Wiping the tears from his cheeks he fumbles around the blankets. He reaches toward the sound of Dean’s voice, mumbling something quiet, something Cas wants to hear but the ache inside him is too deep, too hungry for anything other than this. He clasps his hands around Dean’s face, cupping his cheeks and pulls him into a kiss.
Soon he’ll get up and he’ll let his bones settle back into place but his chest will still be torn open, the fire will still be raging and the smoke will still be filling his lungs and slowly turning him into charcoal. Soon he’ll pick up his phone and he’ll head out the door without looking at the blood that’s dried on the back of the door or on the shoulder of his jacket, and he’ll get in his car and drive and he won't think.
When they finally reach Sam, he’s not alone. Beside him, on the bench, making his way through a peach pie with his tiny fingers is Jack. He's startled almost immediately as his eyes find the small child in his seat. He's so young, probably around four; he's wearing a ballet tutu over a pair of jeans. Great, he's weird. He tries his best to focus on that rather than the rising dread, panic, and anxiety beginning to settle under his skin.
“Can I come with you? Or would you rather split up?” He swirls his straw around the bottom of the glass until the only thing that comes up is air. He flinches at the noise and stops immediately.
Hey, are you alright?” Lila’s face is clouded with worry, she places her drink on the bar and reaches over to him, her hand lands on his left shoulder. The bar around him is swirling and shifting in all directions, he can’t tell which way is up or down. He feels Lila’s hands steadying him, she’s not handsy but she’s definitely getting there.
The open door behind the small office space is pushed open further, a young girl with faded green hair, dark roots showing, and thick-rimmed glasses and a deep frown comes barrelling out, a mug in one hand, a stack of paper towels in the other, saving him from the flicker of anger that blooms in his chest. It isn’t snuffed out, it just flickers, right below his ribs, deep inside him.
The front door to the station swings open, he turns his head, standing up. A gruff older man, heavyset and slightly taller than himself enters. His sheriff's badge glints under the fluorescent light. He sizes Dean up as soon as he sees him. Dean finds himself straightening up under his gaze. There’s a curse and a shuffling going on behind him. He catches Riley throwing a hat over her bright pink hair.
Cas licks his lips and Dean tries very desperately not to follow his tongue. Cas is clearly uncomfortable about something, Dean shouldn’t have kissed him, he shouldn't have let himself take something, especially from Cas, all he does is take and take and now Cas won’t even look at him. No wonder he left him.
is something quantifiable, like he hasn't been asking himself this same question for the better part of a decade. He digs his nails into the cloth he's still holding, the blood seeps through the fabric.
“I’m Neil, I uh,” He flips open his badge for her, she squints her eyes but doesn’t pull it closer, or lean over any. “FBI, I’m investigating Harry’s death, uh Marnie invited me?”
“Cas, baby, will you look at me?” Dean asks, so sweetly and so patiently. Cas wants to curl up in the timbre of his voice and fall asleep.
Dean’s whole body shut down completely. His limbs shake but he can’t move them, he can’t be even sure he’s blinking. Time stops as he takes in Cas…sitting—who was just
Oh. Because Cas doesn’t live in Kansas and Dean does, and Cas has a life that he’s built for himself over the past few months that he didn’t build with Dean in mind. So of course he’s going to leave and he’s going to go home without him, there’s a reason Dean was the one to answer Sam.
He had turned his head and came face to face with Dean, sitting beside him on a chair pulled too close to the bed his knees were pressed right into the mattress. He doesn’t remember much else, but he remembers Dean’s eyes, how they widened as he sat up against the headboard. How many times he reached out to touch him only to pull his hand back into his lap.
He sighs, annoyed. “No. Willams’ was deemed an animal attack, there’s no case here. Not unless you’re also animal control under that fancy suit.”
He’s shaking with anger by the time he secludes himself in Baby. Anger at himself for feeling this way, feeling weak. At his own tiredness and lack of energy. He’s fine. Fuck Sam for suggesting otherwise. He just— He’s angry, he’s allowed to be angry.
Dean tucks his hands into the front pockets of his jeans, swinging his weight between his heels and the balls of his feet. He looks so young sometimes, when he doesn't mean to. “Uh, yeah man. Sorry about that, it’s just Heavenly Angel serving gas station hot dogs, it’s funny I guess.”
The pounding on the door doesn't let up so he swings the door open and barrels out, shoving past the small line of men that's collected outside. Everything is dark around him, he can only see a few steps ahead of him, the creaky, sticky floorboards of the bar, the front door.
They stare at each other for what feels like a lifetime, and he realizes maybe familiarity isn’t all that bad. So what if they’ve been here before, together after Cas has beat death, just staring at each other as the other might just vanish? It’s the only way Dean knows how to do this— at a distance, with his mouth sealed shut.
“She never sets foot in here, not ever. Always makes me or Joey, the bartender over there, kick him to the curb. Basically every night for as long as he’s been living here we’ve done it.”
The words hang heavy in the air. He can’t keep doing this, he can’t keep speaking without thinking, Dean is going to get him to leave, or Dean himself is going to get up and leave which would be even worse.
“Can I help you?” Her voice drips with disdain. Her eyes widen just a bit and she lets out a small laugh, “Woah, nice shiner you got there man.”
Cas wants to argue, to fight him on this, but it’s late and he’s tired, there'll be other nights just like this where maybe he will, but not tonight. Tonight he’ll settle for trying to believe Dean’s words.
Dean hesitates but steps back, leaving Cas again, standing beside the door. He's always stepping back, leaving space when all Cas wants to do is reach out and touch.
He shrinks from her gaze, nausea settling in his stomach overpowering the will to appear as he once was.
But all he does is think about that the first time he felt something was when he broke open the skin on his hand on the glove box, and before that, on Sam's face. He doesn't like it, but he can't stop the thought once it swims to the surface, most of the time he spends his time like he's
“Fuck— I mean, you got a bathroom?” He manages to choke out. She shakily points to the back of the building, he can barely make it out through the crowd, when did all these people show up? He drops the cloth on the bartop and makes his way through the groups of people.
This time when they kiss, there’s no crushing of bones, Dean’s fingers don’t bruise the side of Cas’ head, this time there’s no blood. This time they meet halfway, Dean’s hand rests on Cas’ cheek, Cas’ hands tucked into the front of his belt, keeping him close. When he slips his tongue between Cas’ lips, he feels Cas groan reverberating from his chest. It fuels him to press in closer, to lick his way through the cavern of Cas’ mouth, wanting more than anything to draw as many sounds as possible from him. He doesn't know how long they stand there, pressed up against each other, drawing sounds from each other's chests. Long enough for Dean to forget to come up for air, long enough for Cas to make an embarrassingly loud moan that startles them both.
His vision is blurry with tears, he angrily wipes them away, he just wants to look at Cas, really look at him.
“You, with the trenchcoat— yes you,” she says as Cas turns around and then looks down at his own attire, “come here for a second.” She’s smiling the same smile she gave Dean yesterday, it makes him uneasy but now that’s not directed at him he shouldn’t feel it, but now, it’s almost worse.
Dean looks over at the bag beside him and clicks his tongue agains the back of his teeth, "No." Cas is about to protest, when he's hit with a ball of fabric. “Here” Cas leans down and picks up a shirt and a pair of pyjamas, the sort Dean wears to bed, from the floor. “You can keep those, by the way, I won’t miss ‘em.”
Cas says “Thank you, Dean” like he’s done something more than hand him some peanut butter, like he’s done something important.
. Then Dean showed up and reminded him how far he’s fallen, how much he’s failed and how terribly life-shattering and mind-numbingly in love he is with him.
He remembers how tired he was, how much his body ached, how strange it felt to be skin and bone once again. He remembers how the sheets felt against his skin, and how the lights lit up from behind his eyelids. He remembers how much he wanted it to be real, how close he was to give in, to letting the Empty win, until he heard a creaking and shuffling beside him. The Empty was convincing, but it was never able to capture the noises of everyday life, the Empty was silent, it was nothing. Each noise sounded like a guess like it wasn’t quite sure what it was doing, but the quiet breaths from beside him were anything but. They were real.
He doesn’t, not really. It’s almost like trying to remember a dream, it’s foggy and he’s not sure everything in the right places, he can’t even really picture it, it’s just a feeling mostly. A hand on his shoulder, in his hair. The cold tiles under his legs, the sounds of running water.
Dean swallows, missed is not the right word to encompass the waves of emotions Dean has felt over the past three months, but if he can help it, Cas won’t ever know.
He blinks down at the coffee, wishing it was something stronger and scrubs his free hand over his face, "Can I just— can I grab a water?"
He cringes at the stricken look on Cas’ face. “I mean, not that you couldn’t… you’ve been...Anyway, yeah just, we’ll tackle the interview together.”
He can push the blood back inside but he’d still be left with the hole in his chest, left with the blood on his hands and the streaks of red on his skin.
“Just not now.” He whispers, it catches on the small lump forming in his throat. He wishes the lights were still off, that the darkness still hung overhead, he doesn’t want Dean to see how hard being away from is for him.
There’s a heat there, one that’s so achingly familiar, and yet, there’s something so new and tangible about it all—now that they both seem to understand what it is between them, or so he hopes. There’s something so powerful about being able to name it, being able to say it to himself, even if it's just in his head.
The napkins are soaked in sweat and crumpled by the sheer force of Dean’s grip by the time he gets back to the bench. Sam is gone, bathroom or video-calling Eileen most likely, he does that now, just leaves Dean alone while he talks with his girlfriend. Not that he cares, he’s not a child, he’s 40-fucking-years old, he can be by himself. But, preferably not at a festival in the glaring heat that he was dragged to against his will—even if it is a Pie Festival.
“Hi Agent, uh, Perry was it? Nice to meet you. Marnie said you were handsome but I never believe anything she says.” She winks, more for Marnie he suspects than for him. He suddenly needs to be literally anywhere else than here. He pulls out a couple of bucks, tosses them down beside his glass and scans the room for something, anything to pull him away from Marnie and Tyler who haven’t stopped looking at each other since he’s stopped responding.
“No, really it's fine Dean, I’ll take it. I’m sure you’ve become accustomed to a mattress with the bunker now as your home and though this motel certainly doesn’t have the memory foam you boasted about, I’m sure it’s a lot closer than that couch.”
He’s only been in Mount Ayr for a day and already everyone he’s met with has had such a connection with Harry. He had almost forgotten what it’s like to bare witness to this sort of love and comradery, he certainly hasn’t felt it himself in some time.
“Hey, hey. Dean, it’s alright. You didn’t hurt me.” He says, voice solid and sure. Dean tries his hardest to swallow over the lump in his throat.
Dean’s lost in it, the way everything seems to lock into place with the press of their lips, in the way Cas’ hands feel as they come up to Dean's shoulders pulling him closer. He doesn't push back or push Dean away, he doesn’t try to tamp down the aggression in Dean’s movements, in fact, he meets him halfway, tongue slipping between Dean’s teeth, his own nipping at Dean’s bottom lip.
“He was seeing someone new around that time, he never told me her name which was strange, when he drank he couldn’t keep his secrets to himself, I guess keeping everything inside all the time, it's all gotta come out sometime.”
Jack gets off the bench and makes his way over to Cas who immediately and instinctively unfurls from his position on the bench, and pulls Jack into his lap. Cas is so good with him, even now. It's a good look on him, being a dad— a good dad. Dean needs to find some shade or something before he bursts into flames.
He pinches the inside of his thigh and feels the sting of his nails digging through the fabric of his jeans into his skin. He never felt the knife slipping through his ribcage in that one Djinn dream, and he doesn't think Heaven would let one feel pain either—so it has to be real, it must be.
“Is this— are you real?” Is what he finds himself saying. There’s always that chance, he can’t count the time he’s dreamt and then woken only to find himself alone in his room. He runs his hands down Cas’ cheeks, his neck, down his shoulder, he tears his eyes from Cas’ to watch as he feels the solid muscle of his body flex against his touches, he’s never been this close without one of them beaten and bloody.
“Course man, yeah I get it. I don’t remember much about being dead either.” They both know he’s lying here, both know exactly what he remembers, but he’s not really. He remembers Hell, all of it, it’s muted now, faded as the years have passed but he knows if he scratches at the scabs that have grown over the memories, they’d be just
“Who’s your friend?” He leans over the bar on his elbow to get a better look at her, she smiles at him politely, nothing more. Dean is silently grateful for that, not sure how long he can keep whatever he’s actually doing, up. The bar is sticky under his fingers, he needs to order a drink.
He knows he needs to eat, he remembers what it feels like to be hungry but his stomach doesn’t rumble with it anymore, he gets headaches and his eyes go black when he stands up too fast. He feels the consequences of it but never the hunger itself.
This happens more often than not and it’s not something he tends to worry himself about. But the mornings where Cas wakes and the bed is cold like Dean never slept in the first place makes his chest ache.
He clears his throat, something is lodged in there it hurts. “But uh- nothing happened, nothing fucking happened. And so I tried again and again I just... Nothing."
He hadn't said much on the ride over from Nora’s other than a few aborted rants about personal safety and the importance of cell phones, neither of which made its way to their finish as Cas, both times, levelled him with a look that he hoped, in someway, was reminiscent of his previously powerful state.
Dean never says what he means, never says what he wants or says what he needs to. He’s denied himself for so long he doesn’t think Dean even knows what he wants, even if he was faced with it. Dean doesn’t let himself be vulnerable if he can help it, there’s always something coming, something after them or something they’re after, there’s no time for it. The only time, the only time ever that Cas ever hears anything remotely close to a truth is when Dean prays.
His chest crumbles and he feels the weight of Dean’s desire like a proverbial knife to the gut, cutting through his blood, tissue and muscle, cutting past his humanity, his weakness to where his grace has been extracted and a soul has taken root. He recognizes this, this need, this desire to
He doesn’t remember a lot from last night, there were drinks, and there was blood… he remembers how fucking
These mornings he lets Dean find him, head knocked back against the bark of the tree, overlooking the small lake behind their house, their home. The lake where Dean takes Jack fishing, where Cas ties up his little boat and sits and reads for hours, where Jack will crawl in and sleep on his chest; Cas, one hand on his book, the other rubbing circles against his small back.
The dark liquid sways as he tries to steady himself against the bar. Lila's question doesn't stop bouncing around his skull. It's familiar he's asked himself before but not recently. He's kept a tight lid on it ever since he watched... ever since he. He drops his beer onto the countertop, missing the coaster and wraps his fingers tightly around the edge of the bar as a wave of nauseau washes over him.
It’s all par for the course is it not? Dean stands alone in the room, unsure of where he fits or how to continue on, the world continues on because of it.
- but, I think we could have a good life Dean. It’s what I want, it’s all I’ve wanted. How about you?”
“Oh. Yeah, she was very confident well, up until she made me bleed.” He sounds disinterested, bored and Dean supposes that makes sense, he knows Cas isn’t- doesn’t-….
He barely has time to graze over the menu before Marnie returns. Everything he sees makes his stomach turn almost as much, if not more than Marnie's smile has. He guesses he's the sort'a hungry where you get real sick of the thought of eating if you've gone a long time without. He's more than familiar with that feeling.
He hears Dean take a breath, it's shaky, wet. What he wouldn't give to turn the light on, but he knows Dean needs it off, they both do. "And I need that." He says, more quiet, and if Cas closes his eyes, it's like he's hearing his voice through his grace like before, "I think I need you. Like need you, need you. I’ve never... needed anyone before and it terrifies me,
“Howdy stranger, mind telling me what you’re doing in my bar?” Her voice is deep and gravely as she smokes but he can tell by her teeth that she doesn’t, her hair is brown and straight and falls just past her shoulders, scars litter the forearms folded across her chest. He has a feeling she could kick his ass and there’s a familiarity in it that has him physically hold himself back from calling her, Ellen.
Cas’ arms are still for a moment, he feels how tense Cas’ body is around him, how tight he’s wound but once again his arms find themselves holding Dean against him. He’s so sturdy and warm and he can hear his heart beating beneath his cheek from Cas’ neck and all it does it make the few tears he lets slip fall faster. Cas’ arms tighten like a vice around him, and if Dean’s arms weren’t just as tight he might have said something.
Dean bites the inside of his bottom lip, and sighs, "Yeah, is it that obvious?" He's still shaking from earlier, his fingers sting where he's shoved them under his thigh. He's getting blood on the only nice pair of clothing he owns.
Dean follows them alongside Marnie, four middle-aged women, and one younger, huddle together, talking vibrantly over the soft chatter of the diner. They settle in a booth across the room. He watches them for another second, his eyes catching on the younger woman in the group, he's never seen hair that black before.
He’s right up against the bathroom door without realizing it, his forehead against the wood. He doesn’t knock or turn the knob, just rests there. He can hear Cas breathing.
Hand in hand him Cas walk with Jack holding onto Cas' free hand, over to where he parked his truck, oddly similar to the teal truck parked back in the Bunker under the sinking sun, the dust of the gravel parking lot being kicked up under their boots. Cas and Jack’s feet are going to be dirty from the holes in their shoes. He's been trying to keep a lid on it, the whole Jack situation, he can really only handle so much in such a short time. The kid he knew, the kid who was basically a man, a kid he told to his face that he was evil and that he was going to kill, that he tried to kill, is four years old and is skipping alongside them in the dirt, holding Cas' hand like nothing even happened.
Dean nods and claps his hands together, trying to shake the cold empty feeling from his chest and the cobwebs from his brain. He can do this, he can make everything okay, he’s going to be fine now, Cas is here and he’s going to make him stay.
He throws the bedspread out of his way and all but throws himself across the small room, ignoring the pain erupting across his back. It doesn’t matter, he doesn’t feel it. Not when Cas is sitting there waiting for him.
He thinks about a ring of fire, about a God wearing the face of someone he trusted more than anyone, he thinks about a body in a lake and how he didn’t know it was possible to feel so much. He thinks about losing him, then getting him back, then losing him and losing him and losing him and--
He wants to shake him, grip his chin and keep his eyes on him, they just made out—pretty violently—and now Cas can’t even look him in the eye. “Look at me,” He whispers, pleads, “please.”
Cas sighs, and pulls back even further, which Dean matches evenly, closing the distance he tries to put between them. “Yes, I’m human and so is Jack.” He flicks his gaze anxiously between Dean and the ground again.
“You should see the other guy.” He jokes but he works his jaw at the memory. It’s not an answer they both know that, but Cas doesn’t push him for one. He pulls Dean’s hands into his lap, wrapping them with his own. They’re warm, have they always been warm?
Dean lets out a chuckle that feels and sounds more like a sob, “Yeah, well, count yourself lucky you caught me on a bad morning.”
Cas, blue-eyed and alive stands several feet away from him at the Akron Pie Festival, wearing fucking bumble bee crocs.
He’s used to people lying, it’s kind of the one thing he counts on but he can tell she’s being honest, or at least as honest with him as she is to herself. He doesn’t ask if she wanted to be, he doesn’t know much about women if he’s honest and even less about love, but there’s a longing in the way she can barely make eye contact as she reminisces about Harry that answers that question for him.
He flips open the badge and is met with himself, staring blankly, and the name Agent Neil Perry printed out beside him.
Cas doesn’t want to disturb him so he’s careful, stepping around the bed eyes searching for his possessions. He stills. His bag, the one with his one change of clothes, sits beside Dean on the couch, where he knows he didn't leave them.
“This'll be good for you Dean, you need to get out of the house.” he states, drumming his fingers along the leather of the steering wheel.
“Out of everything, out of all of it that I lost to Metatron and his tricks, it’s hearing your prayers I miss most.” He whispers, hoping Dean hasn't fallen asleep yet.
you?” Dean’s head is spinning. He blinks at Hammond confused. “Animal control?” He responds like a man who really does not want to be speaking to him. He rips the lid open and tosses it, sticks a plastic spoon inside, grabs his own cup of coffee and again, heads somewhere without waiting for Dean to follow suit.
He picks up a sausage and slowly chews on it and when he looks up she’s still there. Marnie eyes the other side of the booth and Dean waves her on, barely containing the roll of his eyes. She looks over behind the counter and then back at the booth and slides in.
He should be enjoying himself, the sun is shining bright in the clear sky, there’s laughter and the music of a live band just down the way filling the street. The air is full of the soft fruity smell of pies baking and the powdery smell of flour and crust. Dean flicks a small bug off his knee as he waits, bored, on a park bench on the main street but away from the cluster of people. The sun beats itself hot against his neck, he’s stiff and uncomfortable and the laughter and music make his skin crawl, the smells wafting through the air choke him. He wants to be... well, not here. He doesn’t want to be at Eileen’s though she’s been wonderful, he wants to be alone, in his room at the bunker.
Dean settles into the front seat beside Cas and waits patiently, without panic, until Cas slides his hand into his in the comfort and privacy of his truck. He swipes his thumb along the outside of Cas’ hand as he looks at Jack in the rearview mirror, playing with a toy dinosaur and singing along to whatever godawful music is playing on the radio. The rest of his life is condensed in this crew-cab truck, pulling out of a Pie Festival in Akron, Ohio; and though he doesn’t think he deserves it, he’s gonna spend the rest of his life trying to make himself believe that he does, (and hell, with the way Jack smiles at him, and the way Cas kisses him with all the love in the world, it probably won't take that long anyway)
“Damn it.” She lifts the keyboard up and wipes all the coffee that’s pooled underneath the plastic. She sighs. She collects all the coffee-soaked towels and dumps them in the trash can behind her.
cw/tw: dean goes to the morgue to see the body of the victim; mentions of self-mutilation, the back half of this chapter deals with dean's failings when it comes to cas' death and subsequent failings to save him so it gets pretty upsetting; drinking, self-worth issues, suicidal thoughts, anger.
"Nothing worth repeating." He’s looking at him now for the first time since they got into the car, and Cas finds himself looking back, though not for a lack of trying.
He finally takes a sip of coffee, the hot liquid burns its way down his throat. He finally feels awake. “And his wife?” He questions. No way his wife is happy in all of this.
He pulls it back and reads the plain white text, “Sioux Falls Sheriff’s Retreat 2014.” His grip falters slightly. He’s reminded of the single text that sits on his phone, unopened and unread, and currently burning a hole through his inside pocket.
“Good, wolves ‘round here are protected species anyhow.” Hammond pulls a file over from the large stack sitting on his desk and flips it open, leisurely reading it as Dean fights the urge to just get up and leave. Maybe slash the tires on the cruisers outside.
He flicks Dean across the forehead, nothing hard, but Dean groans in pain, all the same, a twinkle in his eye as he doesn’t let his hand fall back down to the bed but slides down to trace shapes along Dean’s naked back.
Dean turns back to Cas, waiting for him to decide but is met with yet another look that could only be described as a computing failure. He doesn’t blink, just stares at Marine with a blank look.
He grabs Cas by the side of the head, locking him in his gaze. “Cas, buddy, I want you. I want to be with you, I want to spend the rest of my fucking life with you.” He breathes out, “If you’ll have me, that is.” Dropping his gaze down to Cas’ lips. Cas might love him, he might
“Heard about that.” Riley’s voice softens. She sits back down at her chair and hands him over the files. They’re heavy in his hands.
It’s only been a handful of minutes, maybe an hour, and yet he has missed the deep green of his eyes looking back at him. He may not be able to see Dean’s soul anymore, but as the saying goes, looking at his eyes is almost as rewarding, especially when they’re swimming in warmth the way they so rarely are. He’s always so burdened, so hardened, reflected in the deep green of his gaze, but there’s none of that here, nothing but warmth. There’s something else too, but Cas can’t think about it without thinking about the fact that he can’t feel Dean's feelings. That he can’t reach inside his mind and figure out what he’s thinking, can’t even touch him now without the pretense of healing his wounds. But this, just looking without touching, looking without knowing or seeing or thinking; just looking is something so beautiful. He’s not anywhere else, he’s not hearing the vibrations of the Earth or the chatter of the Host, or seeing through the astral planes. He’s just in a room with Dean, looking at him while he’s looking back and it’s almost everything he’s ever wanted.
"Praying was never something I did, I never understood it, I never thought anyone was listening. But, you are, you’re listening aren't you?"
Dean’s fingers flex out against the leather seat, he had forgotten how painful it is to talk to Cas when he can never actually say what he wants, but he guesses that’s probably a two-way street. He should just say that’s not what he meant, that he just wants Cas with him all day, but that’s… he can’t say that.
Riley puts her phone down and turns her body toward the computer, there’s a song of it booting up. There’s an award silence as they both wait. Dean caves, “So why you working here ya know, for the fuzz?” Her face lights up blue with the login screen. Dean taps his fingers against the wood.
Dean is quiet, Cas rubs his thumb across Dean’s temple and doesn’t miss the stutter of breath that escapes Dean’s lips. Dean’s hand rubs electric currents up and down Cas’ arms. With every touch from Dean his own body feels that much closer to divinity, he would build altars in Dean’s name just to receive the burning warmth that floods in his chest when his fingers touch his skin.
That same day, after throwing Dean into the shower with his clothes on, and without ever saying a word, just looked at Dean with the same sad and worried look he wears now, Sam had packed up Dean’s things while he sat restrained in the passenger seat of the Impala, and driven him to Eileen's where Sam had been staying. Neither of them has left since. That was a month ago.
The bed creaks under both their weights as Cas bends a knee over the bed, turning himself towards Dean, his right leg hanging over the side of the bed. The carpet scratches at his bare feet, but he can’t find it in himself to move— not when Dean is so careful with his hand, eyes narrowed in focus. He watches carefully as Dean’s fingers work their way around the cuts, inspecting the damage.
Dean takes a sip of water, his coffee long forgotten, and with a squint of his eyes looks for clarification,“What do ya’ mean? Like you didn’t know you were gonna touch down in Iowa?”
This is why he swallows up the anger and the confusion and betrayal, because being with Cas is so much more than all of it, what is anger to the brightness of Cas’ eyes when they look at him, and what is confusion and betrayal to the way Dean’s body
Dean’s earlier anger and tension shrinks into something else, something he can’t quite pinpoint, it’s so difficult now, to understand the small little intricacies that make up human emotion —the way the eyes can soften and harden, the furrowing of brows, even eye contact. It's all so important now that he's human, but he can't understand a thing—. He coughs, “Uh,” rubbing at the back of his neck, “It was all they had.” Nodding to the bed which Cas can’t bring himself to look away from.
“Last night. You were there with me last night weren’t you?” Dean asks once Cas has turned back to his plate of food.
His bloodied knuckles sting as he wraps his fingers around Baby’s wheel. He eyes the clock above the radio, it clicks 11:30 just as he drives by a small little diner that every small town he’s ever been in has had. He can’t remember the last time he felt he dull ache of hunger, or even the cravings of something familiar to eat but he can feel himself fading, can hear Sam’s bitching in his ear, so, he turns around.
“Dean.” Cas is closer now, he can feel the weight of his stare above him. Cas’ hand covers his own on his head and pulls at his fingers until they loosen their grip. Then he drops down into a crouch beside him.
“Willams. That’s Mrs. Willams’ husband? The body that was found outside of town?” She looks over at him expectantly.
Cas lets him go, and he curses himself for opening his fucking mouth and curses Cas for listening to him in the first place.
Hammond nods like he doesn’t care what Dean does and busies himself with rummaging through the fridge for something specific. He pulls back with a small container of yogurt.
“I had to save him Jack he needed me to. But I couldn’t. Fuck! I’m such a— the one thing I wanted to do, I couldn’t. Sam was livid and I was killing myself slowly... am killing myself slowly... Sam said you must’ve saved him that's- that's why he wasn’t coming through the empty but I couldn’t. I can’t. He wouldn’t just.”
“What happened?” Cas whispers, dropping his hand from his face to Dean’s shoulder. It’s a solid weight, Dean tries not to crumble under it.
He pushes himself closer, they’re inches from each other and Cas refuses to look up from Dean’s chest. Seeing Cas refuse to look at him, after everything, after
Like in the alleyway his stomach plummets, he feels the spit collecting beneath his jaw and he knows he’s going to be sick.
At his own failure in not finding another solution for dealing with Chuck, for failing to give Jack the childhood and life he deserved. He unbuttons his jacket with shaking fingers. There’s anger at Jack himself which he attempts to snuff out, he doesn’t— can’t deal with that, ever. Not fair to either of them.
He could certainly tell Dean that each prayer from him is like Revelation itself, tell him how much purpose he finds in the quiet confessions and conversations Dean has with him. There are times when Dean prays
In the warmth and safety of their bed, tucked against the far wall of their bedroom in their small two-story, blue-shingled house, Cas sleeps.
“We want you Dean, however you’ll take us, but if you don’t think you can do this anymore, I won’t hold it against you.”
“Dean.” His voice is low and gravelly and it shoots right through Dean’s body like an electric current.
There’s another rustling of fabric, the mattress dipping. Cas’ heart gallops in his chest, he thought about Dean leaving but actually being faced with the actuality of it all is terrifying. He’s always the one to leave first, he doesn’t know if he could survive watching Dean leave him.
Inside, he follows the mortician, a short, tanned older woman named Rosalie to the back rooms. Harry Willams’ body is pulled out from one of the many drawers that line the wall ahead of him and sits in the middle of the cold and sterile room.
The phone on the desk rings, a shrill sound and the girl without even looking up, takes the handle off the receiver and shoves it back with force. The room goes quiet. Dean blinks. She looks up at her hand and then up at Dean with a look of disdain. She doesn’t move a muscle, coffee drips down her arm.
She reaches for him and pulls him into a tight hug. She says something, maybe thank you, maybe something else. He really can’t make her voice from the music, from the chatter, from the pounding in his head. Her arms inside his jacket tighten against his waist. He does everything he can to not violently pull away, he feels the bile crawling up his throat again. He squeezes out of Lila’s grasp, and makes his way towards the front door— pushing it of the bar open with his shoulder. He thinks he might’ve knocked into someone, there’s a distant, angry voice coming from somewhere.
“Is this okay?” Dean whispers, voice deeper than he’s used to and Cas smiles and has to bite back a small laugh. This is more than okay, this is everything that Cas has ever let himself imagine. Dean's eyebrows furrow in confusion and before he can misunderstand, Cas swings his arms around his neck and pulls him down, pulling the entirety of his weight on top of him, letting Dean push him into the mattress.
Dean finishes the glass of orange juice in a few gulps and wipes his mouth on the back of his hand, “uh, working a case.”
Cas squints his eyes then flicks his gaze back down to his menu and chews at the bottom of his lip as he scans the drinks. He looks back up at Dean with a questioning look in his eye. Dean almost laughs.
“It’s all gravy, baby.” He whispers and drops another kiss right above his heart. “Let’s just get some sleep okay? Everything will be okay in the morning.”
It’s long enough on the floor of the dungeon for him to think about a barn door swinging open, to think about a seedy brothel and a dark alley, to think about the man at the end of the world who had lost everything and was willing to give up, even more, to think about the choice between peace and freedom to think about that’s all it ever really came down to and how he’ll only ever have one without the other.
He pulls himself back to look Dean in the eyes, “I couldn’t place these feelings, couldn’t figure out what it all meant, I’ve carried them with me for years, they’ve built up and they’ve strengthened but I never had a name, never needed one, just the fact that I could feel at all was wonderful in its own right but, but I think I know now, I think I understand. I feel as if I just woke up, Dean. Not from sleep, but deep slumber. I feel as if I’m still shaking off the last legs of it but I feel awake.”
Cas blinks once, then a few more times in rapid succession like a robotic reboot. Dean almost wants to laugh but his throat is tight and dry all that makes its way out is a dry cough. He’s suddenly very aware of how bad he must look, how tired. He probably smells like sweat and booze and vomit. God, he’s so pathetic.
“I already have one in my jacket,” he flips open one side of his coat to show Dean the magazine rolled up in the inside pocket, “I was simply just waiting for you to return so we could leave. I want to come with you to the crime scene.”
It’s one thing to be alone, but something else entirely to feel it deep within oneself. He was a terrible angel, a terrible human, he can’t quite seem to make anything work for him.
“I never could Dean. Losing my grace the way I did is something I never wanted, but to be close to you like this, to feel you, to be touched by you, to feel the warmth of your body on my skin, I would give it up all over again just for this.” He feels Dean suck in a breath of disbelief above him, and Cas' chest tightens, and he realizes without a doubt, that he loves him. That this feeling that's been eating him up, threatening to consume him isn't just a desire to be needed, or a desire to be close, it's love. All encompassing, love. He's in love with Dean Winchester.
He feels Dean’s hands running softly around the bare skin of his chest, not trying to start anything, just a grounding touch, an exploratory one but one that’s based on the common familiarity of knowing your partner’s body like the back of your hand.
A mother and her child sit quietly in one, a group of men in the other, chatting loudly, food spilling from their open mouths.
He lets out a small, uncomfortable chuckle, “Not exactly.” It’s not the death, its the people. “Not in my line of work.” A bit of honesty never hurt any—. He really wishes he didn’t pulverize his drink right about now. “FBI, I’m here about Harry.”
Cas slides his hands into the front pockets of his jeans and swings back and forth on the balls of his feet—so human—“I’ve had it circled on my fridge calendar for a while. We live in the area and while it’s not that I particularly enjoy pie for the taste, I enjoy all things that remind me of you.”
Cas shakes his head a little like somethings dislodged in his head, “I’ve forgotten how it feels to be human, it might be difficult for me to readjust and I apologize for that in advance.” He smiles and this time it reaches his eyes, but there’s something else there, he looks sad.
Dean drops his head on Cas’ shoulder, exhausted. He half expects Cas to push him away even now, but he doesn’t. Cas fingers find their way into Dean’s hair and pulls him in closer. His fingers pressing softly against his skull, running through his hair in a rhythmic fashion. How has he gone his whole life without this? How would he have gone the rest of his life without this?
