. He found he was feeling the warm spot on the back of his neck again. This time, it felt like a whispered promise, like someone breathing
about what the different flowers symbolise.’ The laughter would start up again, and Steve would hide his face, embarrassed, and Tony would be giggling and trying to pry his hands away just as Pepper would call out ‘To be fair, James, he did ask for flowers to symbolise
Steve's breath hitched. They'd talked about kids, and she knew he wanted them, but it was always in a playful some-day-far-away sense. Except she couldn't help thinking maybe someday was now.
Only just managing to swallow the scream that he did not want the men outside to hear, Tony pressed his lips tightly together and cautiously turned to face the left hand wall. He shuffled forwards, trying to focus the weak light of the arc reactor enough to know what he was dealing with.
Steve couldn't stop thinking about the first time he had looked after Peter on his own. He had only been a few months old, then, and his parents had been going out for their anniversary dinner. It was the first time they had left him and both of them came back at least half a dozen times for one last goodbye before they finally left. They didn't seem worried about leaving him with Steve, though. Steve had been a fixture in Peter's life from day one, had helped with the feeding and changing and bathing when they needed him to, and probably knew Peter as well as they did. They thought that while they would miss Peter, Peter would be fine.
'Your son,' Steve said, 'Will find a way to support himself. Or, at least, marry someone who knows what they are signing up for and has too much money to care.'
Tony rolled his eyes. Ever since Steve had moved in after marrying Tony four months ago, he and Jarvis were becoming more and more alike. A united front, behaving like his parents.
It was wrong, she knew, this way of thinking. Her kidnappers had been vile, not her. She hadn't been disgusting. But still.
It was petty, and Steve would regret his coldness later, but just then all of him was cold. The light inside him was like a frozen lake now, clear and numb and sharp. He worked his way around the festival, breaking up a few back-alley dice games and making sure nobody was too drunk, trying not to think about Tony. He might as well have been trying not to breathe.
'Yeah, well, he won't be a billionaire by the time I'm done with him.' Steve hauled himself to his feet. His leg protested, but he decided to let it. If he let a little pain stop him, he'd never do anything.
'You have a lot of kids,' Steve remarked as they went into the house and Bucky scooped Tim up from his crib, settling the squalling child against his shoulder.
Steve couldn’t. He wasn’t even sure he had arms any more. They might have been gone somewhere, in the dark and the scents. But he tried anyway.
Peter looked at the monster again, wide-eyed and scared. 'But we'll save him, right? I mean, you're...' He rubbed the sleeve of Steve's uniform, apparently in awe.
Strangely, probably due to some symptom of trauma, Tony could not really remember the events of that night. He could only remember how he recounted them just after five the next morning, when the firefighters had deemed it safe for them to go back into the building, and he had been marched straight to the principle's office.
Peter's eyes widened. 'I heard of you!' He blurted out, and slopped juice over his front. 'You're a scientist!'
The next day he received three things: a standard-issue Shield uniform, a rota of 'light duties' and an invitation to play chess with Richard that evening. He was grateful for the uniform, because he was pretty tired of standing out as the only one in civilian clothing. It might be made from a strange future material, and an even stranger cut, but a uniform was a uniform. As soon as he put it on, he felt better. He felt part of something that made some sort of sense. Things felt more manageable.
Peter looked up, blinking the tears away as much as he could, and saw the red-headed lady that had come to the house, the one that was Steve's friend from work.
Tony laughed. ‘I know, I know. Take it down a notch, beautiful, or I might start suspecting you really were doing something
Tony didn't deserve it, and Jarvis deserved so much better. There was nothing Tony could do to make it up to him, but there was at least one thing he could put right.
'Yeah, I know,' Natasha said. 'And honestly, that might be the best way for us. I don't know if I can deal with-'
Steve checked his watch; Natasha was distressed and waiting for him. Nearly twenty minutes had elapsed since he had left her. He hurried to the till.
Tony snorted. ‘You don’t know Italians. I need the flowers to distract her, knock her off balance from her rage. Something that says
'Okay, thanks,' Steve said. 'I'll get juice.' He shook a glass questioningly at Tony, and at his nod took a second one from the cupboard and made his way over to the fridge. This was Tony's chance.
That got his attention. He looked up from where he was putting things into the fridge, worry in his eyes. She hadn't had an appointment for over a year. She continued quickly.
Steve wasn’t a good liar, and he’d been so nervous the day before about being caught, but it had been too late. So he had arranged the best bouquet he could, told Tony ‘Carnations symbolise the self, and peonies symbolise the recipient. Lily of the valley is knowledge, and gladioli can indicate a lack. And you put them clockwise to give the order of the sentence.’
said it, when he had been texting Peter about brain chemistry. Then Peter realised he maybe shouldn't have said that, because it probably wasn't very nice to tell someone someone else had called them a hack. Mr Osborn just looked like Peter had told a great joke.
'Having trouble?' Steve asked, and Tony immediately changed his mind. It wasn't even a smile, it was a smirk. 'I thought you were good at making things.'
So Steve talked about everything, about the misleading adverts, about how things had been in his childhood, how clueless he had been, and somehow, even though they were talking about tampons, Natasha felt okay. Not completely fine, and still with a vague sense of dread lingering in the background, but okay. And the conversation followed on naturally as he told her how he had struggled in the store, and somehow it felt possible to say that any brand was fine, after not having any in Afghanistan.
'Get up,' he said. 'Show me your powers. How did he get it to work on you? How? I've been trying for years and none of my subjects ever survived!'
They left the party early, slipping away to their room before the guests could notice. After all, their engagement had been interrupted; and they had plenty they still wanted to enjoy.
. He'd had too many years of dates pressing their fingers against it, finding the mark did not activate, then leaving disappointed; all the while assuring him that no,
'Hi, Cap,' Tony said, pressing the patch to his neck. It had enough sedative in it to knock out several elephants, which he hoped would be enough for one super soldier. Steve swayed, and Tony just about managed to steer him back into the chair before he had to support his weight entirely. It was a necessary precaution. Steve probably wouldn't like the idea of highly-experimental medicine being used on his kid, and Tony couldn't have him interfering, not now.
. The pain of the night before didn't seem to have bothered him at all, and now he was doing things he could never have done, even on the best of his good days. Steve had wanted to cry, and only Peter's concern had stopped him breaking down completely.
'Well, have a good day at the office, beloved,' he said. 'Remember, stay safe. And, um, keep an open mind.'
He rode up there as fast as his horse could take him, before leaving it to rest and graze at the mine entrance. Unhooking his paraffin lamp from the saddle, Steve headed inside, cautiously calling Pietro's name, not daring to be too loud in case he brought the whole thing down. He was sure Wanda would have already tried it anyway, but reasoned the kid could have been unconscious before and awake now.
Steve had no idea what the thing on his plate was. It had a green, circular base and was topped with an array of aesthetically pleasing plants. Some were vegetables, some were probably herbs, and there was something in the middle he had no idea of at all. It almost didn't look like food at all, it looked more like
'Penthouse,' he said, wondering if he would be asked to provide some sort of access code. But perhaps the machine had been expected him, because he felt the slightest sense of movement that meant he was going up.
It was said so quietly that if the corridor had still been full he would never have heard it. But he did, so he turned, and saw to his surprise that it was Tony Stark who had called him.
It had been a long, long process. First Peter had had to be given over to the proper authorities, procedures had to be followed, they had to apply and interview and have visits and jump through hoop after hoop but finally, finally, about four weeks ago they had taken Peter home as their son. The ten month old had settled well into his new surroundings, was getting plenty of bonding time with both his parents, and now, at last, they had decided it would be okay for the other Avengers to meet him.
‘Oh.’ Steve said. The Flynns had kindly labelled all the buckets for him in case of exactly these kinds of situations, and he had selected stems from the one labelled
Companionship, dependability and trust, he said it meant; wanting the best for each other. In Ancient Greece, it had been normal for men to be this close with nothing lustful, nothing
'I see when you gave me the authority over the team Stark had no more intention of listening to me than usual.' T'Challa sighed.
'Look,' Steve said, trying not to lose his patience. 'He's only a kid. It would mean the world to him if you could just put in an appearance.'
. It wasn't exactly helpful. He turned his head, trying to subtly spot the Evil Ex. Instead, he spotted Bucky coming back.
'Good.' Tony stood up. 'Well then, if it's alright with you, I'm going to change. Hold this, squirt.'
Four dances. Far too many to be good etiquette. And when they finally separated, they both refused dances with anyone else; Angela going directly in search of her brother and Tony coming back to Steve.
kind. And why hadn't he just bought one of the larger bottles instead of several small ones? Tony discovered the answer to this when Steve pulled the empty bubble tea cup out of his hands and replaced it with one of the bottles. It was wonderfully cold.
Annoyed, Steve turned his face away. Stark ran his thumb down his cheek, and let go. Steve could feel the blood racing where he had touched. He desperately wanted to say something, something specific, but couldn't identify what it was.
It was, of course, locked. Steve had been about to put a shoulder to it, but Stark had laughed again, the fingers of his suit stretching out long and impossibly thin, splitting into branch after branch, working their way into the crack around the frame. Then he pulled, and just like that it came away, no more difficult than taking the lid off a piece of tupperware. Stark threw the door into the grounds and crashed his way into the house.
While he had been gone, Tony had looked after the domestic crises, and Steve knew Iron Man had been in a few scraps of his own. Somehow, though, Tony had still found time to decorate every inch of the tower; meaning that now they could cuddle up on the couch under a throw and watch the lights on the tree twinkle, just enjoying being back together after so long apart. This, Steve thought, was how Christmas Eve ought to be spent.
‘Okay, okay,’ Steve could hear the barely concealed panic in Tony’s voice. ‘Steve, Steve? Can you lift your arms for me, beautiful?’
stuck here. Mr Stark wouldn't put up with this kind of thing, Peter was sure. Mr Stark would probably have been able to make some machine out of his blankets and the glass of water on the bedside table.
'No, no, come on, let's get to the bottom of this. Steven Grant Rogers, were you thinking about my ass?'
'It was a beautiful day in the garden. The sun was shining, the birds were singing, when suddenly...'
'Two weeks.' Tony's face fell. 'We've been looking everywhere for you, pretending this loser had us all fooled so we could try to find the base. Sorry you kind of beat us to the rescue. Were we close?'
Oddly, he didn't get lost in the pain, swept away into this life until he lost himself, forgot who he was. He even found his connection to the rest of the multiverse going quiet. The tragedy gave him clarity. It drew together all the parts of who he was into one place, one mind.
Midwives and doctors were waiting to meet them when they arrived; Richard had called ahead. They were whisked away into the depths of the hospital and Steve was left to sit, and wait, and pray.
She jumped, suddenly throwing the cushion guiltily away from her, sitting up. The movement was a mistake. She needed to pee,
'Need you to look after this for me,' he said, unable to meet Bucky's eye. Bucky nodded, didn't say anything, because what was there to say? They'd all been there. He left Steve with the baby in the kitchen, took the gun, and buried it deep in his back yard. There were some things you just didn't want your kids to find.
Steve looked at him, his face set in a too-neutral expression of polite confusion. His eyes gave him away, still red, redder even than when his Ma had died. He looked like he hadn't slept since the war.
'Nothing to so with me,' Clint said from the couch. 'And everything to do with Cap. He said it was a decoration.'
'Thanks for not freaking out,' he said, giving Tony's hand a squeeze. 'I hope it won't bother you when you're sober.'
He found tears were in his eyes and blinked them away, embarrassed. ' ...'s a good song,' he sniffed, trying to cover.
'Weeks. Maybe two months, if you keep him here. Less, probably, at home. But... you should consider his quality of life, too. He may be happier at home, with you.'
when a newspaper article (5) suggested domestic slaves, usually women, were being forced into Charity Marriages with white servants or less-important relatives of the family in order to keep them in the house so that their free labour could continue to be exploited.
It wasn't a closet, exactly. It looked to be another alcove of the cave they were being held in, only closed off with a thick wooden door, chained and padlocked. Sometimes Tony thought he could hear something moving inside it. He eyed it sceptically, worried there was some poor person trapped inside.
But it had been weak then. There were better ways to kill. Yes, much better. And they would come, when it was strong. When it had a host.
Within minutes, Tony was so engrossed that he didn't even notice that other people had entered the lab until one of them kicked his book bag clear across the room. It thumped loudly against one of the windows, making Tony jump, scratching a line clear down the middle of his page of notes, and making the newcomers laugh like it was the funniest thing they had ever seen. Tony knew who it was before his eyes had even torn away from the crumpled bag. Sure enough, he turned to see Osborn and his three favourite cronies. Tony had never bothered to learn their names.
He saw Steve's expression shift to one of reluctant acceptance and pulled his arm free. Then Steve's face changed again, softening as it always did when he thought about his son, and Tony held up a hand to stop him.
Hands shaking with anger, he called the number Stark had been texting from. He picked up after the third ring.
Lily guy laughed and shrugged. He was still wearing the black suit, although now that Steve looked again, he noticed the jacket had some kind of insignia on the front pocket. After a second, he placed it. It was on the uniforms for the fancy private school a few blocks away. Maybe they finished later for summer. Either way, it probably wasn’t what you’d wear to a funeral. Oops.
'The foreseeable future,' Steve repeated thoughtfully. Somehow, in the time they had been sitting quietly together, they had turned so that Tony was now lying against his chest, and Steve had both arms around him, and seemed to have forgotten about the state of his hands because he was rubbing small circles on Tony's back; and despite the fact the bench was hard and uncomfortable, Tony had never felt better in his life. 'It's an odd phrase.'
Except he didn't, not right away. The sun was going down, and it was catching on Tony, making him glow like he had that night on the fourth of July. Steve knew he was an addled old romantic, and his memories weren't always where he had left them, but he remembered that right enough. The beautiful lights and this beautiful man, and the beautiful life they had built here together.
in the lab, and Miss Friday had thought Tony was still in there, and now she was in hospital, in a coma, barely breathing, probably going to die, and everyone thought it was his fault.
Tony let him for a few moments, drinking in the view and the quiet sound of the charcoal scratching, and then said, 'Well, sorry to break this up, but if we don't go now we'll miss the reservation.'
'You know you pull the exact same face in bed,' he teased, leaning over to plant a kiss on the top of Steve's head. Steve was way taller than him, and Tony's hair was one of his favourite places to aim for, so Tony took the opportunity to get him back whenever he could. Plus it gave him a chance to admire the sketch of the lake taking shape beneath Steve's skilled hands. He was untrained, but he had talent. Before the war, he'd been planning on going to art school. Sometimes Tony wondered whether, if the Nazis hadn't tried to take over the world, Steve would have made it, if his work would have now been hanging in the Met. One more, little, thing the war had taken away. Then again, if Steve had gone to art school instead of the army, they wouldn't be here now, so Tony wasn't complaining. Anyway, this way the sketches were just for him.
Steve laughed at that, and, Tony was sure, manoeuvred deliberately so he could get away from Tony's hand on his back and take it instead.
'I love it,' Steve said, honestly, and Tony's expression eased a fraction. 'I'm just making an improvement.'
'So, sometimes it can happen the other way round, too. It can look like someone is doing something good when really it's something bad. The medicine Mr Stark injected you with is really dangerous. Why don't you let me show you?'
Stark came and sat on the bed, still on the full armour. Peter's eyes goggled at it in amazement, taking it all in.
'Steve, it's fine, just calm down. Look, just sit down, it's fine,' Tony laughed. 'I know fancy dinners aren't your scene anyway.'
Despite what they might say when they were asked, most of the Avengers agreed that the benefits of living with Tony Stark outweighed the inconveniences. True, he could be untidy, leaving screws and bits of circuit board littered all over the place; and on the other hand screech like a Stepford Wife at coffee grounds left in the disposal or wet towels put back on the rail instead of in the wash. He kept odd hours and blasted music loudly enough to shake the whole place, and had been known more than once to use every pot and pan in the kitchen and most of the contents of the fridge just trying to make an omelette. On the other hand, though, they were living rent-free, utilities included; they had the best wifi in the city, amazing views, the best quality furniture, a pool, a roof garden, and two hot tubs. And then, at this time of year, the whole place transformed into a kind of Christmas grotto, cosy and warm, and festivity wherever you looked. To Tony, if you were going to do something, you ought to do it properly.
happen happened, if they kissed right now, he might actually pass out. Which would be super embarrassing. He inched forward all the same, just a little. Tony inched forward too.
(‘And the rest,’ Bucky would say, ‘We all know.’ And he would raise his glass to toast the happy couple.)
That first appointment was very brief, and very unlike the mental examinations he had had to do in preparation for the serum. He was not made to lie down on a couch and stare at a wallpapered ceiling. Nobody asked him who the president was (which was a good thing as he had no idea). There were no intelligence tests, no ink blots, no intrusive questions about what he thought about his mother, his father, sex; none of the things, in short, that had made Steve so reluctant to go in the first place. In fact, that first appointment lasted less than two minutes and consisted only of three questions:
but no. She wasn't going to think about that. She was just going to focus on breathing in time with the steady count Jarvis was giving her, keep her heart rate down.
Steve nodded tersely. He didn’t want to think about this. He certainly didn’t want to discuss it with a woman who would pass every last word onto Fury.
'Hi, buddy,' Steve said, coming to hug him, careful to avoid the tube running to the tank. Peter wasn't dressed yet, so none of the nurses had come to detach him. Now Peter was awake and upright, it would be safe enough to take out. Steve did so, gently unhooking the line from Peter's nose. Peter squirmed impatiently at the unpleasant sensation, but didn't complain; too busy rocking excitedly back and forth on the bed. Steve suppressed a wry smile. Only Richard and Mary Parker could create a child both too ill to run around and too energetic to sit still.
it,' Stark grinned over his shoulder, and on that disturbing note they found the staircase and barrelled up it, to another long landing. Steve thought he saw a door hastily click shut, and headed towards it, but Stark ignored it, going straight for the door at the end and
Steve suddenly remembered their first meeting in the bar, the confused haze he’d thought he’d seen in Stark’s eyes. He had no idea what it meant, but it was hard to imagine Stark was a risk to Peter. And keeping quiet had been part of the deal.
He could reach down and run his fingers through Tony's hair, feel it curl around them, Steve thought. He'd done it before, one night back in the winter when Tony had stayed out too long and come back cold, and he'd made a noise like old Abraham's cat when it got the fish. Tony adamantly denied he'd done any such thing, but Steve knew he liked it.
'That's great, kiddo,' Stark said, taking the opportunity. 'Glad you're feeling better. Mind if I talk to your Dad a second?'
He was beaming, so excited he was practically bouncing on the balls of his feet, not tired from the dancing at all. 'It's a done deal,' he announced. 'She's going to marry me!'
He caught sight of Steve putting his own straw between his lips, his nose crinkled slightly, probably in anticipation of the hated tapioca. Steve slurped surprisingly delicately for a man of his size, but then, everything that man did was graceful and controlled, whether it was doodling-in-briefings-when-he-thought-no-one-was-looking or straight-up punching someone into next week. Tony had never seen him drink from a straw before, though. He liked it.
And Steve hadn't been sure what injecting Peter with more drugs would make happen, was worried it would react badly, and so had gone to sit by his side and stroke his hair. It didn't get any better.
He had gone soft, since this most recent hospitalisation. There had been a time when he had tried to actively discourage Peter's hero-worship of Iron Man, tried to explain that
Finally, the front door clicked and Sarah entered, smiling in a way that didn't quite match her eyes as she sat down opposite them.
'Forget about it,' Tony said, because something about the crisp air, and the beautiful view, and the way the stars turned to crystal in the water beneath made it impossible to even think about being mad. 'I've had plenty of fancy dinners. Besides, this is kind of nice too.'
For a moment, Tony even felt grumpy as he hung up and turned to look at Steve. His fiancé. His soon to be husband. The grumpiness evaporated abruptly, obliterated by a flame of happiness flaring up within him. 'I love you,' he said, because it was all he could find in himself to say, and he started kissing Steve again.
'No!' Peter shouted, as he struggled. Mr Osborn was much bigger than him, but he was struggling to hold onto Peter's arm, and Peter was nearly free -
. He couldn’t remember which was supposed to be which just then, but he would have to cross that bridge when he came to it. He looked round at the selection of cut flowers, trying to put a bouquet together in his head, before working backwards to assign them meanings. At least if he was going to lie, he would make sure Tony’s mom got a beautiful bouquet out of it. He swallowed nervously and started gathering flowers. ‘Peonies and carnations, obviously.’
‘Fair enough,’ Stark shrugged, got to his feet and headed for the door. Just as Steve was processing this, starting to think it had been too easy, Stark turned and collided with the side of his face. There really wasn’t another word for it. Steve wasn’t even sure if it was supposed to be a (very wet) kiss on the cheek or if it had been some sort of chin-first headbutt. Stark laughed at his expression, pinching his cheek. ‘You’re adorable,’ he said, ‘See you soon, sweetheart.’ With that, he was gone.
'Midtown,' Barnaby replied. 'Do you know the Family Law Library and Legal Aid? Just opposite there.'
It hurt too much to look at Barnaby, or the beautiful garden that was so full of him and the lunch breaks and coffee breaks he must have spent here. So he looked at his feet.
'I'm sorry,' he blurted. 'I didn't realise- I didn't mean- I didn't think anyone would go looking for you in there.'
‘He said it was a secret!’ Peter wailed, his voice rasping as it always did when he tried to raise it. ‘You can’t tell him I told!’
But what was Tony meant to do? Steve was sitting there, and the room smelt of Christmas, they were drinking mulled wine and eating mince pies, and Steve was wearing a navy knit jumper and knitted woollen socks, and it was all so unbearably
.' Stating the time seemed to remind him of what he was there to do, making sure Steve got some much-needed nourishment, and he picked the soup bowl up again, stirring it agitatedly. 'I thought I'd lost you.'
Possibly they were trying to scare him into obedience, but if that was the goal it had the exact opposite effect. For months, ever since they had taken him, Tony had been numb; any emotions he felt walled away somewhere inside where they couldn't overwhelm him. But now they had breached the dam and rage like a flood was crashing over him.
'Here's the situation,' The man said. 'My evil ex is over there, your eleven o'clock – don't look! - He's coming this way and I'd really rather not see him, so,' the stranger paused for breath. Steve felt his heart begin to hammer. He'd seen this trope in countless romcoms; but surely people didn't actually go around asking total strangers to pretend to be their date in real life? Especially not hot people with amazing eyes and, now that Steve was looking, a great body. 'I'm just gonna hide under your table,' he finished, and promptly disappeared beneath the table, the long cloth barely rippling.
'That Captain America has been compromised. We knew from the very first psych profile Dr Parker did that it was a possibility. If he became disillusioned with the world as it is now he may become hostile. Especially with the added strain of Peter's condition.'
'If we're going to do this I should go wash my hands,' he murmured, resting his head on top of Tony's own.
Maybe he ought to just write about a real-life case. Not read an actual True Book, the kind of book that was someone's memories transferred to pages and imprisoned in covers – the idea revolted him – but read about them. Or maybe he didn't have to come up with something lurid and horrible; it could just be something ordinary enough, vaguely interesting enough, that someone desperate for money would have sold it to the Binders. Maybe his character witnessed a historic event? That might get him extra points with the History teacher anyway. He could write as a clerk or a servant or something around the signing of the declaration of independence, fallen on hard times and in need of a penny or two so badly that he'd give up part of his life.
The truth was, she needed to pee. Natasha Stark had a bladder of steel; it wasn't often that she needed to go, but there was no use denying it. Right then, she needed to go bad.
'In your dreams, Stark,' Osborn snapped. It was a rubbish come back, but in his defence he just wasn't as smart as Tony. 'What are you working on, anyway?'
'Are you leaving?' Tony asked, slightly crestfallen. Even if Pepper was right about Cap's sexuality, it looked like she was wrong about the rest.
'Dad!' Peter's voice came through sounding breathless. 'It is! I mean, it isn't, it's bad, maybe really bad-'
Steve looked round at his friends, feeling a warm appreciation settling in his stomach. Bucky, Sam, Natasha and Clint were all there, even though Clint had never been in school early enough for a pre-class hang out ever before. Peggy wasn't there, of course. Her exchange trip had finished at the end of last semester and she was back in England. He'd seen pictures of the going away party they had thrown her and thought he almost remembered it, but it didn't seem quite real. He half expected her to be there, tutting at him and upbraiding him for being so dramatic. Peggy, he figured, was the reason he kept finding himself looking for someone else even as his friends started to fill him in on all the gossip he'd missed. Steve did his best to listen.
'My heartiest congratulations!' Thor boomed as he entered the room, startling the poor Captain. The others were already assembled in the living room of Stark Tower, drinks in hand, but Thor had paused to go and get the ledger, which he had left on a table near the door. With both hands thus free he was able to clap them genially on the shoulders – barely causing the Captain to sag but nearly knocking Stark off the bar stool – and pull them into a tight hug. 'Your wedding will be a day of such celebrations the cries of joy will still be heard a hundred years hence!'
'I don't think so,' Sarah shook her head. 'He seems quite nice. A lot nicer than his father, anyway. He was very keen to make sure I wasn't forcing you into this, Steve.'
'We're not putting it,' Steve spat through gritted teeth, tearing the paper away from Bucky and furiously crossing out the word
Despite the fact it was the early hours of the morning, Steve was still awake, looking distinctly unkempt and dishevelled (and damn, that was as sexy as it was tragic), trying to read a book but unable to keep his eyes off Peter, who was lying asleep in the bed, hooked up to half a dozen different pieces of equipment. His phone was on the cupboard beside the bed, hooked up to some speakers, quietly playing music. Even at that volume, Tony felt his suit coil in disgust. Well, he would stop it soon enough. First of all, he just had to act natural.
'Hi,' The man said. He looked to be about Steve's age, dark hair sticking up at odd angles, a well groomed goatee covering his face below what were, frankly, most astonishing brown eyes Steve had ever seen. He couldn't stop staring into them. It was like he had never seen eyes before, and suddenly he was uncomfortably aware that he was never going to see anyone he found as attractive as this man ever again, just because of his eyes.
, the expression that drove Tony wild – 'Well, since you're asking, sure,' he said, and then they were laughing, and kissing, and Tony was calling him every bad name he could think of, because,
They made it work. Peter grew loving, and intelligent, and bore with the limitations of his condition with great patience for a young child. If it weren't for the bed time battles over the oxygen tank (pre-paint job) that would keep him alive through the night and the strange obsession with Iron Man, he would have been perfect. Then again, to Steve, he was perfect anyway.
Tony was right in front of him. It was his laugh that drew Steve's attention. He was sitting on a bench with Steve's doppleganger, sharing an ice cream cone along with the joke. There was a ring on his finger.
Instead he saw Venom standing fairly calmly behind a breakfast bar, drinking whiskey from the bottle.
When Steve finally returned to school, there was a welcoming committee waiting by his locker. As soon as they saw him, his friends started whooping and cheering, stamping their feet, and generally making as much of a scene as they possibly could. Grinning despite himself, Steve slid his way between them towards his locker, his cheeks turning pink.
'I'm fine,' he said, sighing, and obviously seeing that wasn't going to fly added, 'Just... reassessing my life choices.'
'I didn't write it,' Steve said. 'And I didn't want to perform the stupid thing, but it wasn't like anyone actually asked me. In the end I thought we might be able to raise some money, but don't think for one second I enjoyed a single moment of rehearsing or performing that stupid song! What I want to know is
'I'm not telling you anything!' He roared. Mr Osborn growled in frustration and went to stamp on him like a bug, but Peter rolled out of the way. And even though his stomach hurt and his shoulder hurt and he felt sick, Peter got to his feet and was running for the door before Mr Osborn even turned around. He grabbed the handle and wrenched as hard as he could, and the door
He had wondered whether Stark would really meet him at Shield, given that the man was one of their most wanted, but as he exited he found him already waiting outside, surrounded by a dozen unconscious agents and looking extremely nonchalant, as far as it was possible for a suit of armour to look nonchalant. As soon as he saw Steve, he started talking.
?' Stark groaned with apparent pleasure. 'I knew he would be military. And it's not even my birthday.'
‘Thank you,’ Peter said, as Steve put the plates down on the coffee table and settled down next to him. Then, abruptly, he turned to him and said ‘Hey, Steve, what’s this?’ He held his hands up in front of him, all ten fingers spread wide.
Barnaby, under false pretences. Two, he wasn't sure how much longer he could hold up. His bones were aching with tiredness, with the bruises of two hard falls on the floor, of dancing. He'd rested up a little in the diner, but he wasn't sure how much more they would take.
Next to Peter's elbow, a section of the glass suddenly popped open, revealing an air duct. Cautiously, Peter put his head in and looked inside.
Proving – At this stage, a goodwill exchange is made to prove the wealth of the richer family and the merits of the poorer family. Traditionally this takes the form of the wealthy family sending an extravagant gift to the poorer marriage candidate, who sends a hand-made gift in return demonstrating their particular skill. If the gifts are accepted on each side it is generally considered to be the beginning of a formal agreement, where it is no longer acceptable for either family to court other offers until the process is concluded in either a
‘What’s happened?’ He asked, immediately trying to think who he could get to watch Peter if Shield needed him. No-one came to mind.
By the time Steve made it home, his body was screaming at him. It was all he could do to drag himself through the door without falling over. He wanted to just collapse into bed, but he knew from bitter experience that if he slept without giving his aching joints at least a little heat he wouldn't be able to move at all when he woke up. So he hauled himself into the bathroom, stripped, and fell gratefully onto the shower chair. He had been offended when his mom had bought it (even though she had only bought it because he'd gotten too hot one time and passed out, nearly drowning), and had refused to use it for the longest time, but now he had to admit it had saved him a lot of pain more than once.
'This is a new look for you, Stark,' he said. 'Looks biological to me. I knew you weren't out of the weapons game just because your company is gone. Human enhancement. Imagine the beautiful destruction you could cause. A kingdom of ash to be
present, was currently in Tony's hands and needed to be pushed away somewhere where Steve wouldn't find it. Tony knew the perfect place – the empty cupboard.
Pepper got up one day and testified fiercely about the changes in Tony's character after he got infected, and wouldn't give the prosecution any ground when they tried to imply it was hardly a change at all. And then Steve got up there, in full Captain America uniform, in front of the eyes of the world, to testify about what he had seen, and about the fight.
'And I keep saying, I only like the TV when I don't have to feel guilty about owning it,' Steve had said, swinging his legs up onto the couch and reaching for the remote.
'Girl asked me to dance,' he said, putting the promised Appletiser down in front of Steve. 'You don't mind, do you?'
For a moment Steve thought the kiss had been just to the corner of his mouth, but then, no. Half of it had gone numb. It was probably sagging, ugly.
Well, never except in Afghanistan. Every so often, instead of bringing his food to the cell, they would march him out to a kind of mess hall, poke and prod him under heavy guard into the food line, to get his meagre portion when he got to the front. He had never been totally sure on why, but they always seemed to have an awful lot of soldiers and heavy weaponry around when it happened, so it had probably just been to remind him of his position. The thing was though, by the end he had almost looked forward to it, those rare glimpses of the outside world...
Despite his best efforts, Steve ground to a halt, panting. He was fast, but this creature was faster, and he just couldn't keep up.
'It makes me nervous,' Tony muttered in his ear, 'When you look at me like that. Makes me think you're planning something filthy.'
'You don't tell me what to do, Steve Rogers. At least not today. I can wire you the money right now.'
'Hi,' Steve said. The stranger was only wearing one wrist band, a tie-dye effect one that Steve couldn't immediately decode.
'Fine, fine, a pre-Christmas present then,' Tony said, taking his hand and leading him over towards the door. 'Now wrap up warm, soldier, it's freezing out there.'
'Cap? Steve? Anyone got eyes on Cap?' It was Tony's voice, of course. He didn't sound too concerned. It was only some Skrulls.
Tony nodded, unable to speak. He felt Peter's curious hands exploring his face, feeling his tears, so he wiped them away quickly.
. If she could just get back on the pill this whole thing would feel so much more manageable. She wished, for the first time, that she could talk about it. That she could tell Steve about the way it felt like there was a wall in front of her that she couldn't pull down, like she could see what she wanted but couldn't get there. But she couldn't stop remembering the cell, and the smell, and it was vile, it was so vile, and how could she ever confess to Steve about how disgusting she had been?
penis; hmm, this one is polite, seems quite nice actually, likes dogs, long walks, art – but wants to know if you'll agree to a sex change. Right.' She stopped clicking through the messages, which were building up and up second by second. 'Is anyone else starting to think this really is a bad idea?'
'Whatever. Here's the thing. I don't really give a crap who you are, I just want you to marry my son. Make him look wholesome and family friendly. Stop him from creeping out to bars at all hours and, most importantly, show his wankstain ex that Starks can't be messed with, and that we don't need their whore money. So, this medical stuff. What's your life expectancy?'
'Urgh,' Tony groaned again. 'I'm glad they're having fun, and all, but do they have to be so loud? At least we're QUIET about it!' This last was directed at the wall. The banging only increased in frequency, followed by a thud of something breaking. 'And if that's another bed I'm not paying for any more!'
'Daaaa,' Peter insisted, and lent over to try and pull Tony over. 'Bu.' He patted Steve's knee again.
he called it – and his sleeves were rolled up, his tie loose. He looked relaxed and Steve loved it.  ‘I don’t know if I have a favourite, I only heard of most of these once I started hanging out here.’
'Nattie,' he said, quietly. 'You don't need to do that. Even if we want kids. We could adopt, there are plenty of kids out there needing homes.'
'I congratulate you on a most romantic proposal,' Thor said to him, though he himself would have added a little more in the way of declarations of love. He reached for a drink all the same, ready to celebrate the occasion. 'A simple promise, given in the heart of danger, to be committed to one another forever! What else is a marriage meant to be? I wish you every happiness and I will ensure your nuptials are the most blessed in the Nine Realms.'
The stare was turning into a glare. Steve could feel it burning into the back of his head, almost like his hair was starting to smoulder. What was Stark's problem? Had Steve been rude to him, not having a proper conversation yesterday? But according to his friends, none of them had been particularly close to Stark. Maybe something had happened before, before he went off sick, and now the shock of seeing him again had worn off, Stark was mad at him about it. Whatever his problem was, if he didn't pack it in soon, they were going to have a disagreement.
'Nonsense!' Thor said enthusiastically. 'It is a double celebration! We will ensure the beer flows freely!' Steve gave him a look. 'When we are not on duty,' he added, hastily.
Steve allowed his body to sink back into the exhausted sleep it so obviously needed. Maybe when he woke up, things would make more sense.
. Tony sank back into his work, and didn't resurface until Jarvis said, 'Captain Rogers is requesting access.'
A summer job in the florists was great, so long as certain people at school did not find out. Being physically small and unimposing, Steve was already considered an effeminate joke. And yes, Steve
Peter was still looking at the gun. He didn't think it would be much help against the big black squirmy thing that had taken Mr Stark. The monster had just laughed off bullets before.
'Well, the forties sucked,' Tony said. 'Maybe he really was just trying to protect you. But it was still a crappy thing to do.' He wondered if it would be appropriate to put his arms round Steve, to give him what seemed like it would be a much needed hug. But then, given what he needed to say next, it probably wouldn't be. '...Steve, is that what you've lived your life by ever since? Because you know being bi is fine now. You aren't going to get arrested for fooling around in a closet.'
Steve didn't laugh. He never did, not about that. He just smiled encouragingly and squeezed her hand.
'It's always like this with dating sites,' Bucky said in his trying-to-be-reassuring voice. 'You get a flurry of weirdos at the beginning who message every new profile, then it settles down after a while.'
'Steve, they just convicted me of killing eleven people, and we both know that's probably a low estimate.'
'Steve?' Natasha's uncertain voice came through the door. She sounded like she was still crying, or about to start again. When she had asked for his help, it had sounded like she was forcing the words out against all odds. He had seen her fighting for her life, for the fate of the world, but he had never seen her - well, heard her - in such a state. She needed his help.
'What?' Peter suddenly understood. 'Oh! Yeah!' He pulled the phone, the phone Mr Stark had given to him, the phone that Mr Stark himself had owned, out of his pocket. After a few moments of searching, he found a port on Jarvis' hardware to plug it in, and quickly pulled up the Youtube playlist.
‘Oof, there he is,’ Stark said, patting Peter’s back and untangling himself. ‘Yeah, okay, hi, that’s enough. Go get dressed, we’re going out.’
He felt the cold, tentacle-like touch climbing up his ankle and looked down to see a puddle of thick looking liquid, darker than the darkness, like melted rubber or pure tar, pooling out beneath and around and over him. His blind panic, the manic swipes he made at it made no difference. It was spreading up his body, over his clothes, and when he tried to pull it away, it flowed around his hands like water. His breath was coming in horrified gasps now, because this was worse even than when he had woken up with a car battery attached to his chest; because he could feel the tar adhering to his bare skin, creeping in around his clothes, becoming part of him.
Hell. He would take the woods again over this. At least then he knew who he was while a monster wore his face.
For the first time, he had a pang of regret about destroying the SIM card in Peter's phone. He would have liked to have called Stark, to tell him that everything was fine, that Peter was finally
'If we were bed sharing, I'd make damn sure we were in it at the same time,' Steve muttered, without thinking. Before he could panic about being so forward, Barnaby laughed again, a blush spreading over his cheeks. So apparently he could be smooth, just by accident. Is that how it worked for Bucky? He always said Steve overthought flirting.
'Hey, honey,' Steve's voice; as full as warmth and love as ever, whispering in the way he did when he didn't want to wake Tony up fully. 'I'm sorry I left you all alone. How you holding up?'
Floundering for a lie, Steve was saved by the office door finally opening; a good half hour after their appointed time. Steve scrambled to his feet, feeling Howard Stark's dark, glowering eyes on him, looking him up and down. He turned on his heel and went back into the room, jerking his head to make Steve follow him.
Tony shrugged. ‘I don’t think a flower should get called a weed just because it’s better at being a plant than other plants.’
Steve sighed. It hurt when Bucky did this, as if Steve hadn't been going over and over it continuously in his head, especially since meeting Barnaby. He hadn't dared let himself text. He also hadn't dared tell Bucky or Sarah that he had met his soulmate, because he knew they would force him to call the whole thing off. Because Barnaby was his soulmate, that
'No,' Tony held up a hand to stop him. 'I put a gun in my mouth, Steve, did Thor tell you that? The same night. Didn't want to see a sunrise without you.' He swiped his hand over his eyes. Steve said nothing, couldn't say anything, wished he could reach out- 'But I thought about how upset you looked that day at the forge. How scared you looked. It stopped me pulling the trigger.'
'Barbara?' Steve repeated, mortification uncurling in his gut. He shouldn't have assumed. He should have checked pronouns or something -
, but didn't try to stop Tony from falling into step alongside him. They continued along the street.
'Well, we couldn't have done this, that's for sure,' Steve said, and actually cracked a smile. 'Been in love. Out in the open.'
When, however, she awoke again as dawn was breaking and found the bed still empty beside her, she began to get a little concerned. It must have been a bad one. Peggy pulled a robe on over her night dress and headed downstairs to look for him.
'Are you actually going to pay her?' Tony asked. For some reason it was all he could think of to ask.
'Can you send him a message? Tell him everything is fine and no-one's hurt, but ask him if he can come home right away.' Tony hoped that they could avoid Steve realising what was happening until he was safely home. It was going to be hard enough for him to hear it from them; it would be worse if he came across the recording unexpectedly.
'Let me help,' Tony repeated, and Steve did, despite the burning feeling of humiliation that seared through him at having to have his shoe laces tied for him like a child. Of course, he could have just worn his calfskin boots. He always used to wear them to work, saving the shoes for trials and Sunday best. But since the incident with Fisk, since finding out that shoelaces were nearly impossible with his temperamental arm, he had worn them almost every day. Every day he didn't felt like another victory for the corrupt old mayor, who had so nearly taken everything from him.
'Ron Stephenson, Mr Stark.' When the name drew no recognition, the man elaborated. 'I come in three times a week. I'm your housekeeper.'
'Come on now,' she said, as soothingly as she could manage, gently pushing on his chest. 'Go back to sleep. Things will feel better in the morning.'
wasn't fair. Bucky had always been there for him, done everything he could to help out. Steve couldn't resent him just because fate had dealt him a better hand. He selected a can of soda from the fridge, trying to decide whether the tightness in his chest was anger or asthma. Bucky had followed him into the kitchen.
She didn't need to say anything else. They sat, and she held her hot water bottle and ate her chocolate, and Steve put his arm round her, and they watched a movie. If she was tense with remembering, they didn't say anything. If his hands kept clenching in anger over what had happened to her, she pretended not to notice. For now, it was fine to just sit in the warm, and not think.
'Yep,' Steve had said, settling himself onto Tony's couch. 'I'm going to sit right here on your enormous couch and watch all the shows you hate on your enormous TV.'
Steve nodded and sat back up, scanning the crowd. 'Got him,' he said. 'It's okay, he's going to dance. I don't think he noticed you.'
He was down the steps and in front of the dumbfounded cops before anyone in the audience realised that he was done. One of them finally stepped forward, cuffed him, probably read him his rights, but the room was too loud with shouted questions and excited reactions for Tony to hear. It was a relief when they shoved him through the backstage door, into the relative quiet.
Except something was obviously on Tony's mind. They'd both gotten clingy, spending their first few minutes back together gently checking the other for injuries, reassuring themselves that the last few weeks hadn't caused any permanent damage, before spending the following hours sticking close to one another, getting used to being back in one another's space. They were always the same after a separation. And yet, even as they sat nestled together, Steve running his hand gently through Tony's hair, he couldn't get him to relax. Tony was restless, seemingly unable to get comfortable, repeatedly glancing at the clock.
'Come on,' he said, irritably, getting to his feet. 'Let's go make sure your kid isn't stuck to the ceiling or something.'
And Steve did. Slowly, his grip loosened, and Tony slid to the floor. His gasps of air, however, were lost. Peter was crying, and the sound was loud enough to fill the room, drowning out all other noise in the wail that could only come from some very full, very healthy lungs.
Steve looked back at the painting one last time, at the lines of yearning, and beauty, and joy, and pain, at all the things he couldn't have, and said, 'Hope.'
They were marching him towards the closet door. The youngest of their little band of merry men, looking as if he was barely more than a child and as if he knew he was in way over their head, was standing holding the padlock and key with shaking hands. Following a barked order from his superior, he opened the lock, pulled away the chains and bars, and wrenched the door open.
They had cancelled Peter's party on the ward for this. In the end, Stark had been adamant – he was coming to see Peter, and just Peter. The more kids that were there, the more chance there was of proof of his identity coming out. So Peter had been moved to a tiny private room tucked into a corner of the hospital, looking out into the courtyard where the hospital kept the bins and took deliveries, and hardly anyone passed by in the corridor outside. True to form, Peter had not complained once. Then again, the move seemed to have tired him out; now the excitement of the gifts had faded, he was barely awake, nuzzled into Steve's side. He was wheezing, even though they were sitting still. Steve listened to his breathing, but decided no, there was no need for medical intervention just yet. He shifted slightly, making Peter sit more upright, hoping it would be enough to ease the strain on his chest. He started running his fingers gently through Peter's hair. Peter curled into him a little more.
, or introduce some safety measures. His lab floor was now covered in sprayed yellow lines marking a safe distance away from anything electrical, hot, sparky or explosive, and he'd invested in some child-size googles and protective clothing.
'That's a good point, actually. No-one knows you sang it first. Probably one of the composers sold it on to Eartha Kitt. Or she was there at the gala and saw you perform.'
'It's not just the bird,' Peter said, shaking his head. 'That's just what's easiest to see. There's all sorts of crazy-pants stuff going on over there. Not just time loops, all sorts of time disruptions. Things getting old and rotting and coming back again. Time moving faster or slower. And... more stuff is coming through.'
Once the door was locked, it fell completely silent. Either sound was being muffled by the heavy door or the men on the other side were neither moving nor speaking, and barely breathing. Possibly, probably, it was a combination of both.
'Yes, sir.' Jarvis replied. 'I also have the results of the background check. Would you like to hear the contents of Captain Rogers' Shield personnel file?'
'Defended you,' Steve said, before realising that Barnaby had meant if he had been faced with his own evil ex. To be honest, if she turned up, he didn't know what he would have done. Asked her if what they had done counted as sex, maybe.
, ever since he had woken up, but neither the doctors nor his dad would let him get out of bed, let alone leave the hospital.
At the bottom of the card was the pressed head of a red rose – for love, Steve remembered, definitely love – and on each of the petals, in delicate ink, was the digit of a phone number.
'Thanks,' Steve said, in his ordinary voice, and moved away to the fridge to finish getting the juice like nothing had happened.
'Fine. Then just tell me one thing. If she was here, young, pretty, ready to go ease those regrets of yours; would you? Would you choose me or her?'
Except, of course, he wouldn't. Peter getting bigger wasn't going to be a problem. So he smiled, told Peter to put his ever-present phone safely into his coat pocket and set off.
He reached the top level of windows, but he couldn't see Steve or Mr Stark, just the dark inside of a bedroom. Worried, he turned slowly and followed the wall sideways until he saw the monster standing in Mr Stark's living room, like he didn't have a care in the world. Peter hit the glass angrily, but even the sound of it was carried away by the wind.
The worst part was, it was toying with him. With each delay he would slow down, stay a steady distance ahead, casually destroying whatever was around him while he waited for Steve to catch up. This was a game, it was all about getting Steve's attention. Steve couldn't risk denying him that, as he did not want to enrage him further. He took two deep breaths and started to run again.
A doctor had come back in and was talking to his dad in the corner. Peter strained to hear but all he caught was that they were talking about 'inexplicable anomalies' in his blood. Peter shook his head.
Tony snorted at that. 'I hope not. If we wait until you're too decrepit to move, there'd be no fun in having you in the house all day.'
'Morning,' Steve nodded. 'Okay, Mr Stark, stay out of trouble now, you hear? Keep that ribbon.' It was a flimsy cover, but as Tony said, his reputation as a drunk ought to be good for
what the blemishes meant, Steve was sure of it now. It wasn't a love being forced on him by the Universe, it was a love being given to him. Maybe, it he was healthy, he would have thought he was favoured rather than cursed. This, to find a love he couldn't have, to be offered a gift he couldn't accept, felt like the cruellest possible thing. And Bucky wasn't helping.
On a side note, thank you everyone who had writer's block tips! My original work is going much better, and I finished the section I was stuck on, but I'm going to try and alternate between working on that or this.
'I seem to remember telling you that you were allowed to die a week after me. I changed my mind. You're not allowed to die, ever.'
The longest he had gone without sleep was nine days, the same week he had been on the mission that had left him without food. He'd been fed when he finally arrived back at base, but had been forced to go through several long debriefs after that, and then Dugan had been injured and he had sat up waiting for news. He'd slept for a full 24 hours afterwards, and had felt refreshed. In the back of his mind, he wondered whether lack of sleep would ever kill him, even if he tried to stay awake for the rest of his life.
In the end, they never reached the playground. They'd just passed through the park gates when a car rolled to a halt on the street behind them, pulling over right on the double yellows, and Stark stepped out.
Eventually, when he could see the horses had had enough of a fuss and were ready to move, Steve took his indicated seat up next to the driver, who started talking him the ropes; how driving a pair of horses was different to normal riding, how to direct the horses and keep them on a steady course, how to spur them on, slow them down, get them to stop. Soon after they were away, making their way at a measured pace around the park. For a while it absorbed all Steve's attention, but soon he became aware of the tap-tapping sound again, and he turned around to grin at Tony.
For a moment, he actually thought he had gotten through. Stark's eyes seemed to clear, but then cloud back into confusion. He wondered again if Stark was on something, some drug Steve didn't know about, but then he blinked and the haze had gone, replaced with cocky amusement.
Except he could hear them. He could hear them, echoing over and over from Tonys who stood a full foot shorter than him, who were old, young, Latino, students, baristas, mutants – endless versions. And, Steve knew, he had said and thought those words countless times himself, old and young, in English, in German, in Swahili, in space, in ancient Greece, in kitchens and coffee houses and high schools and prisons. It was like they kept missing each other. Like they couldn't get it right.
, that this was the only option, they finally got to work on his listing. They were going to put it up on all the websites they could, and hope someone bit. The notes they made were not encouraging.
For some reason, it was only in that moment that he suddenly realised that Barnaby hadn't contacted him, either. Not so much as an
No. There wouldn't be blood. It had only been twenty-two days, right? Twenty-three, max. Then again, she had been working a lot on a project lately, and the days tended to blur into one, but it couldn't be that time again, it was too soon-
. They had only been dating for four months back then, but if Tony had known dating Cap would turn into such an ego boost, he would have started things a lot sooner.
'Oh, no thanks, Mrs R. I just came by to drop these off, my ma said I can't take no for an answer. It's just some bread, milk, eggs.'
Steve was focused on Tony, not Pepper. He looked shocked. He didn't say anything. Wait, was Steve homophobic? He had never
'Now it's really your turn, Barnes,' he challenged. 'Come on, we told you ours. Worst decision you ever made, go.'
'I'm not big on draft beer,' Barnaby replied. 'I just wanted to impress you with how manly and cool I am.'
It was no good. Steve just didn't get it. Here he was, with first hand knowledge of how horrible losing part of yourself was, and his teachers were asking him to pretend to be someone who
Gradually, it worked. His colour selections changed. His shapes changed from angry splodges to controlled strokes. He thought about Barnaby, about laughing with him in the diner, about his eyes, about how he had looked hunched under the table, about dancing with him. More and more of the anger got painted over, got blended into everything else, until it was just a baseline in the music Steve was painting. Soon, he lost himself completely, pouring everything he felt onto the canvas.
It wasn't an invasion of privacy, exactly. It was just that Steve was a perfectionist and Tony... well, if he was honest, Tony was a lovestruck fool. So yes, secretly going through his boyfriend's waste paper basket before he let the bots take it to recycling probably wasn't the
'Steve?' Peter said, uncertainly. He never missed anything. Steve quickly went back to smiling. 'What's wrong?'
'You know,' Bucky said, a few days later. 'If you go through with this, you're not going to be able to keep wearing that shirt.'
By the end of the second day, every single available Avenger had been drafted in to help keep Peter still during nappy changes. None of them were pleased about it, though Clint was pretty chilled and Thor was happy to help, merely confused by the purpose of the nappies themselves. Tony didn't know how they potty trained on Asgard, and decided not to ask.
The blank page stared back at Steve, utterly remorseless. He supposed he ought to be grateful that his English and History teachers had agreed he could use this for part of his make-up grade in both classes, but he
. He went back to his own drink, slurping hastily, scanning the skyline. Maybe he could see the tower from here. But no, there were too many high rises in this part of the city.
Steve touched his nose tentatively. It was bleeding, but no, he didn't think it was broken. Apparently Ty wasn't much more of a brawler than Steve was. The more pressing problem was his stomach. The alcohol would have irritated it enough, but now it had been sloshed around and was churning –
He woke up already fighting, his body struggling on autopilot against the creatures holding him down, clamping him into heavy restraints. One of the Skrulls smiled nastily.
Steve barely had time to flinch before Thor had reached through the bars and lifted Stone by the shirt collar.
text. Steve had assumed that, like him, Barnaby was dealing with whatever he had going on that had stopped him from kissing Steve that night, but what evidence did he actually have of that? Just that his blemish had lit up at Barnaby's touch? Barnaby didn't even
Steve nodded. 'Thanks,' he said, and headed for the door. Peggy climbed to her feet too, catching his wrist.
'Hey,' Tony said, eventually, his turn to smirk now. 'Which shoes was it, anyway?' And he laughed as Steve blushed all over again.
had been sent to guard the perimeter and keep anyone else from coming into the area. The fact he was calling made Tony think that Peter had very much not done that.
Sarah had agonised over making a good impression, trying on outfit after outfit, testing out everything she owned or could borrow in every possible combination before she settled on one. She got up an hour early to do her hair and make up, and Steve had sat on her bed, watching her apply it all, trying to ignore the weight of guilt filling up his stomach. So much for providing for himself. His mom still had to do everything for him.
Horrified, Tony almost tripped over his own feet. He'd been thinking about killing the Captain, visualising it in detail.
The pain from his Sheriff self was still in his guts, even while his heart was on fire. Was this what his Tony felt? Was this what Steve was doing to him?
A traditional charity marriage follows five set steps, sometimes called 'The Five Meetings'. Each stage must be passed to the mutual satisfaction of both parties before the marriage will take place. The steps are:
He had a crap ton of therapy. It turned out he was a bag full of issues, some of which had nothing to do with Venom at all.
'Okay, chipmunk,' he said, with as much cheerfulness in his voice as he could muster. 'Let's go sit on the couch. I've heard there's a risk of holes in my garden.' And if his voice trembled, Peter didn't notice.
run, if he was doing it for Tony – but held himself back. He was already coming on way too strong; there was no need to do it with the force of a hurricane. So he paced instead, waiting, trying to get rid of some of his excess energy.
And the haunted look in his eyes was enough to convince Tony that Osborn was, for once, being sincere.
so I'm just trying to keep people away from the rift, but that means I can't go in and check it out properly-'
'Steve,' Dr Moore said gently. 'You aren't the first grieving parent- sorry, carer- to ask me that. And I'm going to tell you what I tell all of them. First of all, I am very sceptical of the truth about those stories. If they're true, it would have been a medical and scientific marvel. Don't forget, for a long time Captain America was purely a propaganda icon, a marketing device. I wouldn't be surprised if they did that demonstration and the skinny guy got in the pod, slipped through a trap door, and the real soldier took his place. It may well have been sleight of hand, not science.' Steve opened his mouth to protest, but Dr Moore continued as if she hadn't noticed. 'But alright, let's say for the sake of argument that this really did occur, and did work like they say, and cured every illness going, made this guy into the peak of human health and fitness. All documents related to the formula are highly classified. I know because I've checked. And as far as I can tell, they're incomplete. Dr Erskine, the man who allegedly made the formula, supposedly always feared about it falling into enemy hands, and failed to commit vital details to paper. And even if you somehow pieced that together, you would still need these 'vita rays' that were the other half of the equation.'
It felt like a very long ride, though it was probably only seconds. He positioned himself to the side of the door, shield up and ready, and as soon as they opened threw himself through, expecting attack at any moment.
Steve wasn't sure how long it had taken, or, indeed, exactly what had happened. Tony had removed the bullets, and repaired the shattered bones and ligaments with metal rods and wires and hinges before sewing him shut again. No-one had been sure if it would work, especially when Steve had spent the next month fighting fever and infection. He didn't remember much about that time, except for the sound of Tony singing on that first night.
and then got down on one knee to propose. I knew it couldn't be you, not the day after a fight with the Skrulls. You're way too stubborn to change opinion that fast.'
'Right there.' The clerk barely looked at him, waving to shelving unit on his right and continuing on his way. So it was the boxes after all. This did not help very much either.
She remembered the bucket in the corner of the cell being kicked over, splashing onto her shoes. The room had stunk - even more than before - for days.
Steve had wondered if they were dating, or interested in each other. Rhodes had corrected this notion in the strongest terms of disgust. Steve had seemed very happy, according to Rhodey.
A moment later, the young man was quietly and efficiently hustled outside by two of the wait staff who looked more like hired goons. His phone was left abandoned on the table. Nobody touched it. Stark resumed his leg stroking until Steve 'accidentally' kicked him in the shin. Stark laughed.
'This!' Tony said, waving the list, annoyed beyond belief that Steve was acting like he didn't get it, like he hadn't been at least emotionally cheating -
'We need to talk about how you're going to thank me,' he said. 'Let's see, you came to dinner with me just because I spent five minutes with Peter on his birthday. So now I've spent days in the lab, broken into some top-security bases of research, used some highly confidential material and saved your kid's life. So, if dinner is equal to five minutes of my time, I would say that little piece of work definitely entitles me to...' He paused, delicately, greedily eyeing Steve up and down before choosing his next word. '...
the enemy, 9 year old Tony had been very much against the idea of being sent to school, and had made his objections known rather forcibly. Now aged 11, he couldn't believe he had been such a baby.
Steve didn't even apologise, he was too busy looking around with a wide-eyed, flustered stare. 'What song is this?' He demanded.
Steve glanced at his phone. Would Stark contact the Make-a-Wish Foundation to let them know when he was coming? Or would he tell the hospital? Was he even going to show up?
better,' Peter protested. He didn't get why his dad didn't understand. Mr Stark had fixed him, and everything Mr Stark did would work like it was meant to. But then he had been really sick, and probably dying, so maybe his dad just hadn't managed to turn off the worry part of his brain yet. He wished Mr Stark was still here, so he could explain.
'What is this about?' He shouted, trying to distract the creature. 'You want to talk to me? Turn round and talk!'
The whole thing had been so laughably simple, a ripped-off version of something Stark Industries had put out shortly before Tony had shut it all down. It was so easy to get through that he almost expected it to be a trap, but besides half a dozen guards that were quickly stopped by a blast from a repulsor beam and a few locked and hidden doors, Tony barely encountered any resistance. He was in and out before a single alarm went off.
It slipped out without his meaning it to. He didn't even need to hear Steve's response to know, at least roughly, what it was going to be.
He had been planning to save that little reveal for later, but it was worth it just to see how quickly Steve turned to face him, looking shocked. Tony waited for him to open his mouth to speak, then jumped in first.
'Electrical failure,' Jarvis said, in its same neutral voice, empty of expression. Unable to believe his luck, Peter kept climbing. Every so often, Jarvis reminded him 'You are intruding,' but now that he didn't have anything to use as a threat, Peter didn't mind so much. It was a good distraction from how high he was.
'Yeah,' Tony said, cuddling Peter closer to him. 'Don't worry, bean. I'll protect you from Papa's unsavoury ways.'
, because he knew Peter was happier than he had been possibly in the entirety of his short little life. He would have had dinner with Stark every night for the rest of time if it would keep that happiness going forever. Once was nothing. It was just dinner.
Steve did know, because he felt the same way about Tony, and he had said so. Tony had kept hold of his hand, rubbing his thumb in gentle circles over Steve's skin, until he had fallen back to sleep.
'Yeah,' Barnaby said. 'But be careful. Don't want you getting up close and personal with the pavement.' He rested a steadying hand on Steve's back, and somehow that felt more intimate than every other touch they had shared that evening. Steve turned to look at him. They were more or less eye to eye now, leaning in closer and closer.
It was almost an hour after their last tête-à-tête in the hallway outside Peter's room. It had taken them that long to process what was happening, to coax Peter down off the wall, hear his story ('
It had been late. He hadn't been able to sleep, too excited about his work and college. He had decided to go to the lab. Yes, of course he had known it was after curfew, but he had gone anyway. He had got to the lab and found his key wasn't in there. He knew he couldn't ask for a teacher to let him in until morning, so he had gone to the library. That was why the boys in his dorm had said he wasn't in the room when the fire alarm went off. He had been in the library, and when the fire alarm had gone off he had waited until there was a reasonable flow of students and gone out with them, so he wouldn't be missed at the roll call. He'd had no idea that the lab was on fire, he hadn't known there was an actual fire at all. Miss Friday had probably thought it was him in the lab because, yes, normally it would be. But that night, it wasn't, it wasn't, it wasn't.
But he was there. As one of the women turned for a better view, Steve saw Tony Stark sitting on the couch that ran along the walls, wearing sunglasses even in the dark room, the light in his chest casting the area around him in a ghostly blue aura. He had a blonde girl on one knee seemingly
That said, if Steve and he had been here all alone – but Tony couldn't let his thoughts go any further down that route. Even if he was irrationally convinced that
'This is Director Fury of Shield,' he said. 'We just want to talk. Come quietly and no-one needs to get hurt.'
Steve jumped, realising with a start that the two horses had indeed become very interested in the hand that held the bag. He shot a questioning look at the driver, who nodded.
Despite it being Christmas Eve, the streets were pretty quiet – it seemed they had caught it in the sweet spot between the last of the last minute shoppers dashing home and the first of the festive revellers coming out. Tony trotted along, focused on their destination, his hand in Steve's, the grip awkward between their thick gloves, but neither of them let go. After a few minutes, they turned into the comparative darkness of the park.
It wasn't going to work. There was no rise and fall in Peter's chest, no change. The mask started to fog slightly as the air built up inside it. Steve stroked his hair.
It wasn't fine. Once Peter had gone to wait for Steve in the lounge, Tony couldn't resist. He went to Twitter, and sure enough Captain America was trending. Everyone was saying how it was
Steve stepped out of the foyer, having clearly been waiting by the door. He was wearing a pale blue buttoned shirt, khaki trousers, and a frown. Tony wound down the window.
Yinsen died in the doorway to their cell, buying him a few extra seconds to get the suit online and operational. Tony got all the way out into that scorching desert sun, and he flew up and away and the hell out of there.
This wasn't fun any more. They'd searched the entire building, and the Captain hadn't let him kill anybody. They hadn't found Peter, and now the Captain was yelling.
'That, uh, doesn't actually mean much,' Steve said, tentatively. Pepper rounded on him. At least it wasn't just Tony getting screamed at this time.
'I will be submitting to the authorities for arrest and trial. A trial which I am fully aware is a damn sight more than my victims got. No-one deserved to die over a stolen packet of cigarettes.' His voice cracked, and he swallowed, determined to get to the end. 'I will not be employing a lawyer unless the state insists on appointing one for me. If this is the case, I will cover the bill myself to avoid placing any more monetary burden on our legal aid system. Iron Man did not give people the opportunity to defend themselves. There will be no tricks, no bribery, just an honest investigation into what I did. Thank you.'
'You will be invited, sure enough!' Thor said, too excited to let the couple answer for themselves. 'And you will treasure the invitation forever, for it will be - ' He stifled himself quickly. No need to ruin the surprise just yet. (The invitations would be designed and laid out as if it was one of Stark's blue prints, and bound with a Celtic knot in honour of the Captain's Irish ancestry; and as a symbol of their eternal love). 'You must be patient!' He said instead. 'They haven't even had time to -' He reminded himself at the last moment that Midgardians had all sorts of peculiar sexual hang ups, and that the last time he had asked the Captain if he had enjoyed full satisfaction in his explorations of Stark's body the polite enquiry had not been well received. So, cutting himself off again, he said '...enjoy their engagement.'
'I want you to meet my friends,' Peggy had said, when they sat out in on the back step of the Jarvis' cottage one afternoon. It was almost the end of summer, the sort of time where the heat was most intense at sunset, when Tony's skin Italian skin had tanned so brown that he
'Oh.' For a second Barnaby looked hurt, devastated, but then it slipped from his face to be replaced by a cold, blank mask. 'Sorry. I didn't realise there was someone else.'
seeing him. And as he looked over at them in confusion, Tony caught sight of himself in the mirror behind the counter and suddenly understood why.
‘Why do mine never look any good?’ Tony complained. Steve was barely listening. Tony had told him this was his last day of school before summer break. Tomorrow morning, he would be flying out to spend the vacation with his mother at some European resort and wouldn’t be back until school restarted. Which meant Steve needed to get his number, today. Except every time he tried to ask, he lost his nerve. Besides, Tony hadn’t asked for his either, so maybe he didn’t want it. It couldn’t be shyness; Tony usually oozed confidence. Except when he was holding a handful of mismatched flowers that were already wilting because he’d forgotten to keep the ends wet.
'Tomorrow,' Steve said, nodding to a young couple just passing by. Right. No confidential information to be discussed on a public bench. 'You need to take better care of yourself, Tony. I know you like your work, but you're a grown man. You can't run yourself into the ground like this. It's irresponsible.'
(‘But, you know what they say – love finds a way. In this case, a courier with his arms full of flowers.’)
After a few minutes basking in the blissful cold by the door, it occurred to Tony that nobody had yet acknowledged him or come to see what he wanted. In fact, if anything, the two baristas (did you still call them baristas in a bubble tea shop?) seemed to be deliberately
And the Captain America thing was annoying too. Maybe Tony saw his armour as part of himself, but for Steve Captain America was a role he put on just like he put on the suit. If it was Captain America Tony wanted, of course he was going to be disappointed by plain old Steve Rogers. It wasn't Steve's fault if Tony was ten steps ahead of him. He couldn't help how he felt, and it would be worse if he lied about it.
'Da,' Peter said, looking him dead in the eye with a serious expression and, oh heck, Tony would actually die if his heart kept swelling like this, 'Da.' He tapped on Steve's knee.
They did, and Steve paused in his efforts to try and take in his surroundings. Clearly he was on the Skrulls' ship or base. He hoped it wasn't a ship. He knew how drastically his chance of escape fell once he was off the planet's surface.
Back then, Steve had been living in a six feet square room just behind his office. It had a bed, a closet, a desk and chair, and a wash stand. Steve had thought this was quite sufficient to his wants. Tony had strongly disagreed, and one night, heavy in drink, had tried to buy him a house. Steve had been forced to lock him in a cell after all, that night, until the effects of the drink had worn off.
So even though they didn't believe him, even though they said it was too soon, and that the pains were just the baby moving, Steve knew differently. He insisted Mary needed to get the midwife right away. Then he found out most women these days had to go to the midwife at the hospital, not the other way around – his mother would roll in her grave – and so Steve had physically picked her up, put her in the car, and told Richard in his best Captain America voice to drive them to the hospital, now. At first Mary thought it was funny, that he was making a fuss over nothing. Then it started to hurt, really hurt, and she began to be afraid. Even though Steve hadn't driven since 1941, he made Richard swap places with him. He drove them, fast as he could, to the hospital; and Richard climbed in the back, trying to keep Mary calm.
. Tony had noticed before, with some delight, how rarely Steve had to shave his face; but he hardly ever had to get a haircut either. It seemed like some side effect of the serum was that hair didn't really grow on Steve, which was
Tony laughed. 'Never knew you were such a pedant. So, how come it's such a big secret? If I as Captain America everyone would know about it. Worried some faceless government corporation is going to come and start running experiments on you? Because if so, I have some things to tell you about Shield, sweetpea.'
As his mom and the doctors explained what had happened - a transient ischaemic attack, TIA, or mini-stroke caused by his heart conditions, blah blah blah, as if Steve hadn’t been through this at least three times before – Steve’s mind was already racing ahead. Tony hadn’t left a number and his mom hadn’t thought to ask, but Steve knew where Tony would be in September. He would just have to cut his last class of the day, or maybe skip the whole first day of school, and get the bus over to Tony’s school and wait by the gates until Tony appeared and then, and then - everything.
'We say our prayers, and I think 'just one more day. If we can have just one more day, then it'll be enough. I'll be alright with it if I can have just one more day with him'. That's what I think, but then I think the same thing the next day, and the next day, and then you get a day like today and you realise... it is never going to be enough. We're not going to get enough.' His voice was shaking.
'Should be somewhere here,' Tony said, and as they reached the brow of the slight incline the footpath had taken them up, he said, 'Aha! There. Merry Christmas, Steve.'
'This little feud is going to get the both of you into serious trouble someday,' Meredith said. 'You know, he's the next smartest in this school after you.'
Barnaby's smile was almost as intoxicating as his eyes. Steve couldn't look at it for too long, so bright it was painful. He smiled at his beer instead, and drank some more.
'I hope whoever invented obligations steps on a whole bunch of Lego,' Barnaby agreed. 'Can I at least give you my number? In case things change.'
'Well, my mom always told me not to be rude,' Steve nodded. And then the reality seemed to sink in more, and he leaned over to gently kiss Tony's cheek, making the other man hum happily.
And this was the one I had to rewrite after losing a section to technical issues >.< Hopefully you still enjoy it. I didn't know how to end the scene, so I decided, 'When in doubt, let them make out'. Let's call it a recovery after seeing such sad boys in the trailer yesterday...
'Only if it's you doing the convincing,' Bucky said, getting a laugh in return as The Diva slipped the dark green
Tony shook his head, getting loose from Steve's hand and burying his face into his knees again. 'Don't want him,' he said. 'I just want you.'
'I am, I guess,' Bucky said. 'I'm just worried about you, stupid punk. What if he's some horrible controlling guy who won't even let us hang out?'
'I figured that out from how you hid under the table,' Steve replied, downing more of the beer. He needed to go slow, he knew that, but it was so nice to be doing this; flirting over drinks with a stranger who actually seemed to be interested. It was so
'It's actually from the day he crashed the plane,' Peter said. 'It's him, well, it's him saying goodbye to Peggy. It's this super private conversation, but it's all over the internet, Twitter's blowing up with it, and I just – Steve is going to freak out, Dad, this is going to really upset him.'
It had been a struggle, getting Peter. They'd already been trying to go through the process for adoption when they had found him, still alive and hidden under a pile of clothes after a super villain had decided to use his family's front room as a headquarters, slaughtering everyone who got in the way. Peter had been crying, but he had calmed down when he caught sight of the Iron Man armour, interest overtaking his fear of the strange noises. He'd been barely two months old then, so the birth certificate they found later said. Steve had carried him to safety cradled against his chest. On some level, they'd known then, Tony thought; but it was only when they found out he had no other living family that either of them had said it out loud:
before asking Santa to keep an eye on her and make sure she isn't cheating; or the bit when you ask for a stocking full of bullets for the boys. Honestly I'm not sure which is creepier. Probably the girl thing. But then, how many bullets would fit in a stocking anyway? Did you ever-'
'I'm not making weapons for you, Fury,' he said. 'I don't do that any more. And I'm not doing any studies with Venom that involve re-infecting me or anyone else. If you try to make me I'm going back to the cops and doing the twenty-five years.'
He wiped his nose one last time and then his eyes for good measure and stood up. He was done crying. It was time to get out of here.
Steve’s heart was hammering so hard it was stopping him from thinking straight. He took a deep, shaky breath. If he freaked out Peter was going to get scared, or think he was in trouble. Steve tried his best to keep his voice steady.
. He could have ignored it, carried on waiting for Stark to show, rejected the deal, gone through with the marriage and helped a lot of people, but he didn't. He answered the phone. How could he not answer? Apparently even monsters were capable of love at first sight.
There it ended. Tony could just imagine Steve being shocked with himself for thinking about someone's ass, crumpling the paper up and throwing it away in shame and frustration. What he was having a harder time imagining, however, was
'Is it that loud?' He asked, and his voice was drowned out. Ah. That was probably why Jarvis had asked if the hearing aids were for him. 'Okay, take it down twenty percent.' The music dropped.
'You realise that your photo is in literally every history book, right?' Tony asked, because it sounded considerably less stalker-y than 'I ran a full background check and hacked Shield', and he didn't think the Captain would be into that.
Stark held up a hand to stop the flow of his speech, shooing the girls off his knees and sending the whole pack of them back towards the bar. Then he leered at Steve. There really was no other word for it.
Steve had wanted to cry at that, but he didn't, because Richard broke down at that point and Steve needed to keep things together for his friend. And that was how the day that Peter was born ended.
, before the serum, when every winter the cold would wreak havoc with his asthma, and some breaths were like swallowing knives. Was that what Peter felt like all the time? Damn.
'You know I have other friends,' Tony pointed out. He was definitely popular, anyone in school would be glad to hang out with him. Okay, so, he had maybe four actual friend-friends, but still. Well, two, if you didn't count Ana and Jarvis. But definitely not none, which was the point here. 'Anyway, you aren't leaving until December. The
Steve should say no. He knew he was just putting himself in the path of temptation. But he couldn't say no, he couldn't stand the thought of never hearing Barnaby's voice again, denying himself all hope. So he nodded, and they exchanged numbers, and then they stood together in silence, admiring the view and watching the city change beneath them until they were both frozen.
But as Steve looked out into the yard, he realised that the only other windows that faced it were offices and store rooms, their blinds tightly closed. Stark was low enough in the sky that this show was very much for Peter's eyes only.
'She gets a good wage, better than the industry standard,' Stark said. 'But not as much as I'm going to be paying for you, my marvel of modern medicine.'
'We cleared out the whole place! Do you know how much time we've wasted?! What they could have done to him?!'
'You're Captain America,' he said sleepily, fighting to keep his eyes open as he cuddled nearer. 'I saw you on TV. But you died ages ago.' His words were barely audible.
It soon became obvious that Stark had no intention of telling Steve the whats, whys and hows. His main goal, it seemed, was to keep repeating to Steve that he had saved Peter's life, as if Steve somehow hadn't been grateful enough. When Steve had tried to ask about side effects he had been downright brusque. Equally, when Steve had asked whether the medicine could help other children, Stark had just said it was 'impossible', and gone back to talking about how he had, single handedly, saved Peter.
His mom laughed, and Bucky left. Steve lay in bed, feeling the gut wrenching feeling of shame and guilt wash over him, way more painful than whatever was wrong with him this time. He was the man of the house, he ought to be the one taking care of his mom, and yet time after time they ended up relying on Bucky. It was bad enough that his mom insisted on him going to art school, so his only income came from the jobs he could fit around class while she worked every hour under the sun; it was worse that he was so damn sickly that he'd wind up stuck in bed a few weeks every winter, not doing anything.
Peter did his best, biggest smile; which was hardly any different to the one he had been wearing ever since Iron Man had turned up outside. Stark inspected the picture.
,' Tony said, feeling like he was drowning under the torrent of words. The request came out terse, harsher than he wanted. He could feel his heart pounding in his ears. Steve's face fell.
disagree,' Tony replied, finally getting a grip on himself. He hadn't been laughing at Steve, it had just been a laugh of relief and joy. Now, however, he had more pressing feelings to deal with. Now they were no longer charged with emotions and negative connotations, he was able to analyse the underwear more critically. He stretched them out again, looking at Steve through the lace work, who groaned at the sight of them.
'I didn't want it to be today,' Steve said, at last. 'You know, every night when we say our prayers-'
Steve nodded, wishing she would come to the point. He had worked with Romanov once or twice. She was efficient and effective in the field, and he trusted her to do what needed to be done. But they weren’t friends, and just then he wasn’t interested in small talk.
(trigger warning for a brief passing mention of suicide and a focus on homophobic/biphobic attitudes in the past. This chapter only.)
The remark startled a laugh out of Tony, cut off short by a roar of pleasure from Hulk next door. Thor was doing well today.
– and wrapped his arms around him as best as he could, pulling him close. For a second, Tony was stiff, but then relaxed, nuzzling his face into Steve's shoulder.
The terrifying darkness was gone as the scene played out in his mind's eye; a meteor crashing all the way out here in the desert of planet Earth, bringing the creature with it, dropping it under the sun.
Peter's eyes were full of confusion, however, and now they moved uncertainly towards Steve slumped in the chair. Tony didn't want him to look at
Gently, Steve lifted his chin. 'You're going to be just fine, Bar, I promise. Just... just arrange to meet this guy again when you're sober. Do it tomorrow. As soon as you can.'
They had dinner. It was good. He and Richard played chess for all of five minutes before Mary asked if they could play something she could join in with. So they played Clue and Hungry Hungry Hippos. Steve won both games; and he didn't
Richard and Mary had died just a few months later. They had temporarily gone back to field work, some important mission 'from before' that Steve didn't have the clearance to know about, and they never came back. From that day on, Steve was all Peter had, and Peter was all he had.
The transition was gentle this time. Before it was like riding the rapids, crashing through different identities until he caught on one, but now it was like drifting in, riding a raft on a calm sea on a sunny day. Perhaps it was because he knew exactly where he was going this time. He had felt it there, throbbing with pain, ever since this experience had begun. He fiddled with the cufflinks, trying to get them done up.
But maybe it had been long enough. Dragging his eyes open, Peter peered towards the door. Any second now, his dad and Iron Man would come bursting in to rescue him. Any second now. Any second...
There could be no more delays. Tony pushed through the door onto the stage and was immediately assaulted by the flashes of cameras as he came and stood before the assembled press. There had been a time when he would have been introduced by a member of staff, or the head of the organisation. Now he stood there alone, waiting for the clamour to die down.
Steve lifted Peter up, pressing him against his shoulder. He could feel Peter's breath, deep and steady, against his cheek.
Everything would ache, especially his head, which would ache inside and out and feel five stone heavier than it had the last time he had checked. His throat would feel like it had been scratched to ribbons by the hunger clawing its way out of his stomach. He usually had the urgent need for the bathroom, too, but didn't this time- which was not a very good sign. It meant he hadn't taken in enough food or liquids to have any to spare. He realised, suddenly, that despite the heaviness, he also felt light headed, at the same time. He needed food, drink and bed.
‘When assholes like me come in demanding certain colours,’ Tony finished. ‘Oops, sorry. I don’t suppose there’s a
'You do,' Tony said, sitting beside him and looking out at the lake. 'I'll put a mirror over the bed and you can see.'
'Well, the Wish Foundation told him it couldn't be done, and so did I, but... he was so upset. He said he wasn't, but he was. He's never asked me for anything, seriously, never asked me for so much as a candy bar, and, well, I just had to try myself. We wouldn't take much of your time, or, or tell anyone where you were, I just know it would make him so happy if you could-'
Steve looked at him, suspicious. He was looking distinctly scruffy, and it had tipped past the point of being sexily dishevelled and into the point of just being, well, scruffy. His hair was tousled and unwashed, and his clothes had pretty much gone past the point of no return in terms of creases. He was pale, with dark circles under his eyes. He looked like he needed some taking care of.
His teachers had explained to him that they would be looking for different things when they marked. His English teacher would be assessing it as a creative writing piece, looking at how inventive he could be, marking for grammar and quality. His History teacher would be looking for accuracy, detail and facts about the social and legal history of binding. Steve wished he could have just done that part as an essay. He was never any good at creative writing anyway, but now it would probably drag his history mark down too if he couldn't think of any memories heinous enough that someone would choose to voluntarily have them removed.
'Your AI activated a defence mechanism that ejected what was left of Venom out of the vents and straight into Shield custody. They're studying it in the lab, but they'll probably want to talk to you eventually.' Steve hesitated, then continued, 'They've found enough to know that it would have been influencing, probably even making, your decisions for you. None of this was your fault, Stark.'
. He hadn't given it much thought, but he had vaguely assumed they were some sort of female equivalent to a condom.
'Glad you enjoyed it, kid.' Stark looked at him warily. He hadn't gone back to sit on the bed. Steve hadn't had chance to look at his face during the attack, but he knew it must have unnerved the other man. It often took people that way. No-one, however bad they were, liked to be faced with a child suffering. 'Oh, here.' Stark took his phone out of the front pocket of the jacket –
But it was for Peter. He would just have to tell Stark not to bring the girls with him if he agreed.
'You guys are so fun,' he said, happily. 'I like hearing about you, Steve. Before you were all this.' He waved at Steve, trying to somehow encompass his perfection in a single gesture. '
Thor was very proud of his ledger and felt the others would surely be very impressed. Particularly as it would save Stark and the Captain so much time in planning their nuptials, and give them more time to engage in what Thor was certain would be very lively and creative lovemaking. The ledger was full of every kind of wedding, but the one he had planned for them was particularly well-developed and, Thor was confident, perfect.
'Good boy,' Steve said in a low voice, and to his embarrassment Tony let out a little moan. It was the kind of moan that was one step short of ripping his clothes off, lying back on the table and begging
'Sit down,' Steve said, putting the just-washed chopping board back on the table with a glint in his eye.
'Steve!' He said, lighting up with delight and relief, dropping the ice cream cone on the floor. 'There you are! Guess I'm finally done with this guy.'
'Yep, and that's the beer fridge, aka, the best fridge.' Stark made a show of looking at his watch. 'Well, we're about done here. Just one more thing...' he threw himself back on the bed next to Peter again, holding the phone at a high angle. 'Say cheese, Peter.'
It was moments like this Steve liked the most, the moments where Peter was just like any other four year old, excited about his birthday and wolfing down the cereal one of the nurses brought him so he could get to his presents faster. True, they were in a hospital, and yes, Peter did have a coughing fit and need his inhaler after going the few feet from his bed to his locker and back again, but he was still four, and it was his birthday, and there were presents, and that was apparently all he needed for the world to be right.
Steve nodded back, taking two of the cubes out of the bag before shoving the rest firmly back into his pocket. He offered them up to his new friends, trying to ignore the quiet tap-tapping sound that indicated Tony was either taking pictures or possibly even filming on his phone. Steve didn't even try to arrange the goofy grin on his face into something more socially acceptable. He loved horses, and he was intending to make the most of every moment of this gift.
Honestly, until Natasha asked him in a mortified whisper through the bathroom door to go out and buy tampons, Steve had not connected them to
He would never be able to describe how dancing with Barnaby felt. They kept it clean, and decent, and yet every brushing touch made Steve feel like he was lighting up, burning from the inside. He couldn't dance, he knew he couldn't, he knew he was making a mess of it this time too, and yet it felt as if they were moving in perfect synch. It was like his senses were widening, seeing the world for the first time, and yet simultaneously narrowing down so there was nothing but him and this gorgeous stranger. It was like he had swallowed a dozen compasses, and each and every one of them was pulling him towards Barnaby.
A tense morning followed. Peter played alone in his bedroom, Steve looking in on him every so often to make sure he was alright.
Steve wished he could have married Tony properly. He wished he'd kissed him so much sooner. He wish he'd listened about Angela instead of storming off and getting himself hurt. He regretted his actions that had led Tony to break his ribbon, that had hurt him, scared him. But that was it. He supposed it wasn't a bad tally, in a life as long as his.
, to help find his parent's killer, to help the man Steve was convinced was still in there, that was – as Tony had felt at time – apparently a more important friend than the rest of them. Over the weeks it took to locate Bucky, however, the anger had ebbed and he had started to accept what Steve said. Even so, until they actually found him he hadn't completely decided what he was going to do to Bucky. What they'd found was a shell of a person, confused, lost, and just
A chapter in which my English-ness is showing... at least I don't think Christingles are really done in the US. But they're fun and a bit hookey, so I decided to have them make one :) Enjoy!
He turned the water as hot as it could go and sat under it, taking deep breaths until he was able to push the aches and the bruises to the back of his mind, thinking instead about Barnaby, trying to etch deep into his memory how he had looked, how he had smiled, how he had taken Steve's hand and touched his back. He stayed there until his muscles were as loose as they were ever going to get and the shower was starting to run cold, before he reluctantly switched it off and got out, wrapping a towel around himself before hustling back to his room, drying off and digging out clean pyjamas.
Steve shrugged, pulling on his shirt. 'It's not like it's Jane or no-one. Everyone gets more than one throw of the dice, Tony.'
, and then there that dive, and the turns, and I saw the birds and went under the bridge and- and the pylon! And the bit where-'
For the first time, he was almost glad Stark was taking him out to dinner that night. It was time to make sure that alcohol really didn't work. Maybe if he drank enough quickly enough, he would be able to forget for one more night.
'Tell your kid to find some better heroes,' he said, taking his phone out of his pocket and playing with it. As far as he was concerned, the conversation was clearly over. But Steve just couldn't leave it at that.
started blasting at top volume through every speaker in the tower, a festive 7AM alarm Tony had decided to set for the Avengers. He felt Steve freeze.
Tony's hands balled into fists. 'You made him do it,' he said. He was certain of it, even if he didn't know the details. Somehow, Howard had forced Steve. He must have done.
He felt the tiniest of nods through his shirt, but Tony made no move to go to the bedroom. Instead his breathing slowed and deepened, and eventually Steve realised he had fallen asleep, right there on the hall tiles. And on Steve. Who, unfortunately, turned out not to be anywhere near strong enough to get him off, let alone carry him to bed. So he pulled his phone out of his pocket and called Bucky, who arrived half an hour later to survey the scene.
Finished with the cuff links, Tony adjusted his bow tie and gave himself one last look over in the mirror. He looked pretty damn good, if he did say so himself, and he was even ready at the time Steve had told him to be, so extra brownie points for him. He left the bedroom, exiting directly into the lounge. He'd expected to find his boyfriend waiting, but there was no-one. The white couches were empty, and a quick glance towards the small open plan kitchen was enough to tell him Steve wasn't there either. Maybe the bathroom? But no, the French windows to the deck were open, the night air blowing a draught around his ankles. Tony followed it out.
Steve needed to start thinking about schools. And college funds. And probably a million other things about child rearing that he had never looked at because the fact Peter would never need them had been too painful. Where did he even start?
That was part of the reason he was so annoyed at Stark for pressuring Peter into agreeing that Steve was his 'dad'. Peter idolised the man and would have agreed to just about anything if Iron Man was the one saying it.
Huffing, Steve finally let his arms drop to his sides. Angry as he was, he didn't want to needle too much about what was, for Tony at least, still a sore subject. 'My arm works,' he said.
Bucky was making his way back over to check on him again, having danced a few dances with a girl with beautiful dark skin and even darker hair. Steve waved frantically at him, shaking his head. It was childish, but he'd learnt the hard way that heads rarely turned his way if Bucky was nearby. He pointed towards the bar, where Barnaby was just getting served. Bucky followed his point, realised what was happening, gave Steve a huge thumbs up and a grin and disappeared back out into the dancing. Crisis averted.
'No, I'll come with you for a bit,' he gabbled. 'I want to see what Captain America buys for dinner. Is it all just apple pies and burgers? The world needs to know.'
'There's not,' Steve said. 'But I... it's not you. My life is just really complicated right now. There's some stuff I really need to do. And my mom's relying on me not to get distracted.'
Tony was frozen on the stairs, looking at him. There were dark circles under his eyes and his hair and clothes were dishevelled with sleep and the lingering effects of alcohol, but the shock on his face was slowly turning into a small smile. It was an
Suddenly Steve remembered some of the messages from Stark he'd read on Peter's phone, the ones that had described the computer system he had running his home. Clearly it even ran the elevators.
, not completely sober. He remembered hoping Tony hadn't been drunk when he'd done the work. He remembered thinking the song was beautiful, and sad, before he'd fallen into the dark heat of unconsciousness.
, buy tampons. She had totally gone to pieces in front of him. She was never, ever going to live this down.
Steve groaned. He was already a year older than his peers, from way back in Elementary school where he'd missed most of second grade the first time round because of one illness after another. At least back then he'd had the silver lining that repeating the year put him in the same class as Bucky, already his best friend from playing together in the apartment building, but if it happened again it would put him behind them. Next year they would be seniors, they would graduate and go off to college without him while he was still stuck in high school with kids two years younger than him. It didn't bear thinking about.
They spent a lot of time in the lab. Not sure what else to do with himself, Tony had gone down there to tinker, to build, to try not to think about what Shield might have him do, and Peter always came too, asking so many questions that it usually turned into a teaching session. Where Peter came, Steve came, sometimes watching the two of them, sometimes dropping into one of the chairs with a book and leaving them to it. Tony really liked those times. Peter was charming and smart and fascinated by everything, and Steve was a solid and reassuring presence that would stop anything too bad from happening. Venom wouldn't be able to get to him again, even at those times, slowly growing less frequent, when Tony wanted it to.
Tony held out the orange and the ribbon to him, but Steve ignored him, circling back round the table and crouching behind Tony's chair, kneeling behind to take hold of his hands, to guide them, to help hold the ribbon -
‘Alright,’ Steve said, ‘I think that’s enough. We’re not going anywhere today. I’ll tell Mr Stark some other time.’
'. True, there were some weird ideas involving swords and beer barrels, and a weird preoccupation with blessings, but overall it wasn't bad. Not bad at all.
a promise.’ The line went dead as he hung up. Infuriated beyond words, Steve brought his fist up, about to slam it down on the phone, but remembered at the last minute that he had promised to return it to Peter, and hit the table instead. The plastic groaned in protest.
but he couldn't hold onto any of them, he didn't know which was his, which he was; the stone of the wash basin was cold beneath his hands, he was vomiting into it, the taste was sour and bitter in his mouth, but it wasn't his mouth, it was another Steve's mouth, and yet it
'I've done nothing,' Stone said, furious. 'Your friend here is just throwing his weight around, trying to impress the girl.'
on the spine catching the light before the heavy iron door slammed shut on it. 'Do you really feel any better for it, Tony? I was trying to protect you. He wanted to forget you.'
'Yes,' Barnaby said, looking embarrassed. 'Yeah. My dad got a court order. He's not allowed anywhere near me. It seems to be working, I haven't seen him for months.'
'I'm Thor,' Thor said, as if that illuminated anything. 'Thor Odinson.' Then he seemed to remember himself and added, 'At your service, sir.'
And yet, if your date saw you had a mark and it didn't respond to them, it seemed to pour cold water over the whole thing. Not to mention the persistent stereotype that those with blemishes were weaker, more passive, the submissive half of a relationship; seen as less capable in school and the work place, regardless of any actual evidence, more likely to be passed over for jobs and promotions. It made Steve even angrier, especially as he was small and sickly and weak and, apparently, no matter what choices he made, destined to become tied to someone who would pity and pet him. Marry him to make them feel good about themselves. It made him feel sick with shame.
Steve knocked on the top of the table. 'This table's ride or die. As long as you're under my table, I hate who you hate.'
He'd just got Peter back, Peter was going to live, and they still hadn't had any time together. But this was just one last crisis, one more thing he had to do, and then they would have all the time in the world, years of it, an entire lifetime. And that was thanks to the man that monster had carried away with it. So Steve followed, running as fast as he could, determined he was going to find a way to stop this.
'Mmmuph,' Tony said, mostly as an excuse to move his lips and tongue over Steve's palm. Well, when an opportunity presented itself... Steve took his hand away and wiped it on his trousers. Charming.
Startled, Steve drew back from her; but she was right. He'd said he would paint a piece as a gift, in return for the ring. For the marriage he was giving Barnaby up for. Of course Stark needed to have this painting, own Steve's memories of that night. If Steve kept them himself, it would destroy him.
'Please can I open the bag now?' Peter begged. Steve pulled himself together. All he could do was live in the present, and enjoy each moment as it came.
And somehow, fourteen weeks later, it had come to the point where Steve had been loitering in Tony's private suite in the tower, waiting to see him off to a gala for the Maria Stark Foundation, and apparently enjoying the sight of Tony in his best evening wear.
'He got friendly with Peg during her last semester,' Bucky explained. 'He had lunch with us a couple of times, he was at her goodbye party and stuff. I don't think any of us have really spoken to him since she left, though.'
Steve shushed him with a wave of his hand, clearly just wanting to get his story over and done with. 'Well, in her interview, she said... she said you liked... that sort of thing.' Steve nodded at the underwear, now hanging limp from Tony's hand. 'Lingerie. So I thought... well. But it's not like I could try it on so I just ordered it online and I think I'd already changed my mind but then it came and it was way too small for me and I-'
'I still think we'll be much better off if we don't list it all,' Sarah shook her head. 'This is just to make them want to meet us. Once we make a good impression that way, then we can fill them in on the rest.'
Tony couldn't answer that. 'And Peter's okay?' If Peter was hurt, he didn't know what he was going to do.
Peter didn't remember too well what had happened. He thought he had woken up in the middle of the night, and Mr Stark had turned his playlist off because
It was still new, all of this. Steve wasn't quite sure how it had happened either; it had just seemed natural, organic. Ever since the team had reformed he and Tony had been sticking close together, maybe because they had been apart one way or another for so long. Eventually that had tipped over into them going out for dinner or the movies, just the two of them, and finally into going to bed together. To Steve it was obvious they were dating, so he was astonished to discover that Tony hadn't been sure, almost as astonished as Tony was to discover Steve considered him his boyfriend. Apparently Tony had just thought they were 'fooling around'. Steve had been in what he considered the future for decades now, far longer than he had been in his own time, and yet he still couldn't work out what the rules of dating were here. How could Tony not have realised it was a relationship?
Tony exhaled deeply, the last of his anger and fear vanishing from his face. He leant forward, resting his forehead against Steve's. He was smiling.
Dr Moore sighed. 'I'm sorry to have to tell you this, but you've probably seen for yourself that Peter's condition is deteriorating. Ever since that last bout of the flu, I haven't been happy with his chest or breathing. The antibiotics seem to have taken care of the infection, but... I think we need to accept that this is as healthy as Peter will ever be now.'
Tony did. It was a contract for how his hours of service were to be completed and the conditions of his custody. These conditions basically boiled down to Steve being his live-in babysitter and having to approve all his comings and goings. Embarrassing, but it could definitely be worse. And it meant Steve and Peter would stay. Tony allowed himself a moment of happiness, before reading on to see what they actually wanted him to do.
Steve nodded a little cautiously. In the back of his mind he was wondering whether maybe, maybe Barnaby was about to invite him to his apartment. And, damn, Steve wanted to go, except there were two problems. One, most importantly, he was lying about his name and his availability; and he wasn't going to sleep with someone, even Barnaby,
'What was I supposed to think?' Steve sounded almost as exasperated as Pepper. 'Tony didn't know who he was. I didn't think even
'No ho-ho-homo,' Tony commented wryly, wrinkling his nose as he picked the remains of his work out of the coffee and tossed them in the trash. 'Well, that's a day's work down the drain.'
'Okay, if you're sure,' Ron smiled, and went back to mopping. Tony hurried as fast as his aching limbs would allow over to the door. Hanging nearby was an oversized black hoodie, which he pulled on over his T-shirt, zipping it up to his chin and pulling the hood up as far forward as it would go. For once, Tony wasn't in the mood for selfies with his adoring fans, so he was planning to travel incognito. He found his dark glasses in the pocket and slipped them on too, hoping he would be more anonymous than he felt.
, and at this point Tony would have agreed to anything as long as Steve would keep talking to him like that. Assuming he was even still capable of doing anything. He suppressed a groan, holding himself up on the edge of the work surface, because he felt like everything from his chest down had turned to jelly. He had to swallow, hard, before he could speak.
Stark moved closer, brushing the very tips of his fingers along Steve's bare arm before closing his hand around his elbow.
A second later, they were alone. Still under the mistletoe. Steve was still holding his hand. For a moment longer, they still said nothing.
of True Books in the world from before nations started banning the procedure around the start of the Twentieth Century, but Steve just didn't get
'Try the kitchen,' Clint said. Tony did, taking the weird orange with him. Some of the juice was seeping out where the stuff had been stuck in it, and it was making his hand sticky. Eww.
‘Uh, I’m sure she won’t be that mad,’ he offered, lamely, hoping the lie was something suitably minor and not that Tony had hidden a dead body somewhere.
The question was so abrupt and tangential that it took Steve a stumbling moment to realise it had even been asked. He did not like this man. Even so, he gritted his teeth and said, 'Five.'
Well, fine. There was no reason it should bother him. Steve was trying to marry whoever would take him too. He'd opened the box, and, as predicted, it had been an elaborate show of wealth devoid of personality. The band was almost a centimetre wide, looked like it was made of platinum, filled out with row after horizontal row of small diamonds; all leading to a rock the size of Steve's knuckle in the middle. They wanted him to wear
'Best thing that ever happened to me,' Tony said, because he couldn't brush off the compliment with a joke. Not about this.
'Tony,' Steve said, but he wasn't sure why. He did need Stark to leave round the back, and soon, before the whole Timely was up and about to see him go. Except he didn't
‘You stay away from Peter,’ Steve said again, his voice quiet. ‘I mean it, Stark. You ever contact him again and I’ll tell Shield everything. I’ll put on the Captain America uniform that you’re so damn obsessed with, stand up in court, and a national symbol will swear to the world that you’re Iron Man.’
So his goal was to win, and his assets were that he had powers and help was on the way. So all Peter had to do was hold Mr Halloween Mask off until Iron Man arrived. Cautiously, he opened one eye just the tiniest crack, peering out between his eyelids.
'It'd be a bit of a coincidence if it didn't,' Tony shrugged. 'Though how voices through a rift turned into an audio file on the internet I don't know. Look, Steve, about earlier-'
Selection – The right of selecting a partner lies solely with the wealthy party, who will seek out needy but deserving partners for their children; often with an extensive set of criteria. In the past, it was seen as extremely bad etiquette for a poor family to overtly approach a wealthy family to offer a child in marriage, often compared to
Stark laughed. 'You realise I was filing patents for twenty years in my own name before I got hold of the company? I'm living off licenses, gorgeous, and until someone smarter than me comes along and replaces my stuff with something better...' he trailed off, shrugging. Clearly he did not think that was particularly likely.
More pressingly, however, was the pulsing black mass in front of him. It looked hollow, like the mouth of a tunnel, but it was shifting in a way that seemed almost organic. Every so often it would flicker with a crackle of blue electricity, a flash of green light, close up like it was going to disappear before erupting open again. Steve had a feeling he was about to be pushed into it, and that he wouldn't much care for it when he was.
table in the next few minutes, if the Captain would just stop worrying about a few little changes in behaviour.
From where Steve was, it didn't look like there were any signs of life. But the only way to find out was to go closer.
Once the ceremony was over, Tony raced straight over to him, throwing his arms round him and peppering kisses all over his face and neck. Once upon a time, Steve might have thought he was drunk. Tony's drinking had nearly stopped the wedding, and had nearly led to a divorce more than once; but he was fifteen months sober and Steve had never been prouder. Or more embarrassed, as Tony took some of the streamers from the party poppers and began to decorate Steve with them.
Tony blinked at that, but Steve was determined and climbed up into the back of the sleigh, settling down next to Tony under the blankets, pulling the other man close. Once they were settled,the driver set off again, through the light snow that barely touched them in their cocoon of blankets, through the dark, beneath the twinkle of the fairy lights, the only sounds the clopping of the horses' hooves, their panting breath, and the jingle of the bells on their harness. Next to him, Steve felt Tony finally relax and melt into his grip.
'I paid $5 for it, I'm not wasting it,' Steve declared, pulling a face. 'Does it just get worse as you drink more of it? That's revolting.' He sipped again.
?!' Bucky and his mother cried in unison. Steve pushed his chair away from the table. He was not having this conversation.
Steve sat down in his chair behind the counter, heavily. The shop suddenly seemed so quiet that he could hear the erratic pounding of his heart. He hoped that didn’t show up on his next cardiogram.
to marry your son in exchange for the money you promised? In which case, yes, I am, unless you have some even richer friends that are single. How much does she get paid, by the way?' He pointed at the door through to where Ms Potts sat. 'She is a delight; and if you undervalue her she'll definitely stab you through the balls with her shoe.'
'I love what you've done with the place,' Peter said, like they did on TV. Mr Osborn kicked him in the stomach and Peter fell down again.
Except the empty cupboard wasn't actually empty. When he opened it, Tony spotted a small, scrunched up piece of what looked like fabric. Frowning, he set the vase down carefully and pulled the bundle out.
The elevator moved so quietly that Steve wasn't even sure it was moving until a moment later the doors opened and he stepped in. The doors slid shut, and Steve realised that there were no buttons. It was possible he had just walked right into Venom's trap, shut himself in a small steel box. He was about to try and force the doors when a polite, accented voice asked him 'Which floor?'
Steve didn't answer. He was still looking down the hall, for once not giving Barnaby his full attention, transfixed. In his head, things were starting to fall into place.
Steve sipped again. He was not a big fan of wine, put off by the vinegary taste, but this didn't have the after burn of some of the cheap stuff. 'But you shut down your company, what, three years ago? Even your money's got to run out eventually.'
. In this world, he knew, he did believe, simply and solidly, that they were meant to be. That his whole journey through the ice was for this exact reason, to bring him here to her. So they were married. They were happy. Their love was equivalent, perfectly balanced. It burned inside him like a sun.
