He strode across the room and swooped the child on the floor up into his arms, ignoring her screech of protest. He had no idea how old she was, but she weighed less than Stone did. She could kick harder than the dog, though. He adjusted his grip so he could immobilise her legs and nodded at her mother. "Come on. Outside. Everyone, right now."
John poked him in the back as he sat up to get out of bed. "Thought I smelled something bad."
"Sherlock, you're not supposed to give away what the gifts are!"
Mrs. Hudson retired to her room before it was even fully dark outside. He heard the creak of the old windowpane opening, and hoped she was able to air out the smoke from her herbal soothers completely enough that Mummy didn't catch a whiff and decide it meant she was a bad influence on him. Finally, Mummy and Daddy grew tired of "catching up," as they called it, and went upstairs for the night, as well.
John gave a half-shrug. "Well, yeah, or she might just be on holiday. I mean...just thought you might want to consider it."
"Oh, Sherlock!" Mrs. Hudson's voice cut through Sherlock's complaint. "I can't find any of the good tea, did you move it and not let me know?"
"I won't—I'm not." John shifted Rosie in his arms; her head was already starting to droop. "I know you'll be fine with Eve. Your mother, I'm not so sure you can handle, but you can always banish her to Mrs. Hudson's flat."
"Sh'wock read to me, Daddy."
"Sorry, sorry. I know I told you I could keep her till five, but, it's just, I have a date tonight, we met online, and it will take me some time to get ready, and...." Molly trailed off, looking not at John but past him, as if she expected Sherlock to come running down the stairs to say something rude about her plans for her date. Though now that he thought about it, John hadn't heard him insult her in quite some time. Possibly before Sherrinford.
Without thinking twice about it, Sherlock tipped his chin down. John tipped his head up at the same moment, and their lips pressed together. Had he been aiming for John's lips, or had it just happened?
John lifted his head to look up at him. "What if we're just doing this because we're exhausted and overwhelmed and turning to each other for comfort?"
"Sort of. I wasn't making regular reports, but every now and then I'd get some random question from him. Sometimes I'd get a cheque with it, sometimes I wouldn't, but he'd paid me a lot of money before—I mean a lot, really—so I just made stuff up and fed it to him, or sent him clippings from the papers. I liked working at the clinic. I was too old to keep up with the freelancing life. I knew assassins don't tend to live to reach old age."
Rosie thought about it. "Not really. We usually decorate. We just haven't got around to it yet this year." She was usually the one to pester Dad and Sherlock into getting out all the ornaments and stuff, and now that she was older it seemed less exciting than it had when she was little.
"An extra what now?"
"No," Sherlock said, just as John said, "She's a day old, Mycroft."
Sherlock's phone buzzed again and a picture of Dreyer with a woman and two young children appeared. "Hope you're not too late!" Moriarty said, and ended the call, leaving only a chilling silence in his wake.
"A police escort—Sherlock!"
"No. Yes. No. I wasn't going to use it. But if I ever got really desperate, if something happened to put me back in that place where I really couldn't resist, I needed to have something here in the flat. A small, reasonable amount that I could easily access. Because otherwise, I would.... Who knows what might happen. Something worse."
"No, you're not." Sherlock reached down to take John's hand in his. "I might have done the same thing. I rarely look at cab drivers—it's been a long time since Jeff Hope."
"Eve?" John turned to face her, frowning, not because he disapproved of the name but because he was caught off guard hearing her speak again.
The girl turned bright red and bolted for the door. Sherlock held it open for her, then closed it firmly behind her.
"I will. You just need to give me some space, okay?"
"Oh, yeah, that was no problem." John stretched his arm out and Stone switched his allegiance, leaving Sherlock so John could scratch him behind the ears. "Glad I'm not working today, though, because it was a bit of a zoo there this morning. Sharon's been out all week—the flu is running through her whole family. Then this morning Mary called in, said she's got a family emergency and is going to be out of town for the foreseeable future. You're lucky I'm not a nurse, Sherlock, or I would have had to stay and work today. As it is, I'm not really looking forward to going in tomorrow."
John watched him for a moment, as Sherlock fiddled with one of the snaps that ran down the side of Eve's romper. "You can't—you can't have drugs in the flat, Sherlock. Not if you want Rosie to be here. And Eve." He wasn't even sure what he meant by that. Did he think Sherlock was going to keep Eve here by himself, with Eurus gone? Where would she go if she didn't stay here?
John stood where he was for a moment, trying to understand what had just happened. He'd been worried about Sherlock, but then Sherlock had been the one who had hugged him. And kissed him. He'd kissed him, for the second time in a week, and without Rosie there to demand it. Why? He'd assumed that Sherlock hadn't thought twice about what had happened at Rosie's bedtime the other night, but what if he was wrong? What if Sherlock had been thinking about it, too? "Sherlock?"
His heart rate had slowed but he was still shaking when he heard Sherlock coming back up the stairs. He sat up straight, took another deep breath to try to collect himself, and managed to push himself up onto unsteady hands and knees just as Sherlock opened the door to the flat.
"Here, watch." John pressed his thumb lightly against Eve's forehead and then lifted it. "See the difference?"
Mycroft frowned, then put his briefcase on the table and pulled a computer from it.
"Okay, but be careful. Don't get mugged or anything. Do you have a mask with you?"
He certainly wasn't about to start taking new cases until Moriarty was back in prison.
"That was a bit more than just masturbation," Sherlock said. "Guess we both need to shower now."
"No," Sherlock said, and spread his arms wide, motioning for John to lie against him. "This is all I want to do, always, for the rest of our lives."
John shook his head. "Any amount is too much. I assaulted you."
"You don't normally have a camera in that room that he could have hacked into?"
A convenient change of topic presented itself when Mrs. Hudson and Leon joined them at the table, bringing iced coffees for the humans and a bowl of water for Stone. Sherlock occupied himself with obliging Stone's need for belly rubs while John listened politely as Mrs. Hudson relayed seemingly every thought that had crossed her mind since she'd gone downstairs with Leon earlier today.
Sherlock lifted the huge calendar, causing a cascade of pens, pencils and paper clips to fall across the desk and floor. He turned it so John and Donovan could see, tapping his finger on the yellow highlighter mark that spanned the current week.
"I was going to stop and get it on my way home, so I don't mind picking her up first. I'll bring her back to my place and then you can let me know if you're going to come get her later, or if I should bring her over there. I can't keep her overnight, I have to work early tomorrow."
John held his gaze for a moment, then looked away. "No. But I am sorry."
John pursed his lips and resolved to ignore anything she said that wasn't related to her or Eve's health and well-being. "Have you had any unusually heavy bleeding or very large blood clots pass since yesterday?"
He tugged the ties of his dressing gown tighter and tried to keep his voice nonchalant. "You're late. I was worried."
"Janine, listen. What you just saw. You can't—" He loved Rosie but having the media covering him playing in the park with her was, well, not his worst nightmare, but a fairly bad one.
"Oh, we'll need more than that," Sherlock said, glancing down at his phone. "Mycroft says he's out front right now, trying to decide how many of his security force to station outside the building."
"He's my husband."
"It was certainly a surprise," Sherlock said. He was pacing back and forth in front of the coffee table. Rosie wished he would stop and come sit down with her and Dad, but he didn't. "I told you we shouldn't have kept Eurus a secret from her," he said, and Rosie had never heard him sound like that talking to Dad before.
John leaned back, hand dropping from Sherlock's thigh. "Do you want me to suck your cock or not?"
"Okay." John took a step back and looked up at Sherlock's face. "You look tired. How much did you have to drink at that party?"
It was either that or up to the top floor, but there'd been no indication that the building's other tenants had anything to do with the Crawfords' murders.
The routine of making the tea helped John collect himself, and as they sat together at the kitchen table with the plate of biscuits and teapot between them, he could see that the mere act of eating and drinking was helping Sherlock cope, as well.
"Hardly." Sherlock backed himself up against the sink; there wasn't enough space in the room for two adults to fit comfortably.
John stepped even closer to Sherlock, and looked up into his eyes. "Our turn," he said.
"Is everything okay with you?" John asked. "Robby said you'd called in with a family emergency a couple of days ago."
"You want to have a nap?"
He reached the upper landing and gave a quick rap on the door, then pushed it open, knowing he hadn't locked it when he'd left. "Sherlock?" He took one step through the door and stopped dead in his tracks.
Sherlock shook his head. "No. It's fine. You can wrap it when we get home. Let's just get out of here."
"Don't you think?"
for the tenth time this month). The sixty hours that he had been awake, he had spent thinking about the kiss. What it felt like, what it meant, how it would feel to do it again. He would open his lips next time, just a bit, and press his mouth more firmly against John's. He would be insistent, make it clear what he wanted.... No, he wouldn't. He would never try again. Right now, John was upstairs, no doubt sound asleep in his bed, while Sherlock was down here alone, curled on the sofa, agonizing over how he was possibly supposed to proceed with his life.
"Okay, yeah, fair point. I mean, I wasn't there. I was still—" He made a fist and rapped it on the wheel of his chair.
"I stayed awake so I could watch you sleep," Sherlock said.
"Yeah, well we won't let him, all right?"
Sherlock paused and looked down at Eve again before speaking softly. "I'm sorry. I didn't think about that. I just needed...."
Mycroft scoffed. "John, you've just dashed Sherlock's plans to use his mysterious French accent to seduce you."
Sherlock let go of the shop door and began to run, dragging Stone with him. He knew that sound—he'd experienced it before, six years ago, when Moriarty set off a bomb in the building across the street.
"That was nearly five months ago, Mummy." Sherlock dropped his empty dinner container on the table next to his chair and strode across the room. "That's a lifetime for a two-year old."
"Where are you?"
"He's sore from being held in handcuffs but he's over the nausea caused by the drugging. It's mostly his pride that was hurt. Don't bring it up again in front of him, all right?"
She still wouldn't let him put the mittens on, but didn't object when he pulled her hat from his coat pocket and worked it on over her curls, so he knew she really was cold. He put his own gloves back on. "I think we need to go home and let you thaw out in front of the fireplace before you turn into an ice lolly."
"Damn it." John's shoulders sagged. "Why can't we ever keep anything in our flat alive?"
There was the rustling sound of Sherlock getting out of bed and then the door opened. He was still wearing his dress shirt and trousers beneath his dressing gown, so he presumably hadn't been asleep yet. "John?"
Sherlock straightened up so he could put his arm around John's shoulders and pull him close. "Putting up with you is the easiest thing I have ever done."
"We're hiding from your brother by going to the police?"
Mrs. Hudson's brow furrowed. "You were napping upstairs? Usually you just pass out on the sofa down here."
"It's been four days. And these things don't follow a schedule, Sherlock. You've got to give it time to heal."
"No, you don't." Moriarty laughed again, and his voice sing-songed higher. "You've slowed down since I've been gone. You let yourself go, and now you and poor Johnny just...sit around all day, doing nothing."
Her hair was longer and darker than it had been the last time he'd seen her, and she was wearing a loose sundress, though the late spring weather hardly seemed to warrant it. Not her usual attire at all—he almost didn't recognise her.
John slipped his hand from Sherlock's neck and tightened his grip around his shoulders. "It's been a long day, Mycroft. A long week. Leave him alone."
"Rose and lavender," John read from the bottle. "Those are good scents." He brought it up to his nose and sniffed it, though with the cap still on, Sherlock doubted he could smell very much. After a moment, John put the bottle down and looked up at Sherlock again. He didn't say anything else, though his face broadcast a lifetime of unanswered questions.
"Yes," Sherlock hissed, pulling his dressing gown closed as he turned away from John. He gave another full-body wiggle, and John could see just a suggestion of the tail beneath the gown. He didn't even notice the jingling sound as he chased Sherlock through the kitchen, down the hall and into their room.
"I will, Mummy. I will." Sherlock looked at John and then stood up abruptly and began to pace between his chair and the coffee table. John was certain that Sherlock had been about to kiss him before having second thoughts about doing it in front of his mother—or Mycroft, more likely.
"So, if you check out of the hospital like a good patient, then we're not going to be able to leave by ourselves. Mycroft will know, and he'll have Leon or some even more useless guard with us."
He got dressed in yesterday's clothes, intending to creep down the stairs as quietly as possible so as not to wake anyone who might still be asleep, but as soon as he opened the door to the stairwell, he heard footsteps coming up. Mrs. Hudson, on her way to pay Sherlock her usual morning visit. John ran down the flight of stairs as fast as he could, but she had a head start and got to Sherlock's door before he did.
Sherlock swept past the other police officers and the cleaning lady and out of the building, John at his heels. He paused when he got outside, stopping at the top of the ramp to lean with both hands on the railing. He was blocking John's way, he knew, but he needed to take a moment to collect his thoughts.
"She's not bleeding. It's just very...wet."
"Yes." He swallowed, glanced quickly at John, who had also lost his smile, then turned back to face Mary, because it was easier that way.
He looked up as Sherlock came back inside. "Hey, can you get me a handkerchief or flannel? We don't have any—"
Carrying Stone in his arms, Sherlock managed to make his way through the clumps of idiots who were standing on the pavement staring up at the smoke pouring into the air. It was definitely originating from 221. From the back of the building. The front windows of their flat appeared undamaged, and he didn't see any flames, but as he got closer, he could feel the smoke scratching at his throat.
"You can't take the chocolates. There could be nuts in them. Your daughter has a nut allergy, and you have her for Christmas Day this year. What would your ex do if she found out?"
"You could take off your coat."
"Come on, Sherlock. Go let her in." John heaved himself to sitting upright and bent forward to start unfastening the straps that held the braces in place along his legs.
"The garden room." That was where most of the plants had previously been, in the large space at the back of the house that had plenty of windows but not enough insulation to be comfortable at this time of year. "I'm not sleeping in the garden room."
"Okay." John fiddled with the watch he'd just set down. "Are you telling me the truth?" He turned his head to meet Sherlock's eyes.
"I just—" He spread his hands, giving Stone a few more feet of freedom with his lead. "I thought I could have one thing that didn't turn to shit when I touched it, but then Moriarty came along and destroyed it anyway."
Christmas is the best thing about winter for me because I am the only kid in my family so everyone buys me whatever I want. My friends are jealous, but I tell them that I would like to have other kids in my family like a sister or some cousins but since I don't I get lots of presents instead.
"No, the text. You have to—" John pinched his lips together in consternation. "I got a text, too. Several of them."
The two cops were too busy flirting with each other to pay attention to anything else, but Sherlock refrained from pointing that out. He grabbed the crutches and braces and followed John across the pavement. There were two steps up into the building, but they were broad enough that they weren't much of an obstacle for John, and his chair just fit through the narrow front door. Once inside, Sherlock could hear people moving about over their heads, but there was no one else in the entryway, which was set up much like their building at Baker Street.
Two more installments left. The next prompt is Love and then I've combined Friends & Family with Merry Christmas for the final chapter. They're not actually written yet, so wish me luck!
Sherlock stopped next to the cot, holding Rosie so she could lean over and peer down into it. "Rosie, meet Eve."
"I want Mummy to go home and Mrs. Hudson to only come upstairs if she's been baking and is inclined to share, but we can't always get what we want, can we?"
"You better be about to say you're not going to last long because that's exactly what I was about to say to you." Sherlock closed his mouth and leaned his head against John's shoulder, rocking very slightly up and down on the dildo.
"Moriarty touched it." He stood up, stepping over John, and walked down the hall to the bedroom, returning a moment later with a t-shirt taken from the bottom of Lestrade's chest of drawers. "Here, put this on if you really want something to wear."
I am actively working on this story, but I can't promise a specific timeline for posting as pretty much everything in my life/the world is up in the air right now. And I keep getting ideas for different porny shorts for the
Sherlock stepped all the way into the room and set the water glass on the stand next to the bed. He put one hand on Rosie's shoulder to keep her from bouncing and stretched his other toward John, brushing his fingers across his forehead. "Fever seems about the same."
He'd taken three steps when John said his name again. Sherlock turned, then followed John's gesture to look down the street, to where a long, black car was attempting to bulldoze its way through stalled traffic.
John frowned. He hadn't meant to call Sherlock's parenting skills into question. He reached out and pushed the button to start the swing moving again. "Oh, there's a music setting, too." He slid the switch over and winced at the shrill sound that began to play. "Ah, sorry, you probably don't want her to grow up thinking that's music, do you?" He smiled, trying to lighten the mood, but Sherlock didn't follow suit.
Sherlock wrinkled his nose. "Are you okay?"
"Yes, yes. We're going home. Say goodbye to Sherlock and Eve. We'll come see them again in a couple of days."
"John." Sherlock felt his shoulders sag as the tension that had built up throughout the day finally began to release. Yes, John was probably going to be embarrassed the next time he saw Mummy and Daddy, but Moriarty hadn't hurt him and now they were back together. "Move over."
"Okay. Just—stop it. Don't jump to conclusions, okay? I read the whole article, and poked around a little online, and there's no reason for you to be concerned."
"What?"
"Bugger off, Mycroft. If I don't clean the hair out regularly the wheels get gummed up and don't move smoothly." John didn't even look up from what he was doing—over the years he'd learned to ignore Mycroft almost as effectively as Sherlock did.
He handed John his tea, then leaned back against the worktop to drink his own, since Mycroft and John were occupying the only chairs at the table.
"Why wouldn't he? She's Eurus's child. And he's kept Eurus locked up since she was a child herself."
John frowned. His phone hadn't made a noise, but Sherlock's, Mycroft's and Mrs. Holmes's all had.
"Leave him alone, Mycroft. He said he's not the father." Sherlock came back across the room to stand by John next to the cot, a show of solidarity that John appreciated.
"Don't know." John's shoulders were drawn up tight; Sherlock wanted to point out that he would be sore later tonight but thought the tension was probably merited at the moment. "Did you see anything in the house that might tell what happened to her?" John asked.
The computer screen went dark. Sherlock reached out and slammed it shut, then looked up at his brother. “Mycroft. Find him. Please.”
"Tragic," Sherlock said, and made a mental note to have Mycroft check on the safety of any reporters who had covered the Moriarty story in the past week.
"Fine. Everything's fine."
I made this prompt because I like the song, but it implies a couple fighting and being apart and I didn't want to write that, so you get this instead. : )
"Yes." Sherlock glanced at Mycroft, who had joined them in a loose circle around the desk, and swallowed back a brief trickle of worry.
Donovan opened her mouth to object—even though she clearly was sleeping with him again—but John interrupted.
"It's different, though, isn't it? They aren't just spare fingers Molly Hooper gave you so you could do some pointless experiment."
"What's so funny?" Sherlock stuck his hands in his pockets as he approached John and Donovan, trying to look like he'd just happened to stroll down the stairs.
"No."
Molly glanced back out into the party and then closed the door, shutting the two of them away from everyone else. Greg could entertain their guests for a while, and the party had been going on long enough that she didn't care if people got bored and started to leave now, anyway. She pulled a chair around the table so she could sit next to Rosie. "What happened?"
"Another video," Sherlock said. "I'll show it to you later."
"You did throw up earlier, but I'm glad you're feeling better, because we need to get out of here. If Moriarty follows his pattern, we won't hear from him again until tomorrow, but I don't want to waste that time sitting in hospital if we don't have to. Today was the closest we've come to catching him—he couldn't have been more than thirty minutes ahead of us when Mycroft and I got to that office park where he held you." He stood up from the bed, rubbing his hands together at the prospect of finally catching up to Moriarty.
Not a very expensive one, either, judging by the weight he felt as he took the box from her and tossed it onto the desk. Stone followed the motion with his whole head, then pulled free from John's grip and dashed past Sherlock to the desk, scrabbling as if his stubby little legs would allow him to reach the top of it.
John had already thought that Eurus was the most in-control woman in labour he'd ever seen, but now that it was time to push, she showed even more discipline. Not too slow, not too fast—which he'd been afraid of, because he really didn't want to have to give her stitches—just a few strong, measured pushes and he was catching the baby, who gave a hearty cry as soon as she was in John's hands.
"But now. Something about it turns you on." Sherlock paced over to the sofa and back again, and John tried not to stare. "I was high the last time, and you definitely don't find that attractive. But—oh! I look dangerous, don't I?"
if you're interested in my future projects. Thank you!
"What, you're not going to be like your brother and tell me it's too dangerous to go outside, that I should just open the front door and let Stone piss on the pavement?"
"So...you're saying Eurus has no idea how she's supposed to interact with other human beings, and yet you want to let her be around Rosie? Sherlock." John tipped his head slightly to one side, looking at him.
Moriarty grinned at him. "Yes, that does seem appropriate. But no one will bother us up here." He bounced up onto the short ledge that ran around the rooftop and danced along it until he was directly in front of Sherlock. "It's very high up here." He made a whistling noise and traced his finger through the air in front of him. "Not afraid of falling, are you?"
"We don't—it doesn't take two of us to cook eggs," John said.
Short of physically holding her back, there was no way for John to stop her. He settled for following immediately behind her, ready to intervene in whatever was about to happen inside the flat. He saw Sherlock pop up from his chair when the door opened, then relax and drop back into it a moment later.
Aunt Eurus didn't try to touch her, but told her to spread out her fingers and then nodded. "Yes, you'll be fine. Height isn't as important as finger strength and dexterity, anyway. Never let a man tell you that you can't do something that you want to do, okay?"
"Come on, Sherlock. Give yourself a break. You're doing as well as any new parent. Better, really, because most parents get some warning that they're about to have a child and have time to prepare. You just suddenly had a baby dropped on you."
"Oh, yes." Mrs. Hudson walked across the room and set her bakery bag on the desk where the package with the fingers had been this morning. "I found a blue dress in the very first shop I went to. It's lovely—very flattering, makes me look tall." She giggled. "Of course I had to go to a few more shops to make sure there wasn't anything better, but then I went back and bought it. I'd show you how lovely it is, but I know neither of you really care."
"Sherlock, nearly everyone has celebrity crushes, especially when they're young. You couldn't have been more than 15 or so when it first aired here in England, right?"
"Well, you're hardly going to be able to grow enough tomatoes for sauce with a single plant. Put it outside on the balcony."
"Yeah. I didn't mean to—" John exhaled, then pressed his lips thin. Next to him, Stone gave a single, sharp bark that stretched into a whine. John fumbled the dog's lead from his wrist and held it out to Sherlock. "Here. Take him."
"Your therapist," Sherlock repeated. A few years ago, John would have expected him to scoff, but Sherlock had changed; now he simply exhaled and said, "I think your therapist may be on to something. You'd be much happier if you weren't spending all your energy being angry at Mycroft."
Sherlock took a deep breath and spoke very clearly. "Moriarty is posting photographs and comments on John's blog. I'm checking his IP address now. Be ready to send a team out to get him." He hung up and bent over his computer, determined to find Moriarty before he could escape again.
"Okay." Janine's smile widened. "I mean, good for you! I'm surprised it took you this long, honestly."
"I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I just wanted to help you." John must have seen the look on his face, the longing, the want. "I didn't mean to overstep."
"Rosie invented a game," Sherlock said. He took the basket from her and peered into it, then pulled out an object covered in red and white striped paper. An object that was shaped suspiciously like a pair of eyeglasses.
John huffed a laugh. "I understand that. But I always tried to stop myself from thinking about doing this with you, because I thought you'd never want to."
"That's going to take a lot of officers a long time."
"Sorry, what?" The woman did not reach for the tags.
"Oh, God." John flopped back down onto the pillow. "Oh, God. I can never look your parents in the eye again."
"So? I see people's lives in danger all the time on cases. It doesn't usually faze me."
"Go on." She waved her fingers at them and then shifted her hold on Eve so she was cradling her in both arms. "Go make me some food and you can discuss all the things the two of you need to talk about in private."
Mycroft wrinkled his nose. "Well, regardless of the safety and well-being of your therapist, Sherlock, I think we can now all agree that Moriarty is indeed a threat that requires increased security."
Sherlock nodded and took the steps in one long stride. He tried the door handle. Locked, of course, and he'd run out of the flat without his coat, which held his lockpicks. He put his shoulder to the door to test its strength.
"Mm-hmm." John wondered if she'd ever cut up a giant box for her own children to play with. Maybe Sherlock had wanted a pirate ship. "Rosie, go sit with Granny Hudson for a minute while I use the knife, all right?"
"Sherlock. That's not going to happen. You're on a low dose, lower than those in the study. After we get through this...whatever it is, with Moriarty, then we'll figure out what to do about your meds. Decide if you should keep taking them, or see what other options you might have."
"You caught him before without any trouble," Mrs. Hudson said.
"Well, it's about time," she said, and clapped her hands together. "When will you be moving back in, John? Do you need me to keep Rosie downstairs tonight, so you can have some time alone together?"
Rosie picked up the scissors and began to cut very slowly along the line she had drawn, the tip of her tongue sticking out between her lips as she concentrated. When she'd finished, she unfolded the paper and asked, "Why do people draw hearts like this, if that's not really what they look like?"
"Not sleeping," Sherlock replied, though the sound of John's torturously slow typing may have lulled him into drifting off a bit. He was stretched out on the sofa—their own sofa, in their own flat, which they'd finally been able to return to this morning. Sherlock thought he still detected an odour of smoke in the air, but John had pronounced it fine, and Sherlock would have agreed to live in a chimney if it meant getting Mycroft to leave them alone.
There was a flurry of motion from the kitchen and then Mummy poked her head in next to Mycroft, who moved further into the room to accommodate her. "Do you really need a bodyguard because of this Moriarty fellow, Sherlock?"
"My other hand is moving across your hip, then down to your balls, cradling them. You're sitting up too straight so I can't go any lower, but I—"
"I'm cold," Rosie said.
"You know what you could do to help?" John said. "Go out to the shops and get some baby supplies. Wiggins brought nappies and a few rompers yesterday, and I'm going to look for some of Rosie's hand-me-downs when I go home tonight, but Eve will still need some things of her own."
"Are you leaving so soon?" Eurus called after him. "We were just getting to know each other."
"If your ankle's still bothering you, you could get one of those little knee scooters," Mrs. Hudson said. "Mrs. Williamson used one when she went to Germany with her son's family after she had bunion surgery and she said it was a godsend."
"No offense, love, but I'm starting to think you're not very good at predicting other people's schedules."
John snorted a laugh, and the tension in the room began to dissipate. Sherlock glanced behind him to catch John surreptitiously wiping at his mouth before speaking. "I guess I'm the only one who's going to apologise, Greg," John said. "Sorry. I didn't know what else to do to help him figure out this case. Thought this might clear his mind, maybe trigger a breakthrough."
Sherlock rolled his eyes at the use of the dog's full name. He straightened the fall of his jacket and stalked across the room to stand in the kitchen doorway. "Go away."
Sherlock squeezed his eyes shut. He had no particular fetish for being quiet, obviously, but John turning it into a challenge ignited his lust even more. It wasn't easy, he had to admit. He'd been quiet in Lestrade's office, but he hadn't been this far along, and this full-body contact was much more arousing than a simple blow job. He knew of one way to shut himself up, though.
"Her name is Eve," Eurus said.
"I suppose calling him to ask where he is is out of the question, too."
John sighed and pressed his hands briefly to his eyes. "No, I mean take an actual break. You haven't had anything to eat all day, have you?"
He changed into his pyjama bottoms and a t-shirt and returned to the living room. John was already conked out on the sofa, but he'd always been able to sleep anywhere, and his body was probably still working through the effects of the drugs Moriarty had used on him. Sherlock pulled a blanket from the back of an armchair and tossed it over him, covering him from feet to chest.
Rosie giggled. "That's kind of silly. I like to draw rainbows because they have lots of colors, but I guess hearts are okay, too."
Sherlock stalked back across the room and flopped down into his chair without replying.
"Show me," Sherlock said. "Show me how you like to do it, and I'll show you what I like." He took himself in hand.
"This is a long-term study in a well-respected, peer-reviewed medical journal!"
After dinner, John went to have a shower. Sherlock was surprised he didn't insist they bathe together, but apparently he had eaten enough dinner to convince John that he was still a functional adult who could be left alone for brief stretches of time. It was a little early for bed, but he got ready anyway, welcoming the comfort of his old t-shirt and pyjama bottoms even more than usual. Stone curled up in the corner of the bedroom, with only his head resting on his dog bed, but he seemed happy enough that Sherlock didn't disturb him. He lay down on his own bed and found himself beginning to doze as he waited for John.
Sherlock stared at her, his mind threatening to short circuit, which he couldn't afford to let happen right now. "Rosie!" he called, without taking his eyes off Molly, and Rosie came running back into the room, trailing more crumpled papers and empty wrappers from her lunch box behind her.
John coughed as he swallowed a bite of egg, bringing a napkin up to wipe at his mouth. "Er, thank you. Not sure that Sherlock is so taken with it, but I thought I'd give it a try."
Sherlock snorted and returned his attention to his plate without replying.
It had been three days and three hours since Sherlock and John had kissed, that tiny peck of the lips at Rosie's command. Since then, Sherlock had spent fifteen hours sleeping (fourteen hours over three nights, plus an hourlong kip this afternoon while Rosie watched
"Or the fact that you vomited about a week's worth of liquids when we were in the helicopter."
"I really don't want to have to go talk to Gemma on a regular basis. I mean, I'm glad she's not dead, but that's about as far as it goes."
Eve let out a fresh squawk of displeasure and John shifted her in his arms until she was draped on her stomach across his forearm, her head resting in his hand and arms and legs dangling to either side of his arm. Rosie had always quieted when he held her this way, and it seemed to work with Eve, too, at least for the moment.
Sherlock shook his head. "Too abrupt of a buzz. Delivery man. But I haven't ordered anything, have you?"
"Yes." John expected that Sherlock would let go of him soon, but he didn't, and John himself wasn't about to pass up this chance to be in his arms for as long as Sherlock was willing.
"It's the right height," Sherlock said. He shrugged out of his coat, tossed it onto the chair and then turned and hopped up onto Lestrade's desk.
"You didn't seem to mind when Lestrade and Donovan walked in on us the other day."
"I think so." John scratched at his jaw. "Seems the best option, anyway."
"Not precisely this, no, but..." He took a deep breath. No reason to be bashful at this point, it seemed. "Mary and I both really enjoyed pegging, so I know I can handle whatever you've got for me."
John broke the kiss and released his grip after a few seconds. Sherlock smirked at him. "You think a single kiss from you will enable me to solve this case?"
"Don't."
"Many reasons," Sherlock said. "Stop talking."
"No." Sherlock let the envelope slip from one hand to the other and back again. "More than just a single sheet of paper, though." He held it up to the light over John's head, frowning when it failed to reveal what was inside.
Before he could even turn around, the door that led to Sherlock's bedroom opened and Sherlock entered the bathroom once again. He handed Rosie a faded green t-shirt and held out a dark blue shirt to John.
He thought she meant the ones that had been on his hand, and tried to distill the process of melting into words she would understand, but then he saw that the precipitation in the air had changed back almost entirely to rain again, in the space of just a few seconds. Winter in London. "They'll be back, Rosie. Another day. We'll have snowflakes again, I promise."
John grimaced and nodded. "Quite a few times, actually. Usually at work. From patients, not my co-workers. They've probably just used Google to find out."
"No," Mycroft said. "It's too risky having you and John wandering about. I want you all here where I can keep tabs on you."
"What? What will you do? Is it murder? I could use a good murder." Sherlock squirmed in the chair until he was sitting more or less upright again.
"A cure for...?"
Mycroft ignored Sherlock, speaking into his phone. "Yes, we'll need another team sent to Baker Street. Sherlock's flat. No, nothing like that. He has an...unexpected visitor and we'll need someone equipped to handle an infant. I think we should be able to find a placement at Hartswood, perhaps?"
There was a short burst of staticky feedback and then a voice came through the phone, soft and lilting. "Hi, Sherlock. Hello, Johnny. Did you miss me?"
"What...?" Lestrade looked at Sherlock and John, but Sherlock was not about to explain anything to him.
"I'll complain if I want to," John said, and pumped his hips twice, arse waggling inches from Sherlock's face. ""Put your fingers back, now. Please. I need—"
"Yes. We'll move them when it's time for the real thing."
"Hi Sherlock! Didn't expect to hear from you today. Have you finally come to your senses?"
"You're lying."
John squinted up at him. "You did?"
John raised his eyebrows and felt his grin spread wider. The dressing gown he was wearing was exceedingly comfortable, but he had a feeling he wouldn't be wearing it for much longer.
Sherlock set her down on the path that ran through the park and took a moment to catch his breath. She was small, for an almost-three-year-old, but after a dozen or more swoops up into the air, she was starting to feel heavy. "Okay, okay. One more time," he said, and glanced over his shoulder. There were plenty of other people out in the park, families with children and couples walking their dogs, but no one was paying attention to him and Rosie at all. The Santa hat and puffy red coat he was wearing definitely worked as a disguise, and Rosie found the idea of him as Santa Claus hilarious. He should have thought of wearing an outfit like this out in public long ago.
"Are you sure we shouldn't send him one quick text to tell him we're here? Or use his computer to send him an email?"
Rosie laughed and threw her arms around his neck; he hoped he'd truly cleaned everything off her face. "I'm not a mess," she said.
John couldn't stop his snort of disbelief. "When did she save your life?"  Not killing him at Sherrinford could hardly be considered saving his life, even by Sherlock's standards.
"What Mummy means to say is that we've missed you, and it's quite nice to have the whole family together like this." Mr. Holmes smiled, then waved a hand towards John and Rosie, who had come out from the kitchen and was standing partially behind him, clinging to his right leg. "Especially since our family's nearly doubled in size. Why don't I pop down to the café and bring us up a nice treat? Rosie, do you want to help me pick out something yummy that we can all eat?"
of that fic. John is supposed to wear them for a little while every day to help keep his bones and muscles in shape, though they aren't expected to ever be a practical means of locomotion. He hates them and really doesn't like other people to see him wearing them. Someone asked what they look like so here's a couple of examples (his are probably not pink):
"All the work you're doing?" John raised his eyebrows in exaggerated shock. "How many boxes have you carried upstairs?"
I did not expect the "getting together" storyline to be taking up so many of these prompts, and yet here we are. Apparently Sherlock or John will somehow encounter everyone mentioned on Sherlock's list??? You would think by now I would know how to plot/plan ahead of time instead of just making stuff up when I see that day's prompt, but no.
"All right." Sherlock didn't look up from his phone, until he replayed John's words in his head. "Wait—that bathtub." He stood up, dislodging Stone, who'd been sitting with his head on his lap on the sofa.
He shouldn't have been ashamed, but he had been. Still was, when he thought about it. He'd wished so hard when he was a child, but it never made a difference. He knew his parents had loved him, and had done their best, but he'd never wanted to put his own child in the same position.
He was tempted to wait for John to figure out his intentions on his own, but that could take all day. And it had been 57 hours and 33 minutes since they'd last kissed, and even longer since they'd done anything else together. "I'm tired of not being able to touch you, so I decided to take precautions."
"Oh, Sherlock, your hair."
“John.” Sherlock rasped in his ear.
John tackled a player from the opposite team, remaining on top of him for barely a moment after the initial fall, but Sherlock’s body tensed and a deep rumbling growl resonating through his bones.
“If I am distant, it doesn’t mean I don’t care about you.” John acknowledged.
Sherlock allowed Mycroft to ease his grip on his own hair and wordlessly let his hands drop to raise his head and meet the searching eyes of his brother.
John glared at Mycroft. He would never like him, no matter if he saved his sister’s life. Mycroft was a self entitled ponce. John prayed his intended wasn’t like Mycroft. If his intended proved to be the complete opposite of Mycroft, it would be a blessing.
“You don’t have to say anything dear. I’m here. Don’t worry. I’ll take care of you.”
"I didn't apply for an omega." Mycroft blurted out, needing Gregory to know this. That was why he'd come here in the first place.
"It's okay though. I like you just the way you are." John amended, leaning into the touch of Sherlock's hand that sought to cradle his face. He shut his eyes enjoying the feel of Sherlock's warmth.
Sherlock’s eyes widened in disbelief, then burned with an intensity that many would shy away from, but not John.
"But what?" Sherlock edged, uncomfortable with the pause. How thoughts of Victor Trevor could cause John to fall deep within his thoughts.
John searched Sherlock's eyes for something and seemed to find it. When Sherlock's heart gave a painful throb and his features couldn't hide the feelings he'd felt for so long. Sherlock watched as John's deep blue eyes dampened and shined in the light and his cheeks flushed with feeling.
wasn't said aloud, but implied.
.” John admonished, contradicting his fervor by leaning in close and inhaling heavily of the alpha.
trying now, wasn’t he?
John’s hand splayed out over his stomach at the remembrance of why he was here. The padding of bandages under his hospital gown sent a trill of terror through him. They’d operated… No… He was in his first trimester…
"I... Is it okay if I keep my shirt on?"
“Everyone has their limits.” Sherlock deadpanned.
." Sherlock spat the last part hatefully, because he would forever refuse to call the alpha, by his name. His alpha had abandoned him and married another, disregarding his existence. Sherlock would repay the alpha's sentiments in kind.
John quaked in Harry’s arms and her words couldn’t quite reach John’s ears as images of his future life flashed in his mind’s eye.
The unsettling in Sherlock’s abdomen lightened when John repudiated the notion.
"What is it?"
Sherlock’s nose brushed the side of his temple and John heard the deep inhale as the alpha scented him. Footsteps echoed and John knew the D.I. was coming back up. Not understanding why he felt guilty, John released Sherlock’s arms and took two steps back.
“Sweet.” John murmured under his breath, swallowing wetly as his senses enhanced and the alpha within came to the forefront. A deep graveling growl broke through the silence and fangs descended, peeking passed his parted mouth. His lips brushed along the silky skin of his omega’s scent gland and without further warning pierced deep.
John couldn’t take three days of this, three long,
Ella nodded slowly, unaffected by John’s outburst.
Sherlock wanted to reach out and touch John. He wanted to hold his head and shove him onto his tiny cock, make John suck him up and roll his tongue around his whole length, but Sherlock felt fat. He could hardly curl himself upright without giving way to laborious panting.
“We’re married.” John said, feeling slightly uneasy with the possibility of it.
"Hmm?"
“They want me to produce kin. It’s unfair, but I’m an omega, bound. I could only run, but that would leave mum and dad open to a lawsuit.”
“Shut up.” John hushed, leaning forward and dipping his head at the crook of Sherlock’s neck and contentedly began nuzzling up close to his alpha’s scent gland, scenting his love with so much affection it bled out of his heart.
Maybe he shouldn’t have registered? Being alone wasn’t so bad was it? This… It all felt a bit strange.
“What’s happened John? Tell me.”
"Oh, Sherlock. You should have said something. It's perfectly normal to have sore joints and muscles when pregnant. Where does it hurt?"
“You remember what I told you sweetheart. Just walk up the aisle and follow your alpha’s lead.” Mrs. Watson spoke beside her son, pressing a kiss to his head of hair and choking back another sob of joy, before she left him to meet Mr. Watson and Harry.
John turned away to stare in the other direction, not wishing to speak. He couldn’t even remember the last time he ate a real meal. He could, however, remember the last feeding tube they’d attached to him, three days ago.
Irene Adler simply raised a challenging brow.
Sherlock didn't like cats. Never had. They were too small. They had evil eyes. They purred, which was bloody strange. They were friendly and then they weren't - or so that was how the cats in his neighborhood as a child were like.
"Look at me." John's demand rang out beyond the slapping of flesh and heavy panting.
"Mycroft! That bloody weasel did something to our suppressants, switched it with something, all so that what's happened could happen." Sherlock rushed to explain and finished buttoning up his dress shirt.
Scanning John's features carefully, Sherlock surmised it was the latter. Eyes twinkling darkly, Sherlock slid his hand up from John's chin to grasp tightly to soft blond hair and jerked his head at a strained angle.
"Sherlock, please." John rose from the sofa and reached out for the omega.
The day begun like any other, Sherlock woke earlier than was sanely agreeable and made it a point to carefully remove himself from bed as to not wake his husband. After readying himself for the day, he took to drinking two cups of coffee and began working on a human skin cell experiment in the kitchen. Several hours passed as he lost himself in experimenting and noting his observations.
Victor was a kind man, but he also held a strength of character and sarcasm that fit John's perfectly. They both enjoyed so many of the same things. The more they'd spoken the more John realized how lonely he'd currently felt. True, he'd always been social, but now, spending some time with Victor had made John realize, that since he'd left the army, he'd only had Harry, and to a certain extent Sherlock.
“I’m stronger than I look.”
“I should go back. I’ll keep them distracted. Come when you’re ready.”
The alpha's eyes grew pained as he stared at his mate full of grief. The bitter scent of his guilt did not pacify Sherlock. His alpha had betrayed him. It didn't matter what Mycroft told him. So what if his alpha joined the army at 18 and spent most of his life as a Captain in the army. So what if his alpha had come back after his parents arranged a marriage for him? It was his alpha's duty to get tested. Instead, he'd married someone else, mated with some beta, and in so doing assigned Sherlock his second.
Sherlock hummed distractedly, completely missing the intensity of which John spoke his words.
"Can I, John? Can I taste you?"
“What is?” John was at a loss.
John felt sick as it suddenly all made sense. Sherlock had forgiven Mary and wanted to release her because of John. He thought John wanted Mary and this... God, John felt disgusted with himself for allowing Sherlock to believe he'd been unfaithful and wanted another mate. Yet, John was far too numb to even voice the inaccuracy of Sherlock's belief.
John pursed his lips, displeased with the order Sherlock shot his way; just because there seemed to be a rivalry between these two omegas did not give Sherlock any right to treat him so hostilely. They were mates and John was devoted to Sherlock, but he wasn’t a dog and Sherlock needed to stop treating him as such.
"He's... not well, that's all. He doesn't trust me. I'm trying." John confessed, because more than a wife, Mary was his friend. His best friend.
Sherlock almost felt like a fool, having spent hours in the bookstore reading 'how to romance your partner' books, but he was positive they'd help. So Sherlock followed the directions. He'd set the mood; lit red and white long candles filled their temporary home, red rose petals lined the entryway and led a trail to the dining room where more petals covered the set table. A small bouquet of red roses was the centerpiece. A bottle of champagne was placed on ice at one end of the table. A CD of today's greatest romantic hits was on. The music played softly in the background as Sherlock gave the room a once over, being sure nothing was amiss, and then he smelled it...
Sherlock snatched it up and stuffed it into his pea coat pocket in one quick motion, then wordlessly strolled back to Mycroft’s side. The two walked quietly together, Sherlock unable to remove the smile tugging at the corners of his lips. He didn’t even care when Mycroft chuckled softly to himself.
John's face turned hot as he palmed it, trying not to look, but being unable to stop himself from doing so because...
Sobbing miserably, John’s trembling hands struggled in removing the coat and scarves. He failed utterly, what with the power of his convulsions. The landlady and Harry assisted him without a word. They didn’t bother waiting for him to ask for help, knowing he wouldn’t, most likely unable to formulate the coherency enough to speak clearly.
Sherlock's eyes fluttered shut, his lips parted in a voiceless gasp as rough hands pressed at his sensitive inner thighs, pushing them wider, all so the alpha could devour him. John did. Sherlock was being eaten alive and it felt amazing. Why hadn't Sherlock let himself have this before? He was an idiot. An idiot who'd deprived himself of this beautiful wonderful thing called sex.
“Professionally?” John inquired.
“Yes, Mycroft said as much. What does that mean?”
"Leave me alone." Sherlock sobbed pitifully, tears breaking free, his mind palace quaking under the weight of so many stressors. It was already just barely staying together. If his mind palace fell, he didn't know what would become of him.
“Well, isn’t that nice. Victor finds you desirable.” Sherlock started in, feigning joyful, and John groaned, bowing his head into his hands once more, not from exhaustion as before, but from frustration.
As Gregory slipped into his bed sheets in the dimly lit bedroom, Mycroft watched the shadowed lump on the bed for several long moments more.
Sherlock glanced down to his bandaged ankle; the care John had placed in soothing his hurt ankle… the kindness John showed him every day even when Sherlock didn’t deserve it…
Sherlock blinked slowly. Struggling to stay aware of his surroundings, but his mind and body were too far gone for an omega. He was 36. His mind was sick, as too was his body becoming. But now, now the alpha had claimed him with the bond of a mated alpha and omega pair.
"I'm sorry sir, I know you said you didn't want to be bothered, but um... D.I. Lestrade from the NSY is here."
Sherlock gave a curt nod, hands coming together, fingers pressed jointly and resting under his chin as Sherlock took on his thinking pose.
John had slept with so many people and it disgusted him. It hurt him. It made him angry. Yet, staring at his hand he could not see the stain of it. John did not smell dirty and defiled. He smelled of alpha... and of him.
John needed to shut up! It was acceptable for alphas to have more than one lover, Sherlock even knew this, but he couldn’t! John needed to know if his alpha was like so many others.
"Don't be unreasonable. There have been occasions an alpha made the mistake of marrying, trying to defy what is biological."
"I don't want you." Sherlock sobbed weakly. "You didn't want me."
John jolted to awareness when his intended grabbed his left hand, but then he saw the ring he held in his other hand and he realized why he’d taken hold of his hand. He hadn’t even realized the priest had gotten to that part, but then again he found himself lost in thought. John remained deathly still as his intended placed the ring on his finger and spoke in a soft yet resonating voice.
“What is it?”
Suppressants repressed his heats, thankfully, but it would appear he was still rather capable of achieving emission. For some, suppressants had the side effect of fully repressing their sexual functions, but apparently, Sherlock just had to be one of the unlucky ones.
This was all John's fault. That alpha was the cause of his abnormalities. Because of John, Sherlock masturbated one time more than that one time during puberty and one heat. Because of John, Sherlock was suffering from painful palpitations of the heart.Because of John, Sherlock was crying like a child.
“Axel. He’s an American Saddlebred horse, and mum’s favorite.” Sherlock broke through the stillness. John froze for one moment in time. How long had the alpha been watching him? John met the pale gray eyes of his alpha. Sherlock’s eyes brightened as he approached.
A shuddering inhale of breath echoed against John’s ear as his omega stiffened against his astringent hold. John growled again, more feral than before, releasing Sherlock’s neck of his unforgiving bite to hungrily mouth at the bleeding wound and never expected for large hands to take hold of his forearms and dig tightly. John couldn’t pull away. He didn’t want to. Sherlock was his. Now and forever, just his. Always.
"You won't have me sexually." Sherlock growled, infuriated by the hallucination, because it could so easily come true if the alpha dared to order him as an alpha could.
John waited… and waited, eyes clamped tight, but he never felt the sting of a malicious touch.
“Take a look at where you’re standing and make a deduction. You are to be engaged by the highest in the land.
person, unless they
Sherlock couldn’t quite place it, but John wasn’t acting the same since that evening he’d come home an emotional mess. John didn’t do emotions, not like a normal person. He was too stubborn for that. Instead, John liked to bury it all inside and deal with it alone. Never did he seek Sherlock’s comfort or support, no matter if that was all Sherlock wanted.
"Sherlock."
“Sherlock… Sherlock… Thank you… Thank you… Thank you…” John wept, smearing his tears against Sherlock’s shirt.
Sherlock thought to himself. His face felt hot, the heat growing ever so as his stomach roiled and his arousal awakened. John smelled so sweet – no longer was his scent absent from the suppressants. It was a scent he was familiar with, but in John’s current conditions, his scent mixing with the muskiness of arousal and the hints of pre-come -
“It won’t be so bad.”
Mycroft noticed the growing tension between them, mostly from John’s side and asked to speak with John privately. John didn’t want to talk with Mycroft, but when that blasted ring tone
"Goodnight, John."
"So what was
John stared blankly at the woman.
Sherlock waited for John to make the first move.
John should have asked for more time to think it over, but this was Harry they were talking about. Harry, his sister, the last remaining member of his family he actually cared about. For Harry he could kill, for Harry he could die, for Harry he could marry.
“I’m not sulking and I’m not in love.” John barked out stubbornly.
"I'm sorry. I know you have Mary now and you don't feel the same, but I want you to know that I... I love you. I will
“John.” Sherlock’s hips rocked against the motion of his hand.
“Well you know what I think, don’t you?” The woman sneered.
John loved his family, but to love a person of no relation… John was unfamiliar with that type of emotion.
"Sherlock..." John bit his bottom lip just as the door swung open and Harry greeted them with a wide smile upon her face.
“Come along, John.” Sherlock cheerily called as he made a quick right and John trailed after him.
.” Sherlock was sobbing, honest to God tears falling from his pale face and John’s vision was now clear enough to see that Sherlock was close to hyperventilating himself.
"I don't wish to hear anything you have to say. I simply wanted to tell you a few things. This flat has two rooms. One is mine, the other is a spare. The spare will now be your room for the time being. Once my mind is healed enough, I'm sure I will be fine being alone for the times you wish to be with your wife."
must have told you.”
~~~~~~~~~~~~
John bit his tongue, refusing to laugh even when Sherlock let out a soft giggle.
“Thank you, for your concern, but that is hardly necessary. I did take sex education in middle school and as you know, I am a doctor, so the lessons are unneeded.”
~~~~~~~~~~~~
“Fine.” Mycroft hissed, “Perhaps you can get through to him, John.”
“Why would he do that?” John was alarmed by Sally’s declaration.
John glared at Mycroft’s back as he left. When he disappeared beyond the entryway, John set his sights back on Sherlock and his features softened immediately.
Sherlock paused to enjoy the view. Taking pleasure as each part of John was laid open to his sight.
"All of them. I didn't care. I just wanted to feel a warm body." John answered begrudgingly.
John hadn’t meant it in that way, and although Sherlock had said he wouldn’t mind deepening their relationship in such a way, this was definitely not the way to go about doing such.
Mycroft adverted his eyes to the ground and gave a slight nod.
"Pretty, Sherlock... So very pretty."
“What?” John groused.
“Yes, Lestrade, you interrupted. Let me guess, there’s a case you need my expertise on.” Sherlock grumbled acerbically, crabby, turning from the D.I. to retrieve his coat and scarf.
John covered his mouth with his hands and silently wept as the women spoke once more and he finally listened in.
“How can you possibly know about the drinking?”
“Okay, shut up, Sherlock. Shut up. You…you knew all about my sister, right?”
There came some 'aw's' from the nosy women, but Sherlock didn't hear them as John's lips tickled the shell of his ear and he spoke.
Sherlock stilled at once, brows furrowing, worry clearly etched in the creases of his eyes.
“Crime scene. Next.”
“Listen closely, John. I know Mycroft must have said some things to you and I will explain everything, I promise, but you have to—”
Moments of silence came after, then the pattering of footsteps, the steps becoming louder as they approached. John stared expectantly at the opening of the living area and when Mrs. Holmes returned embracing the arm of a tall, pale man, John felt the air dispel from his lungs.
“Sherlock…” John started, face tense, glaring at himself.
“You told her to let him know I chose it, right?”
John whimpered again, less needing and in pain; that struck Sherlock deep in the heart. John broke the kiss immediately and drew back.
.” Sherlock strangled out and attempted to clear his throat.
“J—John, are you…?” Sherlock was flummoxed, brows raised in astonishment.
When Sherlock entered his home office, he collapsed onto his grey leather chair and angrily yanked his tie off, throwing it as far as he could before burying his head in his hands and let out a soft, wrecked whine.
A new agent entered his office.Mycroft had an inkling as to what the disturbance regarded.
John cried convulsively into the pillow as Mrs. Hudson stood by the bed dialing Sherlock again, only to be sent to voicemail.
"I'd have never done that."
“…Mycroft,” Gregory began weakly.
“I met him, dear. He was a well-mannered alpha and smelled just fine.”
.” Moriarty was entertained.
As Sherlock sat himself in the cab, heading back home where his alpha was sure to be losing his mind with worry, he knew what he could and could not do. Sherlock could endure nine bloody horrible months carrying John's litter, if it meant that John's depression faded, he gained ultimate joy, and
Sherlock glanced over to his omega, scenting his distress, and yet feeling unable to comfort him. It didn't feel right. John didn't want him. Mary was who he needed and wanted, but he felt unable to fight for someone who had nearly ended his life. Sherlock knew this, because he'd seen them. John had chosen Mary. If Mary was who John wanted, Sherlock would fix it. He would make things right.
Before Lestrade could say anything else, Sherlock was out the door.
?” Sherlock’s right brow rose portentously, “I think not.”
Beaming at the still slumbering alpha, Sherlock made quick work stripping his clothing and slipped into the bed. Wrapping his arms around John's waist, he buried his nose against the alpha's scent gland. John shifted in Sherlock's arms, sighing sleepily before tucking his head deeper in his pillow and Sherlock shut his eyes.
When Mycroft was left alone once more, he felt ill. His stomach roiled. Churning consistently and he found it difficult to revert back to his work. Instead, Mycroft called in the new agent and asked him to let his driver know he would like to leave the office. Mycroft wanted to go home, drink from his expensive bottle of scotch and lay within the stillness of his bedroom. His day was done. He needed to sleep away the sickness that claimed him.
John never noticed how Sherlock leaned against the wall and blew out a heavy breath as he opened the door and was greeted by a smiling Angelo standing outside.
Sherlock sent John a look, unable to attain John's meaning, so instead he set his pen down and took the bag. John watched contentedly as Sherlock hurriedly threw out the tissue paper, all the while he continued his carding of his alpha's hair.
Sherlock’s pups.
“Why don’t you tell me about your first night being wed?” Mycroft suggested, sensing John’s dilemma.
“William Sherlock Scott Holmes, do you commit yourself to John Hamish Watson, to love, honor, respect each other, to communicate with each other, to look to your own emotional health so that you can relate in a healthy way, and provide a healthy home for children if you choose to have them; to be a support and comfort for your partner in times of sickness and health, as long as love shall last?”
Some talked about there being a fourth status, sub-status really, an alpha submissive. Alpha submissives don’t exist. Alphas, although being born leaders and having the strong urge to dominate, could submit under the right conditions, if the love was strong enough, pure enough. Mycroft had seen it in Sherlock. Sherlock’s love for John was sincere, so pure, and true. Even though Sherlock was the alpha and John was just an omega, Sherlock would willingly concede to John’s will, because John’s happiness meant more to him than status.
John caught up to Sherlock, briskly walking at his side: the two of them made their way down the aisle surprising their unprepared guests and came to a sudden halt before the priest. The clergyman smiled at them and welcomed their guests to witness their union.
John was skeptical.
Sherlock's tender skin rippled with the soft delicate brush of John's chest hair gliding against his own chest... The omega was helpless to stop himself from rising up and unabashedly nuzzling the alpha's clavicle. Scenting his husband's musk, it overpowered the normally sweet scent. The heavy scent of pre-come drove Sherlock's omega wild. John's hands moved over Sherlock's shoulders, slipping the shirt further away. Moving awkwardly, Sherlock twisted his arms and John tugged hard, removing the sleeves from his arms, and tossed it over the bed.
“John, forgive me, please. I didn’t mean to hurt you. I didn’t mean it.”
Sherlock was stuck at NSY station filling out paperwork for a case. The consultant had whined about it to John on the phone when the alpha called him to find out where he was. It wasn't usual for Sherlock to be out when John returned from work. Not since Sherlock was pregnant. The omega stayed home more often than not because of his pregnancy. The cases he went to solve lately weren't as dangerous, as John had asked  it of him. Just until Sherlock was physically fit to take on more dangerous ones. Right now, they had their pups to think about.
“Don’t say foolish things! Sherlock is coming.” Mrs. Hudson lied, uncertain, and John lowered his head on the pillow, ruined.
A sudden thought occurred to John. He was pregnant and it was a well known truth that, pregnant omegas became rather aroused during the beginning stages of their pregnancy. But was that really what made John so needy? He hadn’t felt aroused until after he’d kissed Sherlock, but couldn’t it be a belated response?
John’s brows tensed in a pensive grimace of longing and sorrow. Growing all the more pained when Sherlock’s eyes suddenly became pools of fear and he moved to stand in front of him. John watched with slight worry as Sherlock lowered himself to kneel in front of him, his hands fisting at his sides and he bowed his head, almost guiltily.
“What’s the matter with how I'm dressed?” Sherlock frowned. It was one of his favorite outfits.
the drugs squad, but they’re very keen.” Lestrade explained.
“My… babies, they… they need to be okay. Save them. Please, doctor, save my babies.” John whimpered feebly.
It was both infuriating and admirable. Sherlock frowned deeply.
John stared at their interlaced hands and when he tried to slip his hand out, Sherlock tightened his hold. There was no possible way to pinch, scratch, or even attempt to snap the alpha’s fingers in this hold. Regardless, John yanked and tugged, twisting his own wrist trying to free himself, but it was futile.
John growled, startling Sherlock. Raising his eyes back up, Sherlock found angry dark blue glaring daggers at him. All at once, John reached out and fisted the lapels of Sherlock’s coat and drew him in close.
Mycroft set his glass down on the nearby bookshelf, his features softening, understanding flooding, before anger took root, and he uttered one name with derision, "John."
” The disbelief was clear in her voice.
Sherlock squirmed, tugging the sheets from the bed, creating a mess around them. One leg jerked, sliding down the bed before he raised it back and in place, keeping himself open.
“Boring.” Sherlock answered and moved to seat himself in his leather chair.
“Thank God!
~~~~~~~~~~~~
The gentleman stared on, regarding whether or not he should say.
“W—we don’t have to go if you don’t want to. I’ll come up with an excuse.” Sherlock abated.
John’s body trembled, sweat dampening the sheets and all John could do to silence the distressed and frantic sobs from being clearly voiced and further shaming him was to bite into the pillow and drown out the words tumbling out of him as he humped himself to bliss.
“Sherlock!” John hollered, letting the other man know he’d gone too far ahead of him.
"Right. So you see, this is all rather understandable." Sherlock unfolded his arms and dug a hand under the comforter, blindly searching for his clothes.
"What about all he's done to save you?"
— searching through the layers of his mind palace, opening countless doors in search of something he needed to remember. He couldn’t find it. It was driving him mad and he screamed within his mind palace, breaking vases, upturning chairs, knocking down book shelves, taking a sledge hammer to walls, trying to find the secrets of his mind palace.
"Stop it!" Victor screamed, horrified by the beginnings of John's rejection, a trembling hand running through his hair and fisting painfully in his soft locks, pure sorrow creasing his features.
John cared so much for Mary, but his care for her equaled the care he held for his sister. John wanted Mary in his life, he wanted her friendship, but Mary had to accept that John was not capable of loving anyone anymore. The one person he'd loved, he'd lost two years ago.
Sherlock’s arms dipped under John’s, John’s wrapped around Sherlock’s shoulders and brought him in close.
“If I asked you to kneel before me in front of your family, strangers… would you?” John’s lips pursed, already knowing the answer. The alpha was a liar.
Sherlock exited first and John followed after him. The alpha didn’t validate his presence and John felt slight dissatisfaction by this. At least his alpha could acknowledge him. Regardless of his feelings, John followed the tall man through the extensive foyer and into a lavished sitting room. The home was fashionably adorned with expensive artifacts and furniture. Wedding guests were already there, servers weaved through the cluster of guests serving wine and appetizers.
John made a sour face at the very notion of reconciling with that alpha.
“Why do you think that is?”
“Mm, a lot.” John croaked frailly.
John slowly rose from the bed and trudged down the steps with dread. Sherlock was seated in his leather chair much like how John had found him several hours earlier. John stopped on the landing and stared at the alpha in silence.
As John prepared dinner, Sherlock stopped playing and set his violin and bow on the study table and mutely entered the kitchen. He hadn’t the chance to ask if Sherlock wanted salad or steamed vegetables before the alpha pinned him against the refrigerator and claimed his mouth as his own. It was all hands and lips and John welcomed Sherlock’s need for intimacy, understanding right then, Sherlock needed John and the comfort he could provide. They didn’t eat dinner that night, instead Sherlock fucked John against the refrigerator, kitchen table, hallway floor, and lastly on his bed, before they’d collapsed completely exhausted.
“Out.”
“Why did you?”
John stared through his tears at the hazy door in horror and released the most frayed howl of grief he’d ever bayed. The sobs came then, powerful, treacherous, destroying sobs of absolute anguish for the love he’d lost, for the pain he’d endured, and the loneliness that he had yet to feel.
"Nothing."
Mycroft quickly moved to stand at the back of his desk, staggering in his movements, pain of his wounded shoulder weakening him, but then he pressed a button under his desk and several seconds later eight agents entered.
"No, let me finish... I... know how hard things are for you. I know you can't forget him, and I'm not asking you to. It's just... Meeting you was the best thing that could have happened."
"Too much?" John growled, ramming into him so good Sherlock was soaking the alpha's bollocks with his want. When John's bollocks began slapping wetly against his own small sack, Sherlock gave a full body shudder.
John stood from his chair and shook his head again.
“Sherlock?” John rasped, his eyes half lidded, delirious with fever.
Sherlock blew a trail of hot air from John’s ear along his jaw line, neck, and then the breath stilled and a soft rose petal glided against his inner left thigh. The trail led up, higher still, nearing the crease of his leg and genitals. John groaned long and loud, unashamed when that delicately soft rose petal circled his bollocks, a finger pressed on the opposite end of the petal applying more weight as it rolled his balls, moving them to its will.
Sherlock's chin trembled with his voiceless sobs. It was futile to stop the tears from pouring from his eyes as he stared red-eyed at his mate - the alpha he still loved.
"Just say it." Sherlock huffed, slamming the jar back to the counter and turning to stare at the side wall.
Sherlock’s brows furrowed, lips parting as if to say something, but then he shut them and nodded adamantly. A spark of hope twinkled in Sherlock’s eyes.
An alpha submissive was known for being possessive, protective, gentle, and a loving mate. An alpha submissive was monogamous and mated only once, just like their intended counterpart omegas. Omegas, more than anything in the world, wanted an alpha that would cherish them. Alphas tended to be in polygamous relationships and many omegas suffered immense pain in such partnerships.
John turned back to his brother in-law and flashed a grateful smile.
“Maybe.” John confirmed.
“You’re cold.”
Though he could not say it, Sherlock was certain John knew. John felt it in the way he'd laid all the affection and care in that one night they'd spent as truly husbands, their wedding anniversary. The one and only night where sentiment was at the most present in their lives. The one night, Sherlock had dropped his guard and showed John the secret that lingered in his vulnerable eyes.
“Have you thought more about the couple’s therapy I recommended?”
“Illustrious. In the extreme. And remaining, I'll have to inform you, entirely anonymous.” An older gentleman said as he entered the room.
Sherlock released a heavy sigh and gazed out his side of the window. John noticed the change in Sherlock, most of the tension of his rigid posture dissipated into nothing. John felt as Sherlock did and in that moment he found amusement in their similar stressors and reactions to such.
John didn’t want to look; looking caused him to feel all the more conflicted. It made it all the more difficult to see Sherlock as the enemy when he was submitting. The omega inside of him was crying out, both touched and hurt that he’d brought his alpha to demean himself.
Tears brimmed at the lids of his eyes the further he walked away from Sherlock and when he was far enough, John let the restrained sobs bubble out of him.
Rough fingers were all at once stroking his wet hole. Running along hairless swelled flesh, soft to the touch, blazing pink. Sensitive. Sherlock's entrance was so sensitive and John knew this, the deviousness of those fingers playfully running along it was proof enough.
All night as Sherlock held John, scenting him, the omega remained stiff in his arms. It seemed too cruel to finally hold his omega in his arms, and know he’d never posses John’s heart. John feared him. A part of Sherlock understood how this might feel for John. As a young boy John was ridiculed, bullied, and harmed by betas. Mycroft’s help had come too late, the mental damage had been done, only now did Sherlock realize this and it pained him.
“I’m pregnant.” John blurted.
“Scenting is not a necessary part of bonding, and I can’t conceive pups when I’m not in heat. As a result, there really is no reason why I must let
Bowing his head, John covered his eyes with his hand and strangled out breathless sobs, choking back the whimpers while screaming at himself to stop the tears before he really lost himself to grief.
“You’ll hurt your back.” Sherlock offered, hopeful John would reconsider as this was surprisingly embarrassing, and yet Sherlock found it fascinating that John continued to hold him within his arm while remaining unaffected by his weight.
John was blushing and so was Sherlock. Groaning with embarrassment, Sherlock ducked his head in his pillow and muffled out an audible, "You can't say lewd things like that!"
I am not an embarrassment!" Sherlock shouted, shaking his head wildly, willing the voices to stop.
Angelo stretched out a hand and John shook it to be polite.
be enough for you.” Sherlock dropped his hand limply at his side, icy blue eyes hardening, glaring at John.
The kisses in public were far more embarrassing and startling. A kiss to the hand when entering or exiting a cab, a kiss to the cheek when John said Sherlock’s scowl was too adorable not to kiss away, a kiss on the lips when Sherlock said something malicious and demeaning to Anderson and Sally when they tried to insult John. Sherlock squawked the first time John did it and heard several officers snicker in the background. Sherlock mumbled something along the lines that John didn’t need to thank him in such a way, but John just smiled kindly and kissed him again, firm and long. Lestrade then cleared his throat and Sherlock refocused on their work.
“What do you think?”
"I do this... because I
Even if John divorced Mary, he'd still have to see her because of that child. That child was the bond that would forever keep John's bitch in their lives and... In the time Sherlock felt himself sink deeper in his despair, John rushed to his side and hands gently cupped his bruised face, kindly wiping away his tears.
“Well,
The next day Mr. and Mrs. Holmes came by and their visit nearly broke John. Mr. Holmes didn’t smell exactly like Sherlock, but Mr. and Mrs. Holmes scent combined gave off hints of Sherlock’s scent and John couldn’t stop himself from breaking down and crying. Mrs. Holmes understood, and for a long while Mr. and Mrs. Holmes sat on either side of him. Mr. Holmes gave off his alpha pheromones while Mrs. Holmes held John and allowed him to sob into her neck while she rubbed his back. She promised that the pain wouldn’t last, that things would work out when all was right, and John would be happy again. John didn’t believe her, but she sounded so sure, that John
"How does your back feel?" John wondered, ignoring the elephant in the room.
"Uh... Okay... Right." John raised his eyes back up to meet Sherlock's own and gave a jerky nod. "I'll just... I'll start doing that."
“John… John! You’re scaring me. What happened?”
“That you’ll leave me when I have nothing to give you.”
"Sorry, I... got carried away."
"What? What's so funny?"
Upon seeing they’d caught John’s attention; questions were shot out in harsh hollering:
Preoccupied with finishing tending to his wounds, Sherlock didn't hear the front door jingle open, nor the approaching footsteps. When John called out his name however, Sherlock heard it and froze. His mind went blank for one startling moment before churning once more with a swarm of thoughts.
“I told you that they won’t.”
As he stood within the lavishly decorated living room of his family’s estate, standing before his seated parents and a reclining, smugly grinning Mycroft, Sherlock smirked at the lot of them.
“John. What the hell?” Sherlock was many things: angry, upset, and bewildered.
“So… nice weather we’re having, eh?”
John tensed when the doorbell rang and he could do nothing more than stare wordlessly up at Sherlock. Cerulean eyes, once soft and open, shifted and were suddenly full of annoyance.
“No, but I knew you were kind and… I purposefully was cruel because I wanted you to hurt like I was.”
As they neared the crime scene a slender woman was there to greet them.
“It’s probably some technique he uses to solve cases.” Lestrade reassured the worry he scented on John.
Swiftly retrieving his laptop from the table of their study, Sherlock went to his room. Locking the bedroom door as a precaution, he logged into his brother’s account and to the surveillance feed of their flat. Searching for the correct camera, date, and time, Sherlock was able to access the footage of John’s heat.
John bit his tongue because Sherlock couldn't see. He couldn't see that John loved him still and that all he felt for Mary was a love of friendship. John just nodded, turned to look away from the alpha, and without another word left his husband standing within a swarm of officers and agents.
"I... don't deserve this, but... I'm happy you came." John raised his head then, met Sherlock's stunned eyes and smiled with such honest care.
Sherlock mutely watched John move about the kitchen, tidying up and lowered his head guiltily. Maybe he should have just eaten the chili, it must have taken John sometime to prepare it, but his pride wouldn’t allow him to retract his words from earlier.
He found the alpha standing motionless, eyes open and warm.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Sherlock and John lay exhausted lumps on the bed, and attempted to catch their breaths. Sherlock couldn't stop smiling like a loon and when he saw John in the same predicament, he giggled. John turned to look at him and gave way to his own giggles. The two lay there like lovesick fools laughing.
"Not like me?"
"Yes, love."
“Nothing.” John choked out, face reddening further as Sherlock’s fingers stroked the back of his hand and John squeezed the alpha’s hand, wordlessly pleading he stop distracting him.
“What? What did I do?” Sherlock was thrown off by the annoyance creasing John’s features.
John cried, face buried against Sherlock’s neck, scenting messily. As John’s sobs softened, tears slowing, John insistently nosed his neck, hands stroking at his back with more fondness and care than John had ever demonstrated. Sherlock’s face heated, ashamed of himself when with the needing caresses John laid on him, his libido spurred to life.
tone, a resonance that struck deep.
Mycroft shot Gregory a withering glare. “I don’t like you.”
John schooled his features.
"I'm going to put it in."
Aunt Mona was their only living relative they had. They’d never met her before their parents death, because their mother never got along with her. Mona was the lovechild of John’s grandfather. Mona was raised separately until her mother passed away, after that John’s grandfather took her into his home and raised her. There had always been tension in the house after that and after his grandfather died, Mona and John's mother broke ties.
When John finally was free from the watchful gaze of his parents, he still couldn’t be with anyone. The suppressants he took during his years in the army were to protect him from alphas. It stopped him from going into heat, but the side effect of the drug caused him to lack any form of a sexual drive. He became genderless and his drug induced scent worked as a repellant to others. Since John didn’t want to be claimed by some crazed alpha when in heat, he’d accepted such side effects. Now, back home, he’d stopped taking his suppressants and would be ready for his heat in two months time.
~~~~~~~~~~~~
John dreamt all night, soothing dreams of a man with enticing blue eyes that were ever changing and a smile that was ever contestant, and when he moaned out the man’s name in the stillness of the room, he was none the wiser, but the alpha lying awake next to him… was.
"Don't you see you already have? You betrayed me two years ago!"
John wanted to curse whoever deemed it appropriate to make a prank call at—John glanced to the clock on the counter—3:23AM, but then there was a noise on the other end. A sharp inhale of breath and John furrowed his brows in confusion.
“Yes. I’m sorry if this comes to you as a surprise, but Sherlock has been engaged to marry for the last five years and now that his omega has finished her schooling, she is ready to marry. Before you start speaking about this being an arrangement planned by his family, Sherlock played a part in it as well — he was the one who chose this omega to marry and decided to marry her after she finished her schooling.”
"Do you... Would you like to have dinner tonight?"
” Sherlock whined priggishly; his nose stuck up snobbishly, “As your mate I deserve some attention.”
“Me either...”
“Fuck.” John exhaled unevenly, his body moving on its own, hips thrusting against Sherlock’s leg situated between his own and grinding the alpha’s straining cock against his hip.
“Oh, John!” Sherlock grunted, fucking his hand viciously, gritting his teeth, burning sensitive skin.
~~~~~~~~~~~~
me. You left me to wither and die and then you came back when I'm on the brink of death, when I've given up all hope, and what? Now I'm just supposed to forgive you? I can't believe I actually - I wanted to try and move on with you, but I can't. We can't have anything together. How can we when you're having a child with your first?"
John, no matter how angry and hurt he was, needed to see Sherlock. They hadn’t spoken after the alpha rescued him from the fire. John knew he didn't owe Sherlock anything, but he couldn't stop himself this time.
” Moriarty sang out as he exited the building.
“John!” Sherlock exclaimed in surprise; the heat of John’s tongue laving over the scar of his bond bite brought with it a tingle of enjoyment through the flustered omega.
When Sherlock experienced his first heat, he’d been stunned. He’d thought since he remained slim of frame it’d somehow diminished his chances of fully maturing as an omega, but maybe his body just took longer to shift because of it. Still, his heat came in the end and his brain had fogged, his intelligence shrank and he’d been driven by lust. He’d spent three long days bringing himself off. He was mortified that he’d resorted to shoving a riding crop deep inside his entrance, rubbing the leather flap repeatedly against his pleasure point, fucking it wildly and sobbing out in sorrow, needing more and never having the means to give it to himself.
understand why you can't be here and still get help."
“John.” Sherlock uttered with astonishment.
“A colleague? How do
“I won’t be in for tea. I’m going to Sarah’s.” John said as he shut the laptop. He’d made plans to meet up with Sarah. John knew he wouldn’t ever stay the night at Sarah’s again: Sherlock hadn’t liked it, no matter if he didn’t come right out and say it, but Sarah was still his friend and he liked having the freedom and Sherlock’s trust to go out and meet with other people.
Sherlock’s fingers sunk in deep, twisted, curved upward and hooked on something, pressed firmly against it. In the next moment John was moaning long and full. That was it; the place that made everything spin and his body blaze with want and shiver with goodness.
, your alpha instincts made you behave like some slobbering pup?
“You know, it is just possible that you won’t be welcome,” Mycroft added, knowing the pain and sorrow John had gone through would not be so easily forgiven, even when it was for a man the omega truly needed in his life.
"I... Sherlock." John didn't know how to respond to that, so instead, he palmed the hand stroking his chest hair and brought it up to his lips where he pressed a tender kiss to the ring finger carrying their wedding band.
know." Sherlock gave, no longer allowing John to hide behind pretense.
“Sex education is more about how the human anatomy works and responds, whereas being educated as a general surgeon gave you little to no education on the dynamics of heat cycles between an alpha and omega. The very least you learned was the psychology and anatomy of each, just slightly more in depth than middle school sex education.” Mycroft concluded, the twinkle in his eyes a clear sign he was enjoying John’s discomfort.
“You don’t look it.” Sherlock observed sullenly.
Something hard, cold, and wet hit the back of his head, bursting on impact. Sherlock froze, momentarily surprised, having never seen this coming, and then turned to find a smugly grinning John behind him.
John's mind was rushing with a disordering amount of thoughts. One thing remained clear through it all,
Omegas didn't tend to sleep around, most hated the idea of being intimate with anyone beside their true mate and were willing to wait for them. However, it wasn't impossible.
A pitchy sound burst forth, a noise brought on by the raw stabbing of his heart, and finally he found the strength to push back against Sherlock’s chest and break their melded bodies apart. Stumbling back and further into his home, John trembled violently, his erratic breaths coming out in harsh pants that ended with soft mews of sorrow. He was so very close to hyperventilating, straddling the line of a full on panic attack.
John nervously seated himself down and allowed the man to get a sample of his saliva and several more of his blood. After the man finished, he packed up his things, nodded to the taller gentleman and exited the flat.
"No, John.
“I—I told you what I could and could not offer.”
, this is getting rather fun, isn't it?”
Sherlock hadn't expected his pillow to vibrate against his chest; a curious hum. Sherlock's eyes snapped open and found a mess of blonde hair inches from his face. Tensing against his pillow that wasn't a pillow, but rather the very John he'd been thinking of, Sherlock found himself laying in his bed, spooning a very naked John. Sherlock lowered his eyes and realized he wasn't any better, and there was no sheets around them to hide the truth of that matter.
“SHERLOCK!”
“No, John. I won’t deny I consented. I’ve blamed myself more harshly and cruelly than you could ever do. But hearing you blame me with such resentment is more pain than my heart can take. Your words cut like a knife. Yes, I am to blame for you getting shot, for us losing our pups, but I want you to know I regret it all—though I know there was no other choice.” Sherlock’s words were filled with more feeling than John had ever heard him express and the fact that his eyes gleamed in the light with unshed tears did something to John’s heart that he could not accept.
"We’re just so pleased it’s all over."
“Don’t be embarrassed John. I rather enjoyed your… enthusiasm.”
“Good. That's good, isn't it?”
“Eat sweetheart, you look positively famished. You must have worn yourself out.” Mrs. Holmes giggled cheerily.
“Don’t look at me like that.” John graveled.
“No, John.
Still... Introducing one's secreted husband as one's bond mate to someone as important as Harry was to John... Well, that was rather nervewracking.
“Shot in the dark. Good one though. Power connection, tiny little scuff-marks around the edges of it. Every night they go to plug it in to charge, but their hands are shaking. You never see those marks on a sober man’s phone, never see a drunk’s without them. There you go, you see, you were right.”
Sherlock didn’t seem bothered by John’s response. He merely rolled his eyes, spun on his heel and made his way out of the flat, meeting Lestrade halfway on the staircase. John chuckled deeply, hearing the two bicker their way down, Lestrade complaining and Sherlock dismissing the detective’s agitated remarks.
“I’m going to tell them.” Sherlock finally said.
“I’ll get some.” Sherlock quickly offered, utterly surprising John.”
The moment John entered the room where his patient was waiting, he wasn't expecting to meet a familiar face. The man sat up on the patient bed, legs crossed, hands pressed behind him, leaning back in a way to accentuate the fullness of his hips and the length of his legs.
“You smell sweet.” Sherlock murmured to himself and John wasn’t sure he was supposed to hear that bit.
“You’re an exceptional liar. I’ve seen you lie for cases… No. You don’t love me.”
Sherlock stopped in his tracks and John stilled himself.
“Have you never wondered about me? Thought that maybe I would be different? I
"It wouldn't have been my fault if I did."
“Yes… No… I don’t know.” John stammered, eyes misting when faced with the possibilities.
"No John. No. You were never in danger of dying."
was another way for him to cut that thought from John’s mind, to make him see the impossibility of Sherlock being in another relationship when he was dedicated to his profession. Though, after, Sherlock felt like a complete ass, because in the very same sentence he’d devalued John’s presence. Nevertheless, this was better; John could take comfort in knowing he wasn’t like other alphas, that he wouldn’t hurt John in that way.
John glared at the beta before him.
"We still have to meet my family, but... It won't be too long before we do."
“I…” John managed to rasp out, voice rough from disuse. “I… missed it, Mrs. Hudson.”
The Holmeses were being too cruel, bending him to their will and he was helpless to defy them because of his love for his sister.
Maybe in Sherlock’s utterance of his name he was trying to express his own subliminal message of love. John hoped he was right in hearing that voiceless,
Sherlock’s brows furrowed, struggling to make sense of John’s words.
Sherlock glowered at the alpha before him. The alpha's eyes were a dark blue, and yet, they held kindness in them. Sherlock loathed the pity of this alpha.
Sherlock nodded with acceptance and offered keenly, “Lunch?”
"What?"
, not to me, John. Not when you know the depths of my love.”
"You will lose him."
"I don't care! It's my choice. I won't go to the hospital. I won't have you check my wounds. I've tended to them myself. I'm fine. It was nothing. I want my tea and I want it in peace."
John moaned and bucked harder against the apple shaped ass of his husband, a sharp gasp broke through, burning his lungs at the deepness of the inhale.
“I love you.” John whispered in the silence of the room as he opened his eyes.
“What is it then?” John was close to pleading with the alpha for understanding.
Sherlock contemplated what story he'd have to tell himself when he woke with ten years of memories wiped from his mind. Mycroft would need to travel to Ireland with him. They would need to set up a hospital room and dress him in a gown from where he'd wake to find Mycroft. His brother would than need to feed him some information about how he'd suffered a car accident or whatever, and that it had wiped his memories.
Placing his hand across the counter of the bar as a subtle way of balancing himself, the alcohol vibrating through him, Gregory decided, ‘why not?’ Why couldn’t he have a one night stand? Was it so horrible? Mycroft would never want him, so what was he supposed to do? Wait around for his whole bloody life for something that might never happen?
"Come like this. Come with my cock. Just my cock." John commanded and Sherlock was helpless, he'd do it for John.
The first push was startlingly painful and he strangled out a horrified scream, cursing himself for not taking the epidural, but he didn't want to risk drugging his babies. He opted for natural birth, though now he was seriously reconsidering his choice, as he still didn't know how many pups he was having.
John’s stomach lurched in the pit of his stomach at the blatant lie he’d told. His omega growling within, frustrated at himself denying the truth of his bond, but John couldn’t clear it up now. Not after saying it.
John felt sick at the questions that kept coming, knowing none of his answers would soothe the omega's pain. That headache was steadily coming and growing in intensity as the omega reeked of pure grief and sadness.
Sherlock lurched to a sudden stop at that voice's proclamation, in the middle of the street. Cars blared their horns, but the omega couldn't hear them over the building voices.
"John is a fool. He can not see things as clearly as we can. If you told him how you felt, pushed the matter more, maybe he'd-" Mycroft pursed his lips, and frowned at Sherlock "You should have pursued him before he married."
John’s features softened. The tugging at his heart felt more heartening than painful now.
Sherlock ushered them past the door, but as soon as he attempted to shut it, Mrs. Holmes stuck her heavy foot at the doorway, keeping it open a sliver. Sherlock opened it slightly, releasing some of the pressure that might have been there and stared up at his mother.
Sherlock's eyes slowly opened and he stared at the dull glow of blond hair lit by the city lights seeping past the bedroom window. He knew how crazy it sounded, but it truly sounded like the alpha was asking him... out on a date.
“We took a shortcut so we could be here when you arrived. John come and meet your in-laws.” Mr. Watson directed his son with an arm over his shoulder to face his in-laws.
John shakily set his toast down, inhaled and exhaled measured breaths and discreetly lowered a hand to grasp a vicious hold on Sherlock’s. He tried to pry the alpha’s hand off his thigh, but Sherlock gripped tightly to him. John watched as Sherlock’s features tensed as if annoyed John was trying to remove his hand, as if Sherlock
“I’m not?”
Mycroft frowned, unimpressed with Lestrade's words.
"Oh!" Sherlock thrust up and into the heavy comforter draped over him. Giving himself the friction of rough cotton, but not enough so to set himself off. It was wonderful and yet still not enough.
“I trust you will inform your men and control their behavior where John is concerned.” Sherlock deadpanned, leaving no room for conversing of anything else.
“I will.”
"Then why?"
John's ass clenched in his grip as he spurted his release in large pulses, until he finally went lax, and Sherlock licked up what remained. Pulling back, John withdrew himself from out of the omega's mouth and shakily moved off his body to lay himself at his side, embracing him warmly.
A woeful howl thundered through the room, ringing out, echoing around him, so powerful and damning.  It left him before he truly realized he’d done it, his omega was taking over completely and John couldn’t silence that part of himself, not now that it was at its most strongest. John let go, shutting his eyes and releasing a heavy breath, he welcomed the most primal side of him and belted out another wrecked howl, deafening, keening, and doleful whines followed.
John was losing Sherlock. Sherlock’s attention was directed to another, a beta, and it was heart wrenching. Sherlock, for all his intelligence, couldn’t see John’s pain, couldn’t see John’s love. John wanted to scream. He wanted to punch Sherlock in the face again. He wanted to demand Sherlock remember him, remember the love he’d once possessed, and drop the case, forget about Irene Adler and never mention her name again. John couldn’t do any of these things because he’d lost his right.
When he entered the flat, he released a sigh of relief, having finally made it home and away from the confused, judgmental, and stunned looks of strangers. A chair scraping against the floor had John’s eyes snapping back open and barely catching the sight of his husband’s back as the tall alpha strode out of the kitchen and down the hall to his room where a door shut loudly, but not hard enough to be considered a slam.
John smiled softly by the look of curiosity in Sherlock’s eyes.
“Really?”
“John.”  The priest encouraged, tilting his head in his intended’s direction.
It was the later part of afternoon and early February. It was nice and cool, but not so cool enough to be unsettling. The sun casted a warm glow on the trees, and grass and people walked, exercised, and mingled around them.
John watched voicelessly as Sherlock stared down at him, eyes open and seemingly in need of something, John wouldn’t dare presume to know of what. He couldn’t risk exposing his true feelings because he knew that this wouldn’t last. Eventually Sherlock would bond himself with an omega and all he could hope for then was to be Sherlock’s second, a lover who never bore the bite mark or claim of an alpha mate. John wouldn’t want that. He didn’t. He’d leave — he truly would. It didn’t matter that alphas didn’t knot without the intent to. Sherlock had been knotting him since the very first time they’d slept together,
Over their many meetings and cups of tea, John found himself opening up to her. Mrs. Hudson noticed the coldness of his and Sherlock’s marriage. She knew it was an arrangement to ensure Sherlock’s health and John found himself confessing his own side to it. John told her everything about Mycroft’s visit and his agreement to ensure his sister’s life. The contract he’d signed only stated he keep the truth of his arrangement from Sherlock himself, not that John couldn’t tell anyone else.
~~~~~~~~~~~~
"Just penetrate me and get it over with." Sherlock's words wavered. He was trying to remain strong, clinical in their approach to this area of their marriage. John knew Sherlock well enough to know this wasn't just sex. This was a vulnerability the omega had never shared with another, and in many ways, John felt similarly. Even though John was uneasy with this new development, he wanted it, and he'd be sure Sherlock knew he'd take care of him.
"I couldn't very well
“Right.” John swallowed dryly, not wishing for Sherlock to see just how affected he was by the very sentimental confession his husband just made and began walking once more.
“John.”
~~~~~~~~~~~~~
“Okay, that was ridiculous.” John said as they leaned against the wall, side by side, staring with amazement at the other.
“Mmm.” Sherlock hummed, still staring at the telly.
Sherlock’s brows furrowed with confusion. Glancing at himself wondering what was the matter with his choice of attire. He wore a fitted purple button up shirt, black slacks, jacket, and leather dress shoes, and a midnight blue wool pea coat.
John was only eighteen, which meant his intended alpha was twelve,
Sherlock would have been undoubtedly angry with John, true, but that anger would have dulled over time. His understanding of why John did what he'd done would have reached past the anger and been accepted for what it had been. Extenuating circumstances and pure idiocy. And as he'd reassured John once before, when Sherlock was righted, he would eventually forgive John.
Sherlock’s nose crinkled as he inhaled in John’s general vicinity and frowned with distaste.
John needed to shower, wash off the scent of his alpha, because this was all so painful. It hurt to leave. It hurt to be near his Sherlock. It hurt most of all to be misunderstood. John didn't know if he made the right decision. All he knew was that his heart always hurt when it was in regards to Sherlock.
Sherlock’s face felt two times hotter now, and that was disgraceful, because his blush was spreading to his ears and down his neck. A clear sign his omega was affected by the in-heat alpha’s words.
Sherlock chuckled humorlessly. "Not this time."
John stood over a simmering pot of pasta sauce he’d learned how to make many years ago from his grandmother. Although it would never taste as good as his Nana's, it was a close second. John really wanted Sherlock to try his pasta. He made it better than the rest of his family. It was his specialty. Sherlock enjoyed Italian food, and John hoped he would appreciate his efforts.
"You mean to seduce me - that's why you asked me up for coffee?" Mycroft deduced, voice soft with thought.
John's ring finger filled him then and set about stretching Sherlock's entrance more so than the previous digits. Sherlock felt the coolness of John's ring rub at his rim with every inward thrust and moaned at the knowledge he'd marked John as his with that ring.
“One of our men died getting this information. All the chatter, all the traffic concurs. There is going to be a terrorist strike on London, a big one.”
"I'm sorry. I shouldn't be saying this to you." John realized his mistake when the scent of sadness came from the beta before him and he sent out his alpha pheromones to soothe the beta. John couldn't risk stressing her and their child.
, of course it was. Extraordinary, it was
“John?” Sherlock said with astonishment and concern that maybe John was being a little too insistent.
"I just mean..." Sherlock lowered his gaze to stare at John's chest and slid a hand there to stroke at the hardness behind a brown jumper. "It'd be nice to have pups who were as patient and understanding as you."
Another thing that bothered Sherlock was how his mind felt unsettled as if something was off—missing. Something was missing and Sherlock couldn’t figure out what it was. It was as if it were over the horizon, just needing a bit more time to make its presence known. Something needed to happen to get him over the hill to overlook the truth set at an unachievable distance. What that was still remained unclear, but Sherlock wanted it. He desperately needed to find that truth, the one constantly nagging in the back of his mind wishing to be revealed but being locked away somewhere unknown.
"God, yes John." Sherlock exclaimed in agreement.
John knew Sherlock understood when conception and sorrow flashed across his face.
"I won't betray you."
The moment John locked the bedroom door behind him, the alpha submissive worked on removing his clothing. John’s movements were clumsy, his fingers struggled with unbuttoning his shirt and the alpha finally gave up, using his extending claws to shred away at his clothing until he was completely bare.
Lestrade chuckled, not fronted that Sherlock thought him incapable of deducing such truth.
“Sherlock, are you okay?”
John chortled merrily, pressing his lips against Sherlock’s cheek before brushing them to Sherlock’s warm ear, loving it tenderly as he spoke his next words.
“Irene Adler, professionally known as The Woman.”
Lestrade rolled his eyes, even as a hint of a smile twinkled in them, “Okay, give me.”
“Good.” Sherlock murmured happily.
Sherlock drew further inside of himself. As if he wanted to hear about John's many years with that beta. He didn't want this. He wanted the alpha gone. Away from him. He wanted to go back home to Baker Street.
.” Sherlock's voice filled with remorse, but John wasn’t having any of it.
John’s eyes were beginning to water no matter how he tried to stop them from doing so.
John was up in an instant, rushing after the fleeing omega.
Meeting John's gaze head on, Sherlock leaned forward so that his head was level with John's pulled back one. Even upside down, with Sherlock pulling painfully at the alpha's hair, John looked strong and indestructible.
"John." Sherlock hummed, nuzzling his omega back with just as much affection, "I'm sorry."
“John, every person is different. Everyone responds differently.” Dr. Levy hedged, glancing from John to Sherlock.
“Hmm?”
"Sherlock." John gasped, tensing in the tight embrace of the omega.
~~~~~~~~~~~~
John couldn't look away from Sherlock's hand.
“It’s enough for tonight.”
This was all wrong. John was supposed to forgive him. Yell at him, curse him, punch him, maybe, but in the end he was supposed to forgive him.
Instead of dominating, Sherlock was dominated. Sherlock let John guide their movements, decide what they would do. Then John said those powerful words and Sherlock felt great grief. It was tormenting each and every time John said those words to him because he couldn’t believe them. How could he when John was feverish with heat and knew that he was no good for giving in and consummating their marriage during a confusing time for his omega?
Lestrade left to wait downstairs while Sherlock walked up to John
“Give me pups.” John begged, desperately wriggling where he knelt on the bed.
Eyes blinking slowly, Sherlock tiredly made his way to the bathroom, discarded his bloody clothes and entered the shower. Letting the heat of the spray wash away the blood, Sherlock felt his tension slip away. He scrubbed his body again and again, the reminder that just that morning he'd laid beside John, held him, and even foolishly kissed him.
“Good.” John beamed. “I’m yours. I’ll always be just yours, Sherlock.”
Gripping to Sherlock's fleshy hips, John stepped back and Sherlock followed, never breaking contact with those delicious lips. John led them slowly back into the home and in the direction of his room. John's room, where his scent was sure to make Sherlock crazed.
“Oh for God’s sake! The Speckled Blonde?” Sherlock bit out before storming off and John could only exhale a frustrated breath for what seemed like the umpteenth time.
“What?” Sherlock mumbled; offended John found amusement in a question he believed to be important.
The click of the other line echoed in John’s ear. Exhaling a heavy breath, John set his cell on the table, no longer needing it; another would be awaiting him in his new flat in Poland. Making his way to the bedroom, John began running a list of what he needed to pack.
“You never clearly stated what was bothering you. You said things,
Sherlock felt heat blossom upon his face and shut his eyes, mortified that he enjoyed that idea more than he thought he would. His hand growing bolder as it ran up and down the expanse of the omega’s back, stroking kindly over his jumper, heating his hand pleasantly the longer he continued.
"I'm infertile because of you! If you had registered two years ago I would have been saved. But instead you married that beta and left my omega to give up and wither away. I could have given you everything! I wanted to give you everything, but you left me alone!" Sherlock screeched emotionally.
“Yes, you said: fear. Sherlock Holmes got scared. You said.”
"Making tea. Would you like some?" Sherlock said the last with an antagonizing note to it.
John could not refuse the agreement he’d made with Mycroft. John could not refuse the terms of marriage Sherlock set out. It was a tormenting agreement with both: a marriage to save his sister and a marriage that wasn’t a marriage.
The body pressed against him shifted away before a nose was inhaling his scent gland and fingers threaded through his hair.
John’s interest flared.
John sobbed harder, biting into the cushion of his pillow in an attempt to smother back the broken noises from escaping.
When John paused in his actions and raised a questioning brow, Sherlock exhaled heavily and explained himself further.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~
“Would you make me come just by tongue-fucking it alone?”
“Mm.”
“M—marriage is a commitment o—one must not enter into lightly, but when the love is true…” The priest continued, growing ever confident in his words, though he’d begun to eye them warily, realizing they might not be joining for the right reasons.
“Thumb at the slit.”
John licked his lips subconsciously and noticed how intensely Sherlock followed the movement with his eyes. The air around them thickened and John shut his eyes at the realization that Sherlock’s alpha pheromones were being released. John wasn’t even sure if Sherlock noticed he was doing it. Sometimes an alpha felt the need to soothe their partner and they’d release their pheromones as a way to calm them. John didn’t really need any soothing, yet still the pheromones relaxed him of any tension that may have existed and he swayed into it. Nevertheless, it was distracting and invoked a swarm of unneeded confusing feelings.
"I like it. Smelling like you."
“He said you forgot this.”
“I… don’t know how to explain it.” Sherlock finally admitted and with it stabbed John in the heart.
"Do what you must. I'm going out." Sherlock rose from his seat, his chair scraping against the floor loudly.
“Such a naughty mouth.”
“Sherlock.”
John sneered, a malicious smile sprouting upon his face. This was it. This was what John had been waiting for, the moment Sherlock would give up the façade of being a kind alpha and show his dominate side.
“We don’t talk about it… It happened so long ago, but… when Mycroft turned twenty-three, his omega reached full adulthood. We… just as we’d done for you and Sherlock, we planned Mycroft’s wedding with his intended’s parents. Three months before the wedding was to take place, Mycroft’s intended was driving home when a drunk driver ran a red light and hit her vehicle… She died.”
Sherlock still didn't know what he wanted to say. He wasn't even sure he wanted to say anything. Instead of speaking, Sherlock slipped his hand back up John's neck and back to his jawline and continued his stroking of his skin with his thumb.
After the case, John was amazed at the brilliance that was his husband and even more so that because of Sherlock, John’s limp had vanished. After that case, John heartily joined Sherlock on another, and another. Cases began pouring in the more John wrote in his blog. His blog became popular and soon, their names were in the papers and Sherlock’s work was renowned.
“Would you like to tell me what has been going on in your life?”
Sherlock palmed the dampness of John's cleft, fingers finding their way through the crease. John hitched a breath the instant Sherlock fingered experimentally against his hole, and John’s entrance willingly opened. A moment later Sherlock added another and John eagerly swallowed whole. When Sherlock pressed a third, John quaked against him, arms and legs tightening their hold.
Sherlock dropped his fork on the plate with a resonating clatter.
Victor’s eyes twinkled, unperturbed by Sherlock’s enmity.
“Sher—” John’s whine choked in the back of his throat, hands raised out for the omega, seeking pardon, knowing he’d passed a line, gone too far.
“Let’s go.” Sherlock commanded, opening the door to the limousine, awaiting John to enter first.
“Are you angry with me?” John’s features tensed in a pensive scowl.
John’s eyes softened with distress, wanting nothing more than to embrace Sherlock and reassure him.
"You what?"
“The omega that has been chosen desperately needs a bond mate. He’s already so much older than all the other unbound omegas, and if he isn’t bound soon, he might never be.”
"Sherlock?"
John's co-workers seemed to flock to him. His personality and good looks made him attractive. Even in their personal lives John remained charismatic. Like nothing Sherlock did to hurt his ego phased him. He was unchanged. Strong and resilient.
“What is it?”
“I want you.” Sherlock said unashamed.
How could John protect his future husband from himself?
“And why would you listen to me? I’m just your friend.” John cursed bitterly the last of his words.
“Could be better.” John acknowledged. “How is he when working on cases?”
Mycroft huffed in annoyance, leaned back in his seat, folded his arms, and continued to watch the rugby match.
It wasn't right though. It was a weakness and if he allowed it to continue it would become a horrid habit to break. He'd find himself seeking the comfort of people and he didn't need people in his life. Having people in his life opened him up to the possibility of sentiment and sentiment was a weakness that would destroy him.
Sherlock opened his mouth in the starting of speech, but was immediately assaulted by the most tantalizing and mouthwatering aroma. He’d heard stories… heard how sweet an omega smelled when in heat. He’d even experienced a small dose of John’s omega sweetness when he’d swiped his towel so long ago. This though…
“Just go.” Sherlock hissed, stepping to the side, opening the pathway to John’s room.
"A whore like you could never be faithful to me. But let me warn you John. If I ever learn of your infidelity, I will unman you before you dare to cheat on me again."
"John!" Sherlock screamed with the change of pace, rocketing him so fucking close to the finish line.
“Oh, sweet. He
Sherlock didn’t laugh, pale eyes staring with wonder.
“Niin kaunis. Niin kaunis ja minun.” (So beautiful. So beautiful and mine.) Sherlock murmured in Finnish, knowing for a fact it was one of the languages Mycroft had yet to learn, feeling the need to voice the words forcing their way out.
"Where the bloody hell is all this smoke coming from?"
John lifted one leg and pressed it at one end of Sherlock's chest, while his other dragged up and closer to the other side. Gripping the headboard with both hands, John bowed his head to look at Sherlock. Groaning deeply as he watched Sherlock reach out for his hard neglected cock and hurriedly guided it to his mouth.
Sherlock felt heat rise to his face, his body trembling, fingers twitching, nails lengthening into threatening claws with the intent to mutilate the alpha in front of him.
John’s brows furrowed in confusion, staring back down at his hand over his bare chest, his breathing stilled. He was bare… much like… John glanced back over to the form lying next to him; teeth worrying his bottom lip, John tried to make sense of his disordered thoughts.
“I’m not implying anything. I’m sure Sally came around for a nice chat and just happened to stay over. And I assume she scrubbed your floors, going by the state of her knees.”
"A year ago, my mother died. I wasn't ready for you then. I was dealing with my grief and caring for my father. I recently spoke with Mary about finding you. Our marriage... It's only ever been a deep friendship for me. Although she was hurt by my wish to seek you out, she understood why we married, and accepted my choice."
"John." Sherlock's muffled gasp filled the pillow he pressed into his face with one hand while his other hand moved to palm himself through his slacks. Feeling his hardness as he dragged his hands lower between his legs, and then he felt his slacks soaking up with slick.
"Don't do it. I don't want you! You chose someone else, now leave me to die!" Sherlock screeched.
~~~~~~~~~~~~
His omega should be feeling content with the knowledge he'd been claimed, but he wasn't. His omega side was curled up within, whimpering in distress. His mind was a fog of lies and illusions that weren't real. His mind palace was destroyed, frayed and the foundation of it were barely holding together.
“I can’t breathe.” John sobbed, hyperventilating. “I can’t breathe without him!”
Sherlock had absolutely no idea if John’s team was winning or not. He never cared to learn how rugby worked. All he came for was his omega, God,
John fought passed his embarrassment and patted Sherlock's back, retrieving a glass of water from the table and offered it up to the startled omega. Sherlock gladly took it and drank it slowly.
“Okay. Anything else?”
There had been a paid alpha and omega couple who’d been videotaped during the omega’s heat cycle, although nothing sordid had been shown. John watched as the alpha and omega stood within a well lit bedroom. The alpha paced restlessly from one side to another while the omega fidgeted where he sat in the bed. Every time the alpha tried to near him, the omega would growl and the alpha would step back and away, then he would pace the floor restlessly once more.
“John, please understand why I kept this from you. I didn’t want to cause you any distress and if I’d known that was what I was doing, I’d have confessed earlier… John, this beta you speak of isn’t a beta… He’s an omega… My omega… My husband.”
“If you were to come to me again, needing… I wouldn’t reject you.”
John flushed from embarrassment and anger, grumbling out to Angelo as he walked off, “I’m not his date!”
The small voice, even now in the throws of heat cycle, warned him this wasn't right. It wasn't true and John tilted his head just so that Sherlock's lips connected to his jawline. It didn't seem to bother Sherlock, or maybe his mind was too focused on mating that he couldn't comprehend what the avoidance of kissing John exhibited meant.
"Shut up!" Sherlock screamed horrified, shielding his ears as if he could drown out the noise within his mind. The first time he'd heard the voices in weeks and they were too cruel.
“Genuine would be more suitable,” Mycroft snipped, unable to stop himself as the trollop’s face flashed before his eyes once more.
"Sherlock, I... I don't want to upset you and it doesn't seem like anything I will say about it won't lead to you being upset, but Mary isn't-"
John leaned heavily against Harry’s shoulder moaning weakly as each step made his wet thighs rub together and sent pleasure coursing through him. John landed heavily against the cushions of the backseat, laying himself along the seats, not caring to strap himself in.
Sherlock bowed his head and palmed his eyes, exhaling a heavy breath.
"Sherlock." John mouthed along the milky flesh before him, peppering it with wet kisses, and marveling as the spots of red blossomed in it's wake.
Sherlock squeezed John’s hand as Dr. Levy began to set up the equipment and looked up at them.
“Good morning.” Sherlock greeted shyly and John wondered why the alpha sounded so nervous, but then one of Sherlock’s hands tucked at his back moved from behind him and lifted up a bouquet of white lilies.
John stared despondently at the artifacts, horrified to realize, much like them, he’d been bought and would now reside in this home. Forever to spend his days an omega bitch, being bred heat after heat, producing the Holmes’ kin. . John knew there were scarcely any young Holmes’ and they were dwindling down in numbers. Though this prominent family was known by many, they didn’t procreate as was normally done. They devoted their time educating themselves and gave up their personal lives for their work. So many intelligent minded Holmes’ worked in the various fields of government, and none had the desire to give up their careers to birth kin.
"Why Victor? Why are you so... Why did you let him touch you like that?"
“Do you mind? You’re too warm.” John grumbled out an excuse to refrain from close contact, knowing Sherlock knew it to be a deflection.
.” Sherlock’s pale face flushed with his growing anger.
There was nothing left for him here. Nothing, but heartache.
“No, wait. What happened last night… Something happened to me; something I’ve not really experienced before…”
It didn’t take long for Sherlock to finish collecting all the required information he needed from observing the crime scene. Sherlock wanted to head back to the flat to organize his thoughts and further contemplate the case, but John stilled the alpha with a hand on his arm. Sherlock met his gaze, curiously, and John told the alpha they should eat first. It had been a while since Sherlock had last eaten and he wanted to reassure himself that Sherlock had something in him before… he left.
John bowed his head guiltily; he’d been overly cruel because he was hurting himself. Hormones might have played a part in it, causing for him to overreact to an extent, but John didn’t feel sorry for what he’d said at the time. He still felt the pain of heartbreak, but in the light of day, John also felt grief for hurting the one person he loved so deeply.
Sherlock had interrupted John as he was seated in the library reading an actually interesting book, grabbed him by the sleeve of his shirt and began tugging and pulling until John rose and began following Sherlock to some unexplored area of the north wing.
Sherlock felt his stomach roil with upset at the alpha who'd given in so easily. He looked to enjoy placing care on Sherlock, any part of him that the omega would allow, and if it was his feet, so be it. John would love on Sherlock's feet in the way the alpha so desperately wanted on the rest of his omega.
"You can." John insisted again, with complete earnestness.
"God, you're inside. I can
It was confusing how John's words made Sherlock feel. He felt a moment of anger pass at John's insult, but it soon faded at the knowledge that John had said it as a form of annoyed affection. Confusing and unsettling in the extreme. The corner of his mouth twitched upwards before relaxing a moment later.
Lowering his hands to work on the buttons of Sherlock's dress shirt, John set about revealing more milky flesh.
Sherlock lay back down on the ground and stared up at the sky.
John smiled up at at the glare Sherlock gave him, tenderly twirling his fingers in the omega's hair.
Pulling away enough so to meet those dark sparking blue eyes, John smiled and Sherlock palmed a heated jaw, pressed his forehead against John's, and sighed contentedly. Nuzzling the alpha's nose with his own, Sherlock reached down with his free hand and felt for their joining, his outer rim was stretched to hold the knot of his alpha, but feeling the stretch of his rim he could feel the knot within give sporadic pulses, filling him further.
John shut his eyes.
“To answer your question…” John began, setting his suddenly clammy palms against the table and taking a moment to calm his breathing, searching his heart for the answer of what should be an easy question but was anything but.
John wasn’t handsome and because he didn’t look like a typical alpha he wasn’t approached by many suitors. Most liked to believe alphas that looked like John weren’t virile. Those who did approach him did so out of curiosity, wanting to test such theories. John ignored these advances.
." John groaned lewdly, jerking forward, battling against Sherlock’s firmly taunt muscles to move, and answer Sherlock's wants, because they were his own.
All at once, John felt cold hard realization take hold of him. Staring up at the trembling omega, John knew he’d gone too far. Sherlock stared at John in complete bafflement and palmed his newly made bond bite.
"Um, listen..." John didn't think this was right. Sherlock certainly didn't like this omega and John didn't think it was right of him to be associating himself with a man his husband wouldn't.
“It’s okay John. Just let it all out. You’re safe here. You can say anything. I’m not going to judge you.”
“Show off.” John grumbled shyly when Sherlock pulled away enough to and then moaned happily as Sherlock stroked at his hair and his other hand palmed his cheek, cupping it lovingly.
“What does it matter how I see you? I was bought to be bred.”
“I don’t care about that omega.” Sherlock hated the way his stomach coiled in revolt of that statement and his heart pounded in concurrence, affirming his worst of fears.
“What does that mean?”
“Hello, love. I thought I’d never hear from you again.” A soft voice sang happily on the other line.
John’s anger dissipated slightly, replaced by an ever growing confusion.
John was more than relieved when the following morning Sherlock woke up ranting about starting a new experiment with mold. John wasn't too pleased that Sherlock wanted to cultivate several different types of mold within their home,  but it reassured him that whatever had bothered the omega was most assuredly settled.
John stared at the pale hand anxiously and he cautiously tipped his head in acceptance. His eyes fluttered shut when smooth fingers glided over the bruised healing flesh. The pads of the alpha’s fingers seemed to lick a hot tingling path over the bite mark and John let out a shuddering breath.
Victor's eyes softened and he replied simply, "I know you."
“Come closer.”
"We do this my way, or not at all." John raised a challenging brow and Sherlock glared at the stubbornness of his mate.
~~~~~~~~~~~~
"You're not an idiot, nor are you a horrible omega, Sherlock." John comforted, his anger vanishing with understanding.
John could feel Sherlock’s lips curl into a smile, but he never said anything as they both fell into an almost instantaneous deep sleep.
“Have dinner with me. I just put some lasagna in the oven.”
Silence came and remained for far longer than John was comfortable with and he hesitantly raised his head to stare up at Sherlock once more and found him a glow.
." Sherlock gasped, shutting his eyes and enjoying the feel when one of John's hands floated around and under his bollocks to rub a fat thumb over the wetness of his entrance.
Why was that important again? Oh, right, Victor. Sherlock had to be upset about Victor. Why this visit with his friend bothered Sherlock more than the rest, John was unsure, but he cut his visit with Victor short to come back and talk with his husband. He hadn't want to hurt Sherlock and he needed to make sure Sherlock understood he loved him.
John said nothing, he couldn’t speak anymore. His heart ached, throat sore from voiceless sobs.
John hated him, detested him. He could hardly withstand Sherlock’s touch. Yet…
Biting his bottom lip uneasily Sherlock rasped, “I have you… my husband.”
“I will always need you.”
John wanted to take this chance for all it was worth, but he stopped. Not because of his fear, although there was fear there. No. He stopped himself from taking what could easily be his because of Sherlock. He loved Sherlock, yes, but it was that same love that made him hesitate.
“Really?” Sherlock asked hopeful.
John never thought the wedding would end, but end it finally did. All their guests followed them out to the front where a slick limousine was awaiting them. John was surprised when Mrs. Holmes embraced him in a bear hug and showered affectionate kisses to his cheek, though after meeting her, he should have expected this. Mr. Holmes congratulated them both and offered his assistance if ever they wished to gain some martial advice. Mycroft merely tipped his head in Sherlock’s direction and the tall consultant rolled his eyes at his older brother.
Shifting closer, John threw a leg over a jutting hip and pressed a hand against Sherlock’s lean chest. Running fingers in sparse chest hair, John hummed happily and nosed the alpha’s exposed neck, scenting him.
“Fill me up."
“We’ll take them all.” Sherlock gestured at the shelf.
John circumspectly lifted one DVD case at a time, reading the labeled titles.
Sherlock garbled out a noise close to a ‘yes’ and John groaned deep, the vibration sending him close to the edge.
“Yes.” John whispered shakily, blinking back the tears. “Where have you been?”
“Anderson, what are
~~~~~~~~~~~~~
A sharp inhale of breath was his answer as Sherlock’s seemingly solid stance faltered. Sherlock’s shoulders turned inward and he broke eye contact to stare back at his mother, condemning.
began to change. Sherlock woke to find John’s side of the bed empty, but the scent of frying eggs told him his omega was preparing their breakfast.
"You're a fool?" John offered helpfully, biting back a laugh.
“When have I ever said that’s what I want? I might be an alpha, but I have never thought of having children, and I can assure you that even if I wanted them, my profession would most assuredly put any children I had in danger.”
Sherlock remained silent, but followed after John, wordlessly watching as he shifted about the kitchen preparing two slices of toast, fruit salad, and warming up several slices of ham. John shut his eyes after setting a pot of tea on the kettle, feeling Sherlock’s eyes on his back, hating it and wanting more of it all at the same time.
~~~~~~~~~~~~
“It’s a crime scene. I don’t want it contaminated. Are we clear on that?”
“It’s okay, John. There’s nothing unusual in that, that’s the way he made everyone feel. All the marks on my table and the noise, firing guns off at one in the morning.”
John struggled to breathe, gasping sharply as he moved mutely to the location in which he knew would lay his broken Sherlock. There might still be hope. Sherlock was a strong alpha. John was a doctor and they were in front of the hospital.
They continued their meal in comforting silence and finished eating around the same time. John stood up just before Sherlock did and took their plates to the sink as Sherlock headed for the shower.
“Consulting criminal. Brilliant.”
"Now Sherlock, Harry can be a bit... unconventional, but please try to understand, and please don't be-"
A knock on his door had John up and answering it. A suited woman with a scowl on her face entered his flat without invitation, walked up to Mycroft and handed him a folder. John watched agitatedly as the woman then swiftly exited his home and he purposefully slammed the door after her.
“I’m sorry.”
Sherlock bit back a whine. He felt helpless. John nuzzling his neck and scenting him made Sherlock’s stomach flutter with butterflies.
Harry came an hour and thirty-four minutes later. It took John thirty of those minutes to get himself out of the bed and sluggishly make the long way to the front door. When Harry arrived, he’d swung open the doors and fell into her arms. Sobbing against her neck, he nuzzled her scent gland.
John pinched the skin of Sherlock’s knuckles but Sherlock didn’t relent. John scratched at the pale flesh, and yet again, Sherlock’s hand remained. When John attempted to peel off three fingers and twisted the alpha’s hand, he effectively removed Sherlock’s hand from his thigh. Except, then Sherlock’s hand became like an octopus, fingers threaded between his own and leached themselves tightly through.
Sherlock’s mobile rang then, and John watched as the alpha growled with frustration before retrieving his phone and growled a furious, “What is it Lestrade?”
“John.” Sherlock endeavored to make things right, a hand pressed against his shoulder then and John shrugged it off angrily.
Sherlock touched the inner part of John’s thigh, his lips widening, opening further and took in just a few more inches of John’s cock.
"Um, You're... My bed... I... Sherlock." John couldn't seem to find his words. Clearing his throat, John made an awkward hand gesticulation that Sherlock assumed meant John was giving his consent.
“What?”
“Surprisingly, I wouldn’t mind
Sherlock blinked, uncomprehendingly.
“Yes you are.” Irene recognized, sending a text from her mobile. “There.
“Come here, love.” Sherlock requested.
“John?” Sherlock asked for a second time when John spun on his heel and walked off.
Sherlock could hear the smile in John's voice as he'd given his farewell and huffed with annoyance.
“You can talk, Johnny Boy. Go ahead.”
“I was just talking to him.” Sherlock furrowed his brows in confusion.
. . .
Sherlock whimpered pathetically, legs trembling, head thrashing against the pillow under him, his thrusts stuttering as he squirmed.
“You’re up early.”
John exhaled a heavy sigh. He was tired of being alone. He felt so lonely, but he’d given up his chance for love returned… for children, with his marriage to Sherlock.
“I left for a reason.”
"Hello, John."
Sherlock wanted John. Desired to have him, but none of that was more important than providing his omega contentment. Sherlock made that as clear as his pride would allow and tried to smile, but it was painful. Painful to smile knowing his omega rejected him in every way. Sherlock didn’t waste any time, and when he’d said all he could, he rushed for the door, tail between his legs.
"Need you, so much.
John’s breathing was heavy, his face felt flushed though the room was pleasantly cool, and his body tensed with the need for touch.
John remained awake for several minutes longer, nuzzling Sherlock’s scent gland, receiving some comfort in their nighttime scenting. Sooner than he expected he drifted off to sleep.
Sherlock inhaled shakily, pulled away enough to meet John’s smile, and immediately turned to stare out the window. It was an attempt to hide the flush blossoming across his face—John knew Sherlock well enough to know this, and instead shuffled closer, seating himself in the middle and pressing against Sherlock’s right side.
Sherlock laughed, deep resonating laughter bubbled out of him, though it never reached his eyes.
"You hurt me. I'm not going to lie. It might take time to trust you as completely as I once did, but... I can't fault your love for your sister. It was the reason for your lie. It wasn't made with cruel intentions, so I will forgive you this once."
John frowned and stared up at Sherlock with a look that spoke of his distaste for Sherlock's choice, but he said nothing of it verbally. There really was no need to when his eyes spoke up for him.
John stared at the alpha in fascination. Sherlock surprised him a lot, but that he would dedicate the time to show him something he’d always secretly wanted to do… It was all so—
Two years and Sherlock's and John's tattered bond had yet to fully sever. It both amazed and frightened John. It was amazing for John in the way that it proved the deepness and strength of their bond. Yet it was also frightening, because he wasn't sure when their bond would finally give and snap, effectively ending his life and sending him to his one and only alpha.
John shook his head as if denying the possibility of a world without Sherlock being in it.
"You mean to delete him from your memories." Mycroft acknowledged. "Are you sure you want to do that?"
possible.
A tense silence followed. John slipped the card in his pocket, unsure if Sherlock would want it later, but seeing the way he’d responded to Victor, that was highly unlikely. John would throw it away later, when they weren’t in the restaurant where Victor could see, because that was just rude.
Married legally. Mentally separated. Love blind.
yes’ from an ecstatic, and bursting with love, John. A week after, John had many, many,
“Come home and meet him. He’s such a dear. I’ll be making your favorite, roasted lamb. It’s your fiancé’s favorite too!”
"You should have called me. I know how to handle his tantrums, one way is never giving in to his absurd demands, which I'd foolishly thought you smart enough not to do."
~~~~~~~~~~~~
Sherlock stared at John, utterly surprised, and chuckled, delighted by John’s quick wit. Wordlessly, Sherlock spun, and walked away from the bustle of police officers and reports, John at his side.
"Mycroft knew. Your parents knew. Molly, bloody Molly knew, but you didn't think I had a right to know!"
“Mycroft…” John waited for a last name.
As John shifted his left knee up, he knocked it into something and glanced at his side to find the lubricant Sherlock must have retrieved from the dresser earlier. John smiled and pulled it closer to himself—he’d use it soon enough.
Sherlock watched John carefully; his alpha was kind with him as he wrapped his leg up. It confused him. How could John be this nice to someone like Sherlock? All Sherlock had been was spiteful, rude, cruel and unfeeling in regards to John’s feelings for him. True Sherlock was civil, but his civility wasn’t as were most and he could do with some sharing of kindness, but he wouldn’t allow himself to show an inch more of such. Sherlock didn’t know what he couldn’t.
"I can't. I... After I was shot something was damaged, I couldn't feel it and I... I thought he wasn't interested, so I took what I could get. I didn't know. Damnit Mycroft, just tell me where he is. I need to see him. I need to talk to him."
~~~~~~~~~~~~~
husband, be his plaything to do all the dirty things she'd never let him do to her?" Sherlock laughed manically.
Last night, John got dressed to go out with Lestrade for drinks at a nearby bar. After John left, Sherlock received a text from Lestrade informing him of a case he needed his help on. Sherlock went to the crime scene expecting to find John with Lestrade, but it was just the D.I. When Sherlock asked where John was, Lestrade couldn't understand why he should know where the alpha was.
John wept, unable to accept Sherlock kept taking what little he could offer. He wanted it to be more. He wanted to give Sherlock everything his mate could give him. Sherlock didn't deserve to wait for him, but he was so willingly open to doing so for John.
Sherlock’s smirk faded instantly as he yanked his hand away from John and snapped his gaze back up to the alpha once more.
“Fine. I guess there’s no helping it. Do hurry back though.”
Do you mean rut?” Mrs. Hudson laid a kind hand on the woman’s shoulder.
"I love you, John." Sherlock bent down and planted a soft kiss to John's lips, then smiled between them and at John's hard stomach. "I love you too, lad or lass. I really do."
"Sherlock, please wait." John was unsure the omega would listen to him, so driven to destroy his brother.
"I know what you look like. I spied on you with a hidden camera. Saw footage of you during your heat."
Sherlock’s lips thinned in refusal to conform, but his words of disagreement remained unvoiced because of the determination written across John’s face.
“Is something the matter?” Sherlock disregarded the complement when truly taking him in; pale, eyes puffy and red, but still the deepness of blue stared on with determination.
John arrived home later that evening with the full intent of packing some clothes and going to some hotel for the next few days. He didn't expect to find Sherlock there, pacing the living room floor and glancing at his wristwatch just as John opened the door and entered.
, but how his parents had laughed. Even
Again, Sherlock enjoyed the upset that filled John's gaze at his usage of that particular word, but the alpha complied. Rising up to position himself laying on his stomach across Sherlock's lap, his rear raised up without request, knowing that it was what Sherlock wanted.
“What life? I’ve been away.” Sherlock could read the underlining worry within Mycroft and moved towards the gentleman.
"I was released, naturally." Sherlock snarled and angrily pulled back his scarf enough so to reveal the fresh bite mark.
"Sherlock?" John called out in the darkness of their bedroom after a long time of silence, but they both knew each was awake.
John reenlisted one final time, knowing he couldn’t keep doing this forever. Just because he didn’t want to get married and bonded, didn’t mean he could spend his whole life in the army. He liked working in the army, but he missed London, and as annoying as it was to admit, he missed his parents and Harry.
“You’re acting… nice.”
"Almost finished. The voices will stop. I promise." The alpha softly spoke.
John would hear Sherlock and that beta giggling within the alpha’s room, scent their love making and feel an overwhelming urge to retch.
Sherlock's body shook, consumed by lewd, wanton pleasure, accumulating, filling him and sending his body jolting with ecstasy of a once unimaginable and unsought elation. John's thrust grew less rhythmic and more sporadic as the gratification built, the force of his thrusts was unchecked and made Sherlock keen, enraptured. Each steep shove sparked the start of cumulation, that bulbous round head stabbing a place within that turned Sherlock into a mewling omega, helpless and pitiful.
“No.”
Sherlock spent most of his time, much like his mother, drinking glass upon glass of red wine, while fiddling with his mobile under the table as not to be found out by the ever watchful Mrs. Holmes.
Mycroft smirked, leaned forward, folded his hands and rested them on the desk.
“I’m sorry.” Sherlock shuddered, a hand pressed between his shoulder blades and bringing him closer. “I don’t… I never… John, believe me.”
~~~~~~~~~~~~
"You bloody fool. How could you be so stupid?"
“Promise?” John asked at a loss, biting into his lower lip, holding off on a pleading moan when Sherlock’s hand ceased its teasing.
“I spoke to the landlady. Sherlock isn’t home, but she’s agreed to open the door for us. I need you to put this on. We can’t have an unbound alpha scenting the way you smell right now.” Harry explained in a rush, shoving a dark blue pea coat in his direction.
Sea green eyes, so beautiful, nothing could possibly compare in shade. So wonderfully ethereal and enchanting; they’d cast their spell long ago, during the first meeting in that lab.
John sighed shakily, nodding his head appreciatively, and buried his nose under Sherlock’s collar, nose brushing along the warm flesh of the alpha, John inhaled deeply of Sherlock.
“John says you’ve never dated.”
"That sounds like a plan."
He didn’t have the energy to speak and knew the best option for him to remain quiet was by filling his mouth with food. John helped himself, stacking his plate with pancakes, eggs, fruit salad, and bacon. As he ate, John glanced curiously back up to the Holmes’.
Sherlock shook his head, attempting to ignore what everything about this horrible day had made him realize. If he didn't say it, then it didn't exist. Sherlock wasn't changing. Nothing had to change. Their marriage was still in name. John wasn't going to leave. Sherlock could do this. Continue this civility they had for each other. Allow himself a closeness that could be classified as friendship. But in the end, nothing had to change. Nothing would change.
Sherlock stared up at John expectantly. John stared back wordlessly for long moments in time, then puffed out a breath, stepped up close, kissed Sherlock on the lips chastely and went to the bedroom to change.
His wounds were healing, his head was clearer and he felt himself grow stronger.
He put his skills to use and with the feeling of being surrounded by his lover, and having the man's hands in constant contact with his own, petting him lovingly, Sherlock literally couldn't pull himself away from the moment. Perversely, defiantly, he'd even tested, just to see what would happen. He tried for a second to allow himself to be pulled back into Serbia like it'd just happened in the living room, but the amount of contact and the staggering differences in situation did not allow for it. He was stuck in the present and the realization only made him pleasure his lover even more enthusiastically.
Thank you for all the feedback and kudos already, lovelies <3
Sherlock shook his head immediately. And it was the first time he realized how much being clothed during these exchanges made him feel good; it made him feel like he was John's equal, even if that made no sense at all.
There were a couple more cases, each riskier than the previous. And when they'd come home from solving it, it was to a fit of giggles, dinner and their one-way version of sex.
At that, Sherlock looked up, part confused and part alarmed. "Not at Baker Street anymore? What are you talking about, not at Baker Street anymore?"
or even if he should ask at all.
John, closest as he was, didn't think twice before dashing head first into the dark figure and jumping on his legs. "I've got him!" he yelled, as he trapped the guy face down into the dirt, and the man's hands in a military grip.
Sherlock didn't even have the energy to snort at that. If only.
"Hey, are you ok?" he asked, clearing his throat. His hand felt for his jacket's pocket and something crinkled beneath his fingers; he'd brought Sherlock's emergency meds, just in case.
He kept the time by watching the tiny holes near the ceiling, where a bit of light shone through; he'd been here for three weeks now.
Donovan cleared her throat "Right, well, that's what I had to say, so." And then she gestured vaguely towards the hospital, before starting to make her way to the doors.
"They change houses every so often, then? That's how they avoid getting caught?"
The doctor sighed, knowing a lost battle when he saw one. "We'll talk to Mycroft. See what the doctors have to say. They need to be ok with discharging you." And that last part was something neither he nor Mycroft would be willing to waive.
"I got them, I was just
"See?" he pointed out accusingly "
Letting out a heavy breath, but still with his lips pursed and his arms crossed, John relented. "Fine. We'll- we'll talk about this later." He acquiesced.
They woke up to someone pounding on the door.
John's heart did a funny thing at hearing that. That Sherlock had thought such a thing and had still decided to trust John with himself- he couldn't put it into words. He kissed his younger lover and let the man go on.
"It didn't hurt." He blurted out "I knew you would try to lessen the pain for me, but I just assumed that the act was inherently painful."
"A what?"
He would touch John all the time. He'd kiss him without a warning when he took a break from his experiments, but he would also drag John into their bedroom at night and snog him passionately.
The long slender hands hovered over the waistband of his trousers - he wasn't wearing any pants, and for a moment he wondered if he should say something about it. But then the detective was pulling his slacks down and John's neglected cock bobbed up, finally free from its confinement. He was so hard and so desperate that he groaned, because even the touch of the cool night air was stimulating.
"I need you to come with me" the man said, finally, inclining his head. "I require your assistance."
He was shaking his head violently, trying to push her away with his bandaged hands, "No. No. No. Don't!" he begged, because every time they doused him with alcohol he wanted to peel off his own skin. He was already infected beyond help, he didn't need the torture to go with it.
"You're in shock. You... You didn't want what happened, did you?
Sherlock made it clear that their children and their personal relationship held no importance in regards to their work and that the press should leave it at that. If they wanted to know about the cases they solved and how they did it then that was all fine because it was part of their work. Their personal lives, not so much.
“No. Being married to you, I have to have thicker skin than that.”
"Oh!" Sherlock hollered, throwing his head back to stare wide eyed at the ceiling when John's free hand gripped his cock and began stroking him quick and hard. A moment later, Sherlock screamed, cock splashing John's chest with his milk, his entrance squirting clear warm slick and wetting John's cock with it.
The removal of his knot and cutting his tubes was something he was still trying to come to terms with. It wasn’t that he regretted it, but the change would be something that took some time to accept. He could never knot John, never tie them together in that way that made the inner alpha within feel at peace.
John hummed with delight the very instant Sherlock’s hand upon his belly roamed south and took hold of him. The heated moistness of breath ghosting over the head of his cock sent a thrilling chill that rocked through him. John moaned, enraptured. The warm smooth wetness of a tongue swiped over the spongy head.
“Forever?”
“Knicked all his Smurfs. Broke his Action Man.” John found amusement that Mycroft needed his assistance when in relation to Sherlock—no one could talk sense in the eccentric genius but John.
Sherlock palmed his eyes in one hand, shielding them from the harsh light of morning. Sucking in his bottom lip, Sherlock bit into it harshly and released a wounded moan.
“His room, bed, where is it?” John couldn’t wait any longer. His mate had abandoned him, he needed to start pleasuring himself alone, if he didn’t even start doing that pretty soon his fever would reach danger zone.
John chuckled and fondly moved to mouth at Sherlock's jawline.
"Yes, sir."
Oh, and if looks could kill, John was sure he’d be dead from the murderous glare Sherlock sent his way. Even Lestrade looked offset by the strangeness of their relationship. They’d once been so close Lestrade had to clear his throat more than once to get them to stop touching or staring at one another and focus on the case at hand.
Something about John’s questions seemed to have sparked a thought within Sherlock’s mind. Soft blue eyes snapped to John, startled.
John knew how rare an alpha submissive was and that if he were to register himself as one he’d immediately be on the headline news. He’d become an instant celebrity and then… only
He felt so domesticated and loved it. He had it bad, but he didn't care. Love changed people, and he liked the person John made him. John brought him warmth and joy, so why should Sherlock fear this change?
As the alpha scented him, John’s clothes dampened and he didn’t seem to care. How could this be real? How could his alpha submit to him? It made no sense. Alphas were territorial, possessive, aggressive, domineering, never did they submit to an omega,
time. Then their pressure doubled when the two agents on the ground stood, collecting their wits and added more pressure in restraining the rabid alpha before them.
Mycroft sighed, exasperated with Sherlock's inability to give, even a little. Instead of responding to Sherlock, Mycroft turned his sights to their driver and gave him Sherlock's flat address. After, Mycroft retrieved his cell phone and dialed the alpha.
Maybe he never would.
“You should go, Lestrade is waiting for you.” John encouraged.
"I hate you." Sherlock grumbled when he felt more like himself, but didn't pull away even when a part of him hurt to be held by the alpha.
Raising his bloodied hand, John gripped the oxygen mask and pulled it down to his chin to speak.
“It’s okay if you’re not much of a talker.” John reassured.
Sherlock rolled his eyes, feeling peeved that John always needed him to explain the obvious. There were dogs in their home, a large dark blue blanket was set up against the wall of the front door, a bowl filled with dog food and water set a few paces away from the one of the dog beds he'd set up in the home. Why couldn't John see that!
"Were they all just betas?"
"Um, hello." John began uneasily, taking another step to the mute and motionless omega.
Sherlock lowered his head at the not so emotional response of John, when something was set a light and he jerked his head back up again.
“Mm.” Sherlock moaned softly, pulling away from the window and instead turned his head to face John, his eyes wide open, a thousand thoughts flashing through them.
"For now. We sleep in different rooms. I will need to have you present for when I work on cases. I'm sure Mycroft has already told you what I do. You will be my associate. I know you're an army doctor, so your skills and medical knowledge could prove useful on cases. As for the care part of our bonding, I will allow you to scent me an hour each night before bed. You may scent me in the morning for a short time after I've showered and readied myself for the day. That is all I wish to say, now would you like to move to the couch where you may scent me before I go to bed. I'm rather tired."
.” Came the soft plea.
“Mm.” John hummed eagerly, nosing Sherlock’s nose with his own in an Eskimo kiss.
" came a whimpered confession.
"I didn't sleep with her!" Lestrade defended himself, but it only made Mycroft smirk menacingly.
“Is that why you two…” Mycroft glanced back and forth to Sherlock and John.
Sherlock said nothing for a long while and John was forced to raise his head and meet those fascinating blue depths. He found warmth in those eyes, acceptance, and something else John was unable to classify.
Clare sat beside Harry and for all that John was worth he focused passed the rapid pulsing of his heart and the rushing of his mind to keep up with their conversation.
~~~~~~~~~~~~
Hands gripped John’s arms and shook his body. John’s hands balled into fists and he fought back, wailing against the man trying to shake him into reason, but John didn’t care. An alpha was touching him—not his alpha, not his. John’s omega snapped to the forefront, taking over, fangs descending, claws slashing at flesh as he fought back. He needed to get away. He needed help.
"Look what you did to me, John." Sherlock husked, cupping his under belly, his other rubbing the dome.
“Thank you.” John’s answered, zipping up the small suitcase and sliding it under the bed before setting his sights on the suitcase Sherlock set at the ready for him.
“I don’t know.” Sherlock finally admitted.
Sherlock didn’t take it, merely glared at it before rolling his eyes, arms crossed tight over his chest as he turned to glare back over to John.
“John?” Sherlock started, saying little, but John knew he was asking if he’d like to come along.
~~~~~~~~~~~~
"Sorry! I just didn't really look at it after we were first together and I didn't know it would look... I'll shut up." John ducked his own head at the nape of Sherlock's neck, sharing his pillow and pressing apologetic kisses to his neck all while delving his index finger within wet heat.
~~~~~~~~~~~~
Sherlock stopped primping himself up and faced Mycroft at this discovery.
.” John implored.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
When Sherlock arrived home, there was a sandwich with a side of chips set out on the kitchen table, and John was in the shower, no doubt readying himself for bed.
"I don't want you to leave... You should be around our children. They need you."
John waited for Sherlock to begin his complaining: "Mother keeps checking up on me, because you're not here to do it." "Mycroft is a right tosser and I'll end up killing him if you aren't here to stop me." "I can't solve this case without you." "All the food here it terrible, come back and feed me." "I'm bored without you."
“John?” Sherlock attempted to get at the real cause of John’s frustration.
“I— I didn’t mean to.” John strangled, struggling to find the right words to mend his massive blunder.
"Was I wrong? Do you wish for me to--?"
John couldn’t stand the arguing and stormed off, so frustrated he’d gone to Sarah’s place. She worked in the clinic with him and John liked her well enough, though when they’d first met it was awkward. Sarah was a beta and John scented the attraction she had for him. Beta and Omega partnerships, although rare, were possible, but those partnerships always ended up in heartbreak when the omega was married off and mated to their promised alpha. Omegas didn’t mate outside of their marriage to their intended; if one ever did, it was considered a breach of the contract the omega’s and alpha’s parents had signed long ago. John was sure that somewhere, there had been an omega who bonded with a beta and the emotional turmoil that omega must have dealt with would have been excruciating once they’d been married to their intended. John couldn’t even think about being with someone else, it just felt wrong. John wasn’t interested and Sarah realized this quickly enough. John was pleased that a friendship blossomed between them.
Sherlock could scent his alpha, he smelled bitter, of fear and pain. The smell of him, left a bad taste in his mouth and Sherlock wanted it. It was right.
"Sherlock?"
"I don't mean to hurt you. I just need you to understand that Mary and I - our marriage isn't a relationship. It was only ever a facade for my mother."
Mary's smile was more brighter than John's and he knew she must feel infinitely better, no longer being threatened or blackmailed by anyone. She could be her own person. Start an honest life for herself, somewhere that no one knew her.
“He’s an alpha; he has the right to have lovers.” John spat out.
~~~~~~~~~~~~
“So's this: tell him you're alive.”
Sherlock hated how his eyes gleamed and shut them to hide his apprehension.
"Maybe it was because he loved you that he did it." When Mary saw John couldn't follow her thought process she further explained herself. "Maybe Sherlock loved you, but he never understood how you loved him. The insecurity and constant rejections could have driven him to protect himself. But even with his deleted memories, it's clear to me, at least, that he fell back in love with you."
Sherlock's eyes widened with surprise, and he quickly sealed his lips around the edge of the bulbous head as his tongue licked and sucked gently. Moaning lewdly as John's seed gushed out of him and filled his mouth. Sherlock swallowed greedily, taking all of John's love eagerly.
"Have you met her?"
John's eyes lowered with self-hate and grief at the desperation in Sherlock's plea.
“Don’t look at me.” John growled, hardly meeting pale gray eyes before he tucked his head against the crook of the alpha’s neck and shifted his ass to press alongside the monstrous swelling under him.
“Mum?” Sherlock greeted, slipping into a taxi.
John hated that Irene could read him so easily. He hated even more her last observation… that Sherlock didn’t care. The smile she sent John’s way after observing such, told him Irene was going to try and take the place he should have inhabited.
John’s eyes voicelessly pled with Dr. Levy to change her diagnosis, to tell him lies. John needed her to lie to him. To tell him he was okay. He was still highly fertile. That when he was ready he could try again, and have the large family he’d dreamed of having. He couldn’t live with the memory of how he’d failed. At least if he knew there was a possibility for a future where he could have children… At least then he knew he could love them, love them seven times more for the ones he’d lost.
“John.”
"I know you're hurting Victor. I'm sorry I caused it."
John noticed the alpha wasn’t eating all that much. They’d skipped lunch trying to find their way out of the maze and John remembered that Sherlock ate little at breakfast; he knew that the alpha should eat more than he was now. John couldn’t refuse his omega’s nurturing side and wordlessly placed more food on the alpha’s plate.
." John grunted, hips giving a noticeable stutter, the alpha near ready to blow himself.
Only thirty-nine years ago, John’s kind would have been murdered, but now he sat across from a government official talking about bonding with an omega. John did want to bond. He truly did. He’d love to find an omega to love and he’d treat them with all the kindness he possessed. He’d adore them, protect them, and show them an unwavering devotion and faithfulness only an alpha submissive could.
John traveled six more times since, to six more countries, before being sent to Denver, Colorado in America. John worked in a small clinic that was understaffed and required him to put in fourteen hour shifts six days a week. John didn’t mind though. Working distracted him. If he wasn’t working, it gave him time to think… to remember, and all John wanted to do now was forget. If only he could delete his memories like Sherlock could do himself.
"I agree. I'm dead without you." Sherlock choked out with sentiment and that pain - John knew he caused that pain.
“I will find your underground terror cell, Mycroft. Just put me back in London. I need to get to know the place again, breathe it in. Feel every quiver of its beating heart.” Sherlock was tired of dealing with Mycroft, yes he understood his help was needed, but really… Two years working to destroy Moriarty’s network was a lot of work and he’d finally completed his mission, all he wanted now was to see one person in particular.
"You're smoking." John felt a sense of worry take root. Long ago learning of Sherlock's vices and that if the omega was smoking, this couldn't be leading to anything good.
A long moment of silence passed between them before Sherlock spoke again.
~~~~~~~~~~~~
“John?” Irene called.
The unknown men came too quick and caught John by surprise. It was too late to fight back once the needle entered his neck and the drug coursed through his blood. Darkness took him then. When he woke up hours later, mind foggy, felt the heat of fire and breathed in the suffocating smoke, John realized this was it. He was going to die.
Maybe having sex would bring them closer, work through the distance and ineptness that was their marriage. John didn’t want that though. He wanted… he wanted to
"So that means you've found-" Lestrade began, but was cut short.
“He cleared my name.” Angelo beamed.
“Oh Jesus, no. God, no.” John slurred, the world spinning around him, his omega’s screams vibrating through his whole body, his heart constricting to the point of palpitations, he was going through the shock an omega only went through at the loss of their alpha. If he didn’t get help soon, he’d die of the stress.
Sherlock looked fiercely at John, silently willing the alpha to look up, but the man’s head remained lowered.
“Probably.”
“I’m sorry… I don’t know why I’m—” John blabbed mortified.
Sherlock sighed heavily and without a word he placed a small amount of eggs and bacon on his plate. He poured himself a cup of tea from the kettle set beside them and then began eating as if he hadn’t heard his mother’s suggestive implications. As he ate, Sherlock’s eyes drifted to his side and glanced over to John. Throughout their meal he continued to feel the alpha’s stare, but he never acknowledged it.
Sherlock couldn’t help but roll his eyes this time, but it seemed to be all that John needed to understand as the alpha choked on a contented laugh.
Sherlock could see John was giving into the pleasure.
have sex with Sherlock.
~~~~~~~~~~~~
Now, after The Woman was gone, Sherlock was even more frustrated with himself. He’d felt a fascination for Irene. She was so unlike any person he’d ever met, but still… Something wasn’t quite right. He liked her, but no more than a kindred spirit. Someone like himself, but not quite. He felt comforted to have met someone who was so close to his intellectual level, but… there was something missing. Sherlock didn’t feel anything in regard to Irene, not like what he felt for John.
John felt sorry Mary wasn't happy, but his feelings would never change, and Mary finally accepted that. Mary might have accepted John would never love her as more than a friend, but she continued to stay by his side and love him in silence and through the kindness she offered with her friendship.
"Shhh. I have you." The alpha spoke and only then did Sherlock realize that the agents who'd been holding him, had released him, and that he now lay cradled in the alpha's lap. One of the alpha's strong arms was wrapped around his waist, the other he used to stroke away the omega's silent tears.
" 'Thar she blows!' said everyone." Sherlock grumbled, trying not to smile when John laughed warmly.
"I'm sorry."
Sherlock set the icebox on the study table and gazed up at John inquisitively.
“Sherlock.” John inhaled when the alpha raised his hips up, jostling him, and his fists clamped, gripping at feather-light hair.
“Let’s just stick to what we know, yes? Stick to the facts.” John tried to reason with Sherlock, but Sherlock would take John’s consoling words or his rationalization of things.
“Nothing.” Angelo answered, pausing to glance over to John and added, “But for this man, I’d have gone to prison.”
Mycroft was a man who'd never felt the need for pleasures a partner could give. It wasn't that he lacked a sexuality. No, he could achieve an erection if he wanted. It was that Mycroft was raised a certain way. Both he and Sherlock had been taught that sex was never to be had with more than one person in ones life, and that person was to be their life long mate. Gregory had been with who knows how many people and his values on commitment were skewed from that of his own. He'd even gone as far as picking up a complete stranger to be intimate with. Mycroft wasn't sure he could trust an alpha like that with his heart.
"Sherlock?" John spoke softly, eyes warm when they connected with Sherlock's responsive but cold gaze.
His fangs, fangs that had never descended until this very moment, lengthened and felt the urge to pierce through skin and mark what was his. Sherlock thrust his hips up, up into the loose hold of his hand, seeking friction,
He needed…
“I like you!”
"I would never leave you, Sherlock. I did call off work, but only for three days. I needed time to accept that you were... heartless." John answered honestly, his tone gentle as not to offend Sherlock more with his words of truth.
“I—” John was unsure what to say now that Ella forced him to recognize he might have been a little too cruel to the man.
“I’m sorry, John.” Sherlock rasped after a long time of silence. Raising a hand to run through dark curls, Sherlock’s ever-poised posture, indelicately slouched. “I don’t know what’s wrong with me. This isn’t me.
A disgraceful wail of a howl gurgled out of him, gravelly and gruff. John’s throat felt raw, tender from the slightest vocalization. A lump in the back of his throat ever present. His eyes stung with the realization that Sherlock had arrived. Sherlock was finally here.
"No. You don't understand." John hated to pull away. He didn't want to pull away. He wanted to stay in Sherlock's arms for the rest of his life. He'd been so stupid. He should never have left.
"You are my friend Mary. You are my family. No matter what happens, you will always have me by your side." John met Mary's surprised stare and watched as her bright blue eyes shimmered with unshed tears. Biting her bottom lip, Mary nodded her head in affirmation of John's words and gripped John's hand back.
John choked on spit, blanching up at the awaiting Sherlock who starred on with eagerness, a twinkle in his eyes. John had been so preoccupied with preparing their dinner he hadn’t scented the alpha’s arousal until that very moment.
"Six months, my brother estimates... He's never wrong."
“John… It’s going to be okay. You’re going to be okay.” Sherlock reassured even when his fears grew at the sight of blood pooling around John’s body as he stared at his pale face.
Through the fog of sleep John felt the dull throbbing of his cock and the contracting of his hole. It filled him with a need unparallel. John wanted, and opening his eyes, sight blurred from the sunlight seeping in the room, he took in his surroundings.
“Yeah, I guess there are those too, and I have one in mind.” Lestrade answered, smile turning tender and John wondered who Lestrade was referring to.
John’s thoughts wandered to his sister. Harriet was all John had left and he knew he wouldn’t regret his decision, only the lying. He couldn’t even invite his sister to his own wedding. Well, he could, technically, but it would raise too many questions. Harry, who knew him so well, would quickly pick up on his lies and he’d be pressured to tell her the truth. John couldn’t have that. He knew his sister would force him to call the wedding off and Harry wouldn’t ever receive the liver. Harry had to live, so John couldn’t tell Harry about Sherlock. Not yet, anyways. Maybe after she got the liver he would, or he’d just keep lying.
Cautiously, John rose from the bed and went inside the walk in closet. John might as well unpack; he was now legally bound and mated. As deplorable as it was, this was now his home. As he hung his clothes on racks beside his husband’s, John couldn’t help but notice how all his alpha’s clothing were designer, tailor fitted, and it annoyed him. It reminded him how materialistic and wealthy his alpha’s family was. How they’d bought him. How he’d been sold because he was an omega, meant to be bred.
