“How do you mean? Sunshine, please don’t cry.”
“STEVE!” A shout. “Carol! It’s Steve!”
“I can—”
an MIT graduate, everyone always forgets that—but he also has experience with prosthetics and how they work, so he can offer suggestions based on his own experience.”
“Are you alright?” Tony’s voice is urgent with worry.
“They were in love,” Tony says, simply, without really explaining anything.
Tony has a ring on his finger. Steve knows his own name is carved inside it.
“Yeah, I remember,” he says, voice feeble and unsure, so unlike him.
They have apple pie for Maria’s first birthday.
“Nothing’s wrong. I’m happy to be here. With you,” Steve says, and twines his fingers with Tony’s.
“Nice! Thanks! How’s Italy?”
Tony lowers his head back on Steve’s thighs, JARVIS plays the movie again. Tony can feel Steve’s fingers caressing his scalp.
find you hot, by the way, honestly, you’re supposed to be one of the smartest people in the world and you can’t figure out just
“You need a hand?”
“It’s a pretty interesting story.”
The bone cracks back into the shoulder socket easily, and the pain cuts off Tony’s air for a moment. He moans, fisting his other hand, gritting his teeth.
“Me too, sweetheart. I’ve missed you.”
Steve licks his lips, his eyes lowered to look at Tony’s lap, but he’s not really seeing it. “Remember the night we made love and…” he trails off, shakes his head. “Sorry. Had sex, the night we had sex…” Steve looks like he doesn’t want to say it anymore, whatever it was he wanted to say.
before trying to make him sign the Accords with an old, beautiful pen.
“Indeed he is, Captain.”
like.”
, his voice. What’s happening to his voice, why does he sound like this.
“I—” Steve focuses. He closes his eyes, lets his hearing expand beyond walls, staircases, storage rooms. “In the woods. I can hear… deer. Owls. I can smell the undergrowth. Sea’s far away.”
“It’s just… I’m gonna say it the way it is because there’s no other... I think your dick was bigger the last time I sucked it,” he says, very fast. “Which is just weird, right? It’s, it’s impossible, it makes no sense. Right?”
“I’m glad to see you in a good mood,” he says, and he regrets it for a moment when he sees that Tony isn’t laughing anymore. But then his breathing grows labored and faster, his moans louder, and, well, Steve is okay with this. He sucks Tony’s cock into his mouth, keeps pumping his fingers into him, and he massages his balls with his other hand until Tony comes in his mouth, and it tastes like his slick, but
“Sorry, gotta take this in private,” he mutters to Steve, who looks confused for the second it takes him to remember that where Tony is concerned glasses can be phones.
“I’m sorry about Ultron. I’m sorry I didn’t tell you.”
“Go,” he says. “I’ll stay with her.”
His brain screams at him.
His hand shakes. Steve tightens the strap on the shield.
Stella apologizes for not walking them to the car, but she watches them from the door until they drive off. Steve insists on driving, and Tony lets him without a fight. He’s starting to feel really tired. Fraying at the seams, exhausted.
“It comes and goes. Sometimes it’s fine, and then—”
“An emergency?”
No one knows his name. No one has ever seen his face. He wears a golden mask in public.
“Oh, I… I don’t know. I run. I read. Sometimes I watch a movie. Hang out with Bucky and Sam on Thursday night. Play tennis with Sharon every other Sunday.”
. So unfair to apply that word to Tony. So counterintuitive.
“W—What… Tony, are… are you sure?”
Tony orders salmon for them both, since there’s a fresh batch that came from Livorno just this morning, as Federico, the young man that waits on them, says.
Tony comes back to himself guided by the sound of his own harsh breathing. His heart is thumping in his chest as if he just ran for an hour, his dick is half-hard. Steve’s teeth are still biting into his skin, but the pain is only a dull memory.
You, you who are different, at least you in the universe / You won't change, tell me you will always be sincere / And that you will really love me.
Tony smiles. Steve smiles back.
Steve locks his feet around Tony’s back, pushes him deeper still. Tony braces himself with one hand on the carpet and one holding Steve’s wrist, and then he’s not afraid anymore.
The edges of his goatee—
“I’m sorry, I’ll, I’ll go. I’ll be out of your—”
“They’re Hy—”
“Why—”
Steve clutches at the ziplock with the cock cage in his pocket. He feels a drop of sweat make its way down his back.
“And the thing with Bucky’s memories?”
However, they decide to forgo shower sex. No one likes knotting with the added risk of slipping on wet tiles. When they fall back into bed their hair is still dripping, but they don’t have time to even notice.
, so for a second it’s as though it isn’t there at all. But then Tony catches up with it, and it all comes back—lancinating, excruciating.
“You didn’t hurt me, if that’s what you’re worried about,” Steve continues, and Tony’s confusion gets deeper and deeper with every word.
“You don’t wanna shower before dinner?”
“It was a stupid joke.”
? This isn’t a contest. You’re the best fit for the role. You lead, I’ll follow.”
“Why would you even want to be with… with me.”
He works two slick fingers into himself because he doesn’t care about starting with one, he doesn’t have the time or the patience for it. This needs to be quick, it needs to happen right now.
Asking for an explanation doesn’t seem like a good idea to Steve right now, but he will at some point. He’s worried.
“No problem, listen, let’s keep in touch. For real. Next time you’re in New York, just call me.”
Ah, yes. Steve, always the Avenger.
Steve gives him a drawing. It’s made with pencil.
The church itself is very simple. Bare, light gray stones for the walls and colonnade. A simple terracotta floor. Wooden roof, not original for sure. There are some frescos on the walls, ruined by time and all the more breathtaking for it. There’s a big flight of stairs at the end of the central nave, with the altar at the top. The altarpiece represents the Virgin Mary and Baby Jesus, with a few saints next to them, probably the ones the church is dedicated to. The gold sparkles in such a way, especially against the deep red of the stylized angels.
She died with her husband, killed in a car accident on December 16th, 1991.
“You want to tell me what your dream was about?”
Tony asks, gesturing towards her clothes.
The last—
He squeezes his eyes shut, bends his head following the rocking motion of his back. He didn’t even know he was moving.
Oh, of course. It’s kinda obvious now that he thinks of it.
“Did…” he pauses. “And you knew? Before?”
He’s mildly grateful for the noise. It’s not particularly loud, but Tony allows it to take over his mind, so he doesn’t have to hear the man’s grunts, or his moan when he comes. He hasn’t yet, but he will soon. He’s fucking Tony faster, which means he’s close.
“It’s a bit gory, I think. Sorry about that.” He passes the piece of paper to Tony.
Tony wakes up early, the first rays of sunshine making their way into the bedroom. The light hits Steve’s hair and makes it gleam, makes it look like gold, like he’s the sun itself. And he is. He is the center of Tony’s life.
Steve drives.
“Yes, boss.”
“I don’t—”
It feels nice, her weight in his arms. What has he been doing with his arms all this time? What’s even the point of having arms if you’re not holding a baby, a tiny baby that’s all yours, now that you’ve signed the paperwork?
Tony lets out a long breath. After that, he seems calmer. He stops shaking, he loses the urgency of pain. His mind works past it. He’s lucid, clear-headed, his eyes alert and bright.
Tony asks if Steve wants wine, and he replies, “If you don’t want it, I don’t want it,” so they stick to water, but Tony doesn’t offer any further explanation, and Steve doesn’t ask for one.
Tony looks like he’s about to be sick, all the words he wanted to say stuck in his throat all of a sudden. He also looks like he’s about to cry, or scream, or call down the suit right this second and punch Steve in the face.
messed him up. But now and then, it’s good.”
, he had said, as if he should apologize for that.
“Tell you what,” Steve tries, “you sit here and wait for me, okay? I’ll be just a minute.”
Tony keeps interrupting himself, sniffs, his voice cracks—he’s trying not to cry again and that alone makes Steve’s eyes sting.
“My name is Steve,” I say. It doesn’t mean anything, even to my own ears. But it’s been a few days, and some part of me must be starting to heal, although I don’t believe that’s possible. I’m just tired of my own thoughts. “What’s your name?” I ask.
Steve locks his phone after he’s finished reading.
“Come on.”
Without a word, Steve takes off all his clothes, and enters the shower. He sits across from Tony. The shower is so big. One of Tony’s legs is bent at the knee, he’s resting his left arm on it. The hand is shaking.
Of course, Steve loves New York. The traffic, the noise, the terrible smell, the people. It makes him feel part of a big system, an indispensable gear in a complicated machine, like there’s always someone else to reach out to. It used to, anyway. Before.
“Steve.”
Tony came back from college a couple of days ago, and he already fought with his father more than once. Howard has been sober so far, but I fear that won't be the case for much longer. He was talking about going to the Bahamas for a few days, I should tell him I've changed my mind. This way, we'll be far away, and even though I'll spend another Christmas away from my son, I will give him a Christmas away from his father.
Steve turns off the light, and darkness takes over the room, except for the reactor, shining through Tony’s t-shirt. The temperature has dropped a few degrees. Tony wonders if it’s going to rain later.
“Are you sure about this?” he asks, so quietly it’s almost inaudible.
“No, I just wouldn’t listen, and—”
“Okay, you feel ready to me, what do you think?” Tony’s eyes go wide and he almost looks worried for a moment, like he didn’t expect that all the things they did up to this point would actually lead to
Tony nestles with his back against Steve’s chest, and sighs. “I’m tired.”
I know who it is.
Steve is not there yet, though, and Tony wants it like that for now. A few hours more. A few hours more of him, alone with this, turning it over and over in his head as though he hasn’t done it already ad nauseam. But he needs this. He needs to do it just for a little bit more, and then he’ll tell Steve, and then, maybe, maybe, this whole thing will end with something that isn’t screams against concrete walls, ice drying the blood on their skin; rage, rage, rage and hate and grief and sorrow and betrayal and wounds too deep to be borne, much less cured.
“Wait. What makes you think I don’t want to—”
“I think so. I think that not assuming the worst of you is the first step, and I need to get the others to do it, too. But yeah, I think I get you now. The way your mind works. The way your heart works.”
Something pulses horribly in his head, the empty space preparing itself to welcome a bond that Tony knows will never arrive. It’s worse than other times, it’s worse than any other time because this time Tony was really hoping… He was… No, no. He refuses to acknowledge the sharp pain it gives him, and feeds on it at the same time, lets this want spill out of him in a river of grief until he can turn his attention to something else.
The morning after they wake up slowly.
“Yes!” She’s thoughtful for a moment. Her expression is the same Tony has when he’s thinking. “Can I kiss you?”
“Steve. Please.”
Tony kisses him, in a daze, then says, “There’s lube in that drawer if you wanna—” and Steve breathes out, “Yeah, yeah,” and scrambles to his feet.
“I used to feel like her. Like Maria,” Steve says quietly, almost timidly. “I knew I liked men too, but I happened to fall for a girl, and I thought I’d marry her and spend my life with her, so my attraction to men would never be a problem.”
. But now, Tony thinks about it and wonders if between all the possible universes, in some of those alternative Earths... if there was ever one where him and Steve somehow could make it work.
He hasn’t shaved in a few days, but the edges of his goatee are still there, so he must have kept up with his grooming routine while he was… yeah. He probably lived in some safe house, so he must have had no need to disguise himself, at least not lately. He’s wearing simple clothes, jeans and a shirt.
They drive for about five minutes, and arrive in a place called Abbadia a Isola, where there are maybe fifteen buildings in total, and no one in sight. There’s a bar, a gas station, a few houses, and then, there’s a church.
He wants to say,
about Tony leaves Steve breathless. It’s not just his brain or his personality, but the small yet solid shape of him too, and all the transformations brought on by age have not changed that.
It works in cruel waves, because it’s so intense that he almost doesn’t even feel it anymore. His brain can’t process such a staggering amount of
Maria, on her end, loves Steve.
“Alright,” Steve says, placating. “I’m not touching you. Promise.”
Ever.
“It’s the— This was the eighth, I’m— I can’t stop—”
T’Challa speaks to him in soft tones, scared that Tony might shatter if his voice is too loud. They talk about the team and then T’Challa gives him a book of poems he read when he was young. Tony thanks him and reads one poem every night, right before falling asleep. One of them is about what happened to Tony, and Tony doesn’t know if T’Challa gave him the book because he wanted him to read this particular poem, or if he didn’t even remember that it was there. There’s a bit that says,
He can feel pain again. It comes back into the field of his awareness all of a sudden and all at once, like water flooding a valley after the dam crumbled down.
“Hey.”
They all have fair hair.
. Tony’s doing that thing with his voice, that thing with his smile and his eyes and his throat. He’s resting a hand in the crook of his thigh in a way that is studied to seem casual, but it’s meant to draw Steve’s attention to that part of his body, and Steve—
“Listen, just... just try to breathe, alright?”
“I almost had you. Almost. I tasted you just once,” Steve chokes out, and Tony doesn’t know how much of it is a metaphor and how much of it is unrestrained, carnal desire, the simplest pornography.
, and Steve knew, right then and there. He knew the moment had passed them by. And when he turned to look at Tony in the conference room, Steve had hoped, how he had hoped, to find on Tony’s face a doubtful frown to match Steve’s, to see him give Steve a little nod, as in,
He stares at the darkness swallowing the hills. He calls Sam.
“I hope I’m with you, at the end. That you’re the last thing I see.”
Tony stretches out on the bed, then curls up against Steve’s side. Steve strokes his back, revels in how warm his skin is.
But he has no such luck. Steve follows his every movement while he slips back into bed. The white around his eyes glimmers in the moonlight. Tony smells like bleach.
“Before. You said my father’s name. Don’t… don’t say it. Please.”
Steve doesn’t reply.
And then Tony thinks that he might as well use all the weapons in his I’m-a-terrible-human-being arsenal for this, so he balances himself against the floor, sticks his ass out, and presents himself for Steve’s taking. He makes himself as irresistible as any Omega can be for their Alpha, even though Tony is old and not as appealing as he once was—which never was much to begin with, considering Omega beauty standards.
“Nah, don’t worry. I barely slept at all, the whole night. Shit,” Tony rubs his eyes, presses his face into Steve’s chest, breathes him in. “We missed last night,” he whispers after a while.
“New England?”
“Okay. She’s trying to learn seven and a half languages at once. Give her time.”
“Don’t wanna... force you—”
I hope James is okay.
“Now I wanna see some powerful shots, one-two, one-two… Let’s take this from the top now, throw some kicks in between.”
Tony comes in Steve’s mouth about twenty minutes later, still wearing the cock cage. His dick still doesn’t reach a full erection, but it hasn’t been this hard for this long in
“Yeah.”
“You forgave him,” Bucky says, suddenly. It’s not a question.
“Yeah. He likes to talk. Even about whatever. Takes his mind off things.”
. Because he really does find Tony hot as hell. Tony feels such a rush of happiness that he almost starts crying too. Again.
Tony feels empty. Empty and hot and there’s slick everywhere—the sheets are wet with it.
It’s not fine, though, not really. The wait, the doubt, they’re starting to consume Steve. He feels tired of the erosion—he can’t replace himself as fast as he could the first days.
They cut off three fingers from my left hand. They force them into my mouth and tell me that if I spit them out they’ll burn my eyes with the iron rod in the fireplace. I realize that we all have our own hierarchy for body parts.
“I will.”
The view from the top is great, but it’s the attitude that fascinates Steve the most, the fact that people decided to keep this thing, even if it wasn’t complete, even if it didn’t serve any purpose at all like this. They had built it, so they left it there, so Steve could stand on it now, centuries later. With Tony, who tries to pretend he isn’t out of breath with the effort of climbing up the stairs. Steve, for his part, pretends not to be worried sick by this, and walks in front of Tony when they go down.
“See,” Tony says, “you don’t have the exclusive on fucking things up.” And it makes Steve laugh, the bitterness slowly giving space to amusement. “No, seriously,” Tony continues, “ask Pepper, I’m a pro. If there were Olympic games, I’d win all the gold medals.”
“Now you can,” she says.
The moment they settle into the water, the moment Steve feels Tony’s legs touch his own, the moment he can wrap himself around Tony like a blanket, hold him against his chest like the most precious thing in the world—that’s the moment Steve almost feels warm again.
As Tony expected, nothing about it is even remotely similar to what the man used to do. Steve’s gestures, the things he says, his sighs and grunts and groans of pleasure, they’re all different. He’s a completely different person, a completely different man.
But maybe—
“’Cause if I started I’d never stop. It’d have felt too real. Harder to pretend it was just sex.”
“Hey. I’ve got you. I’ve got you,” he whispers an inch from Tony’s mouth and Tony just looks at him, completely lost, sweat peppering his forehead, pooling at the hollow of his throat. Steve sucks at it, savors the salty taste of Tony’s skin. “I’m not leaving you. I’m here. I love you.”
“Tell me now,” Steve says, begs, because he can’t wait a second more, he’s going to die if he has to wait a second more.
He feels like he has centuries to live.
Coming to visit Florence in late August probably wasn’t the best idea, Steve muses an hour and a half later while he and Tony make their way from the parking lot to the city center on foot. The city is crowded, hot, and confusing. Steve keeps an eye on Tony; he doesn’t want him to overheat again because of the undershirt he’s wearing.
Tony thinks that maybe he should feel trapped. Steve’s body behind him, Steve’s arm, with his hand on the counter, still blocking one of Tony’s sides.
“But you remember the second time? When the bond was—”
“Alright.”
What if their entire relationship was about love and truth, instead of this strange hostility neither of them really feel, but for some reason always revert to. Instead of lies by omission, with the excuse of protecting the other, with the excuse of believing they can handle it all alone.
She comes into the doorframe from a room on the right, and the first thing Steve notices is her eyes: blue, but different from Steve’s—lighter, brighter, bluer. The spark of intelligence behind them is not unlike Tony’s: it’s the brilliance of genius, a vivacity so intense it becomes pure light. It’s the sign of a mind that has never stopped creating, not ever, not for a second, since its inception.
“Right.”
“Fuck,” Tony says, swiping his hand across his face.
“Stella. You didn’t tell me she’s an astrophysicist.”
“Steve—”
She is professional, polite. Her cat has left scratches over the back of her right hand. Her red lipstick is perfect even in this sweltering heat, even in this concrete desert. She is at least five inches taller than Tony and she’s wearing flats.
They weren’t.
“Tomorrow,” Tony repeats, and he holds Steve’s throat like Steve’s done to him a few times—a thumb on one side, his other fingers on the other, pressure tight but not enough to choke.
“But I do think you’re brave. I think you’re tough, and resilient, and you’re a formidable enemy to have, Tony. You’re invincible. But you’re also an amazing friend, kind, compassionate, and the most generous person I know. You own up to your mistakes, try to make them right. And as I said this morning, I’m proud of you.”
“What?”
“I’m fine, Tony. How are you? Does your head hurt?”
It’s made with a black marker pen. It’s New York, the dark portal gaping wide over it. Tony—well, Iron Man—is a small figure, flying in a straight line into that terrible hole, holding the nuke over his back. The drawing catches Tony just a moment away from entering that upside-down abyss.
, after they beat Ultron. When Steve was about to sign the Accords in Berlin.
Their progress, after that, is pretty clear to Steve: Tony needs time to get used to Steve’s touch, needs to build up some form of physical intimacy, needs to be the giver at first so he can be comfortable receiving. Steve is willing to be patient, he always asks Tony’s consent before doing anything new, but he tries to kiss Tony a couple more times, more out of a mixture of mindless arousal and muscle memory from the few other times he has had sex than anything else, but Tony always shifts away, and Steve tries to swallow his disappointment down and
about stuff, and not assume what the other is thinking and run with it. So they talk about it. They fight about it. They talk some more.
, and looks at him with his big sad eyes and his voice is small and kind and Tony doesn’t want Steve to be sad, and he doesn’t want to disappoint Steve.
He watches and watches and watches. He breathes, and doesn’t say anything.
“Yes. She seems very eager, too.”
“I did.”
“That doesn’t erase—”
“You there?” Tony asks.
“If I said that I’ve changed my mind… if I asked you… if I asked you to stop. Would you?”
It’s a sick game, a show of power (as though daily sexual violence isn’t enough), but it was never meant to starve him. Still, Tony is all flesh and bones now.
“How are you feeling?” Steve asks, but Tony doesn’t reply. “Tony?” Steve tries again.
Steve’s heart is beating so fast that it feels as if it isn’t beating at all.
“Steve, you couldn’t have known—”
“Wait, let me say this. I don’t know if I make you better. So I don’t know if we make each other better. But I know that you—
“Remember the letter your mom sent to Stella?” he asks after a few minutes of silence.
He searches for Steve’s hand and when he tangles their fingers together he feels like crying again.
“Every discussion we have wouldn’t end in a fight if we lov—”
“The things you were thinking earlier… about yourself… I’m sorry, Tony, I can’t shake them off so quickly, I—”
The only thing Steve can feel right now is pain.
There seem to be a lot of cooking shows on Italian television.
He’s heartbroken. He’s a widower.
But he’d be lying if he said his knees don’t almost give up on him while he turns and walks to the bed. He takes off his shoes and sits on his heels on the mattress, next to Tony, who’s lying on his side, an arm bent at the elbow to prop his head up with his hand. His t-shirt has ridden up to show a strip of bruised skin.
Then Tony ended up in a coma. Then the man forced Tony awake, and Tony knew, immediately, that the person in front of him wasn’t Steve.
Steve nods.
But there’s still something he needs.
Then, a few details click inside Steve’s brain.
. But no body is ever ready for this.
“Tony you don’t have—”
The King has never seen me fight. Some of the inmates say I should be glad for this ignorance. They say it won’t last. They say I’m his type.
“Right. Well. It, uh, it was good. Yeah. I mean, technique could be improved, but that’s true of basically anything when you ask me. Anything can be improved. So it was… yeah. It was really, really… really good. Yeah... I don’t last an hour anyway.”
“The best movie
Steve is mesmerized by Tony, how beautiful he looks like this, with Steve’s fingers disappearing into his body, his skin flushed, one hand fisting the sheets and the other searching frantically for Steve’s. Steve grabs it, kisses its back, lets Tony hold onto him.
Tony starts moving, slowly, and so, so carefully, like he’s afraid.
Steve closes his eyes. Maybe he can sleep some more. Hopefully, he won’t be back again.
All of a sudden, Tony notices that his face is wet. He touches his cheek, stares at his own tears on the pads of his fingers.
“Oh, Sam…”
There’s a French window at the end of the corridor. It opens into a backyard populated by more plants and trees, and a wooden table with chairs, for dining outside.
Tony scoffs, “Yeah, yeah.”
“Yeah.”
“Gotta go shower and make dinner. This super soldier isn’t gonna feed himself.”
Steve comes, and Tony can barely feel it. The knot stretches him and his dick twinges, but he doesn’t get anywhere near even half-hard.
“Good night, Tony.”
“You don’t get to act like this after what you did. I know it seems fucking impossible to you and the others, but I actually
He doesn’t care.
Sarah comes back to kiss them goodbye. Peter takes her to school most days; it’s on the way to his day job in the city. Tony fixes her hair in a ponytail and pushes her undershirt inside the waist of her jeans.
He gets up carefully, and it’s a miracle he doesn’t wake Steve up with how hard he’s breathing. In the bathroom, the pain eases up again, and stabilizes on something manageable. Lying down for too long? Not good.
It’s the way Tony groans that’s the giveaway. Steve can hear it from across the battlefield as if it were just next to him, as if the world wasn’t burning all around him.
Steve gets back to his drawing, Tony hides in the bathroom to get dressed.
Then, Steve makes a sound, and another, and Tony realizes that he’s laughing. Tony smiles too, bitter, and sad. There’s no real joy here, there’s no real joy on Steve’s face either.
“T-Tony,” he shudders, so Tony wraps him up in his arms, kisses his forehead.
“All done,” Steve says, smiling again, closing his eyes when Tony brushes his fingers through Steve’s hair. It’s so soft.
It’s like a slap to the face, Tony describing in such crude terms the most wonderful night of Steve’s life. Was it really just that to him? An
“Yeah,” Steve says, and he closes the book now, placing it next to Tony’s laptop. It’s
“I’ve had worse,” Tony says.
Stella smiles at him, reassuring and kind, and nods her encouragement.
“I’m that obvious, uh?”
There are hands on his face, big warm hands, and a body kneeled in front of him and the scent of roses that floods his mouth with blue.
Steve watches Tony sit on the thickest branch of the tree, legs wrapped around it. His thighs flex with the effort, the muscles contract under the soft linen of his pants. He reaches up with his arms, arching his back, and the pose is so peculiar that Steve wishes he had brought his sketchbook with him.
Steve follows Tony back inside, to the kitchen.
“How are you? How was BARF?” Steve asks.
They watch together as the last bit of light disappears behind the hills.
Steve is lying on his bed, on top of the covers, naked except for his underwear. He’s turned towards the window. In front of him, chest to back, there’s Sarah, fast asleep like her father, wearing only her diaper and one sock. The other one, Tony can see, is clutched in her tiny fist.
It’s weird, to lie on a bed at night and not hear Tony’s even breathing, his steady heartbeat, the hum of the reactor in the background of everything. There’s no scent of coconut, no warmth. No white-blue light beyond Steve’s closed eyes.
Steve hesitates for a long time. He sits next to Tony, takes his hand in his own, plays with his fingers.
“But, as I said. You don’t have to. If you don’t want to have sex with him, especially like this, then you just don’t do it. It’s your body, you get to decide. No one would blame you. But I thought you should know what could happen. You have a child with him; you deserve to know.”
Tony nods, thoughtful, but doesn’t say anything else. Steve finishes shaving him quietly, then makes him rinse his face again, but Tony insists on using his own aftershave. Steve is more than happy to let him; he loves Tony’s aftershave.
He just can’t help himself, and it’s true in so many ways, most of them opposites.
Here, now.
“Okay. Okay. It’s just that, you know, I don’t want to be treated like—”
Tony kisses him back and he tastes of loneliness and desperation—just the way Steve feels.
“Tony—”
He glances to the side and sees Peter, and a renewed sense of horror fills up his throat.
And now, now he knows that it’s called bisexuality, Tony and Natasha explained it to him. And it felt good, it felt huge that there were other people like him, that they were allowed to talk about it, that they could.
Ever.
Sort of like a pool, but at the same time absolutely nothing like a pool.
is normal.
Tony hears MJ greet the first guests upstairs. They have to go.
“My erection’s gone.”
Remember that time (I'm sure I've told you more than once) when he asked me,
He looks at Tony’s lifeless body one last time.
“Come on, Avenger. Let’s get you to the jet. Let’s go cuddle our daughter.”
“You go ahead,” Steve says, “I’ll lock up.”
Steve waits near the trunk, stupidly worried that Tony is gonna slip and fall. It’s unlikely, Tony is fit and agile, has quick reflexes, is a grown man who doesn’t need Steve to look after him. But Tony also sleeps too much and has bad dreams and his arm and chest hurt when he’s angry.
“Has it been fake, all these years?”
“Tony. You’re an idiot. I love you, you’re my friend, but you’re an idiot. Of course Steve wants you. Why do you think—”
“They want me to build a new reactor for them.”
He gets back to his feet slowly, sits on the bed silently. He frowns, touches his own lips with the pads of his fingers, and he looks as though he’s trying to understand something very, very difficult.
“No need to be ashamed. Come on, it’s just me. Please.”
like Mom’s.
He taps the reactor.
His actions implied it, at least. And maybe it’s not entirely true, because part of him honestly believes they need supervision and a system of accountability. But he cared about Steve more than he ever cared about the Accords.
“Didn’t want to disturb you... Hey. I got something to tell you.”
“That’s it. That’s perfect.”
It should be quick, efficient. But it’s the opposite.
“She talks about music, she gives me advice on a job I was about to accept, but in the end didn’t. She hints about your father’s work on the super soldier serum, but doesn’t go into detail for obvious reasons. She asks me about Laura. Tells me she read one of Laura’s papers and has some questions for her. She… she talks about you too, Tony. And about your father.”
That night, Tony asks Steve to fuck him.
Or was it the other way around?
“‘Course you can.”
“Well. I like to think it was because she saw me as a friend, but—”
“You really think that’s a good idea?”
Steve needs to do something, and soon. Tony’s health might be at stake.
“Were we, Tony?”
“I fear there’ll be second-thoughts. That we did it only thinking about her, and not us. Because it’s about us, too. It’s our bond, and if it doesn’t work—”
“Wow.” Steve sounds like a child at Disneyland.
Sex with Steve is different, of course. It’s the opposite, in fact. First of all, Tony wants it, very much so. But Steve is the real variable. He is attentive and generous; he’s a kind lover, and he takes just as much as he gives. He’s respectful but he doesn’t walk on eggshells around him—he often asks, “Is this okay?” and waits for Tony to nod, but his hands don’t tremble and his lips move sure and steady on Tony’s skin.
Tony presses a button on the hinges of his glasses, keeps looking in the direction of the kid’s mother as discreetly as possible. “FRIDAY, can we get a home address for that kid and his family? Get them… I don’t know, StarkPads and… whatever they need. Check the medical records for those glasses, let’s keep tabs on any changes. We pay for everything the SSN
“I will be. If you fuck me, I’ll… It’ll be better, I know it, I just know it.”
“No, my peak-of-human-perfection ass was frozen in 2008. And I’m still sure you weren’t a sleazebag.”
Tony’s smile falters when he sees that Steve is crying.
Great. So now Steve gave Tony a heart attack.
But Tony really seems normal. He looks at Steve when he talks to him, passes him fruit during breakfast, discusses tactics with him like they’ve done thousands of other times before, they talk about the team, about improvements for their weapons, about the last super villain that really thought he was gonna rule the planet starting from Manhattan, about movies and books and food and everything. So what if Steve can’t sleep at night, thinking about Tony’s skin on his? What if he can still feel Tony’s tongue on his neck, the scent of his come, his hand on his dick? What if he sometimes thinks,
He pushes the tears back. He can’t let Tony see him cry.
“We wouldn’t.”
to him.
This is serious. It’s a serious insult for an Alpha. It’s one of the most unforgivable betrayals; it keeps them from being what they should be, what they are at their core: protectors, caretakers. Fathers.
Then Tony suddenly sits up and Steve has only time to think
Tony lets out a shaky laugh. “I won’t,” he says, holding a hand over the reactor.
Me too.
“Are you sure about this, Tony? I don’t want you to strain your—”
Tony turns, incredibly slowly, and walks over to stand in front of him.
“She likes—“
“We’ll see what happens, I guess.”
“Yeah, he just... I don’t know. I think he wasn’t that surprised by the reactor. The scar, yes.”
They were civil.
“The oven—” he says, and Steve face unclouds in such a noticeable way that it’s almost funny.
“I’m a futurist,” Tony jokes, not for the first time, but Steve laughs anyway.
“Tony, hey, listen to me. That thing, it happened, but it’s not happening right now. Listen, you’re safe. I’m not gonna hurt you.”
“You’re the most possessive person—”
The blood on the shield.
“Me too, sweetheart. More than anything.”
Ok, Luca, go back to her, alright? If you are a good kid I'll send a present to your house in a few days, mh?
“We can fix that.”
“I got the information about your parents right before SHIELD fell. It was incomplete, with no definite or credible source. I didn’t know how to tell you. I thought, you know, it’s too personal, we’re not that close. But I knew it’d be important to you as it was to me. So, first of all, I needed to verify the information. I put Sam on it for the most part, but I worked on it too. And we got proof. The tape Zemo showed us... after the SHIELD data dump, someone got their hands on a file with a description of the video, and bragged about it on the internet, enough to reach Sam. That night, before I went to Lagos... I wanted to tell you. ‘Cause by then I was reasonably sure it was true and also… during those three days at the compound, we, we talked, remember? Remember how much we talked?”
“It’s because of the bond.”
Steve smiles, sweet. “Of course, Tony. That’d make me… very happy.”
Steve hollows his cheek, makes a tight circle with his lips, bobs his head back and forth and feels all the ridges of the cage on Tony’s flesh, tries to get at his skin as much as possible with his tongue, feels his saliva drip down his chin and into the gray hair at the base of Tony’s dick; he’s making a mess of himself, he’s making a mess of them both.
Which. What?
Steve has a beard now, Tony notices as soon as he steps into the room. He looks older and beautiful. Somehow even more Alpha than before.
They never talked about it. They simply made space in their life for the other.
No, no, he doesn’t. Right.
“You need to heal.”
Steve squares his shoulders and takes a deep breath to chase the memory away. This is not the time, but he feels it pushing back at him, resisting.
He already reached the unforgivable, but he didn’t know he could sink even lower.
“Yeah. Thank you.”
He should’ve been more careful, he realizes when it’s already too late.
God. Jesus fuck—
“You said,
“I’d color it, but I didn’t bring any—”
Tony presses his face into Steve’s body, his heart hammering with fear, and the world goes quiet for several long moments, because—
Steve is crying, and Tony is pretty sure it’s out of joy, which is not at all what he was expecting.
A couple of months later Maria never shuts up. Every time it’s a language lottery. Who knows what the fuck she’s speaking? Not Tony. But they’ll figure it out. She’ll figure it out.
“I think you’re very sorry, yes. I think you wish things played out differently. But I think that in the end you still believe it was worth it. Because Barnes is safe, and that’s... that’s all that matters to you.”
What the hell is he talking about?
Tony, beautiful, beautiful Tony, who trusts Steve to look after his numb body, his perfect body, his exhilarating body; who lets Steve use him like this; who is willing to be the means to an end for Steve’s needs; who offered himself up for Steve’s pleasure like it was the most normal thing in the world.
Steve doesn’t have control over his body, but he feels his back arch up off the mattress; he feels a spark of electricity shake him from head to toe; he feels something warm and beautiful take over his mind.
Steve gets up and puts on his boots and a hoodie. He heads downstairs, and then outside. He pauses for a moment between the trees.
Steve sighs. “I want to do it right this time, Tony.”
“What you did today for that kid,” he says at some point, “it was good. You really are a good person, Tony.”
“Hey. Give me some credit, big guy.”
“No. No, Tony.”
His jaw does a thing, his shoulders twitch. He growls like a feral beast, and he throws the shield.
“Steve—”
But he wants. He wants so much more.
Bye, Iron Man!
“Morning,” he mumbles. “How long did I sleep?”
He can’t find his way back to Steve.
“Hey,” Tony mumbles, his voice soft and sleepy. He gives Steve a lazy smile.
“How do you feel about me?”
Then, it happens. Steve’s scent changes into something different, and there it is, the tell. It begins to hurt. Only a little at first, just a mild burn when Steve fucks back in, but then it grows into a fire, Tony’s rim catching at the swelling knot, Steve’s cock struggling to keep going in and out of him. Flesh fighting flesh.
It’s a warning. So it won’t be like yesterday.
“That takes a lot of strength.”
about the church, but he doesn’t know exactly what else they’re talking about, either.
Stella leaves the room. Tony can hear her rummage around in her bedroom.
Tony relaxes his throat. He takes some time to work his cheeks and his tongue so he gets his mouth nice and wet for Steve.
The shield covers them. The stench of death fills all his senses.
Thanos comes to Earth on the day of Sarah’s fourth birthday.
I love you so much, (my) little one.
Tony pads barefoot to the other side of the room, and he stares out of the closed French window. The clouds are dark and close, but it’s not raining yet.
“I’ll be back in a couple of hours,” Steve says, and leaves.
Must be fun.
“What, the suit, what, why? Why? What’s happening?”
Tony lifts his head to look at the TV. “Oh, Jesus Christ,” he snaps, surprised and annoyed, while an old, short, sharp-dressed man speaks. He doesn’t have a lot of hair on his head, and the little he has, he dyes. His face is a mask of makeup; his skin tone looks fake, all kinds of wrong. All of him looks fake.
“It’s okay. Let’s not… let’s not do this now.”
Like when Dad buys stuff off of Amazon?
“You sure you can stay like this for two hours?”
“Okay, okay. Sorry.”
It’s soaked in seconds.
“Your face tells me you don’t agree with my position.”
Tony prepares to fire.
“Yeah, but you should—” Tony begins to say while his eyes still have to adjust to the brightness of the room, but he doesn’t finish his sentence when he realizes that Steve got ready while Tony was still asleep.
“Come again?”
It’s already a little different. It’s faint, nothing overtly obvious, but Steve already smells sweeter, already some of the
“I don’t want to—”
“Tony—”
Tony makes a turn so they can walk through Ponte Vecchio to get back to the car, and if his surprised gasp is anything to go by, Steve didn’t know the bridge is full of jewelry shops.
“No, I—”
“No, but barely.”
What they do to my cock, though... I can’t even look at it.
Steve discards his shield to the side, it hits the concrete floor with a loud
She’s teething. And she wants the entire tower to know just how pissed off she is about that.
Steve presses his nose in Sarah’s hair, and Tony watches him and imagines the scent of his daughter making its way into his lungs and his heart.
As Tony promised, the drive isn’t long. Stella’s villa is outside Siena, at the top of a hill which has only one access from the main road, a long white trail with cypresses on both sides. It ends in an open space covered in gravel, where they leave the car, next to Stella’s.
Tony does nothing, this is just. It’s not that he doesn’t want to wear it, because he does. It’s just. Steve bought one. For him.
“No. It’s everything.”
Steve twists on his side. “Can I touch you?”
“Right. Damn. I changed my mind,” Tony jokes.
“It was also about that. A bit. It was… grown-up things.”
He can breathe now—it hurts and it scares him for a moment, the cold water, but he can breathe.
He thinks about Steve’s hands on him, in the shower, washing him so delicately, almost reverently. The way he shined, maybe only in Tony’s mind.
He looks at his hands, limp in his lap, and so different from Tony’s. Tony’s hands are real—used, callused, large, the fingers thick, the skin ridged with scars and old burns, the knuckles darkened like a worn-out pair of leather gloves, fingertips rough, palms hard and firm to the pressure, with grease under the nails sometimes. They’re hands that tell a story. They’re real hands.
“I don’t want to force you into anything. But if you want it, if you really want, uh, me, I’m… I’m here. For you.”
In his mind, he goes over the places he wants to see in Florence, wonders if they’ll manage to see the Uffizi Gallery or if Tony will be well and truly done with art after all the churches Steve wishes to visit. But if his behaviour up to this point is any indication of the future, Tony will probably just suffer in silence, retire to a corner of whatever room Steve is inspecting, and work on his phone when he thinks Steve can’t see him.
“I don’t think Sarah would fall for bullshit that big.”
Steve takes a quick shower, then cleans Tony up with a wet towel. Tony doesn’t feel like getting up right now: he’s lying comfortably in bed, stomach down—his side slightly lifted so he doesn’t crush the reactor with his weight—a hand under the pillow, completely naked. He feels sore, tender, still open, but he’ll be fine soon. And it was worth it, anyway. God, it was so worth it.
“It’s alright. You were upset.”
“Doesn’t this go against all your morals? In theory, at least?”
“Yeah. I feel it.”
He turns, and Steve appears from one of the tunnels. He’s dirty and his uniform is torn in places, but he’s not injured.
Steve.
“Tony, it’s not your fault—”
He squeezes his eyes shut as hard as he can, clenches his jaw with so much force his teeth grit together painfully. He tries to hold it back, but he can’t, and it explodes in his chest like he has a reactor of his own on top of his heart.
“Knock it off, Tony,” Steve interrupts him, his tone kind despite the words. “Wear the damn thing.”
His hand, the hand that was inside Tony’s mouth just a minute ago, makes its way between Steve’s thighs, past his balls, and Tony watches him slide a finger into himself, just the tip.
Tony turns off the light with a grin on his face.
“Sorry, I—”
“You’re you. And I’m… I’m me.”
“Same to you.”
“I always hoped I could forgive you. Someday. Seeing that it was affecting Sarah in ways I hadn’t thought of… it convinced me.”
Tony gestures for him to open the first drawer of the dresser. “There’s a file… Yeah, that one.”
Tony comes out of the bathroom still in a daze, weirdly surprised to find out that his shower didn’t make what just happened between Steve and him any less real.
“I don’t know, Tony. I’m so sorry.”
“So, since you’re about to kick the bucket and all, I thought we could live a little and go see a place, later. It’s not far, it’s a small town… peculiar, let’s say.”
As if anything they do to his body could ever hurt more than the dead bond in his mind.
He looks at Tony, and horror fills him up to the bone. He feels like he’s moving through something thick—like honey, like tar—that forces him to fight every inch of the way. Every step is a conquest. Every breath is a war.
Nothing.
Steve bristles at the tone and answers with the most offended scowl he can muster, but he ultimately decides to let it go. He doesn’t want to fight.
The first rays of sunshine allow Tony to see inside the room, and he finally decides that he’s stared at the clock long enough. He shifts his gaze to another part of the room, the one he’s been trying to avoid.
“When this is done… we’re gonna find you a therapist. Someone we can trust. Someone you like. We’ll have them come here, bodyscan them before they set foot in the compound every time. Have them sign a contract they won’t want to breach. They’re gonna keep their records about you here, on your personal server. And you’re gonna work on this. We are, together.”
There’s silence for just a moment, and then Tony huffs out a small laugh.
This is Tony taking a leap of faith (in others, in himself) and doing something that is so incommensurably
“It’s weird, I know. We don’t have to do it, but I thought with you being, you know…”
The guards beat us up every day. And they rape us every night. There’s not too many of them, so a few of us get spared the ordeal some nights, but never more than one or two in a row.
“Hey,” Steve says, and Tony groans in reply. “Yeah, you didn’t sleep much,” Steve continues.
Don't worry, it won't be a problem.
“Oh.”
“Hey, what’s wrong?” Tony asks, gently, and he reaches out for Steve’s hand, then hesitates and retracts his arm, then reaches out again.
T'Challa’s voice saying that Steve is trying to make amends echoes in Tony’s mind.
He greets Stella when he enters the kitchen, and she kisses his cheek.
“God, Tony… The way you taste, it’s… I want to… I don’t know, bathe in it, it’s… It’s amazing, you’re amazing, I—”
“Alright. I’ll keep you posted on the situation here.”
“That’s the trick, isn’t it?” Tony says instead, voice unsteady, again on the verge of tears. He doesn’t cry, though. “That’s the fucking trick,” he repeats, tone harsh, letting his throat work over the K’s so that they explode in the silence of the bedroom.
“‘M sorry,” Steve slurs, he shuts his eyes, opens them again, clutches at his chest. “But I wasn’t... I never stopped, I, I know it’s wrong and—because I hurt you and—I know I shouldn’t, but I still want you. Will always... will always want you.”
After hugging Steve first to help him deal with his nightmare, this was to be expected, he supposes.
“I know. Want to do something about it?” Steve smiles, inviting.
“Yeah, I know what it does.”
Someone outside the screen calls Rhodey. “Hey, I gotta go. It’s been crazy here.”
“You like this place?”
“Since last night?”
“Mind if I sit here?” he remembers to ask when he’s already sitting.
But he isn’t. He won’t be. He can’t feel anything anymore.
The Duomo is amazing, and Giotto’s campanile is really impressive, but they decide not to go up because Tony looks a bit terrified at the suggestion. Steve spends way too much time staring at the mosaics inside the Baptistery—their shimmering gold almost seems like the only source of light—and at the sculpted panels of the doors, in such a vivid low relief that Steve can barely believe his own eyes. The interiors of the cathedral are rather simple compared to Siena’s, but Vasari’s fresco inside Brunelleschi’s Dome is so powerful that Steve squints at it with his enhanced sight until even his neck has enough of it. The Cupola itself is a work of genius; even Tony is fascinated, and Steve wonders how it must look to his eyes.
A moment later, Tony is in Siberia.
“Yeah?”
“I held myself back. Kept myself from loving you, forced myself not to, because I was supposed to hate you. Because I
I know why they took my fingers. They want to see if they will grow back. They won’t, but I stare at the bloody gauze and I can’t find any feeling of loss inside me.
The call ends.
After that, Steve would remove his fingers from Tony’s mouth, turn his head delicately, and kiss him. It would be sweet but demanding, and Tony would get lost in it, in the sensation of Steve’s beard brushing against his, in the taste of blue roses on his tongue. He’d come all over the mirror.
“Tony—”
“I don’t know, I’m not jealous. You can do whatever you want. We aren’t together now, we weren’t together back then, I just... I don’t have any say in the matter. You can kiss whoever you want.”
“Yeah, I sent her the tapes. I’m glad you enjoyed them too.”
He keeps thinking about the Hydra base collapsing on itself. He keeps thinking about the flames licking at the clouds in the early night sky. He keeps thinking about the two tall pyres, one per building, lapping up at the sparse stars like burning giraffes.
The first time the man brought him here, Tony thought he’d get beaten up, tortured, killed. That would have been okay. But the man, instead, forced Tony to walk to the bed and then ordered him to strip and lie down on his stomach.
Stella clutches his hand, and Tony doesn’t need to continue.
Tony closes his eyes in the dim light on the room. The sun is setting, and the shutters are half-closed. The curtains are billowing out with the breeze softly blowing from outside.
“Oh. Alright.”
A sigh, a wince.
“The doctor says you heal fast.”
The boy scrubs me over carefully. He wants to get me clean without hurting me.
Tony’s curls, the wind messing with them.
Tony closes his eyes, looks like he doesn’t want anything else in the world than Steve using him like this, loving him like this.
“Thank you. Really. And for the record, you’re a good person too.”
“Tony, I didn’t mind. I don’t know how to say this without making it sound like I’m a creep, but hardly anyone has ever retained their privacy if I was in the building. I got used to it after a while. Actually, it’s other people that should mind, not me.”
“Please. Let me help.” Steve says, and looks into Tony’s eyes until Tony nods.
Okay, okay. Tony lowers his hands.
how she died, I forced myself to. I found some old letters she received from this woman, an Italian woman named Stella Boccherini, who lives close to Siena. This woman knew my mom before she came to the States, and they kept in touch, after.”
, and she’s amazing.
“What is it?”
“Could’ve fooled me.”
“Come lie down. For a bit, alright?”
It’s genuine too, because there’s joy glimmering across the bond, so much joy, and it’s so brilliant, and Steve wonders why he can’t keep Tony like this always, why he can’t make him this happy all the time. He sure wishes he could.
“Gotta go upstairs…” Tony leaves the room without finishing the sentence. When he comes back, the atmosphere in the room changes. In his hand there’s Maria’s letter.
She kneels on the bed. She’s clutching her She-Hulk doll like her life depends on it.
In Tony’s imagination, Steve enters the bathroom and shuts the door quietly. He drags in a deep breath, his shoulders rising and falling with it, before taking off his shirt and hanging it on the towel rack. His nipples would be hard and dark, and Tony imagines himself wondering how they would feel between his teeth.
Which isn’t new, per se. He has loved Tony from afar for years. He has had a lot of very explicit dreams involving him, as sad as they always left him. He has been looking at Tony for the last thirteen years, worked with him, sparred with him, showered close to him, saved the world with him. He has always liked Tony, has always been very attracted to him.
“Are you guys gonna sleep in the same bed from now on? Like the other parents?”
every morning and finds a way to give Tony an external prostate massage (a fucking
“Steve.”
Steve nods again. “Yeah. Yeah.”
But no, that’s not why he hasn’t asked. It’s something else.
He touches my hair as though he’s done it thousands of times.
I don’t even have to ask. He comes with us.
“I’m sorry I left you. I’m so sorry, Tony.”
Tony drives in silence.
An hour later, some of the pain has subsided and Steve is almost dozing off, but two men enter the room to take Tony away.
Tony must’ve undone a few buttons of his shirt, because there’s only warm glass under Steve’s skin. He covers it entirely, and with his middle finger he can graze the hollow of Tony’s throat.
He starts caressing Tony’s arm delicately when it’s almost time to go. Up and down, up and down again, from wrist to elbow. Tony stirs against Steve’s chest, a jolt goes through him, and he gives out a tired moan. He twists on the bed, stays on his back while he yawns, then turns towards Steve, burrows between his arms.
He gathers Tony up, puts an arm behind his shoulders.
Tony’s tried basically anything that could work with him. He’s leaned onto Steve’s shoulder while they were watching a movie with the others, has hugged him every chance he got, has whispered in his ear when there was no real reason for it, and he’s even flirted across the team comms and made Jen groan and T’Challa go, “Ew.” But every time Tony tries to push at the edges of friendship and imply something different, Steve instantly draws back, or puts space between his body and Tony’s, or makes up an excuse to leave the room, or fails to respond to Tony’s jokes.
“Shit.”
“Steve—”
“Sharon and Rhodey took care of them, don’t worry.”
Tony doesn’t remember the words at the beginning of the song, but Stella starts singing at the right point, and from then on Tony remembers all the lyrics.
When he bottoms out, Tony is rigid under him. Stretching out on top of him, he brings his mouth to Tony’s ear and whispers, “Breathe. Breathe.”
Tony tries to detangle what he just saw Steve do from the last strands of his panic attack. But he—
But Steve gasps, unexpectedly, and even though it sounds more like the final rattle of a dying man, he eases off of Tony. He groans again, tortured and agonizing, and takes his fingers out of Tony’s mouth.
They walk around the little town for another hour or so, stop at a cafè to get iced tea.
“Thank you,” Steve says again in his ear, after placing a kiss on Tony’s cheek. His lips are soft, his beard scratches Tony’s skin in a way that makes him want more.
Behind it, Steve sees a river, large and blue and dry in places because of the summer heat. Woods press along both riverbanks, and then it’s more of the same landscape Steve’s used to by now: hills, fields, vineyards, more woods.
Like on most days, Steve slides from complete darkness to full consciousness in the span of a second. By the intensity of the light entering the room from the French window he can tell that it’s early.
Steve nods, and leaves.
“Is there something wrong?” Steve asks, honey voice leaking all over Tony.
Steve sighs.
I can be at peace with that.
Steve surges up, circles Tony’s back with his arm and with a quick thrust of his hips he has Tony pinned beneath him, his back on the bed, and he fucks into him like he did that first time, fast and short and shallow, so he hits Tony’s prostate every time.
Steve sits and takes his fork and forces food into his mouth. It tastes amazing, of course, but he can’t appreciate it right now. He eats in silence, quickly, he’d be sick if he didn’t have the body he has.
“Uhm. Are you sure about this?” Steve asks, staring dubiously at the pan.
“It’s warm,” Steve says, like he really needs Tony to listen, to understand this. “It’s warm. It’s fine. It’s warm.”
Steve cleans the razor carefully and rinses the shaving brush. He starts the whole process on Tony, from the top, making him wash his face with hot water first.
“Take care, Sam. Bye.”
Tony could send Sam a text. Have him come pick Steve up at the airport. Take him back to D.C. or… wherever Steve will want to go. A little surprise.
It’s hot, it’s so hot, but it’s also cold, there’s ice everywhere, Tony shivers and is covered in sweat and he can’t breathe.
“Oh, Tony—” Stella starts.
“Do you mind if I draw for a while?”
Steve closes his eyes and breathes, slow and deep, trying to calm himself.
Tony circles Steve’s wrist with his fingers, gasps, flinches back.
“Hey, it’s— it doesn’t matter. You were tired.”
I still can’t wrap my head around the fact that he’s dead. I never would have left if he were still alive.
It was supposed to be nothing. Not even a real mission. Tony didn’t even change out of the business suit he was wearing; that’s how banal this was supposed to be, how easy. The simplest thing in the world. Weird readings from Lake Montauk, Nat had said. Probably someone playing with stray alien weapons, and can you guys check it out real quick while I wrap things up here in Florida with James?
Tony’s head spins with disbelief.
“Who? Thor? Yeah. I do. He’s my friend.”
“How long have I been—”
What if it lasts longer than a week? What if it lasts ten days? Two weeks? A month?
“I’m just saying, you know, it’d be—”
“Alright,” Steve says, and kisses him. He tastes like Tony and like all the best things in the world—like being safe, loved.
“You’re a good person, Tony.”
Sarah comes by to the workshop one day after school. Tony isn’t really looking at her; he’s reading through Pepper’s notes on the contract for a merger.
I wonder if common people have access to these. But then again, that wasn’t a given even in my world, and I know how hard he tried to fix it.
Steve’s moves his hand to Tony’s ribs. Tony hears, more than feels, the soft kiss Steve places over the scar, through the t-shirt. Tony presses his nose in Steve’s hair.
“Why won’t you give up the fight? Why?”
Steve swallows.
“‘It wasn’t a priority.’ Are you fucking kidding me, ‘it wasn’t a priority’?”
“Y-yeah,” he stammers, and yelps when the entire world tilts and his back hits the padded floor, Steve stretching on top of him and dipping his head in for a kiss.
It’s a Saturday morning. Steve wakes up with his arm still asleep because Tony’s head is resting on top of it. He tries to extricate himself as quietly as possible, but Tony stirs, sighs, yawns, and in the end opens his eyes.
Because Tony is here, now, in front of him, eyes dancing around their room—
“But... the light—”
Steve looks up at Tony and laughs again. Tony brushes his hair away from his forehead.
“Tony–”
He leans into Steve’s hand, still on his cheek, and reaches out to hug him, resting his face in the crook of Steve’s neck. He feels shaken, upset, wrong.
I’m out of my mind with pain.
starts soon after on the holoscreen.
“That’s it,” Tony says, kissing them away from his face, “that’s it. Let it go.”
“Yes. I would’ve,” Tony replies at once, sure of himself like he’s saying his own name. “Never doubt that I would’ve, Steve.”
“Tony?” he says, and his voice sounds foreign to him, nervous and hopeful, tense but excited. His hand trembles, and he presses the phone to his ear a little bit harder.
“I thought you knew I... that I...
“Did she ever take you to see the stars on her birthday?”
When Stella leaves, Steve sits on the bed. “She seems very nice,” he says.
, Steve thinks.
“Want you inside me.”
“Dad?”
He’s grown so much since I’ve met him.
He just wants Steve.
“You just had my head between your thighs.”
the older person in the room, guess he’s trying to act like it.”
Tony keeps his gaze down, on the cherries, and whispers, “I’m fine,” so quietly that Steve is sure he can hear it only because he has enhanced senses.
“Ice packs. I’ve got… five. You want?”
“This,” Tony says, circling Steve’s forefinger with his hand, “Thank you.”
“Is it like a big square with lots of fountains?”
The afternoon sun is merciless, yet Steve shivers. He closes his eyes, letting the ache spread through him. He can’t do anything for Tony. He wishes he could.
“Come here, lemme—” Steve whispers, grabbing Tony’s jaw with his big hand, and bending over him to kiss him, bruising and strong and not quite himself while he licks behind Tony’s ear, below it, and then again into his mouth with the same calibrated violence he displays in battle, a measured cruelty, always a hair away from slipping through his fingers, and it might, now.
there’s the fact that his dick doesn’t really get very hard anymore. Reaching an orgasm has felt like a chore lately. He can’t take Viagra because of his heart. And he knows that he wouldn’t feel like this if he weren’t
It’s the way he feels: undeserving, unworthy, ungrateful.
It had been the opposite of always, in the end. It had been barely a year. Then Tony attacked Harry Osborn, the President of the United States, loudly and publicly, and… and they killed him.
They soon move on from kisses to what can be done with hands and mouths. Steve doesn’t even ask about anything else.
“Mom used to say,
“Tony, I… the part at the end of the letter was true, if you need me, I’ll be there for you. I’ll always be there for you.”
Yeah, sure.
“You wanna suck me off first? You like that, don’t you? Do it. I missed your mouth…” Tony brushes his thumb over Steve’s mouth, hooks it on his bottom lip. “Your mouth…”
There it is.
“But… I’m not gonna pretend the wait isn’t fucking me up, either. I don’t know what goes on in your head, I don’t know what you want, I don’t know what you think. I have no idea how this will end, while you obviously already do. And I don’t know what to do with that, because I need to know, too, but you won’t fucking tell me. And I’m scared.”
“I know you are,” Tony says, pushing Steve’s hair away from his forehead. “I know you are.”
He thinks about what happened today, about what Spider-Man told him. That this is an alternative reality for him, a future born out of some mistake Peter made while messing with his own past. Apparently Osborn isn’t supposed to be ruling the States, and Tony isn’t supposed to be dead.
If I could go back.
Of course.
“Looking a little sloppy there, Avenger.”
Tony lifts his hands, palms up, and looks at them, as though he could find there confirmation of what he just said. He clenches his hands into fists.
“Nope. But I might start now.”
“I regret what I did every day. I’ll regret it for the rest of my life.”
They killed Steve’s husband, mercilessly, cruelly. They left him to die slowly and painfully on the steps of a building, blood oozing out of him and staining the hard gray stone beneath him.
“You can take him back to the States with you once you’re done here.”
“The water isn’t cold,” Tony says, smiling again. “There’s a thermal source that merges with the river a couple of yards that way. The water’s warm here,” he explains.
“Yeah. I feel like there’s more of me. And it’s you.”
The emptiness.
“I know, I just—”
He dreams of considering the room, the position of the concrete columns, the wind gusting in from outside, of calculating the angles. He dreams of picking up the shield, of kneeling in the middle of the room, over Tony’s blood—he doesn’t deserve to die standing.
“How… how long?”
“Steve,” he tries to say. “Steve.”
So, yeah, there was this baby. New baby at the orphanage. Except the orphanage couldn’t possibly take her yet, because it was undergoing the renovations Tony was paying for. Space was extra tight for everyone, and there really wasn't any room for a new baby. Especially a newborn.
“About a new invention?”
“And then I needed to let it all go.
“About half an hour. I told her we’d be there around 4.”
Tony snorts. He huffs a laugh, too, and Steve starts breathing again.
“No, no, it’s fine, I… kinda didn’t think this through as much as I should’ve, I suppose, but…”
“Yeah.”
“You didn’t. Remember? Not scared. Just surprised.”
Steve takes out his field first aid kit.
Tony clutches at Steve’s shoulder and leaves without another word. Steve hears him start the shower. He stares at his hands splayed out on the table.
“Yeah. Yeah, I didn’t think… Alright.” Tony grimaces, and looks down.
Tony is thoughtful for a moment. “Serum, reactor… They’re all over the place.”
It’s not exactly in focus; Tony is moving, but it’s beautiful in its own way. His profile barely visible against the bluest sky Steve has ever seen, his skin glowing in the blistering sun of the early afternoon, his sunglasses masking him just enough.
Steve draws closer to him, slides down on the bed to line up his face with Tony’s belly. He lifts his t-shirt and ignores Tony grumbling about being woken up too early by his handsy Alpha.
“It’s beautiful. Rhodey’s smile is perfect. He smiles just like this.”
“It makes me feel guilty. But it’s part of you. And I love all of you. Even the parts of yourself you love the least.”
“Yeah. You mind if I take a nap? Couple of hours, tops. I don’t feel like getting up yet.”
Steve turns his head on the pillow to smile at him. “You have a sponsor?”
Steve cries.
I know when it’s going to be. As soon as I’m healed enough to walk out of here and to the public square.
“I don’t know. Maybe? It’d make sense.”
Piazza delle Sorgenti turns out to be really a peculiar place, as Tony had said.
“Be angry. Be angry as long as you need. I just hope you allow me to... I don’t know. I don’t know where this is taking us, Tony, I just... I just hope you let me hold your hand on the way there.”
“Tony—” Steve tries to interrupt him, to get him to talk, to put an obstacle between Tony and his isolation, but he doesn’t know how to do it except by force and frustration. He doesn’t know how to be gentle about this.
Lots of things changed. Most of all, Tony.
Steve groans when Tony’s fingers make their way past the first ring of muscle. He swears under his breath and he comes, again, while he clutches Tony’s shoulder as a warning. His thighs shudder and he pushes back against Tony’s hand, just a little bit, mindful of the fact that he’s still knotting Tony’s face. But Tony feels him riding his fingers, rolling his hips to take them deeper; he hears Steve moan his name and come apart above him.
“As you wish, sir.”
“Better than nothing,” Tony agrees.
“Where?”
“Steve—”
“I know, sweet—”
“I dunno. So far, he’s just… kinda there. And you can say his name, I won’t flip. Promise.”
Tony thinks about the armor crawling away from him, and the armor crawls away from him. He sits down on the edge of Steve’s bed. He breathes.
“You said
“As long as I’m with you, I’m not losing anything.”
They stare at each other, and Steve realizes he hasn’t said anything yet. He doesn’t think his voice would come out right just about now.
“Yes, boss.”
Steve releases his hold on the little box. It drops to the bottom of his pocket.
Tony puts his glasses on and presses the little button on the hinge. “Call Peter,” he says, and Steve hears the line connect. “Come on, come on,” Tony mutters softly while he waits for an answer.
“Yes, but I can control it. Easily, too. I can do it, but I don’t
Fuck, whatever.
But being so intimately acquainted with it means that Tony knows when there’s no escape. From here, there isn’t.
“I could never bring myself to go through my mother’s personal belongings. But after I…” Tony pauses, looking suddenly very sad, “
“This was your mother’s favorite place, Tony. We’d come here during the day, with the excuse that it was less warm than in the house, and we’d… well…”
She’s so tiny. She only has Tony.
The house is not big, but it is spacious and full of light, thanks to the big windows Tony had wanted. The glass blocks the view from the outside. The thick walls and the cotto tiles on the floor keep the temperature down, an ancient equilibrium Tony was careful not to disrupt in his renovations.
“Thank you,” Tony says to Steve’s ankles. He drags his eyes away, then, and they fall on the grandfather clock. The pendulum’s movement, so regular and soft, is hypnotizing.
Steve leaves.
Steve’s heart hammers in his chest, fear taking him over. He swallows, a hot flush creeping up along his neck.
Steve kneads at the bruise on Tony’s shoulder, pushes his fingers into it, forces the muscles to relax with the warmth of his hands.
His heart stutters in his chest, and he sucks in a breath, so sharply it almost catches in his throat and makes him cough.
’s that Steve has said with words or acts in the last ten days.
Steve falls heavily on the blanket, ungraceful; he looks tense and sad, and Tony wishes he could… that he could just…
“Against all odds.”
“Wanna come with me? Take a walk? I’d like to show you something,” Tony says suddenly, in a friendly tone he’s never used in the past few days.
So Steve imagines the future. Without Tony.
“Tony, please…”
Immediately, Steve appears next to him. He kneels with one knee on the floor, and for a crazy moment Tony is reminded of a marriage proposal. Nothing further from their current situation.
“Good morning,” Steve says, with a clipped tone that Tony isn’t particularly thrilled about. His body is kind of rigid, and he pulls away from Tony, just enough to be noticeable.
“Already done, sir. Mr. Hogan is on his way to secure the floor.”
He’s lost a few pounds. Steve doesn’t even want to imagine how bad his eating habits must have gotten while he was in hiding—
“Mh?” Tony says, distracted, after too many seconds, “did you say something?”
, Tony replies. Yes?
“No,” he says, trying to muster his most confident voice, “no, we… I want to finish now. Please. Please.” Tony wipes his face with the palm of his hand, sniffs, rubs his eyes. “Okay. I’m okay,” he lies.
“Wha—”
It’s a sea of green and yellow, a sea of sunshine and sky, and silence permeates it all.
Rhodey taps at a screen Steve can’t see, then turns to look at him. “Steve, you seem confused about this thing but… we’ve got a pretty busy schedule. So, long story short: Barnes here is gonna get a new arm made at Stark Industries, and then he’s gonna start working on his traumatic memories with the help of technology Tony developed. Hopefully that’ll help eliminate HYDRA’s programming from his brain. That’s it. Barnes wants to do it. And Doctor Sonani is gonna kill us if we don’t get to their lab in five minutes.”
Way of behaving and doing things, especially talking or moving.
Steve nods and gets up. Tony sits on the edge of the bed, tries to ignore the ache in his butt. He’s too old to fall asleep on the floor.
“Hey, you okay?”
“Maybe we should continue tomorrow,” Stella says, and Tony sees Steve nodding.
It splits Tony’s mind in two—Steve’s guilt.
“Yes. Maria and I would beg my uncle to get us scores of the latest pop songs when he went into the city, it was more fun than practicing with classical pieces.”
“Oh, wow. I’ll call the Pope in the morning. Ask if he can canonize you while you’re still alive.” He pauses. “Actually, no, the Pope’s awful, I don’t wanna talk to him.”
After a few minutes, Steve goes back to his drawing.
“You don’t look like you are.”
“I know what I said. Is it really so impossible to believe that I’ve changed my mind?”
He passes out and regains consciousness multiple times.
He reaches up with his arms to encircle Steve’s shoulders, balances himself on his tiptoes and guides Steve’s head into the crook of his neck.
Steve makes him stop. He pushes his hands down on Tony’s shoulders so their hips are locked together and his knot is slotted in its proper place inside Tony.
Steve gathers what’s in the clothes hamper with everything around the room that doesn’t meet his standards of cleanliness, and starts a washing machine cycle. With how warm it is outside it’s unlikely that anything they hang to the clotheslines in the backyard won’t be dry by the time they have to leave.
Steve sighs, shakes his head. Tony sees him thinking for a minute, reach a decision that causes a strangled noise to escape from his throat. “I’ll call... I’ll have someone take me to the airport tomorrow. I’ll... We’ll see each other back in New York. We’ll try again then, or... I’ll—
“You woke up!”
Goddammit. God
I never said anything. I never did anything.
Steve’s attempt at steadying his own breathing under the spray of the shower fails miserably, just like his effort not to think about the dream.
“No, actually, I think they’ve already fucked at least twice, which is honestly impressive and possibly unwise since Barnes got out of cryo, like, the day before yesterday, but what the fuck do I know.”
“You did what you thought was right. You changed when you felt you should. With the whole world watching, judging. That takes guts, Tony.”
He loses his patience. He’s at his last resort. The last attempt, the last test.
“We don’t always get what we want, Tony Stark.”
“Steve?”
That is simply unacceptable.
He looks up into Steve’s face, and he’s still sleeping, but Tony’s movements make him open his eyes.
“Signore, tu sei Iron Man vero?”
Steve’s heart hammers in his chest. Blood rushes through him, pounding in his ears, and he can’t see anything but Tony’s lips.
He tries to steer the conversation to lighter topics. He smirks.
across the street holding a plastic bag. He sits down next to Steve, rummages in the bag for a moment, then hands Steve a bundle of paper tissues.
He wishes he knew how to coax Tony out of this mild stupor, how to make his anxiety better, how to guide him back in control of his environment instead of simply doing it for him. In the end, having reached no useful conclusion, Steve opts for taking one of the fastest showers of his life, so he doesn’t leave Tony alone for too long.
So Tony does it. He thinks about it every day, but only once a day.
He doesn’t even know how he can possibly be in heat.
, is the second.
He stares into Tony’s eyes while he pushes in painstakingly slow, and stops when the crown of his dick catches at Tony’s rim. When he feels the ring of muscles’ initial resistance finally give in, he releases the breath he was holding, tries to follow his own advice and relax, calm down a bit, but–
“A song we never talked about. It first came out only a couple of years before she died. The lyrics are beautiful, and the music too, but the original singer’s voice is just amazing.
“Sure,” Steve replies, intrigued.
“Tony. No one’s perfect. No one’s asking you to be perfect.”
I think of him. The one I knew.
“Oh, I believe it will,” Steve says, and feels himself blush at his own innuendo.
“Well, you know how they say. Better late than ever.”
, and—
Tony turns to look at him, and softens his voice. “I do,” he says.
He kills them all. The King, the Knights. A beam of light from the Iron Man suit.
Steve is by his side, waiting for Tony to climb down the stairs. He hasn’t seen Sam waiting for them on the tarmac, leaning against Pepper’s car while he talks with her about who knows what.
“He said I was his greatest creation. Like I was a thing he had invented,” Tony says.
“No, Tony, I meant… I meant with some SHIELD doctor, not you.”
But his erections are good. They’re great. They’re firmer, longer, he reaches his orgasm way more easily than before, when he basically had to beg the guy to stay up long enough to get to the end. His refractory period is still, like, six hours, but he didn’t expect that to change. The cock cage has been a great help. It still makes him feel so
Steve falls asleep the moment the words leave his lips, so he doesn’t feel Tony’s tears on his forehead, and he doesn’t hear Tony whispering, “I thought you were going to be, for me. That day.”
“I can tie my own shoes too.”
But he just looks at Tony.
“Steve—”
Steve leaves the door open.
“Yeah. Maybe my memories got lost in that void. I don’t know, sweetheart.”
No thinking, just—
“But I hurt
It’s fun, the banter, playing like this with each other, with what happened, make it less terrible together. Knowing when to stop before it becomes too much.
. Not even a decent bed.
The cherry on top is the Alpha part of him loathing himself for wasting his own semen like this. Logic hits him, and he feels guilty on so many levels, because it doesn’t work like that, that’s not the goal of sex or knotting, that’s not the sole reason why he wants Tony by his side, and Tony couldn’t bear another child in any case. Tony doesn’t even want to… But even if he did... even if he did, they couldn’t have another child and that’s fine, it’s not Tony’s fault, it’s no one’s fault, he just wants…
“It’s only just started, more like it.”
The earth trembles underneath them.
“I’ll give you that.”
I kiss him.
They reach the oak tree, and Steve gathers the things they left there, shakes out the blanket and folds it. They head inside the guest house, and Tony sits at the kitchen table while he stares at his aspirin as it dissolves into a half empty glass of water.
“Pepper likes it too.”
“I remember what you like,” Steve replies, sounding a little more like himself, but his speech is still slurred. “Been thinkin’ ‘bout it for ten years.”
“And I wish I were someone else. I wish
“You tried to escape,” he says, bored. “You can’t. You’re mine. But that’s not why you’re here.”
and I would’ve ripped away my own heart to know what to say. I remember that in the end I managed to reply that it didn't matter, but I loved him for the both of us.
“Never thought that.”
“Yeah. But he’d go out there anyway. Keeping an eye on him, it’s all you can do. You’ll be there to help if he needs it, right?”
When he wakes up the next morning, Steve feels the satisfaction of a job well done and the conscious determination of a man who knows he still has a lot of work ahead of him, but is resolved to face it with tenacity and passion.
“You don’t want to–”
Tony’s presence, both physical and not, grounds Steve in reality.
This time, Tony says it back.
“Tony—”
“He… Remember that night when we talked about attacking the prisons where they keep Sam and Rhodey and Natasha? And we all agreed that it was too complicated, and that Osborn had explosives planted on every inmate, and that we had already lost too many people to risk losing even more? Better captured than dead, we said, remember?”
“I’m sorry, I need… I need some fresh air, sorry,” he mutters, and runs out of the front door.
“Even though the only thing that makes sense would be for him to have sex with his bondmate. And if he doesn’t… I think… Tony, I think this could kill him. I think Steve is dying.”
He never feels warm anymore.
“I don’t remember how I felt while he was falling. I was scared, I think, but I thought I’d catch him. I tried to. So that wasn’t the worst part. The worst part was when he hit the ground. The sound he made... I have nightmares about the sound he made.”
A part of his mind idly wonders why this is setting him off now. They have talked about Howard already. It’s not the first time, it’s not—
“You’re falling asleep.”
Tony quickly glances at him while he starts the car and drives off, and Steve nods. It’s a silent dialogue, something that sometimes they’re oddly capable of doing.
“I’m really sorry about that.”
“Did you just come so hard you passed out?” He asks, and he probably wants to sound angry, but it ends up being just concerned and kind of impressed.
“It was an accident, Sam. Rhodey knows that. He’s a good person, I’ve never seen him be unfair about anything.”
It’s him, the darkness. He’s the shadow.
He smiles to himself. Tony hasn’t seen that smile in forever.
“Wouldn’t put it past him,” he says smiling, while Steve chuckles and shakes his head.
“Oh, sweetpea. I love you too. Were you scared that Dad and I were away?”
“And I decided what to do.
“Are you implying that I’m immature?”
Tony reaches up with his hand. He’s trying to sit up.
“You didn’t do anything wrong, Steve, okay? It’s okay. Listen. I was surprised. I didn’t think that was something you wanted.”
So Tony thinks.
“I saw you talking to that man,” he says, and there’s something strange in the way he says
“Laughing? Who was laughing?”
And for the first time in his life Steve feels like there’s something underneath the earth, a thread, a fabric of the universe that holds all life together, that makes it all make sense, that fights against entropy tooth and nail.
Steve pushes Tony down on his knees, without asking, without caring. He unzips his pants and takes his hard cock out of his underwear, keeps Tony’s head still with a hand in his hair, and then thrusts past Tony’s already parted lips without even thinking.
“We slept here last night. With you,” Tony says eventually, voice calm and even but full of shame, too. “And we’ve been here pretty much the whole day. The doctor said… But it wasn’t just that, and—”
“I know, I know. You know how I get when I’m thinking,” he pauses, grimaces, “I didn’t mean the stuff I said. The bad thoughts just poke their heads out when I’m tired.”
“Are you still… Steve, you don’t need to hold back—”
When he exits the café, two plastic bottles tightly clutched in his hand, Steve sees it.
“No… where?” Steve lowers himself to level his gaze with Tony’s, and suddenly his head is just above Tony’s shoulder.
He keeps the toy still and pounds into it again and again, until he comes and his knot starts stretching the silicone. He has two hours stuck into this thing to look forward to now, and it would be tragicomic if it didn’t feel so utterly devastating.
“It’s complicated.”
“I know that, Tony. I know.”
“You said that. I didn’t realize… I don’t know why I didn’t make the connection. Didn’t expect it to be warm.”
Steve moved back to Brooklyn. He found a nice apartment close to Bucky and Nat’s.
Tony has tensed up, is pushing at Steve, wants to get up.
Steve talks to him one night, after waking Tony up from a nightmare that left him covered in cold sweat, thirsty, and with his heart racing in his chest. There are tears on his face, and Tony could swear they’re tears of joy.
Tony sobs, lets a tear roll down his face, musters up all the strength he has left in him, all his brainpower, and pushes out the words like it hurts to say them but he has to nonetheless, “Love you, too.”
Right. Sarah’s interest in the law. Jen Walters is her hero for more than one reason.
She falls asleep between them. Steve moves them all to Tony’s bed without a word. They sleep huddled close, the way they’re really supposed to for the first time ever.
“No more excuses, Tony,” Steve says.
“You did. You do.”
“How did he,” he begins to say, but his voice trips over the sentence. His mouth is dry. “They shot him. Osborn’s men, they shot him. How did he—”
It’s an implosion.
“If you ask me a question I’ll blink once for yes and twice for no.”
His sunglasses blink at him with a notification for an incoming call. It’s T'Challa. Right on time.
“Yeah,” Tony answers.
And Tony wants not to be selfish. But he’s in pain, and he needs this, even if he doesn’t deserve it, and he can’t do it for himself.
want it, Steve. Please.”
Steve slides a hand to the nape of Tony’s neck, strokes the short hair there and kisses him back.
“If you want to open it—”
Right. That’s why it felt familiar to Tony. Mom used to quote Dante sometimes. She knew many parts of the
If the crowd loves me, they’ll be even more thirsty for my blood. The most loved gladiators get brutally executed, and the screams of agony are drowned by the screams of joy and excitement. The people adore seeing their favorite warriors go to the slaughter. It’s enough to put every dream of glory or freedom in perspective.
Tony just nods.
Tony looks at the picture.
It was during the war, Steve remembers.
The man plays a game with him, almost every day—Tony can have food and water if he first drinks whatever alcoholic beverage is on the table. Tony never drinks it, no matter what it is, so he isn’t allowed a meal on most nights.
“Me too. I’m sorry too.”
“Sorry about that.”
The right side of his face is red with blood, from his hair—matted with it—down to his temple, his cheekbone, his jaw.
I look at his body, dead and bloody, still sitting on the throne. The mask has slipped away.
They didn’t say a word to each other the whole day.
“Got my straight razor.”
Almost two minutes later and Tony’s body doesn’t seem to have any intention of stopping with the shaking, Tony is silent but his breathing is ragged and he’s still hiding his face in Steve’s neck. Steve can’t really tell how much time has passed, but it must be at least ten minutes before Tony stops trembling, his dick has long since softened and slipped out of Steve by itself. Tony gets up, doesn’t look at Steve, says, “God, I need a shower,” with a fake smile on his face, and goes into the bathroom without another word.
“I thought... I thought I had to. Make him, make him okay. But I didn’t know... how. Where, where to start. I—”
“Of course.”
Steve drapes himself over Tony’s back, buries his head in the crook of Tony’s neck, nips at his shoulder, pins Tony’s wrists down on the bed. He rolls his hips, again and again, and Tony thinks,
“Steve knows about the reactor. And the scar.”
Now that he knows that Tony is in fact smaller than the last time they’ve done this, it’s easy to notice how. Just one of Steve’s fingers seems so big. He doesn’t know how he’ll manage to fuck him.
“There’s that red building, you see that?”
“You really think it makes a difference?”
Tony abandons it, and it wilts at the extremities, but nothing more.
“Why?”
Steve closes his eyes, quickly, and clenches his jaw. “You’re right, I’m sorry. I don’t know... I’m sorry.”
She came downstairs for dinner a few minutes late, sat down at the table, looked her father in the eye and said, “Va bene, babbo, lo sposo.”
“I know. With everything that happened… it’s not an excuse, but…”
He suddenly wonders if the rhythm of his thrusts is good to Tony, if he likes to be fucked the same way he likes to fuck, hard and fast and rough. Before Steve has time to decide and do something, Tony croaks, “M-more lube, please?” and Steve doesn’t need to be told twice: he palms at the mattress to retrieve the bottle, sits up, uncaps it, aims, squirts a good amount of lube right on his dick, and proceeds to fuck it right into Tony. Tony seems to be left speechless by Steve’s actions, but then he moans so loudly Steve wonders if someone is gonna hear them from the gym, three floors down, soundproofed walls be damned.
Steve tries to speak, but all that comes out of his mouth is an aborted shout.
“Steve—”
He switches the light on and looks at himself, but forces his eyes to avoid lingering on his chest.
Tony is silent for a minute. “Thank you for saying that.” He huffs out a breath, and the muscles around his heart distend into something that feels close to freedom.
This is too much. It’s becoming too much.
“But we should. We should.”
Steve has also found a tumblr post about how old age can make the prostate hypersensitive, so while growing old may result in less sensitivity for the penis, that is not the case for the prostate. Prostate stimulation can help with erections, which must occur at least daily to keep the penis in good shape.
, tries not be overwhelmed himself by all of this.
Tony doesn’t know how to describe it. It’s like he just got the wind knocked out of him the moment he was starting to cry. Tony really doesn’t know what to do.
His bones ache. He feels hot all over except there, at the deepest of himself. There, it’s like he’s in the ice again, frozen. It’s like someone is hitting him with a hammer and shattering his bones into pieces.
He exhales, frustrated. Damn, he’s out of practice, and Steve is right. He hasn’t boxed in a long while, preferring weight lifting, which is undeniably more useful for handling the suit. His reflexes are still sharp, his movements still quick and strong, thank you very much, but he knows he’s lost a great deal of elegance in his form over the years, and of course Captain America has to bitch about it. Tony doesn’t even like hitting the bag that much (he’d much rather have a real opponent); it was just the farthest spot from Steve in the gym.
The pen slips from his fingers.
Tony scoffs. “Showoff.”
Steve’s presence isn’t foreign. It feels like an old friend coming back from a long trip, and you think,
Steve brushes his fingers over Tony’s wrist, past the bracelet, under the sleeve, up and up to his aching shoulder. He rests his hand there for a moment, cool against the warmth of the bruise, and his eyes widen in question.
“I do, I… I do. I forgive myself. I love you, I love you, I love you.”
Steve takes Tony’s hand in his own, stares at their fingers.
“Everything that’s happened, Tony, to me, to you—it made me think. Really think. About who I am. And what I really want. How I really want to spend my life and…”
“It’s alright.”
Tony walks up to Steve, goes on his tiptoes so he can kiss him, takes his time, goes as deep as he can, presses his clothed body to Steve’s skin. When he pulls away, he lowers his head, looks at Steve’s chest, caresses it with his hand. He looks thoughtful, but Steve can’t say what he’s thinking about.
“Something more specific?”
Steve wraps his arms around Tony, hugs him close but not too tight, he’s so very careful. Tony feels Steve’s warm hands on his back, how big they are. How tall Steve is. Tony reaches up, hooks his fingers in the collar of Steve’s sweater.
Tony’s eyes roll.
The bruise on his chest is massive. It takes up half his body for weeks. It aches, but it’s nothing compared to what Steve’s absence does to him.
“No, wait,” he whispers, “I need to talk to you.”
Tony finishes his whiskey.
His chest. The scar. His chest, his chest, his chest—Steve stares at Tony’s chest and he really needs to stop staring at Tony’s chest right the fuck now.
It’s a very little river, shallow, and only a few feet in width. Tony can’t see any fish in it, even though the water is so clear he could count each of the black pebbles at the bottom of the riverbed. Some of the bigger stones, gray and white, create a little waterfall, and listening to the rush of the water, lazy and eternal, fills Tony with a peculiar sort of peace.
With that, Steve is awake.
But I gotta say this.
, Tony thinks.
“I asked
That makes no sense. That’s impossible, that’s not how life works. Hell, that’s not how
“Sit on my face first,” he hears himself say, and fuck yes he wants that.
That’s an interesting thought.
“You know,” Steve says when they’re almost finished eating, “sometimes I feel like… like they just throw us away when they’re done with us. And it doesn’t matter if we don’t know why we should get up in the morning anymore.”
“I wish I could’ve given her more, back then. If she’d lived to see me get the serum, I would’ve sent her money, I don’t know… She hated wars.”
“Tony.”
“Okay,” Tony says, and sighs. He’s very excited about this. A bit nervous, but definitely thrilled. He likes the idea so much. He knows it’s impractical and it can be really dangerous, but… he loves it.
Steve interrupts himself, shuts his own mouth as fast as he can, but the damage is done. It’s like every time he’s called Tony
Tony laughs, cups his hands in the water stream and washes his face. It’s not refreshing, but it’s clean water, and it takes away the sweat and the fatigue of having his emotions always so close to the surface.
“We could sit outside for a bit. Maybe?”
“I can. It’s not that I can’t. It’s just not as easy. Or as fast. I kinda stay very tight. I felt so full while you were inside me, I couldn’t even…”
He remembers the quiet, the stillness of those first weeks. Everything felt like it was happening to someone else, as though Steve was just watching a movie, waiting for someone to laugh at the joke and snap him out of it. Everything felt so unreal, like a blanket of dust had settled over reality and made it all gray and muted. Sounds and colors weren’t the same as before.
But maybe it will be different if they actually do it, Tony muses, since in reality there would be other senses at play than just sight. He could feel the timbre of Steve’s voice while he murmurs sweet nothings in his ear, and Tony’s nostrils would fill with the scent of his skin. He could taste his saliva, the way it would mingle with his own on his tongue while they kiss, and Tony never let the man kiss him.
“But the book doesn’t mention a necklace.”
“So.”
She never wanted to waste time. “Who cares,” she used to say, “no one’s gonna see us. It’s just going to be you and me,” and Tony felt so special, like he was being trusted with some unprecedented secret. Jarvis would come back to take them home at dawn. When Tony got older he’d drive the car. Mom always preferred to avoid it.
“Where were you?”
Tony, instead, fights his own with everything he’s got. Pretends to be someone else.
“What?”
It’s the cold.
Steve pockets his phone. “I’m sorry. I’m an idiot. I’m sorry.”
But that doesn’t explain what’s happening.
“Tony, I’m—”
. He has three new emails from Pepper; one of them is personal. He replies to all of them.
, and good God Steve still gets goosebumps thinking about that time.
Bucky mutters, “What the fuck is happening,” while Nat shakes her head as if to say,
carved on it, the incision fading the more Tony uses it.
“You can’t promise that.”
He’s warm.
“Yeah. No problem.”
It’s the first time they touched in six years.
“Oh my
“Okay, go slow in the beginning. Then you can pick up the pace. I’ll squeeze your thigh or something. If something’s wrong I’ll, uh… I’ll pinch you.”
But he can’t.
,” Steve buries his face in Tony’s neck, and he’s surprised that Tony lets him.
There!
Steve looks at him, as if he’s expecting help from Tony, as if Tony can finish his sentence for him.
Steve decides that he’s bold enough to ask, and he does.
“It wasn’t just for you, okay? I have a company to run, I had to deal with… I didn’t want anyone to know as soon as…”
“Yeah, yeah,” Tony says, with a dismissive tone. Not okay, then.
It’s the most beautiful thing Steve has ever heard. Suddenly, the ringing in his head disappears to make space for this, the best sound in the world: Tony’s voice. It wasn’t fading from Steve’s memory; the serum doesn’t really let him forget things, but Steve had been scared that for some reason it would slip away from his grasp and now… now he doesn’t have to worry about that anymore.
“I’m sorry. Let’s… let’s cool down for a minute, alright?”
“I remember you coming in here. Telling me I had your permission to—” a sob cuts him off, but he sighs and continues. “Then I got my knot in you and I’m jacking you off on the floor. I have no idea what happened in between.”
“It’s important.”
“St– Steve,” Tony grunts, and just like before Steve feels like Tony’s making a huge effort to drive those words out, but he’s still hell-bent on doing it. His Iron Man, through and through.
“Worse,” Stella says, and Tony changes the channel to a cooking show.
“He... he felt like it was too dangerous for him to keep being around so he... he went back into cryo. He’s in Wakanda.” Steve’s voice is full of guilt as he confirms what Tony already knows.
Tony shakes his head, serious. He takes the last cherry between his forefinger and thumb, holds it up to Steve’s face. “Open your mouth,” he says, and it almost gets lost in the wind.
“Thank you, J.”
“Hey, hey, I’m sorry,” Tony hurries to say, “listen, we can just go—”
to Tony, and talked with Mom while Tony was playing on the carpet.
Or maybe, Tony thinks while he looks at the endless vastness of space stretching in front of him, maybe they won’t have to make any announcement at all.
This part of his mind is rational and cold, precise like a bullet, and so far away from the bond that links him to Steve.
Because now the bond is there, starting to flourish again. So it’s even more unnatural that he can’t have his mate.
“Be lighter on your feet, sweetheart.”
“You’ve got me,” Tony says, and he knows he’s going to get more than he bargained for.
“Why’d you stop?” Tony says, and it takes Steve’s mind away from his train of thought.
Tony searches his face for any sign of wavering resolve, but finds none.
“I haven’t really slept since we went to Stella. Only a few hours, but I always have these strange dreams, and… and with all that’s happened, I just… I just want to sleep for, like, five hours straight. I’d settle for four. But I, I can’t… Steve.”
“Oh, right. I almost forgot. What do you think?”
Holy shit.
“Thank you.”
The man.
“What kind of problem, J?”
He can’t keep his hands steady.
“Last time was in Wakanda, right after you fought, and… it was awful without you there. He was so aggressive. Barely himself.”
“What just happened?”
, and that’s enough.
“Tony, I… Wait, wait, Tony, I, wait, I can’t,” Steve says.
But this one time, right before the mission to retrieve Loki’s scepter from the HYDRA base in Sokovia, Steve came down to the workshop to ask Tony something about their equipment, and he caught Tony talking to JARVIS while looking up at the ceiling. They laughed about it for half an hour, and it wasn’t even that funny.
“And no grand romantic gestures where you drop everything else to come save me.”
“The bond?”
That night, while he keeps tossing and turning in his bed counting sheep, Steve realizes that he not only has never kissed Tony, but he has also never touched his dick.
“You’re a weird Alpha, Steve Rogers.”
“Or at all.”
“Tony, what you did—”
“Concussed?”
Afterwards, it’s not awkward. Tony makes a small joke, helps Steve up. Steve heads for the gym showers and Tony for the elevator. In the following days nothing really changes between them, maybe they’re a bit more polite than usual, but they’re normal, really. And if Steve goes tense every time Tony enters a room, it’s no one’s business but his own, okay? Okay.
He’s never been more sure of how he would’ve reacted if Steve had told him the truth right away, while they were sitting together somewhere safe, with a cup of coffee maybe, with Steve’s calm voice explaining it all to him.
“Why do you have that?” Tony asks again.
Loud noises scare him. He jumps in his seat whenever an open window makes a door slam by mistake. But it’s not a problem when he’s in the field. When he’s Iron Man, he’s free.
Tony gets out of bed just before dawn, while Steve is still asleep.
Feeling Steve this close, feeling him inside makes Tony’s head dizzy. It’s standing on the edge of a parapet and watching the tip of his shoe go over it a little, only void underneath it, his tie flapping on his chest because of the wind. Steve is the vertigo at the door of his stomach, the itch at the back of Tony’s neck that says,
The blocks of Steve’s personality shift into his head. He squeezes his eyes shut, and then opens them again, trying to clear his thoughts to make room for the one thing he needs to focus on right now.
There’s something terrifying darkening Steve’s face. He looks hopeless, miserable, bone-deep tired.
It’s nothing like Steve’s ragged, hard gulps of gelid air, in the perennial winter of a HYDRA base that was as far from home as they could possibly be.
He doesn’t want to hurt Tony, but he feels like it’s inevitable. Necessary, even.
Tony smiles, bittersweet, encouraging Steve to continue.
Tony can’t think of a single thing worth saying right now.
He goes into the bathroom to clean up before wearing an old pair of sweatpants and tiptoeing downstairs, into the kitchen. He sets a few things on a tray. Juice, bread, jam, cookies, chips. A few protein bars. Water.
“It’s just this thing with the bond, I think,” he says, but Tony’s face is still full of concern. For the rest, though, Tony seems perfectly fine, even better than usual.
. A friend.
“Yes, as much as possible. And we play on the bed. I tickle her toes when I change her.”
He places the little plastic bag with the Tupperware container next to their bags in the hall.
Tony lets Steve take his hand and guide him to the bed, falls on top of him and presses his hips into Steve, like he did that first time, and yet not at all like that first time. Steve groans, deep in his chest, and reaches into his nightstand for the bottle of lube he keeps there, in the first drawer. Steve passes the bottle to Tony, who takes it uncertainly, stares at it, sits up, then pushes it back into Steve’s hand.
About a couple of yards in front of them, on a little hill, there’s a monastery. On the right, not much further away, there are the ruins of a medieval church. A side trail starting out from the one they came from leads straight to it. It really looks beautiful against the blue sky. There’s not a cloud in sight.
“Yeah. But I think about her, and… she’s a happy kid. She is. She’s healthy, she—”
They’re men.
“She likes to work out in them.”
The sharp cuts framing his lower abs in a V. His flat stomach. His thighs, the muscles rippling with the way he’s riding Tony. His cock, hard and beautiful, the head almost purple with arousal. His pretty blond hair falling over his forehead when he lowers his gaze to stare into Tony’s eyes for a moment, before closing them and picking up the pace.
Steve makes it. It’s his mother’s old recipe.
Steve pushes Tony’s hair away with his fingers, and presses a long kiss on Tony’s forehead, a soft brush of kind, wet lips, coupled with the rough scratch of his beard.
His eyes are
“No.”
Tony insists Steve tells him if he wants something else. At first Steve says he’s okay like this, but after a while he asks, somewhat sheepishly, for two or three raw eggs in a glass.
He’s pumping his cock hard and fast now; he’s about to come. Steve can’t wait.
“I made everyone leave?”
There was a woman with a green dress. She said
Like the past.
Tony goes on. “I couldn’t let that happen without…” He sighs. “But I mean, there’s also a small possibility that this whole mess is just a result of the intersection between the space-time continuum and the multiverse, and we—”
When Steve wakes up, the sun is just coming up, and his bed is empty.
“The shop’s still there?”
Steve dips his head to his chest. He’s still holding onto Tony, and Tony—
“Tony—”
“I’m sorry I hid the reactor and the scar from you.”
“It’s called stress cardiomyopathy, or broken heart syndrome. Happens after traumatic events. Bad news, it felt like a fucking heart attack. Good news, it wasn’t.”
“It’s on the both of us. We should’ve checked in with a doctor and ask what to expect, instead of just doing it on our own.”
Steve feels the hand in his hair move, scratching softly at his scalp.
Well. Might not be the worst way to go.
“Well, not even your outrageously expensive soap can hide how much you smell of coconut.”
Steve kneels on the bed next to him, and strokes his back, the scratches he put there—they sting a bit, in the best way. He bends down to lick them, and Tony doesn’t know which is better, the sweep of Steve’s tongue or the scrape of his beard on his skin.
“What?”
The air leaves Steve’s lungs again.
“I don’t know,” Tony says.
James makes a fire. It’s winter again. I’ve been here for a year.
Steve grabs the bottle of lube on the bed, squirts a good amount on his fingers again. He pushes into Tony, opening him up with more decision. Tony keeps shuddering, but now there’s a goofy smile on his face. He has gone soft, and Steve lowers his head to suck a drop of come away from the tip of his dick.
But, god, Tony’s so tight.
“Tony, please answer me,” Steve says, his voice trembling with urgency, “If you don’t, I’ll have to come in.”
“Because we don’t want another murderous artificial intelligence deciding it wants to wipe away humanity, yes—”
“It’s… it’s bad.”
Steve whines, whimpers. It’s pitiful, he looks like he’s in pain. Tony feels come gush out of him with every thrust, hears it making a squelching noise that is straight up pornographic, and he realizes exactly what it is that has reduced Steve to this state.
“We do,” Steve protests, and the front of Tony’s jeans falls apart between his fingers. “Sorry,” he says, and Tony looks almost offended by that. That Steve isn’t just ripping everything away, making this quick and efficient and not allowing Tony too much time to think about it. About the consequences, about what this
“I’ll let you rest.”
“You were just a boy.”
behind the Duomo. He scrutinizes all the ties carefully exposed in the window.
Tony sniffs. “It’s, it’s nothing, I’m, it’s stupid, I just... she looks very happy here. I don’t think I’ve ever seen her so happy.”
“How do you know—”
Yeah. Steve knows how it goes.
“He gave me and Nat an ultimatum. He wanted to bring you and Barnes in, said he’d put Special Ops on it. Threatened to… So I said I’d take you in. I tried to tell you, at the airport. He wanted to kill you and I… I almost had a heart attack when he said that.” He laughs, caustic. “He said I couldn’t, uh, be objective about it. You couldn’t either.” He sighs. “You wanted to protect him. I wanted to protect you.”
but without looking at me.
The only thought he has is that he loves Tony. Always, forever.
“I can’t.”
“That doesn’t mean I’m not angry with you. I am.”
“I put everything on this thing, on the Avengers… and I didn’t even want to be part of it at first, when Fury told me. Then Natasha’s report said that I
With a spoon, he adjusts the herbs inside the fish, then places the slices of lemon over their sides.
to do it.”
“Let me do this alone,” Tony says, in a whisper only Steve can hear.
“It’s okay, Buck.”
“For her, for her,” Steve says. “But I figured, since she’s your kid and everything... she’s gonna like whales too.”
“Please, Steve, just don’t hurt yourself. Please.”
He’s never been good with things of the past.
Tony swallows, but it’s a lot, and it catches behind his tongue and—
Child’s play. Nothing to write home about.
When he feels close, Steve draws out once more. He stares at Tony, touches his face to make him open his eyes. Tony tries, but it’s difficult. “I really want you to keep your eyes open, Avenger,” Steve demands, and Tony steels himself, breathes deeply, opens his eyes, meets Steve’s.
“Hey. You can sleep if you want. I’ll take care of everything.”
It’s tiring work. It requires a painstaking level of attention that Tony, admittedly, doesn’t always have the patience for. He wants to do it, but it always leaves him feeling exposed and nervous, a human live wire ready to crackle and snap at the first occasion. Steve is irritated but eager; he keeps his cool better than Tony and helps him focus on the ultimate goal of this effort when Tony feels like giving up.
Suddenly, she looks up at him and says, “Do you want to listen to a song?” and Steve makes the mistake of replying with a “Yes,” so he spends the next five minutes listening to Sarah sing an absurd song about a cat named Fred who only has one eye. It’s ridiculous and makes no sense and it’s the best song Steve has ever heard in his entire life. Sarah laughs so much that she has tears in her eyes when Tony enters the room.
“Yeah. Please.”
Tony works on his tablet for a while, but Steve seems to be content just staring into the distance, with nothing to occupy his mind except his own thoughts.
His love for Tony is nothing like that. His love for Tony keeps changing and growing and taking different shapes in his mind; it’s been coming and going in waves, perfectly timed with Steve first realizing that he was falling for someone else, with his faltering acceptance that he wasn’t betraying Peggy, that it was okay to love a man, that he wouldn’t need to keep it secret if he ever had a relationship with him.
But there’s a part of Tony’s mind that never stops thinking. There’s a part of him that never stops with the self-sabotage, with the manipulation. You do it for half your life, it becomes a habit. Habits are hard to kill, old ones especially.
, Steve thinks.
“You’re a good person, Steve. Aunt Peggy always said you were, she’d tell me all kinds of stories about you, but... it’s not about Captain America, you know. It’s about you.”
“It doesn’t feel the same. I fall asleep, but I wake up too soon. Something pushes me awake.”
“Yeah, yeah, of course. Of course I forgive you.”
“It’s the only thing I’ve got left of him, you know.”
Steve sits next to him, rests his hand on the nape of Tony’s neck. He squeezes for a moment, and Tony’s mouth goes slack because of it, a shaky groan escapes him. He wants more, and knows he shouldn’t.
The sketch—done with a blue pen—shows Tony in his workshop, holographic screens dancing all around him. He has a big smile on his face, the skin at the sides of his eyes crinkled with joy. He’s looking up, at the ceiling, and there’s a little bubble next to his mouth that says, “J?”
Tony knows he shouldn’t yell, but he—
Good morning. Are you going out?
, so Steve keeps going and going and going until all he can see is white.
Tony struggles to wake up.
Tony looks at him and presses the button to make the doors close. Pity he doesn’t have an actual door to slam in his face.
“Then I’ll be with you.”
“You could sue him. Ask for emotional damages. Works like a charm,” Steve says.
Steve wipes the tears from his face. What would she say if she could see him now, strong and big and healthy, but sad and hopeless and consumed by guilt and so desperately in love with someone that maybe will never want him back.
With clever hands, Tony unbuckles Steve’s belt, opens his pants, and drags them down to his thighs together with his stained underwear. He starts licking at him, cleaning up the results of his pleasure from his groin. Steve is harder than before. Tony swallows him too, drinks his second orgasm when it hits him a few minutes later. Steve can’t keep his eyes open, his head is spinning, there’s Tony there, in front of him, there’s only Tony in the whole world.
“Yeah.”
That’s all Tony’s good at—hurting Steve.
hiding, Riri Williams. How dare you.”
“We are going to be,” Steve says, his tone soothing while he hugs Sarah tighter. “I promise you. Do you trust me? Do you trust us?”
Tony hastens to find a t-shirt. With the corner of his eye he sees Bucky look at Steve, and mouth something at him. Steve nods.
angry. Its makes me—”
Tony points in the distance.
Tony looks at him, smiles back, and Steve knows he doesn’t need to explain anything.
Steve kisses Tony’s neck, slowly, as delicately as he can, his lips barely pressing at all over Tony’s skin. He works his way up over Tony’s jaw, his cheek, his ear, his temple, his forehead. Tony is like a puppet under Steve’s mouth, the only sign of acknowledgment comes from his barely-there breathing, the air still between his parted lips.
Steve can’t sleep, so he holds Tony close to his chest and protects him from invisible monsters, trying not to wonder if he’s one of them.
“Okay,” Steve echoes.
“I’m losing control. Nat… promise me you’ll keep him safe. Restrain me, knock me out, anything.”
There’s no answer, only the muffled sounds Tony makes while crying, that no one but Steve could pick up from behind a closed door.
The spaceship’s engines provide a background noise that I’m no longer familiar with, but I’m grateful for it nevertheless. It drowns out my thoughts.
“We didn’t know. Steve… he had no idea you were pregnant.”
Tony breathes through his nose and he has to squeeze his own dick so he doesn’t come immediately.
It’s strange. It brings strange thoughts to Steve’s mind.
While Tony fills the dishwasher, Steve asks if he can go for a run.
He smiles at Steve.
“Please,” Steve says, begging, and Tony doesn’t get it, he doesn't need to beg. He’s gonna have him. “Please don’t do it,” he continues, and something shatters behind his eyes, but his voice is surprisingly steady now. “If you care about me at all, don’t do it, Tony. I’ll do anything you want, you’ll never see me again if that’s your wish, but please. Don’t destroy me like this.” He squeezes his eyes shut. “Don’t do this to me.”
I look at the window, the blue sky.
“I’m sensing a but.”
“You okay?”
She has at least two weeks to go for an actual social smile.
“Where.” If Steve were a better man, he would’ve made it sound like an actual question. As far as he’s concerned, the fact that he doesn’t pull at his cuffs is already a win.
“What about how you destroyed me, though? That’s alright, huh? I don’t get anything for that.” Tony says. His voice tastes like poison, like purple, and his left arm starts prickling with the phantom pinch of a thousand needles. “I’m not even worth a pity fuck.”
“Mh-mh.”
The first thing Steve sees turning the corner of the street that leads into the square is a big, rectangular space, delimited by old buildings on all sides. There are pots of flowers at the windows and trees visible from behind a courtyard wall. There’s a little church in a corner, and a portico on the opposite side of the square.
Steve opens his eyes and sees him. He doesn’t react for a moment, careful to keep his movements fluid so as not to wake his daughter up. Careful, considerate. He’s such a good father.
They put the crates in the trunk of Stella’s car, so she can take them to her friend tomorrow. Tony spots her on the steps outside the front door.
“Yeah. Very much. That’s true. But the reason why you did it—did you do it to hurt me? I don’t think so, right?”
They stay close and still for a long time, until Steve’s cock softens and slips out of Tony allowing Steve’s come to trickle out.
And then talking with Tony one last time, hearing the sound of his voice. Closing his eyes and just listening to him ramble about his most recent project, or something funny Sarah told him, or the latest bullshit from the board of directors.
His voice. Now that I’ve heard more of it, I recognize it.
“I really, really, wanted to do this alone, though.”
, a voice says, booming against the stones, echoing through the cave in waves of sound that rattle Tony’s bones. It’s all wrong, low and mean, it takes the shade of an ugly purple in Tony’s mind.
“Be happy, Mom,” he whispers in the cold wind.
He lets it all out, sobs and cries and struggles to breathe. His pillow is wet.
He stops to look at a bird flying low and then perching itself on one of the cypresses. He takes a picture of it with his phone. Tony doesn’t realize he stopped, or maybe he does but he’s leaving him to his own interests. Steve watches him walk away.
He looks at the time, but he hasn’t been gone for long. He doesn’t really feel like running, so he fishes out his sketchbook and his black marker from his pocket, and draws for a while.
“Please. Please, tell me. I can’t... I’m sorry.”
Tony wakes up.
“Aren’t you in a rut?”
They break his left wrist, and four fingers in his right hand.
“What’s going on, just—”
He can’t drink, though.
And it wasn’t a huge revelation in itself, Steve knew already, had always known, but had ignored it up to that moment, and then a minute later he wasn’t ignoring it anymore, and he was thinking it, he was thinking it with words, saying it with the voice of his mind.
Tony’s birthday feels like a new beginning in so many ways. Steve is back from his worst nightmare, Tony is back from his coma. They’re rebuilding the team.
He groans, but it’s nothing compared to the sound that comes out of Tony when the head of Steve’s dick makes its way past the first ring of muscle. It’s a whimper, coming from the deepest recess of his body, and it screams at Steve not to stop, so he keeps going.
“So we’re just giving up?”
Even though Tony was in love with him.
Tony sits on the bed, notices that Steve is eyeing it with an odd expression on his face, probably resigning himself to the fact that he will have to sleep on the floor, in the end.
Steve’s tongue, hot and wet, sweeping against Tony’s, his teeth catching on Tony’s bottom lip. The taste of roses, the scent of blue—all of Tony’s senses warping around all of Steve.
But he doesn’t feel trapped. It’s a different feeling. Not protected, exactly, not really safe, but…
“Daa,” she says, while Steve scrambles to his feet and almost trips over Maria’s toys strewn all over the carpet.
He knows he shouldn’t. Everyone says it’s bad for you now; it’s not like during the war. You can get cancer from this stuff. Maybe not Steve specifically, but still.
Tony feels a tear fall on his thumb, and realizes his vision has gone blurry. He lifts his gaze to find Steve and Stella staring at him.
He looks beautiful in the warm light that pours into the bathroom from the window, against the turquoise tiles. The late-afternoon sunshine sparkles in his eyes, its yellow hue blending with the cold, white-blue beam of the reactor.
“It’s... no. I don’t know. Doesn’t have to be. You can see it however you want.”
“You too, Mr. Stark.”
He pokes at his last thought for a moment and he’s not sure it’s his thought and not Steve’s. It feels too kind and amazed to be something Tony thought about himself, but he doesn’t really know. There’s so much going on.
Tony chokes on his own blood.
He shakes his head. He was hoping mentioning Tony hadn’t rattled Riri, but for sure it rattled Steve. He forces himself to focus on something else.
A few months pass and Tony has a new suit of armor. He’s part of a new team with an old name and they even get a new base in a mountain, of all things.
The quinjet is quiet in the dead of night.
“Fuck you, Steve!” Tony shouts in his face, and scrambles to get up from the bed. He grabs his pillow.
friends, Tony. Of course we were. It wasn’t always perfect but... I cared about you. I still do. I wouldn’t be here if I didn’t.”
“I’m so sorry. I wish there was another way. If Bruce were here, maybe we could’ve found a way to sedate him… I don’t know.”
“I know why you do it. No need to explain,” Tony says, and Steve sinks a bit more into the couch. “But I would like to try something, and I want you to know that I don’t think I can take your rejection right now. So, since I’m… since I feel even more strongly than usual about explicit consent, for some, uh, for some reason, I…” he can’t quite joke about it yet, okay, noted, “I want you to tell me if you don’t want it. Now. Before I do anything… anything unseemly, or, or, well. Untoward.”
Tony seems to read his mind. Tony always seems to read his mind, except when he doesn’t, and they crash and burn and explode and bring the whole world down with them.
“You know what? You kinda have a point.”
Steve doesn’t reply.
“I love you, Tony. I just told you I dream of us being married. You don’t have to reciprocate, but I’m not gonna stand here and lie to you saying I wouldn’t be heartbroken if this ends with us being only friends. But if that’s all I’m ever gonna get, then I’ll take it over nothing every single time.”
“Smells good,” he says.
Maybe there are places where it was better. Where Tony said the right thing at the right time and Steve’s heartbeat slowed down, and the rage ebbed away. Where Steve didn’t keep making that disgusted face every time Tony tried to explain his position to him. Where they could sit down and talk, without being pulled in a thousands different directions.
again and the only thing he can do is suck Tony off until he feels the familiar thick liquid flood his mouth, the comforting bitter taste on his tongue, the warmth of it make its way down his throat.
When he sees Tony, his pupils dilate, and his gaze travels from Tony’s shoulders to his narrow hips, to his naked forearms, and then up again to the exposed hollow of his throat.
“Then don’t.”
Tony shifts, kneels on the bed too, while Steve’s hand falls away, while the moment blends into something somber. Tony’s flirty, playful look from before has vanished.
He rolls over to face Steve. He’s still awake. He has a frown on his face; he looks like someone who is rethinking the entire last day and trying to make his peace with it.
He meant well. He tried to do the best he could. But that week, that fucking week was so fucking awful and there was no time and no calm and no quiet—and he turned to look at Tony, he turned while Ross was talking so he could look into Tony’s eyes, and he was
It’s not like Steve can think that it’s about him, anyway.
They rest in the park for a while after lunch, while Steve draws and Tony talks about everything and anything that crosses his mind: new projects, old and half-forgotten ideas he could implement in a different way, this paper he read recently, how he figured out that one issue with the armor that he mentioned to Steve before everything went to absolute shit. Steve seems to barely listen to him, but then he asks a couple of pointed questions, proving he’s actually paying close attention to Tony’s chatter.
There he is, the golden avenger to the rescue, always ready to catch Steve when he falls, whether it is from a high building or in a dark pool of self-doubt and fear. Steve strokes Tony’s hair, kisses him again, a way to say
“I know. I’m not asking anything. Just—”
But none of that comes.
“I’ll try and find out when.”
“It wasn’t his fault, I know that now,” Tony whispers against Steve’s skin. “But what they made him do, it’s not your fault either. You can... you can let this go, Steve.”
“You’re so different,” Tony says, whispering now, knowing that Steve can hear him perfectly well.
“I didn’t want to kill you. I never wanted to kill you.”
“Yeah,” Tony replies with a clouded smile.
He washes his hands, which is no small feat in his current condition, and goes in the kitchen.
A beat. Then, “Why are you here? What do you want from this? For real.”
Tony’s shoulders sag in defeat while he’s touching his dick as though there’s something wrong with it. There’s blood on his fingers.
Steve’s legs are going to give up on him any second now. With shaky movements, he pulls up a chair and sits down on it. He feels like he weighs a ton.
But maybe, just maybe, just for once—
He can accept that. He needs to.
He throws the covers away from the bed and pulls me forward, lining me up with the edge. His hands are cold. He enters me dry.
“And have you?”
, but Tony is already sinking down on him without displaying any sign that he thought about preparing himself at all.
“Ah– faster,” Tony says, so the answer to Steve’s question is:
He exercises when he can, and he eats. He doesn’t feel very hungry when it’s time for dinner, but he always eats, especially when the team is together.
“You are. You’re more than enough. I’m here with you. I’m not leaving.”
“Careful, or I won’t give you the tie I got you.”
“It’s alright,” Steve says. “No more of it. No more punishment. Only… only us.”
That does it.
The shape of Tony’s body against the moonlight coming in through the French window destroys something inside Steve; it’s heartbreaking and exquisite, terrifying and wonderful. An explosion, the controlled demolition of an abandoned building. It collapses on itself and brings an uncanny satisfaction with it.
“Yeah. What does it feel like for you?”
“What other issue should I have?”
“I want to. I want to. I haven’t changed my mind. It’s just–”
if they behave.
“And T’Challa just dumped him in your car?”
“I’m sorry, Tony. For what happened, I—”
He comes up to break the surface of the river, and sees Tony in the distance. He hears him mutter a soft
Tony has no idea what he wants to say. Steve keeps looking at him. Then, he squints, and tilts his head to the side, as though some weird thought has occurred to him, and he’s trying to reason his way out of it.
He wobbles on his feet, and Steve is there in a second, guiding him to sit on the stone bench at the other end of the shower stall.
in his ear every night while Tony moans and—
Sam is one of the very few people Steve has genuinely bonded with after coming out of the ice, and being separated now must be awful. Steve doesn’t love easily, but when he does, he loves hard and viscerally.
“Crazy and irresponsible and possibly cause me five thousands different health issues and turn me into a murder cyborg given my track record?”
Inside the cave, instead, the temperature is just right. Maybe it’s a bit too humid, but Tony has his suit on, so it doesn’t bother him all that much.
He has two pairs of these shoes, same style, except one is light gray, and the other bright red. They’re both size 7, which is weird. Steve thought Tony wore size 9. Must be the brand messing up.
She won’t stop crying.
, Steve can’t help but think. Bright, clever, traveling at the speed of light to places Steve could never hope to reach. But sometimes—
Now, Steve watches Tony’s full biceps, the dark hair under his armpits, the curve of his shoulders. Steve’s bite is still there, impressed on Tony’s skin despite how old it is. The tank top covers a portion of it, but Steve looks at those tiny pink dots and can find only one desire in his heart: to sink his teeth there once again, to taste Tony’s blood on his tongue, to feel his mind split open with the rush of emotions traveling through the bond.
Steve stays on the ground, keeps the ladder steady for Tony, distributes the fruit in the baskets, passes him the scissors when he needs them.
Almost two years pass without Tony realizing.
“I’d listen to these songs, all my life, and they’d remind me of someone I met, something that happened to me, a moment of my life. But they weren’t written for me. Someone wrote them in response to someone or something in
were someone else.”
Tony reaches up with his hands, and Steve hunches down to let Tony comb his fingers through the strands. Tony is concentrated on his task, and Steve tries not to stare at his lips while he can’t notice. Or close his eyes and bask in the sensation of Tony touching him so intimately. Maybe this is as intimate as they’re ever going to be.
Tony forces himself to obey.
Tony swallows, and hooks his forefinger with Steve’s. “Alright,” he whispers.
“St—”
“I was thinking we could go to Siena.”
“I wasn’t! I was sitting on the bed! I’m sorry. I’m so sorry… Ah, fuck—” Steve squeezes his eyes shut and visibly tries to breathe through the pain, swallows his panic down.
Have you ever listened to it? I assume you have, it was at Sanremo. The melody is full and strong, Martini's voice has an unique power, but the lyrics are maybe the most beautiful part. Please, listen to it if you haven't already. It reminds me so much of our summers, when he watched the stars.
Steve exits the shower stall, dries off, walks back to the bedroom to dress while the scent of coffee wafts through the room. He throws his dirty sleep clothes in the washing machine and starts the program.
Still, Steve’s distress is so acute that his knot shrinks and he’s able to pull out of Tony earlier than expected.
“I’m not enough.”
But why does it have to end badly? Tony’s track record. Steve and Tony’s track record. Previous experiences. Tony’s no good at relationships; Steve’s never been in one.
And Steve can only marvel at how easy it is to love Tony now that he knows he’s loved back: before, everything felt confusing, and complicated, and impossible, but now, this seems like the most effortless thing to do.
“I like this too. More than—”
They stop by a couple more shops. Steve buys a decorated ceramic plate for Sam and a print of the city skyline painted by a local artist for Natasha. Tony, instead, sends a package of local food products to the compound. The staff will store it properly until Rhodey gets back home.
“What about changing position?” he asks, voice hoarse and low.
“Low blow.”
“Such a pity, though” says one of them, the one who likes to do me last. “Wish I could keep you.” He licks my cheek.
“Hey, baby,” Steve says, pulling her close to himself and Tony, almost crushing her a bit under them, shielding her from everything that could possibly hurt her.
Tony squeezes at the bulge in Steve’s pants, and Steve comes. Tony swallows his shout.
“And if you decide that you can’t… forgive what I did, I’ll understand. I’ll accept it and leave you alone. But until then, I’ll fight tooth and nail for you.”
Which is just. So stupid.
Tony denied Steve his own family.
Tony can only feel his bones cracking. He won’t die for lack of air; something else will kill him first.
“Remember when you... when you came to the workshop, and sat there drawing while I worked. I liked that. It’s happened, what, four or five times, maybe, but I liked it. Made me feel less alone.”
“What is it? What do you need?”
He swallows, because he can still feel Steve’s presence behind him, the even rhythm of his breathing, his searching gaze. Curious, but not invasive.
Tony closes his eyes for a moment, defeated. He licks his lips then, shakes his head. “Steve—” he starts.
The bond flares. Steve’s end of it is a litany of
“It is.”
“You said,
“I think you did, yeah. But I don’t mind.”
He cries, and cries, and cries so much that the air gets stuck in his throat in such a way that he thinks it’s impossible he was ever able to draw a single breath in his entire life, that he’ll ever be able to do it again. His chest gives him another jolt of pain, acute and inescapable—it’s ice-cold water in his lungs.
“Oh, sweetheart,” he says.
He takes the vintage chair in the corridor and places it next to Tony, with the back against the piano. He sits, and the old wood creaks under his weight.
They take turns using the shower, and Tony puts on a blue silk shirt for dinner, buttons it all the way up to the collar. He wishes he could feel it on his skin.
He’s scared of making it worse.
“As a matter of fact, actually I— I haven’t.”
“Yeah. I like everything about you. But especially your hair.”
God, how he hated Steve when he was young. Well, not Steve-Steve. Well, not hate-hate. He hated the Captain America that took so much space in his father’s heart that there was nothing left for Tony. He hated the certainty that he’d never be as good as Captain America, that he’d never be even half the man
They were alone. And they talked, and smiled. And flirted.
Tony nods again. “I think it’s going to rain tonight,” he says, looking at the dark clouds pinned on the horizon, far away above the valley.
Tony nods. “Hurry up.”
’s, the recriminations, the anger, the resentment. Even the physical violence.
Steve’s mouth shifts into a nostalgic half-smile. “She did,” he says, very quietly.
“That’s not really what this is about.”
Natasha sighs. “I’m going to get dressed,” she says, trying not to smile, and she leaves the room.
Tears blind Steve again. This time he lets them flow. He squeezes his eyes shut and feels them falling onto his cheeks, scalding hot like mistakes, regrets, shame, punishment, happiness, love.
He’s quick up the stairs, and once in his room, he gathers Sarah in his arms and realizes that she needs to be changed.
Stella takes a deep breath. “Something more literal, I guess. You know how my name means
Fuck.
Tony hadn’t seen it coming. He’d been distracted by Steve sleeping with him every night, by Steve’s lips on his, by Steve, Steve, Steve.
He looks tired, worn out, used up, and somehow still himself, somehow more similar than ever to that night when he climbed on Steve’s lap and kissed him and fucked him and made Steve think about being in love for the first time in ages.
He lowers his gaze, tries not to raise suspicions by acting the good Omega act—demure and respectful in front of his Alpha; quiet, waiting for them to lead you. Overall, unaffected.
The universe, in all its cruelty, in all its brutality, has allowed him only that one moment of unadulterated happiness.
“Listen, I—”
Sisyphus.
“Stop that,” he says, with the same tone he uses to give orders over the team comms, only this time it’s also thick with tears.
“Hey, hey, none of that, come on… stay with me just one minute,” Tony says, and a sense of quiet takes over Steve’s mind through the bond.
“Yeah. You mind?”
“Yes,” Tony says. He doesn’t need to think about it. Of course Steve can see Maria. “Follow me.” He leads Steve in the bedroom. “She just fell asleep.”
As it turns out, lampredotto is fucking delicious.
“Sorry.”
Before Tony realizes someone is even approaching the car, T'Challa is sitting in the passenger seat.
“Is that a…” Steve says.
He takes Steve’s hand, but after a few steps Tony only grabs Steve’s first two fingers instead of all of them. It’s happened before in the last few days, but Steve finds it suddenly strange. It’s not the first time he notices this, but has Tony always been this small compared to him? He tells himself again maybe it’s just that he’s not wearing lifts all the time, but how can his hands be affected by that?
Tony looks, but he already knows what’s there.
“I’m in a nice place too, right now.”
He doesn’t need to breathe, and that really is good. It means that the back of his throat stays open no matter how deep Tony fucks into his mouth. He doesn’t choke on Tony’s dick, at all. It’s like not having a gag reflex.
Stella thinks about it for a minute before answering.
“R—really?”
“Appreciate the vote of confidence.”
“We are not gonna eat fiorentina.” Steve can
is a list of all the foods they eat, complete with some recipes!
Tony scoffs, disgust rising in his throat. “I’m not listening to this.”
Tony smiles too, and Steve takes a moment to congratulate himself, because he did it. He made Tony laugh.
Suddenly, Steve’s toothbrush was in Tony’s bathroom, and Tony stared at it for half an hour one night, wondering how and when that happened.
,” Steve says.
“I forgive you. I love you,” he says.
“You’re gonna pay for this. I’ll have my revenge,” Tony says, careful to keep his tone light, joking.
“No, Tony, I… I’ve never been happier than right now. You… you needed your time. I get why you did it. You needed to be sure. I appreciate that. You didn’t want to rush into things, and that means this was important to you. I’m glad.”
“Why?”
“You know,” Tony says, “you’ve said I admit to my mistakes. Sam... when I went to the Raft, I told him I’d been wrong about this whole thing, and he said, ‘That’s a first’. But you don’t think that.”
Tony makes espresso, and they eat together, while Tony reads something on his phone and Steve tries not to think about the way Tony sounds when he reaches his orgasm.
“And he’ll be monitored by doctors, psychologists… his experience could be incredibly useful in getting this technology out, in every hospital eventually, and help veterans, abuse victims, people with PTSD, children... children—”
The sign with tourist information next to the entrance says the church was built during the 12th century, but the abbey was founded in the year 1001. More than one thousand years ago. One
Steve comes around, the fog slowly clearing from his head, and he sits up, pulls out of Tony inch by inch. He looks at Tony’s lap and his dick isn’t as soft as before, but it’s not even half-hard. Tony looks down at himself.
“I’m sorry.”
Steve bends to kiss Tony’s cheek, mouth soft and wet and open, hungry for Tony’s skin. Tony lets him, but soon Steve stops abruptly with the realization of how forward his gesture is.
Tony thinks.
He promised he wouldn’t do this again, hurt Tony. But like this, it’s different.
When Steve’s almost done, Tony stumbles into the kitchen, sitting heavily at the table. Steve sets the plate in front of him, and they eat in silence. Tony’s movements are very slow at first, but the more he eats the more he seems to wake up.
“Just so I know, is this tree yours?” Steve asks. Tony squints at him, a puzzled look on his face. Steve continues, “It’s just that, you know, it’d be crazy if we got arrested by the Italian police for stealing someone else’s cherries.”
“Are you... are you smoking?”
It’s cold.
And in a way, sure, he’s better than he was those first weeks. He’s functional now, he’s not just a rag doll thrown on an armchair and left there to collect dust.
Alright. So. That happened.
How are they supposed to accomplish anything if Tony throws jabs at Steve any occasion he gets? It’s not even a conscious effort, but it’s still something that’s happening inside him. It’s exhausting. He wants to stop, but he doesn’t know how.
Steve watches him, transfixed; kisses him, slow and languid, feels Tony’s tongue, warm and wet against his own. The vague taste of coffee and coconut.
“No. I watched you. Come on. Lunch.”
The water boils, and Tony adds a teaspoon of salt to it, and then the tortellini.
Steve has seen Tony go through all this, and it has only made Tony more attractive to Steve. The graceful way he has of moving, both in and out the Iron Man armor; his calloused and bony fingers, long, and full of expertise, capable of creating the most astonishing things; his arms and the shape of his shoulders, always displaying experience and elegance; his lean legs, nimble and beautiful; the way he carries his person, the way he dresses himself— everything,
, he doesn’t say,
Tony Stark is sixty years old.
He rests his hands up against the wall, pushes against it, lowering his head. The water sloshes over his shoulders, and he starts shivering.
Stella sits back on the couch, while Steve drags his armchair closer to Tony’s before sitting down as well.
. I’d miss the Avengers, Sam and Natasha, and Bucky the way he is now, and Fury, and the internet and all the progress humans have made… and you. I don’t want to lose you.”
“New?”
Steve sighs. No more denial. “Yeah.”
Silence stretches between the three of them again, while they take a minute to appreciate the disheartening sadness of the situation. Tony looks down at the floor. He knows he has no real reason for it, but he feels ashamed. Exposed, bad. He removes his jacket and his vest. He loosens his tie. He doesn’t even know why he dressed so formally today. He rolls up the sleeves of his shirt. It’s too warm in the kitchen, but Nat and Bucky seem fine.
“No, no, this doesn’t cut it, alright? You should’ve told me. You should’ve trusted me. We were friends!”
daughter.
“I can’t… I keep thinking about it and I… Just… there’s nothing.”
“Yes. And I’ll be in pain no matter what,” Tony says, tone clipped. “Please,” he adds then, softly, “it’ll take my mind off of it.”
There’s a long pause.
“You need to do it. Let this go.”
He looks at himself in the mirror and sees his face clean-shaved, the cowl clasped tight under his chin, his lips almost purple with the cold, blood trickling down his chin. It’s just a second, though. Then, there’s only long hair, beard, sad eyes.
Tony wants to answer, but every word dies in his throat. He can’t promise that,
“It’s not about that. It’s Mom, in that, in that tape. Screaming his name, I—” Tony covers his mouth with his hand, swallows, sighs. “But yeah, he was distant, and when he wasn’t… Oh, don’t make that face, come on. It wasn’t as awful as you think. Many children have it way worse than I ever did.”
In this river, in the caress of the water between his fingers, in Steve and Stella talking about feelings of belonging to a system of humans who hurt and laugh and cry and die and live and love, Tony finds his mother again.
He picks up the pace to catch up with Tony, and maybe it’s the noise Steve makes hitting the gravel, but Tony stops, and starts turning his head to look back, over his shoulder. It’s the split of a second, but Steve manages to take a picture.
passes through Tony’s mind the moment his skin makes contact with the polished wood.
“Yes. Definitely interested in that.”
Tony hears Steve sigh next to him. He hasn’t said anything else after
Tony closes his eyes against the sun, lets the memory wash over him. There’s no point in trying to stop it now.
Steve runs into the bedroom, and he’s about to push the bathroom door open no matter what, but then gets a hold of himself just enough to knock. Tony doesn’t reply.
