But something changes.
He unzips his pack and roots through its contents, carelessly tossing the flashlight aside. The Walmart he'd visited yesterday had been mostly looted when he got there, the fridges empty of their contents and the shelves knocked down, but he'd taken what he could. He removes a bag of hot Cheetos and pops it open hastily, forcing himself to slowly chew and swallow so that he won't end up with a stomachache or a bad cramp.
"Tony, please."  Tony nods a little, as if he's gearing up for something.  "Alright, well, it's nice to see you both, but I should probably go off and try to weasel some money before they all get too drunk to write checks."
Left in the kitchen, Tony glances around to make sure no one else is around before he pulls his left hand out of his pocket. "Hey JARVIS, you up?"
Tony hides a pleased little smile. At least
the smirk in the billionaire's voice.  "Lighten up a little, soldier.  It's laser tag.  There are no rules."
In hindsight, he doesn't know how he didn't see it before.  The drinking, that is. Well, he knew about it, of course, Tony's little habits, but he'd foolishly thought it would stop.  That Tony would see him before he saw the drink. He was wrong.
"Thought I'd, you know, see the sights." Tony smirks a little. "What better time to explore than in the middle of a zombie apocalypse, right?"
A million complicated emotions flash across Tony's face in an instant, and his gaze shutters for a second before he says, with perfect poise, "Nice to meet you, Sharon.  Is Steve your lucky date?"
Steve wanted to say.
Tony wills Steve to glance at him, if only so he can put on the most apologetic expression he can offer, but Steve's eyes never stray to his. Tony ducks his head, training his gaze on the plate in front of him.
Steve."
For a second, Steve thinks back to their fight with Ultron.  It's the only fight that's really stuck with him - besides the Battle of New York - although he
him, but the rest of the people here don't seem to know what humor is.
"So," Tony said carefully, slowly.  In the dim lighting, his face looked like something out of a Picasso painting, everything just planes of shadow and light.  "Apparently Natasha really enjoys beating the crap out of Clint in laser tag.  It's only been a week and she's already dragged us back."
"Aerospace engineering."
Steve talks to Tony for the first time, now. His voice is a low, soothing rumble, like he's speaking with his chest. "Have you been alone this whole time?"
"So. Tony Stark, right?" says Bruce, the meek man with the glasses. Unlike the others, his face is kinder, more curious than hostile.
"Oh, yeah." Tony winces. He doesn't actually know where he is, but… "Um, it's probably near the Rite Aid that was off of City Avenue. In one of those outdoor shopping mall plazas, on North Seventy Seventh I think. A county building? I'm in some kind of large building. It looks like one of those government buildings."
who he wants it to be most.  "Hi, Bucky.  Hi Sam."
"You inversed it? That's...
"Yeah, okay," Tony says, "but I'll find a way to make it up to you. Promise." He holds up a finger before Steve can continue with whatever he was about to say. "Nuh uh. You don't get to tell me what to do. I'll find something eventually. What gets your blood pumping, huh? Let me guess – weaponry? Something that makes you feel big and strong, something that makes you feel like you can protect everybody. Sure, fine, easy peasy, I can do that. I'm a Stark, after all. Or – maybe you've got a secret soft side. What is it, then, music, art, reading?" He pauses for a breath and examines Steve's nonplussed expression. Encouraged by the lack of open hostility, he continues. "My resources are limited, obviously, but I can probably get you an audiobook or some good tunes. Not sure what I'd do about art, but I'm sure I can think of something."
"Certainly, Sir," JARVIS says, and Tony can detect the dryness in the AI's tone – where J learned
Steve couldn't believe he was doing this again.  Plastic gun cold in his hands, heart pounding, ears and eyes alert in the darkness of LaserTech Arena.  His vest was snug against his chest, buckles tight.  And this time, there was no flag pressed against his shirt.  To be frank, he was disappointed that a cheery Clint had offered to take it, although he knew the archer couldn't have known how that would make him feel.
Steve tries to speak and realizes there are tubes running up his nostrils and down his throat.  Immediately, he gags and has to wrench his hand away from Tony's in order to pull at them, tears springing to his eyes as the hoarse, sore, choking feeling intensifies.  The sudden movement causes Tony to stir and he blinks a little, sleepily, before his eyes catch on Steve's and he's instantly alert, standing up and pressing the call button for the nurse before he's flitting anxiously at the blonde's side.
especially because he's technically twenty and a full-grown adult, but he doesn't know what other half-truths he could admit. "Well, I was staying at home initially – when the apocalypse started back in September – but How – I mean, my dad – kicked me out."
It starts that Steve forgets to come down to the workshop more and more.  At least, that's what he tells himself, that he just forgot and he'll remember next time.  He used to draw in there all the time on that ratty old couch, sketching the way Tony looked in his element - all bright-eyed and steady - but now he sees the gym and it's like…  It's like, he just thinks,
Tony beams at him. "Duh. It took me a bit to recognize you, but then – well. I've definitely stalked you."
Paterlini, a pianist, is a remnant of Tony's past with his mother. Don't get him wrong, he's more of a rock music kind of guy – he headbangs to AC/DC and dances embarrassingly to Black Sabbath in the shower and in the shop. But Maria Stark had always loved classical piano, and all types of sheet music, and she had introduced Tony to the instrumental world when he was a child. After she'd passed when Tony was twelve, piano had become his only tie to her, the only way he could drift off to music and still dream of her.
He checks the bedroom, just in case, hoping that he's wrong.  But Tony's not there. So he goes to the bar and sure enough, there's a dark form hunched over on one of the barstools, head down.
The bag falls too and lands facing him, still partially unzipped. The zombie crawls onto him, wrestling his legs down, as Tony reaches into the bag – where the
Tony sighs, staring out of the shelter he's put up for the night. The "shelter" is more of a patchwork tent, stitched together and worn thin from the abysmal weather, but he has had to make do.
"You don't owe me anything," Steve says slowly. "I didn't save your life so that you'd have to pay me back."
Steve's eyebrows are knitted together, but he doesn't look like he wants to rip Tony a new one, so there's that. "We've decided to stay here for a week. Then we're heading east, to New York."
he says forcefully, perhaps more harshly than he means to.  "Really?"
"Yeah," Rhodey sighed, shaking his head repeatedly for how much of an idiot his best friend could be at times.  "I'm pretty sure that
Tony perks up. "What were you studying?"
Tony just hums at him.  Only his eyes are visible now over the line of the blanket, and Steve wants to take a picture of the adorableness - to tell FRIDAY to - but the AI only does passive scanning in the bedrooms.  Oh, well. He's got enough snapshots of Tony in the living room and the kitchen and on his phone to last him a lifetime.
Steve swallows.  The hand around his feels all nice, and warm, and familiar, but everything feels wrong.  He's afraid if he opens his eyes he won't see Tony anymore but the same man he saw in the penthouse bar that one night, the one with the stained hands and red eyes, the one he couldn't recognize.  "Can I be - alone for awhile?" he says quietly. "I just - I need some time to be alone, and not think about things. Is that okay?"
Tony stares at the doorway that Natasha's just exited, his mouth opening and closing. He's not sure if it's just him, but he gets the feeling that she
"Oh, great." Tony thinks for a second. With any luck, his godfather – Obie – is going to be there, hopefully alive and well. Obie's rich as sin, so he'd probably paid for tons of defense mechanisms in the early stages of the apocalypse. "I'm going there, too."
"Wasn't him," Steve interrupts. His voice is firm. "At least, we don't know for sure. And until we do know, we won't be making any assumptions."
but he can't lie about it.  It
There's the sudden sound of repulsors, and a yell that bursts through him in the comms:
Tony glances up at him.  He doesn't smile but his eyes are warm as they land on Steve's, and a hot little curl of shame winds up in the blonde that he can't explain away.  "Just fixing Mark VII's breastplate," he says, shrugging. "Got dented up in our last fight."
Maybe it's a self-control thing.  Tony, for all the things Steve treasures about him, has no concept of taking care of himself or holding back from doing reckless things.  Maybe it's because his father beat his mother, so he knows what drinking can do to you - but Tony's always been half of this little, insecure boy, wanting to live up to his dad's expectations even when it should've been clear he never would.
Another twig snaps, and then a rabbit darts out of the darkness, its white body leaping nimbly into the clearing. Tony aims the gun for a moment – his mouth waters at the imagined smell of roasted meat – but then his hand wavers. That brief moment of hesitation is enough for the rabbit to spring free of his eyeline, scurrying back into the shadows.
nothing like what Tony had expected when he was imagining what "Steve" might look like – but the warmth in Steve's eyes, he'd gotten that right.
"We talked about this," Steve says quietly.  The truth is, he's never really understood alcoholism.  Sure, he's seen the effects - shitty people doing shitty things - but how can anything just
Rhodes smiles for the first time, reaching for a simple thin chain around his neck. He pulls it out of his shirt, and there the ring dangles from it. "Yep. Carry it with me wherever I go."
Tony presses his knuckles to his forehead and props his elbows up on his knees, breathing hard. In this moment he hates himself so violently that he is suffocating in the sheer feeling of it. He would not have saved someone who was dying; he would not have even hesitated, probably, to leave that person behind.
this chap is 7k. i really like fics with less (but longer) chapters so i'm trying to do that for this one. also taking online exams is such a mess... i'm posting rn to console myself because i had like 80 technical issues during an important test and i feel really down now about what i think my grade will be
There's a lull in the conversation as everyone pauses to digest this information. Tony wonders what they're all thinking – are they pitying him, poor little rich boy, thrown out on his ass into a world he wasn't prepared for? Or do they despise him even more now, for somehow having managed to survive for so long when he's probably the last person who deserves so many second chances at life? Maybe they're even wondering how despicable he is, that even his own father didn't want him in the house during an apocalypse.
that's what Tony is, and he's just like Steve's dad, it's disgusting, the stench of alcohol is so strong it stings the inside of Steve's nostrils.  "'M sorry," Tony continues, through a mumble. Oh, God, he's absolutely
"Breakfast is in two minutes," Natasha says from beside him. "The door will be open, but you'll have to settle for the scraps if you're late."
complete you.  Steve would know.
One day, Tony comes out early into the communal kitchen for breakfast.  The other Avengers (sans Thor, who's in Asgard) are there already, adrift in their own heads, talking in hushed voices.  Everyone quiets when they see him; Steve understands though, because he knows the other Avengers have been having some trouble viewing Tony the same too in the wake of Ultron.  Natasha is especially hostile because they had all watched the last recordings from before JARVIS's death, the ones where Tony cajoled and manipulated Bruce into helping him with the ULTRON project.  Maybe it's not right, Steve thinks, pinning what was essentially Bruce's own decision onto Tony and then blaming him for the Hulk's subsequent disappearance, but he understands this too. Natasha is hurting, she feels lost and alone.  They are all hurting.
"Yeah," Tony says, and he laughs a little, dry and worn.  "They've been visiting while you were out, but they're back at the Tower to shower now.  You were...you were the only one who was hurt."
Tony gives no indication that he's heard him, and he never even mentions it when Steve forgets later on and ends up retiring to bed.
On Saturday Steve wakes up in bed with Tony in his arms.  He spends some time just looking at his lover - the slack mouth he emptied kisses into last night, the loosely curled hands that, just hours before, had been touching Steve, tugging and teasing and taking him.
"Love ya, Stevie," Bucky says, wrapping Steve in a tight hug.  "Don't you forget that."
it is.  Because nobody else knows we're dating but you and me."
He doesn't trust Natasha or her companion to go through his stuff again, even if they hadn't seemed to take anything that didn't pose a threat, so he straps the watch around his wrist before hobbling towards the doorway.
Tony reaches absentmindedly for another bite of hash browns and startles when his fork clangs loudly against the plate. He hadn't even realized he'd already cleared most of his plate; he must've been hungrier than he'd thought. "So," he says, clearing his throat. "Are you guys just...planning to stay here forever? Make babies, plant a garden?" Natasha's glare intensifies. "Or...not. I mean, that arrangement probably wouldn't work out very well anyway. I mean – I kind of have no brain-to-mouth filter, so ignore everything I'm saying. Just – are you guys...settling down here? No Great Migration or anything?"
"Waiting?" Steve says, smiling back.  "Sorry, Tony, I should've told you you didn't have to.  Oh - hold on, this is Sharon Carter. Sharon, Tony. Tony, Sharon."
know what Tony's getting at, hears all the unsaid things he's locked up inside, but even if JARVIS is just parroting a line from a therapy book on the Internet, Tony appreciates the sentiment anyway.
and then he thinks,
Steve's mouth quirks up the barest amount, but Tony counts that as a win. "What kind of person would I be if I'd left you there?"
"Nothing."  Steve shakes his head and glances toward the TV, which is a huge mistake.  The channel has just changed to the opening of another Stark-Industries-owned boarding school for orphans or kids with no home to go to, and there's Tony, signature goatee framing a wide smile and dark eyes bright.  Bucky tracks his gaze to the pixelated figure onscreen and for a second, he looks at Steve like he's less Captain America and more Jack from Titanic.  Like Steve's a trainwreck waiting to happen, except more quiet and slow and like falling asleep in frigid waters rather than exploding.
Steve softens, just a bit.  But only a bit. "I'll have FRIDAY keep you out of the penthouse bar from now on, okay?"
"What is this rat you speak of?" the big blond –
Tony's still on TV, of course he is, and he's still churning out these amazing wondrous inventions that never fail to make Steve's eyes widen and his jaw slip even if he doesn't understand a single bit of science lingo.  They say Tony's saving the environment, with those plans for green energy and turning toxic waste into life-friendly fuel.  They say...they say Tony is a
That is when it happens.
a person like that?  There are tons of people who can get drunk but don't get addicted, or people who don't even drink at all.  So why his dad? Why Tony's? Why
"Steve," Tony says, and his voice is as broken as he looks.
The breathing came closer, and Steve's pulse hammered in his throat as a warm arm slunk around his waist.  "Hey, soldier."  Suddenly, the darkness was all too thick and hot and his mind slowed to a crawl, like wading through mud.  He felt the rifle being taken from his grip but was too focused on the warm puffs of breath against his neck to protest.
several rules - " Steve couldn't help but interject.
After breakfast, Tony pulls Steve aside. Steve goes tense at the fingers wrapped around his elbow but says nothing. Tony hastily drops his hand. "Um, I just wanted to thank you," he says quickly, staring up at that very blue gaze. He feels like he's looking up at the sky. "For doing the morally-opposed feat of saving my life."
Tony scratched the back of his neck with a quick hand, and suddenly he looked kind of nervous.  Far off, Steve's sharp ears could pick up Natasha's loud swearing in Russian and Clint's subsequent shrieks of equal horror and glee, but he couldn't seem to focus on them.  All he could see was Tony standing in front of him, suddenly looking nervous.  That was a miracle unto itself - the engineer billionaire philanthropist hero looking nervous?  Shy?  Even
"What's someone like you doing all the way in Philadelphia?" Bruce asks.
He scrabbles at the bandages, wanting to see how bad the damage is – it can't be too bad, or he would need surgery; but it's also bad enough to have left him unconscious and bleeding all over the place – when a new voice says, "I wouldn't do that if I were you."
He folds up the map again and slots it neatly into his backpack between a bag of Lays and his canteen.
Steve wonders, and admits privately that he could never see Tony raising a child.  Maybe it's just another misjudgment he tended to make when it came to Stark.  Like how he once thought Tony would never lay on the wire to let another man crawl over, and then - almost like the universe was playing some sick cosmic joke - Tony proved Steve wrong
He thinks that is the first bump.
Steve misses Tony more than he missed Peggy going into the ice, and that's because he knew flying the plane down that he was making the right decision - a decision he would never take back, regardless of its consequences.  But with Tony, all he can think about is how many things went wrong for them to end up this way, how many things he wishes he could've or should've done so that he wouldn't end up in a government-paid apartment in Upper Manhattan with no one but Bucky dropping by with pizza sometimes and Sam packing an extra sixteen years kissing Bucky on the cheek.  Could things have been different? he wonders, or was he destined to love unreachable people all along?  Maybe if he hadn't been so impulsive, if he just taken a single fucking
Tony flashbacks to what Natasha had said the very first time he'd woken up –
does not like him. He's not entirely sure why, though – maybe she's upset that she's had to waste valuable resources on him? Maybe this safehouse is near the Rite Aid he'd blown up, and she's angry that he's drawn zombies' attention? Or, maybe, she knows him from the Before – from before the apocalypse. A lot of people hated him before the apocalypse.
have permission to call him Bucky is clear in the tone of his voice.
"You've traveled far," Thor observes. "Where precisely did you begin your journey?"
Through his sensitive hearing, he can hear when Tony sits back down again and shuffles closer in the chair, taking Steve's hand.  "Never do that to me again," he says quietly. "Shit, I was so scared, Steve, I - "
Steve's mouth quirks in what could almost be the ghost of a smile before he rounds the table and sits down. Up close, he looks even bigger, and his broad shoulders are exactly at Tony's eye level.
"Yeah, no, of course," Tony says, a little too loudly.  He snatches his hand back from Steve's in one fluid motion and stands, giving Steve a smile as he steps back.  "You need rest, I get that. I'm just glad you're okay, Winghead. Call me - um, call us - if you need something, alright?  I'll, we'll be here immediately. Okay?"
Tony still hasn't looked at him.  Steve wonders if he's doing it on purpose.
disconnected from the world.  Back in 1944, plenty of dames had stolen a kiss or two.  And of course, there was Peggy.  But...this was different.  Tony was different.  Tony made him
"I would not advise this course of action. It sounds quite unwise."
"You know how old I am?" Bruce asks. He's smiling a little now.
Their relationship only hits a pit after Tony creates a homicidal robot hellbent on murder and world destruction.  It's later on determined that much of the blame lies within Loki's sceptre itself rather than the billionaire who triggered its consciousness, but Steve cannot forget that Tony shouldn't have been messing around with this kind of thing in the first place.  He knows Tony; he knows Tony has a big heart and better intentions. But what Steve has learned from growing up in an abusive household and surviving most of World War Two is that intent rarely matters more than outcome. It is outcome that affects everything, that put bruises on Steve's mother's body and sent Steve seventy years into the future.
The light tap of footsteps on the stairs is the only thing that alerts him to the person moving behind him. Turning around slowly, he stifles the sigh of relief that bubbles in his chest when he sees that it's only Natasha.
The hours go by as he treks along the road. He moves slowly; there's no need to hurry, it's not like he's got anything to run from anymore. He doesn't know how long it's been since he picked up his things and exited the woods, but it's been long enough that his back grows hot and he has to strip off his jacket.
Steve had shaken his head - in denial, maybe, or just amusement - and chuckled, and whispered lower, "I still miss Peggy."
It's dead silent. After a moment, Natasha nods, so Tony takes his place at the corner of the table. The tension in the room is almost unbearably awkward, but because he's Tony Stark and he's learned how to grin and bear it, he plants his elbows on the table and says, "Hi. I'm Tony. Who're all of you?"
"Yeah." He makes a face. "I hotwired a car, but I only made it to Anaheim before it ran out of gas. No fancy solutions for that."
"I didn't know you were interested in my research," Bruce says, leaning forward. His eyes are alight.
"Sir…," JARVIS says, sounding faintly disapproving. "Might I remind you that you own a map?"
Tony sighs, placing the gun down and clicking the safety back on. He's tried to avoid killing animals since the apocalypse started, not out of some aversion to meat or killing (he's certainly shot zombies) but because he doesn't want to have to cross that line just yet. As long as he sits in his tent and eats chips and roasts a fire, he can pretend almost like he's on a camping trip – like some rich-kid Boy Scout or something. But once he starts derailing from the normativity of his old life, he won't be able to avoid the horrible reality of the apocalypse anymore.
"Well," Tony says. He bites his lip. It sounds embarrassing and juvenile to say
Tony stiffens.  "I fucked up, I know," he says, voice stronger now.  "But Ultron's consciousness - that wasn't me. That was the scepter."
He eats another Cheeto – it tastes stale – and then takes out his watch, fingering it gently. It's a simple thing, a cheap silver wrist watch crafted from spare parts in the shop, but it's by far his most important possession. He would give up his guns before he gave up JARVIS.
This was nothing like the first kiss when they had first come to the laser tag arena - the first kiss had been full of this fiery, melting passion.  This?  This was like Tony was trying to carefully tug the breath from Steve's mouth with each little movement, a warm calloused
Next to the man with the straight-backed posture is a seat that looks like it's been hurriedly shoved into place, and at the head of the table is an empty chair. Tony glances around the table at the unfriendly demeanors, and then at the chairs. "So, is one of those for me?"
"So, what are you working on?" Steve asks after they've sat around for a few moments in silence.  For the first time, the quiet feels - stilted. Almost awkward. It's startling, because he can't remember the last time he looked at Tony and just had no idea what to say.
A hard object pressed against his back, and the noise of a laser gun being fired echoed in Steve's ears.  Tony stepped away slowly, watching him.  The flag was already in his hand; he must've slipped it from Steve's vest while kissing him.  "Sorry, soldier," he said with a wave.  "Better luck for your team next time."  His suit dark and dead, Steve watched, stunned, as Tony inserted the neon red flag into his vest and left, sauntering into the darkness.
Steve feels the ice course through his veins before he can even register the words.  He pulls back. "That's what you think? You think all this is just because of my reputation?"  In hindsight, he doesn't know why he's getting so mad.
Tony glares at him, because Tony makes things about himself, that's what he does.  Forget Joe Rogers. Forget the drinking. Howard's off-limits, but so was alcohol, wasn't it?
He makes his way back to his room slowly, massaging his chest but carefully avoiding the area where his injuries are located. There is no door – no privacy – so he has to be careful. Easing himself up onto the table, he places his bag next to him and rummages around for his map and a pen.
Sometimes he thinks the other Avengers suspect something, considering they all live in the Tower and all, but Tony's surprisingly nice about it when Steve expresses his anxiety over it.  "It's okay, Steve," he soothes, and rubs comforting circles on the blonde's back. He even offers to let Steve date other people in public, if only to throw everyone off their scent.
"Tony."  Steve pulled back abruptly, and hurt flashed through the billionaire's eyes for a quick second.  "Tony.  You.  Are the most.
food – real food, like, hash browns and ketchup and oatmeal and everything – but that there are several sets of eyes staring at him.
The second hint that something is wrong is that Steve begins to lose more trust in Tony.
"About this."  Tony waved a hand around flippantly.  "This laser tagging crap."
Rhodey wasn't even going to try anymore.  If Fate wanted those two fools to be together, they'd be together.  And if not...he supposed forty excruciating years of Tony-pining couldn't be
bad…  Yeah, no.  He had to get Tony's head out of his ass somehow.
Tony offers her a fake, wide smile. "I'd just like to meet the guy who saved my life."
A moan sounds from the back room all of a sudden, and his head snaps up.
Tony in this gaudy new century.  And so he looks Tony square in the face and snaps, "Yes, Tony, I
"Well." Tony twists his lips. "Sometimes you gotta run before you can walk. Let's see how quickly Steve can get me to a workshop, shall we?"
It doesn't last.
fault that his chest has been fucked up by glass shards. He'd caused the explosion, after all. He almost –
"You certainly appreciate its results though," Steve replies with a grin as Tony watches him strip off his sleep shirt, eyes never straying.
Clint sputters. Next to Tony there's a tiny, stifled snort, and he glances up at Rhodes (the man just doesn't seem like a "Jim") just in time to see the man's mouth twitch.
"You're up early, Stark," Clint comments as he pops an orange slice into his mouth.  He's watching Tony like the bird he was adequately named for and it makes Steve uneasy.  Clint was affected hard too, by Ultron; there had been a small child in the rubble not unlike Clint's own Cooper that he'd been too late to save.  Steve had asked him about it, gently; Clint had refused to answer.
As Tony grabbed Steve's hand and started yanking him over to the exit, still swearing at the overhead cameras, Steve just chuckled.  LaserTech Arena had either been cowed by Natasha's steely glare and Clint's wild looks and had allowed them to use the speakers, or Clint had snuck in and now the Avengers would never be allowed back.
Often he sits in his apartment on dreary cold days and remembers the earlier years when he only regretted crashing the plane, sometimes, and every face was a new one and all the people he missed were dying or dead.  He can't believe he used to think you could only mourn over those who were gone, that the only missing of people you could do was at the grave.  Steve knows better now.  He is, after all, reminded every time the newspaper lands in his mailbox and Tony is there on the fourth page, kissing Pepper Potts-Stark with his son right beside them.
"Tasha, and, Clint, will be wondering where we," Tony breathed against Steve's lips.  "Also...does this, mean, you feel the same way then?"
like they're curse words, too foul to leave stewing in his mouth.
"Sir is on the penthouse level," the AI replies promptly.  "But I would recommend leaving his dinner for him in the workshop till he is fit to come downstairs."
Clearly that has worked out in his favor. "Well, still, thank you," he says. "I appreciate, you know, still being alive. It probably wasn't easy, getting me all the way here. With me being unconscious and probably bleeding out all over you and whatnot."
Tony nods. "Incident photon pathways are easy to map out but much harder to make converge. What did you do?"
"You're welcome," Steve says, stilted. Normally Tony would feel a little bit offended, but for some reason, he's not getting any hostile vibes from Steve. In fact, the guy looks rather awkward. "I don't believe in leaving people to die. I would've done it for anyone."
Tony has to go past Steve to get a mug, but Steve tenses when he does, spins Tony around with a hand to the shoulder.  Tony jerks for a second, almost like a flinch, but then he stumbles back and Steve realizes it's only because he'd knocked him off balance.  "Were you drinking?" he says, voice a little colder than he means it to be. He can smell it now, sharp and acidic, especially with his heightened serum-enhanced senses.  "Is that why you didn't go to sleep, Tony?"
Steve was embarrassed to realize that the "soldier" thing was turning him on a little bit.  The way Tony said it was just so...so…
The second thing he realizes is,
a kiss?  Steve, it's impossible to perfectly describe how you feel about Tony because I'm not you, but you can't really be stupid enough to think I'm blind, either."
It's only then that he notices Tony is slumped next to him in a chair, head lolling over the back of it, hair a mess and goatee untrimmed and dark rings under his eyes.  He is snoring softly and his arm is thrown over Steve's legs, hand curled around Steve's own.
"Oh," Tony says, fast like he'd expected a rejection.  "Well, uh - that's good then. It's black tie, so, don't forget."
"Yeah, but – " Clint's gaze darts to Barnes, who has stiffened. "But – "
A part of Tony wanted to roll his eyes at Roger’s ridiculousness, but he couldn’t bring himself to do that. He had said more than enough on the way here.
Dream
Fury sat up, clutching his ribs. He fixed an earpiece onto his ear and called Hill.
Steven felt his soulmate’s disconcerting gaze. Unfortunately being famous meant there were a lot of people who wanted his attention. He waltzed, chatted and laughed with others while discreetly looked for his soulmate. But no matter how discreetly Steven had looked for them, they refused to show themselves.
Tony's voice sounded on the radio after a moment. "What's it look like in there?"
Nick Fury looked at the bloodstained cards, his expression pained. “They needed the push.” he sighed. ‘It was what Phil wanted.’ His mind supplied.
Bogart: A reference to Harry Potter meaning a creature who can turn into what you are most afraid of, Steve is Tony’s Bogart since he belief this bond will only bring him pain and more pain.
At first, Pepper just looked confused, “A soul-bond?”
"Speak English!" Cap said in exasperation.
Then the Hellicarrier rocked from an explosion.
Bruce could see the admiration in Tony's eyes. Tony Stark admired his control... It seemed surreal.
Abruptly Tony remembered PEPPER. His eyes rocketed open. He remembered that the bond was a prison. Steve could feel his soulmate's fear like cornered animals, the anger, and disgust and not a little rage Tony felt for himself.
Steve felt like a ten-ton truck had just crashed into his chest. His whole body suddenly gone numb, and he felt a weird, floaty feeling. Deep down, the Alpha knew everyone he knew was most likely dead. He was alone. Steve felt something break inside of him.
As the words resonated to the kneeling crowd, an elderly man refused to kneel. His face was defiant as he turned towards Loki and facing him dead on without shaking or bowing. “Not to men like you.”
Tony Stark was just as impudent he was shown in the footage. Steve’s despair turned into not a little rage. This burst of anger that flared through him terrified him, and it took effort to keep it under control.
Engine 3 was dead. A LARGE CHUNK of the port side in TORN OFF.
All his love and his desperation for Howard's approval turned into anger and resentment. It suddenly made perfect sense. Howard would always love Captain America because he was the product and symbol of his genius. He would always hate Tony because his son represented everything he hated, his genius being replaced by better future generation and his gene failure in producing an Alpha and produced an Omega instead.
(See the end of the chapter for
‘It should have been me.’ Damn it if anyone had to die it should’ve been him, not a good man like Coulson. Another better man had died. And Phil had been really happy since he met his soulmate a few months ago.
The way Rogers was looking at him right now was alien, too much, undeserving, and he didn't understand nor… did he want it? ‘If he knows how broken, fuck up I am…’ his mind supplied…
Anthony’s eyes deepened and his whole lower face melted into a genuine smile at that. The blood already coming up in Steven’s cheek. Anthony’s eyes were the most amazing shade of blue and when he smiled the world quite simply stopped spinning. And heaven helped him, he wasn’t being fanciful, he was not but he couldn’t tear his eyes from his soulmate's face.
But in Bruce's case it was never his fault. He shouldn't have to live with people corpses tied to him.
It deeply saddened him because he empathized but too well. "Bruce. It was Abomination that broke Harlem. I saw the footage. Who knows how many more people would die if you hadn't stopped it? You're a hero, Bruce."
They spent hours talking about opera, about politics, about sport. Steven traveled a lot and was a surprisingly perceptive observer of people. He regaled Anthony with tales from his travels in Europe, shared hints on fashion. His canny imitations of various people he met during his travel made Anthony choked with unexpected laughter. Anthony had never felt so at ease with anyone like he was with Steven, not even his clan.
“I'm SORRY…” Roger’s tone mocking “wasn't EVERYTHING?” he demanded mockingly. He stepped closer to Tony, into his space, sucked all the air out of the room. Steve felt strangely satisfied at the thought he had all the smaller man's attention. So close, Steve felt drunk on the slithering smell emitting like sound waves over him. Every cell in Steve's body cried out to move closer, as though he wouldn't be satisfied until his lips met Tony's.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dream
Before he met Maria, Howard used to seek up one night stands to numb uncomfortable feeling like when he failed to recreate the super soldier serum. He couldn’t cope with the countless of failure and sex without emotion became an escapade. And now that she had fail him having given birth to an Omega (and not even female one) instead of an Alpha male, he planned to start with his old habit again. After all how else could he get the alpha heir he wanted?
Tony wasn’t stupid he knew what Steve expected from him; happiness, and to fill the emptiness in his life. And knowing how huge Steve’s lost was that was an unfair expectation to put on his or anyone’s shoulders. It would be just like his parent relationship. Both Howard and Maria just expected the bond to keep Howard’s interest in her without working on the relationship’s foundation.
"Coulson! Initiate official lockdown in the detention section then get to the armory! Move out!" Fury ordered.
The thought of Captain America saw him broken and emotionally raw devastated him more than he would ever admit and made him more furious than he had been in a long time. To top it off, not only did the Captain fine with SHIELD having blackmail material that could ruin all Tony hard work for a better world, he had rubbed it in his face!
"Respect? He smashed Harlem." Tony cringed as soon as the words left his lips. Why did he say that?! He should never say that around Bruce even if it had no bite. His head felt foggy again.
For several seconds Maria didn’t comprehend– three long seconds during which Maria just stood there, staring at the picture of her soulmate cheating with his secretary. Deep down she had suspected that Howard had an affair with he seemed to lose all interest in sex with her lately, but she had glossed over that, she didn’t want to believe that Howard would do this to her. God knew his workaholic and the alcoholic tendency was bad enough! How could Howard do this to her!
A dangerous glint in Bruce’s eyes, his mouth twitched slightly while his right hand’s nails kept scraping the side of his glasses in a relentless pattern. A terrifying humorless laugh escaped his lips. Even Tony had to admit, it scared him a little.
Thor quickly grabbed Loki roughly by his collar, forcing him to stand. His hand grabbed Loki’s neck but as he looked at his brother, his gripped loosen a little. He looked at the stormy sky outside and dragged Loki, jumping out the plane with him.
Anthony could feel Steven’s eyes ghosted over the muscle of his stomach and his defined pectorals before fixated on the dark coarse hair led to his sex. He tried his best to stay still but his body buzzed with energy, and occasional twitch sent through his arms or drove up to his chin.
"Tony, we need a plan of attack!" Steve shouted with a hard edge to it as his soulmate started for the end of the plane.
Thor: Very High Level Alpha.
"I know ten guys with none of that, who was worth ten of you.” Bullets encased in Steve’s syllables and frustration as he tried to bring Tony Stark down. The Ten commandos worth ten of Tony Stark, who was nothing more than a self-obsess poser tried to act like a hero.
It took effort for him to tear his eyes away from Rogers even after barely a glance and turned to Bruce who was grinning quietly. You really have got a lid on it, haven't you?"
“All that for an Omega son.”  Maria’s face was a study in disappointment as she handed the baby over to the nurse and waved him away. The baby should at least be born an Omega girl easier to marry her off since female Omega was better at raising children.
An Alpha like Rogers needed to be put in his PLACE! Like he would let any Alphas degraded him after Howard, after Obie!
Tony thought he heard Steve’s heart-wrenching begged. Guilt again, as sharp as the cut of a whip, melded with sadness, fused with fear for Steve. “JARVIS, save the rest of the suit’s power for the return.” Tony commanded, trying to be optimistic even though both he and JARVIS knew the odds of him surviving were non-existent.
Tony’s sunglasses clear but dark blue in the fading sunlight. To Steve, meeting Tony again felt as though he had been trapped in a freezing cave and then suddenly freed to bask in the bright summer sun. It was blinding and beautiful and the only thing he ever wanted for the rest of his life. He was staring at Tony, face bright, overwhelmed with happiness, brighter than the sun. He was floating.
Everyone waiting on earth jumped up and cheered saved from the violent death of the nuclear weapon aimed at them. All letting outs a breath they didn’t realize they’d been holding, exhausted relief washing over them. Fury looked down grimly, knew the sacrifice the heroic act had brought with it.
This was wrong! He had created something groundbreaking as a reason to be proud of him instead of filled with jealousy and anger. This was wrong! He was never good enough always hated and degraded. Why did Howard radiate fury like a silver flame?
He breathed in, sharply, and dug his nails into the meat of his palms until it bleeds. Why did Rogers make it all so difficult?! “And you are an arrogant bastard!”
Alpha:  More than 2/8 of the population. They usually have more muscle mass and taller. Most Alpha is Slytherin plus Gryffindor minded they are not all evil  but they have a win-win mind, very ambitious, brave, confidence, fiercely competitive and cunning (strategist) and natural leader (half are control freaks) which is why they usually successful in anything they are into. Usually, the higher the level the more competitive, ambitious and physically stronger they are that is why high-level Alpha is respected and consider unique (of course it is also because they are rare).
He inhaled sharply as if it was his first breath in days. This wasn’t the time for personal issue, right now he had to push emotions aside. Forcing his mind back to the scene taking place below him, he saw Loki tossed Steve a good ten feet. Steve fell and hit his head hard, Iron Man decided to take the so called god’s attention away from the soldier.
“I need a minute here!” Steve shouted back, tried to climb the wire, “Kind of busy!”
Steve was so out of his depth that it was genuine excitement and relief when he understood something again. He jumped on the occasion to shine and piped up he understood Fury’s flying monkey Wizard of Oz reference with an enthusiasm that Tony had to tell himself ‘Rogers isn’t adorable.’
“Tony.” Steve called, dashed after him and grabbed his arm in desperation. There was brittle sheen in his silver-blue eyes. Nearly losing Tony once today was enough. “I would assemble the team. Don’t go there by yourself.” Steve used his Alpha voice, which in hindsight, wasn't the greatest idea. He knew he'd made a mistake when anger painted Tony’s face and his scent became bitter.
More references Steve didn't understand but he ignored it. “I don't remember it being ever that easy. This guy packs a wallop.”
“Right. I’ve heard that before,” Tony said sarcastically, pushed past Steve.
Steve Rogers said “Let's start with that stick of his. It may be magical, but it works an awful lot like a Hydra weapon.”
A more interesting fact was Tony had donated away many of his valuables and gave more contracts to farmers… during the palladium poisoning debacle…
"So why didn't S.H.I.E.L.D bring him in on the tesseract project? What are they doing in the energy business in the first place" He asked with a raised of his eyebrows.
“Doc. Banner.” Fury sound guarded.
I knew Tony was in pain but Steve silent agony over the lost one more good man while looking at the stain trading card speaks louder to me! It’s clear who is much more in pain. Tony express it louder while Steve is more silent in his agony.
“What; that all you got? Weak, Rogers.” Tony smirked tauntingly even as the corner of his lip bleed. “Then again, you must be all rusty from being Capsicle!” Hit me again; show me your true color.
After failed in replicated the super-serum, searched for Captain America and revolutionized the arc reactor, Howard hated that another thing in his life had failed. He had turned all that hatred and frustration to his only child!
Disclaimer: I do not own anything.
Tony thought she was an idiot for even attempted to scare the Hulk.
Captain America looked around, at the debris, and his expression shifted to stunned, as he realized… “We won.” He grinned like a fool.
Tony’s armor had all sorts of weapons and absolutely dominated in ranged combat; with the added bonus of aerial combat, He would have Captain America on the ground before he even took a hit!
“Good move,” Tony said, relaxed his posture and lowered his arms as his symphony of whirs quietened; his weapons disappeared back into his suit, stance turned from offensive to relax.
Everyone was watching the action from their offices and places of work, worrying as they saw Tony following the nuke and driving it upwards into the sky. Nick Fury and Maria Hill watched anxiously, unable to do anything from where they were.
His last thought being Steve- the warmth, the flutters, the truth in his eyes that Tony refused to see. Perhaps delusional was common before death because he swore he felt Steve was here with him. Steve’s warmth, despair, and fear spilled into him. His soul reached out to touch.
Steve heard his heartbeat beat ninety miles an hour. Tony had been looking at Steve too long, but then the Alpha had been looking back, and he felt they both tried to say something the others couldn’t hear. Too long and now even longer, his heart even louder, Steve’s tranquil eyes swallowed him whole.
Tony scrubbed a hand across his face. “Yeah, the bond… was kinda hard to miss, even with crazy Norse gods in tow.”
“They got it.” Nick Fury sounded relieved. “Get our communications back up, whatever you have to do. I want eyes on everything.”
"Look, it's not that hard." Tony insisted, ignored the sound of Roger’s voice and his Alpha pheromone that called out to him like a siren call.
Steve rose into his full height before stepping off the ledge he had landed on. A few people began to stand as they looked up at the sight of Captain America.
His heart overflows with the kindness of which this world is not worth of.
Bruce chuckled softly at Tony's technological brilliance. Looking around the room in slight awe, Bruce murmured offhandedly "All I packed is a toothbrush."
"I've come here to put an end to Loki's schemes!" the Asgardian cut him off abruptly, still outraged by their interference.
Took away the super serum and Rogers was just a scrawny man with countless ailments weighed him down and whom the army had rejected a few times! REMOVE THE ARMOR, AND TONY STILL WOULD HAVE MADE A MARK ON THE WORLD. REMOVE THE GENETIC AND PHYSICAL AUGMENTATIONS AND NOBODY WOULD HAVE KNOWN ABOUT ROGERS!
Thor shook his head, almost wanted to laugh at how naïve his brother still was. "Then you miss the truth of ruling, brother. A throne would suit you ill." Thor replied. That seemed to hit a nerve. Loki turned, snarled and spanned around to him.
Casting a short glanced at Rogers, Tony was more relieved than he wanted to admit that the Super-Soldier wasn’t buying into it about as much as he enjoyed went back to his parent’s home for a holiday.
He blinked, then broke into a grin as if to hide his pain but failed to prevent a single tear falling from a corner of his eyes “... I don't have it.”
Howard: Middle level alpha
Loki turned to confront his brother, his expression as cold as ice. As always Thor had the rose-tinted view, from the top of the hierarchy it all looked glorious. Loki's bitter real view was a little different to that.
He heard a familiar baseball game on the radio… that couldn’t be right. He became instantly alert as he heard the sound of footsteps closing in from outside. A pretty Omega in a nurse uniform entered the room. Her lips curled into a charming and smile at the sight of him. “Morning…” she looked at the watch on her right wrist-- a watch he had never seen before, even Howard couldn’t make a watch that small “… or should I say afternoon. You’re in a recovery room in New York City.” His enhanced senses razor-focused sensed her racing pulse, notice the tension in her shoulders and fear in her eyes.
Tony frowned at Steve, wanted him to get on their side with this. "An intelligence organization that fears intelligence? Historically, not awesome." Tony scoffed, looked at Steve for a response.
“Don’t.” Tony cut him off. “Just don’t, Rogers. This can never work out.” You’d have more luck mixing acid and potassium than they ever becoming friends. This was kinder for both of them.
It was useless to argue, Tony’s mind was made up.
Ouch. That one hurt
Rogers was still staring at him, ran his eyes up and down the armor. He was starting to get on his nerve.
Of course, not all Betas is a peaceful diplomat, I mean Phil and Fury are high-level Betas (close to Alphas in the hormone chart) and they have Alpha-like quality and the best thing is they are not affected by heat like Alphas so high-level Beta is also the great candidate for leadership.
Soon his mind was flooding with information: Not only Tony was a rare type of very high-level Omega, but he was also a Dominant type Omega. Steve’s mind went to Peggy the toughest, Dominant Omega he had ever met.
“He wasn’t. I know without a doubt that Howard’s soul-mate was his wife, Maria Stark.” the sound of Fury’s heartbeat was steady, a sign he wasn’t lying but that could be trained.
A whiff of a warm, somehow familiar Alpha’s scent swirled: wholesome, unwavering, safe. The bond urged him to do it so Steve reached out and took Tony’s hand in his, warm and solid and electric. A moment of surprised the other man didn’t pull away before he caressed his hand. It was a touch so light, so soft, and so careful. It reminded Tony of the way Jarvis treated his bruises and wounds when he was a small child.
"Key not key-card?” Steve gave him a knowing grin, studied the key.
I need to know, so please tell me in  0-10 how much point did this story get
A weird blue blast flashing here and there causing people to run and screams. Loki slowly walked out and materialized in his gold armor and helmet. The police arrived and with no hesitation, he BLASTED the cars, FLIPPING them over and over.
“His pictures and info are in the debriefing packet I gave you. One of the Avengers Initiative. You can confirm whether he is your soul-mate or not yourself,”
•	20 Tony decision?
“Yes, sir.” she replied quickly
He was skeptical at first because that would mean living the same tower as Steve. He didn’t think he could handle interacting with the Captain daily. Just being near the man was intoxicating. Then he realized how selfish that thought was. Tony Stark was a selfish person but that would be a new level of selfishness.
Having Rogers so close was like riding a tornado--the wild rush of adrenaline that started in Tony's chest and coiled tightly in his stomach felt the same. The whole Helicarrier seemed to dwindle down to just the two of them, and the space between their bodies. Tony could feel the heat that radiated off of Steve and saw the flecks of green in those brilliant blue eyes. Tony bit his lips, anger suffused in him even as lust curled hotly in his stomach. God, Rogers' scent was so dizzying from this proximity. Like the finest wine and the sweetest cinnamon, with a hint of musk. Why must he felt this terrible attraction for Rogers when the man was being an annoying prick? But damn it, something about him made Tony melt, the heat at the core of his body made his legs weak. He was furious, he needed to fight this!
S P A C E
Peter could hear MJ yelling at someone, but he couldn't quite make out the words. They kept fading in and out like he was underwater and when he blinked, everything went fuzzy, red and yellow and the weird green color of spider goo.
MJ looked stunning. She was wearing a deep blue dress that sparkled under the light and her hair - well, her hair was just up in its usual messy bun, like she couldn’t be bothered to do it any other way. She looked perfect.
Because
He thought maybe it was the sleep deprivation catching up to him. This had all felt like some surreal nightmare until people started to actually do something about it. Now, it felt real. Frighteningly real. What if Tony said the wrong thing and Peter had to suffer the consequences? What if they were wrong about the location? What if Steve got hurt and couldn’t get to Peter in time? What if -
The scene changed from the newscaster to the man himself, standing behind a podium as flashbulbs went off in his face.
interns in
They told no one.
The mild-mannered reporter had been replaced by pure, all-American confidence in a star-spangled suit. Tony would actually have laughed out loud, been completely fucking hysterical because Steve was dressed like Captain America, which was ludicrous, except - except -
He tried to run, the idiot. “Don’t even think about it!” Tony yelled, voice muffled by the robotic tone of the suit. He flew over Peter’s head and landed in front of him, trapping him in the alley. Peter could have climbed the walls to escape, but Iron Man could fly, so there wasn’t much point in trying.
“Tell her I’m on my way,” said Tony, dropping the wrench in his hand and brushing his hands on his jeans. He was sure he didn’t look his best, but he was also pretty sure it wouldn’t matter: May was definitely here to chew him out for upsetting Peter. He was ready to face her after berating himself all night. He deserved it.
“So if you could find something else to do besides make MJ nervous at her interview with Steve today, that would be great.”
“I’ll take care of the media,” said the same urgent voice from downstairs, the familiar one. Peter thought it might be Norman Osborn, someone he had only ever seen in TV commercials. “You keep an eye on the kid.”
May continued, “I knocked a few times and then I opened his door. He was just gone. The window was open.” Tony closed his eyes. He wanted to comfort her, but he couldn’t bring himself to do it. Not when he was about to make everything ten times worse by telling the truth. Her emotion was starting to leak into her voice. “He’s only snuck out once before that I know of, he - he told me he was at Ned’s, but now I just don’t know what to think -”
He suddenly became aware that he had taken out the suit as soon as he’d seen the news, and it had been dropped on his couch during the call with Tony. He shoved the suit under a blanket and cautiously approached the door, ready for anything. Steve took a breath, and opened it quickly to reveal -
Loki tilted his head, thinking.
Somehow, Tony wasn’t willing to believe that Peter would do that to them without a good reason. Maybe it was wishful thinking given the evidence, but, “I told you, I think something’s going on with him,” he said to Bruce. “Let me talk to him.”
The call quality sucked because of the snow, so Steve’s voice was clouded by static as he said, “Tony, I just saw on the news -”
“We’ll get them back, right?” Bruce voiced Steve’s only thought for the last hour. “I mean - I know this looks bad, but this isn’t - it might not be permanent. We can still try to steal the Time stone back. Right?”
“- therefore, you are mine.” He realized how that sounded, and backtracked. “I mean, like, legally.”
“Now is probably a bad time to tell you this, but I’m not really a journalist.”
He was seething. “It was only a matter of time before someone connected the dots between the MIT incident and Spider-Man, so they’re getting me to frame myself so it will throw the feds off their trail.” Tony could feel time ticking away, second by second. It had been over two hours since May arrived to tell him the news and he was not pleased that they hadn’t made any progress at all. He was itching to do something, anything, but he couldn't do anything that would put Peter at risk. They would be willing to kill him to eliminate the evidence.
Nebula had told them her story for a reason, of course.
Bruce smirked as he went back to his microscope. “Maybe this is empty nest syndrome. You’re worried that he doesn’t need you anymore.”
Okay okay I know... but it's not really a cliffhanger; it's just a choose your own adventure:
“I have an assignment in Brunei starting next week,” she said without introducing herself or any sort of greeting. “Fury says you can come with me if you want.”
“Hey, Pep, who’s this?” Tony’s voice sounded strained even to his own ears. He couldn’t help it; he wasn’t used to people intruding on his space or his… Peter and Bruce. (He did not think of them as a small science family. He did not.)
“How did we all end up in the same place?” Bucky asked, ignoring him. “Peter and these guys were on Titan, but we were all in Wakanda. And if I’m understanding correctly, then half of the universe just disappeared along with us. Shouldn’t they be in here? Where’s everybody else?”
A blue robot woman had emerged from the ship with Tony, and her blank eyes turned to Steve.
“Good,” said Tony. Then he clapped a hand on Peter’s shoulder. “And yes, of course I want to know how you did it, you idiot.”
Ten feet above street level.
Tony expected her to be angry. He was not expecting to find Peter’s aunt standing in the lobby pacing back and forth, or for her to look so relieved when she saw him.
Steve ducked his head. “You don’t need to call me that. Steve is still fine.”
“Well, Johnny Storm is hot. I mean, literally,” said Ned.
Steve, in turn, stayed up late with Tony in the kitchen and told him about their equally botched attempts to kill Thanos: how Wanda and Vision had given up everything, how Thor should have gone for the head, how Bucky and Sam slipped through his fingers.
It struck Steve how their situations were equal and opposite: One family gone, one still mostly intact; four living, four dead. Thanos’ idea of mercy. It was so horribly cruel, so unspeakably unfair that Steve once again found himself on autopilot.
of this shows up in an article about Spider-Man two months from now, or anywhere at all, ever - even if it’s on a conspiracy website that has six followers - trust me when I say
A timer went off in the kitchen. “Oh, shoot! That’s our dinner. Don’t want to let it burn. Again. I’ll be right back, excuse me.” May stood and hurried to the kitchen.
The Stark Industries holiday party was completely overwhelming.
Sorry for posting this chapter so late! I had more to write than I thought, and the last few weeks have been unexpectedly busy, but here it is! Apologies in advance for typos... feel free to point them out when you find them, because I'm sure there are some. Thanks for reading :)
“I did.”
Pepper must have picked up on his reluctance, because she put a hand on his arm and said, “I do hope you’ll come. Even if you’re not a big partier, everyone who’s anyone in New York will be there, and it’s a good networking opportunity for someone like you.”
The professor stopped talking and the entire class froze. Peter was sitting in the back near the door, so he got up to see what was going on. He stepped out to see other students poking their heads out of classrooms. He started walking over to the balcony, where he would be able to see all the way down into the lobby of the atrium. That was when he heard it.
Right before he passed out, he thought,
So when Tony showed up to pick Peter up from school the next day, it was hardly surprising that Peter got into his car and started with, “It wasn’t in the paper, so everything’s okay, right?”
“What about the kid?” Natasha asked. “Peter?”
He wanted to know how much Tony had heard. He wanted to know what Tony was thinking. Most of all, though, he wanted to help. Because before he could fix things with Tony, they had to find Peter.
Suddenly, Steve remembered a time when he was allowed here. It was painfully familiar, although before, Tony hadn’t been quite this bad; he had never shouted out like that before.
“- Peter, no, no, no, I’m sorry -”
“Uh, sure,” said Peter, who still looked like he would rather be anywhere else.
“What if he isn’t there? Then what?” May demanded.
The following days were some of the most stressful of Tony's life. While Bruce tried to figure out a way to help Peter focus on individual sounds so that he wasn’t hearing
Fury had been right; Steve decided. Tony Stark was a handful. And he was nothing like Howard.
The new plan was mostly the same plan, except that in addition to Thor’s army, Clint and Natasha’s backup, and the remaining soldiers’ best efforts, they would also be depending on Steve and Tony to sacrifice someone to get back the Soul Stone.
“None of them,” he gestured vaguely to the group of adults a short distance away, “are going to let anything happen to you. If they find out that only one of us is getting out of here, it will be you.”
“Great,” he said. Wanda, Bucky, and T’Challa looked discomfited by the thought as well. “We are never getting out of here.”
The decision was made for him when Tony thrashed suddenly, a frown creasing his forehead as he gasped, “Please - not him, not him -”
Everyone should know that it took every ounce of self-control that I have not to include a joke about moving Peter to a secondary location in here somewhere (please see Kid Gorgeous). Anyway, thanks so much for reading and being patient. This took so much longer than anticipated, but I’ve never published over 30,000 words before so yay me!
“Why don't we just skip it?” Tony suggested.
Just like Mr. Stark was always determined to keep him safe back home, Sam and Bucky were trying to protect him here, too.
The questions started to die down, but they also took on a new tone: “What if I hear something bad happening, like someone getting mugged or worse? What should I do?”
There was a sudden crash from the window, and they jumped apart.
, but, “Army, huh?”
“Gather whoever’s left,” he heard himself say. “Tell them to call their loved ones. Tell them to go home if they want. But they should understand that going home won’t change what just happened. I’m staying to fight. This isn’t over. We’ll find a way - we’ll. We’ll find a way.” It wasn’t much of a speech, but it seemed to spur action. He saw Okoye turn away from him to speak to her soldiers; he heard Rhodes shouting out to those still on the battlefield.
Tony shrugged. “That, and Captain America.”
always seemed to have something to do. He didn’t want to pester Nick Fury - he seemed like a busy man, and Steve knew that Fury had his best interests at heart - but this was getting ridiculous. Steve was tempted to visit the nearest airport and buy a ticket to someplace he’d never been. (Then again, his last trip on an airplane had not gone well, so maybe he should hold back on that particular impulse.)
Tony half-smiled, looking down at their interlocked fingers. “Pete was mad at me before he left,” he admitted. “I don’t know if he’ll be so happy with me when he gets back.”
Although he would never admit it to Pepper, Tony was secretly pleased to have a competent intern for once. Peter wasn't just here so that he could tell his friends that he worked in Stark Tower or take sneaky pictures of their equipment and post them online (that intern had promptly been fired). He wasn't going to cozy up to Pepper in the hopes of getting a long term job or ask if he could put on the Iron Man suit. Peter was here because he was just… curious. He was also a huge nerd, but that meant he would fit right in. Tony was pleasantly surprised to find that he enjoyed the time he spent with the kid.
“Peter’s being weird,” Tony mentioned to Bruce in the lab late one evening when they had both had too much coffee to sleep. “He left like five minutes after he got here today.”
He was pretty sure that gaining Tony Stark’s trust would be an uphill battle, and it was a battle that he would have to fight on his own.
For the first time, Tony actually resembled the man that Steve had seen in the photo in his file and spread across tabloid pages. He looked good in a suit, but he always looked good. The difference was the way his eyes seemed a little darker, his smile a little haughtier than usual. There was always drink clenched tightly in his hand while he shamelessly charmed anyone who looked at him twice. By the time Steve finally caught Tony’s attention, he could see the way his smile was strained. He was sure the only reason Tony was holding a drink - aside from the obvious - was to keep his hands from shaking.
Of course, Pepper badgered Tony anyway until he finally allowed the newest intern into his lab.
“Hawkeye. Where is he now?”
was dying and ended up here. Strange said something about - about this being the end game?”
Finally, a beaten-looking spaceship arrived on the roof of the Tower. And due to the strangeness of the last several days, Steve didn’t immediately assume it was Tony.
“I was in space,” Peter rushed to explain, trying to make sense of any of it. “I was on Titan, with Tony and Dr. Strange and - them.” He pointed to a second group just as he noticed them, huddled away from the first. Peter wasn’t sure if they had been there the whole time or if they had just appeared, but there they were: Quill, Drax, and Mantis. A fourth figure had joined them. It looked like a talking tree. Peter wasn’t even going to question it at this point. “We were trying to get the glove off of Thanos, but we couldn’t do it. And then Mr. Stark was dying and Dr. Strange decided to save him, and then
“Lunch,” Tony repeated. The subject change did not go unnoticed, but a hot dog sounded a lot better than whatever green smoothie was waiting for him back at the Tower. “Sure.”
She smirked. “I have my ways. Anyway, Pepper scheduled my first interview with this guy on Thursday, so,” she started walking again, turning her back on both of them. “I’ll be the judge of whether or not he’s hot. Literally or metaphorically.”
“I’ll talk to Thor,” said Bruce, who was almost startlingly calm in this situation. He had seen a lot in recent months. Either this didn’t phase him, or he was in the same daze-like state as Steve and hadn’t fully processed the loss of humanity that they had just witnessed. “He might have some idea where that spaceship was headed.”
It was Peter.
There was no time to explain. Tony snapped, “Peter’s been -”
“Something’s bothering you,” Natasha said about halfway through the movie, grabbing the remote to turn the volume down. “What is it?” Steve knew he wouldn’t get out of this without telling the whole truth, not with the way she was looking at him like she could read his thoughts.
“That’s a good plan,” said Tony.
“You’re -” Pepper had a hand over her mouth.
powers if Tony hadn’t taken him and MJ to that stupid Science and Tech Day. Not to mention that Tony just
“JARVIS, what happened?” He demanded. “I want playback of the whole call.”
“- kidnapped, and it was Oscorp. Wait, how did you know that?” Tony looked around. “Have you been here the whole time and I just didn’t notice?”
MJ was right - no one cared much about Spider-Man’s identity once they found out that the
Tony shifted slightly in front of Peter as if that would hide him from sight. Unhelpfully, Peter just peeked around his shoulder.
Tony started to object to Peter being removed from the room, but as Bruce passed he said dryly, “I’ll make sure he doesn’t spill any company secrets.” Tony assumed that included Peter’s powers and the fact that he was Spider-Man - a fact that only he and Bruce knew. Not even Pepper was in on that one. She knew about Peter’s powers, but Tony wasn’t quite sure whether he should burden her with the knowledge that he was also a teenage vigilante.
I'm planning to add the next chapter this weekend, 2/17 or 2/18. Apologies for the delay! I was busier than I expected this week and I want to make sure I have enough time to edit.
It was strange to shift his focus back to the present, suddenly. Sometimes Steve had moments like that: He would get lost in thought about the past, thinking of Peggy or Bucky and what they would say if they were here. He had to forcibly snap himself out of it. It happened a lot while he was sketching. If he let himself think about it too much, then he would look up from his notebook to be genuinely surprised that there wasn’t currently a war going on.
Update: I’m aiming to post the last chapter by the end of May.
He looked around to see the remaining soldiers confused, grieving, lost. Steve’s best friend was gone, again. His right hand man. His friends had just disappeared.
It was a lot to take in. Peter was Spider-Man. Tony was mad at him. As he returned to his apartment and got ready for bed, Steve felt the full weight of the new secrets he was keeping. It took him a long time to fall asleep.
Peter didn’t answer, but then again, Tony hadn’t really expected that he would.
Tony opened his eyes to find her looking back at him helplessly, tears in her eyes. She crossed her arms over her chest and said, “I told myself he would be home by morning and he wasn’t. Now I get a call from the school telling me he’s not there.” She sniffed loudly, looking away. “I don’t know. Maybe I’m overreacting. Maybe he’s with Ned. I should give Ned’s mom a call -”
Steve still didn’t quite understand how the arc reactor worked or how he had invented it, and it was clear that SHIELD was a little fuzzy on the details as well. Clearly, Tony had worked hard to prevent the full story from becoming public. At least now Steve knew that he had been right not to ask about the arc reactor - he doubted Tony would enjoy discussing the time he spent kidnapped in Afghanistan.
“And that guy’s paparazzi,” said Tony.
“I know,” said Steve softly. “I’m sorry, too. I should have told you about Bucky and your parents. I should have been less stubborn. We’ve all made mistakes.” He noticed that Tony’s hand was shaking, so he put his hand over it and held tight. “We’re together now,” he said, his voice stronger than before. “Let’s make it count.”
It was a good plan.
A puzzle was coming together in Tony’s head, and it was forming a picture that he did not like. At all.
Bruce shook his head, expression tense as he said flatly, “It’s on the news.”
“Clint is alive. He’s alone. His family, they’re - they’re just gone. I called Scott, too. He vanished,” she continued, and the numbers just kept adding up; the toll just kept getting bigger and every name on the list felt like a blow to the stomach. “His daughter is fine, though. She’s with her mom and step-dad.”
“Those two? Definitely secret agents,” said Tony confidently about two businesslike men in suits, each holding a briefcase as they walked by. “You can tell by the cheap ties,” he said in a stage whisper.
had this microscope stolen from me the other day. It was a microscope used for nanotechnology. Isn’t that weird, Peter?”
Peter ignored him. “I’m not saying I need to be warm and cozy all the time, although that would be nice, but maybe if we made the suit out of a material that conducts electricity, we could heat it up -”
The man’s face broke into a friendly smile. On second thought, he looked a little too unkempt to be Jesus. Not that Peter really had a good idea of what Jesus would look like in person.
Call it motherly instinct, or maybe she was just paranoid, but before going to bed around eleven that night, she decided to check on Peter one more time. Something about him seemed off today. Of course, he had bad days just like any other sixteen-year-old. He just usually didn’t internalize his emotions like this. Peter wouldn’t always open up to her, but sometimes she would hear him talking to Ned on Facetime or know he was texting MJ from the way he was glued to his phone. Tonight, it seemed like he was cutting everyone off. It worried her.
Before Tony could fully process that, Steve placed a gentle kiss on his hand and straightened. Pepper was back. It was time.
Steve snorted. “They’re dating, but they don’t know it yet.” He indicated a teenage couple strolling through the park, each holding a coffee in one hand and their cell phone in the other.
Steve wasn’t naïve enough to think that Tony wasn’t fishing for information with that one. He was equal unsubtle in changing the subject. He nodded toward a young woman with blue hair. “She wants to be an artist, but her parents want her to go to law school.”
Steve nodded. “We need to get Peter back.” There was no hint of hesitation in his voice. He was committed to MJ’s plan.
“I am Groot,” piped up the tree, crossing its arms. Or - its branches. Peter was really going crazy here. Was no one else seeing this?
“Tony?” Steve said, low and uncertain. “Peter - he’s -”
Then Tony’s phone rang.
Peter’s visits were more focused on his suit nowadays than his actual health, which Tony frequently reminded him could change drastically at any moment. Tony didn’t worry constantly about Peter, but it was a near thing. He was keenly aware that Peter’s powers could still prove to be temporary or some kind of biochemical fluke. That was why he steered Peter toward Bruce’s lab even as Peter started listing things he had questions about.
He had never been particularly good at routine. Even in the Army, things changed day to day. Steve liked to have a task or an assignment or something to accomplish, which is why he spent four hours a day at the gym, but it hardly helped. His “work” at SHIELD so far mostly consisted of catching up on what he had missed for the last 70 years, and feeling left out whenever he spoke to other agents, even the higher ups.
Steve just went, not asking why, and he didn’t even look surprised until Tony took him into the hallway and pushed him up against the wall.
Thor called her Valkyrie. She was a soldier of sorts, apparently. She ran into Thor’s arms as soon as she saw him, as relieved as he was to see a familiar face amid the destruction. She brought news from outside the galaxy. “It’s the same, everywhere,” she told them in hushed tones. “I left the Asgardians to help on Namir. We got word that Earth was impacted, and last I heard, that was where you were headed,” she nodded to Thor. “So I came here to see for myself whether you were alive.”
Tony was already leaning on the table for support, the hand clutching his phone shaking slightly as he dropped it to the table with a loud clatter. His horrified expression was mirrored by both Pepper and May. And on top of that, he was just as confused as he had been before the call.
do that,” he insisted. “I was just about to tell my boss to
W A K A N D A
“Mr. Stark! What, uh -” Peter crossed and uncrossed his arms, visibly uncomfortable.
Artwork by @bluepepperart on Tumblr.
Mantis reached out and touched his forehead. “You feel alive to me,” she said calmly.
“I get it, Tony,” said Steve, his voice earnest as he reached for his jacket. “I get it. I’m not going to tell anyone. You have my word on that.” He looked like he wanted to say something else, but he just shook his head. “Good night, Tony.”
“Now what, Cap?” His normally lighthearted tone was uncertain, scared. It unsettled something deep within Steve to hear that. Rhodey was always so steady, calm even in the worst situations, a military man like himself. This day changed everything. Nothing would ever be the same after this.
He was stuck there with a strong, sticky-looking substance. Tony took his glasses off. It looked like -
They both glanced over to the corner, where Tony had set up a small bed for the sleeping black and white kitten.
at once was overwhelming, immeasurable. His mind couldn’t process what he’d just seen. Bucky, gone. T’Challa, gone. Sam. Wanda. There one moment, gone the next.
Why today, why them, why this way? Why did he sacrifice himself in one war only to live to see another day of senseless destruction? What was the point of it all?
The silence sent a shiver down her spine. “Peter?” She called again, knocking a little louder in case he was wearing headphones.
The only one who seemed entirely on board with the plan was Rocket, who immediately volunteered to be Thor’s tour guide in space again since he had so many connections. Valkyrie had little to say to any of them, but they assumed she was going along with Thor’s plan because she seemed to be busy packing her spaceship. (Tony did catch her one night in the kitchen drinking straight out of a bottle of vodka, though, so he knew they weren’t the only ones with doubts about the plan.)
“Okay,” May said to herself as she crossed the room to close the window, “don’t panic, May, just don’t panic.”
Luckily, they were by themselves; it seemed that people were lingering at the party. Tony was feeling impulsive. As soon as he pressed the button for his floor, he turned to Steve, planning to pick up right where he left off. Then, the elevator doors closed and much to Tony’s surprise, Steve grabbed
Across the street and to the right, then. Tony crossed as soon as the light turned green, but even as he hurried across the next street, Steve was nowhere in sight. And - “This is Central Park,” he muttered to himself. “JARVIS, check the cameras."
They had just reached the elevator when an all-too-familiar voice said, “Pep, they don’t want to hear about that. Tell them about the particle accelerator instead.”
“You’re right,” said MJ, sliding smoothly in between Tony and Steve to interrupt their staring contest. She looked between them. “You both have a lot of explaining to do. Later. After we find Peter. Here’s the plan,” she began, and all of the adults glanced at each other before collectively deciding to listen. “Steve is going to go get Peter. While he’s doing that, Tony is going to distract Osborn by accusing him publicly of creating Spider-Man. Call him out. Literally. Tell the world that he’s a liar, and that if he wants to prove that it wasn’t him who created and kidnapped Spider-Man, then he needs to publicly come out and say it. Use his own tactics against him. Meanwhile, Steve will rescue Peter, and then we can prove that Osborn kidnapped Spider-Man.”
Peter could see him sitting alone a short distance away. Like with everybody else, sometimes Loki appeared to be just a few yards away, while at other times Peter would look up and barely be able to see him. The dimensions of space and time were different here. If it weren’t so terrifying, Peter might have been fascinated by the physics of it. As it was, he could only wonder if there was any way for them to get out of here.
Usually, it was Pepper who noticed when Tony was about to have a panic attack, but she was in another room on the phone. May was deep in discussion with MJ, and Tony’s throat was closing.
Wanda had been growing increasingly worried as Strange spoke.
They drifted off into groups, and again, Peter felt like some of them faded away more than others. It was as if they were present, yet unreachable. He found himself talking to Bucky, Sam, and Wanda. He had a million questions, and they gave few answers.
Tony didn’t expect such a simple statement to cause a lump to form in his throat. It was just so rare for someone to acknowledge that Tony had been through anything. He was rich, arrogant, obnoxious, smart… most people couldn’t comprehend that there was anything he could possibly lack, or want. All he wanted was normalcy. Sure, he liked attention, but not like this. Right now, with Peter missing and things falling apart around him, Tony wished more than anything that he was just a normal person. Just a normal CEO, even, with a normal intern kid. That was why he relished those moments with Peter in the lab so much: for a while there, it almost felt normal.
Loki was a patient listener. He let Peter ramble on about Dr. Strange and Banner and Tony, and going to other planets, and meeting the Guardians of the Galaxy, and finally, encountering Thanos. He was most interested in the part where Tony was dying and Strange exchanged the Time Stone for his life. Like Peter, he seemed to find it unusual.
Steve made up his mind as Tony actually shouted out. For a moment, he wondered if Tony could possibly be awake, if he was hallucinating or having some kind of anxiety attack. But when Steve opened the door, he saw Tony tangled in the sheets, bare chest glistening with sweat, eyes screwed shut as he tried to fend off the demons in his mind.
“Technically, yes,” said Nebula, “which is why the location of the Soul Stone is such a closely guarded secret.” She tilted her head. Her dark eyes and expressionless face made her seem emotionless, telling them the logical truth even though it was painful to hear it. “What I’m telling you is that one sacrificed soul could save half the universe.”
(Later that day, Tony called Pepper to make sure Steve was invited. If he waited to do this until Peter was gone so that he didn’t have to see the knowing smirk on the kid’s face, no one had to know.)
“Hey! I’ve been looking for you everywhere,” the teenager said before the doors had even closed behind him. “What are you doing on this floor? There’s nothing cool on this floor. Honestly, I’m surprised you’re even awake. Everyone I talked to said you would be asleep or working but when I checked your workshop you weren’t there, so I asked JARVIS and he told me you were here. Anyway, I wanted to talk to you about my new suit,” said Peter finally, excitement bright in his gaze. It was a wonder that he wasn’t out of breath from saying so many words so quickly, Tony thought.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Peter?!” MJ’s voice distracted him for a second, and it also distracted one of the spiders enough for her to use the chair she was holding - which was bigger than the chair he'd had; where did she even get that - to kill the spider in front of her. “Ugh, gross,” she said upon seeing the two dead ones. “Where did these even come from? I think they're radioactive.”
“Did you know that my dad looked for Captain America every year after he disappeared?” Tony asked him. He didn’t wait for an answer before adding, “Which means he looked for Captain America more often than he remembered my birthday, come to think of it.” He hid this heart-wrenching statement under a wry smile, like he found it amusing rather than bothersome. Steve suspected that this was a practiced look.
“Really?” Tony asked, pulling one of said test tubes from his pocket. It was full of some blue-ish liquid. “Because I found this in your room.”
“You said to come home,” Peter mumbled. He was already starting to heal, Tony noticed. Underneath the layer of dirt and soot he had accumulated in the fall, the cuts and bruises were quickly fading away. While Tony was grateful for Peter’s spidey healing powers, he also worried that they meant the kid would never learn to avoid moments like this, because there weren’t really any consequences. It wasn’t that Tony wanted the kid to suffer, just - he needed to learn when to stay away from danger.
“I ended up here… shall we say… on the way to death.” Loki took a deep breath, and it seemed to rattle his entire frame. “There’s no telling how long I’ll be able to stay.”
It all came together pretty quickly after that.
“You can’t fly there. Someone will see,” said Pepper a little more gently.
Loki glanced at him curiously, then continued explaining to the group at large.
Sam crossed his arms, looking unimpressed.
Tony could not believe this was happening. “That’s impossible. Unless -”
N E W    Y O R K    C I T Y
Pepper looked up along with all of the interns to see Tony, who had appeared as if right on cue. “I already did,” she said, her tone pleasant but clipped.
Steve recognized it from his past as an army prop, when he would spend long days performing for crowds and feeling like a circus monkey half the time. He knew how it felt to be exhausted and wired at the same time. It was hard to constantly put on a smile. To be surrounded by people who thought you were something you were not.
Pepper’s smile grew even brighter. “It was actually his idea to invite you,” she said. “And I’m
“Right, right, good point, and I thought of that, so it would also have to be waterproof, and I don’t know what material would do that.”
Natasha’s face was pale and her voice was less steady as she abruptly walked away, repeating, “I’m going to call Clint.”
“I won’t,” Tony promised softly, unable to stay mad at him for long. “Come on, you can spend the rest of the night at the Tower. I’m guessing you told May you were sleeping over at Ned’s?” Peter nodded, and Tony rolled his eyes. “Well, you’re coming with me and we are getting you to school on time in the morning. Don’t whine to me about it when you’re exhausted in class tomorrow.”
“This place is endless. I’ve explored it for weeks now and have yet to discover its limits, if they exist. Occasionally I would stumble across others, but now it’s positively crowded in here.” The others looked around, but no one else seemed to be present. Loki frowned. “Some of the others that I saw… they...
“There you are!”
He found himself face-to-face with Tony, holding Steve’s forgotten jacket. His expression was blank, unreadable, dangerous. He hung up on Coulson without listening to his reply, and ignored his phone when it started buzzing again. He didn’t dare let his gaze waver from Tony’s in that moment. It was clear that he had heard everything. And it sounded bad.
It was only a suspicion. It started one day when Pepper pulled Tony out of the workshop so he could sign a few things, and when he came back, Peter pulled his hand out of a drawer so fast that he hit it on the table. Seriously, Tony was going to have to start keeping ice packs nearby just for Peter. His suspicion solidified into an actual concern later that week.
“No,” said Steve. He had a not-great feeling about this, but that was to be expected. Half of the population just disappeared from the Earth. Nothing about this was going to feel right, or good, or okay. “Okoye can lead from here. I’m going to find out if Tony and Peter are still alive, and who they were with, and if there’s anyone else out there left who can fight. In the meantime, Thor can search the galaxies. Reach out to his friends, find out what they know, what’s happening on other planets. We’re all in this together now. We gather as much information as we can.” He said it aloud as he realized it: “Today may seem hopeless, but what it gave us was time. It’s not a race to the Infinity stones anymore. I’d like to get it done sooner rather than later, but the mission has changed. We gather who’s left. We find out how to defeat him. And then we rid the universe of Thanos once and for all.”
Maybe if he was younger, Tony would have been more excited about it. After all, he had once been notorious for drinking and flirting shamelessly throughout the night, ignoring the cameras and boasting the next morning that the trashy pictures of him only proved that he’d had the most fun. People had laughed. Looking back, though, it just seemed kind of sad. Tony’s partying habits had been fueled partly by arrogance, mostly by low self-esteem and a lingering need to prove himself, to show off, that had never quite faded from his childhood.
No matter how many times Tony tried to convince Pepper and himself that Peter was
“Who are you, Steve Carter?” Tony asked. His tone was conversational, but the question was like a bucket of ice being poured over Steve’s head. Maybe he was being paranoid, but he got the distinct impression that Tony was onto him.
know,” Peter began angrily, angling himself toward Tony with a finger pointed at him, “that you are in denial about him. He’s a good person, okay? I know you don’t trust him -”
know that Steve wouldn’t do anything to hurt Peter. How could he, after what he’d just heard?
decided not to worry about this. Now he couldn’t stop wondering what this weirdly handsome journalist wanted with his son. (Uh, his intern. Whatever.) He put his head in his hands. “This really cannot be good.”
No response.
“Hey, what do guys you think Steve and Tony are doing right now?”
Tony just shook his head. “I have no idea. I think she can read minds and she just hasn’t told me yet.”
Most of them just looked starstruck. At Pepper’s pointed glare, Tony finally dropped the act and said, “Well, kids, have a good time. The chocolate waterfall is on the tenth floor. Don’t fall in.” Tony intentionally brushed by Pepper before he left. “I really could build a rocket launcher, you know," he said so only she could hear.
“They haven’t been in since last week,” Tony realized as he said it. The atomic force microscope wasn’t the most expensive thing in the lab, but it was an oddly specific item for someone to take. It was the only microscope that had nanometer-level visuals. There were only a handful of people who would know how to use it, and fewer still doing experiments that would require one. “But -”
Tony didn’t usually handle the interns. He hadn't really been impressed with the selection of teenagers thus far. Most of them just gaped at all of the lab equipment and had no idea how to use it. Even the microscopes, once. Who didn't know how to use a microscope? When Pepper explained that the whole point of the internship was for them to learn something from it, Tony scoffed and decided to let Bruce handle the baby scientists from now on.
Three months had passed since Peter became Spider-Man and Peter’s prolonged “internship” had ended, but Peter still came to the Tower a few times a week just to hang out or ask questions or modify the suit.
May didn’t get any sleep at all that night.
“Well, you only left out about 70 years,” said Tony, sounding way more casual than he felt. He felt like his heart was going to jump right out of his chest, and he didn’t even have a functioning heart, so the feeling was disconcerting.
Loki perked up, suddenly curious.
Natasha interrupted his thoughts, back from her call. Her voice was heavy with emotion, but she still managed to report to him as if it were just another mission.
This turned out to be a mistake. It was getting late, and as Peter walked along the sidewalk, which was mostly abandoned, he became aware that he was being followed. His spidey senses alerted him before he heard them coming. Multiple people. Heavy footsteps. A few guys, then. They were probably the ones whose fight he had interrupted earlier. Or maybe he was being paranoid, and it was just someone walking home. Either way, he ought to get off the streets anyway. If he stayed out much later, May would get suspicious.
The problem was that he couldn’t stop thinking about Tony kissing him, and he couldn’t get the image of Peter looking so vulnerable out of his head. Steve felt a sudden surge of protectiveness over both of them. Who was SHIELD to pry into their lives, anyway? As far as Steve could tell, Peter was a good kid, and Tony wasn’t doing anything suspect. Not for the first time, Steve wondered about Fury’s ulterior motives in sending him here. Steve didn’t believe for a second that Peter was the dangerous vigilante that the papers made him out to be - he was just a teenager playing superhero. And Steve didn’t know the whole story, but he suspected that Fury’s hunch was right, and Peter’s powers developed after the spider incident at MIT. That meant that Peter had only had powers for a few months. He was probably still trying to figure things out.
“It’s a place to start,” Steve agreed. It wasn’t much of a plan: Find Tony, and hope he had answers. And if he didn’t have answers, then what? Panic together?
“Hey, Mr. Stark?” They both froze and Tony’s blood ran cold.
from SHIELD. The line between his undercover personality and his real personality was starting to blur.
Peter wrinkled his nose as Steve and Tony leaned in for a chaste kiss. “Ew! C’mon, guys.”
Tony didn’t approve of Peter going out to fight crime, but Peter kept doing it anyway. The kid was ridiculously stubborn. Eventually, they came to a compromise: When Peter went out, he had to tell Tony. That way, Tony could either be there in the Iron Man suit, or if he was out of town, he could send one of the suits and operate it remotely. He preferred to be there in person, but he did what he could. Peter complained that it was like having a babysitter, but he stopped complaining after Iron Man saved his neck more than a few times.
Now, he realized he’d made a mistake in skipping the rest. He found himself glued to the description of Tony’s early life:
Tony felt strung out and exhausted, physically and emotionally, but also restless. He wanted to get in the suit and start searching for Peter, but Pepper had stopped him with a reminder that if he was seen, people would want to know why, and it would only draw more attention to the situation. She suggested that instead, they approach it logically and call the police, try to narrow down where Peter could be, and then go from there. Tony wasn’t pleased with this course of action, but he knew they weren’t going to get anywhere while May was still upset, so he decided it was worth the time to calm her down and make sure they had all their facts straight.
“Until we showed up in it,” said Wanda flatly, and Strange nodded.
He cleared his throat when Steve didn’t move, and that cued Steve onto the fact that he should actually go. He was halfway to the door when Tony said, kind of hating himself for it, “This stays out of your story.”
Ignoring the part about the cat, MJ frowned. “Peter’s never sick,” she said as the thought occurred to her. That was another strange thing about him: He was annoyingly healthy. Somehow, Peter found the time to work out in between studying for hours on end, his Stark internship, and playing Legos with Ned every other day.
“What’s going on?” Quill was the first to speak up, never one for a long silence. “Are we dead?”
“Which almost makes up for the carbon footprint of that flying monstrosity of yours,” MJ added. “Anyway, we have to go learn about something that might actually affect us in the future. Bye, Flash.”
“Wait,” Peter interrupted, his mind racing to a conclusion he didn’t like at all. “You said that Steve and Tony were imperative to this outcome. The outcome where we win.” He felt Sam and Bucky shifting beside him.
He pushed the car with his tiny hand and it stopped at someone feet. Fear curled in his stomach, he knew whose foot that was. “I thought I told you to focus on your study!” a voice growled.
“Shut up!” Howard growled. “I could do whatever the hell I like! Don’t forget who paid for everything around here!”
This couldn’t be real. Yet it was too much to be a simple coincidence. The more he looked at the painting, the more he couldn’t deny the truth. And as much as he wanted to destroy the paintings, he found he couldn’t part with it.
Tony asked himself the same question every day. More than anyone, he knew he had a lot of glaring character flaws underneath his armor but he put on airs of arrogance and made everyone believed what he wanted them to believe regarding himself -what the media always thought of him. It was a perfect defence mechanism.
He needed to go somewhere and cleared his head so he decided to go on a road trip. Being raised poor, he never had enough money to explore America, when he became Captain America he finally had the means to but he had been too busy fighting the war. Ironically when the America he knew had changed so much that he finally had the chance to explore it.
“Anyone who thinks Howard Stark was a good man was either didn’t know shit about him, a huge liar or fucking stupid. All Howard ever cared about was himself and his legacy.”
Tony 30 years old (today)
Tony stepped forward to engage but barely got the chance to try punching Thor. Thor’s face suddenly turned vicious and he swung the hammer onto Tony’s faceplate hard, blowing Iron Man backward. Tony landed directly on top of Steve as the two of them collapsed to the floor.
It had been a few weeks since Steve started living in the Tower. Just as he expected Tony had been nothing but civil and professional toward him. It was actually kind of annoying but Steve understood it would take a lot for Tony to relax around him.
Steve hadn’t known what to expect, hadn’t given it much thought to anything beyond meeting-his-soul-mate. But he had expected something like relief or happiness or something more from Tony. Even from inside the suit of armor, Tony must have felt the pull since Steve did…
Steve started forward, a wave of visceral, animal pooled low in his stomach like the urge to vomit. The instinct to put the arrogant bastard in his place. "Put on the suit." His canine elongated voice thick with anger, blue eyes spat fire. They stood toe to toe; neither was giving an inch.
Panted lightly, Steve rose up on one knee slowly, feigning injury to catch the smug jerk off guard by letting him think he had won.
"No way!" Steve barked across the comm "If that thing gets up to speed with you in it, you would get shred!"
Tony file should be thicker than the one Steve is reading but Tony hack into Shield and make sure erase every evident of Howard’s and Maria’s abuse of him like 2 year ago…and of course Fury couldn’t prove jack squat so he just tighten the security
“He’s not slowing down.” Thor remarked gravely next to him and began swinging his hammer round in preparation to take off. Steve had that feeling again, the same one he had as he watched Bucky fell to his death, that feeling of helplessness. It was like an Ice Giant had reached in and dug out his heart
For a second Tony’s composure broke and he was moving with half-desperate, nervous energy, looking at Steve like the only thing he wanted was for him to be happy, and Steve... had to use all his will power not to just grab him and kiss him.
EXT. STUTTGART MUSEUM ¬ NIGHT
‘NO, you didn’t Steve, you just thought you did cause the bond was fucking with your brain just like it fucking with mine.’ Tony thought. “Well, I didn’t!” Tony retorted, he felt pain with every heartbeat for even uttered this.
"Yeah," Steve replied, a little crestfallen.  It was obvious that Tony wasn't thrilled about it, and was probably here just because their teammate had wanted a repeat of the activity.
He closes his eyes and drifts for awhile until the chill picks up and he's forced to exit the tent, gathering a pile of sticks and setting it aflame with his lighter. Brushing teeth, check – he's kept up his oral hygiene, even though it's not very necessary in his solitude; he gargles with the barest amount of water from his canteen and then curls back up in the tent again, zipping the flaps halfway shut.
Abruptly, Tony remembered that before Peter told him about Spider-Man, he noticed something was off because Peter was being unusually quiet.
“Are you being bribed by Oscorp to do this?” Tony wondered aloud.
“I’m fine,” Peter mumbled stubbornly. “It’s just a few cuts and bruises -”
Ignoring that, Nebula continued, “Theoretically, then, Gamora is still in that limbo. Caught between worlds. If someone
“Peter was with him,” said Bruce. An ominous silence followed this statement. They had no way to contact either of them. They were only two team members, but they desperately needed them.
“Yeah, good job,” said Tony dryly. “Now, you just have a kitten you can’t explain to anybody.”
A few days later, Steve put on a pair of glasses that he didn’t need, a tie he didn’t particularly like, and an unfamiliar camera around his neck. He wasn’t even sure that was necessary; he’d read that a lot of journalists, especially local ones, just used their phones nowadays. But he had to admit that when he looked in the mirror, it made him look more professional.
“You know what the best part about this is?” MJ said conversationally as she, Pepper, May, and Tony watched it all. “Stupid Flash just lost his job.”
(See the end of the chapter for
As Nebula told her sordid tale, Tony started shifting uncomfortably beside Steve. At first, Steve chalked it up to lingering trauma, but he glanced over to find an all-too-familiar expression on Tony’s face: He had clearly stopped listening to the story a while ago, his gaze distant. Steve could practically hear gears whirring in his head. It warmed his heart a bit to see Tony back to his normal self, even just for a moment.
It sounded like an impossible problem, but wasn’t that why the Avengers existed? It was quickly agreed upon that Shuri, Banner, and Tony - their top minds - would work on finding a way to discover the Soul World while Thor, Rocket, and Valkyrie searched the skies for Thanos. Steve was left in a sort of awkward supervisory role, continuing to communicate with Clint and Natasha in New York while keeping an eye on everyone in Wakanda.
“But,” Peter pointed out suddenly, “there would be one less adorable kitten in the world if I had gone home. So it’s a good thing I didn’t.”
Flash was already booking it to the stairway, the coward. Peter turned to MJ, triumphant, when all of a sudden her face fell and a new voice joined the fray.
Five minutes later, they were watching the news with various expressions of dismay.
A few days after that, the super hearing kicked in. That was the worst part. Peter showed up at Stark Tower in the middle of the night, panicking because he could hear everything from blaring sirens in the street below to whispers a hundred miles away. Tony didn’t know what else to do, so he gave him a pair of noise-cancelling headphones. That seemed to help, but it was a temporary relief from a problem that wasn't going away.
“My dad worked with the Army,” Tony said, kind of randomly. It was the first time he’d mentioned Howard in front of Steve. It felt significant, even in this crowded room surrounded by party-goers. “Making weapons, and stuff.”
“We have to find him first,” May reminded them, sniffing. “This is awful.” Pepper sat next to her and put a comforting arm around her shoulders.
Steve always looked handsome, but he was stunning in a suit. Glasses removed, like that made a difference - Tony would have thought he looked amazing either way, but somehow he seemed more
Pepper took a deep breath, ignoring the sudden burst of excited chatter as they finally stepped inside the elevator. She noticed that Michelle was the only one who still looked bored. It was as if she, too, did not have time for Tony Stark’s antics when they were on a schedule.
MJ didn't even flinch; she just wrinkled her nose at the dead mutant spider on the ground. “Those things really are disgusting.”
“You know that’s not why I’m mad.” Tony finally closed the first aid kit and took a look at Peter. His arm was coated in band-aids, he had gauze covering a burn on his forehead, and his hair was flying in all directions. He looked like a small, spider-y mad scientist. “I understand that the kitten needed to be rescued. What I don’t understand is why you took a flying leap out of a burning building into a tree.”
, but also holding a notebook and a camera and looking distinctly like a reporter. Exactly the kind of person who needed to stay as far away from Peter as physically possible.
It was an understatement: Tony was still shaking and sweating, sitting up now but looking the worse for wear. He had dark circles under his eyes; clearly he hadn’t gotten any sleep since being on that planet. He didn’t seem to realize it, but he was clutching Steve’s hand like a lifeline.
“Stark, did you borrow some of my lab equipment?” Bruce was frowning, which was never good, but he didn’t look green around the edges, just confused.
“Don’t… don’t do that,” said Loki awkwardly as Peter wiped at his eyes, embarrassed. “There, now… I’m sure they’ll figure it out soon.”
the screen read in blinking letters.
It was Captain America’s uniform, but as the hero helped Peter to his feet, he noticed that he looked awfully familiar.
“Who are these people?” Drax asked again, to no one in particular. “What is this man talking about? The Soul World? Spider-Boy? Is this a riddle?” Quill started to quietly explain to him what was going on while Mantis sighed.
It was a beautiful day, sunny and warm, and that meant that New Yorkers were taking their lunch breaks outside. Tony quickly realized that it was nearly impossible to follow someone on the sidewalk in the city. Tony briefly lost sight of Steve about eight times, only to find his blue hat again in the crowd up ahead.
“Actually, if it sucked, we would be in a black hole,” said Drax. “And by now, our bodies would have been ripped apart limb by limb.” He laughed as if this were a great joke that no one else was in on.
Except he wasn’t Steve the Reporter. He was Captain fucking America.
Worst of all, what if Tony was completely wrong and Peter was right, and Steve was just a nice guy trying to do his job?
On day six of hell, Natasha called.
“May,” said Tony, pushing aside his own panic because it wasn’t going to help right now. He swallowed down his fear and anxiety, gently took her by the shoulders, and looked her in the eye. “Peter isn’t with Ned. You might want to sit down for this.”
“It’s not ideal,” started Tony.
They didn’t have more time to mull it over, though, because Dr. Strange had suddenly reappeared. This time, he was accompanied by a tall, pale man with long black hair. The man looked pained, hunched over on himself, his face and throat both darkened by bruises. He almost seemed to be physically fading away, like a ghost. As if only most of him made it to the Soul World.
Pepper was starting to look nervous. “Well, the workshops should still be interesting,” she said uncomfortably. “I can make sure you're not in any with him if it's going to be a problem.”
As soon as he was physically able, Tony demanded that Steve bring him to Wakanda so that he could see the makeshift headquarters they had set up there. Steve knew that Tony just needed something to work on, something to
“Thank me later. We need to get out of here.” MJ grabbed his arm and insistently tugged him toward the stairs. They were almost to the door when they heard someone cry out, “Hey, wait! Help!” They both turned to see Flash on the far side of the room, cowering behind a chair that was doing very little to protect him from an oncoming spider.
how responsible and smart you are, and how much we appreciate having you. I might even be able to put in a good word with MIT next year, if you’re interested.” He dropped a wink in May’s direction.
“Bucky,” said the man. That made more sense. Peter saw a glint of silver and noticed his metal arm. Definitely not Jesus. The real arm was the one that reached out to help Peter stand up.
on the back. “That’s your key,” said Fury. “Use it to open whatever doors you need until we get to the bottom of this.”
a huge nerd,” Tony reminded him, and when Peter raised an eyebrow he rushed to add, “Nothing wrong with that, of course. Are you sure he didn’t mention Oscorp at all? Nothing about MIT or spiders or -”
They started to make their way back to the elevator, Pepper chattering away about the breakthrough science happening at Stark Industries due to their multi-million dollar lab facilities and the genius at the helm of R&D, Tony Stark himself (she always had to stop herself from rolling her eyes at that part, but it was in the script).
“They could hurt Peter if they find out you’re searching for him instead of making the announcement and paying the ransom,” Bruce pointed out.
Still smiling in an infuriatingly pretty way, the reporter holds out a valid-looking ID. Tony actually has no clue what real press credentials look like, so he just says, “I don’t like being handed things.”
“No,” Peter insisted. “Plus, even if he did mention it, I wouldn’t have just told him I’m Spider-Man.” They both glanced around when he said that aloud even though there was no one else there. Peter lowered his voice a bit anyway. “I’m not going to give away any secrets, Mr. Stark. They’re my secrets, remember? I don’t exactly want anything suspicious in the newspaper. I won’t tell him."
Tony was about to announce his plan to storm Oscorp, find Peter, and burn the building slowly to the ground when Bruce walked into the office, clearly not expecting to find Pepper looking alarmed, Tony fuming, and Peter’s teary aunt.
N E W    Y O R K    C I T Y
Tony’s surprised gasp let Steve deepen the kiss, and for a few moments Tony forgot how to breathe altogether.
“Wait,” said Steve. “So doesn’t that mean that people who wanted it could keep sacrificing their loved ones to get the Stone?”
“My sister, Gamora,” she explained to them in her tinny voice, “is dead. Not in the Soul World like the others. Truly dead. Thanos killed her before all this happened.”
Peter’s face flushed. He was perched on the lab bench, and he kicked his feet out like a little kid as he spoke. “I ran out of web fluid.”
She was met with silence as the adults processed this.
“The one scenario where Thanos dies is the one where we also die? What’s even the point of that?” Quill demanded.
“Flash,” they said at the same time. When Pepper and Tony looked at them blankly, Peter added, “Flash Thompson. He's a kid from school. He has an internship at Oscorp.”
She would bet money that they had something to do with an experiment that Oscorp fucked up.
Peter was always a little nervous around him, but this was different. God help the kid if he ever got into a situation where he actually had to lie to someone.
“Alright, new suit,” Tony said finally, moving away from the balcony. “What about it?"
“Well, there is one way you could help,” he said with a careful glance to where Bucky and Sam stood with Wanda. There seemed to be a widening expanse between them. “Tell me what happened on Titan when you met Thanos. What do you know?”
Tony had almost forgotten that he was looking for someone when a voice said, “Oh, hey.”
lying to Tony. Why should Tony trust him?
Life was another thing. You couldn’t place a value on a life. There was no way to make sense of any of it, really - time, life, love, loss. It just happened, and whoever was left had to deal with it.
The thief was still wearing a ski mask, still holding the bag of precious jewelry, but he wasn’t getting away with this one. Someone had been kind enough to leave him for the cops, trapped and bound to the brick wall of the alley next to the jewelry store.
“I know my brother,” said Loki with his hands raised in innocence, “and I know the Stones. I still can’t help you get out of here, but I have an idea of what they’re trying back on Midgard.” He looked at them each carefully before adding, “I’ll tell you, but you’re not going to like it.”
"Because you funded most of it,” Pepper informed him. “Remember?”
W A K A N D A
“The timeline is suspicious to say the least,” said Fury, sliding a new folder across the desk to Steve. This one was thinner than Stark’s, full of pictures instead of documents. Each photo showed a different scene with the same two people: Iron Man and… someone else. A smaller blur, usually hard to see. In one photo there was a clear shot of his face. Well, his mask. It didn’t give any indication of the person’s identity. “The incident with the radioactive spiders at MIT happened in August. This guy,” he pointed to the blur, “emerged on the streets sometime in October. He calls himself Spider-Man. That’s not a coincidence.”
We've reached the end! This is a short, but hopefully satisfying chapter. After finally seeing Infinity War, I added an extra fluffy moment for Steve to comfort Tony, because Tony doesn’t get enough love. Plus -  spoiler alert - it has a happy ending. Enjoy.
“Peter?” She called. His light was still on, which meant he was up. “Peter, sweetie, I just wanted to make sure you’re okay. You’ve been awfully quiet today.”
Peter swallowed that statement with a certain amount of discomfort. He realized that Loki was probably right.
Peter had been annoyed at Tony when he came home, annoyed enough that he didn’t bother to tell Tony that he was going out tonight. As he swung through the streets of New York, he felt a similar rush as he felt during his first days of being Spider-Man. It was a little reckless, definitely dangerous, and so much fun. It felt like freedom. He understood that Tony was just trying to keep him safe, but it was stifling to have someone constantly looking after you and checking up on your every bump and bruise. Peter was
Which is why, that afternoon, Tony followed Steve out of Stark Tower after his interview with MJ.
Peter had been about to try moving, but instead he froze. The sound of muffled shouting reached his ears. It seemed to be coming from below him. He put his head to the ground and tried to focus, using his powers to concentrate on their individual voices.
Slowly, but in great detail, Tony told them what happened.
“Who are you?” Wanda asked suspiciously.
Tony was equally baffled. “Uh, no. I have a billion dollars and an entire workshop of my own. I don’t need to borrow your stuff.”
Pepper stopped typing to look at him. “The agenda,” she repeated flatly. “You have never, not once in the seven years that I have worked for you, asked about a schedule before. Are you feeling okay?” She didn’t give him time to answer before leveling him with a suspicious glare. “Is this about Steve?”
On Thursday morning, Tony slid across Pepper’s desk and perched on the end, swinging his feet like a little kid and holding a mug of steaming coffee.
“Are you suspicious of everyone?” Steve started to ask, and then his gaze followed Tony’s to a man with sunglasses on and a large camera aimed at them. He was actually trying to hide behind a shrub and failing completely. “We should go,” he said, turning toward Tony so that his body would at least partly obscure the man’s line of sight.
“Call the police, or call me,” said Tony. “And I told you, wear the headphones at night. Just white noise or whatever. It will help.” He couldn’t let this kid be tortured by the sounds of the city every night.
Almost no one appeared comforted by that statement. “Who is he?” Drax asked unhelpfully.
He answered honestly, “I have no idea.” There wasn’t time to figure it out just now, either. He stepped away from her. “JARVIS, I want to know every place Norman Osborne has been in the last year, every building and every warehouse he’s used, every place he has set foot in, even for a minute. Sort in order of distance from Peter’s apartment and we’ll go from there.”
“Oh,” Loki interrupted his thoughts as if he could read them. “Don’t feel guilty about it.”
Steve huffed a laugh as Tony waved down the bartender and ordered him something he had never heard of, and handed him the glass a second later. Steve’s metabolism wouldn’t allow him to get completely drunk, but when he took a sip of the drink, he thought he might be a little tipsy by the end of the night. He’d had every intention of obediently returning to talk to whoever Pepper wanted him to talk to, try and blend in, and hopefully enjoy himself a little bit, but Tony had other plans.
He always did have bad timing.
May was looking at him like he was insane, but Pepper actually jumped to her feet. “Yes, Oscorp released a new phone that was supposed to be for professionals, like a Blackberry but better. Only, there was some tech in it that made the charger hole open up and bite people.”
“They will either live or they will die,” Nebula unhelpfully confirmed.
Steve didn’t feel ready, and the thought still sent a chill down his spine: He was going undercover.
Peter flinched in anticipation of a blow, closing his eyes and turning away. But he felt nothing.
Forgive my twisty logic. Mostly written pre-Endgame so there's no canon to be found here.
“Kidnapped,” Bruce nodded.
Steve knew what she was saying. He had his reservations about reading Tony’s file, though. He managed to keep his curiosity at bay for about three days, and then he had lunch with Tony in the park, and – he had to know. He had to know if that version of Tony was the real one, or if that had all just been an elaborate con to make Steve think that – what? They could be friends? With the way that neither of them quite trusted each other and the fact that he was pretty sure Tony followed him to Central Park, it seemed unlikely. But Steve found that he wanted to get to know Tony Stark. There were more conventional ways he could do it, but he had a whole file of information at his fingertips.
The doors opened to reveal a group of anxiety-ridden teenagers waiting for their internship tour and interview. This time, though, Pepper didn’t mind so much.
He wanted to talk to Sam. He wanted to know what Wanda would say about this, if she had any idea how Infinity Stones worked or if there was a way to reverse this. He wanted Bucky back, but that was a pain so intimately familiar that it had already been reduced to a dull ache in his chest. He wanted T’Challa’s level-headed leadership at a time like this, when there seemed to be nothing left to do but beg or shout or cry.
“This is a terrible bedtime story,” muttered Tony, who seemed to have tuned back in.
As soon as they were alone, Peter hissed, “What are you doing here? Did you tell her -”
Peter took a deep breath so that his voice wouldn’t shake. His heart was beating uncomfortably fast.
Also, when the spiders got closer and she got a better look at the greenish glow they were giving off, she became pretty sure they were radioactive.
Steve’s smile widened, and he ducked his head. “Are you this suspicious of everybody?” He asked when he looked back at Tony. God, his eyes were blue. The way the sun was shining on his face at that angle – right, he was totally a corporate spy. A really good one. Very distracting.
Tony didn’t hesitate. He grabbed the front of Steve’s shirt and pinned him to the wall with all of the strength he could muster. Steve was taller than him, and bulkier, but Tony had the advantage of surprise and force of will. This was not the romantic way he had pictured pinning him up against the wall earlier. This was something – some protective rage – that Tony wasn’t sure he had ever felt before.
“I don’t mind,” Steve said casually. “As long as the headline labels me as a ‘hot blonde,’ I’m on board.”
all went missing from his lab in the last three days. You’re the only one who’s been in there besides him or me. Is there something you want to tell me, Parker?”
With Sam, Clint, Natasha, and Coulson to talk to, SHIELD suddenly felt less like a prison and more like someplace he could actually fit in. It didn’t take him very long to figure out that this had been Natasha’s plan all along. She also managed to convince Fury to let him out on assignments, something that made him feel alive again: getting to travel, fight crime, and stop bad guys. That was pretty much his thing, even in a new century, and it all helped to make him feel like he was actually making a new life here and not just existing day to day. He felt proud of the work he was doing. Things were going well.
Pepper clears her throat. “I checked his credentials earlier, Tony,” she said tightly. She turned to the reporter with another stunning smile. “Steve, why don’t you and Peter go down to my office? It’s much cozier there. Actually, Bruce, would you mind showing them the way? I need to speak with Tony for a second.”
But MJ had a theory about that.
“Jesus?” He asked sleepily.
“What the hell is that?” Another student asked, not daring to go as close as Peter had to see what was down below.
There were a thousand moments that could have gone differently, scenes playing on repeat in his head until his shield clattered to the cold ground and Tony was looking at him like he’d never seen him before. Steve was only pulled out of his thoughts when Sam or Bucky or Nat or T’Challa forced him to focus on something else. Eventually - after longer than he thought he would need - he started seeking them out on his own. Two years down the line, Tony was a bruise that he occasionally pressed on, just to remind himself that it was there, but it wasn’t something he thought about every day.
“We could use him in this fight.” Steve watched as Bruce tried to hide his surprise at this statement. “If we’re all that’s left, we’re going to need all the help we can get. Besides, I don’t know how much you know about defeating Thanos, but I’m not exactly an expert.” The thought scared him more than anything else: What if they just weren’t good enough? What if they couldn't find a way to defeat Thanos? What if it was too late; what if there was no way? Tony would have answers. Probably. Maybe. There was only one way to find out.
“They won’t find us,” said Osborn confidently, in a way that sent chills down Peter’s spine. “It’s too risky to move him, anyway. They’re more likely to see you if you move him. Just stay put and do as I say. I’ll be back in an hour.” With that, the door slammed shut, leaving Peter alone with his two bodyguards.
“Look, I know you want to help, but we might have some tough decisions to make here. That’s not your responsibility. Let us handle it. You… keep an eye on him.” He glanced toward Loki.
“Thanos used the Soul Stone to eliminate half the universe because it is the most difficult process to reverse.”
Scenario 2: Steve comes back, but as an elderly man,
moment had turned into a moment of reluctant appreciation for Steve’s talent. Tony felt like he was peering into Steve’s head. It was surprisingly intimate to get a glimpse of the way that someone else saw the world.
Before Peter could ask him about it, though, they were interrupted.
“Tony, don’t be ridiculous. Steve is not a corporate spy.” Pepper’s tone made it clear that she was done with this conversation already.
Something strange flickered across Bucky’s face at that, but he just said, “I don’t know, kid. It looks like some of us disappeared from Earth and ended up here.”
Pepper had a way of issuing commands without saying anything at all. It was a little scary, and very impressive. She pushed a small white envelope into his hands with a smile, which he tentatively returned. On the one hand, this would be a good opportunity to see Tony in action, and to see who showed up. If anything suspicious was going on, this would be a good chance to have a meetup without anybody noticing. On the other hand, Steve wasn’t sure how he felt about walking into a party with all of New York’s 21st century elites. It sort of made his skin crawl.
“How do we reverse it?” Steve knew he would probably regret asking.
He studied it for maybe a little bit too long. Today, when they were together, Steve had studiously kept his eyes off of it, not wanting to seem overly curious.
“Only the handsome ones,” said Tony as he casually sat down next to Steve like hanging out in Central Park was something they did every day. “Whatcha got there?” He asked, glancing over to Steve’s sketchbook.
“Unfortunately, there is little to be done from here, as far as I can tell,” said Strange.
“Because he’s not trustworthy,” Tony cut him off, but was ignored. He realized that Peter was mirroring the body language that
That Peter/Bucky "Jesus?" moment inspired by: https://kirschade.tumblr.com/post/174030124713
The 21st century was exciting. Fast-paced. Shiny and new.
Pepper could practically feel the anxiety radiating from the group of potential interns standing in front of her, glancing around nervously at the huge atrium in the lobby of Stark Industries. They were here for a brief tour, followed by individual interviews in her office to determine which two of them would actually make it. One of the new interns would work in the labs, and one would work in administration with Pepper. The lab intern was supposed to work directly for Tony, which meant they received hundreds of applications for the position, but seeing as the man was rarely spotted outside of his workshop, it was unlikely that they would even meet him. The interns usually ended up working with Dr. Bruce Banner instead, which was a less stressful but equally valuable experience as working for Tony.
He would just have to find his own way to help, then.
“Uh -” He started.
this way and less like the dedicated reporter who had been lingering around Stark Tower for weeks. Tony knew it was foolish to fall for the act; Steve was still a journalist and Tony was sure he’d be reporting anything story-worthy that happened tonight, but for just a second he wondered if things would be different if they’d met somewhere else. Somewhere like this, where no one was thinking about consequences. They could have met as strangers at this stupid party and maybe… maybe things would be different.
When Natasha introduced him to Phil Coulson, Steve was wary at first. Natasha told him that Coulson was her “handler” which meant that he was the agent in charge of sending her on missions. Even though Fury seemed like a decent guy, Steve was instantly skeptical of anyone who thought they had any semblance of control over Natasha Romanoff. As it turned out, Coulson was under no such illusions. That much became clear the instant he entered the room. Competence was written all over him - in his tailored suit, his calm expression, his almost bland facade - and Steve took his outstretched hand as the man smiled.
Steve have to do now, anyway? – "stuff on your plate. But I
He gently eases his legs off the table and stands gingerly, one hand on the table in case he collapses. After flexing his muscles and deciding he's okay to move, he walks over to his bag and rummages through the contents to make sure everything's in order. His weapons are missing – makes sense – but his wristwatch is still there, and so is his water.
They don't need to say anything; sunlight filters idly into the bedroom and catches on the edges of Tony's hair, turning it gold around the edges.  It looks like an aura, softening the edges of his body. To Steve, he is beautiful like this - open and vulnerable in the morning light, still pliable with sleep, eyes wide and brown with dark amber flecks.
"Hey, Cap," he says easily, eyes scanning the blonde up and down.  "I thought - I was waiting."
Tony's eyes ghost to the floor.  "No," he says quietly. "I was working.  I only had a little bit - it helps me focus when I'm anxious."
He spends time packing up a plate of leftover lasagna and a glass of milk and carries it down to the workshop, as dutiful as his mother raised him to be.  When he reaches the bottom of the stairs, he sees Tony through the glass wall of the shop, hammering a sheet of metal flat and looking open and relaxed. Sober and strong.
Tony, who had been just about to fork up a meatball, dropped his utensil with an ear splitting clang.  "What the hell, Rhodey?  You want him to give me that Disappointed Stare and then proceed to smash me into bits with that shield of his, don't you.  Didn't we just go over this?"
"Sure. Genius, engineer, playboy, futurist, whatever floats your boat."
"Thank you," he says instead, and hands over his plate. He wonders, as Steve's broad form disappears into the back of the kitchen where the dishwasher is, whether the man knows exactly what it is that Tony is thanking him for.
you.  You think you're so hard to love, but you're not.  A little difficult at times, but you.  Are a wonderful human being.  If I didn't see you as my little brother, I'd probably want to kiss you too."  He paused.  "Don't let that get to your head though.  Anyway, you're funny, and kind, and a sarcastic shit when you want to be, and you do things for people without expecting a 'thank you'.  You can be real stupid sometimes, I'd be the first one to tell you if you ever went wrong and you know it, but you have a heart of gold.  Honestly, I'd go so far as to say you're way too good for that blonde haired, blue eyed discount Thor."
it just wasn’t enough.
Loki remained within sight, but no one would go near him after he had given them the ominous news that they were all slowly fading away. Again.
Loki was fading fast, and the others were pretending not to care but Peter could tell that it concerned them. Even if they weren’t particularly fond of Loki, it was alarming to think that they were watching something that was about to happen to all of them.
Because about a month after Steve decided to cross the line keeping him away from Tony Stark, he was fighting him for his life in Siberia.
Slowly, Tony sat down as the wave of anxiety passed, landing on the couch. Steve knelt in front of him, never looking away or taking his hand off of his shoulder, a solid point of contact. Tony belatedly realized that Steve was also holding his wrist, checking to see if his pulse was back to normal. “Listen, Tony,” said Steve carefully once Tony seemed to have recovered. His gaze dropped to the arc reactor, then flickered back up. “I know you’ve been through a lot lately.”
The question made him want to hyperventilate and then run, just run as far away as he could get from all of this. Away from the people looking at him expectantly. Away from the pressure, away from the pain, away from the responsibility.
MJ was looking at him suspiciously, like she wasn’t sure whether or not she was in the right place, when she sighed, the action shifting her curly hair out of her face. “Peter’s missing,” she said abruptly, “and so is Spider-Man.”
Tony didn’t say anything as he watched Steve walk away.
“Okay. Well, thank you, Captain Steve.”
“Cool,” said Sam flatly.
“What are you doing here? With my aunt?” He added pointedly.
“Yes,” said Tony, slamming his hands down on the table and alarming everybody, “it was the tech that was supposed to make every call from their phones
Steve had been oddly quiet since Peter walked in; there was no exclamation of surprise or demand for answers. It was too late to make excuses and there was nothing Tony could say to convince Steve that Peter wasn’t Spider-Man. So. There was nothing he could do to stop this evening from being a complete and utter disaster. Earlier, Tony had just wanted to close the distance between them; now, the space felt cold and endless.
(See the end of the chapter for
There were some things in life that were incalculable. Time, for instance. You could count seconds, minutes, hours, days, but there was never enough of it. You couldn’t stop it, or change it. Well, maybe Strange could have. But he was gone now. Everyone was gone. Peter…. It was too painful to even contemplate.
Steve was, unfortunately, all too familiar with that line of thought.
“I think you’re going to be just fine,” said Loki in an oddly gentle tone. It was the first comforting thing Peter had heard in a while, and his surprise must have shown on his face.
