“Jack,” Cas says. He sounds like a proud father, and Dean grins stupidly again. “But this is his last act for us,” he adds, turning serious. “From now on, no script doctor.”
“You’re so annoying,” Cas mutters darkly. This catches Dean by surprise, and he stares at Cas in stupefaction for a brief moment. Cas catches him staring and smirks, clearly pleased with himself.
They’ve now reached the tree, and its trunk has a circumference greater than Dean’s wingspan. It’s not the kind of tree you can snap with bare hands, or even regular tools.
And Dean could tell from the way Cas explained that he’d been expecting this, that he’d had some inkling of Jack’s future impact on the cosmos—consciously or not. Which meant Cas had let himself die for Dean knowing also that his afterlife self could have gotten ripped up and blended along with all the others, lost to the ether until Jack had finished his sorting and careful restitching.
“You don’t have to apologize,” Cas answers, his voice right in Dean’s ear. Dean ducks away and starts hacking at the branches more urgently, determined to maintain a measure of distance between them. Even as he does so, part of him resists: he wants to feel Cas in his personal space, wants to feel Cas place his hand on Dean’s back as they move practically in tandem, a single motion instead of two. But he can’t do that, not when things are like this. And if he stays dead, and it was all pointless, then he’ll have all of eternity to make things right between him and Cas.
“Here,” Cas says. He draws an angel blade from the sleeve of his trench coat and offers it to Dean.
,” Cas muses. “I think Jack would have benefited from that show. I’m not sure how necessary multiple viewings of
Cas doesn’t react, though, either unfazed or so used to this offhand treatment that he doesn’t notice. He stays silent, and Dean can feel him watching as he hacks futilely at the tough bark of the silver tree.
“Jack isn’t God,” Cas says. He says it patiently but in a way that suggests this fact should be obvious, though to Dean it certainly is not.
Somehow this thought doesn’t comfort him.
“Hello, Bobby,” Cas says.
It hadn’t taken long for Cas to arrive, though every minute of uncertainty had only furthered Dean’s suspicion. He’d appeared beside Baby, and Dean had already gotten halfway to him before realizing his own apparent abandon. He’d gotten control of himself then, and remembered to be suspicious of Cas the same way he was of Bobby.
They continue in silence for some time, Dean thwacking branches out of his way with his hands and forearms, Cas dispelling the plants through strange hand gestures that must be much more interesting from the perspective of a wavelength of celestial intent or whatever Cas actually is up here.
“We’ll fix everything,” Cas says reassuringly, meeting Dean’s eyes. His gaze is intent and painfully earnest, the same open expression with which he’s always looked at Dean, and the intensity forces Dean to look away.
“Hello, Dean,” Cas says. Lightbulbs are still flashing and exploding above them, and Dean sees Cas’s outstretched wings in silhouette against the barn wall.
“We’re trying to thread the eye of a needle in a haystack the size of the universe,” Cas answers drily. “But if all goes according to plan, there are very few permutations that involve my permanent demise.”
“Got it, understood.” Sam nods, furrowing his brow. “Free will, huh,” he says. He looks like he’s going to say more, but one glance between Dean and Cas is enough of a signal for him to take his leave. “I’m gonna, uh,” he says. “Warm up the car,” he ends stupidly, already backing away. “Don’t ever do that again,” he adds sternly to Dean, swiping at his eyes as he retreats. Then he turns and quickly strides the rest of the way out, leaving Dean and Castiel alone in the barn.
Bobby gives another gruff nod as Dean passes, entering the building. Dean hears him say “Have fun in there, boys” as Cas shuts the door.
was to his formation.”
Cas is still staring out into the forest, squinting as if looking for something. “I don’t have the necessary words in any human language to convey to you what I see,” he answers mildly. “It’s the primordial stuff of all universes. Scarcely hewn, practically untouched.”
Dean can still hear Sam breathing shakily, feels him tightly clutching Dean as if worried he’ll dissipate. Dean squeezes Sammy back,
“Jack is still getting a handle on things, but obviously this is his top priority,” Cas answers. He lifts his chin slightly and it’s only after a moment that Dean realizes he’s gesturing for them to join Bobby on the porch. Obediently, Dean turns and continues in that direction.
“But I’ll see you, Cas,” Dean presses, because even though they’d hashed it out before he wants to be reassured once more. “Right?”
Dean smiles back, unable to help it. “Alright, maybe I am,” he concurs.
“You should not have done that, Dean,” Cas says warningly once he’s finished coughing. He wipes his mouth with the back of his palm. He looks wrung out, not unlike the way he’d looked when releasing the Leviathan, though Dean isn’t sure why he thinks of that now. Just one of many ways Dean had made Cas a fuck up, he supposes.
When they part, he says, “I won’t let you get to Heaven before Jack’s finished fixing it.”
The thick forest slowly gives way to a swampier atmosphere until they are wading in something thick and dark and not at all like water.
“Well, sue me for not expecting to get got by a vampire-mime,” Dean says. Behind the roadhouse, the forest is dense and dark, and Dean can sense the raw materiality of it. Far less craftsmanship here than out front, the lines are rushed and sloppy, the outline all but forgotten.
“Dean,” Cas says by way of response. He’s looking at Dean uncertainly, looking terrified. Dean remembers the expression he’d had the night Dean had first tried to get Cas laid. Dean was so stupid then.
“It’s okay, Dean.” Cas says it with such care and conviction that Dean knows he means it even though it’s nearly unfathomable. Cas places a hand on Dean’s shoulder—Dean privately revels in the familiar touch, feeling guilty as he does so.
“Alright, fine,” Cas says, petulant. Dean smiles at that but refuses to look back. It still hurts to face Cas fully, knowing how things had ended and with the other elephant still very much in the room. “Putting it in terms of the visual scenario you and Jack have provided, we are in this forest to find a particular tree, which will allow us to build a particular boat, on which we can sail back to the moment when Jack downgraded God, which will be—once again in analogical terms—like sewing a loop to stitch fabric. It will close the anomalous hole into which your timeline accidentally slipped, and this time you will hopefully avoid self-impalement on a rusted nail.” Cas says that last bit with a particularly sardonic bite, and Dean gets the feeling that there’s an unspoken threat buried in his words. Fair enough.
Dean had played his part with Bobby, but when the sheen of absurdity hadn’t worn off even after the piss-tasting beer, he’d decided to trust his gut. The stakes were awfully low if he was wrong, after all, because if he was then this would be Heaven.
“I really am sorry,” Dean says softly, still not looking at Cas. The forest has taken no time to devour them, the overgrowth of nature blocking out light. Dean feels more like he’s swimming in some dark, viscous ocean than hacking through a primordial forest. It’s strange and makes no sense, but Dean supposes that’s nothing new.
,” he glances pointedly at the massive tree, “with
Sam holds Dean more tightly, and Dean—closing his eyes now, impossibly tired—feels like it’s hastening the process, because he’s being jostled on the nail like a fish on a hook, but then Sam draws him further forward and Dean realizes he’s being pulled off the rebar. He hadn’t been alive for that last time, he’s certain, because it feels like the kind of thing Alistair would have done to him, and he’s certain he would have remembered this pain.
Castiel glanced at Gabriel, one corner of his mouth quirking up in a humorless half-smile.
The man opposite him sneered, his features twisting into something akin to incredulous exasperation.
“Castiel, what brings you here at this hour?”
A few pieces clicked together slowly in Castiel’s distracted mind. They had been right to guess an alternative breed of Djinn; this kind, it seemed, preyed on its victims’ insecurities and used them to craft situations in which those insecurities would be exploited so the Djinn could feed off—what? Shame, perhaps? Embarrassment?
He was startled into silence by the hysterical crack in his voice. His eyes felt prickly like he was about to cry, and goddammit he hadn’t meant to be such a drama queen about this.
Hannah giggled at his expense, but Castiel had already dismissed his mother’s familiar sarcasm in favor of turning her first few words over and over in his mind. Though the knot of guilt in his chest had temporarily loosened, a different kind of anxiety was quickly rising to take its place.
The longer they talked, the more bewildered Castiel became. He scrutinized Dean’s face for helpful clues in the scant light coming through the window a few steps away, but neither the bright red flush he wore nor the pleading, guilty look in his eyes were forthcoming.
And yet, here he was, thwarted by a lock he couldn’t pick. Dean found it immensely funny.
A few minutes later found his jaw aching from keeping the chattering at bay, and his fingers felt numb and slow to respond. He set the binoculars in his lap to blow warm air across his fingers briefly.
Maybe not.
“I’m sorry, Dean.”
know, and Dean felt sick to his stomach because he couldn’t remember the last time he had contacted Cas for something besides information or backup.
(See the end of the chapter for
Fierce blue eyes stared challengingly out at the crowd, daring any of them to underestimate him. He seemed entirely unconcerned by his nakedness, was even now flexing and tugging at the restraints around his hands and curling his lip in a sneer as he surveyed the room. The chain extending from the thick collar around his neck to Meg’s hand rattled as Castiel twisted. He looked coiled tight, like a storm threatening to break.
Hannah sat in front of the fire, curled comfortably on a plush chaise longue, her usual daywear replaced by a simple, lightweight sleeping frock. It was the least dressed Castiel had ever seen her and for a moment he worried that she might think his presence improper, but Hannah’s relaxed posture and lack of attempt to further conceal herself suggested otherwise.
this.
Dean swiveled his hips in a provocative grind and Castiel didn’t bother tempering the upwards snap of his hips. Both of them were well beyond any sort of patience and they quickly found a rhythm; Dean would raise himself up and let Castiel drag him back down hard, curses and broken versions of Castiel’s name spilling freely from his parted lips.
The Darkness couldn’t be vanquished; it was too old, too chaotic, too unknown to be able to be well and truly defeated. Dean had reclaimed the Mark of Cain, and sealed most of the Darkness with it once more, despite Sam’s protests.
Game #2: Continue as normal, but drink every time an eye-roll is mentioned. Text me when you die of alcohol poisoning.
Fun Fact #???+2: Charlie/Lisa was entirely unplanned. I guess I should have known that if I wrote Charlie and Lisa into the same story, Charlie would have no chill about it. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ A happy accident.
Eager impatience made it tempting to quicken his steps as he led Hannah towards the castle’s private temple, but he forced himself to slow down and keep a reasonable pace.
“Do you think we should tell them?” He asked, leaning against the side of the table and handing one of the drinks to Charlie.
Behind him, his doppelganger and Michael vanished in a puff of smoke. The fraying edges of the hallucination began to disintegrate in earnest. When Castiel looked down, Dean was fully dressed.
“I watched her kill the angel Ambriel. I thought I was next, but she couldn’t be bothered to waste the time.” Cas’ voice was quieter now, more bitter than angry. “She’s right, anyway,” he continued. “I am…expendable.”
, Dean thought absently as he pulled a tub of flour closer.
No such worry was warranted this time, however; Sam misjudged his footing and teetered precariously on the edge of a step as Castiel tugged at the limp arm around his shoulders, adjusting Dean’s weight until Sam found his balance.
Simba meowed happily, pushing his face against Dean's palm.
“They look terrific,” he said, smiling proudly at their spoils.
In the middle of the room, a figure stood hunched over the projector, furiously scribbling notes. Dean squinted and stepped closer but couldn’t make out much more than a vague profile. The figure must have fiddled with some of the dials on the control panel because suddenly the projection was changing. The new screen had much brighter colors and Dean could finally make out the familiar form of Castiel.
Admittedly, he was starting to notice that his skin no longer felt prickly and halfway to hives at all times; more like two-thirds of the day. Then again, that could just as easily be attributed to his sinuses being in such distress that his immune system was being forced to pick a singular struggle. The victory was still worth taking, however small; he had naively assumed that if he kept the cat off the upholstered furniture, he could maintain at least a few spaces free of fur and dander.
But enough time had passed that the High Priestess was due to arrive any moment and Castiel had resumed his frenetic pacing, book forgotten on his abandoned cushion. Hannah still sat quietly, but even her impressive poise was not enough to completely mask her nerves. Though her book was open, she was only pretending to read; she’d not turned the page in several minutes.
He leaned forward to place a chaste kiss to Dean’s tailbone and then he restrained himself no further, pressing his tongue to Dean’s hole in firm licks.
Dean rolled his eyes, annoyed. "The cat, seriously?"
“He was thrown several times before he was poisoned,” Castiel reasoned, “I’ve healed the physical injuries already, but perhaps this poison took more of a toll than usual, given the preceding fight.”
Anna smiled, eyes still closed, as briefs snippets of Castiel’s life flashed behind her eyelids.
Castiel began to peel out of his clothes, suddenly weary even though angels did not sleep. He donned a t-shirt and his new sweatpants, an article of clothing that Dean
to be sympathetic. Gabriel especially, in fact, because if he hadn't promised to house the cat in his no-pets-allowed apartment and hadn't become emotionally attached enough that giving him to a shelter was no longer an option, Dean wouldn't have a furry new roommate intent on suffocating him under the crushing weight of his own immune system.
“I know,” Castiel said, his brow furrowing once more as he watched the steady rise and fall of Dean’s chest.
. The best we can do—” She stooped to pluck Hannah’s book off the cushion. “—is to write stories.”
Wandering through a human mind was a tricky thing. Ending up in the correct place—if it could even be called a “place”; Castiel would argue that it could not—was less so a matter of following a path (or some analogous representation of one) from point A to point B, and more so a matter of drifting along in a sea of firing neurons and hoping to stumble across the desired “place” eventually.
words to properly encompass his opinions on Dean’s appearance. Try as he might, anything he came up with seemed to fall just short, and so at some point, he had stopped trying to use words at all, even to himself. It was much more pleasant to simply sit and let his gaze wander slowly, greedily, over Dean’s striking visage until he’d had his fill (or, more commonly, until the opportunity was disrupted).
on the bed with Dean, on his knees behind the hunter and pushing between Dean’s shoulder blades until Dean complied, pressing his chest and face into the mattress as fake-Castiel—truly, Castiel had never felt such consuming jealousy in his
(See the end of the chapter for
I can’t imagine that being placed in such an open, vulnerable position could be enjoyable; perhaps, then, what you wish is for
Perhaps it was best for him to take his leave, but in a show of stubbornness he remained, taking his turn in the pantry and shifting through the tins of dried flowers while Dean set to work on his own project.
Just after midday the trees began to thin, and soon after that Hannah and Castiel stood near the trees on the edge of a sizable clearing. Trees encircled the space, looking as though they had simply been moved out of the way of the lake. After spending so much time with a canopy between himself and direct sunlight, seeing the bright blue sky and feeling the sun warm his skin was a blessing.
Castiel still glowered, but most of the fight seemed to leave him. With a soft rustling, his wings materialized behind him, and his posture slackened with relief. They draped over the covers and spilled onto the floor, the tips reaching just far enough to brush against the dresser near the wall.
It huddled against Dean's shirt, looking nervous, but the hissing and flailing and yowling he had expected never came. With a sigh, Dean turned towards the kitchen, realizing much too late that he really should have gone inside to get his jacket and keys
Fun Fact #2: Jess' patient story is stolen directly from my best friend, who is currently in medical school and must have a truly inhuman level of patience. This is one of the milder ridiculous situations she's found herself in. Seriously.
Falling hurt, being human hurt. Feelings hurt.
been true, up until this point.
Me: I prefaced it with a whole bunch of space science. =D
“Given the conclusions we’ve come to,” Castiel finished, “we’d like your expertise on whether or not the Unity Ceremony can safely be decoupled from marriage.”
Castiel could take no more. He grabbed at Dean’s shoulders, intending to shake him out of this utter nonsense reality, but his hands disappeared through Dean just like they’d done with Michael.
The original, most basic version of this story was inspired by that lovely little short film. It's worth a watch; I bet you'll be able to see which parts I pulled ideas from. =D
Before he could second-guess himself or lose his nerve or worry about all the ridiculous, unlikely ways a kiss could go wrong, he placed a finger gently under her chin and coaxed her to look at him. Then, slowly, he closed the distance between them until he found the soft swell of her bottom lip with his own, letting his eyes fall shut.
"Fine," he said finally. He made a mental note to check that there were antihistamines in the medicine cabinet, just in case.
For a brief moment, Castiel longed to be a child again, sitting in his father’s lap and listening to fairy tales.
Inias bowed low, formal as always. Castiel stepped up into the stirrup and swung his other leg cleanly over the back of his stallion, settling into the saddle. Beneath him, the beast snorted and tossed his head.
Castiel’s face grew hot with embarrassment, but no good would come from lying. “There is...room for improvement in my technique,” he admitted grudgingly. Hannah patted him on the arm, looking sympathetic but not disappointed.
“We’ve created so much,” argued Darkness, “Why deny them this when it brings such joy?”
For a few moments he let himself stay there, but soon enough he blinked bleary eyes open and glanced around, thankful to see that he had not attracted any unwanted visitors. He tucked himself back into his trousers and made his way back to his horse at last.
“I accept responsibility for the way I encouraged you,” he interrupted crossly, “but I thought you noble enough not to be dishonest about your own actions.”
“Y-yes, courageous, smart, and strong-“
Sam looked unconvinced; it was a flimsy explanation at best.
His breath left him in a rush. While Dean’s imposing build came as no shock, he was also surprisingly
“Wonderful,” Castiel said again, taking Hannah’s hands in his own. “I have no doubt you’ll look beautiful no matter what gown you wear.”
It may as well have been a roar. The words bounced off the kitchen walls, vibrated against Dean’s eardrums. The wind died, but Dean hardly noticed.
"Can you come back Thursday afternoon? The vet can go over his examination results and direct you to a good adoption shelter if that's the route you'd like to go."
be wrong,” he insisted testily, “Djinn magic doesn’t work like this. We’ve fought dozens of Djinn over the years and the routine is the same every time; kill the Djinn, magic dies too. He should be awake.”
Castiel frowned, suddenly struck with an aching sadness for Hannah’s lost time, but she shushed him.
” Castiel put a firm hand on his shoulder, looking him directly in the eye and willing him to listen. “I understand; in fact, I commend you for it. But there is something you ought to know: I care for Hannah very much. Her happiness and well-being are important to me, and I like to believe she regards me similarly. That said, last night we came to an understanding about our mutual
Once back at the pile of his discarded clothes, Dean gave a quick, lazy stretch and smoothed his palms over his skin, ridding iit of excess water. He gave his shaft a gentle squeeze when he reached it—a perfunctory gesture, Castiel knew, but his own engorged piece twitched where it pressed hotly against his thigh nonetheless—before reaching to scoop his trousers from the ground. He bent again, fingering at his tunic this time, but reconsidered. Instead of dressing further, he turned to walk a short way along the water’s edge until he came upon the large tree that grew outwards over the oasis.
“Recent interactions have led the handlers to conclude that Castiel is obstinate and will likely require significant training.” The curious murmurs transitioned into sounds of disappointment; to most, a sex slave was meant to be a convenient outlet, an expression of abundant wealth, not an energy-intensive project that may or may not result in the desired outcome.
Too late. As soon as the backs of his fingers were within reach the cat was rubbing his face against them, nudging this way and that until he could settle a fuzzy cheek into Dean's palm. He scratched hesitantly, feeling the cat's rumbling purr in his fingertips. Big, yellow eyes blinked up at him slowly, and for a strange moment, it made Dean think of Sam.
“I don’t just mean as a weapon, or as a freaking Angel of the Lord, or anything like that. Cas, man, you’re important to me, to all of us, as a
Cas had come to inform them of suspicious activity near their destination in Wyoming that suggested Amara was not far away. The conversation ended with Dean thanking Cas for the warning and decreeing that he was strictly to use his cell phone to reach them until his grace was back on track.
A scullery maid had slipped the recipe for honey tea onto Castiel’s breakfast tray a few days after the service and, although he now knew it by heart, the little piece of paper bearing Missouri’s wide, looping handwriting sat nestled safely in his bedside drawer with various other keepsakes.
“Thank you,” he said, “That will be all.” The employee gave a small bow and left to service the other high bidders.
"But work should stay at work," Dean had argued back, "Aren't you always encouraging people to maintain a good work-life balance?"
"Alright. Feel better soon, then."
“Your grace?”
. ‘I was with my dead husband’, or ‘My mother and I finally got along’, or whatever. Ian barely even spoke to us once he was awake.”
And yet, much like his missing romantic inclinations towards Hannah, Castiel had managed to overlook the reality of getting married
Castiel studied Dean’s face. His eyes were open and fierce, body shaking beneath Castiel as his orgasm threatened. That edge that danced in green eyes, Castiel recognized it. It was in his own eyes too, he knew, and he yanked his hands off Dean’s neck and fell forward, hands keeping him balanced just above Dean’s shoulders.
With a roll of his eyes, the man nudged Gabriel aside to extend a hand to Dean. "I'm Doctor Novak," he said, shaking Dean's hand firmly, "Your cat is doing just fine; I'll briefly review what we did for him here and give you some care instructions before you leave."
—“ Gabriel emphasized his name in an exaggerated imitation of professionalism. “—to retrieve the stray cat that hangs out around our cafe. Tell me doctor; will he live?"
Hannah was looking at him expectantly now, so with a sigh he sank to the ground and positioned himself so as to duck his head under the water. Even this his face inches away from it, he could not see past his own reflection.
“I need you to do something for me, Cas,” he said, suddenly serious. Castiel slowed his movements. Dean took Castiel’s hands and slid them around his own neck. Castiel watched, confused; Dean’s pulse thudded beneath his fingers.
“Let’s go again, shall we?”
Hannah smiled again, wistfully now. “He’s far too self-sacrificing to say so outright, for fear I might feel guilty for asking him to come here. But yes, I know he does. He writes his younger brother often.”
Samandriel sparred with a man Castiel didn’t recognize, but by the way they were smiling and laughing Castiel supposed it must be a brother, or maybe—
?” Dean quirked a brow at the unusual word choice. “Huh.” He returned his eyes to his book but was no longer really reading. “Tell you what, I’ll talk to Cas later, make sure he’s on the up and up.”
What could not be explained by Castiel’s affections, however, was the flush across
Dean grimaced, pinching the bridge of his nose.
“No, Cas, that’s not what I—“ Dean paused, scrubbing a hand over his reddening cheeks. “I meant—I’m sorry that he, ya know.” He paused again, this time to swipe his tongue against his lower lip anxiously. “That he, uh. Kissed you.”
“— there would be no need for us to marry,” Hannah finished, eyes wide.
The cheerful weightlessness that had swept over him on the heels of Rowena’s visit carried him through the rest of the evening. Hannah too seemed more at ease than she had been in days. Queen Naomi commented on their improved spirits over dinner, but Castiel demurred; truthfully, Castiel could not guess either way about his mother’s reaction. She was fair and reasonable in her judgements and he hoped their happiness and Rowena’s blessing would be enough to assuage any concerns she might have, but his mother was not one to be overcome by her emotions and he was unsure how tightly she held onto the notion of traditions. But that headache, should it come, could wait until the next morning.
Castiel nodded, appeased. Then, hurriedly before Hannah could get lost in her pages again, “And Dean? Does he miss home?”
Slowly, he moved towards the staircase, willing his steps to fall lightly. Every noise he made seemed magnified, from his breath to the jostling of his riding gear. The bottom step was mere feet away.
“Whoops, your tip just decreased by five percent.”
, fuck—”
Alistair had gotten much too close, had rubbed his stink all over Cas and tried to claim him, and Dean was not eager to be in the same situation ever again. Castiel wouldn’t leave his bed until he was irrevocably marked by Dean.
“Alright, you know what?” He turned to fully face Cas now, scrubbing a hand over his jaw. “That’s complete crap, and you know it, I know it, hell
What if Princess Hannah did not find
"Wait, wait," Dean said, "Gabriel, you can't keep him at the cafe."
Dean had lovely features, of course, and Castiel had seen them express many things—anger, cockiness, wittiness, resolve—but never before had he seen the lines of Dean’s face soften so completely. With his guard down and no one to impress (that Dean knew of), he let the beauty and bounty of his surroundings lull him into a state of true tranquility, leaving his unseen onlooker utterly transfixed.
It was quite rare to find Dean separated from Hannah by any meaningful distance. Hannah had even requested that Dean be housed across the hall from her chambers instead of in the guest wing Castiel had suggested. Curious, Castiel nudged his own horse into a slightly more brisk stride.
"The usual," Dr. Novak confirmed, reaching for his wallet, "and please, no need to be so formal; Castiel is fine."
Once they reached the shoreline, Castiel leaned forward over the water, hoping to see underneath. Instead, he saw the brilliant cloudless sky and the tops of the nearest trees, and his own face peered up at him as though he were looking into a gigantic mirror. The wind ruffled his hair, and the trees in the reflection waved their appreciation, but no ripples disturbed the image, and no water lapped at the shore.
Castiel must have considered him for a beat too long because Dean squirmed slightly in his arms, his eyes averted.
Slowly, ever so slowly, Dean lowered himself into Castiel’s lap. The feeling of slippery heat wrapping tightly around his cock was almost immediately overwhelming, but the sheer knowledge that he was allowed so close to Dean at all—close enough to be intimate with him, close enough to be
“In light of these changes, the starting bid for Castiel has been reduced from the standard three thousand to a very generous thirteen hundred. Do I have an opening bid?”
“Why don’t we split the work,” Sam continued after a moment. “I’ll check on Jody’s friends and report to her while you and Cas wait for the werewolf to turn. With any luck, we can be back at the bunker by noon tomorrow.”
Me: Yes...
“I have seen many stories in my time, Castiel,” Rowena said, giving him a piercing look. “Yours are not the first to presume the intentions of our creators and they will certainly not be the last. Even the most complex tales cannot capture the nuance and malleability of the real world. You and Hannah do not need to marry simply because your stories suggest it; we will proceed with the Unity Ceremony alone.”
“Sammy, you want an egg fried on top of your burger?”
Castiel had dark hair, dyed black by the dim lighting, and a soft pink mouth that Anna knew would be perfect for wide smiles. His blue eyes peered up at her sleepily, brighter and warmer than the deep oceans and endless night sky. He murmured when she shifted to hold him better, and she shushed him gently. Placing her fingers carefully against his small chest, she closed her eyes and let his heartbeat speak to her.
It had taken some considerable convincing from Cas, Gabriel,
Instead of answering Castiel’s unasked questions, he turned and made his way back to Sam, nodding. Sam started the timer.
A gentle squeeze and then Cas released him, listing a few dinner suggestions over his shoulder as he wandered into the kitchen. As Dean turned to follow, Simba brushed against his leg.
Their interactions were always kept on the shorter side, which was a shame. Dean thought they could be good friends if given the time to have a proper conversation, away from the cafe and without Gabriel as a middleman.
Haltingly, wincing at his bruised knees, Castiel stood. When he made no further attempts to move, a hand grabbed at his shoulder and pulled until he spun about. To his immense shock, the other man stood in front of him with wide eyes, sword already sheathed, producing a matching glass vial from a small pouch at his hip.
“Unless you—” He cleared his throat, face still aflame. “Unless you desire something else—”
“Cas...?”
Castiel furrowed his brow. What skill did Dean hope to train him in by fucking him?
kiss his ass.”
“We certainly wondered what managed to capture your attention for an entire afternoon.”
“Don’t make me regret releasing you.”
Two months of doing the tedious accounting work from the comfort of his own home later, Dean could admit that this was a better arrangement all things considered.
he have, and truthfully he could understand why. Now that he was comfortable, he would find something to do until Sam and Dean woke up. He’d read a book perhaps, or watch Netflix—
“In...inside me.”
Feeling proud of his kingdom’s bounty, Castiel crept quietly as close as he dared, keeping himself concealed behind the trunk of a mighty oak tree.
The journey from the public temple in the center of town to the castle grounds took the better part of an hour, on average. Despite being well aware of this, Castiel had begun fidgeting impatiently almost as soon as the courier he’d sent to request an audience with the High Priestess had left the room. A quarter of an hour later, an exasperated Hannah had fetched a few of their favorite books from the library and, brooking not a single thread’s worth of room for argument, pressed a book into his hand and Castiel onto a low cushion in front of one of the ornate stained glass windows. She had situated herself on the cushion beside him with a book of her own and there they had stayed for most of their wait.
Though still present, his doubts and worries eased the nearer he drew, temporarily brushed away by certainty and serenity. Inexplicably, as Castiel covered Princess Hannah’s soft, red lips gently, chastely with his own, he knew in his very bones that everything would fall into place, one way or another.
Simba did not always make the best desk-mate—sometimes he would push items to the floor if he felt he wasn't being paid enough attention; frequently he sat down on some or all of Dean's work; every once in a while he would insist on climbing onto Dean's shoulders, despite his size making it fairly impractical for both of them. Generally speaking though, Dean liked the company. Simba's steady, ever-present purring made for comforting white noise, and taking the occasional break to dole out scratches or (carefully) rub Simba's fuzzy belly abated the worst of his frustrations.
There was silence as Castiel watched, confused, as Dean shifted his weight onto one foot and then the other. Eventually, Dean straightened himself up, clasping his hands behind his back and determinedly holding Castiel’s stare.
a wedding. Was it not reasonable, then, to consider that the success of the unity ceremony was not dependent on a marriage taking place? Could they join their grace without sacrificing both their chances at falling in love someday?
attentive
“I apologize if we’ve caused alarm,” Castiel began, tugging his sleeves back down as Hannah brushed her fingers through her hair.
“Choke me.”
Before he could fit his hand around Dean and stroke properly, Dean had removed his fingers and was reaching for the oil jug again. Castiel sighed at the smooth glide of Dean’s hand along his length, giving aborted thrusts upwards when Dean twisted his wrist at the top of each stroke as best he could from his awkward angle.
They breathed heavily in the dark. Castiel’s arms shook and he brought his forehead to rest against Dean’s, eyes still closed. A sudden desire to claim a kiss the way Dean had weeks ago in the lounge struck him, but he clamped down on it and let himself fall to the side. Dean turned with him, maneuvered them into a comfortable position to wait out his knot, and threw a hand across Castiel’s waist.
Gabriel looked over to Dean and Amara, then back to Castiel’s sullen expression, and heaved a solemn sigh.
Fun Fact #5: The last four lines of this chapter are actually the very first lines I wrote of this story.
There had been time for very little else amidst the rush of last minute rearrangements (really, one would think
Completely unobstructed, his wings truly were impressive. Each wing looked like it could easily span several feet outwards, and perhaps black wings should have been evil looking, but the inky darkness of them seemed all-encompassing in the most comforting of ways. Dean supposed if anybody was going to make infinite black seem soothing, it would be an angel. He felt the fight drain from him, and he huffed out a sigh. Next to him, Sam was still rubbing the sleep and confusion from his eyes.
The employee gave a curt nod and moved on to the next patron.
(See the end of the chapter for
Eventually, she stirred in his arms. Slowly, timidly, Hannah lifted her face from where it was buried in Castiel’s shoulder to stare at him, eyes red-rimmed but wide and shining with cautious hope.
"Dean, can you take over at the counter for a little while? I haven't had lunch yet." Gabriel stood in the doorway, already halfway through removing his apron.
“We know you expected a wedding today,” Castiel began, “For a long time, so did we.” He glanced fondly at Hannah. “What we’ve come to understand from one another is that true love is not limited in its capacity. There is value to be gained from
This made three order changes in as many days. Dean rolled his eyes, pulling the clipboard bearing the schedule for part-timers down from the wall. They'd need an extra set of hands, but they could make it work.
“Have some food before we go,” she said, gesturing to the pile of fresh berries.
Now, he rose to kiss his affirmation onto Dean’s pliant mouth. Reluctantly, he let go of Dean and shifted off of him entirely, crawling up the bed to the top left corner and reaching down to rummage for the jug of oil he kept tucked away out of sight just behind one of the bedposts.
, was here with him and though Cas couldn’t see souls anymore he could have sworn that this Dean was shimmering, looking at him with concern as though Cas mattered to him, looking and acting like home, and Cas was sure he was going to die of sorrow on the spot. He popped another pill, giggling and explaining what had happened. The Dean in front of him stepped closer, and asked if he was high.
This time, when he went to retrieve the dishes, the tuna looked completely untouched and there was still some cream left on the second saucer.
He nudged the saucer closer to the cat with his foot. Its ears pricked up slightly at the sound of ceramic scraping against concrete, but otherwise, it did not react.
Once again, he should have asked for a specific number. What constituted "a little while" anyway?
Michael tilted his head to one side in mock thoughtfulness, his eyes glittering. “Let’s get an outside opinion.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“You didn’t.” Dean’s voice came out barely louder than a whisper. Then, more clearly, “I wanted to assure you that it won’t happen again. Hannah is very dear to me; I would never purposefully try to...to tempt you from her.”
Thankfully, there was no sword to his throat this time. Dean stood at arm’s length, holding him in place against the cold stone wall with a firm hand against his chest.
“Your
(See the end of the chapter for
"Hey, wait—“
“Yeah…yeah maybe you’re right. It’s just—Dean, I could have sworn his wings looked roughed up. I didn’t notice anything before, but they seemed kinda…bedraggled.”
Dean made a pleased sound and reached up with one hand to card slowly through Castiel’s hair. “I’m very glad,” Dean confessed softly, “that you did not marry Hannah.”
Gabriel shushed him, watching as said cat came slinking into view from between the dumpsters, sniffing curiously at the saucers. After a few precautionary glances up at the two of them, it settled comfortably to enjoy the treats. It looked a little scruffy, but not nearly as thin as Dean would have expected of a stray.
By the time Dean reached the bottom of the stairs, Simba was perched in his usual place on the table by the front door, tail twitching excitedly as the lock clicked. The very second the door opened, he began a steady stream of coos and chirps.
“Safe travels, Castiel,” bid the Queen.
Halfway to the forest a gentle nicker roused him from his musings, but Continental only seemed to be greeting an approaching dog and its master. Castiel inclined his head as the man passed, patting Continental’s neck absently, but before he could return to his thoughts, movement much further down the path drew his eye.
Castiel shifted his weight, uncertain whether he was being laughed at or with. Although, he supposed, laughter was preferable to ire. Belatedly, he tugged the neckline of his tunic out to stow his vial away once more. The swordsman’s gaze flicked briefly downwards to track the movement and then rose back to Castiel’s, cheerful and resolute.
After closing time, the kitchen was full of noise. Between the rumbling of the industrial dishwasher and the sound of rushing water as his staff went about their usual cleaning practices, the selected music du jour couldn't be at anything less than full volume if it were to be heard by anybody. Dean was quite fond of that atmosphere. Cleaning was, of course, an important and necessary albeit not-very-thrilling part of the job; loud music and conversations shouted cheerfully over the din lessened the tedium considerably.
"Yeah, yeah," he sighed when Gabriel pleaded again for him to leave food out that evening. A catering order had come in that morning from a client Gabriel usually dealt with, and Dean had been too distracted discussing logistics to remember to ask him how much tuna he usually left out.
Oh, he had found them, alright, but certainly not where he’d meant to. Treacherous things.
. Despite the breeze rustling past them, not a single ripple disturbed the flat surface. There were no birds or frogs or even insects around the water’s edge; the scene was eerily quiet and unnervingly calm.
But then the door opened enough for Cas to peer back at him, and the bubble burst.
“Relax,” Dean told him, ignoring the scowl Castiel threw over his shoulder. “You got it unlocked that time; five seconds faster and you would’ve beaten the timer.”
Castiel held Hannah for several long moments, breathing slowly and purposely until he felt moderately more composed and giving Hannah a chance to do the same.
Eventually Dean turned towards the shore, submerging himself once more before standing properly and wading slowly through the water. A quick shake of his head later, his hair stood more naturally in wet spikes. Castiel was pulled from his peaceful stupor by the rivulet of water that sluiced over the edge of Dean’s sharp jaw and down the side of his neck, collecting in his collarbone before spilling over anew. He let his gaze linger on the black ink decorating Dean’s left pectoral—the crest of the Winchesters, Castiel guessed—before sweeping appreciatively over the rest of his torso, struck again by how the slight softness of his stomach belied the underlying strength and agility he’d known Dean to operate with.
Three days ago, Castiel had considered that he might need to forcefully redirect his attraction away from Dean and onto Hannah. Certainly, the kind of desire he’d felt for Hannah’s guard
The family watched on, offering hushed words of encouragement as Naomi clutched desperately at the hands offered from the closest family members. They must have been in pain, their fingers and wrists aching to be released, but they stifled their complaints in the face of Naomi’s anguished cries. Her auburn hair, usually pulled away from her face, hung in disarray around her heaving shoulders, damp from labour. Now and again she would open her eyes and tilt her head briefly back against the pillows for a short break. Then she would take a breath before furrowing her brow, eyes squeezed shut once more with the exertion of pushing a new life from her own body.
Castiel snorted at the wry comment, allowing himself to be turned towards the staircase at last. It was nearly dark out, now; late enough that sunlight no longer found its way to them at the bottom of the tower, but still too early for moonlight to offer any aid. The large hand of his companion left his shoulder as they passed the little alcove to the left.
Castiel was granted no more time than it took him to adjust his position before the other man lunged at him, sword sweeping downwards at an angle. Caught off guard, Castiel raised his own sword just in time to block the blow. Olivine eyes glimmered at him over the connected metal and Castiel scowled, stepping away and drawing his arm back to strike, but his swing came too late. His opponent had already twirled skillfully to his left, forcing Castiel to change course at the last second to parry a jab that would otherwise have slid between his ribs.
“This flower is rather hard to come by; I traveled great distances to find a market that could sell me these seeds. As if that were not enough of a challenge, the buds are quite fussy when growing. They require precisely the right amounts of sun and moonlight, or they begin to wilt. But once they blossom, well, there is no stopping them.” She smiled fondly at her piece, the way a proud parent smiles at their child.
“I…maybe one of the lore books has something that can help?” He suggested feebly. Cas just shrugged sullenly, looking at his own lap.
Sam glanced between the two of them for a few tense moments. Normally this was where Sam would roll his eyes and then continue as if nothing had happened, but now, he heaved an irritated sigh and slammed the book he had been reading shut. Dean and Castiel both winced at the abuse to the delicate thing.
"Come on, then."
Castiel nodded.
of romantic feelings for one another.”
“Castiel, I’m...I’m terrified.” Her voice was unusually shrill with panic.
Dean swallowed around him and Castiel tipped his head back in bliss, knowing he’d have to pull away quite soon if he intended to fulfill Dean’s original request. Convincing himself to pull out of the welcoming mouth around him was an arduous task, but Castiel eventually managed, groaning as Dean’s soft tongue licked along the length of him in a wide, wet slide.
And so, on her tenth birthday, the young princess fell into a deep sleep. The King and Queen were concerned at first, but the medics and High Priestess eased their worries and together they made the princess comfortable until her soul match came to wake her.
Regardless of however many versions there were of the stories he’d heard as a child, regardless of which parts were accurate or not, one inarguable truth persisted: Princess Hannah was very much real and very much asleep, and Castiel was destined to wake her.
Dean followed the curve of the shadow and saw that it stretched away from Cas’ back, and curled instead around Dean’s frame. Despite the transparency, the wing sat with a very real, comforting weight around him, and he was certainly grateful for the warmth. Still, he couldn’t keep a flush from his own cheeks as he realized that Cas was doing the angel equivalent of sneaking an arm around the back of his date’s chair. Judging by his pink cheeks, the meaning wasn’t entirely lost on Castiel either.
," said Simba.
"Thanks. Oh, wait!"
“A dragon!” he exclaimed mirthfully, tucking Princess Hannah’s vial back inside its pocket. “I admit, some days my temper is worse than others, especially after too much ale— ” He chuckled again, eyes alight with glee now, “—but none have accused me of being a fire-breathing beast. Not directly, at least.”
He met Dean’s gaze, warm green eyes grumpy but relieved, and offered his best apologetic expression. After a moment Dean huffed and looked away, dropping the now unlocked handcuffs to the ground with a muted clang. Castiel felt the cool rush of his grace sweep over him and sighed in contentment at having his injuries mended, finally.
. The thought was harrowing.
Gabriel was interrupted by a painful-sounding cough. "Sorry; no, nothing special, just what's there."
The wisest course of action, he knew, would be to step back so that Dean’s hand fell away. He would turn back to the counter, prepare a plate of pastries for Hannah, and make some parting joke to dispel any lingering embarrassment, if he could think of one. Or perhaps it would be better to simply pretend nothing out of the ordinary had happened.
There was loud applause again, and Castiel beamed out at his people, feeling lighter than he had in ages.
With one last swipe of his thumb he tumbled over the edge, swearing as he imagined Dean pulling back to lick at the tip of his cock, lapping up what he could as Castiel spilled himself all over Dean’s attractive features. He groaned lowly, giving small, aborted thrusts as the brightest shocks of pleasure zipped up and down his spine. Eventually, with one final shiver, he let his weight sink back against the tree, breathing deeply.
Castiel blinked rapidly as the entire hallucination echoed and grew fuzzy, as though he were watching a TV show with bad reception. His surroundings grayed out into static and Castiel rubbed at his eyes, disoriented, until his attention was abruptly recaptured by a very familiar sound.
“She is a talented cook,” Castiel said, setting his ingredients beside the fire and reaching for a small pot, “but she dislikes seeing me in the kitchen. Perhaps she’s worried the nobles will never take me seriously if my doublet is dotted with flour.”
It seemed strange to be regretful after having just expressed their lack of romantic interest in one another, but he was. From the moment he had woken her, Castiel had felt connected to Hannah in a way he was not familiar with. The bond between them was strong and honest, and he lamented that their feelings had mutually gone astray. In a fairytale world, he and Hannah would have fallen in love quickly and wed eagerly, to the elation of each other, their kingdoms, and their creators. Alas, the books in his library never offered any guarantee of verisimilitude alongside the fantastical tales.
She and Dean were bound, she’d said, and so they were. Amara calmed Dean’s anger and bloodlust, quelled his violent thoughts and helped him learn to handle the burden that came with their matching marks.
Dean let his eyes roam over his (now fully clothed) form, smiling appreciatively. When he returned his gaze to Castiel’s face he was met with a wary scowl. Dean moved to stand directly in front of him and Castiel did not lower his eyes or curl into himself. A pleased smirk quirked one side of Dean’s mouth upwards and he inhaled deeply, curious to find no real trace of a scent.
Hannah took his arm, and together they made their way outside to greet their awaiting people.
“Sam, he had the freaking
It wasn’t really John Winchester in front of Dean he realized, but some manifestation of
“He will….he will become a great warrior, but…something is wrong--”
With every new voice, Dean flinched as though he’d been slapped. The voices grew cacophonous, eventually melding together into jarring, mocking laughter. Dean no longer tugged at where his wrists were bound. He sagged forward, hunching into himself as best he could (though it did nothing to conceal the source of his shame) and screwing his eyes shut. Across from him, the blue glow in Michael’s eyes pulsed brightly.
Castiel had to bite down on his own lip to smother an involuntary whine. He thrust faster into the tight circle of his own fist, overwhelmed by the thought of Dean, red lips stretched wide, cheeks hollowed as he sucked and swallowed wetly around him.
If Castiel lit the fire beneath his pot of water quickly enough, perhaps he could convince himself that the heat in his face was a byproduct of his work instead of embarrassment at his own ignorance. “I had not considered how she was cared for,” he mumbled eventually.
The knot in his stomach eased ever so slightly.
Castiel had appeared next to the Impala by the time Dean had gotten over the shock, and his great wings twitched anxiously behind him. Dean wasted no time channeling his adrenaline into frustration.
"Yeah, get out of here," Dean said, setting his things on the ground, "Wait—“ Kevin turned back, quizzical. "Take the pastries leftover from lunch. You guys always look like walking corpses during exams."
Castiel glowered at him, desperately wishing the manifestation were corporeal enough to hit. Michael bent to speak into fake-Castiel’s ear.
Magnificent illustrations accompanied the generations-old tales housed in the well-loved book in his castle’s library. Castiel had traced them with curious fingers as a boy, covering the delicate lines and whorls of color with phantom images of his own as his father’s smooth, rumbling voice recited stories. To this day, he heard the words in his late father’s voice whenever he lost himself in the book; sometimes, when cold wind shook the window panes and made the candles dance, Castiel could feel the warmth of his father’s arm around his midsection, as though the King were still trying to hoist his overzealous child back into the safety of his lap.
True to his word, Dean had wandered towards Cas’ room after he’d eaten and done the dishes. The door was completely closed, which usually meant Cas was in the middle of a Netflix binge. Dean rapped his fist against the wood a few times.
“Dean, look.” Dean brought the binoculars back to his eyes and watched as the man turned feral, smashing his bedroom window and descending to the ground.
Castiel glared down at the first step of the winding staircase before him, breathing deeply and gathering the remaining withered scraps of his pride, determined not to die a coward.
The old story had taken many forms in its various retellings through the generations.
“It’s important to talk about your feelings, Castiel,” she had always reminded him when embarrassment or rage held his mouth shut, “The first step to understanding someone else’s point of view is to understand our own.”
“Dean, listen to me. You’re stuck in a Djinn hallucination. This isn’t real.”
The moment was abruptly interrupted when Dean’s vision was almost entirely obstructed by thick obsidian feathers. His heart leapt into his throat at the sudden loss of sight, and his hands slipped on the wheel, pulling Baby harshly to the left before Dean corrected the motion and continued to a clumsy stop off the side of the road. There was a great rustling sound as Dean fumbled for the door handle, his fingers slipping through Cas’ suddenly very tangible wings. He all but fell out of the car, and Sam came stumbling around from the passenger side, spluttering a feather out of his mouth.
Dean chose not to mention it; there was no need to make the gesture awkward, and he didn’t want to risk losing the warmth anyway. A breeze picked up and rustled the leaves around them, and Dean sank further back into his pseudo blanket. He started to bring the binoculars back up to his face, but stopped halfway, sighing to himself and eventually returning them to his lap.
He was an idiot, if Castiel was honest with himself.
“What will you name him?”
Fake-Castiel loomed over Dean, looking down his nose at him with a cold, uncaring expression.
Dean looked amused. “There is no need to be,” he said, “Truthfully, friendship better suits us. What we are to each other now is no less meaningful than when we were in love. Now, here—” He gestured to the cooling tray. “We get the first pick.”
“I’m aware that people perceive me to be rather...flirtatious in nature,” Dean began, “but most of the time, I don’t mean anything by it; it’s all in good fun, you know?” He shrugged one shoulder up and down, smiling weakly. “But every once in awhile I get carried away, and end up in hot water.”
“I’m sorry, Dean,” he sighed at last, “I’m just agitated because…because of my wings. It doesn’t matter.”
But clearly he
(See the end of the chapter for
His inclination was to have them stay, if for no other reason than to dispel the strange, uneasy tension that seemed to wrap around Dean like a too-heavy weighted blanket whenever he and Castiel were left alone. In the end, he thought better of it; tears or no, they were dealing with some variation of Djinn poison, and that meant seeing one or more of Dean’s vulnerabilities laid bare. Castiel predicted Dean would wake with a gruff thanks and a gruffer order to forget anything he saw while wandering around inside his head.
Once the crowd had died down, Castiel and Hannah retreated back into the castle, where Hannah exhaled dramatically.
Dean set the hot tray on the counter, leaning over it slightly to examine their work. “We enjoyed being together,” he said, “but the more our friends and families pressured us for a proper wedding announcement, the more we came to realize that we had fallen out of love.”
“Ian,” Castiel supplied.
Which is why it was so disarming to see Cas’ wings shifting and fluttering behind him.
Perplexed, Castiel watched the two warily, wondering if he should step in to diffuse whatever strange tension had suddenly materialized. Dean was Hannah’s guard, was he not? Downstairs, he had spoken of her as though she were someone he cared for, but it would not be the first time Castiel had misunderstood. Perhaps there was a generations-old feud between their families?
“I missed you, Hannah,” Dean said into her hair.
Castiel might have hoped that without as much guilt and anxiety crowding his thoughts, it would prove more challenging to catch him unawares. Alas, as he was yanked bodily into a side corridor on his way to bed, he was forced to accept that he was no more aware of his surroundings than he had been when Dean had nearly beheaded him in the tower.
SO: Eventually you will need to turn that outline into actual words.
“I suppose not,” he admitted as Hannah shook her head.
"Yeah, no problem."
Despite Dean’s unchanged, peacefully neutral expression, his eyelashes were indeed damp. Castiel watched as tears formed at the outer corners of shut eyes and slid down Dean’s temples to disappear into his hairline.
At long last the voices passed their hiding spot and began to fade. Castiel pulled Dean up to face him properly.
Dean couldn’t stop the barking laugh that escaped him. “So you saw him in all his angelic glory? I’m surprised you still have both your eyeballs.”
“She...is nervous about the upcoming wedding, I believe,” he said at length. A half-truth. It seemed unwise to relay the discoveries they had made the previous night as he could not guess how Dean might react to the news.
He stepped away from the dumpsters, pulling out his phone and aiming it at the dark space between the dumpsters, flashlight on.
“Ahh….yeah, generally.” An easy smile accompanied Cas’ words, tongue loosened by chemicals. He didn’t elaborate on why, and past Dean didn’t ask.
Although he had just been forgiven for his own brazenly improper behavior, Castiel knew it would weigh on him unless he apologized properly.
Golden brown and sweet-smelling, the pastries looked perfect. Even the ones folded by his own clumsy hands had ended up resembling proper baked goods instead of amorphous blobs as he’d feared.
“Tomorrow is
And then, on their very first job together, Aaron had disappeared into the arms of another alpha with several million dollar’s worth of Dean’s bounty. The olive branch lay splintered and forgotten on the floor.
“My sincerest apologies, Naomi. I regret to announce that Castiel will suffer great hardships in the later part of his life. Beyond that, I do not know what will become of him.”
“Or the present, or the past. Whichever you ask of it.”
“Hannah?”
Me: I did not.
, I’ll be just fine with time.”
“I guessed the library—” Hannah came out from around one of the taller hedges, holding a small vase with an assortment of plucked flowers and looking pleased to see him. “—but you weren’t there either.”
He was saved by the sound of a handgun going off from somewhere to his left. The shifter stopped moving instantly, falling limply against him before gracelessly sliding sideways onto the floor, an unseen silver bullet lodged soundly in his temporal lobe. Even though it was never Dean, Castiel felt his stomach turn at the blank, dead green eyes still aimed at him.
All the way back in 2015, I saw
The nurse smiled understandingly. "We know; it's still good that you brought him in," he said, " The more animals vaccinated against things like rabies, the better, you know?"
“Castiel, listen…the bond you have with Dean is real, but if you ask me? You can do better than…” He paused to gesture vaguely in Dean’s direction, “…
“It exhibits prophet-like properties. Few know of it and even fewer have used it, but apparently one can use it to see information about a person, event, location, or anything else much the way a prophet would.”
Lisa Braeden’s voice tentatively accused.
Other than the cleanliness, the inside was unremarkable; at present, the circular space was lit only by the light spilling in from narrow windows far above his head, although unlit torches sat in modest sconces along the walls. Curiously, above each torch was a scorch mark, a sign that these torches had not only been lit recently, but were lit often. To his left, a winding staircase began and twisted upwards, curving along with the tower; presumably, that led to Princess Hannah. Just before the first step, the wall dipped sharply outwards to form an alcove, but from his current angle he couldn’t tell whether it housed anything.
“What wedding?”
Dean’s voice rose once more with renewed courage. “Of course I mean it! You said we have a—a profound bond, and I
“Well, his wings were in this dimension again. From what I understood when I nearly suffocated on a feather—which, by the way, was a horrible way to wake up—his wings show up when his grace is low.”
The sun was already well on its way to the center of the sky by the time Castiel awoke the next morning, a dull ache blooming persistently behind his eyes—the result of the previous night’s turmoil, he was certain.
Crowley ushered his assistant back onto the stage for the next auction and indicated the new information projected on the screen behind him.
, for them out there in the wild world. Try as he might to sympathize, Castiel couldn’t help but envy that quandary, for to him it felt rather like freedom. Freedom to choose who he loved, freedom to choose to love in the first place.
Castiel reached to cover her hands where they fidgeted in her lap. “I apologize; I should make myself more available to help, even if only to decide on napkin colors.”
Eyes as crystal clear as the oasis back home blinked up at him slowly. A small hand cupped his cheek, as though to ascertain that he was not a figment of the imagination. Castiel leaned against her, surprised that the affectionate gesture made him feel calm and safe, where, in any other situation, he would likely feel awkward and uncomfortable.
Hannah’s reflection appeared next to his own.
The assistant gave the chain a downwards tug, indicating that Castiel should drop to his knees, but no such move of submission was made. Dean watched as Meg kicked at the backs of Castiel’s legs once, twice, before he buckled and dropped to the floor.
Castiel nodded once more and departed.
“Identify yourself,” Castiel commanded, holding the man’s gaze. Neither his voice nor the ornamentation on his clothes that announced his royal status seemed to cow his opponent, however. Much to Castiel’s annoyance, the other man smirked as though he found Castiel amusing.
More than once, Castiel had to stop himself from grinding his vessel’s teeth as he watched the whorls of glowing magic sweeping across Dean’s temples. Jack tried every hour or so to distract them all with conversation, Sam could be heard pacing back and forth in the hallway more often than not, and Castiel was doing his level best not to let his worry boil over, lest he snap unkindly at both of them.
“In all the stories we know, the unity ceremony is always preceded by a wedding,” he explained, “I’ve been wondering whether some aspect of marriage impacts the unity ceremony; if not, it stands to reason that one can be done without the other, meaning—”
"Thanks, Cassie," Gabriel said, ignoring the irritated huff from the doctor at the name. "I'll keep him with me until his meds are gone and decide what to do from there."
There was silence save for the gentle echo of footfalls against stone and the crackling of kindling as each new torch was coaxed to life. Dean’s unexpected presence and their subsequent battle had distracted Castiel from his worries, but now his heart hammered in his chest. He was here, truly here at last, to fulfill the first parts of his long foretold destiny. In a matter of minutes, he would lay eyes on his soulmate for the first time, would kiss her awake and fall madly, deeply in love. A part of him was sincerely excited at the prospect.
Someone
be, were he in the physical world), Castiel let himself be carried along.
Dean smiled wider and leaned forward to press another soft kiss against Castiel’s mouth.
Only by the good grace of his creators was he spared an untimely decapitation when a sword swung near-silently out of the alcove, halting so close to his neck that Castiel dared not swallow for fear of sending the cold, foreboding edge into his skin. The glistening sword retracted, scraping menacingly along the corner of the alcove, and Castiel lept back and drew his own sword at last.
Once upon a time, before there were lands or seas or the cosmos, there was a light.
In some versions, the sleeping princess was guarded by a fearsome dragon; in others, the princess had been cursed to sleep for one hundred years by an evil witch. There was even a version wherein the princess’s soulmate had to prove themselves by freeing a sword from a stone. Luckily—or perhaps
But despite the kingdom’s prosperity, despite the good health of their people and the bountiful resources they had been blessed with, the King and Queen were plagued by a solitary black stain of despair: they were unable to conceive. In public, the Queen put on a brave face and tended to her people’s woes as needed, but in the privacy of their home the King would find her, tucked in on herself and rocking as she wept in agony.
In his imagination, Dean would not only be aware of his presence, but pleased by it. He would beckon Castiel forward into the water, a cheeky, knowing smile on his lips as he took Castiel by the wrists and directed him to flatten his palms against Dean’s chest. Castiel would marvel at the softness of Dean’s skin under his fingertips, dragging his hands across all he could reach.
It did not escape him, of course, that Hannah had also given no indication that she desired more intimacy than they already had—insofar as he had noticed, anyway. That said, maybe she was just waiting for Castiel to sweep her off her feet and court her properly.
The sentence came to a jerky halt as Dean surveyed the room, and promptly lost track of his words. Sooty feathers littered almost every available surface, and several were either severely bent or broken entirely. Castiel stood near the still open door, devoid of his shirt and tie. His wings were wispy shadows that flicked tiredly behind him, although Dean thought he could see several places coming in and out of focus.
“Showtime,” Dean said with a smile. There would be time for more kisses later.
Why could he feel nothing but apprehension?
“Hm? Oh, no I’m good,” he said, before hunching over the table again. Dean turned back to the stove with a shrug.
love each other. Together, we will lead our kingdoms down this continued path of peace.”
, whether by accident or a hand on a shoulder, or feet knocking under the table, or whatever. What was Cas’ problem all of a sudden? He’d clearly done something to make Cas angry at him, but he didn’t know what, and if Cas wasn’t going to share that with him then there was nothing to be done. They had bigger problems, anyway.
Castiel’s eyes were brighter than Dean had seen them in a long time, and his mouth twitched like he was containing a smile.
“Dean,” the man replied, pulling out a long torch and a tinderbox, the former of which he handed to Castiel.
This time, the man laughed lowly, flipping his sword so that the hilt danced across his knuckles until it made a full revolution.
Now that he had finally,
With a rush of air and a soft rustling of hidden wings, Gabriel materialized next to him. “Castiel! Heaven is celebrating—well, as much as Heaven
he saw it.
But he’d never been in this position before, had never had
“What made you realize...?” Dean asked.
Memories, half-formed thoughts, stray song lyrics, and various other contextless bits and pieces flitted by too quickly for Castiel to do more than glance at them, but some parts were easily recognizable. Sam was a recurring figure, of course, as was the rumble of Baby’s engine and the cold metal of Dean’s favorite gun against his palm. His own face flashed past him and without meaning to Castiel latched on, feeling another tug behind his navel as he was shifted into the memory he’d trailed.
“Just place a few pieces in the center—” Dean artfully arranged a few slices of fruit. “—and then fold up the sides, like so.” Each point of the triangle was pulled gently into place atop the fruit.
He met Castiel at a park across from the suspected werewolf’s house just as the streetlights came to life. They settled on a park bench where they were partially hidden from view by a tree, and Dean took out his binoculars to get a good look at the werewolf.
Castiel’s puzzlement must have shown in his expression, because Hannah laughed quietly and turned to face him properly.
And of all the frightening circumstances he’d heard about or imagined for himself, none terrified Castiel more than the idea of falling in love with a person he’d never met.
“I know. Nonetheless, I’d rather you did not touch me that way.”
Try as he might to keep his mind otherwise occupied, Dean remained at the forefront of his thoughts. It was comforting, in some small measure, to have heard that he and Hannah were not alone in lacking romantic feelings for each other in spite of the expectation that they would soon marry. Castiel wished he could travel to the past, visit that time in Dean’s life and ask him if his friends and family had understood when the relationship did not evolve as expected.
Belatedly, it occurred to Castiel that this was the first time he’d been invited to Dean’s bedroom. Dean beckoned him inside when he knocked and Castiel inhaled as he stepped through the door. The scent blockers prevented him from being enveloped in Dean’s scent the way he might have been otherwise, but it was still strongest in here. Traces of leather and whiskey drifted tauntingly past him, enough to intrigue but too faint to catch more of.
“That’s right,” Sam said, perking up. At Jack’s perplexed look he summarized: “A few years back we came across a Djinn that fed on people’s fears instead of their hopes and dreams. Instead of being dropped into your perfect world, you’d end up stuck in some variation of your worst nightmare.”
wedding. Castiel considered that he was not nearly as clever as his mother supposed; he knew, of course, that he and Hannah were destined to join their grace in a show of unity between their kingdoms. He also knew that such a ceremony was typically preceded by a grand wedding to recognize and celebrate true love and all its wonders.
He turned to fill the pot with water from the pump. Dean wasn’t looking at him, but the corner of his mouth was ticked up in an amused grin. Castiel watched as he worked deftly, familiarly with his newly made dough, as though he’d done so many times. “I didn’t know you could bake.”
Castiel had suspected that the paintings, like the stories they supplemented, were embellished in places, and was therefore taken mildly by surprise two days later when a stone tower loomed into view over the tops of the trees, looking every bit like its painted replica. In fact, so exact was the structure ahead that Castiel wondered dimly whether the painting had instead served as a model.
“It’s a safety precaution; running this auction is involved enough without having to settle claim disputes if an omega’s scent triggers some alpha’s rut. The blockers will wear off within twenty-four hours.”
of love for each other.”
Dean peered curiously over his shoulder and Castiel held his breath, wanting desperately to conceal himself further behind the oak tree but worried that any movement would give him away. At last, Dean seemed to decide that he was under no threat and turned back out to the water, leaving Castiel unnoticed.
Castiel barely contained his snort of amusement; it struck him as ridiculous too, that he had not fallen in love with Hannah. He shook his head.
“Well, the other victims woke up, didn’t they?” Jack asked.
“Dean,” Sam’s tone was serious as he sank back into his chair. “Do you think Cas is, maybe, not telling us how bad Lucifer roughed him up?”
“Everyone has a weak spot,” Dean offered. Truthfully, he was impressed that it had taken so long to find something Castiel truly struggled with. He and Sam had been pushing him hard for the past few weeks, speed training him on as many of the basic skills needed for a heist as they could think of.
“This…might not be a good time, Dean.” His voice was strained and tired, and though Dean knew better he could have sworn there were dark circles forming under his eyes. The bubble returned and grew.
Castiel had been looking down at the book in his own hands as he came into the room, but his demeanor shifted the instant he noticed Sam was not alone. He didn’t finish his sentence, opting instead to stare coldly at Dean, who was staring just as coldly back.
Eventually, Dean let his cheek rest upon his crossed arms. The sunlight swept warmly over him, highlighting the gold in his hair and accentuating the slight, natural upturn in the corner of his mouth. Though he was too far away to see them now, Castiel could imagine the smattering of freckles across his nose and cheeks, crafted earlier in Dean’s life by the very same sun. Dazzling eyes blinked lazily, sleepily in his contentment, and Castiel wished he were close enough to see how many shades of green could be found in the refracted light bouncing from below off the water’s surface. He imagined Dean letting him get close enough to sweep his thumb over a freckled cheek or trace the bow of his upper lip, or even kiss against the round of a sun-warmed shoulder.
There was a twenty-four-hour emergency animal hospital just a fifteen-minute drive away, according to his phone.
Dean blanched and struggled with renewed fervor against whatever held him in place, but it did no good. For a moment, Castiel assumed Michael had been referring to him as he was the only other being present; instead, indecipherable whispers filled the space and grew steadily louder as Dean struggled fruitlessly against his restraints.
“I—what? Of course not,” Castiel bit back, flushing slightly. He had largely outgrown his unfortunate habit of voicing things before his thoughts had caught up with him, but every now and again it resurfaced to haunt him. “Why do you have Princess Hannah’s grace?”
“Do you worry for your safety?” Dean asked, eyes shifting to scrutinize Castiel anew.
Dean laughed. “I don’t have strong preferences about it, actually,” he corrected. Castiel frowned, and Dean tapped at his temple cheerfully. “Did you forget this was a training exercise?”
Castiel set his mug down and eagerly began rolling his sleeves out of the way as Dean shaped another bit of dough for himself.
made Dean look towards the window sill where Simba was napping in the remaining early-evening sunlight. He fidgeted in his sleep, teetering precariously for a moment before tumbling gracelessly to the floor. Dean snorted.
Dean did not wake.
“Truly?” she breathed, searching him for some hint of deception.
“I was only trying to help.”
Eventually, Dean found him in the crowd, slightly tipsy and with a bright smile on his face. He slung an arm around Castiel’s shoulders and pulled him close, speaking softly into his ear.
, every time the crust of a baguette crackled satisfyingly under his knife, pride and fondness swelled in his chest.
It hurt.
After what felt like hours of silence he swore quietly to himself. This was so stupid; why did it feel so impossible to talk?
The silence between them—Dean’s considering, Hannah’s cautiously hopeful, Castiel’s curious—stretched on until at last, Dean’s expression softened.
He snorted. “And what does it cost the user? I’ve never known the universe to be so generous as to give away such a valuable thing.”
“Here I am,” he agreed, diverting from his intended path to join his mother amongst the greenery, “Have you been looking for me?”
"I'm always greeted second in this house," Dean said, pouting in mock-petulance. Cas laughed, stepping forward to slip his arms around Dean's waist.
, albeit indirectly. At least one retelling involved a fearsome dragon standing between the adventurer and their sleeping mate. In that version, the dragon was meant to be vanquished as proof of character. But maybe he had been wrong to interpret that literally; maybe the dragon was much more symbolic than the illustrations suggested.
“Oh.” The reply was just as flat as the rest had been. “The desire is not mutual.”
"Hey Dean," came Gabriel's unusually raspy and cheerless voice, "Sorry to do this to you but I've been up all night with a fever and some kind of stomach bug. I'm not going to make it in today."
Simba shook himself a little, stretching forward and then backward, before trotting cheerfully over to Dean.
Bless my beta.
Anna paused as the feeling bubbled up in her chest, but as soon as she sought to find the source, it vanished entirely. Confused, she collected herself and continued where she had left off.
“What do you mean?”
“Yeah, Ian. He was tied up next to Dean, but he woke up about an hour after we got him down.” Sam’s brow furrowed. “Ian
Although her thin nightclothes obscured his vision, the slope of her chest as it rose and fell with her breathing did not escape him. It was easy to imagine someone like him wanting to wrap her in their arms and smooth their fingers over her hair and down her back, gripping indulgently at her soft curves.
” Balthazar shakes his head. “
. He’ll have to stay as Dean Smith now until this blows over, if it does, and what good is that? Sammy’s up at the First Choir, and if Dean’s not careful, they’ll be onto him as well.
Hannah asks seeming to figure it out. “
“I don’t follow that weirdo,” Dean points out, getting her to pout, “Man runs havoc all over the Garden, you’d think he was trying to bring down a Seraph to us.”
“At least one of them likes a Smith party, even with a dress,” Mick mutters as Millie takes his arm. He pats Millie’s hand, and they catch a glance of Uriel glaring daggers at the two of them. Mick seems ready to do more, but Millie pulls away a bit. “Don’t start that. You got in enough trouble last time.”
The man nods as Castiel gets back into his car, driving away and back to his house. The place is empty without Dean, emptier still due to everyone being in town still and working to see what they can do. He wishes there was a better way of doing this, or a way to do this that would have Dean here. Still, knowing he’s safe and sound is a far better thought than having to worry about where he might be, and what his safety is.
Dean looks over at him, then shrugs. “Not soon. They want the meetup to be by nightfall.” Castiel considers the lie carefully. Dean’s lies were transparent now, but most of them were something that seemed to be geared towards protecting either himself, or whoever he was meeting. “It’s not going to be a big deal, Cas.”
“Why do you say that?” Balthazar asks as Uriel watches him examine the layout of the sewer, maintenance tunnels, and the like before they spot it.
The first part of your life was still determined by your family, their standing, and what was expected or wanted for you, and how that would mold you in life. Beyond that, the schools, jobs, and Placement Centres would work through the child’s life, doing the data analysis, Evaluation, until it was time for the final part, Placement, occurred. It meant what had once been the town center was now the Centre, where all of the official records, work, and Evaluations took place. Of course, other Evaluations could occur depending on the person or the family - some groups had their own Evaluations and Placements, but everyone was built around the original template created, and only shifted to meet the specified demands.
“That’s why I didn’t want to come here,” Naomi states as she goes after a servant with drinks. The group move around with everyone, watching over everything and frowning when they see that Davies isn’t there, or if he is, he’s hiding quite well. Bela and Dean are working on speaking and the like, easily explaining away Miss Smith’s sudden need to head out, possibly with Davies helping her travel.
“We’ll see what we can do to draw Creaser out, but carefully. If we’re not careful he’ll spill or try to call in another Hunter, one who’s less likely to take things in stride, or he’ll get Christian or someone else back here.” That was probably the bigger threat - that a Campbell would come after the Hunter did. “Benny, we’re going to go in a week’s time and get some supplies from our contacts, as well as more items to set up the house and make it defensible. If you can get a few servants who need a place, do so.”
“You know the price,” the runner says, his voice rough from the run. “You didn’t mention that it was big enough to pull a
So sorry for the rushed ending! At this point I needed to head to bed and wanted to get it out. Also I have homework. I promise to update with more smexy times if needed.
Castiel growls against Dean’s shoulder as he thrusts one final time, the electric sensation making Dean climax as well, shaking as the Seraph thrusts into him a few more before he removes his hand from the mark on him. The moment that happens, Dean falls forward, exhausted from the sensations that still move through him. His mind hadn’t quite caught up with the fact yet that he allowed a Seraph to screw him so thoroughly that he doubts he’ll be able to get out of it without dropping everything of himself.
That despite everything Dean had once suffered, they trust Castiel so fully with not just all they wrote, shows Dean that in a way, they want Castiel to accept them and for their worry to be proven wrong, even this once. That Castiel finds them during a ride two days later and simply asks a few questions - the nature of the rune, and if he might allow the Garrison to know and help protect that secret - makes Dean feel like they finally found someone to confide in. Though they aren’t sure about allowing the Garrison to know, since Naomi was haughty even to Millie, and Balthazar being...himself....
Dean’s wiped by the time he gets to the apartment he uses as Dean Smith, and the possibility of calling in sick dances through his head briefly before he throws it out. He can’t afford the scrutiny of being out, and even if he takes that chance, what will he do with that time off? He already got into an abandoned, half-refurbished Third Tier apartment he used back before Cold Oaks and used up all the water ration before having to wipe down with alternate means. At least Smith’s apartment was still good, but too much there would also cause a few notices. The little dip had meant he now had to abandon two places in the Third Tier, and while he could see his phone blinking from missed calls and voicemails, he didn’t have the time to go through all of them or whatever Bobby had to complain to him about.
Dean blinks at the question, looking over at Castiel with surprise before slowly shaking his head. “I just gotta go meet up with him tonight. He didn’t say why there’s another test or anything. Didn’t tell me much, but I don’t think I would’ve listened to him if he had.” He lets out a snort. “I’m kinda pathetic like that.”
alone. It’s strange, just how the focus being more on
Henriksen nods to Dean briefly before saying, “
If he’s honest, Castiel almost doesn’t want Dean to go after whoever he’s searching for. Still, when he gets back from the meeting and talks about what the Men of Letters might be planning, he’s surprised to see Dean still there, leaning against his desk and looking almost defeated. He closes the door quietly, walking up slowly and looking over at him to figure out what was going on.
Castiel nods and heads up with George, the servant in question, to the nearest guest room. Upon entering the room, he finds Uriel sweating and pale. His hand is wrapped expertly, and a quick check shows that the spirit did try something, attacking Uriel’s Grace, their power. Such a thing meant....
“Then is Mr. Davies not here?” Hannah asks, curious and looking around the room as Dean continues to move.
“Chickens?”
Meg shrugs, noticing some of the maids coming over. “I need to get back to work, it seems. You have a lovely, rumor-free day.”
said.” Millie tries but fails to keep the disdain out of their voice. When they look up, Cas’ blue eyes are shining brightly as he watches Millie, catching them off guard. Though he’s a bit shorter than Millie and Dean, he doesn’t seem surprised that both are the same height, nor does Cas seem to notice anything else that would signal how similar Millie and Dean look. It’s something Millie is used to in some ways, but Cas’ look is less about who Millie was or who they were related to, but instead more about
They speak on other topics as they reach the main pathway to the road, the soft glow of the various protections getting Castiel to relax upon seeing them, though they do remind him of a few things. Watching Dean as they walk through the path, recalling the last time he’d walked with Millie Smith, how things had turned out, but mostly how she and Dean were so alike, how besides the hair, they were—
“A few of them do,” Dean argues back as they pause to check the entrance and disturbed wood over the main entrance. He glances around the entrance again, noting the familiar magical seal before blowing out a breath in annoyance. “Well...that could be either Bailey or one of the uncles. Never did get their names right.”
not anything else I’d ever heard!” He lets out a long huff and looks over to Castiel, self-loathing shining in his eyes. “I fear I have caused you damage, and have made our standing with the Smith’s poorer than it was before.”
“I hate it. I hate him for not wanting you, and I hate that you want only him. I hate that...at the end of all this, he may even pick you. I just...I want you to pick me.”
Dean smiles at the Angel, though they don’t quite feel the full weight of it. “Believe what you will, Angel. My worth was only towards what I could do for my family, as are all of us in these trying times. I failed miserably, and so I am what I said I was...Smith or Winchester, that is the way others will view it.”
them, I never
Uriel points out, “
“You took your time returning,” Castiel’s voice is low and sultry in the dark room, getting Dean to smile a bit when he sees him.
“He is to me,” Castiel points out, getting her to glance away in anger, “and he is to Sam Winchester. Whatever else, he is important enough to start a fight with the Hunters over their treatment of someone they state they hold dear. I don’t know what else they might do, but I want Dean happy. He was not happy with the Hunters, I think. But until he speaks on it himself, we only have the reports.”
, more than sees or hears, the signs of the Seraphim coming for him.
Castiel nods, though he doesn’t like it. Winchesters – a family that had disappeared when the Men of Letters had attempted their coup, not realizing they were doing it at the same time as Lucifer. Of course, considering they and Lucifer’s generals had run a string of underground Auctionhouses, it’s likely that was where they got their men and others from.
The simple, straightforward manner in which Castiel says this seems to deflate Sam, but his anger only returns in a silent way that is in no way similar to Dean’s, save for the way he puffs up in annoyance and gets ready for a fight. “What did you say?”
“You look so beautiful like this,” Allen mutters against the crook of his neck, nipping at it briefly before he pulls back, enough to pull out something as one of his hands moves down and between his legs, briefly stroking Dean’s cock to fullness, hand already slick with something. He’s never been this sensitive, and so out of it that he can’t keep track of his partner. He’s surprised as he feels Allen start to push a finger in, moving them further onto the bed. Dean ends up letting go of Allen’s tie at this point, and still feels like he’s at a disadvantage. Even when Allen lets go of him to move him up, he’s still so aware of how his body is overly-sensitive to any of Allen’s touches.
Dean relaxes as Castiel moves to secure the unconscious woman, sitting back as he hears the others outside. “Seraphs may be called due to the nature of this place. We should leave soon if you do not want to be met by them.”
“Great,” the man that Dean was helping mutters as he stumbles to stand. “What about Dean?”
“So, the good news is that it’s not as bad as I thought. The bad news is that you tried, but it’s still pretty rotten.”
“If I mix you up more in this, Sam will take your head,” Dean had told him, offering a weak smile before taking his hand and kissing it as well. “You’re a wonderful person, but I can’t tie you more into this. If you ever need my help, though, you have it.” Gordon had looked at him sadly, having ensured Dean and Mick got somewhere safe, and then left after ensuring he’d been cured. However, considering that the next time Dean heard anything, it had been that Gordon had killed Kubrik and was now a wanted man. The pain of that had caused Dean to decide to take the simple name of ‘Smith’ and not return.
Naomi looks surprised to see the two as Balthazar stands, saying, “Oh, Castiel, are you returning the favor for the Smith’s helping Uriel? Or did you decide to anger Mr. Smith by flirting with his sister?”
Dad had done that before. It was why Dean knew what to get, and how. They
Millie begins to find the walks useful, especially after they worked to keep Fielkett running, and was trying to get ready for when Dean arrives and they head out to...somewhere else. Maybe this time they’ll go on some long travel...on their own….
Dean pushes that thought of his mind as he hears the static build in the background. He’s near enough to the Walls to see the shaking begin, and it’s discordant enough to let him know that this isn’t one pull – it’s
“He was in reserve since he’s not done anything like this, and simply watched us work.” She noticed his worried look. “I don’t want him in a dangerous situation where he might get hurt. Not right now, either way.”
Dean goes back to the study after lunch to finish up the correspondence, the first to Castiel, thanking him for sending Balthazar and offering some game, fishing, or something from the library since the stream hadn’t quite been filled yet, before mentioning that they may need help later. The one to Lady Bevell is far more curt, calling her out for writing out a letter to a failed Bunker, and that they will speak to all the others when they were perfectly ready and fine, considering what they were called at the last ton.
The supposed Hunter soon leaves, though not before making himself a supposed nuisance before finally disappearing. None of the Angels had run into the Hunter, and Meg had avoided the man after he’d thrown some abuse at her and a servant. It hadn’t been a long time after that when Fielkett had sent out invitations to a ball, which Balthazar had smirked about upon reading it. “Apparently, though Mister Smith won’t be there, his sister hopes to entertain us, as she’ll be spending some time there as well.”
Sonny tapped the side of Dean’s head. “You mean outside of here?”
He hears an annoyed snort before Dean says, “No…but I doubt telling you will help the situation. I’m also guessing you and the other two went after the Hunters for a reason.”
The tone does not change when Miss Smith disappears a few days later, though there are rumors as to where she might be. Her brother arrives at the same time with Benny and the new servants. The work to take out the Dreadfuls takes up the next few days. Naomi begins to waiver on their dislike when Benny arrives with a simple invitation, though he appears quite upset with the Garrison.
“This is the old one, from before the Troubles. Luckily the spirits here are quiet, or tend towards staying within this area over bothering anyone. I would say they’re far more benevolent than malicious. It’s only after the Ganems were taken by the Dreadful that the spirits became dangerous for a short period of time.” Millie glances around as they continue to walk near each other. It’s so strange that Castiel is so...soft? No, that’s not quite the word for it. Millie tries hard to figure out what it is as they walk and speak, mostly about the area or any local spot of notice.
Uriel lets out a sigh as he relaxes a bit. “Davies...was…”
There’s a sudden slamming of the front door, getting Dean, Benny, and two other servants to rush towards the front. Others rush to the back or the protected areas, not about to get into any sort of fight. Dean and the others hadn’t demanded they fight for the house - better they leave and get help over die with the household - and both Dean and Benny make it to the foyer before hearing Mick say, “It’s us!”
? How far up does Sammy plan to go with these bastards? How far is he already? Disappearing from radar had not been part of their plan, and he’d had to do a lot to even try to catch up with him, let alone get to this point. Everything he’d had to do - all the people, the money, the work - and for Sammy to be somewhere up in the First Choir? Why is he
, in his room, and with something that could spell trouble for him. Did he think that being shy and coy would do it for the Investigator? It was probably just a surprise at what was going on, but still…this wasn’t who he was.
“Avoidance, I’ve found, is sometimes the best,” he and she take another turn, “but what else can we do with things that are unpleasant?”
Dean lets out a breath. “Bobby, why the fuck do you need that motor?”
When Dean had been younger, and learning about the work that the Winchesters and Campbells did at the seat of their governesses, they’d believed fully in the Cause. Over time, things were how they were. They believed that the Campbells were Blessed, that the Winchesters noble, and that the family motto was true.
“I see.” He does, of course. Though there were drones and automated delivery systems in Cities and more Civilized towns, the areas like this near Savagelands or in rural Civilized areas tended towards humans as opposed to robotic ones. Most of this reason was due to having humans checking on live animals and their well-being, but also with ensuring that packages with said live-animals were not hurt by robots that might malfunction. An area so close to Savagelands would definitely have someone like Dean Winchester working in this area, far enough out from the Centre that it would cause some trouble for Enforcers of any group to come out here to get him back there.
“Nothing concrete, but I believe a Hunter is in our Inn. He came in nearly a week ago, but has been acting quite unhappily. He tends to go on long walks and returns looking quite upset about something.” She huffs in annoyance, “I think he knows the Smith party - he saw Miss Talbot in town and was most agitated by her presence.”
“Though if I’d kept that name, I’m sure I’d be having a
, Dad had called them,
“Samandiriel is missing, and I heard news from the town. That Hunter, Creaser, returned last night and tried to ask about something.”
“Dean.”
Castiel comes to ensure Uriel's health, and a list is mentioned.
“You don’t,” Sam sneers, huffing in exasperation. “I had someone match me fully. You know what Dean did to her?”
“I’m sure there are a few in Sandover who can easily do the work well, without anything wrong. Perhaps you should be more open to teaching others, so the burden isn’t so big, or dangerous to you.”
fully clothed. He’s still in the tan overcoat, black suit, and blue tie that somehow got turned around backwards. Dean reaches up with his free hand to twist it back around, but instead finds himself just holding onto it, like a lifeline.
“It was nothing,” Castiel tells him, recalling the precision and majesty that Millie had fought the Dreadfuls, and how quickly they had managed to fight them off. “I know you and she dislike what we spoke of when I was here last, but I will say that she is indeed an accomplished woman. I owe you an apology for any doubt I may have had.”
” Hannah proposes.
Castiel sighs at the tone. “If you try to escape—.”
So the call from the guy is a bit of a surprise, and that it’s a call for help….Well, that just means it gives Dean something to focus on during the month. However, he isn’t about to just go down to help the guy. At the same time, he’s not surprised that the guy called him. The guy and his friends are not quite burning bridges, but the Savages here are not exactly happy with how things are going, and the few Placed are not exactly set up to deal with any of the work for everything that was needed, just themselves.
“Probably, though I’m going off what little I’ve seen of the place,” Dean tells him as he parks and puts the car on break, “I haven’t seen all of the damage yet. Wanna give me a tour?”
“A ball?”
” Dean feels himself stiffen at that accusation. “
The question of why now, and what Mick had told him, only echoes in his mind at that. Who did Mick work for? What did they mean by ‘legacy’, and what the hell were they planning?
“He runs with them,” Bela points out, getting Dean to glance over at her, “and he all but called you baggage for the Campbells before. Wouldn’t hurt for him to feel it’s sting.”
“You’re pushing yourself into this right now.”
“My boss, Allen…Bobby, he was
Castiel considers this, wondering about it, and then looks over to them both. “I don’t see why I should promise to not have any ‘designs’ on one who appears to believe they are already being courted by an Angel. I’m sure you don’t understand what that means, and as I do not know of a Lady Winchester, I cannot make that promise.” Now Master Singer looks upset, and Castiel considers a long moment before adding in, “You both arriving here could be seen as confirming my so-called ‘designs’ upon her, and now you both are acting as if the lady has no say in who she might choose to love or who she believes is best for her in her age.” He notices that both men appear only somewhat chastised by this, which is at least a start. If what they claimed was true, then he and Dean - or Millie - had to speak quickly. “If you both were here simply for congratulations, questions, or something else about anything else, perhaps I or my Garrison could have helped, but as we don’t know anyone by the name of Lady Winchester, and the only ‘Millie’ in the area is currently on holiday elsewhere, I suggest you speak to her brother, Mister Smith, at Fielkett.”
“I did,” Bela told them as Benny nods in agreement, continuing with what he’d been told by Phillip and the others. The Dreadful had attacked even before Christian got out, and spread fast. It’s likely something else was working there, which Dean had to agree on - likely there’s a Fell-touched nearby, or the Ganems tried something and failed at it. Christian had realized he couldn’t fight them, closed and sealed the entrance, and left. The end result was many of the servants had been trapped with the Dreadfuls.
Dean is quiet at that for a moment, giving Castiel a strange glance, before saying, “I suppose, though we do have a brother...though we practically raised him, we are not as close as I believe he thought us to be with him.”
Meg glances at him before saying, “Perhaps the fact that the Dreadfuls attacked after so long caused some issues, though I’m sure Naomi’s failed learning of seals on Fielkett also colored your prejudice.”
” “Sammy…” –
“I would have not bothered you all, but the path there was full of Dreadfuls. I would like to send word first, so we might clear the path and not put anyone else in danger. Though none were quite dangerous, a lot of them could cause one. On top of that, though they are Dreadfuls, one could be powerful.”
or not, you need to answer these questions, Dean.”
“Emmanuel,” Dean’s voice cuts off the rambling, and he lets go of the side of the towel he was gripping for dear life, standing slowly to look at him in his full, naked self. He’s never seen such wide-eyed panic, causing Dean to feel like an idiot. He shifts and gets the towel back, shaking his head and saying, “I feel fine, sir. Just let me get dressed and I can head into work.”
Castiel nods as Dean gets his stuff and heads out, Castiel letting out a sigh as tries to keep his mind on straight. Whatever was going on, the priority was finding and stopping the Men of Letters. Everything else would come after that.
The tall man huffs for breath as he runs down the wet streets, keeping to the shadows as the men behind him shout and stumble after him. The scheduled rain for this part of the agricultural sector makes it harder for him to follow as he cuts between tiered vertical shelves and shifts to grab hold of one, riding it up to get better access to a few rooftops nearby. He jumps easily, rushing over the roofs and landing semi-gracefully before taking off again.
“Had a hard time sleeping,” he mutters, “and Allen called today...he didn’t sound so happy. I’m not sure what happened to get him to be so upset.” No need to mention Allen called at his home and figured out who he was.
Shaking, adrenaline pushing him forward as the building static echoes through his head, he twists and rushes, picking the straight line to the vent that the Seraphim won’t follow him into, leaping over obstacles and using his momentum to keep going, hearing the thing taking a parallel path, though it sounds like it’s above him.
“No more than some siblings, no less than others. We were always together for many years, and now that we can be apart, freedom is odd in its own ways.” She glances at him as they turn. “Why? Were you hoping for him?”
Dean comes back to help get things set up, letting out a huff as they do. “I’ve been baggage to him his whole life, then he got bamboozled by someone he thought was like that.”
Allen for saving him. He
acting strange to only those who know it. If he does favor Mr. Davies, he’d better start to act like it.”
“In that case...perhaps the Centre is not best for him at the moment. Empyrean would like for him to have some sense of justice, and unless he wishes to speak on behalf of himself, in front of a Judge and others, he may need to wait. I know this might not be what he wants...but it is already in motion. You may also be wary. My own inquiries might result in Hunters coming this way. If so, please call upon us. My brother, Uriel, owes Dean a debt.”
Castiel lets out a breath as he looks over at Dean. “How long before you have to leave?”
“The physician mentioned that when speaking to Dean yesterday,” Miss Talbot confirms before saying, “I’m also glad you decided to stay. If either of you need anything, please let us know.” She curtseys as Naomi offers a tight smile to Miss Talbot.
"It takes Dean a week to wear Cas down and let him sleep in the house."
“C-Cas…fuck, Cas, please, ah…ah, fuck,” he’s so hard, and each thrust is just spiking his pleasure again, “Ca-Cas…”
“I know. But that doesn’t stop me from hating it, and him, and all that lead us here. I wish I could focus more.” She sniffs. “I’m no use to you like this.”
Benny chuckles. “Sounds right, but this time he did pull one. Whatever they paid him to get, must’ve been hot.”
in a way how well they work, how easily they fit, and how much Dean enjoys it.
“And why are you telling me this?”
“No,” Castiel admits, finally looking at Sam Winchester fully, “because I understand Dean as he is now. If he allows me into his life, I can learn how he was. Beyond that, I would like for him to return with me to a home we both worked on, and I would like for him to remain with me there. If he wishes to continue his work as an Enforcer, that is for him to decide. If he decides to remain as a postal worker, then that is for him. If both, then I am fine. If neither, also fine. However, that is up to him to decide, and so long as we are compatible, I don’t see how that is anyone’s business but our own.”
“I already heard enough complaints and ‘compliments’ from Bal, I don’t need them from you as well, Dean,” Emmanuel Allan, Second Lead Investigator, mutters as he glances over at him in annoyance. HIs hair is once more a mess of black, and the dark circles under his eyes have grown, making the normally sharp blue eyes dull in comparison to their usual.
Bobby grunts in response as Dean gets what he needs – information, as well as some added items – before going back to his apartment. He quickly opens up the information box that the two had given him, and pull out the articles and news from the day. Walt and Roy were normally Hunters, so why would they need that motor? Bobby didn’t get a chance to look at it, and from what he can tell, neither did anyone else in the Hunting community. That meant that they were locked out of the deal…why? The motor was useful, but more than that, a Recycler down meant they could ransom it without puling a Seraph if they were
“Oh...what luck...lookit who we found?” the half-decayed man nearly lost a jaw saying that. Milie leaves him little chance to continue the thought or conversation, knife easily cutting the head off as black energy sparks but fails to leave. They hear Cas say something in Enochian, others disappearing in a bright fire while Millie pivots, stabbing one of the other Dreadfuls and swiftly pulling out the knife when a familiar hellfire of unnatural orange-yellow color flow up before burning out. Millie sees the silver short-sword flash as Castiel uses it against a few other Dreadfuls that come after him, Millie quickly speaking out as much Latin as possible to get the rest of the spirits gone.
“So far so good,” Dean tells him, the two chatting casually as he gets to the Queue. Mick was a Secretary as well, but appeared to be all over the place, not staying with any one Investigator for long. Dean supposed it was due to Arthur Ketch, an Enforcer – the more burly, dangerous versions of Investigators and LEOs – but it might be that he’s just a good guy.
Dean glances over at Castiel, his eyes curious and looking even more like Millie’s own while watching and speaking to Castiel. It’s strange, noticing that both are the same height, that they have much the same look, that though some of Dean’s look is masculine, his long eyelashes and freckles reminding Castiel of Millie’s own, and though his voice is deeper than Millie’s feminine one—
Davis looks at it as Benny Lafiette and Bela Talbot ride up, the two arguing over something or other, while Dean shakes their head as they look over at the small entrance. The lawn is overgrown, and it doesn’t have much in the way of hiding places, and what had been the long road into the main entrance to the front door was now a mass of unkempt branches and dead leaves. Though not the way most came in, outside of carriages, it still showed that even before the attack, the family here had not kept up a good household.
“What’s he doing here?”
Benny looks like he wants to protest, but Davies nods in understanding. Benny mutters a curse before nodding himself, preparing his weapons, and heading in as soon as the small board is opened, followed quickly by Dean and Davies as Bela closes the board again and marks the time.
Castiel nods in agreement as the windows and door burst open. He pulls out the silver-colored blade that all Angels carry, making the motion to activate the sigils in the area, taking out Dreadfuls while Uriel and Balthazar fight. Naomi and Samandiriel help to get others to escape while aiding in defending the exit, using polearms and other weapons available to them. It was over in a short period of time, the dead quickly checked and moved to one end of the room so they could be burned outside. Castiel easily heads out to where the new group has gone, finding them exactly where he expected, though he’s surprised by the state of things as well.
is. If that means Cas is in his life...he wants that, and he doesn’t want to have to sneak around for it.
“You are, but only by virtue of what was done to your blood. Beyond that, you are obviously someone who believes you are doing what’s right for your brother, even if he tells you it’s not.”
The name causes more than a few to make a sign of warding, though Dean himself doesn’t. If he did, he might make a sign to get himself in trouble, or an Outlander sign of disrespect and loathing.
“Depending on what it is, learn to tolerate it, or, if not that, then we’ll have to do what we can to fight it. The Dreadfuls are unpleasant enough, but you learned to defeat them. Why not apply that to other unpleasant things?”
. Dispelled or not, that was worth looking into, and worth staying and helping the town with.
“I read that part of the report, about Ruby. It was right before the fourth Evaluation. There was a fifth after it, because you and he did not match in any places...at least, not on Dean’s end were there any confirmed matches.” Castiel looks back over to Sam. “Matches should not be one-sided, Sam Winchester. I would have thought you knew that by now.”
Castiel does his best to ignore the three as they leave, knowing that whatever else, the people Dean is leading out of this area are important to him, and that makes them important to Castiel for the moment. If he’s lucky, it won’t take long before Dean can return to them.
Dean had stayed to make sure they were safe, and to make sure that they had someone to keep them safe. It had taken a bit to get all that set up, and now he was running, hoping to get to the meeting spot in time.
Castiel looks up as the resident physician knocks on the door, entering after Castiel allows him in and examining Uriel before stating, “The spirit’s attempts mean his power is working to fight off something like a cold, though the storm and foul weather contributed to his bad luck. I would say he should remain a few days, not simply to relax and refresh but also so his power can be checked for anything else. Clean water, heated over the fire, and some honey. Tea as well, if needed, mint if he catches a cough with the cold.” The physician examines Uriel a bit further before adding, “I’ve worked with a few Angels before, and though spirits are often no match for you, one that is able to get the drop on you can cause some issues. A few days rest, and I will be on call if you need me.”
It’s enough to nearly make the situation comical, if it wasn’t for the dead Hunter or the tense nature with Lord Winchester there. Sir Adler, looking at the four waiting and appearing very upset before saying, “I believe we should all head over to my home, so we might speak on this and leave the constable to his work. Though the witnesses should remain here, of course.” The smile is one that Castiel had not seen in a while, since Sir Adler was fighting at the front line, and pledging himself to Michael’s Garrison before coming here. Then, he’d been far more dangerous and far less friendly. Granted, he’d cooled after arriving in Sandover, but seeing that look, he wonders how this will go, and hopes for the best for all of them.
Mick sighs as he looks over at Dean, “This is a lot for just some crazed man.”
“N-not…not fair. Not fair sir, please keep going, fuck, ‘m sorry for lying, for—ah!” The hard thrust in him is almost enough to make him cum, if he hadn’t after that freakin’ touch. The grueling pace is just shy of brutal, and leaves Dean clinging for life as his body shakes from each pleasurable touch, the feel of buttons and cloth against his back only that much strangely sexy, the reminder that Allen - no, he’s the Seraph Castiel - wanted this, cared for this, but that they’re going to hit the ground running and…and…
“Keeping a nest out of a community is always important,” Dean says with an enigmatic smile, “as much as maintaining the wards as well. But keeping the community involved as well only means less likely for Dreadfuls taking over.”
“I’m sure after a month in town, Balthazar will be less prone to angering people,” Castiel tries as they head back in, leaving him to wonder if Dean would like that. Having the paperwork would make things so much easier, but this is...also fun. Figuring out what small word or phrase will draw out information from Dean, trying to see around the walls that Dean had built up. At the same time, all Castiel wants out of this is for Dean to get his ReEvaluation so he might properly be with Castiel, fully, and the play and dance around each other can be forgotten.
Castiel stands and picks up his coat. “I believe you were ‘played’ by the Men of Letters, or at least tested. The issue is that I can’t be sure what that test entailed fully. The Hunters were set up to have us attack them, possibly to create more strife, but the problem is that most of those you warned left, and the ones we pick up are tracked to where they go. This isn’t like their attempted coup a few generations ago.”
Dean finds the secured call nodes quickly, shifting to pull it out with his right arm as he quickly sets it to send out the warning tune into the Walls. He gives it a minute as the shaking grows stronger before he pulls and cuts out that part, the sabotage obvious but needed.
There were few other random conversations between the players before Davis says, “I always found some tend to enjoy things that are easy enough to get. Angels, though, are always very accomplished.”
Finding Sonny’s is a lot harder than the notes that Donny Hascum makes it out to be, and he drives up just as he spots someone leaving the barn nearby, the older man frowning when he sees him. “Can I help you? This is Free-land.”
There were days that Castiel almost imagined Dean Smith
“I doubted you would.”
Master Singer glares at him, and Lord Winchester growls out, “You deny it then?”
That gets Dean to pale, looking up at Castiel in a panic. “The hell do you have to report? You can just say I’m not Quicksilver.”
“It’s enough of a rumor that it could be true,” Meg told him as he finishes his own refreshments and wipes his hands, “Secondary rumors were that he and Dean Smith had a talk before Fielkett was lent. Possibly because a member of Campbell closed it up.”
Castiel nods in acknowledgment. He doubted it would be so easy, but that someone is acting as a mediator at least helps out. “Then...he’s alright?”
“You think they’ll like it here?’
“That is not, but their family beliefs on what is needed for even an accomplished woman. I fear what they would demand for an accomplished man, though Dean never mentioned any standards for it. He did state his sister reached all the requirements.”
“I know. But you can allow Samandiriel a few days, if not years, of quiet. Naomi knows what she’s doing.”
“That would be best, yes.”
Dean chuckles, shaking his head. “I don’t see why you should, unless it’s important. If it is, it’s best you ask either of us, so that you can get a straightforward answer.”
He hums, sounding a bit confused. “Shouldn’t you let your brother worry about that?”
“I wanted to make sure you were doing alright,” Mick says, some of his lower-class lit starting to come up a bit more. “This whole thing is a bit dangerous.”
. So either tell me what’s going on, or just let me know you all think I’m worthless and I’ll fuck off.”
“When given the chance, yes. It’s better to have it done right than worry someone could do it wrong.”
Millie watches the wings spread until they have got no choice but to look away, but by then they’ve seen the power released, and know why Mick risks so much to be near one, and why he cares so much for Uriel in particular.
“We should learn a bit more, so we can throw a ball here.”
Charlie nods. “We do. Let me take you to one of our rooms, and an Evaluator will be with you as soon as possible.”
“Oh, he’s Cas now?” the joke at least gets Dean to focus on something besides the pain - that was probably a main reason he’d not been the best host to Cas while he was here, and it definitely was the reason he’d avoided Balthazar’s strange knowing look and Samandiriel’s innocent one.
Benny chuckles and lets out a groan as pain comes back, massaging his sore shoulder. “He’s less of a prized stag, more a--.”
I used Millie as that's the name of John Winchester's mother, and I'm tired of all girls in the Campbell-Winchester family somehow being named Deanna first. So, Millie it is!
“Dean.”
“What’s your design on my sister?”
Uriel glares at her before letting out a huff and walking off, Samandiriel following him as Meg glances to Castiel. “What made you so upset with the dear family Smith?”
. He wasn’t so hot after all, if two runs resulted in something like this. He must get out of this situation, and fast.
“Gentlemen, please,” the British voice gets both Castiel and Uriel’s hackles to raise, Singer turning and looking ready to fight as the new person walks up, “We’re all here to figure out what’s best for the dear Squirrel. No reason we should start the arguments already.” Crowley McLeod smiles at them all as he sees Castiel and the others. A former Daemon who now ran the Crossroads Institute. He could only be here if Gabriel or the others decided to not be here, or if the Hunters decided to bring him in.
Sonny, and in some cases Bobby, deserve a lot more credit for helping Dean out than they get.
“So... was I the last thing to clear up?” He sees the cool look go from serious to suddenly nervous, a blush spreading across his face as Dean looks down at the floor. “I mean--.”
Could he deal with them if they did? Would he be able to? Dean already knows he couldn’t – if they sent Charlie, that wouldn’t happen. Benny or Mick? Maybe, but
“I didn’t know you had returned.”
“Forgive me from earlier this week, but...the house was a mess.”
The letter itself is simple enough, outlining how Uriel had come to be his sunshine self and why his attempt to court Mick had failed so miserably, but mostly, it spoke of Castiel’s own original misgivings about them, how the arrival of “Millie” had begun to turn his mind from dislike to care and love, and how their campaign against the Fell-touched had lead Castiel to understand that he did, indeed, love Dean as who they were, either as Dean or as Millie. However, he also acknowledged that he didn’t fully understand what it was Dean or Millie were leaving, nor did he understand the fear and despair they felt, and hoped the letter would clarify things and allow Castiel to become better.
Mick lets out a curse, which gets Bela to kick him under the table. “Manners.”
Dean’s smile is a bit more genuine at that, reminding Castiel of Millie’s own smiles. “Well, for that, perhaps a dance?” Castiel frowns but nods in agreement before seeing Dean do another walk around the room and doing two dances - one with Miss Talbot, another with someone else that Castiel vaguely recalled as one of those who had lived here before they arrived. Dean finds him shortly after the break, as Castiel spoke to Meg about the work to protect Sandover and the few estates around the area.
She sees him consider this as Mr. Davies heads out of the store, carrying a bag of some sort that appears quite full, and gets Meg to raise her eyebrow at him when he passes by. He tips his hat to the duo as he passes by, Meg watching him and trying to figure out what he’d gotten. Those mostly had dresses, but would they really want them? She glances over to see Uriel come out, Samandiriel looking a bit confused as well, as Castiel and she go back to where they stand.
Mick nods, then says, “Does Allen know?”
“That was the general consensus. Campbells rarely let their own leave their ranks, or tell their secrets, so being able to break a seal is quite a feat.”
It means that the moment he leaves, back to his life as Dean Winchester, the others will all be his enemies.
“We were, however the family that originally owned Fielkett were not...friendly...with us. And they had called in a Hunter from the Campbell family, who stopped our advance. By the time we were even able to get close, the entrance not full of Dreadfuls was sealed off. One of my Garrison wonders how your brother and his group even got in.”
“Oh? I thought you liked looking into the truth, not rumors.”
Sam motions to the others, the group turning to leave as Sam glares at Dean one more time before riding off, Mick muttering quietly at his retreating back, “Ride off, you Acteon.”
The angry voice is one of the first Dean hears when they arrive back. Though the nest was bad, there was also an opening on the house. It’s likely that some got out, so they’d have to take them out. That means they have to deal with that and take care of the stragglers as soon as they can.
“This will take the rest of the night. Are you sure about this, Castiel?” Uriel asks as he follows him towards the first marker.
He goes down to the main room for some food hours later, seeing the group playing some sort of game with dice. Davies stands quickly when he sees Castiel and asks about Uriel, sounding concerned. The others wait for Castiel to tell them what was going on, Dean’s eyes seeming intense in the small room.
“If they were, they’d not have come to the ball,” Samandiriel says nervously, shifting behind Castiel. Balthazar and Naomi look at him while Uriel glances over at them as Dean Smith speaks to everyone as much as he can. Bela or Charlene follow him as Michal hangs back, moving along the darker area of the hall with practiced ease.
Both men look at him as he smiles. “Dean Winchester has gotten his Placement, and accepted the envelope. We should have updates about it…” his tablet dinged a notification as Balthazar smiled. “Ah, there. Wonderful, we don’t—.” Balthazar doesn’t finish his sentence as Castiel strides out of the room, heading for the elevator and the Placement area of the Centre. It doesn’t take him long to get there, finding Dean sitting and looking over the results himself, his phone open and, it seems, checking the results himself.
It was why they were Smith now, even to Sammy when he’d found them a few weeks ago.
Castiel mutters in annoyance as he comes back to the Garden. Quicksilver had eluded him again, though this time it was due to scent and too many turns. If he came back from the compost area, that meant he was far more of a danger than they suspected. Such a reckless thing…
“Then our men will have your backs.” He nods to Bela and Michal, as well as the newcomer. “We can help with outside, so as to keep from underfoot.”
The talk soured after mentioning the Seraph, everyone quickly finished up their breakfast and grabbed the needed items for their day, heading further up and into Sandover. Dean’s own Investigator is on the top floor, and he gets there quickly, tapping twice on the door before entering and offering a smile to the man who helped him for two years.
“A servant will be up with some things to help Uriel as well.” Dean adds, though he appears worried about something, “Whatever the spirit did, he’s a bit...ill.”
Crowley gives him a smile. “Of course. Would you expect anything less? Still, the point remains to be seen. If Dean Winchester does do another Evaluation and the Placement is with the Hunters, we’ll take that into consideration. If it places him squarely with the Empyrean group, then there’s little you can do besides complain.” He smirks at Singer. “Be sure to tell Moose that, why don’t you? He’s the one pushing this, isn’t he?”
“I know the best people to call,” Dean tells them both with a smile. He had to play Dean Smith right now, until the heat’s blown over from that last part. That meant he had to be careful, and more than ever, it meant that he had to be cautious with how he dealt with Allen.
“They are trying to get more people. The last time they attempted to gain power like this, they worked in a way that resulted in their near extinction, with a few managing to hide or escape justice in some way. It’s likely that they also might be using you to control another person in their organization. They tend to do that as well at times.”
She smiles sadly at that. “I may blame him forever for taking you from me. I’m sorry, Castiel. I cannot stop my heart from how it reacts, nor my head for what it thinks.” She slowly stands. “Uriel wanted me to bring you down to the Centre. After that, I think I’ll head out. I can do more work...looking for things.”
Finding him, and getting him back, was all that mattered.
Bela blinks as a servant comes in to offer some more wine, and she nods with a tight smile. “Of course. I can’t wait to see her again. Are the others coming?”
Dean’s smile doesn’t falter, but it seems to subtly change a bit. “Of course. I believe I met him at the dance. Would you like me to send over an official letter?”
, and had enjoyed the attention as much as possible, but also disliked how quickly things had gone to small mentions of how
“He won’t,” Uriel growls out, “and you should stay away. There’s no point in you returning when all you bring is such bad luck.”
“I am doing as well as can be expected. Though I did hear something odd.”
Before Naomi can protest, Cas speaks up. “She has a point, Naomi. One of the Dreadfuls spoke briefly. Lesser spirits, even in good bodies, do not speak. They could be heralds for a greater danger.”
, “a malevolent one...stronger than what we normally see here. It was suspected one got into Fielkett at the initial loss, but we never spotted it…”
” Castiel considers those words, and also what it implied of the place where Dean Smith and his sister had grown up was, perhaps, as strict as--
Uriel looks pained as Castiel does his best to remain between him and Crowley. “We will be. Though I will have to ask - if Dean Winchester decides to not to come or take up his Placement, and goes Savage...what then?”
He had what he wanted, and he just needed to make it to the one vent. The glint of the dome that covers the Echelon and keeps the whole thing in a bubble of ignorance shimmers iridescent, and he
Millie wants to see Cas’ wings.
“Of course, forgive me.” Allen’s looking anywhere but Dean’s chest or naked self. Dean almost wants to just drop the towel and see what happens, but that’s dangerous. He has weapons behind the screen, and a way out if needed. Before he can get far, though, Allen shifts to put himself in his way, allowing him a view of the mark that Seraph had left on Dean. It gets him to freeze, wanting to move, but Allen sighs. “It’s alright. I knew.”
“The upset and the focus seems to hint at it, and I have a list of everyone taken. The two idiots are listed but from the day I got them their motor.” He pauses, hating that he must lie, but…. “Ward, an Enforcer here, thinks the Hunters are too stupid to use the motor, that they’re getting help from inside. I guess the raid made them think that Quicksilver is working for some other group.”
Castiel slowly relaxes as he reminds himself that the physician was local and knew what the Angels needed. Telling the Smith party about this was important, but at the same time, Castiel didn’t like the idea. Even to stay here with Uriel, Castiel is not sure if he should allow information out. The fact there was a Campbell seal here, and yet the group managed to get in when they couldn’t was enough to worry about. Meg and the others in town stated Smith and his party never answered how they opened it, and that only added to Castiel’s worry.
PROLOGUE
them, so sadly I cannot say they lived up to my father’s expectations, and thus cannot say they were truly accomplished, or simply given to lying.”
Balthazar laughs. “
Dean laughs as they look over at Castiel. “Yeah. I think if Jo and Balthazar feel like it, they could end up fairly interesting. Uriel wrote a letter to Mick, and they’re being cordial, at least.” Castiel had to nod at that - he’s grateful Uriel finally began to act like a gentleman. Whatever else, Castiel is grateful he’s been allowed to know Dean’s secret, and that despite it all, that Dean had been open to Castiel’s slow move to courtship. Knowing the truth, knowing Dean as they were now - as Millie and as Dean - only made Castiel’s wish to court and marry Dean all the stronger.
Allen’s next kiss is far more demanding, pushing Dean back and down onto the bed. The feel of Allen’s cock straining against his trousers, lining up with his own cock as it starts to get interested. He moans again as Allen shifts from Dean’s lips to along his cheeks and down his neck, getting him to shift and push up against Allen, shaking as he grips Allen’s tie, his left-hand fisting into the sheets.
“So, are you ever going to throw a ball here?” The question gets Dean to turn fully to their guest, confused as they look over at Balthazar.
Dean huffed, not looking at Castiel, but slowly nods. “I think letters might greatly improve our outlook on who the other is, if you were to try and court me.” Though he can’t see Dean’s face, Castiel hopes there is a smile on it.
“I’m a bit better in the female role, so I hope you don’t mind?” Castiel shook his head as an answer. Though found the mention bizarre, at the same time, he’s grateful for keeping to his normal role. The two bow, starting the dance.
“Perhaps it’s not that,” Samandiriel said, “but perhaps the other man is upset over something else?”
Castiel lets out a breath, silently pulling on his conviction and confusion for strength to figure out this truth.
Things had been quiet since The Day, and while Dean wanted to confide in
Castiel smiles a bit as he leans up, locking Dean into a deep, long kiss that has Dean’s knees weak by the end of it. “Funny. I thought it was that a Seraph caught you.”
Bela shakes her head, more at the start of their preaching over anything, before stating for Dean as they mutter a spell to release the seal, “Which is why we’re getting Fielkett. A nest here will only add to the problems overall, and the Angels will lose another township if we don’t handle it. Angels lose, we lose, no matter what London says.”
“The lady is fine. She has two items that will keep her safe, I’m sure, enough that they can easily be sent back to their estate via carriage.”
“I was thinking...if she is not dancing with Mr. Davies, perhaps you could speak to him finally? And give him
do,” Meg purrs, “but they are useful.”
“Did you hear of her coming so soon?”
Naomi made a sort of hum that had Millie worried, though it didn’t take long before Naomi declared them “fit” and offered a carriage to head home in. Uriel had already appeared with Samandiriel and Cas in the front room, Cas looking over worriedly at them as Millie offered a smile to him. At least the check was quick.
“I didn’t ask. I was focused on ensuring Uriel’s safe recovery.” He offers her a small smile as an apology, “I am not very good with rumors, remember?”
Dean’s green eyes are a bit fearful, but he slowly nods before starting to sit up, wincing a bit as he does. “Fine. What’s the question?”
The two men leave, Bobby in a huff, and Crowley full of satisfaction. Uriel walks up to Castiel, watching him glance around. “What do you need?”
He glares at her as Meg chuckles and shakes her head. “Whatever rumors there are about Mr. Smith, he at least is asking for your help and the help of the garrison. Isn’t that enough to bring him into your good graces?”
“I suppose, but at one point I may also be caring for a household. No reason to not learn the ropes.” Millie gives Castiel a smile as they walk. “What about you? Are you here for any specific reason?”
Dean sighs, nodding. That lie is easy enough to work into something semi-truthful. “Yes. At the time I…I wasn’t sure how long I’d be here. It was easier to put down a pseudonym. With all that happened--.”
“What’s wrong?”
“Yeah. I am. The ones I had to take before weren’t any good. They only made me sad, which is why I don’t push you guys into doing it like some others would.”
It’s something that made Dean Smith’s job that much harder, a fact that annoyed them as they dismounted the black horse and walked to the half-hidden, rusting ‘well’ that once gave safe passage to the estate. Impala was bred for speed, and trained for war, as good as any horse gifted to the Winchesters and Campbell alliance, and had been theirs from the moment she’d been foaled. She was imposing for her build, even without the added weight of armor and means to carry weapons, and nuzzled at their back for a treat as Dean glanced over at the darkened home.
“I did not,” Castiel admits, “though I doubt that is all you are so worried about.” Davies bows to the Smith sister at the end, Castiel noting a few other items in her dress - the sides were cut, allowing freedom of movement, and she’d danced very well with any who introduced themselves to the group. “If you are so upset by her presence, I suppose we will not have a dance with her?”
His voice cracks a bit, but Dean looks up at him when he hears it, his green eyes far less weighted than before, as he offers Castiel a smile.
Castiel is quiet at that, wondering what had brought on Mr. Smith’s strange attitudes, before going back to speak to a few others. Meg smiles when he approaches her, walking over to say, “My, you and the Smith twins make quite the talk of any ball. I think if Uriel had actually spoken a nice word towards Mr. Davies, he might have had the same attention given to them.”
“He has a point,” Castiel told Balthazar, glancing at the other Angel. “I’ve never known a Hunter or one of that stock to want an estate around here for any reason.”
He hears curses from too far behind him to continue at the same pace he’s at, but now is not the time to slow down, not in the agricultural center. If he’s not careful, they’ll catch up with him, which isn’t good. If he’s not
“Perhaps, though to look at it as anything less that simply learning and still being your base self is, also, saying it’s not.” Castiel lets out a breath, steeling himself, “I suppose despite the deceit, I found myself looking past that into how you and your sister came to be so important to this community, and thus to myself. Though you did play your parts well enough - it’s obvious to any who considers long enough what the truth is, after seeing the ease with which you go as Millie, and the difficulty you have as Dean.” Castiel stops, looking over at Dean as he stands next to him, listening, his eyes holding in what appears to be some sort of a fiery annoyance. “Am I wrong, that you learned your skills from perhaps Mr. Davies, or even Mr. Lafiette? I’m sure you could have found more suitable men to teach you, but then I’m also sure the scandal was already a bad one that you’re here, dressed as Dean Smith, without a chaperone and as a Hunter. Though I shouldn’t be so cruel, as Naomi is as dangerous as any of us Angels with her.” Dean nods for him to continue, and Castiel lets out a final breath. “Despite it all, and the possible issues, I will have to say that I have come to feel you are near your true self in many things, and that I would like to begin courting you as Millie.”
“Yeah, and we might get stuck in it,” Dean huffs, annoyance finally creeping into their voice, “I’d rather not have a cold right now.”
happy, as a means of creating more perfect and happier beings overall. They admitted to flaws and other changes - Castiel had his own issues that made some see him as ‘abnormal’, but his Placement into Empyrean had resulted in him being overall happy and content. Uriel’s abrasiveness had been tempered by Castiel’s own attitude, and the event that had tested their friendship further tempered that abrasive and cold attitude to one moving towards more understanding.
“I hate dancing,” Uriel mutters, but Balthazar’s sudden happy movement to the party gets both of them, as well as Naomi and Samandiriel, to quickly head over as Balthazar gives the Smith sister a kiss. Uriel glares at him as he pulls him back, stating to Davies, “Our apologies for him, Balthazar does not know when to avoid such things.”
“Gee, thanks.”"
Allen nods. “Quicksilver came to try to save those within the Walls, and the trail led us here.” Allen’s in Dean’s personal space now, making him swallow. The only other time he was like this was early on, when threats were his way of controlling him. Dean Smith cowed to him often enough, but Dean Winchester hated it. If he’d not needed the work, the place to hide, he’d have shot the man where he stood. Now, the sudden friction of realizing how bad things are for him makes Dean hope he can get out of this.
Uriel’s glare at the back of his head.
His only happy thought is that the Seraph also looks tired from that all, though he seems a bit more put-together than Dean currently is. He’s sweaty and tired, and probably needs another shower. That might give him a chance to collect himself and plan his next move. Right now, running is probably not a good idea - Ward is somewhere, and the Enforcer is not exactly the nicest person. Hell, outside of Ketch, Ward is probably the main one that Dean would avoid if he heard they were coming after him.
The Empyrean group’s main focus of their help was to focus on the “vessel”, the person themselves, over competitors’ push to make the
The week together only seems to work to confirm the Placement is right. Within just a short period of time, they work seamlessly together, fixing whatever issue comes up to them. Even Uriel cannot really work with Castiel so well. But each day, to have such a temptation, it made Castiel wonder if Dean knew what he was doing, who Castiel was, and what Castiel will ask of him near the end of all of this.
given us the house. I plan to send over a strongly-worded letter about it, and other parts of that letter.” They let out a sigh as they hand the letter around to be read. “Beyond that, it’s the normal drivel. Still, we should look through the house again, see if they left any hiding places.”
“Isn’t that a type of transformation?” Dean argues, glancing over at him. Castiel is mostly looking forward, but he catches it out of the corner of his eye.
Still, this whole thing reeks of a setup. Angels liked being sure of things, but if they were upset because of the Recycler, that’s probably another reason for them to act like this. If it’s linked back to Sammy….
“Then Dean isn’t ready to talk to you. If he is...I’d like for him to meet you at the Centre, for his own peace of mind. If he can’t, we can call you. I’m sure he still has your number somewhere.”
Allen shifts up a bit, still over Dean’s body as he preps Dean’s body, making his body sing in pleasure as the Investigator all but examines every inch of his body with his fingers and lips. “You’re so lovely and beautiful, every inch of your body wanting me.” Dean feels himself flush with what blood he has left, eyes hooded with lust as he looks and watches him looming over him, fingers opening him up and hitting a spot inside of him that makes Dean’s toes curl with each touch.
“He was already out looking, and went to call upon Fielkett for aid. Naomi is watching the home and will send word if he returns home, but….”
“Truthfully, no” he says, not seeing her stiffen at the admission, “but I was hoping he would at least care for his guests, though I’m grateful to have a ball if it means being introduced to you.”
It was also another way for him to work as Quicksilver. He’d not yet set that up, but he was on his way to it.
about what Castiel had said. They instead focus on writing a letter, explaining things to Castiel. It takes three tries, the whole thing difficult to lay bare, but they manage it. Going out to deliver the letter the next morning, Castiel had surprised them on the road, looking just as conflicted as Dean. The two exchanged letters, and Dean had barely managed to make it back to the relative safety of Fielkett’s restored walking paths before tearing it open to read the inside.
“My skills at speaking to people are rusty,” Castiel grants him, feeling this was perhaps a mistake. At least when his sister teased anyone, Castiel could enjoy it. “Though I will say your sister managed to...clear out...some of them.”
Uriel glares at them as Dean turns to the footman, who had grabbed some items for wound first aid before arriving, “You’re in luck, we have a few spare rooms ready and available. I’ll send a letter to your family in the morning.”
“You’re thinking so much, it’s waking me up,” Uriel mutters from where he’s resting as Castiel looks up. “What did you hear that got you to think he’s bad?”
If he can pull even
The news quickly garners attention, and despite Castiel not really wanting to return to Fielkett after the stay a week ago, they still all get ready to head over to at least greet the new arrival. Castiel notes the setup is best to keep everyone safe, and most of the servants are from town, meaning Mr. Smith must have gotten those who knew how to protect everyone, and what he sees of the area shows well-lit sites to keep everyone safe, as well as well-stocked areas with arrows, bolts, and even gunpowder and rifles. He’s surprised at how well the hall and areas are set up, so he’s surprised when he finally sees the focus of attention.
he jumped into!” Balthazar growls as he shakes off the changes, wings stretching up briefly before he becomes his normal self. “Honestly, this is a new suit!”
“You’re not.” Dean looks over at Castiel as he offers him a slight smile, walking over to his own desk to give him space. “We’re doing what we can, Dean. But to say that you’re pathetic for wanting to help someone you care for…that’s simply not true.” Dean remains silent as Castiel speaks, appearing more worried now than before. “Do you need me to come with you?”
Naomi’s words echo with Castiel when Uriel returns from dropping Miss Smith off, his mood foul and his wings out. When questioned what had happened, he simply said, “Nothing.”
The worst part, though, was that Uriel was, if possible, even
The Dreadfuls were all dead, the new man looking tired as Dean patted his back, Michal Davies and Bela Talbot cleaning off their knives. The other servants, many already hardened from fighting the Dreadfuls out of Fielkett, were unharmed and untainted. Castiel walked forward, Dean Smith offering a strained smile before saying, “Sorry for ruining the party. We hoped they wouldn’t make a move like this, but I guess losing Fielkett and having wards put up will do that.”
“You rest, and let us help out. We stirred up the area by clearing out Fielkett, so we can take out the spirit while you relax a bit.” Uriel’s glare focuses on Dean but he complies, the servants and Mick helping him up to the prepared guest room while the others prepare to stay the night and protect the house. Dean oversaw as much of it as they could before the pain from the mark starts to get to them, Benny coming to help and hissing when he helps Dean out of their jacket and shirt. “Well, your sister is due for a visit.”
“I...suppose. I’ve never raised them, though, so I suspect I’ll have to get some guidance.”
“This is getting serious,” Dean mutters as he listens to the information through the local radio station right before the weather. “I didn’t think this would be that serious.”
Uriel seems to shift at that, but only Castiel really notices it. Dean, when he sees Castiel again after taking a quick turn around the room, comes up to them with a smile, “When I met up with Millie, she wanted to thank you for helping against the Dreadfuls.”
Castiel tilts his head, surprised at the accusation. “Forgive me, I don’t understand what you are speaking about. There are no Winchesters in this area.” He starts to make a motion to have the two leave, but Sam interrupts that, his voice raising as he does.
Dean’s luck isn’t that good, but he’ll take what he can.
“No use being proper to Dreadfuls, Sammy,” Dean answers as they look at him, seeing Sam glare at the old nickname. “What are you doing here?”
Naomi’s image appears on the screen, hands folded as she looks over at them. “
” “It’s
“Track for traces of human waste material and methane,” Castiel says, considering before saying, “in public restrooms or areas with heavy plant covering.”
“The Gale’s got a lot of the same issues as here, so probably not,” Dean states as the servant leaves, “but we’ll offer an invite for them later.”
“Smith,” Mick Davies walks up to him and smiles, putting an arm around his shoulder, “how are things going with you?”
Dean lets out a quiet breath and leans back from the letter they’re writing, glancing over to where Samandiriel and Balthazar are sitting, waiting for news from Castiel and Uriel. They’ve done what they could as a host, but it feels like the two Angels are waiting for Dean to do something...more. They aren’t a trained monkey, and the few soft topics have already been covered while they waited. But with Bela out doing shopping, and Benny focusing on the servants, it left Dean to host. Mick was hiding, the coward.
Castiel watches Dean move a bit slowly to the screen, worried he wore him out, though it could also be from the fight and everything else he did last night. “First would be your real name. I doubt you are actually named Dean Smith.”
Cold Oaks, an illegal Auctionhouse, had been running human trafficking and death-matches, to create a powerful being with the technology Lucifer had attempted to use in his coup. That was where Sam Winchester has disappeared from, and where it was believed that Quicksilver had also gone after various ‘contracts’ were found. Those had pulled the people into a place known as Hell - a place to create suffering, to test out new technology, and to create more of those like the few that remained in Echelon after Lucifer’s exile. The one who ran it, Alistair, had been dealt with. The ones who were captured had to be put down, save a few now living and hiding out to avoid detection. The only one Castiel had managed to keep close was Dean Smith.
Castiel’s still debating if he should go with this house or another when a postal truck drives up, stopping as the heavy sound of boots crunching on gravel follows it. He turns to look over when a rough but curious voice says, “Hey.”
Castiel shakes his head before kissing him again. “I suppose that will have to work for us.” The kiss deepens as Dean leans back on the big bed, smiling as he watches Cas start to strip before he also pulls off his shirt and starts to get naked as well.
(See the end of the chapter for
that you are aware I’m a Seraph, and then the question will be if you can become one as well.” He looks at the time, and then lets out a breath. “Leaving you to work also allows you the time to contact whoever you must, and if the Men of Letters are trying to find you, it also allows you to get a head start.” He sees Dean realize the plan without a word, Castiel reaching to hold his wrist with the tracking bracelet. “I will always come when you call, Dean.”
The vulgar word makes Castiel glare at Dean. He wants to take him again, make up for all the time between the mark and now, but that isn’t why he’s here. If he’s able, he may even integrate Dean in, stop his actions, and make him a proud member of the Echelon instead of…whatever he really is.
“If you say so, though I must admit, you should stop trying to protect us all,” Mick says with a sigh. Millie smiles a bit at him as they keep walking, Mick adding in, “I’m sure I can speak to Uriel later on, when you’re home and I’m out on my own.”
It’s early when Hannah arrives, looking far more upset than she normally does as he finishes his breakfast. “The Hunters have arrived, led by Sam Winchester. They also include Bobby Singer. Both are names that appear prominently in Dean’s file.” She sits, letting out a long, upset breath. “I don’t like them.”
Castiel frowns at that one, a bit confused by Dean’s mention of family. “No, though you and your sister appear close enough that I would think you value some of that belief.”
have a point. Naomi knew basics on runes and such, while Castiel was more knowledgeable in such things. Perhaps if he asked her about it - beyond knowing it’s something about transformation and protection, and that their wards caused it to be painful in some way.
The man sighed. “I hoped it wasn’t, but the others and I all agreed the month down in Town would at least keep them safe for now, and make repairs easier.” Dean looks outside at the various patches and areas indicating some attempts at cleaning things up. Dean lets out a huff as he finally asks, “So, since we’re all having a good time here, mind doing that introduction?”
The next day, Castiel learns that Dean needs coffee with milk before he can really function without growling in anger or being upset with things like “questions” or “conversation”. That same day, he spots a few birds nesting in an old tree nearby, getting him to smile as he sees them. Having had Dean rest over, even for the night, and seeing him here for so long only makes him more convinced he needs to get Dean to accept his Placement. Being here with Dean, when they have such a high score, only makes him want to drive him down at the end of the month and get it all official.
“Allen does. I have another lead.”
“Tomorrow...lemme get my nerves, man. And besides, I was gonna drive myself down.”
Dean calls up Bobby, and the mystery is solved.
“He’s got a point,” Samandiriel mutters.
The groups part, Uriel hissing, “What were you thinking?”
Uriel points out, “
“Careful with that language,” Dean told him again as they got on their horses. There was still daylight, and a doctor in the main town, along with the lord in the area. Since Angels had been nearby, there was probably a garrison stocked up, and they’d know what else to do with the house.
“Of course,” the woman said with her head held high, a confident smile on her face, “Name the time and weapon, and I’ll put you on your winged behind again,
“He’s being used, as are the Hunters. I believe the goal is another coup - the Men of Letters are attempting to regain ground and destabilize us enough to cause a rift.” He sighs. “I think the attempt by Zachariah caused them to be bold, though the added confusion by Metatron would also cause the issues.”
Benny shakes his head as he recovers first. “She’s got a point, brother, you’re never late.”
“Yes.”
Uriel is already asleep, and Castiel goes back to reading and thinking about the Smith party and what they mentioned.
“They didn’t catch him,” one of the other secretaries say, though some of the secretaries from the Garden also look annoyed at that, “He got away…but they did send in a Seraph. Castiel.”
Naomi had been surprised and amazed. Samandiriel had congratulated the woman happily. Balthazar had looked at her with a look that could be disdain for it, and
Naomi nods, Castiel bowing as they head back up, Naomi telling him what happened yesterday. The spirit was Fell-touched and had gotten far bolder after managing to hurt Uriel. Luckily, it had not hurt anyone else and had easily been dispatched between Naomi and Balthazar fighting it, though the other group managed to keep it from escaping.
Uriel glances over at Michal as well, obviously worried about something he’d seen on the other man. Sir Adler and the others didn’t seem to notice the tension, more focused on taking care of the bodies than dealing with any potential hints of danger from the new group.
Dean snorts. “I can lose your tail if I need to, even if you know who you’re looking for.” The playful smile is at least more like the Dean he knows, and Castiel wonders how much of that was Dean wishing to hide himself, and how much was the real Dean that he doesn’t quite know yet. He briefly wonders how much time is left before the meeting.
That was probably the worst thing about all of this. The year of looking for Sam, of trying to find out if he was ok, all of that was Sam and Bobby’s idea, to get him to show off so that he could see how ‘bad’ things were, how they had to change, how the Tiers were the worst. Of course, after getting their butts tormented until that woman let them take Dean’s phone call and directed him as the Men of Letters wanted.
“I don’t believe the mark did more than make him sensitive to our presence. He’s been able to avoid us before Perdition, and after, at the same rate. However, this last theft was even worrisome to him in a way. He claims that he even explained to the two who we caught about my arrival and believed they would be able to avoid my presence. The others in the Walls like him avoided us, but the Hunters we caught went out of their way to cause trouble…why?”
Allen shoots Ward a look as Dean blinks, confused by this as fear rises, realizing what this means that the two are here. If they were out with the Seraph, like most good Investigators and Enforcers, they were coming after
They do their best to avoid Uriel’s eyes as he gets into the carriage, Millie directing it as the Angel watches for others. Expelling such power means they aren’t always able to do a lot after they use it, but they are fearful at that time. Millie has to agree with Mick, though - they are less that, but more beautiful in their own way.
that all of them were thinking. With only Mick here, the one who’d wanted to bring him to Magnus, and that failing had resulted in them losing
Castiel frowns that the wording, then says, “I matched across the Placement board with Dean as my top pick. All points were met, at 95% or over.” The older man looks at Castiel with a hard glare, shifting as Castiel looks back at him before recalling a name. It’s not hard, though his hair is done differently makes things a bit harder to recall. “Robert Singer - the one who did Dean’s second Evaluation. I assume you knew what you were sending him into when he was...gifted...to Alistair? Or did that particular misstep only occur to you after his return?”
Bela Talbot hums as she considers. “I’m sure Naomi is proficient in sigils and the like, that she could give such a pronouncement.” He glares at her for the remark, though it sounds far too sweet for anyone to call it an insult beyond the wording. “Either way, I’m just as sure that you simply viewing this from an open, honest perspective.”
“And?”
annoying and angry around Mick when Millie was there, and since Uriel
The tall man huffs for breath as he runs down the wet streets, keeping to the shadows as he does. If he’s not careful, he’ll get soaked by the scheduled rain for this area, even though the Scrapyard is mostly full of the item in need of breakdown before they can go through the Recycler or be repurposed in some way. Above him, the iridescent dome of Echelon glitters in the evening light. He’s not sure if he should be running off like this, but at the same time, if he listens to Sam or Bobby complain one more time about all that happened, he might actually do something drastic, like remind them that the whole thing was
“I am Emmanuel Allen, as much as I am Castiel. Even if there was deception, I did not take you simply for my own amusement, nor to test anything. You did deserve to be saved. Now, and when we first met.”
“Manners be--” Benny puts a hand on his shoulder, getting Mick to let out a few breaths before saying, “How soon?”
“I wouldn’t wish that,” Castiel points out, getting Uriel to offer a weak smile.
It was only just after the main rush of morning, but they find the area scented with blood soon enough. Samandiriel is shaking, hiding against a wall, hand stretched out to create a protective barrier around himself and the young woman, daughter to someone Benny had been protecting. Dean had only made it there a moment before, looking down at the dead body of Mister Creaser, sitting back on their heels with an obvious look of upset. Castiel glances back to Balthazar, saying, “Fetch a few others.”
Allen smiles a bit at that, making him look almost kind, even as the hold remains on his tingling left arm. “Understandable. It will change things.” He shifts, so Dean is almost about to fall back on the bed. He’d got a few inches on the man, yet somehow he’s always felt like Allen is just that much more dangerous than he is, than anyone else, besides the Seraphs, that he’s seen. He’s smart, and able to notice the patterns in a way Dean can as well, but with other contexts that Dean doesn’t have, and it’s
The arrival of the Smith party to the ball, a fight with Dreadfuls, and some annoyances.
“I’m beginning to think he might like a Smith, but only if they’re wearing a dress,” Bela grouses as they see Cas, Uriel, and Balthazar all nearby.
Uriel is quiet, glancing over at Castiel before saying, “You should not apologize. I was...I said something to your sister that was not what a gentleman or Angel should say. I will write her a formal apology, and offer my own now to you.” He bowed low, something Castiel hadn’t seen him done in - well, he’d never seen him do it really - before to anyone. Dean seems to read that this is important, and holds up a hand easily to have Uriel straighten.
“True...but he’s a dangerous crazed man, and one who will try to attack an Angel if possible. I’m not losing our good relations now over someone like that, no matter how often he saved Father.”
Uriel leaving was not planned. The sex…was not either. That was not something Castiel believed was to be for interrogation, but the moment he put his hand on the mark he’d left on Dean, when Dean managed to shake himself free and run, only to be found later by him again as Emmanuel Allen, had been…strange. Perhaps that was why? He couldn’t tell, and at this point, the answers were just as important as speaking to Dean on what was going on.
Having been discovered, Dean and Castiel have to find a way to trust one another.
what prestige they represent, could be so strangely fulfilling.
with the Men of Letters that could easily determine if their threat is one they need worry about now or later, gets him to look away from Dean and try to control himself. He’d only just had Dean this morning!
Millie’s mind goes back to the recent ball. They’d gotten a lot of good information, especially concerning the sour taste that Creaser had left in everyone’s mouth from town, but a lot more was a strange feeling that their actions and appearance was accepted far more than Dean’s ever was. Millie knew how to act as a
” Dean sighs, not at all surprised.
“What use do we have to know that?” Castiel mutters as Sir Zachariah Adler shows them around. Sandover was known for housing many of those who were on the sides of the Angels, from championing their work with Michael to aiding Raphael, but they were also wary of outsiders. After all, Fielkett had been lost because of those who were called in by the Ganems, and who did not push when they should have, propriety and society forgotten in such cases.
“I’d rather figure this out with me talking in it, over having so many others talk about me.”
“As well as can be,” Dean told him, “but I think you did miss the point. Though I knew
Allen’s high enough to speak to the Seraphs, though if he knows who they are, he’s quiet about it. “
“It’s likely you are compatible and able to become a Seraph. It would explain some of what you can do now, at least to some of the Seraphs. However, I believe the main thing you can do is notice our presence - your physical feats and abilities are your own.” Dean looks away, feeling strange for getting the compliment. He shifts a bit as there’s a chime, and Castiel motions to start the meeting. Dean moves to his desk as he spots Ward and sees the man give him a knowing smile. He glares back at him as Castiel says, “What is the report?”
“I should ask...you a question.”
Still, Dean’s attitude seems to be one that’s nervous overall, enough that Castiel wonders about it, and hopes that it’s nothing too serious.
” Dean quickly gets into ‘work’ mode, making notes as he gets some of the information and the report rattles on. He remains silent, not sure what Castiel had told anyone, but feeling Ward’s smirk as he works, and the Enforcer gives his own report on the ‘lack of evidence’ to conclude ‘where Quicksilver went’ on his end.
“I should apologize for the interruption again,” Dean says as he gets ready to leave, “I came over to pay my respects, and thank you both for protecting my sister in such a time.”
the most dishonored Lady of Winchester, the ruined fruit of the Blessed Campbells? Or were you thinking of courting me, the nobody Hunter who happened upon an estate and the money to run it, Dean Smith? But I forgot that you and yours don’t
“It’s alright,” Miss Smith says, offering them a bit of a smile that seems forced. Davies sighs as he continues, “May I introduce Dean Smith’s sister, Millie Smith. Millie, this is the Angelic Garrison who are stationed here. I believe Dean mentioned them when you both met on the road here?” Millie Smith smiles at the group, giving a single curtsey to them before Castiel manages to ask, “If you are free, perhaps I might have a dance? Unless Balthazar or the others have filled your card.”
Dean shifts to the main road, glad that things are back to semi-neutral territory. “He’s worked his way up a few Choirs from me,” the pride carries, so he can at least shift the bracelet back to normal. “I’m thinking of going up there, though I’m a bit worried I’ll miss him if I’m just looking around.”
Castiel is quiet about it, and after Meg leaves, he goes to let Balthazar know about the job he will have soon.
Dean offers a smile as they go to help the two up, hugging the girl close as she sobs. “If I could, I’d put up a shield like and not take it down either, not until you came around.” Castiel does his best to not blush. “Constables and Sir Adler will be here soon. Benny isn’t far, but he doesn’t like being chased by such men. If you can get in contact with Uriel, tell him and Mick to find him.”
