Mary scoffed at his words,  and for the briefest moment she was the woman he had met at that restaurant, the one John must have fallen in love with. A facade, of course, but so convincing and endearing that he too had fallen for it.
He had said those words before. The day after the bonfire, while watching the video of the tube carriages and Lord Moran getting into one of them.
He was – glorious, now: his back straight, his eyes burning bright with intelligence and, above all, understanding. He was worried, only a fool would not be worried, but he was also very determined.
He looked at Sherlock, he was surrounded by Mycroft’s men and the elder brother was talking to him. He was safe, for now.
Agent Harris did not look surprised by his words, by the fact that he had deduced that the two men were working together; despite all the evidence to the contrary he had not lost his mind completely, he could still make inferences, he could still deduce things and he was absurdly glad for the fact that the tall, bulky man who had been one of his shadows ever since his stay at the hospital had not forgot that.
“I am sure Miss. Adler can continue on her own before being allowed to disappear again. She can be very persuasive when she wants to,” Mycroft said,  after a few seconds of silence, "come home Mr. Moore,  your expertise is needed here."
Thank you to those who are still reading this, and sorry it took me  forever to update! Expect the next chapter within two weeks:)
Finally! There wasn’t an ounce of pretending in his voice, now: no small talk, no talking between the lines like they had done since she had shot him and he truly had thought that she wouldn’t see right through John’s abysmal charade.
He stared down at the man who had carved Jim Moriarty's name on his brother chest and put his hands on the table in front of him.
John was pale, he could hear the shower running in the background, he looked exhausted and determined and – yes, he missed him. He was worried about him.
“Deconstruct you, take everything away from you, bit by bit.” Mycroft finished for Anthea, “Mr. Bennett was a psychopath, a sadist, but up until a year ago he was
“Would you be so cavalier and confident if your assistant had chosen to sacrifice herself for you? His hands went to his shoulders, to push him away from the threshold
Sherlock reverted back to very formal language, letting his public school education out only as a defense mechanism. But that man could not know that. He didn’t know what that tragedy had done to Sherlock.
Sherlock wasn't talking, John knew that he didn't want to tell him, out of habit or, perhaps, because he wanted to protect him.
While John Watson pretended to be asleep, closing his hands in tight fists under the sheet as Sherlock retched in the bathroom after a nightmare, torn between the desire for Sherlock to feel in control, and fear, because he wanted to believe, with all his heart, that Sherlock had told him the truth about not being bothered by meeting Herman Bennett, but he couldn't be sure; he had no idea about what had caused the nightmare, there were still too many things, days, wounds he didn't know about, facts that he wasn't privy of -- he knew, however, that if he got up and went to his partner (love of his life), Sherlock would clam up and that would be infinitely worse.
He thought and Sherlock was seeing it, in his eyes, on his face, in the way he was keeping still because if he moved, he would bang his fists against that Plexiglas wall and it would just give Mary other ammunition.
with him; in a very human, very messy, very silent, all encompassing way – the kind of love that had made him walk into the fire, for him, who had painted a target on him and Sherlock had proudly worn it, never denying Magnussen’s words, smiling that day in the tarmac, even if the air had felt heavy and he had been pale and he had been sent away to die – and he had tried to make things light, he had tried to give him a future. I think it could work.
He could not see him, but his voice was clear, loud. He must be in the same room he was in, perhaps beyond the wall on his left side
Irene Adler was an enigma: sentiment, keen intellect, rationality and passion all came in a beautiful woman who knew what people liked and was not afraid to use it.
He could order to bypass whatever code she had used to lock the door of that cell and have her retrieved; she would shoot Sherlock, of course, and if he were truly the Ice Man Moriarty had thought he was; if he were the rubbish big brother Sherlock believed him to be he would. One life versus the many Mary had taken, one life versus the knowledge she had that could help him to stop Moriarty’s replacement.
John didn’t talk, he let Sherlock study him, read him. Did Sherlock expect any judgment from him? Did he think it would change what he felt? What had he felt at the time?
Whoever was inside the house would probably hear the helicopters landing, they must have spotted the van and the cars, but he doubted it would make any difference at that point.
“I’m fine!” He said. He could feel John’s arms around him, he remembered that he had held him once, like that, when he had collapsed in their sitting room, the night they had confronted Mary – and Emily was definitely not her real name, he realised, as he drew in a deep breath.
There was an almost imperceptible trembling in John’s body and Sherlock could feel it, right down to his core. It was another tear in that paralysis, another earthquake in his mind and Sherlock closed his eyes.
an idiot, because despite the texts from Mycroft’s p.a., despite having seen Sherlock dressed, he hadn’t thought he would want to leave the hospital and actually meet Bennett. He didn’t want him to.
“I shouldn’t have come back.” Sherlock mumbled, half in French, half in Serbian. He was keeping his eyes closed, Mycroft wasn’t entirely sure he was aware of what he was saying or the fact that he hadn’t spoken in English.
“And you could have sent me the report through e-mail –“ Sherlock said closing the folder in his hands. It was a fascinating sight to see his brother keeping such a delicate balance between sentiment and rationality in that moment.
He wasn’t even looking at him. Neither did Mary for a few moments, when she did, her smile became sugary sweet, and her voice was soft when she said, “Is that the best I can do? No. It truly isn’t.”
He wanted to say more, he wanted to tell Sherlock that he could not expect the people who loved him to stand by idly and do nothing while a psychopath wanted to play games with him. Not that time. He wanted to tell Sherlock that despite what he had wanted to make people believe for so long, he was completely human and that icy veneer of calm and politeness was going to shatter sooner or later.
John wanted to ask him how Molly was doing, how Mycroft was dealing with the aftermath of what had happened. He wanted to ask about Eurus.
“You know? Mr. Holmes got one thing wrong about me.” He said when John made no further attempt to talk.
He recognized that look right away, he had looked at him like that in their kitchenette so long ago.
He remembered each image – there was no clue about what had truly mattered in the obscene pictures of those dead women – they had been just corpses, waiting to be found out. Their murderer was in prison – and Mycroft had made sure that he talk, there had been no mystery to solve there.
And Sherlock for a moment was tempted to say yes, to let Mycroft make sure that she didn't have any  tricks up her sleeves, that John could raise his daughter, but he didn't.
He knew everything about the two men in the interrogation room and the rest had been absolutely transparent during their meetings with Sherlock.
Mary’s heart lurched in her chest. She didn’t think she could still feel something – that she could feel
He would gladly and remorselessly kill Sherlock’s family for what they had done to the child he had been. All of them: his parents, Mycroft, Eurus, fucking uncle Rudy. And he would gladly kill himself for the number he had made on Sherlock for the past year.
Mycroft had promised him he would answer to any question he might have regarding the years Sherlock had spent dismantling Moriarty’s criminal empire. It had happened on the way to the facility where Herman Bennett was held.
He followed Greg; and John could see Sherlock’s presence – in the way the lights had been tampered with. There had been an explosion, John could still smell the chemicals Sherlock had used; there must have been a lot of noise and smoke. He noticed cameras in various points (they hadn’t been there the last time he had been in that place, it must have been a recent addition. So Joan’s kidnapping had been programmed. How long had they spied on the woman? How long had they planned for that sick game?), some of them had been broken, but others were still working, and John knew it hadn’t been a mistake on Sherlock’s part. He had wanted the people who were playing that game to know he had got there in time.
The woman nodded, checking on her phone (God, he needed one of those – that woman and Irene Adler could possibly conquer the world using two mobile phones.)
He took Sherlock’s hand in his, his right, scarred and bandaged one, the one that had rested on his chest, feeling his heartbeat under his palm, and brought it to his lips. John knew right away it had been a mistake: Sherlock stilled; he saw that blankness, that horrible hollowness enveloping the man, and John was so surprised that he didn’t even feel it when Sherlock removed the hand from his, his voice felt like a slap in the face, though, it was cold, when he said, “Please, don’t.”
Mary was good – she was an excellent liar, but everyone had weaknesses, including her, he saw how she forcibly schooled her features into a neutral mask.
She had promised to update him as soon as she had news – and for some reason a woman known for her lack of moral scruples was keeping her word. Yes, things were fucked up. Definitely.
John nodded, choosing to ignore, for the moment, how much Sherlock must be in pain to actually ask for his help. Sherlock was cold: the chilly basement and the blood loss were making his skin icy cold to the touch. He blinked his eyes when he noticed that Sherlock’s back was bleeding, so much that it was dampening the orange blanket.
He had learnt his lesson with Sherlock Holmes, though; he had learnt the hard way to observe the man, because the last time he hadn't, he had spent two years wondering whether the man had already decided to kill himself when he had gone to Baker Street to arrest him, he had spent two years wondering whether he had been contemplating ways to commit suicide as he tied his scarf around his neck and put his coat on, and if he could have done something to prevent that. Knowing that it had been a ruse, a trick to take down Moriarty's criminal empire didn't change the facts; when the consulting detective had come back, Greg had vowed to himself that he would observe him.
And Herman Bennett, the people behind him who wanted him broken and destroyed never had seemed so distant, so unimportant, so doomed to fail.
He nodded, but she took the gun from the waistband of her trousers and pointed it at him all the same. That blasted earpiece was stuck in his ear, he was wondering whether he would hear Sherlock opening the other boxes – and he was sure, for a moment, that he was going to throw up.
He closed the folder on his legs and placed the medical chart on it. He didn’t talk. He didn’t make any scathing comment on Mycroft and his overbearing presence and his nosiness. Sherlock complaining about Mycroft and their ever ending childish feud was one constant of their lives; the two siblings fought (Sherlock did, mostly.), they tried to outsmart each other, but they worked together, understanding each other in ways no one else could. To see Sherlock so accepting of Mycroft’s interference was terrifying.
Jim Moriarty was dancing behind Mycroft, that was how he knew that the feeble tether to consciousness was fading. Mary had unlocked the door and his brother was an idiot.
A fake girlfriend  had been murdered, a friend had been threatened, but Victor –  they had sewn his thumb off. They hadn’t killed him, not yet.
He did not flinch – but he did not look at him, either – and that was a man he had really never truly dealt with. He had had to be a soldier and pick him up at Sherrinford, but he did not know how to help the man in front of him.
And Molly could only take a step back, noticing how crowded the morgue had got, she saw that John moved one step closer, positioning himself right behind Sherlock's chair.
True. She had played him, but he had allowed her to do so. He should have her stopped when he could when Mycroft had urged him to do so. Apparently, he
He was still, his feet on the kerb, surrounded by men as the black car was getting closer and Victor Trevor was driving the vehicle, his hands bound to the steering wheel, a detonator strapped to his chest, fear and pain in his eyes.
She thought and blinked her eyes, not allowing herself to show more. That would come later, she decided.
He had been played, his brother had been pervasively weakened and he needed to be there when they apprehended Mary. He was under no delusions that Mary Morstan would do her utmost not to be caught alive despite the strict orders he had given; he was also aware of the fact that even if they caught her alive, she would never talk. She would never betray the person she was working for.
She knew the video by heart. She had examined each frame with Anderson – it looked authentic, it had not been tampered with – but still they had kept looking at it because there was something that did not add up.
"I'm aware that it's not a panacea, John, that I wouldn't be magically healed should we have sex." Sherlock said.
again: the man he had been before he had fallen from that rooftop, the - machine he had had to be  in order to survive while away and whatever he had become since his return and, most recently, after his 480 minutes with Herman Bennett.
Mary had pistol whipped him, he had been unconscious – and even though there were close he hadn’t been able to hear what they had said.
“You scared the hell out of me, but it was amazing, how did you do it?” John said. He was smiling as well.
He had seen pictures of Joan Adams on tv, she was a pretty woman, but in the pictures he had seen in the flat, she looked stunning, even while wearing no makeup and too large jumpers (William’s, he deduced). Had they been chosen just for their names and professions? Was there something more? Of course there was. There must be, or Sherlock wouldn’t be playing the game. Sherlock was still looking around when he met his gaze, he subtly pointed toward the kitchenette and John followed him there.
He was in their flat as Victor packed his belongings and made noise, so much noise, as if the words he had said weren’t enough as if he wasn’t seeing that he was leaving him.
“Yes, Mycroft.” Sherlock said, “you have been repeating my name for minutes.” He was still shirtless, he still had gauzes on his chest, even if they were not strictly necessary, he knew that his brother hated what Herman Bennett had carved on his chest. He noticed that he took a black shirt from a drawer and Mycroft wanted to –
He swallowed past the sudden bitter dryness in his throat. He had been tortured three times before acting out on instinct and saving that girl’s life – and as much as it had been unpleasant, there had been a purpose – something he could understand about it, something logical in those acts; they had needed information, they had wanted to know whom he was working for and they had resorted to crude means to obtain what they wanted: cause and effect.
He, too, was aware of the risks, of the terms, of the consequences. It was unorthodox and it could spectacularly backfire, but it was also – unexpected and deviated from his usual modus operandi and whenever one dealt with invisible enemies, who had spent years, apparently, studying their opponents before showing their hands one needed to change, to do the unexpected.
She did know. And they had company. She moved about in the cell, making sure that Sherlock would always be in the line of fire as well.
Sherlock took the few steps that separated him from the trolley. His heart rate had increased and he knew it wouldn’t be long before other signs of hypoxia appeared.
when she had said that she liked him. He had believed her, of course, and he had been confused, at the time, because she had seemed to like Sherlock far more than he did that night.
He had felt his heart stutter in his chest at those words and he had spoken before he could even think about stopping, "Those two years..." John said, "we have never talked about that."
"He did more than that." John said. And he knew that tone of voice. And he had hurt John enough for one day - with his actions and what he had just revealed. It had to end.
Sherlock’s right hand moved, slowly, almost agonizingly so, and his fingers trailed up his arm. It was a deliberate gesture, Sherlock was looking at him and having his undivided attention was – making him feel whole (
He was in a car which would bring him to the hospital where Victor had been admitted. There was another car escorting him and Sherlock thought that all those precautions were frankly ridiculous at that point, but he had not said a word about it.
was the reason why John was in danger, the reason why Victor was in that hospital bed. He didn’t have time to talk about something that had ceased to matter a long time ago. He had to find John. It was the only thing that mattered, and yet he didn’t move.
To weaken him? To remind him that he could and had failed? Didn’t they know he was painfully aware of that?
Herman Bennett had seemed amused at first. He had genuinely thought that he was in some sort of position of power, he had thought he had scored points that day. It was up to him to set the record straight, because Mycroft Holmes knew about martyrs for a cause, but he was exceptionally good at recognising weak, delusional men on power trips.
“I know you are pissed right now.” John was saying in the video, “and you are wondering why I didn’t tell you.”
He had ignored what had been taking place in those rooms, he had pretended that the doors hadn’t come unhinged and let out what he had hastily put in them. He had been so used to soldier on that he had not truly felt the effects of what had been taking place in his mind palace until much, much later.
Laying low made sudden sense; what it didn’t make sense was why on Earth that woman was still free and she hadn’t been dealt with. He might not believe in the contents of the USB drive she had given to John Watson (who the hell did that anyway?) and neither did the Holmes’ brothers, but that didn’t mean that the information in that USB drive had been totally useless. On the contrary, it had told Sherlock and Mycroft Holmes a lot of things – neatly written down in the file he had studied for most of the journey to Langley.
The scarf had made everything real. Sherlock had indeed gotten inside that house, seen the bright colors of the walls, had walked toward that very room, had smelt rotten flesh and death, had deduced things John couldn't afford the luxury to dwell on, had seen the pictures – and had been finally brought to the basement. He moved, surprised by how steady his heartbeat and legs were.
There was something – something he was missing, something that did not add up – and it wasn’t the fact that when he had come to the tv screen had flickered off, and he couldn’t see his daughter any longer (he wanted to name her Catherine, he decided. He was sure Sherlock would like that name, or they would choose one together.), it wasn’t the fact that Mary’s trousers were soaked with dark blood, no – it was something else.
Victor was still alive. There was that. They weren’t done with him, he was losing his position as leverage, though – he would be killed soon if he didn’t find him. He didn’t even realise that he had flinched when John touched his back, but everyone else did.
If things were different, if he knew what to expect when he touched Sherlock, he would have reached out to him. He would have
He hadn’t missed the momentary look of confusion and anger at his question, though. He didn’t owe him any explanation. Asking questions was part of the
or whatever inane rubbish is going through your mind right now.” His hands left his face and John felt keenly the loss of physical contact between them.
because she had saved him and gratitude and genuine affection had to be enough) and she had shot Sherlock, Magnussen had wanted to own both Holmes brothers, in different ways (and his skin crawled whenever he thought about the dead man, Sherlock had been right: that man turned his stomach) and Sherlock had been sent on a suicide mission and he was still in London only because of Moriarty’s viral message.
“You know I didn’t care about that girl’s life, John.” Sherlock said, eventually, sounding tired and hoarse. But he was looking at him, now, pinning him with his gaze
It was clear that it must be an ongoing argument between the two men, at least judging by their reactions: Sherlock's annoyance and John's frustration.
my girl –“ Lestrade hissed, but he noticed the way Drake shook his head, a smile playing on his lips. It was not a mocking smile, it was gentle, genuinely inquisitive. Then again, the man had effortlessly killed three men and subsided another, so he knew that appearances could be deceiving with him.
Greg did not know that Mary had shot Sherlock, he wasn’t sure about what he had been informed of for the past few weeks, but it was obvious that he didn’t care about what Mary had said about her real name; he only cared about the fact that he had witnessed a murder in cold blood and he wanted to catch the killer. He was a copper, he was a good man.
Mycroft was still looking at John – and Sherlock did not like the way he was looking at him; he knew that kind of look: cold, inquisitive, predatory. He had had that look in his eyes in the weeks before Jim Moriarty’s trial. And after – when they had been on a tarmac, together, before Sherlock left England, the day after his own funeral.
Oh, Mycroft wanted to talk, didn’t he? He wanted to explain, he wanted to appeal to his rationality, to his intellect.
Later he would regret it. He would think back at those brief moments and think about that he should have said more, done more.
John didn't reply to him...because it would attract Sherlock's attention, because Joan was wearing his coat, and he had touched her in a comforting manner. Had Sherlock seen the scars on the woman's body? Had he seen his name carved on her flesh over and over?
“This warrants a toast,” John said and turned to look at Sherlock: the man was slowly taking his gloves and scar off. To be a man who saw his body as mere transport for his massive intellect, he had a way of moving that was almost hypnotic. Did he know? Did he realise? John couldn’t tear his eyes off of him. Which was nothing new, not really.
A few years before he would have said that there was nothing wrong with him (adding that he didn’t have friends, while still scared out of his mind),  but then he had faked his own death and spent the following two years dismantling an international crime organization, collecting scars and words in foreign languages that he mumbled in his dreams.
And he didn't even know if his daughter was there, wherever he was...perhaps she was there, right next to him, crying and he would never know. He couldn't hear or see a bloody thing!
He couldn’t see his wounds – because he had been wounded, his body was in shock, he could see him trying not to shake, he could see how Sherlock’s body was betraying his brilliant mind – but he knew that would come later, after they got out of that small room, away from the stench and the lack of oxygen and the people around them.
It was a nonexistent code, again. It was the vaults at Appledore – and before that: it was Victor making noise in their flat, wanting him to know that he was leaving – and maybe, wanting him to
Sherlock opened his eyes, he had fallen asleep at some point during the night, obviously. It must have happened during one of the spells of silence that had fallen over John and him during the night, between long stretches of words, his own, mostly.
Bennett was like oil, his movements, despite the restrictions, languid and deliberate. He didn’t care about the handcuffs, and the restraints. He was exactly where he wanted to be; he looked in control. “That is a lie, and we both know that, Jim didn’t believe it – I don’t believe it, and I know you in ways Jim only wished he did.”
“I am aware of that,” Mary said, and he snapped his attention on her. He had to focus, to concentrate, John’s life depended on it.
He got up, swaying slightly on his legs, when he heard the steps nearing his – well, there was not an elegant way to put it, was it? He was in a cage.
The kid he had first met on a murder scene couldn’t stop touching, smelling, tasting his surroundings, not caring about protocol, common sense or decency.
In an office in New York Mr. Neal was having an interesting conversation with a young man named Herman Bennett. He was a stray, refusing to believe that both Moriarty and Sherlock Holmes were dead.
, at the hospital, that same day, not to let John anywhere near Herman Bennett and before that he had asked him not to let John
Sherlock was not used to that state of being: his mind was and had always been his best weapon, his intellect the only thing that had kept him alive, even when he had not wanted to.
He was on the ledge of a rooftop, fear like lava in his veins: Lazarus was a go, jumping was inevitable.
It had started in the dark web and there were little or no signs in the real world  - the people they monitored had not changed their patterns, they had not formed new alliances that they knew of.
After a decade  spent watching Sherlock solve seemingly impossible crimes, he should know better than asking questions when he was like that: too calm and silent, when his stance and voice and eyes all but screamed, "back off!", but he was a copper: it was his
She could see that Sherlock was still wondering why, despite the gunshots they could hear coming from outside the house, she had not done a thing. He was trying to deduce her – good luck with that! – he was still trying to save John.
John nodded. He didn’t tell Mycroft that Sherlock would not forgive him for that. He didn’t tell him that he would have to do more than what he had done so far, that he would have not to be smart, clever but a bloody big brother because Sherlock would need him, more than ever.
They wanted him to forget who he was, to doubt himself, to lose himself. They wanted him broken and destroyed. But why? To honour Jim Moriarty's name? They lacked his finesse, his elegance and genius. To avenge his death? It didn't make sense!
They were standing in the middle of the sitting room -- Sherlock near the door, John near his armchair - Sherlock took a couple of cautious steps, but didn't say anything. Sherlock didn't need to say a word, not in that moment.
John was smiling, but Sherlock could see that he was worried. Perhaps he shouldn't have mentioned the throbbing and itching on his chest, but John had asked him (more like ordered) him to be completely honest as far as his health was concerned.
He shortened the distance between them and handed him the bag he had been carrying, “Uhm – here.” He said.
No. He focused on the rain: cold, merciless, tickling against windows panes and cars and pooling on the pavement (like blood – no, For God’s sake! No. – it was water, just water).
He was too tired, too in love with that ordinary man who kept surprising him, kept reminding him, even when he’d rather not to, that he had a heart, to do anything but blink his eyes.
What he had just told Sherlock wasn't strictly a lie. Generally, though, one found out about a partner's exes through old pictures, not through sewn off thumbs and streaming videos of the act. Or murders.
More victims...more than the five they had found. He didn't stop and look at the pictures, but he froze when he spotted Sherlock's scarf on the floor; he picked it up, stuffing it in a pocket of his coat. It couldn't have been more than a few seconds, yet he felt like time had slowed down, he had forgotten about the other people, about the pictures on the walls, about the stench inside the house, which was engulfing them, like a physical, oppressing thing.
The room was unchanged, the smell of blood still lingered in the small space, and the artificial light made the room seem even starker and bleaker than it actually was. He had seen – deduced how many people had died in that room, how they had died, where Mr. Bennett had been when it happened, how much pleasure he had experienced watching blood spill.
He barked orders to the forensic team, even though he was not a cop, and talked to the paramedics before they all left. Sherlock had only said that Joan was alive and had given the address. He doubted he had said anything else to Greg, or the man would have told him. He should have known. He should have known that things would go pear shaped. Her should have known that Sherlock would not forgive him for that.
The things unsaid between them could still fill Trafalgar Square, but they were trying – and it was good.
“I know,” Mycroft said he was still looking at the screen, he was watching Sherlock tear that cell apart, looking for clues. Herman Bennett had poisoned himself, even though he had been searched and another capsule had been already found on his body when he had been admitted to the facility.
He was supposed to take it easy for a few days, but he very much doubted that they would be so lucky. It took him a second to realize a few things: Sherlock's voice was soft, gentle, almost, as if he was the one who had been tortured for hours a week before and then kicked in the ribs that afternoon.
John clenched his jaws; pushing away the maelstrom of feelings that he could feel skimming just beneath the surface; that woman needed medical help, whatever the situation with Sherlock was it would have to wait.
be a prey of base impulses, that was something he was very resolute about. Sentiment and lust were dangerous disadvantages, they caused havoc in one's body and mind. He was better than that.
John blinked, first of all he honestly didn't remember when his last meal had been and he could count on one hand, with digits to spare, the number of times Sherlock had paid attention to those sorts of things.
She was real: pale, thin, naked underneath the coat, bleeding and bruised – but alive. She was keeping her lids tightly shut, her face hidden in the crook of Sherlock’s neck. She started when she heard them entering, but didn’t open her eyes, didn’t otherwise acknowledge their presence and John thought that if her fingers weren’t broken she would probably be hanging onto Sherlock in that moment.
He had walked into that trap fully knowing what to expect; he had known there would be physical pain – and there was: his skin burned, his shoulder throbbed, the iron of the manacles at his wrists was chafing his skin –
John knew that Sherlock would probably scoff and say something unnecessarily cruel if he said he was sorry about Janine and Victor, so he said nothing, but he didn’t stop looking at Sherlock.
Sherlock looked at him – and incredibly enough the lines of pain around his eyes and mouth had faded and John wondered whether he was aware that his body was leaning toward his brother’s. “
She had chosen to focus on the activity in the bunker, on the fact that Anderson had looked terrified when he had been ushered in  the room.
He had been a good operative, he had served his country and his Queen. But that was different; that was personal. Joan moaned in her sleep and William's resolve only grew stronger.
He didn’t even know what he was pleading for: allowing him to help him? Forgive him? Granting him access, even if he didn’t truly deserve it?
Greg had no idea about what had happened there, but the way the man had said those words and the very fact that he could hear actual
If Alex were still there, he would tell her to stop fucking around and save herself. Alex would – have hunted Sherlock down while he was alone and defenceless and played bait constantly.
And there was something almost too perfect in that video. Murders were messy affairs – crime scenes were never as glamorous as on telly. On paper everything was like it was supposed to be: the sprays of blood, the exit wound, the way Mary’s head had lolled. And yet – it was too clean. Too perfect.
He started when Sherlock scoffed and muttered under his breath, “They could at least try and not insult my intelligence.”
"I can't..." John said shaking his head, his voice hoarse while he continued, "Not now. When this is over, when things --"
He checked his watch and took his mobile phone from his breast pocket right as it rang. Perfect timing. He was not surprised.
Victor shook his head, Sherlock wondered whether the man was feeling a slight sense of vertigo or, perhaps, the sense that reality had been somehow altered.
the wounds on Sherlock’s body before they were even stitched and there was no way they hadn’t hurt. There was no way he hadn’t been in a world of pain and yet he had driven John mad refusing to take anything stronger than paracetamol.
“Are meaningless” Sherlock said, he turned (his back hurt – it was definitely not the worst he had ever experienced, but he was acutely aware of the blood, still seeping down his back and the throbbing between his shoulder blades and further down), John was staring down at his left hand, at the black phone he was holding.
John didn't know about the guard who had been found dead in his own bed the day after he had met Herman Bennett. Mycroft was operating under the assumption that the only safe places were his car and Baker Street, both of which were checked daily for bugs, and among people personally vetted by him.
He half suspected they were playing bait – and a look at the placid calm on Drake’s face almost convinced him of it.
Sherlock was smiling. No, he was smirking, actually. He was on the floor, his back against one of the Plexiglas walls, he was still bleeding, he could see the pool of blood that had formed on the floor. Had he nicked another capillary?  And why wasn’t he moving? He recognised that smirk, however, it was the moment when Sherlock’s mind was galaxies ahead anyone’s else when the picture was crystal clear for him and he knew how to beat his enemy.
“Yeah,” He replied, “his name is Gavril Sidorov – I don’t know much about him, I only met him once.”
He wasn't fooled because Mary was many things, not all of them bad (at least for his standards), but she was not
He got up from his armchair, the pain in his body keeping him grounded (but not like in that house. That was different, that was infinitely more important) and took the couple of steps that separated him from John.
He wasn’t sure whether Mary realised how transparent she was, now. Did her boss suspect? Had they planned that scenario together?
He didn’t open his eyes, when he did he would have to get up from that bed, in that immaculate flat without knives and skulls on the mantelpiece, without experiments and microscopes on the kitchen’s table and body parts in the fridge. He would have a shower, when he got up, he would wash away the physical proofs of the dream he had just had, he would have breakfast, go out and get to work and pretend he wasn’t living in a monochrome world – a Sherlock-less world.
Greg had blamed himself for Sherlock’s suicide three years before. He had never said it aloud, they had rarely talked about Sherlock when they had met at the pubs, once every couple of weeks because –
It had stung -- knowing that John had heard what Bennett had said, not because of the man's words, those had been poor attempts at taunting and playing games with him...because he might have had his penis in his mouth in that basement, but Herman Bennett was unimportant. He was an amateur at playing the game. He truly was a pawn in the great scheme of things and that was the only thing that mattered.
Sherlock blinked his eyes and there was a note of genuine curiosity in his voice when he asked, “Would it make any difference?”
His big brother had watched his assistant stitch him up in the car without saying anything, and how had he ever believed that he would not bring John to see, to learn, to know that he had gone to pieces and that he was facing the man who had kidnapped and tortured him while still bleeding from self inflicted wounds? Of course he would and he had!).
Mr Moore handed him the tablet: it was, of course, password protected. He handed it back to the man and focused his attention on Mary again.
It took effort, sometimes, not to shut down, not to let that odious numbness overcome him, it was harder than dealing with the nightmares or the fleeting seconds where being touched actually repulsed him. He knew he was
The answer would have been yes even if he enquired about her state of mind. Was she okay? No, but it didn’t really matter. She would keep it together for as long as it took, she would pretend, she would do everything they had planned.
had shot Sherlock the previous summer. She had shot him in the chest and he had drunk coffee with her at the hospital, chatting about Sherlock and how he had nine lives like a cat, and how lucky they were he had pulled through, and had never suspected a thing.
He was also worried, though, because the people behind those murders wanted Sherlock to suffer – and the last time someone had threatened John Watson, Sherlock had faked his suicide and had come back, two years later, a changed man: still a force to be reckoned with, but different, less of an arrogant dick to his team, but more dangerous.
a hypocrite. Besides, he was sure Moore would call in any favour people owed him and would still be part of that -
Facts had proved that he had survived perfectly well without Victor. Yet, he was sure, without any shadow of doubt, that were he to lose John he would not have such luck.
What if that madman was behind all the crap that had gone down for the past few weeks? After all, he had seen the video (who hadn't?) and as far as he knew, all the investigations about it had gone nowhere.
Fact. Sherlock still believed that he, John Watson, could live without him, that he could move on, settle down and be happy, whole again.
The tv screens flickered on and there she was: his daughter, still in her incubator, sleeping peacefully. He hazarded a glance at Sherlock and he too was looking at the baby. What was he seeing? He couldn’t say what was on his mind; he had no idea.
Victor was torn. He was – a good man, but he would not bear the scrutiny, he wouldn’t bear his family’s reaction to the knowledge that their precious son was queer. Victor didn’t care about his family’s money, but he cared about his parents’ opinion. He wanted his parents to be proud of him. He wanted to live up to their impossibly high standards and he already knew that down the line he would disappoint them, it was inevitable. Sherlock  knew that Victor would crumble under the pressure, under the lies he was forcing himself to say.
Mycroft nodded. He was looking at the closed door behind which Sherlock and Lestrade were talking. “An invite to play and an incentive to join.” He eventually said.
Sherlock rolled his eyes, “You are being melodramatic, brother mine and it truly doesn’t matter now.” He said. Did Mycroft really want to talk about that? Why?
Sherlock Holmes was in Pakistan, that day. He would get the names he needed and escape, leaving no witnesses behind.
“We will try and save the baby, of course,”  Sherlock said. John nodded. What else could he do? Mycroft had left hours earlier, things were surely already in motion, but part of him wanted to –
Sometimes  Sherlock muttered words in Serbian (at least he assumed it was Serbian.) or some other language he didn't know;  other times he didn't make a sound; he rarely moved during those dreams, but when he woke up there was always a moment, mere seconds actually, where he looked
He looked at the man: his lover, his flatmate, blogger, companion, best friend – and it was suddenly clear what John had hidden from him, what he hadn’t told him, why he hadn’t looked at him for hours and the harshness in his voice; he had known that would happen.
He  wheezed and threw up what it felt like liters of water – just how long had he stayed under? He took in deep breaths. It hurt, his lungs burned, but he needed to clear up his mind. He needed to escape. That charade was mind numbingly boring.
He levelled Anthea with a cold look and said, “I sincerely hope, for your sake that you won’t be upgraded as such, later.”
“El,” The man said, “there is a message for you on John Watson’s blog. It has been updated an hour ago.”
Sherlock was very much aware of the fact that it wouldn’t be long before he would have to get rid of his protection detail, not that it would make a lot of difference whether they were with him or not, but he wanted to avoid useless deaths if at all possible.
She cast a glance at Sidorov’s body on the floor; Mr Neal would not be happy about it, but she didn’t care. In the end, she knew that there was only one thing Mr Neal cared about: not to be found out, and there was only one thing left for her and luckily for the American man the two things matched, therefore he would accept the loss of one man because it would ensure that they both got what they wanted.
He hated that he felt relief at those words, he hated that he had helped those people – he hated that he was in a fucking cage, in the dark.
“I’m not going anywhere.” John repeated. God, how many times had he said those words for the past hours? To paramedics, to nurses, to doctors, to Greg, to Sherlock. He would not leave Sherlock, he didn’t care how complicated things would get, how crazy, how dangerous. He couldn’t leave Sherlock any more that he could stop breathing and still existing.
Sherlock nodded, “Yes. I thought it was fairly obvious given the game they are playing.” He sounded annoyed, now. He sounded so much like himself that John didn’t know whether to sigh in relief or punch a hole through the nearest wall. He settled for blinking his eyes and look at the man sitting in front of him.
Mary remembered the moment the message had come, she remembered how she had driven John to the cemetery that day, how he had asked her whether she would mind staying with him. She had never asked before nor had John offered. John still went each week, sometimes he lied to her and didn’t tell her that he went, other times he did.
She didn’t ask whether the handcuffs were necessary; of course, they were, it was the protocol; hadn’t she been pregnant they would have probably already stunned her, repeatedly.
“My brother, John, Mr. Moore and Detective Inspector Lestrade will stay here in London; there is much to do, data to examine and analyse,” He said looking at William, “criminal activity to monitor,” He continued while looking at Lestrade, “and people apprehended on the breaking point, who only need a little push to talk.”
She had been wearing Sherlock's coat and he had been right next to her, even if he had been hurt as well (that much he found out later) and had just killed people - not officially, not as far as the British government was concerned, but honestly, at that point, he wasn't even sure he cared.
He wasn’t sure what purposes those pictures served, except showing that he was Sherlock’s pressure point, though.
“I went to sleep - and I woke up with a splitting headache in a room I had never seen before,” Victor said after a moment of hesitation when he noticed that he had followed his gaze.
He nodded his head. Sherlock had told him what had happened in the cellar after he had been brought away, nevertheless he said, “Her name is Catherine. And I’m sure you will do your best.”
Sherlock’s last words – the lie he had said that day – his kisses, the feeling of being skin to skin had felt so real. Maybe since Sherlock couldn’t even be arsed to haunt him as a ghost for not believing his lie, for still believing in him, he was doing the job himself, he was haunting himself – keeping his eyes closed and letting his mind wander, thinking about their life – how it would be like, now, had Sherlock not fallen and coming up with peculiar dreams.
He would always remember the sound of a snapped neck. It was not the first life he had taken with his bare hands and he realised that it wouldn't be the last either. Jim Moriarty had not liked to dirty his hands and if he had known more about his past: about the codes he had cracked, about the messages he had decoded – lists of people, of places, of dates; if he had known about the people he had refused to help because they were numbingly boring, he would have gloated more about how similar they were.
He had been in Bucharest, he had got inside a black car - it had been his last stop before heading to Serbia.
" because it would mean that the only things Greg really had to worry about were the bruises he could still see on the younger man's neck and the stiffness of his movements. It would mean that he was being irrational and stupid and boring and Sherlock would be all right.
A photograph, just a screenshot of a pale man on a couch, surrounded by crumpled paper. It had been taken mere seconds after he had ripped everything away from the wall, he would have ripped the world apart, he had wished he could run and run away, chasing criminals, see blood flow. He didn’t particularly like blood flowing or violence and pain – he liked it when things were elegant and clever. Unlike what some people thought he did not get off on dead people and their deaths, he got off on the game. There was a difference. There was. But the only game that night had been seeing John leading Mary, dressed in white, for their first dance as man and wife.
Yes, it was a trap. He was aware of that. Yes, they had clearly meant for them to find the van and the house – but still, things felt
John blinked his eyes owlishly. He had seen the envelope, too thick and too bloody large to contain just that note. He had seen the pictures in Bennett’s house, he had heard (but not really listened, because he hadn’t
a reason for the two guards outside their door, 24/7,  for the wounds on Sherlock’s body and for the fact that the air in the flat could suddenly become frigid if Sherlock dropped something or forgot about the stitches on his body: the eight hours in Herman Bennett’s basement had happened; that was a
He slowly and deliberately put his phone down, on his desk, and resumed watching the video on his laptop.
. Except that being alone hadn’t really worked, had it? It was what he had been left with, it had been a paper thin protection, in the end; because it had changed him, in ways he couldn’t have anticipated, calculated, even if he had thought about doing so.
They had been admittedly good at inflicting pain, John had touched those scars, he had kissed them –  he had allowed him to trace some of them with his fingertips the previous night, and it had truly felt like they belonged to the past, like he would stop losing track of time, like it was a closed chapter.
He thought about Greg who still looked exhausted, eyes red rimmed with lack of sleep, looking pale as he got out from that very room after talking to Sherlock . He thought about Mycroft, whose grip on the handle of his ever present umbrella had been tight outside that room, who looked less put together than usual – he thought about the rage he still felt, the outrage whenever a doctor got into the room and checked on Sherlock, how he had wanted to shout and hit something while Sherlock and the plastic surgeon had talked; he thought about HIV tests, and all the pills Sherlock was obediently taking to prevent HIV and venereal diseases.
Yes. He could see from the turn of his lips and the way he had adjusted on the seat that Mycroft was worried about him. Did he deduce that Moriarty's name on his chest itched and burned?
There was a reason for all the dull rules SIS had. If he hadn’t been alone, if he had proper backup he wouldn’t be bleeding from superficial wounds all over his body – shallow cuts that would not leave scars but kept bleeding, his skin wouldn’t be burning as if acid or salt had been poured over it and two men wouldn’t be dragging him toward a – big  bucket filled with water. The bucket was on a table in a corner of the room and Sherlock blinked.
Second of all: thank you to everyone who commented, bookmarked and left kudos to the previous chapters, they mean the world to me, especially because English is not my language and I'm flying solo (no beta reader, no brit picker)
Sherlock nodded. He had. At least part of it – it was really obvious, now: how Mycroft, despite his resources, still had not found satisfying and corroborating evidence about Mary’s past, but Charles Augustus Magnussen had had them, since the beginning, apparently.
He had no idea about what he had just talked about, and he knew that Sherlock was not ready to share, therefore he let Mycroft’s words slide, but had to stifle a snort when the man asked, “Are you part of the task force? You still have not answered.”
Sherlock cocked an eyebrow and whispered, “You don’t touch me unless it is absolutely necessary, and even then you are hesitant. You have been in my bedroom in Baker Street, your eyes are red rimmed, you have –”
William seemed to understand Sherlock’s doubts because he said, “Mr. Holmes if Joan’s kidnapping was some act of revenge against me and my past we could somehow narrow it down.” He looked at him for a second and then spat, “Who the hell sent you here?”
John rested his overnight bag on a chair, Mycroft got up, closed the folder and rested it on his chair, he casted a brief glance at Sherlock’s sleeping form, he turned and looked at him and said, with a tight smile on his lips, “A word?”
It was a good plan, one of Mycroft’s best. It was not like Lazarus, it was not like the other strategies Mycroft had planned for Magnussen or Moriarty. John would be safe. His friends would be safe.
Sherlock shook his head; he had let his heart overrule his brain, he had been unforgivably reckless and he had not seen what was right under his nose.
He nodded at Sherlock, still acutely aware of how close to each other they were, on the man’s bed, and was surprised realizing that he wanted to kiss him. He was still worried about Sherlock, he was still reeling over what had happened, he still wanted to kill Herman Bennett, he wanted to ask Sherlock whether he was sure that meeting Herman Bennett was a good idea (it was a terrible, abysmal idea, and Sherlock wouldn’t change his mind, but that would not stop him asking.) – but, but he wanted to kiss Sherlock.
They  needed time. Just until the baby was born and they had dealt with the people behind Herman Bennett.
But first she had to finally meet John Watson, she had to enter his life, she had to – follow the instructions, the plan.
It didn't often happen to him not to have the faintest idea about what to do next, but for some reason he couldn't bring himself to be truly worried about it.
“Could you give me a moment with John?” Moriarty said, “John, John, John. Special John, soldier John, doctor John, addicted to adrenaline and fake sociopaths John. John Hamish Watson, Fifth Northumberland Fusilier.”
There was a pause, the man’s voice seethed with contempt when he added, “and no, we have no clue about where he is, so don’t bother!”
And part of him wanted to say that he didn’t care. Part of him wanted to leave that warehouse, turn his back at the game, bring John with him and just
He did not expect forgiveness or understanding from his brother, he had known that using John would have consequences. It did not matter that John had agreed, that he had followed his instructions, that he had trusted him.
He meant it. Greg had been threatened, but he didn’t seem to be overly worried about that, about his own safety; for the past few weeks, he had been there, for them, listening to the things Sherlock had not allowed him to know, seeing scars and death and threats. He meant it. He wanted to help.
Doctor Hood smiled at that, “If he were a psychopath what happened to him wouldn’t be cause of concern, would it? It could not hurt him.”
He hazarded a look at the screen: his daughter was still soundly asleep, and he had no idea whether she was even in the place they were in (was it a basement? Were they in a house?), he had no guarantees – and no real choice, Mary wasn’t truly giving them one. It was her game.
He expected a token protest, but Sherlock didn’t say a word, he followed him upstairs, only hesitating on the threshold of his bedroom. There were things that sooner or later they would need to discuss, but it was not the moment, not the night, not the circumstance. Sherlock needed him.
He saw Mary closing her eyes and chose to focus on her, on the gun pointed at her head, on the man who was speaking, even though he was aware that they were trying to trace the call. He didn’t care.
It was sorting through pictures in his laptop and coming across snapshots of his life with Sherlock, realizing that he did not actually remember what his life before meeting that infuriatingly brilliant man used to be like.
He did not care about the victims probably, he doubted he cared that much about Joan Adams as well, even though he had spent a few seconds more than absolutely necessary looking at the pictures in the sitting room – but Sherlock somehow cared about William Moore and what he was feeling. He was positive that Sherlock would deny that, vehemently, if asked, but it was the truth. It must be.
He could recount every second, every moment of what had happened in that small room, not out loud, not in detail – the person closer to hear everything had been Lestrade, but there were things he had not shared with him, it would have served no purpose.
“Not a clue. They were operating on a need to know basis, I was just there because initially he talked in Albanian and I was in the room nearby.” He said. It was the truth.
When the message had come, right after John had gone to Baker Street (official excuse: run some errands), she had had to sit down for a moment. She had known that day would come. She had known there would be a moment where she would have to be in the same room with Sherlock
There was no escaping from the images his subconscious came up with, now; he saw in vivid Technicolor what Herman Bennett had done to Sherlock, and  what Mary, Magnussen, Moriarty had done...and sometimes it was him who...
She was a killer, after all, and she was good at what she did: perfect technique, a knife straight to the heart. The man dropped at her feet uttering something in Russian.
He was  sure Anthea had tried to stop him, it had all happened very quietly, though. And John was there and he still wanted to talk to that man. Which was inherently wrong. It was a surrender, it was like admitting defeat.
He heard John – his gasp of surprise, even before he saw her. She was wearing a grey suit, black high heeled shoes, her face was puffy and bruised, but she was smiling, and it was a genuine smile, he was disappointed with himself that he might have ever bought her smiles as genuine before.
He didn’t feel remorse for what he had done – it had been necessary, it had been inevitable, he had had to survive, he had had to tear down Moriarty’s web and there had been no other way.
“Sometimes,” John said, “taking away the right to choose from a person, is the only choice you do actually have.”
The quiet lasted exactly forty eight hours. In fact, the silence had become almost deafening, almost a prelude, John would think later, of things to come. Quiet didn’t mean things had started to be better.
It was like it should have always been, if one ignored the wounds on Sherlock’s body, the nightmares and the ever growing collection of pills on Sherlock’s bedside table (all kinds of pills, except for painkillers. Sherlock was still adamant about not taking them and having witnessed Sherlock’s nightmares, he had stopped asking him to).
He did not hesitate when she nodded her head. He had had a dream, shortly before waking up – what had been amazing of it had been the total lack of physical pain, the quiet in his mind – the reality was different: oh, his mind palace was blessedly quiet, after far too much noise, schisms, confusion, but his body was another matter. There had not been a day, for the past few years where he had not been in pain, to the point that he did not truly remember what it was like not to feel stitches pulling, ribs being tender, cuts risking infections.
“My name – my real name is Emily,” Mary said. She swallowed. Was it a lie? Sherlock couldn’t tell. She was in pain, that was the only thing he could say for sure. She had fought before, though –  but she was
terms. It meant fighting dirty, breaking laws, bones and veins. It meant that even if those people got what they wanted, even if they succeeded in destroying him, he would drag them down with him.
And it hit John – just how much it must have hurt Sherlock to hear him say similar words (no, worse, far much worse) – because – who else could there be there for him?
He knew it was an exercise in futility, especially when Sherlock settled on a channel which was covering Joan Adams’ abduction. He was afraid, suddenly. Or maybe he hadn’t stopped being afraid for a single moment ever since he had seen Sherlock on the ledge of St. Bart’s roof.
because he couldn't even sneeze without  risking to tear up his stitches, his dominant hand was still sore, he still had Moriarty's name on his chest, but he felt oddly at peace.
John was still unconscious or was waiting for the perfect opportunity to attack her, again. Who knew. Who the fuck cared.
The adrenaline flowing through his veins was making every detail, every sound and movement even clearer. The orders had been very clear: they were not, unless absolutely necessary, to neutralize Mary Morstan: they needed her alive.
“You cannot possibly mean that. You can’t be that stupid!” Sherlock said. He looked at the tall man and continued, “He would not risk showing his hand, not this late in the game.”
The two men sitting in front of him were mere pawns, he needed information from them, not the kind that would save John Watson – for it was clear that they were not useful for that.
he had gone out looking for a nice fix there had been a phone call, from Victor. Or had he gone out for a fix
"Sherlock..." Mycroft started, and Sherlock clenched his jaws. He hated the patronizing way his brother had just said his name because he knew what it meant, it was the tone of voice he used even he thought he was being puerile and unreasonable.
It was fate, it had been inevitable since the day they had met, at Barts, and Sherlock had instantly known everything about him. It could have happened in a million of different ways and John wondered whether Sherlock had had similar thoughts, whether he had imagined like he was doing now, different scenarios for
He let out an annoyed sigh at her words, he could not help it. Yes, he loved games – but there had to be a point to them, what he had seen and experienced since Moriarty’s video message had been broadcasted – and he was still curious about how they had managed to do that – had been just a
It was surprising because he had thought he genuinely didn't care about Victor any longer. He felt vaguely sick thinking about the fact that although Victor mattered (he didn't even know why, in which way, he only knew that he did) he would let those people cut him to pieces, on national TV like they had threatened to do with Joan, before he allowed John to be used for that game.
“I’m going tomorrow. I must have deleted my first meeting with him.” Sherlock said and he looked genuinely puzzled by his lack of memories about the man.
He let go of John’s hand when the car stopped.  Funny how he felt like himself for the first time – in a very
think that you are in any way similar to Jim Moriarty.” John said, his eyes boring into his and Sherlock could not move a muscle.
Mary had removed all the pictures that used to be in the sitting room – pictures of the wedding and of dates with John.
Sherlock, however, was stubborn; every time his body somehow failed him, every time he couldn’t do some mundane task because of his wounds, he took it personally. What was worst was that he took it as a personal
She had. Sherlock knew that she had, but he wasn’t going down without a fight. She realised that she wouldn’t want it any other way.
That night she needed to remember: it would hurt, as always, but it was also necessary. It would give her purpose. It would break her heart all over again.
Sex didn’t solve problems. Sex was not a panacea. That was what Sherlock had told him the night before, and it was still true.
He didn’t expect the bitter smile that crept on Sherlock’s lips, he had almost hoped for a tsunami of scathing words, a childish tantrum, he did not expect Sherlock’s soft tone of voice when he said, “Ah, of course! I’m a
It might have happened after Sherlock came back, if they had been different men if there weren’t things, people (Mary), in the way.
Only later would John see that there had been a purpose behind the silence, behind the relative calm that had descended upon them in the week following Joan's kidnapping.
She didn’t care about the man’s real name, she decided, she had inferred the things she needed to know about him, but they didn’t really matter.
The thing was that William Moore used to be very good at his job. It wasn’t what he had meant to be growing up, that life had sort of swept him on his feet, but that didn’t change the fact that he had been a good operative. And the people he had contacted, the people who owed him favors were the sort of people that no one usually gave a damn about; it was invisible people, small fishes and people who for some reasons always knew everything, despite what their official jobs were. His old acquaintances, his friends were the cogs that let the machine run smoothly.
Mycroft Holmes let out a mirthless chuckle and William looked at the woman for a moment. She was openly listening to his conversation, now. If she had looked worried before, now she looked – almost distraught.
There had not been a plan, not yet. She had not known Mr Neal, that would come later, but she had known that one day, it did not matter how long it took, she would make the man who had killed Alex pay.
Mycroft smiled, “Amazing what one is willing to do for the ones he holds most dear, isn’t it?” he said.
The day Mary Morstan died he had finalised contracts which made him very rich and even more powerful. It was a delicate balance to try and still fly below the radar and juggle all that power and with Mary dead, he had had to rely more on Michael.
He smiled. He liked that the man didn’t take any bullshit from him. It had made him feel exposed, at first, until he realised that it was the point.
He handed him the tablet, silently prompting him to go on. Michael was not scared of him; they had known each other for far too long, but he was not stupid either. He respected him and he had to grudgingly admit that it was mutual.
and Sherlock was finding it more and more difficult to ignore the way his own body reacted to Victor's proximity. Ignoring his sex drive required more effort and, to his chagrin, he wasn't always successful.
Later Joan would never let him live that down: an MI6 agent with a hole in the indent between his thumb and index finger caused by a bloody tuna tin. He had known he was screwed while she stitched his hand – and she would later tell him that she wasn’t even supposed to work at the A&E that night, she had traded places with a colleague who needed a favor.
“What are the rules of magic tricks, Sherlock?” Moriarty asked. He could hear ‘Stayin’ Alive’ playing on the man’s mobile phone.
He found him on the stairs between the hospital floors; his face between his hands, breathing heavily. The doctor acknowledged his presence hearing the steps behind him, Greg could tell, but he didn’t move.
Sherlock nodded. He looked tired, exhausted but he had accepted his refusal to have sex with him. Even if they had danced around the words, like they were so good at doing.
“They will surely know you keep my mobile under control,” John said. It was useless to dance around the facts.
It could have been worse, he reasoned, as images of Joan Adams' hands popped up in his mind: Sherlock's name carved on her body had been terrible, but as a doctor (and a soldier) the idea of something happening to his hands was
“I understand perfectly,” John said. His voice was soft, but she knew him well: John Watson was not to be feared when he shouted or when he kicked chairs or even when he threw fits in a restaurant. John was to be feared when his voice was soft and he had a smile on his lips.
Sherlock loved him. But that wasn’t what was keeping him rooted on the spot, sitting on Sherlock’s bed, clinging to a white shirt, while blinking his eyes and fighting back tears. No. Sherlock was
He was not surprised when he saw another picture of John; it was redundant, at that point, they surely must know that he would play the game at that stage, that he would not risk John’s life, and yet he studied each detail of the grainy image they had sent him.
have happened, though - even the woman seemed to share his feeling because she had ended her own phone call and was pretending to text someone. She looked worried.
Greg had been amazed, shocked, furious – and he had also worried about the kid who apparently had had no self-preservation instinct whatsoever and didn’t care one toss about what his words did to people.
He had held on remarkably well ever since that nightmare had started; he had soldiered on, because finding Sherlock, finding him alive was more important than the way his blood was boiling in his veins or his heart had been stuck in his throat with fear. He was too tired, now – too raw to keep a stiff upper lip. His vision blurred for a moment and he had to blink, and when he talked his voice came out low and it hurt to speak.
And John thought that one day feeling like he had just skipped big chunks of dialogues between the two men, even if he had been right there with them, would not annoy him so much.
“It’s me.” Greg said. John tensed. It was a subtle movement, and Greg might have missed it, if he hadn’t paid attention. He was, though.
He saw Sherlock reading instructions on a sheet of paper, take the first pill and a moment later the mobile phone he had found in a locker rang. He saw and heard only Sherlock’s end of the conversation – and yes, he should have ended it right there, he thought again – because it was clear that Sherlock did not care about the larger scheme, he didn’t truly have a plan and didn’t honestly care about surviving.
No reaction. Had he said those words an hour, a week, a month earlier the result would have been vastly different. Was it why her eyes had welled up with tears the night she had shot him? Had it been happiness or regret because she couldn’t have him locked up in a cell and have her wish fulfilment?
Perhaps, he admitted, part of him had thought that Sherlock would revert back to his old self, to his old life, once John Watson would marry. He had thought that he would suffer, yes, but he would go back to what he knew, to a life without attachments or weaknesses. He had believed Sherlock would be safe.
He was in his late forties, sharply dressed in a black suit and a white shirt, his black hair was peppered with gray at the temples, he had light brown eyes and when he smiled at her, she noticed his perfect white teeth and the fact that he had dimples; he had a nice smile, the kind of smile that inspired immediate trust, even from her – and she wasn’t easily fooled. Damn, he was good at what he did, wasn’t he?
She did not tell him to be careful, she did not say a word. And yet, Sherlock had posed an interesting dilemma: would he have allowed Anthea to play bait?
Victor Trevor was in one of the videos, and so was Mary’s fake execution and the rehearsals of them.
Mycroft had known Sherlock had lost weight, he knew how much weight he had lost, but seeing him shirtless – was different. Sherlock had not closed the door on purpose, he had wanted him to see everything, he wanted him to see the details of what the last few weeks had done to his body.
He moved, and part of him knew it was a mistake, that it was the reason why Mary had said those words. She was still playing, she would play until her last breath, probably.
He wished he had hazy recollections of the day he had jumped off that rooftop, instead he remembered every single moment with stark clarity: the smells, the textures, the taste of copper (adrenaline and fear) in the back of his throat, the sight of Jim Moriarty waiting for him on that rooftop, the spider patiently waiting for its meal, the song he had been listening while waiting for him for their final meeting.
John clearly remembered his first date with Mary. It had felt natural, she had been the first person, after that day outside Bart’s, that made him smile – and it had caught him by surprise when he had realised that those smiles had been heartfelt.
He was on the floor, his wrists were sores, but he wasn’t handcuffed – which, for some reason actually scared him; his back was against something cold and smooth, like glass. He could not see a thing – he waited until the nausea became bearable before attempting to get up again. It worked, more or less. He swayed on his feet and had to blink his eyes and lean against the smooth surface.
He had to exist in it. He had to – survive because that was what he was supposed to do. He was a soldier, he had gone to war and he had survived. But it had taken Sherlock to really save him.
He could taste bile in his throat, but he moved another step, and it was surreal – he was watching himself move, he was watching Mary pointing the gun at him, her smile faded, and she could say more. Oh, yes. She could – because she had given pointers to the animal who had tortured Sherlock – had she been part of the watch along party as well?
He did not reply to his brother’s words. What was he supposed to tell him anyway? He might not have the heart of a dragon slayer or a pirate, but he did have one – and bringing him out from that dungeon in Serbia had been the only choice he had. He had used the perfect excuse too: a potential terrorist attack to London, but hadn’t it been there, he would have created one himself.
Mycroft had been right, though – Sherlock’s blindness could only be temporary, the best they could do was to –
Sherlock chuckled, “Oh, twice a week since Mary died. Didn’t really help, but she says that I am doing fine, better than expected given the circumstances”
He didn't want to treat Sherlock like China, but he could never tell how he would react. Sherlock sensed his hesitation or deduced it, because he closed the distance between them and took his face in his hands, staring at him for a moment, before saying, "It's not only about pressure points, not like with Magnussen or Moriarty. And here lies the problem, John: I would behave like William did."
of the problems, at least – that Sherlock flinched away from his touch. It didn’t happen often, and there was never anything remotely
Sherlock closed his eyes for a moment. “Please, leave.” He said, a bored note in his voice, “You are being irrational and I’ve already endured my fair share of it for the past –” he looked at the round clock on the wall in front of him and said, “fourteen hours. Go back to Mary.”
He was more than the others: the Herman Bennetts, the nameless men, thugs for hire, who had kidnapped and tortured a blonde doctor just to try and play mind games with him.
He  realised how cold and detached he might sound and look to Victor and he was satisfied. There was nothing personal, he had nothing against Victor, but it was nevertheless good not to feel like he was coming undone at the seams. It was good to feel his own body and thoughts.
He strode angrily toward the soundproof room and halted on the threshold. The last time he had been there it had been easy to gloss over what had happened, he had been – distracted. He had been – overwhelmed and it was so clear, now. Obvious, really.
Mary had been handcuffed, she had been bleeding, but she still had tried and fought the men. She hadn’t looked particularly scared, but then again he had realised the day before that Mary was not scared of anything at the moment.
"I had to make you believe, John. There was no other way." Sherlock said. "I heard you that day..." He added in a low voice.
“Sherlock…” John said stopping him, trying to convey with a look, that it was a really bad idea to say those things in that moment.
"A minute," John repeated, without looking at him, his eyes never leaving Sherlock. And Sherlock didn’t object.
He took the first pill, he swallowed it without water, it was bitter and he just wanted it to be over. He waited.
man as an opponent; it would have been interesting – it would have been different, that was for sure.  Sherlock had told her not to pressure someone who had nothing left to lose.
If Sherlock Holmes died – he would not be considered responsible for it, but he could see clearly what would happen: Mycroft Holmes would start a war, and there would be a lot of casualties along the way because the consulting detective was, possibly, the only shred of humanity Mycroft Holmes had; without him he would coldly, mercilessly do everything in his power to utterly destroy whoever was responsible for his brother’s death.
No. Not exactly. Moriarty had wanted to burn the heart out of him – Mary had done more: she had systematically broken it, piece by piece.
“Did he say something?” John asked in a low voice. He looked at him and specified, “Sherlock. When you got down there.”
He sighed, sitting on the bed of the hotel room he had finally checked in – his internal clock was shot to hell and he was pretty sure that he hadn’t had a decent sleep for over a week, but it didn’t matter. The sooner he got things done, the sooner he would come back home with the knowledge that Joan and he would be safe.
gave her orders, but his suggestions rationally explained to her, always ended up being followed. The baby had been the ultimate insurance in case Sherlock and John stuck their heads out of their asses and stopped being either in denial about their feelings or being too insecure and self-sacrificing to act on them before the wedding could take place.
Mr. Neal (no first name, and it was only fair: she hadn't given him her real name either.) was picking up the pieces of Moriarty's empire, one brick at a time, being extremely careful in not to attract any unwanted attention. They flew under the radar – and it was a painstakingly long job and she should know since she had been there with him almost  since the beginning and had helped it happen. She still did.
they could inflict more serious damage. Before they started with electricity, after all, they were quite predictable and old school.
He wasn’t sure whether she was saying the truth and it didn’t really matter, did it? There was a gun pointed at her head and the man who had talked during the first call was holding it. He recognized the hand, the long, dirty nails. There was someone else in the room, the person who was holding the device recording what was happening.
Sherlock did. John would call him an idiot and so would his brother. Neither of them were there, though.
he thought, when Sherlock opened his eyes and looked at him and John's hand tightened on his book, the momentary panic at the idea that Sherlock could deduce he had been crying, that he had splashed his face with cold water, after, and had felt short of breath for a moment when he had seen the broken mirror on the wall eclipsed when Sherlock actually looked at him, and John could see it now; it was the same look he had seen in the photographs: naked and filled with
They had said it was a machine, that what they were experiencing was a long time in the making. He would start from there.
“Sherlock…” John said. He was right outside the kitchenette. He was giving him room, now. Now that he could breathe again. How ironic.
someone Sherlock didn't know, like Herman Bennett's victims (which hadn't stopped him from saving that girl, she thought) or the doctor that had been kidnapped in her flat.
The woman known as Mary Morstan was dead: she had made her choices; he had warned her when part of her past had been uncovered, he had also tried to talk her out of her batshit crazy idea, but she had not relented. Not that he had expected her to.
“All lives end, all hearts are broken. Caring is not an advantage.” He said aloud to the empty room.
“She left right after the funeral – there are fresh flowers on Cooper’s grave every week, but no one ever sees who puts them there.” Ms. Adler said.
Correction: Sherlock and he slept together. In the same bed. They read: Sherlock about old cases, about chemistry or random news on his mobile phone while John read medical journals. They ended up plastered to each other, tangled legs and his arm always possessively draped over Sherlock's narrow hips.
They all did, and Greg had felt protective of the younger man, trying to shield his body with his from the other people’s inquisitive stares. He looked at John; the man was looking down at his open hands, frowning.
Sherlock would have been hyper-vigilant under normal circumstances, if he had come back to his old life, to the things he knew.  But things had changed – and Sherlock had not seen, both willingly and because of outside interferences.
“He did not say much,” She replied smoothly. Too smoothly. She was lying, and he honestly didn’t care why. She knew what was going on. She had to. He suspected she might know even more than he did.
She was usually not one to lose time and fuck around when she had a job to do unless specifically required by her clients, but the things she might have done to Sherlock had she had the time, would have made look his afternoon with Herman like a fucking walk in the park.
He could hear voices coming from downstairs, but he couldn't hear Sherlock's ...and even though he knew that Sherlock was alive the man's silence was scaring him. The stench was stronger in the basement, it hit him almost like a physical blow to his stomach, making his throat pulse with the need to gag and making it refuse the air that was making its way down to his lungs.
“Never repeat the trick. The good ones, the ones like you or that wife only can perform once. Because you know Sherlock – you know that it’s not the fall that kills you, the trickiest part, the danger is -”
“Ready to exact your pound of flesh at long last?” Sherlock said. He shrugged off his coat and folded it on the chair next to him; that was Sherlock playing the game –  he had seen him countless times – he recognized the fluidity of his movements and the look in his eyes. That was Sherlock ready to win – and it was a sight to behold, after so long.
Mr. Neal knew that. He might not know everything about her past (there was no one left who knew, not any longer.), but he knew about Alex. He was the only person she didn’t have to pretend with, he was the only person she didn’t have to wear a mask with. It was refreshing, in a way. She knew Mr. Neal didn’t care about her loss (why would he?), she  had no idea whether there was a personal agenda as well behind his plan. She didn’t particularly care.
Sherlock hadn’t even looked at him while Greg had asked him to wait outside, he had stared at the wall in front of him, a blank look on his face; it had been Greg who had smiled at him apologetically and said, “It won’t take long.” John desperately wanted to believe that he was asking for Sherlock’s help with something, anything and that the follow up questions were just an excuse.
It didn't matter, it didn't change the facts –  and those were the only things that mattered. But, yes, for the sake of accuracy, he probably had been, even if the realization had come later.
“When is the surgery scheduled?” He asked, breaking his train of thoughts and he realised he had not talked for a few minutes.
He spat the last word, and John understood what Sherlock might have thought. Did he think he would remind him of all the times he had talked about
She started, though, when she felt Greg's hand on her shoulder.  Greg was smiling, but Molly thought that it was mostly for her benefit, which sort of moved her since Greg looked exhausted, she doubted he had got a decent night's sleep since Sherlock had been kidnapped. Well, no. She corrected herself: Sherlock, who had known and seen the damage Herman Bennett had done to his victims, had willingly traded places with someone he didn't know. And Greg couldn’t forgive himself for not stopping things before they got out of hand. He had never said it, of course, but she knew Greg and probably she would be feeling the same if she were in his position.
Mycroft Holmes was very tired. He was also furious. But anger and rest and any other feeling he might feel would have to wait.
He honestly had no idea how long he had asked to see her, how loud he had cried to see her – he didn’t even know whether they had heard him, whether they were looking at him and sending Sherlock images and videos of him going to pieces.
“Not now, John,” Sherlock said. The last thing he needed was to be told that he shouldn’t blame himself.
He had given them exactly what they wanted, every step of the way. He had told John that he would change strategy, that he would not play by those people’s rules – but the truth was that there was one rule only: hurting him, bit by bit – and he had danced all along and it was too late to change that.
He had nodded, placing a kiss against Sherlock’s collarbone, he had not apologised because the time for apologies belonged to the past, but he had kept the picture as a reminder.
The fact that Sherlock had had to kill while he had been away  also made the scars he had seen on his body – and he had had the time to properly look at all of them: the older ones as much as the fresh ones when he had looked at the pictures taken at the hospital – made terrible sense.
Greg nodded. To be honest he was happy to get out from that room, from all the untold things and the heaviness, he needed to breathe, to collect his thoughts, to be ready for when things would go pear shaped (because they would, they always did when it mattered).
“Possibly –“ Sherlock said, “does she know about the other one? Does she know what you did? She should.”
She was armed, but she was not using either the gun or the knife to threaten them. She was in pain, but she was still standing, even if it was clear that it was starting to take its toll on her.
“It’s a code.” Sherlock replied interrupting him, wrapping himself closer to him, not caring about the wounds in his body (he was healing. He was better. He was a survivor.) and said, “it’s meant to ensure the protection of the people closest to me and plucking out each and every threat.”
He didn’t ask how he could be sure. He had been a copper for a long time and he had also seen the video footage of what had happened the previous night to Mary and her protection detail. He was right.
But he took his hand and they entwined fingers. And people would talk – and he didn’t care. All he cared about, all it mattered was that Sherlock and he were going
Mr. Neal sighed. She clearly heard him lit up a cigarette. He exhaled and said, “I promise you, Mary – but I sincerely hope that…”
John looked at him, seeking confirmation – and Sherlock wanted to tell him not to trust him, because he had been a blind idiot, who had ran headfirst into a trap, without knowing who his opponent truly was,  without flimsy back up or even a rudimentary plan.
William nodded, he took a sip from his mug and John noticed his scraped knuckles, “Yes. Very good,” The man said, “but you still haven’t answered me. You said my past has nothing to do with what happened, and yet SIS are here combing through my flat and Mycroft Holmes’ brother is in my kitchen deducing me, so let me assure you and the British Government that I did
They could have killed Molly instead of scaring her, they had wanted them to know that it didn’t matter which measures Mycroft had implemented, which code word Sherlock had said the night before; they were not safe, none of them were.
“Sherlock? If you want us to be public, if you don’t agree with this – just say it. I want to be with you. Sod the rest!” Victor said. He was telling the truth, he could clearly deduce it from the earnest look on his face, from the set of his shoulders and the way he was looking at him.
Sherlock had not kept him out, though. Once William had left he had said, “He was a good operative according to my brother. His skills might be useful.”
When he finally, after what it felt like hours, he got outside the house, on a gurney, he saw Mary’s body.
Sherlock had slid closer to him – it had become natural to share a bed, even if John never stopped being mindful of Sherlock’s wounds, it was nevertheless so
Mycroft, however, for some reason was sure that they would find them alive. He hoped he was right. He truly did. He hoped he had information he had not shared with them.
. Lestrade who had physically unchained him in that basement, looking at him from the neck up, shielding him from the other people’s stares with his own body and authority.
It was not a case, and they all knew that; it was a war they hadn’t even been aware they were fighting, there had been casualties and it was still ongoing, even if they could not see their opponent.
tell John -- dark moments, after he had come back, hours flown by without him noticing, while the water in the bathtub became too cold and the lights were switched off and his stash of cocaine had been so tantalizingly close and yet he had not moved.
“Did you ever?” He shot back. It was a genuine question, a loaded one. Did he want to know whether she had ever cared about John? Or the baby? Did he want to know how wrong he had been in reading her?
No, not the bullets or how he had shot a gun he wasn’t even supposed to have, or how agent Drake, who was thin, was about his age and was not one for conversation, had dodged bullets as if it was something he did every day and had taken down all but one man.
What was worse, though, was that Sherlock had not asked for pictures of the small metal box found on Janine’s legs: it wasn’t much bigger than a shoebox, it was a small, black strong case with a digital pad on it. Sherlock had not even reacted to that, nor had he asked about the contents of the note after being informed of its existence.
Later he would think that it had been obvious, really. He would think that Molly had never been truly in danger, that they had wanted to destabilize Lestrade and have them all in the same room when the texts came.
A decade working with Sherlock and a lifetime as a copper had honed his deduction skills and his gut instinct, apparently. He had been right.
Part of him was relieved, though – if Sherlock and John had  found some happiness  amidst all the pain and horror that had  swept them on their feet for the past few weeks – that was
“And then he looked around, he insulted the witness and found the bolthole where the murderer was hiding, meanwhile John was
That couldn’t possibly be good. Sherlock had texted that he would be in touch, but that had been hours before. He hadn’t been retired long enough to have forgotten what a phone call from a man like Mycroft Holmes could mean. His first thought was for Joan, but he sincerely doubted Sherlock’s brother would bother to call him personally if something had happened to her.
being what had happened with Herman Bennett, what they would undoubtedly face once the radio silence from those  people would end. And yet those bwords felt like a vow, like an oath. One he couldn't help but reciprocating.
It was bad enough seeing that man tied to that chair trying to get free, hurting himself trying to escape, but things got
It was remembering that Sherlock had allowed him to go to pieces and held him as he mourned the life he had so desperately wanted to have and the man he so desperately wanted to be.
That could be the last time, he realised. Mycroft would try and avoid the worst case scenario, he had told him he would do his best and he believed him, but he was also aware that given the choice he would always put his brother first.
him, with the illusion that John was fine, unharmed – only to find out, when Mary was ready, that the truth was different. It was irrational, but all his actions for the past few hours had ignored reason favoring sentiment, hence his current situation.
He didn’t know how long he had been there, on that chair. He had tried to count seconds, to measure time through his heartbeat. He was reasonably sure that he had been silent for a long time,  he had not moved, he was sure about that.
“After all,” He said still smiling, “The satisfaction that comes from killing a person is, as I’m sure you are aware, short-lived.”
He sympathized, but that didn’t stop him from pulling the trigger, using the last of his willpower to keep his hand steady (the morons had sprained muscles of his arms, but they had not broken the fingers of his dominant hand: their incompetence and cockiness was mindboggling.) and not miss an easy shot.
Contrary to popular belief (all his classmates at school, Mycroft, mummy, and father, just to name a few), he
Sherlock closed the folder in his hands. What was he going to do? What options did he actually have?
Mary was not stupid, though. Whatever her intentions had been she would not have left tangible proofs of them.
Sherlock opened the notebook, quickly skimming through the pages and frowned: he was absolutely certain that only Mycroft and he knew the key to the ciphered words on those pages. They had invented the code themselves a long time ago, before drug addictions, political ambitions, and life had turned them into what they were now,
Good. They needed to find out not only Mary’s whereabouts and her exact role in the new chain of command but also everyone else who was part of it.
like his usual self? Did he know that his brother had blisters on his right hand, the same one he had shattered a mirror with? Did he know why?
“I thought all I could have from you was the adrenaline rushes. I thought I was addicted to that, but you have always been more to me.” He said, “and as ever you’re right: I see but I do not observe.”
There were bugs in that old boiler room, but removing them, trying to trace them would be an exercise in futility.
He still had no idea whether Mary had timed his shooting so that help would arrive in time, or if it had been a mistake on her part. He was lucky to be alive.
He could still see Mary firing her gun, over and over, he could still hear the sound the gun had made when the bullet had gone off and the muffled cry John had let out.
Molly was shaken. She was holding a cup of tea in her hands and Greg was on the other side of her office, his back against the window, looking at her. Sherlock narrowed his eyes: why wasn’t Greg close to Molly like he clearly wanted to do? Why was he in a corner of Molly’s office?
It had not been Mycroft’s idea to have him ask Sherlock to clean his act if he wanted to keep consulting on his crime scene, it had been his own doing and Sherlock had complied; he had disappeared for a month – and he still did not know whether he had been in rehab or he had quit cold turkey and almost killed himself trying to get clean: all he knew was that  he had been brought to the bunker shortly after Sherlock had reappeared, sober and even more of a dick than before, and Mycroft had – well, he supposed that in his own way he had meant to thank him;  he only remembered getting out from that bunker wanting to punch things, but he had also understood that being dicks ran in the Holmes’ family, there must have been something in their DNA and had let it slide.
“No,” Mycroft said, breaking his train of thoughts, “he took down a crime empire, on his own. We still don’t know how Bennett came to know what Moriarty said to Sherlock that day. But do not underestimate what Sherlock accomplished.”
Unlike John and Sherlock – he remembered the names of each person Herman Bennett had tortured and killed. He remembered their faces, he had seen their houses, talked to their relatives. He remembered all the faces in the pictures and had been there when their remains had been recovered.
It was working. John read it in Sherlock’s eyes. He saw the moment where the realization set in, the moment the deception  made its way into Sherlock’s mind and its seed started to bloom.
The  link to the streaming video had appeared out of nowhere on her computer screen. One moment she had been checking data on her computer and a moment later the screen had gone black and then the link had appeared.
There were Alyce Bradford and her parents, who wanted to express Sherlock their gratitude, but also sought justice, who didn't know that Alyce had gone through hell because of a sick game.
"I would never ask you to give up  your job for me. I am not that kind of person." Joan told him that night.
Molly opened a drawer of her desk and took the box: it was wrapped in an evidence bag, she held out a hand and Sherlock noticed that she was trembling, but she was right: she was not a coward. She was a friend and she wanted to be there, with them. She had been scared even the day he had faked his own death, but she had helped him – and he owed her his life, John, and Greg too.
“Right. Her claims to the tabloids were lies –“ Sherlock said, neglecting to mention, once again, that John hadn’t known about Mary’s past at the time, that he was hardly to blame for – marrying a nurse who had helped him, who had been good to him.
Molly and him had kept seeing each other for coffee almost every day, they met at Baker Street when they visited Sherlock and John during their convalescence and he drove her home, making small talk, commenting on Sherlock and John’s progresses, watching their world reshape itself after the events started on New Year’s day. Molly and he had been stuck in that sort of bubble, unable to step backward or forward with their relationship, whichever it was: more than friends, but less than lovers.
That was the third time in her life that she begged. She had begged a God she didn’t believe in to let her find Alex alive, and Mr. Neal, twice: the first time to let her have the job, the specific task of distracting the Holmes brothers and now – she was asking him to keep another promise, one he had made almost  a year before.
not to pay attention to such things. He couldn’t say he particularly cared about that woman or her reasons for helping him – or Sherlock Holmes. She
Sherlock sighed in annoyance at his words, but that too was a show -- because it was clear, even to him,  that Sherlock didn’t particularly want to divulge what he had deduced so far.
It was not about revenge, it was not about John. It was about him: who he used to be, who Mary had turned him into – who he wanted to be. Who he needed to be.
He had not expected that Sherlock would want to attend William and Joan’s wedding. He had thought he would find some excuse, or just tell William that weddings weren’t his area. Sherlock, however, had accepted the invitation, his only remark had been, “Please, don’t let me wear that
Perhaps, Sherlock had already deduced everything – once the initial shock had worn off. He was a doctor, he was a soldier – and the video had fooled him. Sherlock had been fooled as well – but he had had doubts, hadn’t he? Or he would not have asked for Anderson and Molly to look at the video again.
Drake nodded his head. He had no doubts that the man could lose their tail if he wanted to, but that was not going to happen. He was playing bait for a reason, after all.
He had gone over the events of that night a lot of times, especially for the past few weeks. The truth was that even if Mary’s husband had intervened sooner, the plan wouldn’t have changed.
He noticed that Mary had not made many changes since the last time he had visited. The only things missing were some of John’s belongings – some of the books and objects she had not brought to Baker Street when she had packed his bags. The objects were there, in the same exact places they had occupied when he had lived there. John had never even mentioned those objects or had expressed any desire to retrieve them.
“It is.” Sherlock said, “although I wonder – would it make any difference to you if I told you that I do want to have –“ he stopped talking and then said, “I do want to make love to you. I have wanted for years?”
He nodded. They were right: shooting Sherlock would have been definitely less painful – than what had been done to him, he realised: play with his heart, hurting him physically and then watch him play.
And John was suddenly very afraid – because he knew that tone of voice: it held finality, steel, determination – he had spoken with the same tone of voice to Herman Bennett, right before everything went to hell.
Was he supposed to do or say more? Was he supposed to tell her that he regretted his actions? He did, but it would serve no purpose.
Sherlock had avoided looking at him; they were both scientists, they both knew the effect of oxygen deprivation on human body – and John looked  almost defeated when he looked at him.
“Sherlock,” Mycroft continued, and mimicking his gestures of a few minutes before Mycroft invaded his personal space, his voice dropped when he said, “you know as much as I do that no
He had been assured there were no bombs on the premises; there weren’t toxic gases or traps of any kind. He realised his presence was not only not required, but potentially detrimental to the mission.
He could see John through the broken mirror: he was pale. John was scared for him. He oughtn't to be, though. He was fine. He would not inflict damage to his hand. He would not (go to pieces again) do anything stupid. John needed to know, though. He needed to know how much he was not a good man. He needed to understand. That was why he had told him about what he had told Moriarty that day.
They were just words. He wasn’t dead: he could feel his own skin, the blood flowing into his veins, his heart beating, he distinctly heard the noise of the door being open, he knew there were at least three people who had observed what had taken place inside that room, he knew the cameras had been turned off, he knew the room had been cleaned just a few hours earlier, with bleach and a lemon scented detergent.
“No, but someone you hold dear just went through a traumatic experience. This is bound to have consequences on you. You might feel anger, fear – and those feelings are not going to go away on their own, Doctor Watson.”
They hadn't touched him so far and he had no idea whether they were there watching him or if he was alone. He couldn’t say – and that was the scariest thing.
She was at the door when she stopped and looking at him said, "What happened to the mirror in the bathroom?"
The fact that Sherlock seemed completely oblivious of what was going on would have worried Mycroft Holmes generally. He was worried, but Sherlock’s blindness as far as John Watson was concerned, his absolute, implicit trust in his partner, was perhaps the best asset he currently had.
“Oh, Mr. Neal – we both know how this will play out one way or another,” Mary said. She was smiling, “just keep your promise, please!”
And of course, he remembered that speech – and the waltz Sherlock had composed for John and Mary – and he knew how painful unrequited love could be, how confusing, how weakening, especially for – someone like the consulting detective: emotionally closed off, a dick and – a genius all rolled into one.
It was the truth; he wouldn't have allowed Sherlock anywhere near a crime scene if he had thought he was. John touched the stains of blood with his fingertips and said, "He won't be alone. Not this time." John said and Greg doubted John was aware he had said those words aloud.
It was as clear as day that John Watson was hiding something. Even if he hadn’t had access to the data from his mobile phone, even if he hadn’t known about the text he had received roughly around the same time the vehicle transporting Mary Morstan to a government facility had been ambushed, it would have taken but a look to know that the blonde man was hiding something.
, she had seen John failing miserably at pretending he still loved her, she had barely poked the bear and he had let out his anger, while Sherlock could only
And he could see their future, now. He could see their future if he let him do what he wanted to do: put the mask back on, covering the scars and the hurt and the pain and he knew they would still solve cases together, still be codependent tossers who hurt each other and always came back for more, like a bloody ouroboros or dogs chasing their own tails.
She had let him glimpse that happiness before when she had come to Baker Street – and it had not made sense to him, it had defied logic at the time – how blind he had been.
Sherlock cocked an eyebrow at him, "Did you?" He asked, and if he didn’t know Sherlock so well, he would say that there was a hint of teasing
“Are you aware of all the risks?” He asked. And he knew he did not need to elaborate on his words. He didn’t need to make any sort of threat.
His work was the only thing that mattered. Whether it was tasks assigned by his brother or solving crimes for the police, Sherlock had found something that gave him some sort of
John smiled back – and for a moment he was tempted to let it all slide and he knew that, despite everything he had said Sherlock would let him. Sherlock loved him
After the words – after that moment, what it felt like ages ago, where he had almost kissed him and then sent him away because – because of Mary and Rosie and all the bloody baggage they both carried. And he had left, he had lied and cheated and pretended and deceived – and he had hurt Sherlock, part of him rejoicing at the sight because –
Whenever he had tried to close his eyes he had kept seeing Sherlock pressing a gun to his chin, counting down to ten.
John said in a low voice, he wasn’t even sure Mary had heard him at first and didn’t checked to see if she was looking at him or she was even there when he added, “It’s mine.”
480 minutes, every single moment of them, every sound, smell, image, each and every wound, every cut, all the pain – and there
Mary did not answer him, not right away. He saw her masking the flash of pain in her eyes as she squatted down, near the man she had killed and took a gun and a tablet from his jacket and extracted the knife from the man’s chest: quick, precise movements, she even cleaned the blade on the man’s shirt before tucking the knife back in the waistband of her trousers.
He had spent days wondering why they had kidnapped Joan, why they had chosen them. He had never met Mycroft or Sherlock Holmes before Joan had been taken. He had checked his notes, his passport, he had traced back each and every step he had taken, every mission he had been part of for the five years before he retired and he was positive he had never met none of the people he knew were involved in what had happened to Sherlock and Joan.
Speaking of cars, their vehicle had been damaged, they were getting a new car, not that it would make any difference if they wanted to make another attempt at their lives.
Jim Moriarty had been obsessed with him – he had been a shadow of what he himself might have been, but there had always been a certain elegance and respect in everything he had done. He would have not condoned what Herman Bennett had done to him, he would and had acted differently.
And John tried not to feel hurt, he really did. He tried to rationalize that what it mattered was that Sherlock was alive and that he had found Joan Adams before the deadline. But – it hurt. Sherlock had played the game or, as Bennett had said, he had entered war.
“You will be all right.” He had said. The underground garage was safe, Greg had known how many men were there, but it had hardly mattered. Molly had nodded, she had still been too pale and still determined to prove that she was not a coward.
She had appeared in London, bought her identity and built it, brick by brick, years before he had faked his suicide.
“Sorry, stupid question,” He added with a sigh, “I have no idea about what happened to him, I don’t even know why he was being held – I retired shortly after.”
He did not turn. He felt like a ghost. He felt naked – and dear Lord, why did John kept doing the exact opposite of what he expected him to do?
The wallpaper was peeling off, all the wedding planning (he had taken it down, tore the sheets of paper, crumbled them, crushed them under his feet) was bubbling up, it was
Agent Harris must know that too, he deduced it in his stance as he was at his side while he stopped in front of the lockers and took one of the set of keys from his pocket.
Sherlock had chuckled at his words (gritting his teeth in pain immediately after, because yeah – chuckling and having good moments came with a price, that was why he was scared of those embers of happiness..) and had said, "John, have you met us? Besides, there is not much to talk about!"
He wasn’t sure he would have cared in any circumstance. Perhaps what he felt for John was actually making him more sympathetic than he would have otherwise been.
The noise stopped, abruptly and he was shaking, his heart beating hard and fast in chest and he nodded at Mary’s words.
--- it felt like he hadn't been home for so long, possibly since the night Lestrade had come to Baker Street to arrest him. John wasn't talking and Sherlock waited, he would wait for how long it would take. He had thought he would never even have that: them, sitting in a car, together, John not wearing his wedding ring, the air filled with sentiment and his heart truly beating in his chest.
Photographers were snapping pictures (and John would keep one of them, a newspaper clipping, in a drawer of his desk) and everything was finally, finally real. There wasn’t the ghost of blood on the pavement, of the lack of pulse on Sherlock’s wrist.
No one, except for the Russian man who had threatened to let him watch while he skinned his girlfriend alive. He had not considered him a serious threat because he had only asked him his name and routine questions before the man finally started to speak in Russian and threatened to skin his pretty girlfriend alive.
"Who am I?" Sherlock asked, and in other moments he would frankly despise the uncertain tone of his voice: so filled with hope and
She walked behind Sherlock, she knew that they would not shoot, they would not try and harm Mycroft Holmes’ brother and she was pretty sure that they had their orders about her too.
Oh, sure, Sherlock had told him about the three bullets destined to Greg, Mrs. Hudson and him, but he had not truly got the implications until he had seen how easy it was for Sherlock to put other people’s lives above his own.
He had seen Sherlock walking into the fire to free him (and somehow it hadn’t been surprising that Mary had stayed back, that it had been Sherlock to free him, to save him, to bring him back). William Moore, a former MI5 or MI6 operative had stopped defending himself and his fiancée when they had started to break her fingers.
It felt like – electricity, like a thunderstorm, like a chase through London with adrenaline making his blood pump in his veins and John, didn’t, couldn’t remember when he had last felt so alive.
Victor kissed him and Sherlock was taken aback by the relief and the hints of disappointment he could taste and feel in the other man.
He did not want to speak. He did not want to hear her voice, he did not want to know what she clearly wanted to say – he wanted to free Sherlock and find his daughter.
He was on the threshold, right outside – that was the room Sherlock and John shared, and he had known his brother would not accept John’s choice, his sacrifice and his role in it.
“So, I guess they’ll both die, after all,” Mary said, the tone of her voice casual as if she was talking about the weather.
He looked and sounded more himself than he had for a very long time and it was not an act, it was not a front for Mary’s benefit. He had had good moments – since the hospital and he had seen them all, he had also witnessed how fleeting they could be, he had seen Sherlock trying with everything he was to grasp whom he really was, and he had seen him fail – he had sounded fine on the way back to Baker Street, but he realised, now, that it had been just a reprieve.
He took a moment to look around, noticing that the room had been built so that it was impossible, or nearly so, to identify where it was located. There were neons hanging from the ceiling, which made Joan look even paler than she was. The room smelled of plastic, blood and sweat. He could feel panic, for some reason, closing in on him.
Not Moriarty’s henchmen, not the people he had hunted down for two years, then – but Moriarty’s presence was still there. He supposed
“Did I fail?” Sherlock asked looking at him. For a moment his brother looked at him like he used to when they were kids and Sherlock thought he could do no wrong, that he had all the answers.
The last picture was different, though. It was an old picture; he had always hated having pictures taken, even when  he was younger, but he had made an exception in that instance.
He felt like he had spent ages abroad and on an airplane. He was on the same tarmac from which he had departed. The last sleep he had got had been in that motel room, in Virginia, while Irene Adler kept working, he had not even kipped on the way back to London.
"Yeah. Bit shaken, though." Greg said with a grimace. There was anger as well in his voice, now. And he could relate to that.
He wanted to survive. He wanted to get his life back, however, changed and shaped by the events of the past few years it was. He wanted to look at the person or people  behind the past few weeks’ events and see them destroyed, he wanted to be there when they died, he wanted to be the one who ended their lives.
They had killed Janine only to draw him out, to see if he would come. It was so clear, now. She had been bait. She had been
“He told me to go easy on you, Sherlock – because you’re his, you’ve always been his. Now be good and open up for me.”
Sherlock could only nod. Only later did he realise that when they walked, hand in hand, to his bedroom, John had held his right one, and not once Charles Augustus Magnussen had entered his thoughts.
John had written some of those things on his blog, but he had left the details that mattered to his notes and his journal – one he had not even been aware of, possibly because he had started it after he had faked his suicide – and they had not lived together up until a few weeks before and when it happened, when they were finally together, he had not – pried. He had had other things in his mind.
He had given some excuse, but on further thinking he had had to agree with him. Nonetheless, he wanted them gone. He wanted Moriarty’s name deleted from his skin.
” Sherlock said, and how could he defy the laws of physics and get even closer to him? There was no breathing space between them, he was acutely aware of the fact that Sherlock was basically naked, except for his pants, while he was completely dressed – and his throat was suddenly dry, with that knowledge.
He was in one of the cars, with Drake (he still didn’t know his first name) and another agent. None of them was saying it aloud, but there was the possibility that the reason why Mary had given them that clue in that video and that it had been relatively easy to retrieve the information they needed was because they might find just the bodies of Sherlock and John.
Mary knew. Mary did not want or care for platitudes; they would not change the facts and whatever he chose to say might set her off – and she didn’t want that, or she would have already killed John.
“He wasn’t going to sell you out – “She continued. That was another truth. Alex had been everything but stupid: having the British government owe him would have been insurance. He must have considered the options, he must have thought the offer he had got (and she had not found out what it was, and not for lack of trying) was worth the risk, but he had not told her: why?
They talked about Baker Street; apparently, Sherlock had a trust fund, which explained how he could afford living alone in central London but did not explain why he had needed a flatmate in the first place.
Just like someone had watched when Sherlock had been brought to the hospital and John didn’t remember Sherlock holding on his coat’s sleeve with his fingers.
He had tried to protect him. He had tried to shield him because unlike him Mycroft didn’t remember ever being innocent, ever believing in fairy tales and dragons and dramatic things like his brother did.
So he had a stack of files to read -  the fascinating tale of John Watson and Mary Morstan’s whirlwind romance, her movements for the past twenty-four months, every scrap of information that had been collected about her.
The truth was that the list of enemies who had personal reasons to want him dead was unsurprisingly long,  but the personal element was clearly just a means to an end.
If John had looked at one particular photograph, he would have seen a man sitting on a couch, his elbows on his knees, a bare wall behind him. He would have recognized, perhaps, that the man in the photograph, Sherlock, had been still wearing that god awful suit they had chosen for his nuptials.
Greg gestured at one of the few officers who was still on the scene (wondering, as it had become habitual, whether he could be trusted, deciding to gloss over the fact that he didn't know. He wasn't sure he could trust anyone at that point.) to bring the box to them.
Visiting Herman Bennett’s cell had been a colossal waste of time. There was nothing in there, but Mycroft had already known that,
The answers, though, would not change the present: the fact, for example, that she had looked like a woman sure to win that hand of the game.
“Because he couldn’t stand to see her in pain. Any kind of pain. That is why he left his job." Sherlock said, and his voice had been too soft as he said those words, almost as if he was talking to himself.
“I’m fine.” Sherlock said. He had said that more than once, but John wouldn’t believe it until he checked with his own eyes.
They had known it could happen. They had known that sooner or later AGRA’s past was going to be dissected; Mary's main cover identity was perfect, it had already been when they had met, she had made sure it was long before her husband had been killed.
"I trust his motivations," Sherlock said. And his words  had been clipped, the tone of his voice curt, in contrast with how he had sounded mere seconds before.
“So, which is going to be, Sherlock?” Bennett’s voice was filled with amusement. He licked his lips as he watched Sherlock in front of him.
And all of sudden, he couldn’t bear to be touched by Mary. She had shot Sherlock, he had a round, puckered scar in his chest to prove it. She had shot him, probably looking at him in the eyes, without a ounce of remorse. She had hugged him, in that very hospital, just a few hours after she had
When he looked around, though, Mary had already left and John knew – felt, that she knew, that she considered her score with Sherlock settled, but matters with him were far from solved.
He didn't need John to say the words, to specify. It was clear in his eyes when the doctor looked at him; it was clear in his voice when he said, "thank you, Greg. For everything."
And the craziest thing was – that Sherlock and Mary were looking at each other, perfect understanding passing between them, despite everything.
They were prepared for bombs, for any number of tricks;  it was a small team, driving in unmarked helicopters and cars,  and a van who had been sent to the site the moment they had got the address; when Sherlock had been taken by Herman Bennett Mycroft Holmes had not been part of the rescue team. He had overseen things, but he had stayed away from action. Not that time, apparently.
Part of his life was, twice at week, sitting on that brown chair and talk to a psychiatrist, and it was marginally better than he had expected.
“It means what she said.” Sherlock said and John wished he could believe him. He really could, but he knew that Sherlock was an excellent liar when he wanted to – and Mary, well, she was the best bloody liar in London, better than Sherlock. He could only try and coax some truths out of Sherlock by telling him what he thought.
Sherlock would not forgive him, he would give him yet another reason to resent him, perhaps to hate him, but Mycroft could not afford the luxury to care about it.
They had gone back home – both of them weak, with Mrs. Hudson glad to finally be allowed to be home fussing over them, Molly and Lestrade paying daily visits to them and piles of pills on both their nighttables.
He was still smiling – and he had no idea, none whatsoever, about what he had deduced, what he had seen – whether he had a plan or not.
Nonetheless, Sherlock’s words, what he had just said hurt and she was surprised that it did; she had imagined that moment so many times, in so many ways, she had imagined it would be painful, but she had not known how much. She had – miscalculated. Mr Neal probably had expected that, but he surely was not concerned; that was her reward, she could do whatever she wanted with it.
"I'm sure you do. The point is, Sherlock: what are you going to do?" Mycroft asked. And to a casual observer he might appear bored by that conversation, but Sherlock heard the concern in his brother's voice, he read it in the set of his shoulders.
“Sometimes a deception is so audacious, so outrageous that you can't see it even when it's staring you in the face.” Sherlock mumbled.
? Because he had destroyed Moriarty’s web? Or because having his life taken away from him, bit by bit, would make him weaker, blind and
She had chosen her outfit carefully; that was the first thing Sherlock noticed about Mary when she entered the flat: she was still wearing that hideous red coat, but the jumper underneath and the trousers had been chosen with extreme care, the clothes were meant to highlight the fact that she was a pregnant lady, but at the same time that she was
Inevitable: like the fact that he would have to sit in front of the man who had tortured Sherlock and listen to what the man had to say. Not for Janine, not for Victor Trevor
He had been grateful for the broken mirror in the bathroom while his hands couldn't stop shaking and breathing had become nearly impossible, the air refusing to enter his lungs and he could taste his own heartbeat  And bile on his tongue.
At the time he had thought it would be over soon, that he would simply lead Lestrade and his men to Mr. Bennett’s primary bolt hole, the one where he had tortured and killed his victims. Even after he had frozen when the green-eyed man had said the exact same words Jim Moriarty had said on Bart’s rooftop,  he had still believed that things would go smoothly. He had forgotten that he had smashed his hand against the mirror in his bathroom, how he had spent the night staring at the ceiling, after. He had forgotten how he had underestimated Magnussen and how dearly it had cost him.
For a moment he was curious to know the man’s name, he had deduced everything else about the man, but he did not ask. It didn’t truly matter. He would have to ask John. John talked to those men, John – was the kind of man who cared.
“I ordered to have another autopsy performed on the guard’s body –“ Mycroft said and Sherlock breathed through the pain.
Sherlock had pushed him away, he had hurt Sherlock – he had seen him die twice, he had almost lost him, but in the end, it could not have been any different. It was raining, and it was dark and Sherlock was kissing him – licking at the seam of his lips, desperately seeking entrance – and John was only too happy to oblige, he was Sherlock’s, he had always been.
John had felt relieved, still raw (and oddly clean too, freer than he had felt for a long while) from -well, from sobbing like a child in Sherlock's bedroom, to face the man.
"He keeps his word." He said. Sherlock Holmes didn't make promises unless he was sure he could keep them. Sherlock had gone to Bennett's house first, and then to the facility after promising a man he didn't even know that he would save his fiancee. And he had. Joan was wearing Sherlock's coat, she was hurt, but she was alive. Sherlock Holmes didn't believe that heroes existed, but he was a bloody good one when he wanted to.
Sherlock didn't wait for his reply, he blinked his eyes and slowly went to the bathroom, closing the door behind him. John closed his eyes, ignoring the uneasiness he felt knowing that Sherlock was in that room. He couldn't help it.
“As you are aware I used to have black outs, but I do remember following him, I do remember being in the car, then walking with him, getting into the house, walking down the stairs. My memory of that day is spotless.” He said.
“Hey –“ He said, not caring about how hoarse his voice sounded, going against what he had just thought. He had not realised he had shouted himself hoarse before, he had not heard himself – and he did not care.
are in love with me.” John said, not even caring about how strongly Sherlock was gripping his wrist now.
Incredibly enough Drake was smiling and for a moment he could not help but doing the same, but it only lasted for a moment, then they saw the car parked sideways blocking the road.
"I'm afraid that's all I have at the moment.” Mr. Neal replied. He didn’t look annoyed at her words; she had had bosses and partners who didn’t like their authority being questioned in any way; come to think of it, it wasn’t something she hadn’t been particularly fond of either.
There was a moment of silence, and it was comfortable, amiable, so much that when John talked, Greg started.
Sherlock narrowed his eyes and Greg hoped to be subjected to a tongue lashing, it would be better than the soft tones and the emptiness he had seen in Sherlock. It made him think of those brief moments of silence right before an explosion. It scared him (and he didn't even want to contemplate the alternative: that it wasn't a prelude to an explosion but the results of an implosion. No. That would not, could not happen!)
An update - real life has been hectic, as usual. Hope you all enjoy the new chapter. I want to thank, once again, those who are sticking with the story and is showing patience with the irregular updates. Thank you:)
He could hear the physical pain in his voice and fuck, he hated how well he knew that tone of voice, now. He hated that even now, he was failing him and Sherlock was trying to protect him.
She was sincere, but she was also mocking John – mocking his love for him, the grief he must have felt after he had faked his suicide. And her words also explained how those people had known all the things that only John and he had been privy of – the things that had made him doubt, deep down, whether Moriarty was truly dead.
The American man he had talked to the phone was the mind, but Mary – she was the heart of the scheme.
Sherlock’s lips were far too pale a detached part of herself noticed; his pupils were dilated, but there was also a steely resolve in his eyes.
Drake’s smile disappeared, “He knew it was a trap, I had been informed it was not the first time either. This reminds me of that day.”
«I am aware of what Sally Donovan may have told you throughout our – acquaintance. You told me once that she said that I got off on crime scenes – or crimes or, possibly, in her opinion, death or dead people. I don’t know, I stopped listening to her inane words a long time ago.
He heard a noise, the man sighing, his voice was warm, soft when he said, “Please, Mr. Holmes, take the second pill.”
The only good thing coming from the past hour or so was that seeing Herman Bennett, watching him die, had taken some of that peculiar lack of any feeling and thoughts away. He had moved, he had seen the way Mr. Bennett had moved his mouth, he had heard how he had clucked his tongue and he had known that he would poison himself. It had been obvious, really. He would learn, later, that they had searched the man’s body and teeth for poison and they had found a capsule of cyanide. They hadn’t seen the other, apparently.
“Magnussen had got it all wrong, you know?” John said. Mycroft cocked his head on a side, silently inviting him to elaborate. “He thought Mary was my pressure point, but he was wrong. It’s Sherlock. It’s always been Sherlock. And yes, Mary knows. I think deep down she has always known.”
One of the men, the one with a thick silver ring on his right middle finger was keeping his head down in the large bucket, pulling his hair.
And he was not Sherlock Holmes. He would not sit in front of Herman Bennett and talk to him. Oh, no! He wanted Bennett to fucking
"Because there was some kind of code Bennett told him during their meeting. He had to do it alone or Joan would die...and you'd be in danger."
Sherlock’s reply had almost been what he had expected from him: he had asked not to touch anything, not to contaminate the integrity of the scene.
He exchanged a glance with agents Drake and Harris who nodded their greetings. He hadn’t seen the two men since the day after Joan Adams had been rescued, when he had gone to Baker Street to wrap up some paperwork, but they were in constant touch, they were good men, even if Harris looked like Jason Statham's long lost twin and Drake like he had fought (and won) a couple of wars.
“You might be interested to know that we do have some leads about the person who is behind these events.” He said.
It would take Sherlock to see Victor Trevor again, while John did the stupidest thing he had ever done, to understand that Victor, that day, had wanted him to say
He fought the impulse of struggling against the handcuffs, it would be utterly pointless and his daughter’s life depended on him. There was no one else.
John was there, he could feel the man looking at him, and there was something – wrong, it felt like the first seconds in Magnussen’s bedroom, when the woman in black had turned and he had seen Mary.
John, though, could see that Sherlock was really making an effort – he was trying to be forthcoming, as much as his nature and decades of repression allowed him to be, he was trying to (get better, be strong, be Sherlock Holmes) move on and start their life together.
“End of the month. I am not ecstatic at the idea of going back to the hospital, but you know what I think of those scars.” He replied.
She was looking at him and he could see that it wouldn’t be long until her own pain would become too hard to bear even for her.
Mycroft tilted his head on a side, “I thought  that was what you excelled at.” He said. He took a step closer to him and said, “Let’s make sure you will keep doing so.”
He could feel blood draining from his face, his heart heavy in his chest, burning at Sherlock's words. Sherlock couldn't seriously believe that – the fact that he was going to meet the bastard, was proof enough that
And  Mycroft had – expected all of that. He had warned him, with brief, cruel words.  And if he hadn’t seen, with his own eyes, if he hadn’t felt how much what had been done to Sherlock for the past few weeks had hurt Mycroft, to the core, he would have been tempted to think that he was the one behind everything.
“Where is my daughter?” John asked. He had to focus on his baby girl – he could not allow those tendrils of panic to bloom. He was a soldier – he had been through worse.
They hadn’t said he couldn’t touch Herman Bennett. They had only said that he had to sit there. And he had.
“I – won’t be a moment.” John said, crouching to take the sponge from the floor (he hadn’t even noticed he had dropped it).
He was not surprised he knew. He would have been worried if he had not inferred that the two men were working together.
“Am I allowed to be part of your plan, Mycroft? Will you be completely forthcoming? Tell me, how sure are you that John won’t be executed like Mary was?”
He didn’t know, couldn’t imagine that Mycroft Holmes had learned Serbian, infiltrated and climbed the ranks of a criminal ring in order to bring his brother back home. He wouldn’t have been surprised anyway if he had known. It was personal for Mycroft Holmes, but it was also about someone who had played a game for years, infiltrated secret services, police, hacked servers and, above all, had played him for a fool.
He could see it in John’s eyes: the blame, the accusation, the anger, the recriminations. John didn’t need to remind him of all the times that he had lied to him, deceived him either to protect him or because it was his nature because he was not a good man. It was written in every crease of John’s face, in his eyes, whose color had got darker.
He did not sound worried, but then again why should he be? That was just a job for him, he might be too empathetic for his own good, but he would have another assignment after that, his life was not at stake, nor were the people he loved in any danger.
Mary looked up at the man. She wasn’t the woman he had met in that restaurant, she wasn’t the woman who had shot him in Magnussen’s bedroom or even the woman who had come to Baker Street, looking happy, proposing a deal.
He had found out mere seconds after meeting her that she was immune to all his tactics, to his charm – she was
She clearly wanted to object; after all - it was her job to make sure that no harm would come to him.
The man nodded, a hint of a smile playing on his face, “Oh, yes. I have been asked to cooperate with you, John.”
Sherlock knew that his words would serve no purpose whatsoever, because Moore was a grown man, apparently unfazed by physical pain (or, if he want to be maudlin, he could speculate that he was numb with fear and grief. He remembered that feeling only too well, after all.)
what he had expected! Sherlock hated to point out what “normal people” (or idiots, when he was less kind) could easily infer, what even the greenest forensics team members could establish right away. He had expected Sherlock to give him more details, but on second thought perhaps he shouldn’t have been surprised, considering who the victim was.
“No. I am not. We are not!” John replied and Sherlock needed to see him, he needed to do more than hearing his voice – he could deduce things: his voice was hoarse, therefore he must have screamed (why? He did not sound like he was in any sort of physical pain), that he too, had still drugs in his system, that he was angry, but he
"I am not in that basement any longer, John. We are here. We are home. I have already wasted enough time with Herman Bennett and his puerile attempts at games." Sherlock said softly.
Sherlock still wasn't touching Janine, Greg still couldn't see a hint of grief for the woman's death, but he wasn't surprised. He had expected that reaction from Sherlock. That didn’t mean that, in his own way, Sherlock didn’t care about what had happened to the woman.
The bathroom had been dipped in the dark that night, that much he remembered, he had forgotten to turn on the lights as it sometimes happened and his mind had been unforgiving: there had been fireworks red with blood and faces, wounds, deaths clogging up everything inside of him and the next thing he was truly aware of was the sharp pain in his hand (back and palm, knuckles and the pads of his fingers).
“Just – another game, another –“ Lestrade drew a breath between clenched teeth and hissed, “fucking game!”
“It’s not what you think!” Sherlock said sharply, marvelling he added, “But I’d rather you did not do
He had to refrain from rolling his eyes when Harris took a step forward and insisted on opening the locker. How he could still not see that they would not harm him? Not at that stage?
He had been threatened before -- he had been physically harmed, he had seen innocent people die, good agents, friends being sacrificed for the greater good, but the minute that piece of scum had threatened Joan - not directly, it had been just an idle threat, almost a cliché, William had felt ice seeping through his veins. He understood that it didn't matter whether he would be sitting behind a desk because Joan would never be safe, that not only was she his pressure point -- but that he would not hesitate a moment in putting her before everything -- which put her even more at risk.
“I want to talk to him, get me a damn phone, right now!” She said. She didn’t need to raise her voice. Raising her voice would only highlight her fear and that would not be
To be someone who had fucked with their lives for the past few years, Mary looked decidedly detached from what was going on. She was the woman he had married, the woman he had slept with, worked with, lived with – and he had no idea about what she was thinking, what she had in mind.
He exchanged a long glance with William Moore, the former MI6 agent nodded his head and left the room and John wanted to sit down, he wanted to punch Sherlock for, once again, not telling him things, for going on his own and putting himself at risk.
Mycroft had used a ridiculous excuse to be alone with John – because his brother, unlike him, in that moment, had no troubles observing things. Sherlock might know that John was hiding something from him, but Mycroft probably knew for certain. He probably knew, what exactly John was hiding from him and why. He would formulate a plan, a strategy and he could not allow that happen.
Fuck. He knew him. He was again in an interrogation room, one where he wasn’t even supposed to be, while a blonde man threatened Joan. Not by name – not directly, it had been almost a textbook threat, one of the oldest tricks in the world – except that it had worked that time because, unlike in the past, because he truly had had someone to lose.
He had walked away – and it was raining and he was not home, at Baker Street, where they belonged, where they were supposed to be. And he had not stopped him – why?
After everything that had happened. And Sherlock was angry, now. He felt like he was accepting his presence more like penance and yet another act of self-flagellation rather than actually wanting him in his life.
There was more, though. Mycroft was hiding something – and John – John hadn’t even looked at the video – not really. He had stood close to him, and Sherlock supposed that he should be the one trying to comfort John, trying to be close to him, to reassure him – wasn’t that what partners were supposed to do?
“You didn’t forgive him –“ It was Mary’s voice. He still heard her from time to time, but then again he had kept hearing and seeing Sherlock fucking everywhere for almost a year after –
And then bullets started firing, all around them – and he knew, he knew why he was there.  He had been the first one to get into the small, soundproof room where Sherlock had been held. He had shot Herman Bennett, he had unchained Sherlock. He would get inside that house if it was the last thing he did.
“You play the violin when you are thinking, you don’t talk for days on end, you sulk, you are a terrible slob, you don’t know a thing about the solar system, but you love Shakespeare, you throw tantrums when the fridge is empty and make excellent tea. I love you – and I want to come back home.”
He had already made his choice and it was the only one he could make. Sherlock had said once that he wasn’t willing to ever live in a world without him in it. He had asked him whether he thought that he could live without him. He couldn’t. He had tried it once and it had nearly killed him. He knew all of that was a trap. He had known since he had read the text. He knew that there was a high chance he would die –  he knew they wanted to use him to hurt Sherlock,  but he had to do something – if there was one chance, even the smallest one that it could save his daughter and Sherlock he had to take it.
Sherlock rolled his eyes, but then he said, setting aside the subject of their relationship (and Mycroft’s nosiness), “I sincerely doubt that he took you outside to talk about this. About
They had hurt him, weakened him, used him in every way they could and he had allowed it to happen, and now they were using John - to get him,  to complete what they had started with Herman Bennett.
Was he lying? Sherlock didn’t care one way or another about the victims. He had kept repeating that for days, he hadn’t even wanted to meet Alyce Bradford or her parents. But – his voice sounded earnest, as if he was really sorry about what that man was going through. He hadn’t even commented on the fact that Moore had stopped fighting when the four kidnappers had broken her fianceé fingers.
“We were close, it was a long time ago,” Sherlock said, and John saw that Sherlock had followed his gaze, he probably knew what he had been thinking. What he had been worried about. He was choosing his words very carefully. And he knew he should probably let it slide, that they should postpone that conversation, but his words were out of his mouth before he could stop himself: “were you together?”
William and Joan however, were not Mary and him: they were in love, there were no shadows between them or secrets, just love.
“Miss Adams.” John said, crouching in front of the woman. The paramedics were behind him, waiting for his instructions. He was focusing on the woman, who was clearly in shock (which was good, in a way, at least she couldn’t feel pain, yet.). “I’m doctor Watson, the ambulance is right outside. We are going to take care of you.” The woman looked at him, blinking her eyes, trying to focus on the words he had just said.
and it was what he needed: grunts, the sounds of skin slapping against skin, the burning, the fullness, the white sparks of pleasure when the man hit his prostate, the man's hands gripping his hips, his own cheek pressed against the white tiles.
Or, at least, they were supposed to avoid him being taken and – well,  there wasn’t really an elegant way to put it, was there? If he had followed those stupid, dull rules, he wouldn’t be in an old apartment of a decrepit house being
Not good enough. There had to be more. She had repaid her debt when she had helped uncovering part of Mary’s past. Sherlock himself would have considered them even, he was sure.
Funny, she couldn’t hear a single thing and yet she knew there were people outside; if she turned she was sure she might see Mycroft’s men and she knew, without an ounce of doubt, that they were all pointing their weapons at her – and she knew how those sorts of operations went, which weapons were used and what the protocols were.
That was the house where they had likely kept Victor Trevor and chopped his fingers off, according to the information they had; it was isolated, he had read Trevor’s statement about not hearing any noise and not being able to look out the windows and it added up: he could see that the windows were all tainted.
And John kissed him back, his hands on Sherlock’s biceps craning his neck and sighing in his partner’s (love of his life, almost lover, center of his life) mouth.
He knew Sherlock was aware of that, he knew he was testing the man’s patience with his stare and that he would say something – possibly something hurtful, scathing to stop him. But as the seconds tickled, Sherlock didn’t talk, didn’t look at him, he kept staring at that fucking wall and John wanted – needed Sherlock to do something, anything –
. He couldn’t, though, not really, because there was something inside that box that he had to see because Molly Hooper, who had people protecting her, had called and Lestrade was
He knew that nothing would show on his face and in his body language, he knew that it had been not even a second where he must have blinked as he relived what had happened. As if the nightmares and the scars weren’t enough.
“We needed to know more about her,” Sherlock said, replying to Mycroft’s words, even though it was the last thing he wanted or cared about.
John looked at Mycroft; he was smiling his best obnoxious smile, the one that usually tempted John into decking him. He had always refrained from acting on that impulse, until that moment.
John felt bile rising in his throat. He didn’t move. He couldn’t. He needed those bloody numbers, he needed to see what was inside that small box, he had to do as he had been asked. He wondered whether Sherlock was keeping his right hand closed in a fist while looking at them and hearing those words. He wondered whether Sherlock was seeing what was really going on.
He cocked an eyebrow at his assistant’s words. He gestured at him to hand him the tablet and the man complied.
It was the first time since his stay at the hospital that they broached the subject. There hadn’t been time after – there had been too many things to deal with – and there was no time, now. There was no point in talking about what happened.
he was sorry because he had felt John's phantom touch on his skin and it had been devastating, and what John must have felt must have been hell.
Sherlock frowned, “It will always be, John. It would have been, regardless of – ” He trailed and John saw that he was looking for the right words and he felt a little smile tugging at his lips, which faded when Sherlock said, “Our current predicament, whatever it is.”
angry -- but he had a pretty good idea of what he was capable of. Or, at least, he had thought he did until that day.
Sherlock hated that part of what now passed for his daily routine: sitting in a car with Mycroft (and sometimes Anthea), going over each and every detail of his two years away from London.
For a moment all Sherlock could see was Lestrade getting into that room, in the basement; he was the first one who entered the room. He remembered, more clearly than he had for weeks, the look in the man’s eyes as he shot Herman Bennett, how he had unchained him, without saying a word, keeping his eyes fixed on his face. He blinked his eyes and focused on the present, on that room, on the mobile phone he was holding in his hands.
It would either be the end of it all – or the beginning of a war. Either way, he was ready. They all were.
Right. There was a wedding party going on inside, people were dancing and the DJ had started with slow songs.
It was obviously an anaesthetic. The effect was temporary, he presumed, and in conjunction to the pills he had taken hours earlier he clearly had troubles moving, at least judging by the awkward angle of his legs on the floor.
"They made it one when the late Jim Moriarty's face appeared on every screen in our country." Mycroft had replied and that had been the end of it as far as his brother was concerned.
"It's hard for me to say the words...." John started and when Sherlock opened his mouth to talk, he tilted a finger up, silencing him before he could speak. "You were dead -- and she made me feel like I hadn't died with you. She made it bearable."
“I – I think I get it, now. You know? I was so mad at him, even the last time, but I get it, now.” John said.
He had known Lestrade for a long time, he didn’t remember ever hearing him lose control. It was a quality he had always appreciated in the man but, apparently, he wasn’t immune to anger and irrationality either.
“After I read the results I thought about – what happened before we went to that room.” Sherlock said.
"I heard William Moore paid you a visit earlier," Mycroft said, changing the subject. He would ask again about Chicago, before the end of their meeting, and Sherlock wasn't glad for that chance of subject because he knew where that conversation would go.
That caught Sherlock’s attention, the man’s hands twitched and he minutely shrugged his shoulders. “What for?” He eventually said and he still wasn’t looking at him, and John knew – he knew Sherlock wanted to – needed to reassert the status quo, so he sighed and said, “You saved their daughter’s life.”
Sherlock had accepted to be injected with local pain killers. He had sprained muscles in his back and some stitches had torn, but there was nothing broken, no internal bleeding, no damage to tissues or organs. He had, simply put, pushed himself to his limits. John thought that it was just another item to add to the list of things he would never forgive himself for. The fact that Sherlock had not refused painkillers like he had done for the past weeks was like a punch to the gut to John. It meant that Sherlock believed the lie – he was the smartest, wisest man he had ever known and he believed a bloody lie.
“We did not know the extent of Mary Morstan’s involvement then, we know, now. That changes things.” The woman said.
And she fit perfectly in his arms, but he knew that – he had always known that. She tasted like wine and summer, and when her hands trailed through his hair he realized he had to be the luckiest sod alive.
to get that, does it? You are not here because you don’t wanna die. You are here because you hope you can spare them some pain.”
There were no signs of Mary Morstan, Sherlock Holmes, John Watson and the baby. The men captured weren’t talking and he couldn’t shake the feeling that they were running out of time, that Mary Morstan hadn’t played the game only to be beaten at the last moment.
Sherlock flinching away from him – at the weirdest moments, passion and lust like poison, so utterly human and desperate in Bennett’s bedroom, while Sherlock hurt his hand. Sherlock’s voice telling him what happened – in the darkness of their bedroom. Both of them dancing around words as if not saying the words made what happened less real.
The day before he had suggested William Moore's name mostly to keep him away from them, because given the choice whether to help them or Joan he would understandably choose the latter. Now he needed Moore to show whether he had indeed been as good as his brother had claimed he was.
That picture didn’t show how his chest had heaved as he tore down those sheets of paper, how his eyes had stung, how the silence had been worse than being held with his head underwater (and it was not hyperbole, he loathed figures of speech, the feeling was indeed comparatively worse than his head being kept down in a bucket of water), there had been no escape, no corner of his mind palace where he could find solace, respite. There had been just the sound of his breath and the rustling the sheets of paper.
. Like while he climbed down those steps that led to the basement. John was still hiding something from him. But what? Why?
She was in what was possibly the safest place in England: Mycroft Holmes’ bunker. Molly had had to sign a non disclosure agreement before stepping out of the car. Her protection detail had escorted her – and left her with Mycroft’s assistant.
Mary sighed and John thought that maybe that was going to be it; she was going to see right through him, throw the overnight bag on the pavement, possibly shooting him and that pointless charade would be over. For a moment he wanted Mary to do just that – to drop the pretense and be herself. Not surprisingly, she didn’t.
Sherlock nodded. He knew. The bastard knew. Had he deduced it right before he snuffed Alex out of existence and left him to rot to the side of the road? Or had he spared a thought about him
Sherlock was – family and he wasn’t sure he wanted to dwell on the implications of that statement. He wasn’t sure he deserved to know.
He sounded almost offended at the use of such a simple code and John thought that he shouldn’t feel almost dizzy with relief at hearing Sherlock being – well,
What he was not sure about was whether Mary herself had fed information to Magnussen or not.  Had she worked for him or had she used both of them?
John had his hands handcuffed behind his back, each movement could further the damage the bullet was doing, speed up the process, Mary was still holding her gun in her hand – and it was the end of the road. He could hear Mycroft’s men working, tearing down walls and so could Mary.
He didn’t say that it was never going to happen, he didn’t need to, it was clear in Mycroft’s posture, in the way he was looking at him, that he was thinking the same.
John suspected that he hadn’t cared, that he had indulged his brother, for once. But that had been before. Before he entered that office and knew. After that, all bets had been off. And it was his fault. All of it. Whatever happened or would happen to Sherlock and Joan Adams would be on him. Almost twelve hours. They were close to the deadline Bennett had given them.
Sherlock followed Lestrade outside – and yes, it had been him who had intervened, and yes, he had not heard him get into that room, he still wasn’t feeling a thing.
“Remember what we talked about.” John continued. There was urgency in his voice. There was fear, shame –
Oxygen deprivation was not an experience he was keen on repeating. It was not like being held underwater, but the oxygen levels in that space had been already low to begin with, something he had not paid a lot of attention to.
"Is dead, Mr. Bennett! And you should be grateful for that. He would have found creative ways to hurt you after what you did." Mycroft said.
It was one  of John's  rooms, he realised: it was warm,  cozy,  with a fire crackling  in the fireplace and the familiar noises of John moving in the kitchenette reaching him. He swallowed, hesitating for just a fraction of a second.
“You want to give pointers to someone who needs to improvise? These little things come in handy!” She said.
Two agents were flanking Sherlock telling him that Mycroft was waiting for him upstairs. Agents Drake and Harris were near him, but they were not in position, he noticed. Had Mycroft already informed them?
And lust and fear and heartbreak shouldn’t really mix and yet they were. John opened his eyes, fearing he would see Sherlock’s unseeing eyes and blood -  or a ghost, Sherlock’s, haunting him.
If Sherlock had suspected that she was not just – a former assassin whose past he had deleted when he had killed Magnussen, if he had known or suspected that what had happened to him for the past few weeks – was basically her assignment, she was sure that she wouldn’t be driving a car with just four agents in it.
Herman Bennett had been resilient because of his obsession and his beliefs, but he had almost broken him. Mycroft Holmes always learned from his mistakes.
“Everyone knows who he is, doctor Watson.” William said, “I had heard he was a –” The man hesitated for a moment, “an unfeeling arsehole.”
No one had filed a report on Victor’s disappearance either in the United States or in England - and Sherlock had only half listened to the information that had been given about the fact while in his presence, he hadn’t really
Ms. Adler took off her sunglasses, and there he could finally see that the game she had started was worrying her, there was still something she wasn’t telling him.
He doubted Mary would care if she knew that he had made plans during her pregnancy so that when time came the baby would be his. His wife had not been happy about the subterfuges, and he seldom left his personal and business life clash. Abby, however, had taken things in stride and when their baby girl had been finally brought home she had fallen in love with her.
They should have told him – they should have told him about Mary. He might have done more than wanting to take bloody videos with his mobile phone at the hospital. He would have arrested Mary, he would have – helped his friends. He would have done justice.
Sherlock had observed in silence the belongings in the house, he had not spouted off deductions a mile a minute, he had remained quiet, he hadn’t even crouched to the floor to better look at splatters of blood and dirt in the sitting room as he would usually do; for once he had been mindful of his injuries. He hadn’t asked anyone to take samples for him. He had kept looking around, apparently oblivious of the fact that the small flat was filled to the brim with Mycroft’s men and yarders. He had ignored the other people in the room, not even once commenting on the incompetence of the people surrounding them.
“Oh, mummy will be happy to know that for once we agree on something!” Sherlock said brightly. He took a black jacket from his closet and quickly put it on. Mycroft didn’t miss the curl of his lips – he must be in pain, painkillers notwithstanding.
