“Sam knows?” Tony snarled. He rebuffed Steve’s attempts to react him, shredding the soul bonds as easy as paper.
The ship banks and he grabs onto the strap to stay standing. He glances to the side, his battle buddy meets his gaze with a determined fierceness. Sam knows how important this mission is, but not how very important and personal it is for Bucky. Jedi may not form attachments, love might be forbidden but it's not impossible and it's not as if a Jedi can switch off emotions. Steve has been his star, his guide, his one hope when all other hopes have dissipated. While Bucky plays the big game always acting like everything rolls off his back, Steve saw through all that. He doesn't know if it's the Force or just how Steve always looked at him. He just knows his heart and force sensitive soul seeks Steve for a reason.
“You let me decide whether it’s Ultron trying to distract us.” Tony marches through the snow. The swirl of wind picks up the snow around him.
Glancing back over his shoulder, Steve can no longer make out the silhouettes of the town along the lonely plains of the eastern side of the foothills. The sagebrush and leafless trees stand in his way. He clears his throat and replies, “You are important as well, Tony. But I don't want Schmidt to get the upper hand. Even something as small as a wayward look could be misinterpreted.”
As he dosed he felt Tony’s weight against him and found solace that at least he could give his Beloved this small gift.
“What’s weird about it?” Bruce asks. He strolls around the laboratory with his hands in his pockets and a kind of lost look on his face that shouldn’t be there anymore, especially since it’s been over a year since the Battle of New York. Bruce has kept himself busy in New York while Tony splits his time between California and New York. When Tony shows up, Bruce emerges from his self-imposed exile in the Tower and actually lives and breathes like a human. It makes Tony both self important and guilty. Being Bruce’s friend isn’t the easiest thing that Tony ever tried to do – it’s not the hardest, not by far, but hell, if it is straightforward.
but the other part, the part controlling his needs, his wants, his satiation, won’t let him. He blurts out a grunted ‘stop’ that sounds more like ‘ssspp’.  His legs go weak, and Tony wraps his arms around him, holding firmly to stabilize him. It’s all too much and then he quakes and jerks and comes into the prince’s mouth as Tony sucks him down. The shower head cascades water down his face, and he drinks and spits it up at the same time.
Natasha held up her hands as if he might jump out of bed and stab her in the heart. “Like I said, resting. He hasn’t had any rest for days.” She nodded toward the large expansive window near the bed. When he followed her gaze, he confirmed that dawn would break soon. The sky outside the air ship had that predawn light that melded night with day and promised. “He’s been up for three days, sitting at your side. Terrified of what he did.”
“Just for shits and giggles.” Rumlow strikes again this time at his belly. Steve curls in a ball and cries out.
He entered the room, flopping down on the bed and then throwing his arms out as he stared blankly at the ceiling. The worse part was that he liked Steve. He rejected the idea that he should lay the blame of his parents’ deaths at Steve’s feet. It wasn’t Steve’s fault. Hell, it wasn’t Bucky’s fault. But Tony knew – comprehended that someday, he would share a space with Bucky. Bucky, as part of the pack, would dream or recall the moments of Tony’s mother’s death and Tony would experience it as if he stood right next to him and watched. Forever, the soul bond linked Tony to Barnes. Forever the soul bond hung the images of murder like laundry on a line, waiting for him to collect them. A horror show just outside his reach, but always there taunting him.
Just as he wished, the alpha fills him again and again, plugging him and forcing him to hold it and lay on the cold floor as the alpha eats or feeds him. The alpha makes him crawl and beg for any food. The alpha slaps him across the face when he fails at any task. He licks the alpha clean when asked and when the plug is finally removed, he sobs as the alpha doesn’t allow him to come.
It takes some doing. Tony sends a letter of introduction to Schmidt's ranch, something that Steve couldn't conceive of, even though Tony told him that it would be disrespectful for Schmidt not to entertain one of the wealthiest men in America at his home - regardless of what he thought of Tony's lifestyle. Once Schmidt receives the letter, delivered by express post from Doom's office, he immediately replies that he would be greatly pleased to invite Tony and his party to the ranch for an extended stay. Tony only smiles and raises his eyebrow when he sees the invitation, and kisses Steve on the cheek while he takes his afternoon rest on the back porch. Tony winks and immediately swings into action. Of course, Steve would be one of his entourage.
Instead of playing the game, Steve decides to change it entirely. He lifts his arms and beckons, “Come. I need my big strong hero to wash my back and massage my sore muscles.” Steve bats his long eyelashes and purses his lips.
Tony nodded. “Good to see you’re feeling better, what with the lack of like everything you had when you arrived.” Tony gestured over Sam’s entire body making him frown. “Well, you’re good now. All better. Miracles and all.”
“Come, Steve. I’m right there with you,” Tony commands and they both fall over the cliff together. No hand on him, only the pounding motion of Steve in him, filling him, finishing him is needed. He rides through it, half aware, half lost in a dream. He no longer needs the armor to fly. He’s taken flight.
“Don’t blame that madman on me,” Steve says and shuts his mouth, because most Union sympathizers saw Sherman as a hero, an icon of God’s will.
“Yes, Captain, now you are seeing that you are here to stay,” Ross said as the door opened again to the cell. “Agent Rumlow. I’m so pleased you came back. We need to start now. The wound looked like it was healing a bit so I opened it up again. Bring your men and women in and ensure that he’s weakened. I need him drained but not dead. Do you understand?”
The doctors – all wide eyed and huddling together – nodded and scurried away from Steve, not looking at him as they escaped. He watched them go as Fury stalked off and Natasha helped Steve out of his bindings. She kept her eyes focused on unclipping the bindings and then stepped away as he stood up from the chair.
“I never thought-.” He didn’t finish. “All these years, I wanted a connection, someone to be with. I kept saying it’s hard to find someone with shared life experiences-.”
Tony listens and watches Steve. The effort he’s putting out is monumental. He’s focusing on Tony, talking to him. Literally forcing himself to be attentive. It’s outright scary.
“I tried, Momma, I tried,” he whispered and dropped the knife in the sink. The blood in his veins pounded in his brain and he clutched onto the edge of the counter. “I tried but I couldn’t stop them. I could never stop them.”
“21st century old world,” Steven says. “It seems over the centuries many of the branches intermingled again and again.”
When their captors leave, Tony rushes over to him and checks his bruises, his open cuts caused by the tips of their boots along his ribs and shoulders. He clenches his jaw trying not to issue any sounds because Tony’s not here to save Steve – it’s the other way around. He shrugs off Tony’s help, and forces himself upright. The dim cave loops around and he squeezes his eyes closed to steady his balance, to fight against the nausea – sometimes it is more difficult to be in this human form. It doesn’t work well, and Tony’s slipping his shoulder under Steve’s arm and sliding an arm around his waist.
Steve shakes his head. He staggers to climb to his feet again. The shield still activated, still bloody. “Not, not true.”
Blu waits until Tony’s had his fill and then carries him the rest of the way to the camp. He angles downward, giving Tony ample room to get off. He does and then groans with the pain. He must have pulled something on top of the injury. Blu licks him once and then waits.
“It sounds ableist though,” Steve replies and goes to the closet looking for his own clothes for the day. It’s going to be a long week. He has a bag packed as well.
The elevator ride took forever, and Tony almost dozed as the pain sent him into a blurry reality, filled with fog and agony. When the elevator rang the floor and they hauled him out by his arms, the touch of dawn in the sky pierced his vision like a laser. His mind refused to piece together exactly what was happening. The roof, the sun breaking through the early clouds, the fact that the agents were towing him across the roof of the Triskelion. It made no sense to his infected brain.
Steve braces against the table near the cot, forces his body to stand and then on wobbly legs, shuffles over to the bench. “They said, if you don’t have the Jericho today, they are going to kill you. Raza’s coming.”
Pepper doesn’t question him when he arrives in California again and he doesn’t look like he slept for weeks. He probably hasn’t. He feels jittery and broken. He’d been on the East Coast to go to DC and stop them from trying to take the Iron Man armor away from him. It isn’t happening. If they take the armor, Tony has nothing left, but how can he tell them anything? They don’t understand that one of the richest men in the world, is actually the poorest man. He feels like a fake.
The sample. Bruce just mentioned it. Tony knows that’s exactly what she’s doing, but hell if he doesn’t trust her. He forces his raging heart to stop drumming in his ears. “Did he-.” He swallows and starts again. “Did he wake up while you were in here at all?”
“Don’t say it, Rogers. You broke the rules. You fell for your client. And now-.” She bows her head and turns to him. “Just be care, you might not want to pull on that thread.”
“And why shouldn’t I?” Red Skull hisses. “I have been trapped, doomed to be the Soul Keeper, the Guardian of the Soul Stone and the Realm. As I watched you little humans play your games with the soul stone, I remained, always trapped and never freed. The Soul Realm is mine to do with as I please. You are all mine to with as I please. No one moves on beyond this realm without paying their dues to me.”
“Are you okay?” Steve asked. He desperately wanted to get up, to put his hands on Tony’s shoulders, to bring him back to bed. It’s just a dream – a dream he was having while sleeping in Tony’s hotel room.
“What? And miss all this freak ass mystery that you’re a fucking angel? Never,” Tony says and maneuvers to get Steve to stand without toppling over. He assesses the mess of Steve’s wings and winces as he notes the numerous injuries. “Can you, can you fold them up if I pick you up?”
“I’m not sure. I’ve been doing some research,” Tony said, and that was bald faced lie. He never even cared. He thought hippies and punkers and weird ass religious types were part of the soul pack crowd. He never thought of it as mainstream. Scientists rarely got to study them. Governments hungered after them, but somehow – as far as Tony knew – soul packs avoided scrutiny.
“Yeah?” Suddenly he forgets about the burger. “I didn’t want to hope. But yeah, I did. I tried not to. But I kind of daydreamed about it.”
“I thought,” Steve says and scrubs a hand through his still damp hair. “I thought he was going to be part of your clinical trial?”
With Steven in the harness attached to the lattice of the rack above them, Tony adjusts the tension and pushes Steven as he says, “Assume position three.”
What he feels now. He gazes at Tony. What he feels now is indescribable. But it’s over before it began. He looks back at the raging storm outside the Quin Jet. He focuses on the problem in front of him. He needs to stop letting himself dwell on what could have been. He made his bed with lies and omissions, now he has to lie in the thorns of untruths. Shifting his thoughts back to the problem at hand is the only way to force the stoicism back to the front of his brain.
Handling hot lava might have been easier than broaching taboo subjects with Steve. “You feel better now about it? I was worried. That night was charged, you know. And I thought you might back track.”
As Steve showers, he mentally lists out all the things he needs to do before going back to the prince’s quarters for dinner. Finding out the timing for the dinner tops the list, but then he needs to get his plug and other tools clean. He wonders if they have a proper place to sterilize around here. He scrubs his hair and his body, wishing to have his hose and nozzle to clean out. He washes thoroughly and finishes quickly. If he learned one thing in the Beyond Regions is to be frugal about water. He towels dry and takes special care with his hair. He shaves both his face and his genitals. Luckily, he’s used to it by now and doesn’t get such a rash.
Yet, this assignment feels different. His shoulders tense and when he glimpses himself in the mirror Steve sees a stranger. Someone trying to be someone he isn’t. He’s not a high class escort, he’s simply a kid from the Brooklyn Regions with little to show for it and less to hope for. He’s lucky he picked up enough know how between the sheets before he came here and he’s fortunate Natasha gave him nice clients to ease him into the lifestyle. Now, all bets are off. Steve could blow the whole deal, be out on his ass in no time, or stuck in a prison cell in the Stark Systems.
“But he could, couldn’t he?” Tony says and he tilts his head as if he’s figuring something out that dawned on him this moment. “He propositioned you to be with you. To contract you?”
“Do they-.” Tony doesn’t ask again who they are. “Do they have this place bugged?” That wouldn’t make any sense because Steve speaks about
Clint opened the door to the prison cell and waved them forward. When Tony stepped out into the hallway, he saw a mass of agents littering the corridor. Arrows stuck out of their bodies. Clint cocked another arrow to his bow and nodded to Tony. Since when did V-Corp agents use arrows? Clint had committed a crime, killing his fellow agents for Tony and Steve. With that in mind, Tony helped push the gurney toward the bank of elevators, but that meant they needed to go out to the main hallway and surely with the causalities in the prison corridor, they were bound to meet resistance.
Steve drops his hands and the sorrow in his expression renews the pain in Tony’s chest. It feels like ice shards. “Yes. I’m the man who sacrificed everything for nothing.”
The snow picks up as they head toward the cabin. It’s only up the bank to the river and to the side, sheltered from the worst of the storm. The cold bites at him and he grits his teeth as the wind beats at them. In his arms, Tony pushes forward making progress difficult.
Turning on the unit, it immediately spews much cooler air. It should be colder but it will do in a pinch.
“Yes, but do you actually see the world as it should be?” Steven asks. “Because it should be this-.” With that Steven leans down and sweeps Tony into a kiss. A kiss that’s passionate, and driven and laden with promises that Tony can just barely taste because Steven only gives him the appetizer. He refuses Tony the rest. Steven steps away. “Do you see the world as it should be?”
Half of Tony wanted the dream space to absorb him during the night again, but it hadn’t appeared at all. Tony figured that it probably wouldn’t. He couldn’t will it and, he assumed, because they understood it as a real space between them they’d destroyed it somehow. Steve hadn’t pursued more of an intimate relationship since that first moment they realized that the dream space was real to some extent. Yet, he seemed more open to Tony and definitely didn’t snap Tony’s wrist when he happened to touch Steve. During one of the lunches as the whole pack chowed down on grilled cheese sandwiches (which Tony used to hate but somehow Steve managed to change that opinion with his secret recipe), Steve mentioned it would be nice for the pack to start training.
“And what’s the deal here, Ultron,” Tony asks because Steve’s too tongue tied to even try to advance a cognizant thought. “We’re no longer trying to keep things realistic.”
Leaning back against the tree, he rubs his extended stomach. “You know that would have gone well with some mushrooms and some wine.”
Steve only nods, knowing it is too late to save his soul. Somehow, Tony gets Steve’s pants off, and then pulls off his own shirt and pants. Tony’s gorgeous. In the small alcove of the room where the bed’s nicely tucked, Tony straddles over Steve and picks up a bottle from the side table.
“What do you think?” Tony says and rubs at his temple. The hemifacial spasms have started again. The pain in his face pounds a rhythm like drums beating a war anthem.
He turns around to look down the side passage to find Tony half jogging toward him. “What’s going on? Why aren’t you in the closet?”
She offers him a cup with a small plate of cookies. He thinks it’s something odd and strange but it helps comfort him. Samantha sips her tea and says, “I understand this is your first time here and I want to make you feel at ease. So as a sub-omega why don’t you tell me exactly what you would want?”
He sits back on the bed, glares at the room – which is well appointed – but hates it anyway. Staring at his phone, he knows full well he has a way out. He can just call JARV- Friday and get his new AI to send a suit. Jumping up from the bed, he goes to the window to check the weather. It’s not looking good. Flying in a blizzard isn’t something he relishes. The turbulence always makes him want to vomit.
Tony grimaced. A smartass AI was just what he didn’t need right now. Tony waved off JARVIS and his nonsensical explanations. The AI surely needed an upgrade. “I gotta shower. I’ll be there in 5.”
Tony chimed in before Pepper could finish. “I did what I had to do. What apparently SHIELD couldn’t even figure out. The Vice President had sold out the country. The Mandarin was an American. Is it so hard for SHIELD to fathom that a white American male would be a terrorist?”
Tony mumbles something and then opens his eyes. Steve’s heart beats in a rush like the waves crashing against the shore. There’s din there, he can hardly hear. He lifts Tony’s hand to his lips and kisses his fingers. “Tony?”
“Delay!” Tony finishes. “He must have cracks in the system. Fatal flaws that he’s trying to fix before we manage to get there.”
“Let us sit,” Wong said as they all entered the room. Both Natasha and Steve pulled a folding chair from the stack in the corner of the room, but Wong settled cross legged on the floor. Steve stopped mid-chair set up and silently questioned Natasha. She lifted a shoulder and then put the chair back on the stack. Without hesitation, she sat across from Wong. Steve looked at the chair in his grasp and then at Wong. He really had no choice, but he hated giving over all of his fate to anyone. The only person he’d ever really done that with was Doctor Erskine.
Rolling his suitcase to the dock, Steve stops and stares with his mouth agape at the single huge ship berthed in the hull of Prime Station. It’s massive – bigger than the tallest building on the Brooklyn settlement. He swallows down his awe and picks up his shoulder bag as he rolls the suitcase toward the elevator.
His flaccid cock slips out, and he lies there, panting and humming with energy. The omega – Steven – grasps at his imprisoned cock. Tony only brushes his hand away.
Sure, he’s not timid when it comes to being naked around people. He’s used to that, totally. Hell, there are probably more naked photos of him in existence on the internet than clothed. Yet, Steve seeing. With his scarred chest. Tony lays a hand on his sternum – a titanium net to sew his ribcage back together again. What would Steve think? Would it disgust him? Gross him out?
Tony Stark is one of the most powerful, if not the most powerful person in the whole of Human Space.
“I bought it for him because Steve has a terrible sense of direction. He kept getting lost when he went to do things for me on the station. Isn’t that right, Steve?” Tony waits.
“You can say that again,” Tony said but then held up his hands in surrender. “Hey, I’m not saying I’m not part of the problem.”
“The Passages are portals through to his innermost brain,” Tony pauses, heaves in a breath, and shivers against Steve. “Each rim is a defense. He built them in response to our invasion of his brain. The rules are simple because they have to be. He needs us to respond in a predictable way so he can defend and defeat us.”
The prince splays out on a reclining chair. His eyebrow notches up a degree. “You know those flavors are probably all fake since they went extinct eons ago.”
“No, I did not see that,” Steve said and wiped his face and neck. He followed Sam, tossing the towel in the bin as they passed it. Just outside the workout room, the juicer bar curved along the wall. When they walked up to it, a young man asked for their order. Steve glanced up at the menu, too many different choices.
Maybe in his sidelong glance, Steve sees Pepper smile and bow her head with a look toward Rhodes, but he’ll never be able to confirm or deny it. All he can do is cradle Tony’s hand against his face and close his own eyes, bathing in touch rather than sight.
For a while Steve stood apart from the clearing crews and seemed to just go still. Tony watched him, a few meters off. He saw nothing at all, but he felt the searching, the flung tendrils of hope stretching beyond physical barriers and space. It thrilled Tony, caused gooseflesh to pop up as he let himself get caught up in Steve’s exploration. As he hunted, Steve also shared the Soul Mantra as if trying to teach Bucky and the other new pack members. When Tony spied Steve, he saw his lips moving, but no sound came out – just the chat of the Mantra over and over. Through the rivers of the Steve’s soul, the ripples echoed back to him. Small, unsure, and faint as if the distance between them widened and the gap grew in size. There was no hope they were going to appear but Steve had somehow made a connection. Tony stayed silent, an observer to Steve’s ministrations with his astral projection. He beckoned them come home, he asked Bucky to see him through the soul bonds. For a brief and brilliant moment, the clarity of the connection brightened the bonds and Tony gasped at the strength, but then the others – Bucky and the new mates snapped away, pulled back as if frightened dog might pull away from its abusive master.
“He helped me, you know, he was the first person to install it,” Tony says as he reclines back in the seat.
Approaching the slumped figure partially hidden by the shadows of the cell, Bucky's brain immediately goes to categorizing the injuries. He's field trained and knows how to do basic first aid. Right now there's no time for that with whatever hell Red Skull might be planning as their reception once he gets Steve out of this tomb. Still, he needs to assess the basics of Steve's injuries because he needs to know if the Jedi is, at least, mobile. As he settles next to his friend - who hasn't moved or twitched a muscle - his first fear that he's too late, that Steve is dead - is allayed when he notices the wet breathing.  It's thick and labored and reminds Bucky of the times he sat by Steve's side when they were both children and Steve suffered from one ailment and then another. It only serves to increase Bucky's terror and rage. His heart in his throat he tries to speak around the fear.
Steve followed Tony, the guilt mounting. He forced himself not to look back. His brain felt thick, like he waded through mud. He knew Tony was right. Just one look at his mate and he had to admit that Tony needed the rest. What Tony had been through and how strong he’d been since only ate away at his reserves, Steve was sure. When the King of Wakanda stepped in their path, Steve almost begged off.
Tony had thought in that moment that Ross had no dramatic flair and couldn’t really hold his own in the light of the public eye. Yet, the fact that Justin Hammer happened to zero in on that one difference that might change everything seemed enlightened and he had to wonder where and when the hell they figured it out.
“You don’t have to wear the glasses for the week or so before,” Steve puts in. “I’m here. We’re all here to help you. You can let it go for a while.”
Steve picks up the cylinder but Tony jerks and puts out his hands. “Careful, the core is in and I don’t want to ruin it. It’s the only one I have.”
Steve’s already carved the chicken and placed it on a platter. “Let’s just bring the food to the table.”
“No problem. It’s a quiet day. Why don’t you come around and we can get started right away. Go through the door and we can go to a room to discuss your needs.” She points to the door next to the curved reception desk, separating the outside from the inside – the blocks. Steve presses his lips together and considers leaving before she says, “We’ll take good care of you.”
“Yeah, you do. Thor’s here to talk to you,” Sam said and promptly left the room. Steve spun around on his heel to question him, but the door closed as he opened his mouth to speak. Instead he settled for a muttered curse.
“Yeah,” Steve says. He finally looks at Tony. Reaching out, he grasps Tony’s hand. “I liked the memories. I liked them a lot, Tony. I’m sorry I wasn’t honest with you when I came to the Tower. It’s kind of hard to tell someone that they lived a whole other life with you that they don’t remember.”
As he considers this choices – which are remarkably few – Natasha knocks on the door and slips into the room. She smiles tentatively at him. “You look better.”
Steve doesn’t comment, just gets to the bathroom across the room and relieves himself. All the time he hears Tony prattling. Washing his hands, he finishes up and exits the bathroom at the same time the nurse comes in. It’s a different nurse and he’s quite upset that Steve even left the bed. He hustles Steve back into the bed, tucks him in and attaches all the monitors again. He leaves out the intravenous line when Steve practically growls at him.
Tony slipped into the workshop, his knees jittery as he jumped over the piles of wires and breadboards. He pulled a stool over to his father’s bench and climbed onto it. Looking over the schematic, he could tell that it was some kind of pod, but not what it was for at all.
“Two steps now. One, two.” Steve brings him around and then positions him next to the recliner. Tony can tell because it faces away from the windows. He can’t feel the heat of the sun through the glass on his face. “Sit,” Steve directs. “I’ll get the interface turned off.”
“I’m a big boy, I know the ways and means of being gay, Bruce,” Tony said. And jealousy apparently too.
His friend sighs, and Tony hears the weight of the world settle on Rhodey’s shoulders. “Yeah. He called back when you were on the island. He was worried about how much you were working without sleep. He told me how excited you were, and I told him.” He stops as if he’s trying to recall the conversation. “Shit. I told him to let you go ahead. There was no stopping you once you were neck deep in inventions.”
“Take it out?” Tony spins around, he needs to get out, get away. Boyfriend. God, Steve is his boyfriend. A weird boyfriend, but still one that Tony teetered on the edge of their cliff of falling. He’d purposefully kept his distance, just pretending he wanted to get into Captain America’s pants. All the while his heart skipped beats when Steve walked in the room. His hands sweated when Steve smiled at him. His breath escaped his lungs when Steve clasped his hand. What the hell was he thinking. He’d fallen the day Steve showed up in his penthouse and asked for a chance. Who else had ever asked Tony Stark for a chance, so innocently?
Surprisingly a call from the side jerked his attention around to find Bruce standing next to the triage center desk. “Tony?”
“Ah, from the Wastelands.” Odin must see Steve’s stricken look because he immediately backpedals. “Sorry, my boy. From Asgard, we see the area you humans call the Beyonds as Wastelands simply because we do not regard it as useful to the Nine Realms.”
Tony swallows and nods. Steve’s hands are at the drawstring, tearing them open and then shifting the pants off with a little help from Tony. The plug is gone, the condom and lube only take a second, and then Steve eases back onto the prince’s lap, positioning his cock with little help. Tony watches him the entire time, and Steve never breaks their shared gaze. As he sits down onto Tony’s cock, Steve lets the feel of it, the width, the stretch of it play across his expression. Tony lets out a whimper and Steve knows one of the prince’s turn ons is watching – watching Steve pleasure himself, fill himself with Tony’s heavy cock.
“No one is putting you or any of your team in a prison,” Tony says. He waits and just pops up on his toes and swings back to his full foot again. “Well, since you’re sitting there like a deer in headlights, let me explain. Alpha Privilege is a little known international law. The US has something very similar on the books. No one uses it much anymore because alphas aren’t really much in charge since the Beta Acts of the early19th century. How these laws still exist I don’t know, nor do I really care-.” Tony stops and assesses Steve. “Well, onto the good part because I can see by your reaction, that a little history lesson isn’t what you’re interested in. Alpha Privilege allows a high ranking alpha – such as myself – to take into custody a bonded omega that has willfully broken the law to enact punishment.”
“What did you know? How much did you know?” Tony’s searching his lookalike’s face and then his face for the truth.
“No, from my research it seems as if the living person will eventually heal.” JARVIS stopped, allowed the information to sink in and then added, “The astral projection is an intricate pattern. How the pattern grows and forms determines the strength and well-being of the soul pack.”
Steve wanted to reach out to Tony; he would in the dream space. Why wouldn’t he now? This was the dream space, wasn’t it?  He extended his hand, leaving his palm open to Tony. “It felt like home to me too. Probably the one I miss the most.”
Standing there with a look of disgust in her eyes, Natasha greeted him. “I take it you overfed.” She held the tray in her hands. “We don’t need a dead Captain America on our hands, you know.”
She didn’t argue. Just that fact terrified Tony a little too much. He took the lead with Clint beside him, nursing the bullet wound in his shoulder. Tony grimaced, and Clint directed them toward the bank of elevators. Tony accepted that Clint needed to protect his family, he understood it on a primal level. But every fucking second that passed, Tony spent shoving the horror and agony away. If the supernatural energy flowing through him hadn’t kept him on his feet and moving, Tony was sure he’d be a puddle on the floor, weeping and moaning over what had happened. He kept rubbing his fingers over his palms, trying to find out if the holes were still there, or if the energy discs in his hands generated from the scars of his crucifixion. Like some kind of fucking parody of Christ. If he thought about it too long, his hold on reality wavered and his legs threatened to collapse under him. So he moved on, not thinking, concentrating on getting Steve to safety. If he did that he wouldn’t have to think about what they did to him, how he wanted to tear out their throats, how he silently reveled in their deaths.
Clint greets them with a stiff wave and then goes back to working with Lila and target practice. Off in the distance Laura is preparing a meal with her two sons in the fields. She keeps asking about hot dogs, but Steve doesn’t see a grill or anywhere to cook them. The air is fresh and sweet, the temperature not to hot and with a gentle breeze. The sun blurs the edge of the horizon. It’s idyllic in a sinister way that Steve can’t put his finger on.
“Okay. Thanks.” Sam walked into the Tower and disappeared in the elevator. Steve didn’t even know where he was going. Did Sam have an apartment in the Tower? Or was he staying elsewhere? Steve couldn’t remember one way or the other – his brain felt heavy in his skull. Then his arms tensed as he held Tony against his chest. Without a word, he headed toward the penthouse bedroom.
Bolts hit the ship and it shudders under Clint’s control. The ship veers but a barrage of bolts strike their mark. In response the ship careens as Clint yells out his warnings. There’s little they can do, the ship isn’t a fighter and has barely any defenses other than the fighter pods –but they can’t buckle into them and drop to the planet at the same time.
Wong clears his throat as he places the pile of books on Tony’s lap and the phone near Tony’s hand. “No. Stephen as in Stephen Strange.”
Traveling back to the brothel Steve grows antsy and worried. He has less than twelve hours before the arrival of the prince and he needs to get himself prepped and he needs to do his homework – or more of it. It doesn’t stop him from slipping into one of the shops that refused to wait on him and hold up his bags.
Tony cleans up, taking extra care to wash the grease from his hands and face. He straightens his hair, puts on a new shirt and even throws on a leather jacket. When he meets Steve in the lobby, the tension he tried to wash away ratchets up. This whole romance teeters on the point of a knife and Tony can’t fathom why. He’s usually so good at this. Romance is his forte.
“No-.” He wheezes again.  He needs his inhaler. Damn, what was he thinking? He can’t do this; he needs access to his inhaler. Breathing tightens his chest even further, every time he tries it cycles back to strengthen the grip on his bronchi. “No-. To-.”  He can’t keep his legs under him, and he tumbles down to his knees, grasping at Tony with his gloved hand.
“Not romantic, you fool,” Sam mutters and hits the button. “Nat, thank God, get to Steve’s suite. He’s done something. There’s blood everywhere. We need a med team right away.”
“Popsi- what? Yeah, one of those. I want one of those.” Tony beams and holds up his bags as he exits the back room. “Look at all my goodies.” He pushes the guard away. “No, you can’t have my stuff. I’m carrying it all the way back to the ship. I am capable, you know!” The guard nearly squawks at him but steps away as Tony skips to the front entrance of The Cage. “Come on, Steve. I want a popsicle.”
“Yes. He’s been here for a while. Don’t really know how you traveled with the guy for a year. It’s like living with a bear.” Tony stuffs his hands in his pockets because he doesn’t know if he should take Steve’s hand in his – are they that kind of couple? Are they a couple at all? “So.” He clears his throat. “Just so I know, did you ever have feelings for me or was this just a little walk down fantasy lane?”
“Not anymore?” Bucky spun around on his heel and then whipped right back to Steve again. “Look at you. Is this what you want? Him?” He shook his head. His long hair – the hair he had as the Winter Soldier, not as the man Steve knew all those years ago. He was some kind of an amalgamate of the Bucky Steve knew and the Winter Soldier. He smashed the cigarette on the doorframe and tossed it to the side. “What would your mother think?”
“God, this is getting worse,” Tony said and for a second the nausea swelled until he clamped down on it, and drank the horrible coffee, coughing a bit.  He refused to believe it was his brain causing this, but at the same time, Tony could not continue in this state. He needed it to stop. “How do I stop it? How does anyone ever get out of this?” The racket of thoughts banged around in his head, not like a pinball game but more like the clash and collide of a landslide. “I never got the impression anyone had this type of problem.” He spent time with Bruce; they worked together in the lab. Although Bruce never spoke of the soul pack, Tony supposed it was out of some weird respect either for the integrity of the soul pack or understanding that Tony wasn’t a part of it.
Tony closes his eyes and covers his face with his hands. The din of silence comes over him and he only wants to surrender, leave, run away. But he doesn’t. He stands his ground; he realizes he would lay down on the wire for Steve. Someone’s talking to him and Tony frowns.
The door sweeps open and Steve steps into the workshop. His gaze seeks Tony, looking first toward the Iron Man armor hanging near the interface cubby and when he doesn’t find Tony there, he searches the wide laboratory. When he finally sees Tony and Bruce, Steve smiles – broadly.
Tony bites back his laughter. “Here you want some syrup on the waffles.” He coats the stack with a river of syrup. “You’ll like it. Nice and sweet.”
“I should take it easy? You’re right. I will.” He stops and watches as Blu settles down in the stream of water, letting it cool him. Tony lies down next to the stream and places his injured arm in the water, the cold spring does him good. He sighs as he watches Blu roll over on his back and let the water rush over him. He’s a magnificent animal, powerful, well-toned, intelligent, and, oddly, kind. As he observes the big cat, Tony takes note of the slash again. He should get up and make sure it gets cleaned.
“Well, we didn’t either,” Natasha said with a half grin.  As they stood in the aisle in the quiet church, she added, “Thank your Beloved for that.”
Steve mutes his words, words and emotions he has no right to say or feel. Pepper’s right. He’s only known Tony for two months, but it’s been two very enlightening months. “I know your heart is in the right place, but Tony – Tony needs to make these decisions for himself. He needs to be respected. He’s not a child.”
“But it isn’t.” Steve gazes at him. “It’s not. Ultron’s ultimate goal with building Vision was to become more human, an idealized version of humanity. In the end though he only has one figure that’s his model.”
A misty blue shimmering light appears within the arch.  It reminds Steve of the light that used to shine from Tony’s arc reactor. In some ways, Ultron cannot escape his creator.
“He?” Tony spared a glance at Bruce and then back to the road. The stars in the sky and his supernatural senses made it so that the landscape around them had an ethereal glow in purples and lavender and pinks. When he looked at Bruce though a decidedly green tinge warped his skin.
“I won’t be able to use the virtual reality goggles either – all that much. That means I don’t get any work done,” Tony says.
He shrugged, though she couldn’t see it at the time, since the metal body hardly allows such a subtle gesture to be communicated. “I’m on it, Pepper, I am.”
Steve stared at the middle distance, not facing Tony or the truth. “It’s new. I hadn’t really considered it before, but I enjoy it. The dreams. I like it.” He wasn’t sure he could look at Tony as he confessed these truths.
As he’s considering his cursed heart, his implant chimes telling him he’s received a notification. Notifications tend to be like updates on people he’s tagged in his system to keep him informed on their status. He taps his implant and accesses the notification system.
Tony couldn’t stop a little laugh. “You are an old man. Yeah, this is a private line.” He nodded and he didn’t pull his hand away from Steve. “So can we do this private line stuff with everyone?”
Steve only shrugs squinting into the artificial sun. It’s all beautiful and perfect and probably exactly like the systems near the inner regions of the Conclave where everything is pristine. No one wants for anything and a creek running with real water in the middle of a space station isn’t the ultimate waste. Tony grabs Steve’s wrist.
“Maybe you should have picked someone outside of the comic book artist skill set,” Steve says as the elevator announces the penthouse floor. He stops before he leads Tony out of the elevator. A small intake of breath and a murmured wow telegraph everything Tony needs to know.
It’s Luke who comes up to them and says, “Maybe you might like something a little less provocative.”
“Maybe you don’t give yourself enough,” Tony said as they headed toward his suite instead of Steve’s rooms. It seemed natural, right, that Steve wouldn’t even wonder why. “Did you ever think about your designation in this whole pack thing? I mean I know you worry about all the titles you’ve given us. From Thor as a Guide to those twins as Family, and then me as Beloved.” He waved the key card over the interface and the door unlocked. “But what about leader? You think about that?”
She threw down the panties and turned to him. Her eyes were red with tears. “Stop it, Tony. Stop. You barely touch me. Ever. I always have to start and initiate everything. You don’t want me. You never did.”
It sits in the corner of the dark place – a cave his brain supplies. The male lion stares at Tony, its eyes an azure blue. Tony knows it’s only a figment of his imagination, a delusion of the fever racing through his brain and body. He wonders if the fever will scorch away all  the memories of what led him to this desolate place. Part of him wants that, needs it, so that he can wash away the past and rise up like a phoenix from the flames. He would never be so lucky.
Blu furrows his face as best he can and leans down to drink. He’s walked across the small creek and his feet are wet. He looks up at Tony as he laps the water. His blue eyes are startlingly bright. They take Tony’s breath away. He’s so very beautiful and calming. Tony’s never been calmer and more peaceful in anyone’s presence.
“What about that Nick Fury guy?” He’s grasping at straws and he knows it. “Maybe he can help.” Whatever the news reports say, he knows that Fury can’t be dead – Steve talked about him in the present tense.
“Have a burger.” Logan places a burger in his lap and then hooks a chair with the toe of his boot to bring it closer to the bed. He settles in it and chows down on his burger.
Steve stares down at the rag, at the stains of blood on his borrowed shirt. Fury really did screw him this time. When he’d read the dossier, Steve thought he’d be thrown into the middle of high society, the parties, the socialites, the sex and drugs. He thought it would be simple. But this isn’t simple at all.
The Quin Jet’s engines awake, rumbling as the vehicle begins to hover. “Oh yeah. Just the once.” Tony snickers. “Mostly because if you mess up once it probably means you’re gonna die and so you can’t mess up twice.” Steve gapes at him and Tony barks out with laugher. “Don’t worry, sir, you’re in fine hands.” He pats Steve’s white knuckled grasp of the chair and then the Quin Jet swoops upward and out of the bay at the bow of the massive Avengers ship.
"Stevie, it's me. Bucky. You're going to be okay now." It's a lie but he doesn't really care. The sight of Steve beaten and starved devours Bucky's own hope. He checks out what he can see of Steve in the strange blue light. His skin is marred by whip marks, his vertebrae stick out in stark relief against skin that looks to thin, too transparent.
She hides her startle well, but he spots it, fleeting across her expression. “I don’t think that’s any of your business, Rogers.”
“That’s a job, not a home, Steve.” Tony pulls away the bandage. “Ultron’s knowledge of your healing abilities must be a little less informed. He’s got you healing at an accelerated rate, maybe 6, 8 times faster than a typical human.”
“No,” Tony said, and he sat up. “It doesn’t matter. Don’t you get it?” He yanked his hand away from Steve’s and that sliced into his heart. Tony pressed the heels of his hands into his eyes. When he dropped them, tears leaked down his cheeks and he did nothing to hide them. “It’s all a fucking mess.”
Coulson pressed his thin lips together and then said, “I’m going to be leaving. Again. This time, this time for good.”
“Maybe too good,” he mutters. “Might not work.” He could test it out, but he has no idea how long it’s good for and for how many fucks. “When did this stuff get so complicated?”
Steve looks down at his meal and the cold pit of the war swallows him up and the food reminds him paradoxically of walking skeletons and death. He places his silver fork to the side and his hands in his lap. "Yes, I know that."
Captain Marvel has always been an advocate of lesser known areas and the more downtrodden, but she stays away from the more complex Beyond Regions mainly because the politics are convoluted. Too many of the Elite Inner Regions lay claim to different systems out in the Beyonds. It’s good she’ll be there since she commands the second largest fleet for the Conclave after the Stark Fleet.
“I think so. I can’t get anything else. There’s not much charge left in the comm’s battery, I think.” He knows Tony engineered it so that the comm would have a separate energy source than the rest of the Quin Jet. It’s a surprise to him that Ultron kept it that way, but it shows Ultron’s linear thinking and might offer an advantage to them.
"He's tough enough he don't need four legs. What about yours?" He points to Steve’s little fox sized Companion.
Tony clasps Steve’s fist and slowly unclenches his fingers. Lightly, he caresses the inside of Steve’s palm. “I’m sorry, I never thought of that.” Tony cringes and then looks up at him. “I forget – I mean I forget that you’re-.” He stops as if not wanting to finish the sentence.
“Are you? Are you Tony Stark?” Steve asks because he doesn’t remember anything about wires from the dossier he read.
Natasha indicated a seat and Tony slumped down into it. He buckled in as Clint took the co-pilot’s seat. Tony had expected Fury to be the pilot, but then he suspected that Nick took the first jet and transported the injured immediately.  The flight gave Tony something he desperately wanted to throw out of the jet. Time. It gave him enough time to mull over what the fuck had just happened. He could blame the whole fiasco on Natasha. The armor had been damaged not only during the training exercise but also during the attack on the Hydra base in Sokovia. It hadn’t been serious damage, but it was enough to fry out the electrical when Natasha tossed her stingers at him. While he thought he repaired the damage from the training exercise, he’d never tested it to ensure that a power surge wouldn’t affect it in a negative way. Now he knew. Normally a power surge would have left him with more energy that he knew what to do with, but this time the suit couldn’t handle a simple stinger. He would toast the whole thing when they got back to the Tower.
“We need a plan.” Steve relaxes but still yanks Tony over to a thicket of wildflowers and weeds. “Why the hell is the outer rim of Ultron’s consciousness Barton’s farm?”
“It’s a night thing then?” A lot of what happened to Steve directly after he was rescued remained muddled in his brain.
“Brainwashed?” Clint asked, and Tony could literally see his hackles rise. Bruce stopped dabbing the burn on his chest.
Thor stops, his expression grave. “Steven, you must stop letting life pass you by. Look at who you are. This place tells a story here. I know, I write stories for a living. Here, hidden up in your attic away from the world you can pretend you don’t need anyone. But you do. And you want someone. I suggest you go and get it.” He throws the banana peel away. “And get coffee too. This place is really miserable.”
The man sits with his back to Tony but the words are still clear and feel like ice as he pronounces each one of them. “I did what I had to do. I will accept my punishment-.”
“What does that mean?” His gaze went to the ceiling of the medbay. He feared looking at her, seeing how that question affected her expression. He didn’t want to see her eyes close off and her mouth thin set against revealing too much. “Is it just another name? Or is Tony really something different now?”
“Hey,” Steve says. “I have a nice picnic basket packed.” He holds up a wicker basket as Tony turns back to him. “Got all kinds of goodies.”
“It’s Bruce, and he won’t know you’re not here,” Bruce says as he hangs in the doorway, half watching Steve, half watching his patient.
Steve juddered against his bonds, but each movement caused the rack to tighten and his joints to loosen. Through pure will alone, he compelled himself to stop struggling, to allow the nanobots to invade his injury. The skin around the wound scorched and puckered. Steve strained to look down at his side and saw the flesh heated. The smell of skin burning from the inside wafted up and hit his nostrils. He gagged.
Steve frowned but said, “Yes. I fully admit to that, Tony. But remember it wasn’t as accepted as it is today. You went to prison back then.” He caressed Tony’s arm, his chest. “It was different back then.”
“Yes, it will,” Steve replies and narrows his eyes as he looks at Stane. Something is off-kilter, wrong, and imbalanced. Steve needs to get him alone; but would Tony be willing and open to it is another question. “Perhaps when we get to the Lemurian Star?”
“It’ll work.” Tony closes the fridge without getting anything out of it. He considers Steve’s words and then adds, “We got a few hours. Want to go get something to eat?” If Steve won’t come to him, Tony is that desperate that he’ll make the play himself.
Too many people claim the name Nick Fury in this world for it to be a useful lead. Yet with Tony's considerable resources and a spectacular AI, he hunts down a few leads. One is particularly intriguing.
Steve waited until Sam left and then reached for the device. Luckily, it was still open and not locked. He went to the browser, searched for his favorite site for soul pack information (it was not Wikipedia anymore). The site was maintained by his favorite guru, Wong.
“You’ve gone through a good dozen or so bags since you came back from New York,” Natasha said as she stuffed her hands in her pockets. He never trusted her like that, hands hidden with stingers at the ready.
“You know Stark.” Steve tried for the evade, but Natasha just laughed at him. Bowing his head, Steve inhaled, held it, and then released it with a big downward movement of his shoulders. “It was weird, Nat, really weird.”
Pepper trails behind them, but Tony turns and says to her, “I know you have a lot to do. I think we can manage.”
Steve quirked an eyebrow at him but took the large cup with straw from the counter, thanking the man. Sam ushered them over to a seating area for the gym. Steve took a chair and settled as Sam sat across from him. They sipped their drinks before Sam said, “How are you holding up?”
“I said I may be able to give you back natural vision.” Strange goes back to his computer and does a few keystrokes. “Please put your glasses back on.”
When Tony brought a brand new Starkphone for Steve home one night the response had been worth it. Steve’s grin broadened as he opened the package that Tony had hastily put together. The gift bag dropped to the floor as Steve’s eyes widened.
When they slam the prison door closed, Tony races over to Steve’s side and can’t begin to account for all of the wounds or to figure out how to stop the bleeding. It takes him three hours to patch Steve up, if you can even call it that. It’s horrifying to look at Steve. The cuts, and slices all over his arms and legs. The hand prints, the knuckle injuries from fists slammed into ribs and belly. Startling colors of red and purple mark his face. He cannot even open his eyes properly. But when he does, he smiles at Tony.
“Of course,” Steve says and gestures for him to lead the way. It only then occurs to Steve that he didn’t prepare himself properly for a night with the prince. Lowly he curses his stupidity. Steve yanks open his shoulder bag, pulls out some supplies, and then stuffs them into the inner pocket of his robe. “Lead the way.”
“It’s not a big deal.” He looks down at Steve’s feet. He bites back his lips and runs his hands through the mess of his curls – something Steve has always wanted to do – touch Tony, finger his curls. Tony shifts his focus and looks up at Steve. “I just wanted to do something nice for you – that’s all. I’m not the best at figuring things out when it comes to people. Ask Pepper. But I – I know you – I wanted to.” He stops, gathers himself, and then says, “Can we start again?”
“Yeah, I heard you,” Clint says and touches his hearing aids. “I got it. Yeah, and I know.” He moves to the galley kitchen, and starts setting up the coffee pot. “You want some?”
“Did he?” Steve asked. He thought about his father in a fox hole, ragged with a beard and nowhere to shave. The bombs exploded around him, the mud up to his knees, the misery deeper still. “I wanted to make him proud. I wanted to make you proud. You only knew me as a failure. That’s all I am. I thought I was something bigger, something larger.”
Steve screwed up his mouth but continued his battle with the cooked-on cheese. “I just want you to know, Tony, that I realize how hard this is going to be for you.”
When Sam and Steve took the elevator to the conference floor, Steve found himself jittery and nervous. He felt like he stepped back into those 1940s draft rooms, trying to get someone to allow him into the Army. Sam raised a brow at him and smiled. It wasn’t something that Steve could interpret on the best of days. Entering the conference room floor, Steve surveyed his surroundings. It surprised him. Nothing about it felt like a conference room, not like the SHIELD rooms or the briefing rooms he sat in during his time in the Army. This was something different entirely. It looked more like a living room but with a large low sitting table in the center that had a round half globe set in the middle of it. It was all chrome and glass with comfortable orange leather chairs spaced around the center table. Tony already sat in one of the orange chairs as did Bruce. Next to Bruce was Natasha who Steve greeted with a hug and a slight kiss to her cheek. It was good to see her again even though her soul bled a kind of loss to him.
Steve muffles his reply. He studies Tony, still clad in the armor. No backpacks at all. “You lost the backpacks?”
He can almost see her eyes roll. “Okay, Stark. Have a good time. Don’t over do it. I don’t want to see you or Cap walking funny when you get back.” She disconnects and Tony seethes.
“I might have a few anxiety attacks; I might have a few sleepless nights. It’s there and I will deal with it, but I don’t want it to ruin my time with you. And it has nothing to do with the fact the Widow’s Brothel has a contract with you. I want this time to be memorable and I want it to be memorable for the right reasons.” He touches his forehead to Tony’s. “Can’t we just relax for a bit and forget it happened?”
Looking down at Steven, Tony tries to quell the alpha rage that boils at the surface. Sometimes these days, he feels like he is of two minds when it comes to Steven – he wants so much to know about, to be close to his omega, but at the same time he understands the decorum of the day. It isn’t about romantic love but a strategic requirement. His tutor and mentor Estane drilled the idea of the caste system into his head. Why does this omega make him question everything?
That’s incredibly perceptive and also very thoughtful. Tony swallows down the coffee as his heart wants to skip in his chest. It’s playing games with him. It’s whispering lies and wishes to him.
“My Lord Dany Carbonelli had no issues with my services as his omega or as his warrior.” He smirks at Tony, gives him a look up and down and then raises an eyebrow. “I assure you you will not have issues, either.”
"And pass over that ass? Rumlow may not like sloppy seconds but I ain't particular. And last I saw you got a raging hard on even after he sucked you off."
Words failed to comfort. Steve turned to their astral projections, worked through their soul bond to offer strength and support to Tony as he wept in his arms. The memories shared through the bond, while horrifying, were something that Steve could make sense of – he could offer solace and also logical explanations. The vision given to Tony by the Maximoff twin – that was ground that Steve never tread upon in his life. Sure, he was part of a metaphysical soul pack, but that didn’t lend itself to a deeper understanding of these visions. If they were visions. Were they just something simple – like a nightmare fantasy? Or was Steve dealing with some prediction of the future?
“Are you sure he’s your Omega. I hear that his gland isn’t functioning, that he hasn’t been bonded for some time. Since the abduction. Rumor has it that he’s gone through a heat without you.”
Tony has drifted away from the Syns and, when he sees Steve free, beckons him to join the group he’s conversing with at one of the high tables. Tony grabs his shoulder and presents an older man with sparse hair and wire framed glasses. “I’m proud to introduce you to Doctor Abraham Erskine. He’s working with the SSR for advancement in the Fleet.”
“I need to know if you’ll agree to support my claim,” Tony says. “We’ve talked about it. Walked around it, but we haven’t actually gotten to the meat of it.” He glances at Steven who keeps his sights on each one of the members at the table. His eyes are keen and his concentration doesn’t waver – it is a wonder to behold considering he spent the morning being punished. “I have the best fleet, the best fire power. I own most of the factories and planets that produce the fire power.”
Natasha examines the two supine figures on the twin gurneys. It would be better if Bruce were here to monitor their vitals. Even with all the equipment scattered through the room, hooked up to Rogers and Stark (she had to think about them this way otherwise the flaking pieces of her that had started to peel away would crumble and fall), it still isn’t enough to give her peace of mind.  Inwardly she curses Bruce and Thor since both of them have abandoned the Avengers. Well, that isn’t fair, Bruce left her. She cringes and picks up her gaze to look at the other conscious occupant of the room.
Steve hops off his stool and shakes his head. He rubs at his eyes. “If I don’t get at least a shower to wake me up you’re going to have gibberish for code. Please, Tony.”
The images flicker over his brain and he flies, soaring over the twilight landscape below. HE searches for something, someone and someone lost. He tries to track his missing half soul with the HUD, but then realizes there is no suit, no armor, no HUD. He’s flying freely. He’s a bird, dark feathered and mesmerizing in the evening light. He lands near the edge of the stream he knows well.
Tony bent down and said softly, “You can keep your eyes closed. You don’t have to do any of the crap he says anymore or any of them. You don’t have to do this.”
“How can that be when I’m driven by the same biology, the same tenets, learned the same jaded history all the rest of the alphas learned?” Tony bites at his lips. “But the truth is, at least I see it, right? I’m better than the best of the lot, I suppose.”
Steve tightens his lips into a line. Giving his name allows Odin to pick apart Steve’s place at Tony’s side. “I’m only a personal assistant to Prince Anthony. I’m of no consequence.”
“We actually call it a Quin Jet. It was originally part of the SHIELD deployed Fleet, but it had some operational issues. But I fixed those, spiced up the design so it wouldn’t look so utilitarian, and now they’re mine, though Fury wants them back.”
“Wanda, I think Wanda,” Steve answered. He laid his chin against the top of Tony’s hand, quietly petting his hair.
“I missed you in there.” Steve joined Tony at the fence line and glanced out at the fields, the trees beyond and the rolling hills. “Could you do this? Could you consider just leaving it all and doing this – like Clint?”
“Steve,” Tony whispers as more of the bruises lighten and fade before Tony’s eyes. “What’s going on?”
“I thought you wanted it,” Clint commented as he started to round the nursing station. Tony had no other choice but to follow. “That’s what I heard anyway.”
Once the nurse leaves, Tony wanders around the room. He picks up things like the television remote, the cup for Steve’s water, the bed pan. “You know, you’re officially on suicide watch.”
Distracted. The starry projections of their astral bondings distracted Steve from the pressure. Tony thought, for a moment, that Steve might use it to avoid intimacy, but he was wrong. Steve slipped his hand to cradle Tony’s head and fitted their mouths together as if they were made for each other, as if the universe’s machinations finally slotted together. It felt too right to deny any longer and Tony devoured the taste and feel of Steve. He wanted more and Steve welcomed him. Even as they clung to one another, Steve quaked under Tony’s hands.
“Nope. Suppose I’m not beautiful.” Steve quakes under his touch like a string being plucked on a violin.
“Yeah, I think so.” As Steve gathered up the pillows and blankets, Tony closed the door and found a bolt to lock it. Steve placed the linens on the floor, retrieved the cushions from the couch, and then pulled out the bed. It sagged in the middle and promised a helluva back ache tomorrow, but it looked glorious to Steve. “I’ll make up the bed for us.” He wanted to do something because his heart took loops in his chest that caused his hands to quake and his breath to catch.
He makes love to Steve. He makes love to this mystery, this man who always gives to him. He knows he shouldn’t love a sex worker, a prostitute. Why would he? They don’t know one another – not really.  But he wants to show Steve some kindness, and Tony could never deny his own feelings. Not really.
Bruce shrugs and runs a hand through his tangled hair. He always looks besieged but that’s the nature of the beast he holds within him, Tony supposes. “Shouldn’t we wait to hear what Logan has to say?”
“And Natasha came, through the dimensions. She came and we all left. She couldn’t bring the humans through the dimensions. But Clint was there.  I don’t know how. Or what. But he was there. We went to the roof. I didn’t want to go there. I wanted to go to the garage, get a car.” Tony shook his head and wrapped his arms around himself. He looked small and defeated. “You were so weak. So pale. Ashen really.” His words grew quieter, nearly mumbled.
“Don’t go where I can’t follow,” Steve whispers. His hand strokes up and down Tony’s scarred side. “Wherever we go, from now on, we go together.”
Tony grabs it and places it on the cutting board. “You’re helpless.” He begins to slice the cheese. “You’re not my personal assistant to take care of my feelings, you know.”  He knows his voice sounds strained. He’s brittle, ready to break. In less time that he can calculate right now, he’s going to lose his sight entirely. He won’t be able to stand the headaches anymore and Strange’s weird experimental procedure has less hope than wishes. “I can handle it. I’ve been handling it for 10 years.”
“Sometimes that woman defeats me. I don’t know how Thor grew up with her. Half of her words of wisdom are puzzles.”
Just what they would encounter in the old labs in the middle of the continental divide puzzled Tony. He had quizzed Pepper because he trusted her implicitly with every aspect of his life. He’d even tried to beg off going on this adventure, but she’d convinced him. She’d told him that they needed him, his expertise and critical eye. No one ever told him he had a critical eye before, so she swayed him with that argument. Tony knew his tendencies for adoration might be a little out of control. He gave into her too easily and he needed to keep that in check. Mooning after a woman in love with another man did no one any good. He assuaged his hurt heart by going out with several different prospects. None of which stuck. Hammer pursued him but that was just nausea inducing. The last few months Tony lived like a monk and in some respects like a hermit and he perfected the arc reactor, replacing the palladium core before it went toxic to him with a new element he’d discovered. All was well with Stark Industries.
Steve smiles. He remembers a time that Peggy once said that to him. He went to his doom knowing it was the best thing to do. He’s  always tried to do the right thing. And now he’s not sure what that is anymore. Right now, he’s going to do what is best – again. What is best for everyone – and entanglements is not one of them. “This is for the best.”
with my mate. And I especially am not going to stand for her implicating Steve in betraying us. He would never do such a thing. Ever. For Christ’s sakes, he’s Captain America!”
“Steve, one thing you have to realize that working for me, you need to know how to deal with media. Social media, news media, whatever. They are always after me. I’m a part time celebrity. Not by my own doing, but by the fact I’m successful and my dedication against violence.” Tony settles at the foot of his bed. He removes his shoes. “You’ve been invaluable to me with your artistic and technical insights with the implant. Even though we haven’t solved the problems with it, I’m farther along than I would have been without you.”
“No, but I do know he manipulates and uses, takes the advantage when he can,” Steve says. “He knew I’d never let Bucky die.”
With a prod, Steve shifts around and looks at Tony. His eyes are bright and clear, his features twisted with pain.
Tony forced one foot and then the next; his heart like hammer in his chest. He studied Steve for any sign of wakefulness. Steve’s face was battered, split, and bruised. His brows stayed furrowed even in rest. His mouth was slightly parted. Tony glanced down at his abdomen where the compression packs held Steve together and something trembled through Tony. It reverberated in the bonds through him and into the man who called him Beloved. Tony shivered. A nausea roiled but he kept it back.
“That’s not going to happen,” Tony retorted. He’d spent the last year, shifting assets, hiding his people, getting ready for the fall out when he finally brought the Movement down. “Now get out of my way and let my people work.” He knocked Rumlow in the arm and stepped aside to speak directly to Happy. “Get down there and get that man out of the cell.”
Tony waits for Steve’s footsteps to dissipate, fade away before he collapses back on the couch into the cushions. Laying his head back, Tony remembers what Steve looks like, but his memories integrate the sensory experience from touch. Once he thought of Steve as a Greek god, but now – now something else. Something different happened. His fingertips feel electrified with the memory of the rough skin of his jaw, the perfect curve of his cheekbones, the brush of his long lashes. Under his touch, Steve is beauty personified.
Steve breathed in and concentrated, concentrated on the one word – iron. They used iron on Tony. Not a wooden stake through his heart. He wasn’t dead. Vampires could survive a metal skewer through the heart. Tony was fighting. The joy in that realization brought a smile to his lips, and then a kind of strange hysteria as the nanobots spread out, burning flesh from his abdomen. The skin bubbled up, peeled away, reddening and then charring. The sensation sent lances of pain as the nanobots set fire to his skin from the inside and his body shivered in response. Yet, all he could think of was Tony, fighting and not dying. He wasn’t giving up, he wasn’t surrendering. It offered him a place of solace as the hole in his belly grew and the blood smeared down his waist to his groin.
“So you got an angel husband floating around up in the sky somewhere, so you can’t be unfaithful to him or maybe an angel wife – that Natasha person, angel, whatever?” Tony says and the tension in his shoulders melts away. He’s firmly placed, not in the room, not willing to leave – yet.
Steve stops him. “Yeah, I saw it. All fabrication. Peggy never had to kiss me because I was frozen and sleeping like Snow White.”
Steve leaned forward and placed the drink on the table between them. He really didn’t want to do this. “As good as can be expected?”
“Please.” He settles back in his leather chair, leaning back with his feet on the desk. With this nonchalant attitude he’s sure to get her to leave. Pepper lingers for a moment as if she doubts him.
It’s big, profanely so. He lets out a breath. “Yes.” She’s taking care of him and he feels like she’s trying to ensure he won’t get hurt.
"Steve Rogers," he blurts out and feels his face flush red with humiliation. He's a fake and he hates himself.
“It wasn’t meant to be,” Clint said. At least he didn’t have his bow and quiver obviously strapped on to his back. “Are we ready? Where are we going? What time’s the flight?”
“Your quarters will be in the lower level of the fore section,” Tony says. “Where you are now. In times when I do not call you, you will stay there. You will also begin your training with my Master of the Fleet, Sir Jamison.”
He knows he shouldn’t break the training, not after spending so much time on it. How would that look? Yet, Steven is not his slave. Yet, what kind of independence does the man have at all? This was getting too complicated for Tony to worry about – he really needed to talk to Jamison or Pep.
The taxi pulls away and both Wong and Strange step up to join him on the sidewalk. They are about a half block from the crowded entrance. Even from their distance, Steve spots the flash of cameras. It’s lit up like it’s the middle of the day. People mob the main entrance to the mansion and large spotlight deluge the gathering with a flood of light. It occurs to him that he hasn’t paid much attention to social media in the last few weeks. Where the public stands on their assessment of Steve as Tony’s arm candy Steve doesn’t dare to hazard a guess, but he’s sure he’ll get a chance as they approach the red carpeted sidewalk area.
Delirious with heat, Steve salivates and moans. Before he has a chance to adjust to the length and thickness – because the alpha is larger, so much larger than he’s used to- the man starts to pump. He grabs Steve’s head as he pounds into him, not giving Steve a chance to perform at all.
“He was.” Steve found tears streaming freely down his own face. “I can’t even begin to imagine what horror he had to have gone through to do something as hideous as what he did to your mother.”
The words are halting, and torn as if rasped from a ragged throat. “Promised, promised. I did this for you. For you.” He staggers a step to the bench, barely staying on his feet. “Wish it would have taken me, too. Wish I was gone.” He nearly topples but catches the edge of the bench and sits down.
It’s not until later that evening when Steve escorts Tony back to his bedroom suite, that he’s alone with his boss again. As he opens the door and guides Tony into the room, Steve summons the courage to broach the subject. It feels a little like the first time he led a mission and he had to order his unit to sneak through enemy lines. “Tony, I wanted to apologize. What happened on that video was inexcusable. I shouldn’t have spoken to the reporter and I know I shouldn’t have said what I said. I hope you’ll forgive me.”
Steve smiles but then looks confused. “Hmm.” He drops the basket on the blanket and kneels next to it. Opening it, Steve digs through the items packed in the basket. He takes out forks, knives, plastic plates, cloth napkins, a cheese board, a cheese knife (which he examines as if it is a fascinating tool), and then starts pulling out one container of food after another. “I don’t know, but it looks great.”
Bruce protests. “No, Tony. Don’t. It’s not an emergency. I just want to eat my breakfast and do my med-. Are you even listening to me?”
“Come on, Hawk,” Natasha beckons as she picks up the bowl with the spent and bloody rags and bullet fragments. She moves past him into the hallway. “And I would be careful calling Loki a fool, that man is liable to mix up some of his special remedies to put in the town water. Or worse have you lapping at his heels like a dog in heat.”
“Great, good,” Tony replies, ready to clean out the scum, but thinking all the same, that this will be like any other trip. How often can he do this, how many weeks and months can he try.
“Fuck, man, you don’t have to get over it.” The elevator arrived but Tony moved into Steve’s path and put his hand up to stop him. “Peggy was important to you. You can be upset. I’m telling you that.”
“Sure,” Bucky says and he’s expression warms notably. It’s almost enough for Steve to relent and announce to Bucky that he has the job as second deputy, but he doesn’t.
Two of the soldiers join the leader while the captor near Tony grabs him and shoves him back to his knees. The two soldiers that now stand on either side of the leader wait for his cue and, when they get it, proceed to beat Steve, first with the butt ends of their assault rifles and then with their boots when he falls over. He cannot fight back, if he does Tony will be shot and then the whole exercise will be for naught. He won’t risk another life for his wings.
Tony orchestrated it, but then each of the members of the pack brought together something stronger, something more beautiful, something united. Steve was their leader, their guardian, and his soul vibrated with their energies. Tony had often heard about religious people calling for lifting up someone in distress, but this – this was what happened. Throughout the service, each of them comforted Steve, each of them lent him their energy to hold onto the day and see it through to the end. Each of them offered and gave. As the service wound down, Tony lightly untangled the threads of their united soul to the individual ones and he watched as each of his pack members sighed a long exhale and then blinked as if coming awake.
The words mesmerize and Steve closes his eyes as the ocean sounds encompass him. After a pause, Tony says, “There you go. Just let your hips do the work. Now you lead me.”
Those words chill him. The Soul Keeper once discovered him asking questions of the servants about the demons and where the come from and why they are growing in numbers. The Soul Keeper forced him to spend the night in the forest. It turned cold that night, frigid and icy. He’d nearly died. Or so he thought.
She gestures to a wooden chair that's propped in the corner. He unfolds it and sits down. He drinks the offered lemonade. He knows Pepper would say it's expected and he's damned hot. Fury offers him little sugar cookies which are store bought but still sweet on his tongue.
“I am not subservient to you,” Steve says through clenched teeth; his hands opening and closing itching for that shield that he will never hold again.
Sam sliced the ham and cheese sandwiches. “That was a time of world war, when the world was ending. Humans will do anything to secure their place in the world, even making deals with the devil.” He raised his hand to ward off Steve’s protest. “Not saying vamps are devils. It’s just that belief systems take a long time to change.”
Steve did as Tony asked and then immediately shut them again. He must have fallen asleep and drifted into the dream space again. He willed himself to wake up, while at the same time dream Tony said, “Yeah, I think this might be real.”
“No one is in there to let us in?” Tony asked as he peered at the at least 9-meter-high wall. Shit that was high. What the fuck were they doing in there?
“For now,” Cho says, and she meets Natasha’s gaze as if to ask for a confidant, someone who will be on her side when she presents the idea of shutting the whole experiment down.
At that they adjourn with plans to go over specifics during the evening session after the formal dinner. They only have a few days to put together the details of their strategy but Tony believes they are off to a great start.
“What?” Steve sets out the jam, the syrup, and butter. “The Post Office is an essential service. And if anyone tells you different, they are full of beans. Plus, it’s loads cheaper than any of the corporate services.” He digs into his plate of pancakes and bacon. He’s actually layered the bacon in between the six pancakes.
“You can,” Tony says. “Tell me what you need. I have money. I have power. I can get you out of here.”
He glanced around, surveying the damage. Yet another floor he needed to renovate and fix. He didn’t really mind it too much and his brain already started to grapple with Hulk-proof equipment as Bruce appeared out of the back room where Tony knew there was a small lounge, kitchenette, and full bath. He had a towel around his waist and his hair was dripping wet.
Ultron always had a Pinocchio complex. When he designed and created Vision, his ultimate goal had been to occupy the mind of the Vision. Ultron lost that battle. Now, he’s inside of Steve, eating away at his consciousness, trapping him in some strange delusional reality.
“Tony Stark! Tony! Can you tell the world why you want to do this? Is this just another phase of you not accepting being blind?”
They call him soon after and he follows the nurse to Steve’s room. She opens the door and gestures for him to join his husband. He stalls at the entrance. Everything changes from now on. His alpha is an omega and his omega is his alpha. The first and last of everything he knows and desires. Everything changes.
He gets a room for Sam at the Parlor Inn, and no one complains. This is why he loves this little town on the brink of nowhere USA. When he leaves Sam to take his rest, his old friend brings him away from the commotion of the rowdy crowd.
“Not much, actually. It’s a crutch. I like to think I still have access to Friday.” Tony tucks it back in his pocket. He’s wearing a dark t-shirt, jeans, boots, and a flannel shirt. That last piece dumbfounds him. The number of times Tony’s accused Steve of being an old man in his flannels could fill a piggy bank with coins.
“I already have.” Fury stands his ground and his voice throws ice on any hope Steve has of wheedling out of the assignment.
Tony slide up and teased Steve as he waited and then slammed back down again. Steve moaned and tried to match the motion, but Tony captured him, sat on top of him, not letting him move. Their strength and power matched especially while Steve recovered from Tony’s previous feeding.
“Yeah we can have tea.” Tony grabs the kettle. “I’ll make it!” He fills the kettle and then goes to the cupboard he’s seen Steve retrieve some of their dry good. The only tea he finds is herbal. “Is this okay?”
Tony looks adequately subdued and Steve feels instantly ashamed. Verbal bullying is still bullying.  Before he can say anything, Tony responds, “Sorry, I shouldn’t have brought it up. You’re just so -.” He stops, stumbles over his words which Steve thinks is a new one for Tony, if he’s reading the man right.
Cities to Tony always symbolized innovation. But the truth about innovation is that just in the past century or so has it been widely accepted as something good. Innovation in the past had always been labeled heretical, something bad, something evil. Cities are not inherently bad, but they live – they have lives – they are born, they develop, they grow, they age, and they die. Tony’s not sure if Mumbai is still healthy or if it ever was. All he knows is that it’s hiding more than just its own mysteries, it’s also hiding Steve.
The race up the hill becomes more ridiculous by the moment as they clamber and scale as if in slow motion for a movie. Tony skids and slips bringing down Steve with him. He falls smack in the muddy slush on the side where he had the injured rib. It takes the breath out of his lungs, but he recovers quickly, and half drags Tony back to his feet. Without protest Tony manages to trudge forward, blasting the snowy path. Steve cedes the lead to him and turns to face their pursuer.
He stroked a gentle hand through Steve’s hair as he knelt at Tony’s side. The chaos of the scene around him exploded, but Tony kept his fingers tangled in his Submissive’s hair. Up until this moment in time, no one guessed that Captain America was a Submissive, especially not the fact that Captain America – the paragon of virtue – was Tony Stark’s Submissive.
“Obviously,” Tony agrees. He tinkers with it for a few minutes as Steve completes his task of engulfing the rest of his pancake-bacon sandwiches that are drown in syrup. As Tony works he asks, “Ever get tired to eating so much?”
Tony gathers him into an embrace and guides Steve’s head onto his shoulder. He whispers words of condolences because there’s really nothing more to be done. The territories where the Fleet can still safely travel will be searched, the rest? The rest is already lost. “I’ve got you. I’ve got you.”
“Yeah, Tony told me that you were taking a job with SHIELD, going to DC.” When Bruce met his gaze, Steve recognized the same disdain that he’d seen in Tony’s expression.
Tony had picked up the drive then and brought it back to the lab. There had been some distractions along the way – a little problem with Hammer and his pet Vanko turned sour and Tony along with Rhodey had to mop up the mess. By the time, he finished clearing out Vanko and Hammer, the meeting in the doughnut shop felt like a distant nightmare. More than once he thought he might have dreamed it up or hallucinated it from the poison running through his blood at the time. Little things told him he was wrong though, not least of which was the damned thumb drive.
It’s Clint’s turn to roll his eyes as he follows her out of the bedroom. In the distance Steve hears Clint state, “Doesn’t matter much, won’t have any water left once--.”
He’d be damned if he followed any of Rumlow’s orders, but the chains above him loosened and the ones at his ankles yanked him so that he had no other choice but the follow the direction. Kneeling, he panted through the agony from the twisted joints. The serum made rapid work of such a minor injury but the burns on his torso grew with every passing second, and his skin flayed off, blackened and charred. A never-ending firebrand devoured him from the inside out. He blinked away the tears, trying to focus on Rumlow.
Steve gives him a bashful grin. “Sorry I didn’t know the formula of the Pym particles. I did try and infiltrate Thanos’ fortress but that didn’t go so well. I figured he must know how to do Pym particles since he got his whole army here from 2014.”
“No, of course not, I wouldn’t want you to – if you don’t feel comfortable,” Tony says and he cannot help it, but it hurts. He deserves it, though, the way he must treat Steven – to train him to accept his place. He curses under his breath. “Perhaps, after our meeting today we might enjoy a dinner.”
“That’s a good thing, right?” Tony hated that part of him that bubbled up with his usual anxiety. For years Tony fought against the idea that his own self-worth depended on others’ view of him. That horrible gremlin reared its ugly head again as he sat in Steve’s arms.
The touch must startle because Steve only shivers in response, but then the bird ducks under Steve’s hand so that it rests on his little head. A strange noise, cracked and pathetic, comes out of Steve and Bucky thinks it might be some sound of surprise.  Steve rests his hand lightly on Redwing and Bucky can only hope it’s a sign that Steve understands who is here now, that they are going home.
“As you wish,” Steve says and he hurries Tony through the backrooms, listening for Tony’s directions.
He feels like he should have died, considering the jarring collision with the sand. Who would have thought that sand would be so hard to smash into? Not him. He sits there, half buried in the crater of his meteoric rise and fall. His head rings and the world around him blurs in and out. He smells the grit of it, the sand and his blood mixed together. His bones sing with the echoes of his collision. Intellectually, Tony knows he should get moving, find shade, search for some way to save himself. But that’s just it, for so long Tony’s depended on his wealth and notoriety to rescue him. It hasn’t rescued his soul, but right now, he isn’t sure that matters. He climbs to his feet and abandons most of the gear from the armor.
Tony glances around and doesn’t recognize where they are. “Hey.” Bruce said Wakanda, but his brain is slow and thick.
“God, yes,” Tony said. The acceptance spread through him. He hadn’t considered the small personal consequences of who they were out in the world. Sure, they could walk freely in Wakanda, but nowhere else. It freed him inside and his soul sang in celebration. “I hadn’t even thought of that.”
Just as he's about to turn the corner to slip inside, two huge guys come out of the building. Tony ducks to the side and waits. One of the men licks his lips and smiles as the other zips his fly.
“Bonded. I want to talk bonded,” Steve added. Invoking the bond meant something stronger, truer than before. He reached out his wrist, his forearm where her insignia marked him.
Brushing away the curls from falling into Tony’s eyes, Steve whispers, “I wish you were right.” His shoulders sag. “Let’s go.”
“No, we know what soul packs are. Just tell us what science has been able to piece together.” It couldn’t be a shit ton because of the way soul packs kept to themselves. Like the Amish. If Amish were soulers or whatever the hell they were called.
“Yeah. Soon.” In actuality, he feels like he needs to sleep for a week. The mind game of reality mixes and distorts. Part of him knows about his healing factor and the other part sticks in the past where he’s 98 pounds soaking wet and coughing up a lung because he’s soaking wet. None of that doubt helps him recover in this dreamed up world.  He needs to focus on something else.
Tony wants to growl at her. She knows full well that Steven might not be ready for the task. “Let’s give him some time to adjust-.”
Every moment in the sun meant another piece of him destroyed. If his hands lost flesh fast enough, then he would be free, but that made no sense because the thing on the cross next to him was still bond. It opened its lipless mouth at him and a stick like tongue flailed. He gagged, and more blood burbled out. No matter how hard he tried his efforts were fruitless. The sun shined down and peeled away his flesh leaving the muscle exposed, but soon that burned. His nerves screamed as the agony set him in a haze of never-ending pain.
When Sam arrives, Steve only has a short time to discussion the situation with him and to find out how his life has changed. With a slap on the back and a smile, Steve leads Sam into his office.
“Well, I don’t but come on. What’s that?” Steve tilted his head and then with a smirk and a wink he pounced. He nuzzled at Tony’s neck, just in the tiny place between his shoulder and ear that made Tony giggle uncontrollably.
Tony pulls on the boots that came with the whole getup and snaps on the gloves. “You know this is ridiculous. We can’t both fit on that thing.”
Tony considers him as the split sides of who he is war inside. Youth was so much easier. He played, and he played hard. He fucked his way across the universe, drank and got high enough to ride the hyper-scape without a damned ship. He thinks he killed off half of his brain, but in the end he came home to roost. The bottle and a drink has been part of his life for a good long time. He might walk away from it for a while, but he always comes back. Steven might call it the devil, but Tony considers it his guardian angel.
In the end, Steve allows Tony to have his secrets. He deserves to have whatever he wants. Steve knows heartbreak. He’s mourned a world before, so letting Tony walk the path ahead of him, letting him lead and Steve follow is the least he can do at this juncture. Later, after all is said and done and they’re standing in front of Ross to accept whatever reprimand or punishment the world decides might be their due because of Ultron, Steve plans to stand with Tony. He won’t let him down again.
“And no one ever will. I will resurrect and live again because of your pitiful souls. I will have the power of all souls trapped here at my disposal. I will control the power of life and death.”
Tony smiles. He leans forward plucking the stem from Steve and then lazily licking away the stain. “I told you, brilliant.”
Steve nods and then sinks down onto the cushions of the bed. “I think I’d like to rest for a while.”
“Yeah.” Steve lifts the portfolio. “There’s some issues with the coloring on the back pages for some reason. You might want to take a look. I made some comments on printed and electronic copies.”
Tony tried to fathom what he wanted from Steve. Sure a soul bond as part of the Avengers team would have been nice, but did he want it for the prestige? It couldn’t be - because Steve and SHIELD didn’t advertise it at all. So what role did he hope to have defined by Steve? Sentinel? Warrior? Friend? Lover?
“You’re a little demanding, aren’t you?” Tony asks and then he places his hands down on each of Steve’s slim shoulders. He hovers over Steve. “Tell me what you want? Tell me how you want it.”
Steve knows that Odin is trying to make amends for his offhanded insult, but his attempt makes things worse. He decides to ignore Odin’s gaff. “No bother, sir. I’m just surprised you know anything about the Beyonds. I didn’t think that Asgardians paid much heed to human affairs.”
Steve considered whether Thor might be playing him but decided to take it at face value. He thumbed behind him. “You want something to eat? I was going to make something.” Steve couldn’t remember the last time he ate, and he was famished.
“Lord, this is beige,” Tony said and then tossed away the idea of Steve’s apartment as if it was a throwaway like everything else in society these days. “So I thought we could get this over with and not have to deal with SHIELD’s shit.”
“Forgive me my manners, ma’am,” Steve says and studies each of their faces. They are genuinely amused but not due to his awkwardness but more toward Stark’s performance.
It’s one of the reasons Steve ended up out West, that and the fact he wanted to hide from his own needs, hoping that hard work would burn out his deviant ways. He goes to the pot-belly stove and places a tin coffee pot on it, setting up the old beans to use again. He pulls apart the tin metal sieve and mixed up the crushed beans. He sets it up with the water and then throws another log on the fire to help the coffee percolate.
She smiles and shakes her head, her long hoop earrings swaying as she does. “No, that’s not how we do it here. This is a retreat for your needs. This is not an auction and you are not going to a block.”
He rethinks his assessment as soon as they hit the trail. They have to lose the pack horse, there’s no way for the pony to get through the rugged terrain. He slips down off his horse and walks to the pack horse. Tony watches him, not asking. He may have come to the same conclusion. On a fair day, Steve would have led the pack horse down to the water, but with the jagged rocks, and a wet slick path, the horse will only be a hindrance.
He would say goodbye to the sun, to Sol and all of the warmth and light of heaven. Instead he would welcome the veracity of night and its potency. Stepping forward, Steve fell. He fell through the ages, he fell through the darkness, he fell through the light. He fell into the stars.
“What do I do?” Steve sighs. His bones feel like jelly; his muscles like noodles. He’s never going to have the strength to get up again, to walk again, not with this weight wrapped around him.
“Well, let’s not have that happen to you,” Steve said. He squeezed Tony’s hand, said his ‘goodnights’ to Natasha and Clint and then headed toward the bedroom. Tony didn’t protest.
“I’m pretty sure they’re not-.” Steve said, but Tony wasn’t listening. It was his turn to race around the living room.
“Bruce is not going to be happy,” she said as she lifted a chin to acknowledge his injured hands. “You know he can feel what you do to yourself. We all can, but Bruce especially. You have to take care of yourself. Be careful for him.”
Steve glanced around his living room with the high backed chairs and the phonograph that not only played what they called vinyl these days, but also doubled as a MP3 player, a CD player, and a smart access point for the entire apartment.
“Okay, okay,” Tony says after considering their proposal. “It’ll have to include some other pieces. But we can work on the agenda-.”
“Well, we’re all sitting out here waiting on the final word. Can’t tell you much about the current situation, classified and all that. Can tell you I miss being home, and I miss you. Don’t fuck up your new assignment on Prime. Can’t wait to tell everyone I know a Residential Artist now. Take care and stay safe you bozo!”
“You bastard!” Tony yelled and stalked closer, only Steve’s body stopped him.  The anger emanating from Tony tainted the air. “You’re not my Brother. Do you understand me? You’re a murderer, a killer.”
“I’m part of that, I’m sure,” Tony replied and stepped closer. “This is going to be difficult for us no matter what we promise or what we say.” Steve didn’t immediately answer. Instead he focused on scrubbing the pot in the sink. The muscles of his bicep worked as he cleared away the burnt food.  His concentration drew Tony to his side. He placed a hand on Steve’s shoulder.  “What’d that pot ever do to you?”
“Bucky, I’m still the same person. I swear it. I swear it.” Tears welled in his eyes as he tried to reason with Bucky, as the ache in his belly exploded and he struggled to stay on his feet.
“There is usually a clause, yes. But the prince asked for it to be removed. I told him I would remove it only if he specifically asked for your entire time during the week and that he pay you directly extra for it.” Natasha waits for it to sink in and then says, “Any other questions.”
Tony studies the man. “I will take care of you. I am a prime alpha. You are lucky that the bond took. Things will change. I want to change things.”
Steve enters the bedroom, gently depositing Tony on the bed. It is a queen but extra-long. There are too many pillows and a plush duvet that he wouldn’t want to ruin in light of what they might be doing next. “Do you have- I mean if you’re interested, we’ll need lube.”
Someone must have been in a hurry to convert the stone fortress to something more modern but what they ended up with seems like a chimera of the two that don't fit together.  He recalls the map of the place. Nothing fits together well and he discovers parts of the fortress crumbled and decayed. More than once he comes up to a dead end but not because he made the wrong turn. It's due to the disrepair of the place. As he rounds a corner though he hears the alarms screech and the lights flash warnings of intruders. He doesn't know if they realize he's on the grounds but he hurries his step along anyway.
“I told you the other day that I’m not – I’m not going to be like that. That I made a promise and I intend to keep it.” The whole time he speaks, he concentrates on stirring the milk on the low flame.
“I think that you have to realize, Captain, that we’re not talking about people anymore.” Pierce gave him a half smile. “I can feel for you because things are changed, different than the war.”
“The dock. That you nearly fell in. That’s on me. I should have been more careful.” He checks the program and the box pops up that states the download was successful. “Looks like the download checks out. Says it’s successful.”
He catches Rhodes expression and he clearly does not approve of the pairing. He telegraphs his displeasure to Steve, and something else – Steve nods in understanding. He’ll talk with Rhodes and Pepper who has stepped to the side of the former First Patrol officer and shows concern.
It’s a long ride to the clinic and Steve’s anxious. Pepper’s presence in the back seat just serves to stress him more. When he tries to address the issue, Happy braces his hand and shakes his head. He mouths ‘not now’, and Steve shuts up. They arrive at the clinic and Tony’s ushered away before Steve can even get a glimpse of him. He follows Happy with Tony’s bag slung over his shoulder. He climbs the stairs not really seeing all of the medieval artwork and historical medical devices. He remembers them from the last time they were here. It all looked so horrific. He keeps his eyes down and follows the shuffle of Happy’s feet nearly bumping into him when they stop in a large salon with chairs that look like they are right out of the European Renaissance. He wants to ask where Tony is, but then a door opens, and Pepper joins them in the waiting room. She sees him and her expression hardens. Before she can say anything, a man in an Air Force uniform rushes into the room.
“Isn’t that kind of weird? Why me and Steve?” Bruce said and he curled his lip as if he still didn’t believe his cursed luck.
Jarvis. Great – that man hates Steve. He splashes some water on his face, dries, and then goes to the door. “Yes Jarvis.”
Steve stood in the doorway with a towel again and glanced at the wound on his nipple and back at Tony. “I don’t have tits. And it will be healed within a day.”
“Why don’t we,” Tony starts then clasps Steve’s hand in his again. “Why don’t we both take the day off. You suggested I take the day off, why not both of us. We can just explore the station, go have popsicles again, eat lunch.”
Of course, Steve never smoked before Project Rebirth, but everyone else did. His doctor told him to try it – it would help his asthma, train his lungs, relax him. It did the opposite. Once he went through Project Rebirth, the world opened up and he accepted cigarettes as if they were candy bars. His lungs were beyond reproach, nicotine and tar could do nothing to sully them. As he sat there with Bucky, Steve inhales deeply and lets the smoke swirl around him.
“Bet you love this,” Bucky replies and closes his eyes, his brow furrowed and speckled with perspiration.
She looks him up and down and then checks out Wanda. With a wave of her scanner, she reads his implant. “We don’t serve your kind here. Go back to the consignments.”
Steve notices the small switch and, with a great sigh, he flips it. The arc of lightning throws Steve yards off of Tony as the battery shocks the device in his chest. Blue arcs of fire shoot out of Tony’s chest and he howls in response.
“I might say some people can be pricks and useless goons like Rumlow, but I have to believe you’re out there risking it all for humanity because we have potential, we have purpose, we have possibilities to be good, to be better. I do what I do to make that possible.”
“That’s not true and you know it,” she said, and a hand touched his arm to turn him around. He followed the gentle direction and gasped as he saw her.
Tony’s mouth is on his, exploring and begging entrance. A moan escapes him as he allows the prince to push toward him, tongue tasting, teeth nibbling. Steve grasps onto Tony, trying to balance them so they don’t topple over but the sensation, the thrill of Tony’s tongue hunting him, pursuing him conquers him and he arches into the feeling, crying out as he does.
Steve strokes his hands down Tony’s side, holding him right at the small of his waist where he’s most sensitive. Hiking up his t-shirt, Steve leans down and kisses a small line down, following Tony’s Adonis’ belt. Tony squirms a bit and then Steve’s peeling away his jeans and suckling at his skin below his navel, teasing his erection.
Steve smiled and then offered his hand. “I can give you protection. We can give you protection. One of the reasons I’m going to New York is to bring the team and the soul pack together.” For the first time since he set out, he accepted it as truth. “I can’t promise you the soul pack will bond with you. I can’t. But I sure as hell want you on my team. If we do bond, I can tell you that I am dedicated to the pack. I want it to work. It’s a safe place to land, outside of SHIELD. And I can assure you it isn’t Hydra.”
Covering his head, he endures the beating a Tony continues to beseech their capturers. “Please, look I’m building it. I’m working on it. I need some more supplies. Look, god damn it to hell, I’m doing it.”
It occurs to Steve that Tony is actually attempting some civility, giving Steve the choice, the ability to say no. He doesn’t want to say, no. He wants to plunge in and forget how singed his soul will be.
“Yes, I did, and maybe you can sit back, relax a little, and pretend I’m not about to interrogate you,” Tony said.  Steve tensed his shoulders, but then flexed his hands as he shifted, attempting and failing to lighten up. Tony twisted his mouth and raised an eyebrow. “This is more than just coming over to say thanks.”
“Omegas have feelings, too.” Or that’s what he’s heard. The only time he ever really interacts with omegas has been during an urgency cycle. The mating blocks have scores of the drones. Doesn’t matter, they sell themselves either way. The only good omega is a warrior omega.
As he hurries after Redwing, Bucky glances down at Steve. The Jedi moans with low despondent noises. Steve paws at him in what Bucky can only equate to someone begging, beseeching for mercy. He says, “You’re free, Steve, I’m not him. He’s not here with you.”
He started to whisk the eggs. “You know, life is pretty different now, and I’m not just talking about the soul pack.”
Tony looks him over and, while the injuries have dissipated somewhat, they are still substantial. “The woman, that woman, did you know her?” He tugs Steve over to the cot, gets him on wobbly feet to stand and finally then fall into the bed. He grunts as he drops on to his back.
Tony takes a wet cloth and dabs it along Steve’s forehead. “You don’t understand. You cut out the nerve stem. You’re lucky you didn’t die instantly. There’s a reason people don’t cut out their glands, you know. I don’t care what crap you found on the internet. That’s all fantasy.”
"Yes ma'am that'd be nice." He really doesn't want any lemonade but he figures he should be open to it. He needs to make a good impression.
but doesn’t voice the name, because in the end Bucky’s right, always right. He can’t say Tony’s name, he can’t face what happened between them. He’s lived as a monk since they separated as if he’s waiting for Tony to waltz back into his life and sweep him into their dance again.
The woman smiles. "Agent Maria Hill, glad to have you with us. You'll be meeting the rest of the team on the Helicarrier."
Tony glanced around and then asked, “JARVIS, could you pull the data on soul packs? Answer Bruce’s question.”
“I just.” Tony shivers. “I’m no damsel in distress, but hell that was fucking distressing. I haven’t ever had this happen before. Early on, kind of, but not now.” He puts his hand to his forehead. “Can we just leave?”
This was a stand alone story that I posted as a WIP. Eventually I deleted the story because of lack of interest on the readers part and my waning interest in finishing it as well. Some people asked if they could have a copy of it, so here it is. My attempt at a Western.
In whisper into Tony’s ear, Steve says, “Who said I was a virgin.” And then he thrusts the shield down the slope.
Once he talked about it. As Steve lowered himself onto Tony and then rocked in a slow, agonizing motion, Tony gulped for breath and dreamed out loud.
“Oh, the let’s take a walk speech,” Tony had said, chagrin on his face. “What exactly do you want to break to me, Steve?”
“Don’t move, you’re just getting over an infection and you’re still weak.” The bleary face above him reminds him of someone, but then his brain hasn’t functioned on all cylinders since Yinsen. He grimaces. He promised himself not to think of him, not now, not ever.
"I don't know who you are," he says. "I'm not even sure what my name really is." The name "Steve Rogers" teases at his tongue and he wants to say it, he wants so badly for it to be his name.
“Yes,” Thor agreed. “Much younger, more brutal. More unforgiving. It is what is needed in these days of turmoil. She will get the coven through this and we will be stronger for it.”
Steve leaves the bedroom and walks to the main room, where the mess miraculously has been cleaned or at least organized. Piles of wires, computer boards, smart crystals, and  other techno parts that Steve doesn’t recognize are all separated and places on a table to the side of the room. A few items still scatter over the floor. Steve spots the prince sitting at the table with a freaking glory of food on it.
“No,” Steve whispers. Natasha bashes the barrel against his temple. He sees stars but mercifully stays conscious.
“Better now.” Steve starts to sit up but Tony places a hand on his shoulder and firmly keeps him in place.
“Whoa there, Captain America, no need to go all superhero on me.” Tony grabs for Steve’s hand and catches it. “Let’s just pretend she was trying to be helpful like you said.”
Steve ripped at the helmet and managed to pull loose the faceplate. He tossed it aside and to reveal Tony’s bruised face. Black eye and cut on his cheek. Steve pressed the comm bud in his ear. “JARVIS give me some stats on Tony.”
“You didn’t need to use your cane. You just walked right to the cabin and locked the door.” Steve doesn’t move any further into the room.
Steve poked at the fire with the iron. “Once, when I was growing up we had this little tiny house. Only time I lived in a house, but we couldn’t’ always afford the coal, so sometimes we just used wood in the pot belly stove we had. Learned how then.”
“He hasn’t said anything. He hasn’t said anything at all.” Tony went over their conversations and nothing popped up. It had all been about love and getting through the current mess.
“They scrambled his brain. Made him forget along with using us as Guinea pigs to strip the soul bond. It worked to a degree,” Natasha said. “I could never reach out to him, but I could feel him. I knew him, in a way, on the causeway-.”
The story weaves further and he hears how the world fell into war again, but this time the war threatened to end all hope, all civilization with the rise of the Third Reich and the Red Skull. That name terrifies him, and a flash of the Soul Keeper warns him to not listen. Over the din of the pain gathering in his chest, Steve concentrates on Natasha’s story.
“What the fuck?” Tony quakes as he watches; he feels like a voyeur, that he shouldn’t be able to witness what he’s seeing.
Steve puts his finger on Tony’s lips. “That’s not necessary, Tony. I’m fine. I can take care of myself.”
Tony says nothing in return, simply nods, opens the bag, and snuggles down in it. It’s fiercely cold and the small propane burner warms a tiny circle around it. He moves away, allowing Tony access to the warmth. He stands up near the cockpit and watches the snow batter the jet.
“I don’t think we can do that, if we don’t have information about the Hub, we can’t automatically get there. I would have thought of that before we started this accursed journey.”
While Hill sent the encrypted data to him, Tony checked his phone and then issued a command to JARVIS. “This will be simple enough once we get one of the Legion heads.”
He reaches out to shift the thing away, but when he touches it, it feels like bone, and flesh, and – he can hardly believe it – feathers. “What the hell, Steve, what did they do?”
The grief pulsed through the bond and Tony read it, though the complexity confused him until he realized that Steve’s sorrow grew from his love for Bucky as well as his love for Tony. Steve said in a low voice, “You don’t have to come with us. If you need to sit this one out, we can deal. Somehow. Maybe we could call your friend in the air force in. But right now, I have to do this. Once we get him, I’ll bring him somewhere else. I’m sure that Fury and Nat know of safe houses where we can go.”
“Stop moving. Steve is supposed to be here in 15 minutes and we still don’t have you ready. I have to pull out all the non-disclosure forms and the additional documents for the contract yet.” Pepper efficiently whips the knot into shape. She tugs down his collar and smooths out his jacket. Pressing her hands on his shoulders, she announces, “There that looks good.”
“Hmm.” Steve puts his hands on his hips. Part of his job is to ensure the prince is well rested and him staying up all night staring out at the nebula alone is ridiculous and counterproductive. “Is it the same lounge the luncheon was served?”
Steve admits to himself he’s a little disappointed at that suggestion, but his job here is to ensure the prince’s happiness. He waits for the prince to sit before he takes the chair across from him.
Bucky shifts uncomfortably, not looking at Steve and scrubbing a hand through his tangled hair. “I – Nat told me I needed to tell you. I kind of got the short straw and all, but I never drew anything, so I think they just nomina-.”
“Digitalized. Great. Wonderful,” Tony said. Just what the hell kind of creature did his father create? Some kind of perversion. He blanched but managed not to puke.
“I mean it.” Steve stands up and drops the boxers. He’s insane, possibly the pain and the torture have worn his mind to a thin ribbon barely hanging on, barely keeping his thoughts tied together. He crosses to the door, toward the open air, and captures Tony’s hands in his, He brings them close to his chest. “I would do this for you.”
Steve nods because he truly wants to put Tony on his ship, in a place he can control. “Sure, I’ll see what I can do. If you’ll excuse me?” Steve moves off to leave, but Tony catches him in the vestibule of the suite.
Obie now puts his hands up in surrender. “I understand. Just know I have your best interests at heart, my boy.”
“Maybe, I don’t know.” Steve shrugged. He’d spoken a little about this with Natasha, trying to feel his way around the issue. All of his friends accepted him. Why couldn’t he accept himself? “I mean, Bucky set me up all the time, but it never clicked. I blamed it on being small and sickly. Then I got – well – you know this. And I ended up on tour with the USO girls.” He pressed the heels of his hands into his eyes. The explosion of light reminded him of the flash bulbs from all the cameras going off when he was on tour. He looked at Sam again. “I always felt like an idiot around those girls. Never really knew what to say.”
“Suit can handle that, right?” He doesn’t wait for an answer. He veers downward as Hunter aims directly at the cat. Tony impacts with the lion’s back. His shoulder panels open and he spreads a suppressing fire in the direction of the hunter at the same time he gets arms around his magnificent mane. “Lift us off, J!”
Tony’s expression turns to steel, his eyes tight, his mouth a thin line. “Yes. It doesn’t look good.”
Tapping his chin with his index finger, Steve asks, “Is there anything we can do about it? Like am I allowed to cancel anything?”
Leaning down, Tony whispers in his ear, “If they washed away, they wouldn’t be much use would they? Takes more than a simple bath to dissolve them.” He bites Steve’s lobe and then pulls away. He spreads Steve’s ass cheeks. “Good. Look at you dripping for me. The nanites respond to the person’s arousal. Didn’t I tell you that?” He slips a finger in and Steve shivers. “I wonder.” Tony doesn’t finish the sentence, instead he leans in and licks, plunging his tongue into Steve.
He seizes Tony’s hand and the pulse of energy tingles, and it borders on hurting. Tony accelerates up the hill. Steve only realizes after a few horrified minutes that he’s using the repulsor of his other hands to warm the snow and ice. The melted slush makes it easier to get through the snow but also leaves a slippery path for them.
Rogers snapped to attention and all the fear and cowering disappeared. The pain the light brought him forgotten as he focused on Tony. A wordless plea spoken with hope resided in those faded blue eyes. And Tony saw that face, distorted by the mouth restraint and pale, almost wan in color. As a child it was the face he clung to, wished for help from, it was the face of his hero. The distress, the torment, the agony marred his features, and yet when he looked at Tony, only hope existed. How could he engender such optimism in a man who knew nothing but the hell of human torture for nearly four decades? The pit of his stomach dropped and the crash of everything he would need to take on in order to save this man overwhelmed him. The world narrowed to just the two of them, and he saw, for the first time, both hope and dread before him – but not as separate paths, but as entwined like two vines vying for the sun. Which would live and which would die?
“No. You shouldn’t be.” Bruce still has his one arm in a sling. “His blood healed you.” He indicates the slumbering super soldier.
Somethings he will go the distance for, even if it means losing himself. He’d done it before, in the past, before he’d been frozen in purgatory, he will do it again. As Tony shows him, touches him, kisses him, Steve follows and braces as he feels the waves coming upon him. It isn’t the waves of the physical ocean, but the ebb and flow of the rapture. He seeks as Tony gives and he forgets to shy away from things that are dangerous, things he should not experience.
“Okay, I’ll take your lousy excuse for a team building exercise and do it as long as you promise that the next time you decide to jump off a building, you radio for help first. Sam, Rhodey, and I can’t always be there if you don’t tell us!” It’s one of Tony’s worst fears, that one day they will miss Steve. He didn’t include Thor in the list because they never knew when Thor was going to be around.
The man is beautiful and strong and powerful. Everything that Steve should want. He looks nothing like Tony at all. Which is a good thing. He’s taller than Steve by about 2 inches and that cows Steve somehow. His gut roils and he feels himself harden. His Wakandan dark skin tones are a complete opposite of Steve’s Irish lighter tones. He wonders how their bodies would look against one another- the contrast attracts his artist’s eye- and yet it sends him a little into his primal omega state. He likes it.
He spends a great deal of time going through all the different armor pieces, assessing the damage and trying to identify the actual event that caused such a catastrophic failure. JARVIS did report that the interface between the suit and the arc reactor implanted in Tony’s chest overloaded. In many ways, he’s lucky he didn’t fry with the suit. Before he continues his evaluation, he tugs off his shirt to examine the arc reactor. Blu picks up his head from where its laid on his paws to watch.
Steve pulls back for a moment; his eyes are wide and dark. “I want you, Tony, like I’ve never wanted anyone else before – but-.”
The prince looks him up and down. Never has Steve felt so vulnerable and exposed. “No. Thank you. I have work to do and you, well you can just sit and eat and drink.”
Part of their mission would include flying close enough to the partially constructed station to surveil it. The three of them had decided that the spying part of their mission would come secondary to the rescue part, especially after hearing Black Widow’s tale. The most intriguing part of her information came when she talked about the "dog" at Red Skull's feet. The description still twists his belly, the thought of Steve cowed and chained at the feet of the Sith Lord drives Bucky into a rage. According to the Black Widow, the Red Skull tied the Jedi to his side as a punishment.
Steve ignores him and yanks out his bag. He stuffs his clothes, the clothes that were perfectly good enough into his case as he rushes into the bathroom to get his other supplies. He sees the purse of applicators and brings it with him, tossing it on the bed.
“I’ll take a look but also at the halter, bridle, and saddle. I find a lot of the territorial wear is less than desirable, don’t you?” He winks at Steve which only causes Steve to cough and sputter. “Now, now, dear Sheriff, drink some coffee.”
“Well, first it might be nice if you started by calling him Tony,” Sam said as he folded his hands in his lap. “Second, gotta give him time. He has to come to realize that Bucky is not defined by some image. He’s a separate individual and should be accepted on his own merits.”
“You already got through the maze?” Steve asks. He’d thought Ultron told him that Tony was stuck somewhere at the end of the maze, that Steve had to rescue him. “How did you get free?” Maybe he’d been making assumptions based on what Ultron said. He ranks his brain. No. Ultron did not say Tony had the means to free himself. “You had the armor all this time?”
“I know we can never be more than alpha and omega, but I do hope you will see your way to being a friend one day,” Tony says and something aches as if he should already be this man’s friend, as if they should know one another not only physically but down to their very souls.
He steps into the room. Steve’s eyes are open and there’s a fear and a hope laced across his features. In that moment, Tony knows what his decision will be, what it will always be.
A flash of white again and he falls to the cot – a scream curdles out of his throat and he sees a man in a white armor, he sees stones of different colors, he sees a gauntlet powerful and terrible all at once. An arm on his shoulder jerks him out of the vision.
Steve had no idea that Tony sprung for so many toiletry articles. He thought the prince only bought lingerie and some other bedroom apparel and toys. Steve reaches out and picks up one of the bottles. He sniffs it and the fragrance goes to his head almost immediately. It surprises him because it’s not too much.
“That’s not true,” Tony says. “Omegas can’t. You’re infertile. I’ve read the biology. There’s no way-.” He stops.
Tony spins around, but he is not really a figure or shape. He is. He won’t find what he’s looking for by using his Earthly senses. He relaxes into the realm around him, the ocean of stars, the knowledge of hyper-dimensions. He sees his own avatar in the world, proud, intelligent, and curious. Corvid. A crow.
Tony’s temper hits him like a physical blow and he nearly staggers against its power. The alpha fury, the rage, runs through him and he forces himself not to strike back, not to beat him. “You are nothing but your gland, that is all. Get on your knees.”
Bruce shakes his head. “Like other Earths. Like other realities. He actually asked if it was possible for one person to cross between realities. Like go from universe A to universe B.”
“No,” Bruce said and pinched the bridge of his nose. “But we got him back and repaired it. That’s all that matters.”
One of the V-corps members stepped up to the vampire and nudged at his mouth. The camera zoomed in to show the fangs missing. Natasha cursed in Russian.
“Yes. He wants you as part of the crew today. Your role is to support him this week and therefore this week you are part of the Fleet.”
“You can’t keep going to the Arctic looking for his body. It isn’t going to happen. The company suffers every time you go. The stockholders have a right to know what the CEO is doing-.”
“Right there. Don’t do that,” Steve said. Adoration as wonderful as it was only provided him nothing but hollow relationships. “Just- just be the guy I talked to all night after I stopped by the VA.”
She leaves without a word. Tony pulls off his glasses and tosses them on the table as he faces Steven. “You have nothing to fear with me.”
At this, Tony thins his lips in a tight line, then he snorts and drops his head. Pressing the heels of his hands into his eyes, his wet hair dripping onto the soft carpet of grass, Tony says, “Because I have dossiers.” He meets Steve’s gaze. “On all the Avengers. I have dossiers that contain everything I know about the team members, and probably a little I don’t know, not aware of that is.”
“Then that’s settled. You can’t keep someone here without their permission, especially since the Pentagon sent Colonel Rhodes to ensure my safety. That means I need my husband.” Tony waits and Eggman shuts up. He leaves the room with a trail of medical staff following him like ducklings. “Well, that went well.”
It’s only a few more yards. He can make it. The winds pick up as if to deny them their victory. The rope whips against the cliff, twisting and smashing. He hears Tony curse as he hits the razor-sharp rocks. Steve stretches out with one hand and manages to grab the cliff side. He steadies them. Even in the gloves his fingers are numb while his face burns with the cold.
Scott is a goofy ball and Steve has no idea how he succeeds as a sex worker until he watches the women leave the pods laughing and smiling. Often times, Scott enjoys pranking the other workers and Natasha tolerates it. Steve’s surprised she has such a long fuse, but he suspects the fact that Scott keeps a certain sense of comradery in the ranks helps his case.
Steve volunteered to clean up and the rest of the team slowly exited to sit by the fire pit to relax in the haze of the late summer twilight. Tony lingered at the edge of the kitchen watching as Steve quietly washed the dishes, foregoing even cracking about the dishwasher open.
In the end, Steve feels like an insufferable idiot for questioning Tony’s motives. The truth of the matter is – he knows what Tony’s gone through – at least as a man who’s always felt he had to hide his feelings and his interest in other men. It’s obvious why Tony would escape the East to find his fortune out West. It isn’t about money but freedom. The West offers many things, opportunity is one, freedom is that other.
Steve grasps Tony’s hands. “No. I’m not seeing someone else, but I do have to go and do this right now. I’m sorry, Tony. This is my fault. I need to go.” He flees. He ignores Tony’s calls to stop him, but at the same time half hopes that the prince will follow him, race after him, sweep him in his arms, and ask him to stay forever.
“What kind of second chance is being dead?” The old anger backs up in his throat burning it with bile.
Again, Tony’s hands are on his face, gently stroking him. “No, Captain, don’t do that. Allow it to spread over you.” He wonders if Tony has some kind of ability to read his mind.
Lifting his mug, he says, “Enjoy.” He leaves and when he ends up in his workshop with the music blaring and his hands deeps into the chest of his next Iron Man armor upgrade the last few weeks slide away like skating over ice. Tony remains in his inventor’s fugue until JARVIS shuts down the music.
With her words his anger burns out and left in its place remains the embers of hope. He sees it clearly now. They’ve given him hope, they’ve saved him. They worked to save him for years. Steve bows his head and taps his temple as he paces the small garden. “You saved me, all of you.” He looks at them. “I have no right to anger. You searched for me for years and trailed me, hunted me until you could capture me and save me. All I can do is thank you.”
Once he walks through the doors of his mansion, Tony figured that the burden would lift, and he would feel a sense of calmness and serenity. Nothing could be farther from the truth. Instead, he has a Steve Rogers to deal with and a fake marriage to somehow get falsified so that he can ensure SHIELD or anyone else cannot whisk away said husband.
Steve slips in and Tony locks the door after him. The room isn’t spacious, but it has a double bed, a small table by the bed and opposite the bed is a flat screen television. Across the cabin Steve spots a door that opens to a cramped bathroom.
“Peggy.” Seeing her standing in the ensuite bathroom brought back the memories of their days long ago. The nights she would sit by the campfire with him, discussing life spent and the battles ahead. How she would talk of her hopes that vampires would be accepted after the war. They’d made major contributions especially for sabotage and night raids. The Howling Commandoes wouldn’t have been as successful without the assistance of the vampires in the unit.
“Well, then let’s start. I’ll see Vision in two hours,” Steve says. They all file out and Steve stands helplessly at the foot of the bed, gazing at Tony as he finishes keying in the download sequence.
Steve recognizes her from his delirium. Ringlets of wiry hair frame her face, a face warm and rich in color and texture. He wonders how many lives she’s lived.
“Prince Anthony designed the virtual reality emitters himself,” JARVIS says, and Steve thinks he detects a level of pride in the AI’s tone.
Frigga settles her gaze on him, reaching out her hand she takes his chin and stares into his eyes. “What do you feel in your heart?”
Standing up, he straightens his Commander’s uniform and says, “Doesn’t matter, he’s not part of my life now.”
Tony shakes his head and frowns. “Nothing about Ross. At least not that I know of anyhow. My heart showed some erratic beating – that’s all.”
“You want me bleeding and torn, fine, but then you deal with the consequences when it comes out you assaulted a member of the Escort Guild.” Steve waits and Rumlow processes. It takes too long and Steve rolls his eyes. “Are you ready or not. Because this is getting tedious.”
The filtered sounds of water currents answer him. Birds flitter in the air around him, lighting in the trees and singing. There’s no sign of Blu anywhere. Tony stands there, lost, alone, and the familiar feeling of despair encroaching upon him.
“How does it feel always like the first moment?” Steve moves to kiss Tony. His lips are firm but give way easily as they explore one another’s mouths.
Steve frowns – the man couldn’t have forgotten his name since they have the same first name. He does as directed and huffs a little to show his discontentment. Even in the low lighting, Steve catches a small glimmer of a smile on Tony’s lips, but it quickly dissipates as Strange leans in to check his eyes. Several minutes go by with Strange mumbling to himself. At first, Steve thought he was saying something to them but then quickly realized that the doctor has weird habits.  Once he’s finished, he pushes the equipment aside and nods to Steve, who flicks on the lights.
“Go,” Sam says as he grabs for Steve. “I’ve got this – go.” He holds Steve around the waist even as the Jedi flails and screams out a muted cry when Bucky leaves. Bucky closes down his emotions, now is not the time.
“That is not funny, especially since I’m hurt. You should be ashamed of yourself.” Tony gets up again and dusts off. Glancing over at Blu he sees the lion hang his head and lift his paw. Maybe he was some kind of circus animal at one time? He seems trained and he understands directions. “No big deal. Just be careful. That landing we took yesterday hurt.”
Tony drops his gaze, not meeting Steve’s accusing one. “We knew.” He looks up at Steve and holds out his empty hands. “You have to believe us we didn’t know, not really. Until Heimdall explained to us.”
He stripped and got the shower running. He stood under the powerful heads(because he had four – why wouldn’t he?). The water hit him and he grew numb from it. He stared down at his penis and wanted to call it a traitor because what the hell was going on? Taking in a deep inhalation, Tony decided the best thing to do was to chant the damned Mantra and see the Caped Wonder the earliest he could.  He needed to get this soul bond shit under control and get some finesse to his understanding of what Beloved meant.
Bruce grabbed him, steadying him so he wouldn’t pitch over onto the floor. “Are you okay? Do you need to-.”
“I believe he should have been found.” She lowers her gaze. “At one time, we gave up and thought we would leave him to his grave. But there were those who never would, because Steve had something they desired. And some desires make men wicked.”
Clint leaned in, whispering quietly in the nearly empty train car. “I know. I understand that. I went through two years of shrinks getting in my head to tell me that. But then I find out the shrinks were Hydra. Shit, I don’t know what to think. I don’t know who to trust. I can trust my boss because he did something for me that no one else did. I can trust Nat, because she ensured it.”
“Half of it is feedback,” Bruce said and he sat up straighter and brushed off his hands. “Yep, that’s you. Most of it is you. How noisy your own mind is will dictate how much feedback and noise you get. The rest is the whispers of your pack. Now I use a certain meditation technique, but I know that Nat and Steve and probably Peggy have been schooled on the accepted Mantra methodology.”
Each step, each moment, of the next hour became a trial. Tony could not imagine any universe where the team, Steve’s pack, his family wouldn’t accompany him and hold him up. As a pall bearer, Steve held rigid but his expression betrayed him. The ruin reverberated through the bond. Sam, sitting next to Tony, kept his hands in fists as the tide of Steve’s sorrow crested and fell over and over again. Natasha held onto the pew in front of them as if she might bolt over the heads of the mourners and jump to Steve’s defense. Clint stayed close to Bruce, though he seemed the least perturbed. What Tony received from Bruce through the bond could only be described as still waters against the storm. All of their focus, every one of them, centered on Steve. The problem was that it was erratic, chaotic without all the variables resolving to a solution. Each of them were trying their best and in their own way to help Steve, but a team needed a strategy. Bruce was right in many ways they were a chemical reaction headed toward chaos. But to Tony, it was a simple problem with one answer. They needed to direct their energies, their souls to Steve’s.
“What? Someone’s going to try and kill Sir Stark?” Steve says stuttering on the name, yearning to say Tony.
For a moment he nearly topples into the trap, plummets down the slope, falls into the arms of the despair waiting for him at the periphery. Inwardly, he grapples and holds on to his composure, though he feels the hot prickle of pain, the sweat of nights spent alone and longing. He clears his throat and walks to the windows again.
Natasha pulls out the gem from her pocket. “It’s the soul stone. He gave it to me in good faith. If he doesn’t fulfill his end of the deal, then he’ll no longer have to power of the soul stone nor will he control this place.”
“So much wealth and so much suffering,” Steven said and Tony watched him as he hung his head and closed his eyes. “I never thought it would be like this. I hoped for better. I thought things would change.”
“Lash out?” Tony snaps and then witnesses the glimmer of tension flicker through Steven’s expression. He breathes once, holds it, and then exhales. “Okay, I get you. So let me put it this way. I understand a little. You’re as tied to your nature as I am. Your bonding gland forces you to seek me out, be with me, protect me. I get that. I think. Also, a lot of my training from early on, as you said, was from Estane. After the past few days – well- let’s just say I’ve learned my lesson. Or I have to unlearn some lessons he granted me.”
“All I can say is that I was drunk, and I have no excuse for my behavior. I never could hold my liquor and I should have known better,” Steve says. He’s always been one to own up to his mistakes. “I apologize.” He can’t make himself look at Tony.
“I refuse to spend the next few days fighting with you. When I said I was sorry, I meant it! That’s the end of it.”
Tony almost didn’t read it, but it wasn’t Steve Rogers fault that Howard was a jerk.  With Blu on his lap, Tony sat on his bed and opened the book. It was a biography of Steve Rogers starting with his birth in 1918 on the 4th of July. Tony snickered at that little fact. He looked down at Blu.
“I got that one? Great. Now you – you’re hot for Captain America – everyone on Earth knows that and probably a few other planets too.  Let me amend that – everyone in the known universe, except for Captain America himself. So, you probably made a move on him and he ran scared.” She’s excellent at profiling. Scary accurate in fact. “How’s that?”
Tony stands to greet him, noting that Steven does as well. He looks a little green around the gills. Thor strides over to the table, his arms wide and a smile bursting on his face. “My Lord Stark!” He grabs Tony in a full embrace and shakes him. “This is a grand day, a good day. Soon the human realm and Asgard can come together and flourish.”
Sam nods. “Like you really care about me, not like some of the other workers. They’re just here to do the job.”
Shaking his head, Steve puts up his hands to stop her. “Really there’s no need to apologize. My registration at the station is whore. That’s true, there’s no reason to be ashamed of it. I’m proud of the job I do and what I can do for my clients.”
The doctor glances to the doorway where Steve assumes Bucky is hiding out in the shadows and then back at Steve. “Regardless, I came along for the ride, and now I’m here as well.”
For a moment, Steve holds back but Tony encourages with a slight swallowing action that sends thrills through him. Steve reacts, groaning and flinging his hands out as if he’s frightened of touching Tony. But Tony catches a hand and places it on his head. And then all bets are off. Steve grips his hair, thuds into his mouth with a wild, unbridled need. He recalls Steve telling him his customers usually don’t care if Steve gets off. This night, for tonight, Tony is going to make up for that – for all the days and nights that Steve has been left empty and hopeless.
“Oh, yeah, I can get you something to eat,” Tony says and smiles at him. “You look a lot better today than you have in the past couple of days since the doctor, damn her, abandoned us.”
Tony had been in his thirties when he was changed. He didn’t look like he was in his thirties. The transformation blessed him with youth and he looked in his twenties – the same age as Steve. They’d been together for six years. Tony hadn’t aged, neither had Steve – the serum gave him that boon. Tony told the story of his change to Steve one night as they lay together in the garden of the safe house listening to the chirping crickets as the summer died away. It was their first summer together. Steve thought he would miss the sun and the day, but the night held wonders he never appreciated until he spent them with Tony. They lay entangled on the lounge chair; Tony satiated from having drank his fill. Steve was pliant and lazy, almost drifting in a kind of subspace. He wouldn’t have had the audacity to ask how Tony got turned, the circumstances of it, otherwise.
“You want to be brave, show how tough you are?” Rumlow widened his smile. “Let’s do this then. Protocol 1C.” The adamantium chain firmed up and then the nanobots crawled down his arms, covering them. The ankle shackles transformed as well and then slithered up his legs. “They made this just for you. Tested it on some unfortunate souls. But it works fine now.” He stopped and then stated, “Rack him.”
He was happy. Just today. Just last night. He was happy. Yet the truth remained, he barely did make love to Pepper. Maybe once a month, maybe less. They were too busy, he’d tell himself. She never complained. But now he couldn’t even get it up to satisfy her. He left her frustrated and hot in a cold bed. He wanted to put a fist through the expensive marble tile in the shower.
Steve yanked away from them, glaring at Natasha. “No. No, we’re not. Not him. Not us. Never!” He went to the table. Looked at what was left of his friend. A holograph hanging above Sam monitored what little life was left – not much. Just a beat or two. Steve looked down at Sam through tears. The medical personnel stopped their work, frozen as he stood there, staring at the last vestiges of life. Steve placed his hand on what little remained of Sam’s face.
Steve gazed up at Natasha and her face was a ruin of emotions. But she wasn’t still, she was at his side, holding her hands to his shoulder and his back. He wanted to say ‘what’ but the words locked up in his throat.
Bruce went quiet then – not only in the room but in his soul. It surprised Steve to know how absolutely silent and still Bruce could become considering he harbored an angry monster inside of him. Steve eased into the bond, trailing behind Bruce yet the waters were nearly calm. Nothing moved, no sound disrupted the stillness. The souls around him were like a sheet of glass, perfectly flat, noiseless, and undisturbed. Steve allowed the low energy to cover him as he sank into its midst.
“I had to. Thor asked me to come,” Steve said and raised his hands. “This is your pack, Tony. No one he-.”
“Better.” Her features reminded Steve of a fox asked to guard the hen house. Why did he feel like he was about to be devoured? She pulled up her sleeve and showed her wrist to Fury. “We bonded.”
The perfectly sunny day darkened, and the clouds swarmed over the city. Lightning flashed in the distance. He’d heard that older, more ancient vampires acquired more skills and specialized talents as they aged. One rumor had been that Thor actually ended up with his name because he had the special talent to summons clouds and rain storms. Steve had never seen it before. He watched as the rain poured in sheets from the sky, thick clouds obscuring their path as Clint directed the helicopter into the worst of it.
“Steve, Steve,” Tony says and tries to haul him back to the cot. It doesn’t work, he fights Tony each inch of the way. “No, you’re hurt you have to get back in bed.”
His mind wavered as he fought to stay conscious. The poison of the wooden barbs ate their way through his system. He reeled with vertigo and the corridors spun around him with their concrete walls and fluorescent lighting. He squinted as red blood dripped out of his tear sockets. They were going to slice his throat and steal the only thing that kept him sane. His feeding glands, once gone, would leave him in limbo to cross barren lands. Tony shivered as they rode the elevator to the mad clinicians who would harvest his glands and fangs. Rumlow nodded to his men and one of them slashed another wooden spike into Tony’s arm, just enough so that he would grunt in pain and the sickness would spread.
A fleeting look of doubt crosses Steven’s face, but he’s not backing down. “I won’t kowtow to you. If you are what you believe, then you won’t do this.”
“It looks like they experienced something out of the ordinary in the interface.” Natasha peeks in the room. She left to observe the readouts from Friday. The AI had been giving them updates throughout the integration and the smooth transition into the virtual world, but Natasha wanted to see the source material so she’d snuck out to spend time in the workshop which was directly under the medical ward at the main building of the compound.
Steve rolls off the shield and lies next to Tony. “I’ve done it before. We used to crash into Nazi troops for fun like bowling.”
, and he almost did, but then Strange threw in the last part – about the other person or persons being afflicted as well. He swallowed down the anger, the growing panic, and instead asked, “How did this all happen? When did things change? When did you change the timeline and how come we don’t already know about soul packs?”
After, Steve found his way back to his apartment, somewhat revitalized for the battles ahead.  When he found the rooms quiet and empty, something panged in his heart. A loneliness rubbed deep. He didn’t like not being with Tony now. Tony’s transformation changed him to Steve’s shield.  Their relationship would shift now, even more so then before. They were both Divini and Tony didn’t need Steve’s blood anymore. Were they still mated? Tony had said they were – in so many ways. Steve drifted to the balcony, the sun. The sun drew Steve, and denying it was foolish. Steve went to the lounger on the balcony and laid down. His muscles ached, his head throbbed, and a hollow empty place in his chest seeped through him like a poison. The reinvented hope in his heart felt distant and foolish in the silence of his apartment.  Since his imprisonment, Steve spent most of his time unmoored. The little time he dedicated to himself had been like this: alone, swallowed up by the enormity of what had happened and what was going to happen. He wasn’t himself anymore – he knew that – not the Steve Rogers that grew up on the mean streets of the early 20th century.  He wasn’t even Captain America anymore.
“Yes, always.” Tony turned around and offered his arm to Steve. “Let’s go and stroll down the river walk and see the sights. You’ve been closed away for too long and I need to see the sun.”
“Back in the day, before the war, I saw what happened to vampires and humans living in peace together. When vampires aren’t allowed their natural function of mating to a human, hunting results. Or the Blood Dens, which no one thinks is a good idea. It’s like any other human desire. If you make it illegal, then people will still get it. It’s just not under your purview.”  Steve trod on tremulous ground. “I think that justice for all of our citizens, including the undead, is part of the American ideal.”
Tony interrupts his thoughts. “So, you have any idea where the next Passage is. How do we get to the next rim?”
“Am I people? Have you looked at my eyes? I look like a fucking android. I have energy that comes out of me as if I’m wearing a suit of armor. What the hell am I now, if I’m not with you?” Distress and anger marred his voice. He cursed. “Shit, I shouldn’t be putting this on you. You’re recovering and I’m here fucking you up.”
Steve gave her a half grin. “That is true.” He’d never considered trying to intentionally bond before – but something, maybe part of his Core, told him it was the right thing to do. When he’d first shook Sam’s hand just days ago, his soul warmed and accepted. It had only been Steve’s conscious control of his astral projection that stopped the bonding then. “I bring this up, Sam, because the first time I met you I thought we had a connection. I thought you might be part of the pack.”
Steve only nods, because he’s frightened that this might be a new dream. As a prisoner he would sometimes imagine rescues, but they always involved the Legion. Never Tony. It makes sense that this is fake. That his fevered mind has finally broken down.
"I can't do this. I can't. You're too hurt and I don't know. There's something wrong, your injuries look days old but you're getting sicker by the minute. Did they give something?" Tony says and wonders if the terrorists would use a biological weapon. "Something infectious?"
With practiced skill, Steve leads Tony through the vestibule to the sitting room that includes a smaller version of the stone fireplace in the living room with a large screen television over the mantle and comfortable chairs scattered around. Wide sliding glass doors open to the balcony at the back of the house. Steve guides Tony to his bedroom through the living space. He stops.
The Captain walks over to Tony and smiles, and that’s when Tony notices – he’s not alone. Vision (the Vision – which is it, Tony doesn’t know) trails behind him. His magenta face illuminated wildly by the lights of the holographic display. Tony wonders if there’s any part of Vision that remembers working with Tony, creating with Tony. He shoves the melancholy away and turns his attention to Rogers.
Tony sent word to other covens, reaching out to all of the ones he knew. With his message to one of the Asian covens to Helen sent, he worked in an extra request for her expertise in this area. At one time she had been a respected scientist working on tissue regeneration. She’d been turned more than 30 years ago and rose in the ranks of her coven quickly when there was a purge during a Blight scare back in the 90s. She still dabbled in science and her own research when heading up a coven didn’t take all her free time. He’d wanted to meet her, but then she dropped off the radar. The human society shunned her when she attempted to do what no other vampire had been able to successfully do –integrate into human society to continue her work. They labeled her the Asian Doctor Frankenstein and her work was mocked and laughed at – though Tony had seen promise in her ideas. He should have connected with her earlier, but prejudice ran deep and as a human he hadn’t been enlightened back then at all. Now, he hoped she would reach out and respond to his inquiry.
Instead every moment further away from Tony sent draggers of pain through his soul mark on his wrist and up through the scarring on his chest. He kept going though, because he knew he had to accept the responsibility as the pack leader. He couldn’t delegate the duty all the time. Tony would understand, he told himself with a nod. He had to believe it. Tony wanted a resolution to the idea of having a member of the pack that he saw as a threat. Steve grasped the initiative to do something about it. Tony couldn’t fault him, could he?
Tony should deny it, should deny Steven. It isn’t who he is. He wants to be more, but the truth is he might not be able to be more. Look at Steven, defiant and angry, but still offering his fealty and loyalty. Still bound by the same damned rules of biology and thus society. Tony bites down, drinking. The gland bleeds a little of the elixir onto his tongue and he laps it. Steven hisses and shudders against him. As Tony drinks down the elixir he can feel himself grow hard with want. He shouldn’t do this, but the sight of his omega commanding the room is a heady thing. His omega punished and bloodied. He still commanded the room. He lifts his head and asks, “How strong are you?”
Immediately Tony jerks around and places his hand on his face. “Son of a bitch. Why did you do that? Give them back.”
“To Steve. He’s yours, he’s always been yours.” Natasha says and she leans against the edge of Steve’s bed, not looking at him. “Why do you think he’s alone? He could have anyone he wants. But he buries himself in his work and lives a solitary life. He calls a compound home. He’s waiting right now, but he’s always been waiting.”
“Oh yeah, sure. You know about the nanites? I’d like to know a little more about their constructions, angstroms, programming, targeting agents. The whole nine yards.”
“You plebeian, it’s liter nowadays,” Tony says and picks up the mug Steve left on the counter. He smells it, enjoying the aroma again.
“He said that all magic is just science we don’t understand. He said it took him a while to figure out. A few years, but he had time. All the time in the world.” She smiles. “He figured out the magic behind the soul stone exchange.”
“Yeah,” Logan says and thanks Bruce when he’s handed a beer. He sits down without waiting for an invitation. “Steve’s his own man. He does what he wants. He left me. Not the other way around. He left me for you. I thought the two of you would be happy little love birds by now.”
The wind screeches around them. Tony clasps his tin cup and drinks down the soup. “So the Passage, old man? What do you think?”
It’s probably too crass because Tony waves his hands in the air. “I don’t. Please don’t talk like that. Whatever is upsetting you, it’s obviously not your position then. Would you tell me what it is?”
“They have you working as a spy?” That cannot be right. He has one of the most recognizable faces on the planet.
“I know.” Steve chews the pot sticker – for this he uses chop sticks. His eyes wander away from Tony, as if he wants to avoid the truth. His confidence with the chopsticks wavers and he drops the one he tried to pick up. While he works to get it again, he adds, “I just wonder which one is really me.”
The one time Steve met General Fury as a client, the man had been reticent and dour. He hadn’t been one for small talk, but he booked the entire night with Steve. It had been exhausting and taxing because he couldn’t get the man to talk much at all. “Is General Fury a difficult man?”
Before he understood what he was doing, he clasped Tony’s hand and hauled him across the width of the bed. Tony didn’t move for a moment and Steve could have forced his hand, but he didn’t, and Tony shifted and then on his knees walked over the bed to Steve’s side. In for a penny, in for a pound, as his mother used to say to him, Steve lifted the sheet and ignored his own nudity. He invited Tony into the bed.
“Then you need to apologize to him for that as well. Tony, I know this must have been hard for you to call me.”
His shoulder weapons open, target, and then engage. It takes all of three seconds to take out the men and have the children cheer him. But he still hates it, and then he’s back to the mystery in the caves. He steadies his flight and lands at the mouth of the cave.
Tony felt it; the doors closing, the windows shuttering within Steve. “No, you don’t do that. Peggy said you weren’t alone and you’re not. You stay with us, you understand? We can’t lose you, too.” Tony realized as he spoke his own tears broke free. He glanced at Natasha and tears also stained her face. “She was strong for us. You have to stay with us. Steve, please.”
“Radio silence,” Steve ordered and then used the soul pack connections to check on his team. Thor wrangled the rest of the Legion toward them while Iron Man tried to pick them off one by one, but there were too many to stop.
Tony’s seen Steve – knows he’s well endowed, thick and lengthy. Tony throws his head back as he must imagine Steve penetrating him, thrusting.
“Yes, I would. I hope you will decide otherwise. Your scent is pleasing to me, more so than other omegas,” Tony admits. It’s true. There’s something enticing and intoxicating about the man even though he’s barely more than a rag.
Thankfully, he had a restful sleep. Steve could do one thing well, and that was bury what bothered him. His generation learned to be stoic about hardships. Growing up in the Great Depression taught him a lot.  He got up early the next morning for his run. He loved to run along the Washington Mall, seeing the monuments and the museums as the city came awake. He communed with the dawn and recalled what his life, his mission, was all about for him. Why he tried to do good. As he finished up his run, he met a guy – Sam Wilson.
“I thought you might like to see this,” Tony said. He hadn’t really worked on it, not much at least. It had only been a few little notes and maybe some code. “Something I started working on when we came back from London. Like I said, I see it as a mathematical equation.”  Tony keyed in the program he’d been working on and asked, “J-man give me the whole shebang.” He flung his arms out because he was always dramatic.
“Yeah?” Tony asks and his eyes get a dreamy look. He jerks away from his thoughts and then points to where Steve left the folded towel on the opposite counter. “Jarvis hates when people fold a wet towel. Put it in the laundry bin or hang it up.”
“Shouldn’t have decided to go out today. Too damned late in the season.” He gets to the traveler’s cabin and kicks open the door with Tony in his arms. Bringing Tony to the cot near the fireplace, he helps Tony sit and then leaves to collect the supplies. They don’t have much but it’s going to have to be enough. They might have to survive a storm, or worse, a blizzard.
The flight eats away at his stability, ramping up his anxiety and causing him to obsessively learn everything there is about crows and corvids. He’s losing his mind. By the time he disembarks the jet, he’s mad as a hatter to see Steve and rents a car to drive to his address. He gets there at dinner time. Inspiration strikes and he stops at a pizzeria and picks up a few pies and some beer. It is a walk up and he carries the pies in one hand with beers precariously balanced on top of the boxes, his suitcase armor in the other hand. Everything nearly topples over but a young woman with blonde hair sees him on the staircase and rushes over to him.
Steve only waves at him and slips out through the backdoor. A well sits behind the building with a wide trough near it. It makes for a decent wash when he can’t get to the stream outside of Avenge to bathe. Setting his shirt on the steps to the building, he grabs the cake of soap and dips it into the frigid waters. He hisses but continues his wash, his back toward the door to the prison house.
“Tony!” Natasha said as Tony rushed down the corridor. He didn’t look behind him. He heard the door to Steve’s room open.
Setting a small propane heater on the floor of the Quin Jet, Steve preps it to light when Tony stops him.
And that only served to piss off Tony more. He did not want to be in some cherished special space. He knew that he would just ruin it. His life was about protection. He had a lot to make up for and so he didn’t want to be designated the delicate flower of the bunch. Tony Stark, a man who at one time could literally blow up the world several times over, was not the weeping willow of the bunch.
“Herky jerky?” Steve lowered his head and stared at his coffee. He had to admit. Sam read him like a book. Glancing up, Steve said, “I have these amazingly real dreams. But they aren’t real. They take place in the 30s and 40s, you know. Tony’s there in the dreams.” He stopped. He wasn’t about to confess the erotic parts of his dreams. “It always feels right. I don’t know how to explain it, other than that.”
Steve nods into Tony’s hand and then they kiss again. It’s becoming a necking session and part of Tony wants to float away on. It feels so good to just be in someone’s arms that he trusts and doesn’t have to be anyone else for; it’s liberating.
Tony separated from Steve, searching his eyes, his expression to try and check in with him. “Are you-?”
The opening is narrow and twists to the left, and Tony follows it. It closes in and, for a moment, the world funnels around him. JARVIS talks to him, guides him, brings him around from the hell of what was before and isn’t anymore.
He gets a new applicator. Crouching, he presses the button on the applicator, the gel oozes out and he slides the applicator into his entrance. It only stings for a second and then he adjusts. Steve presses the button to deliver the nanites and then waits for a second before he removes the applicator. Standing, he doesn’t notice anything different except for a minor pressure. It’s very comfortable, so much more than the plug that constantly reminds Steve of the stretch and pull – sitting always caused problems too. He washes his hands, then pulls on his robe and goes out to the chair, sitting down. Very comfortable. Nearly no pressure at all.
Ross laughs and then pinches the bridge of his nose. “So you’re telling me.” He looks at Tony and drops his hand. “You’re telling me that while you were estranged you permitted him to share his heat with some stranger.”
For a second, Tony continued to hover, floating in the air above 95 North, and then he realized that the traffic on the roadway stalled out, causing an already congested road to thicken with more cars and trucks.
“I don’t think that word came to mind,” Steve says and sits down as the guards click the locks in place. That’s just ludicrous. He’s sure even in his weakened state breaking the locks wouldn’t be an issue. Tony sits next to Steve, obviously forming alliances.
Clint taps his one ear as he hangs up the clothes on the closet door. “Listen, you don’t have to justify anything to me. Without the cochlear implants I’d be totally deaf. I get it, you don’t have to sell me on it at all.”
Bucky lies on the floor, panting and hearing the echo of their conversation in the ear bud as well.  The pain in his shoulder throbs but he ignores it and forces himself to sit up. Sam considers him, his eyes motes of worry.
Tony starts to stand, and Steve only places a hand on his shoulder. “Don’t. It’s nothing I couldn’t handle. You might have noticed his nose?”
Tony went to the task. First, he placed a still semi-conscious Steve on the gurney and let Natasha tuck the blanket around him. Tony refused to think about the last day, about what had happened, but it was hard to deny the fact that Steve had multiple vampire bites on his body. He’d lost a ton of blood. Tony focused his thinking on taking care of Steve, not on the horror that either of them endured. If he faced then horror, then his mental ability to function would break down. He quickly stripped one of the agents and put on the clothes. They felt tight, binding, but Tony tossed the ammuno vest to the side. He needed his chest to be open and able to be summoned for defense. He shook his head; strange days and strange thoughts.
They leave the overgrown garden by the cottage and as they march farther away from it, Steve peers over his shoulder to see only a pergola left as if the cottage never existed at all. He doesn’t question it; this realm is not reality. It’s something apart from real. He speaks as they walk through the marshes of orange and yellow light and ripples of water.
Steve feels the heat on his face and wishes he had his dish towel to wring in his hands. Instead, he settles for rubbing the back of his neck. “Oh really?”
Isn’t that the truth. He leans forward in his seat, elbows on knees. “Listen, Pepper. Steve and me – well-.”
No relief turned to stress, stress turned to anger, anger turned to alpha rage. Steve squeezes his eyes shut as he tries to forget the memories. He never wanted to remember it this way, framed against the horror of what happened in Siberia. Two alphas in a rage fighting over him and over the past. He should have told Tony about his parents. He should have told him more about Bucky.
“Seeing the country was the right thing to do. So many things have changed, but then not. Do you know a lot of the middle of the country seems like stepping back in time?” Steve says and then he goes into details about some obscure towns in the middle of Kansas.
A weeping sound echoes through the corridor. Then Steve hears it – he hasn’t heard Howard’s voice in more than half a century, but he recognizes it.  Howard’s voice pained and weak – brings a reckoning to Steve’s soul. To his heart. Steve doesn’t even hear the words only sees Tony’s face, crumpling before him.
Tony drops his napkin on the table and sits back. “Yeah, yeah I do. I also know that Obie has a point. We’re never going to win this war without a united front.”
Tony saw the tear stains on Steve’s cheeks as he fought his own gag response. But he was a fast learner and he relaxed his throat until Tony pushed further and then Steve swallowed. The undulations sent shockwaves through Tony and the coil deep in his groin released like a spring and he came with a hard jerk until he was paralyzed by it. He couldn’t stop as Steve welcomed him, pulled him deeper. Air. Oxygen. It vacated his lungs as he came and came in a spill down Steve’s willing and open throat until finally he was spent. The air burned as he writhed through his first breath in forever. He opened his eyes and there was only silence.
