“Well, c’mon in already,” he says. “Your types don’t find no trouble here.”
And so Christmas dinner is filled with passive-aggressive insults and incendiary remarks, and Dean laughs more tonight than he has in a long time. Gabriel whips up a dozen more deserts while Sam’s gaze shifts uneasily from Balthazar to Crowley, like he suspects something that Dean won’t touch with a ten-foot pole.
“I know what you meant, now, about me being too young,” Dean whispers, unknotting Castiel’s tie, gently pushing the coat off his shoulders, smiling into every kiss he bestows. “I was a kid then, a dumb one. I didn’t love you.”
The fact that an unknown angel enters his house to take the words Dean has written was once unsettling, but now he’s thankful. The letters are littered with unimportant details and inconsequential stories about life on Earth—but he hopes they might make Castiel imagine, for a moment, an existence that isn’t embroiled in war.
Dean stares. This is—this is supposed to be a joke, the result of everyone assuming untrue things about the relationship between them, but it doesn’t feel that way, not since the first time Cas weaved a story about how they fell in love to a woman named Nellie, who was desperate for a happy ending, even if it wasn’t hers.
Castiel nods and hands Dean the money. It is forty dollars plus one dime, one nickel, and two pennies. Dean smiles at the coins.
Dean reminds himself to give them better backstories next time. Ida is still embarrassed, so Dean cranks up the charm and reassures her that yes, she's
By midnight, everyone is gone, the house still stands, and Cas is draped on the mattress in an exhausted heap. They’ve cleaned the kitchen and put away what leftovers weren't sent with Bobby and Sam.
“You lost your bets,” Castiel guesses, and reaches into his own coat pocket. He withdraws forty dollars and seventeen cents, the only remainder of the two-hundred—an exorbitant amount, Castiel thinks—that Chuck had given him when he’d seen Castiel would begin craving hamburgers and yet have no means to pay for them.
, and Sam’s answering silence is both pitying and exasperated). He writes about weird packages he’s delivered, books he’s reading, the fact he’s learning to cook. He even writes about Crowley, who had been the first to suggest Dean learn to make something besides sandwiches.
The envelope is gone by morning.
He presses his pen against a fresh sheet of paper.
“Hey Cas!” someone calls. It’s a group of violinists standing near the entrance, and a trombone—or french horn, Dean's constantly confused about that—player to boot. They wave Cas over, and Dean thinks he should make a clean getaway, let Cas hang out with normal society, but Cas grips his elbow and drags Dean along.
“Seems to us Terrance an’ Henry are gonna be loners ‘til the end,” but Dean sees the way Terrance’s eyes flick towards an oblivious Henry, and he gets why Lydia Loredo doesn’t have a ring, why Terrance stays quiet when Will says there are
It is a lie: he was kissed by Chastity, though he perceives a difference in
“Actually, I’m about to take a break. Thanks, though,” Dean answers, thinking that’s the end of it, but the stranger clamps his hand on Dean’s elbow and insists. “Just one. I’ve had my eye on you all night.”
“Rest with—” Dean cuts himself off, shakes his head, and seems to arrive at a decision. “Fine,” he spits out. “
Castiel smiles, but it's real this time.
He sobers when they drive up to the joint. Dean already hears—and hates—the bass-heavy music inside.
“Horse shit!” Elijah calls. “Henry’s right. If you ain’t got anything entertaining to say, we’ll gotta listen to Will’s tractor story again.”
Dean laughs, oddly joyful. He pushes Castiel until the back of his legs hit the bed.
“You’re both angels,” she declares. “Would you care for more coffee? It’s just done brewing in the kitchen.”
“You are too young for me, but maybe there is someone else for you. Someone more... appropriate.”
, Dean thinks; he's been in that boat and knows how fast it sinks.
makes Dean squirm. It’s so antiquated, so
Dean isn’t sure what to say—he’s never kissed a dude, but this is Cas. Cas, who’ll make up stories, and kick Dean’s ass if necessary, and always come back if Dean is ever left behind.
Dean glances from the proffered money to Castiel’s face.
Dean glances towards the window, where night has overtaken the evening: the snow is barely visible, blending with the stars until they’re all just small white dots to Dean’s tired eyes. He rouses himself enough to change into warm bedclothes, falling asleep next to Cas, who’s picked up his book again and is reading by the firelight.
“Ready to go,
It’s not that Crowley loves Balthazar or anything. He’ll be the first to tell anyone, and Dean will be the first to believe it. Demons don’t love because they can’t. That’s just the nature of things.
She sticks her hands in her pockets, rocks on her feet: “Karl bought it for three grand, but I’ll sell it for twenty-five hundred. It’s a hard market and I need it gone.”
“Caught yourselves anything?”
, but without the mojo. That’s okay with Dean.
“And just how long do those dicks plan on keeping you away?” Dean demands. “A couple of months? A year?”
“Just wait until you get in there,” Dean mutters as they climb out of the car.
“That’s very sweet, but it’s been long enough. I shouldn’t still feel so... affected.”
He grimaces at the shitty trance blaring out of the club’s giant speakers. Like Dean, Cas doesn't love the noise or crowd, but diligently sticks close to Dean and casually brushes his wrist against everyone they pass. Bobby had lent them each a pair of iron bracelets, explaining that iron burns most fairies. It’s the only way they’ll find the flesh-eating bastard, and it’s not like a casual wrist brush will draw much attention in a place like this.
“Terrance is the only one who ain’t worn the ball and chain,” Scott informs them. “He’s dated every woman in town. Hell, he had Lydia Loredo—a real looker, Lydia—waiting for a ring, but he never got around to it. Guess he’s taken our horror stories to heart.”
Cas smiles.
“This’ll be easier in the back,” Dean finally says, but Castiel doesn’t understand:
There’s no table in the dining room, no nightstands in the bedrooms. They don’t have dishes or clocks or rugs. For a moment, Dean is struck with a fear that settles low in his chest. He mentally calculates the small savings he’s earned versus their future living expenses and reflects back on his brief time with Lisa: what did she budget for? What were the monthly expenses? What about land taxes? Insurance? Separate cars?
“Didn’t know I was writing to such a large audience,” Dean replies, glancing at Cas, whose eyes seem to focus on a faraway memory.
An animal shelter in Alabama reports that all of its cats were slaughtered overnight: no chains were cut, no locks were picked. This reeks of
) and then wiggles his eyebrows at Cas when they’re standing alone.
Dean grins and asks, “Are you kidding? Because you don’t seem like a joker, mister.”
“And I remember you have a very sensitive neck,” Castiel admits.
“At least tell us how you found yourselves in this backwater,” he coaxes. “Not a big tourist destination, unless you like trees and dirt roads.”
“Oh really? Hopefully about how awesome I am,” he jokes.
Their
, and is gratified to land right where the Winchesters are, in 2010 A.D., the year of our Lord.
“I’m Carol,” says the horn player. “And this is Eric and Steve. It’s so nice to finally meet you. Cas talks about you all the time.”
Nellie swallows hard and glances at them both. “I couldn’t,” she finally protests, but it’s weak; she only needs a small push before the words come tumbling from her mouth. “It was just so...
“I knew he would certainly alter my life,” he answers, which makes Dean cough.
“And this band is big?” Dean presses, because he doesn’t want to find out later that the “band” is a bunch of middle-aged stoners playing out of someone’s garage.
“That’s right. He practically rebelled and flew the coup. The guy’s a firecracker,” Dean says, grinning, because seriously? He's proud of Cas. Yeah, okay, the details of their story aren’t true—Cas the bookshop owner, Dean the engineer—but the basic rebellion theme stays the same, and it’s a pretty awesome reality check.
Castiel feels a hot bolt strike through his borrowed body, though it is becoming his own day by day. He wants to say
Twenty minutes later, no dice.
,” he grits out, a man who’s been on edge for too long. “There’s a decade between then and now, and I remember the whole thing, and I still want it so fuckin' bad, Cas,” and between decadent, grateful kisses, he says, “I remember how you sucked on my bottom lip.”
“During every war,” Cas starts, “a messenger angel is assigned the task of collecting letters from humans. The practice died during your dark ages, but it has made a resurgence after Lucifer’s defeat in Stull. Most of the letters are from children whose guardians are reassigned to the battlefield, but I thought perhaps you would write to me.” At Dean’s look, he adds, “Not often, if you are averse to the idea. But I would... like to know how you are.”
Dean reads the information but still doesn’t quite understand: “What’s a civic band?” he finally asks, ignoring his pride so that he’ll have the facts. Cynthia smiles as she rubs her palms together for warmth.
“We can still back out of this,” she insists, in a motherly, last-ditch effort to rescue them. “Maybe take a look at some newer places? They'll require much less fixing-up.”
Dean says, “Stay awake five more minutes. I got you something, though I guess it’s not technically Christmas anymore.”
“We’ll give you a few minutes. Gabriel and I will be outside when you’re ready to go,” and they blink out like lights, similar to the kitchen fixtures Dean repaired last week. Cas had tried to help but he’s no electrician, and Dean wishes fiercely they could go back to that day when their biggest problem had been trying to cook dinner by candlelight.
“If your heart’s set on it, we can work something out,” she continues, after a beat of silence. “Look, let me give you my number. Think about it and give me a call. I’d really like it to go to someone who will... love it. The way Karl did.”
“Hands off,” he snaps. “This is my ride.”
“We ain’t got nothing with umbrellas in it,” the guy explains. “Hope you two drink what regular folks drink.”
Castiel doesn’t fully understand the implication, though he’s sure those extra ten minutes would have been extraordinary. He reaches up to touch Dean’s face, pulls him in for another kiss, and says, “You are so young.”
“Sure. ‘Darling’ wasn’t a winner. Neither was ‘sweetpea’ or ‘hot stuff’, if memory serves. Gotta call you something if we’re gonna keep having epic romances.”
last) is the dance floor itself. Dean downs the rest of his beer and nods towards the crowd.
will be easier in the back that they cannot accomplish in the front? He only frowns at the statement; Dean, noting that Castiel hasn’t moved, sighs.
“That’s way romantic,” he proclaims while Dean wonders just how many stories Cas can possibly dream up about their first meeting. “You guys just look so happy together.”
“There’s something you need to see,” he says, ever calm. Dean grumbles but rolls out of bed, tiredly trails him down the stairs—and on the ground level stands two-dozen people, all strangers to Dean’s eyes except for one. In his hands is a careworn envelope that has been folded and refolded and refolded again.
Dean always wakes with his breath trapped somewhere in his chest, eyes moist from the emotions being transferred into his consciousness. Oftentimes he’ll get up and go down to the couch, pick up a book and read something by the fire. Ros will sit on the opposite end and curl up, falling asleep, not quite realizing what Dean’s lost.
“You aren’t here for pleasantries,” Dean guesses, not bothering to say hello in return. Why should he? A
They’re drinking coffee, debating the merits of a new fridge versus a new television (Cas has cast a practical vote for the fridge, but Dean is tempted by a flatscreen) when Gabriel and Balthazar are suddenly standing by the table, tired-looking and sad, a complete 180 from Christmas. They don’t even
; he wants to fly off; he wants to hide somewhere until this strange sense of discomfort passes, but he
Dean’s hands are cleverly slipping buttons out of their respective button holes.
“I am sorry,” Castiel finally whispers. “You are—you are
It’s an awkward experience at first, but Dean is a good teacher: Castiel learns that he likes to suck Dean’s bottom lip, and that Dean enjoys having his neck kissed. The first ten minutes barrel past, the next ten follow just as quickly, and by the half-hour their breath is laden with
Dean continues to stare, maybe too long, because Cas looks away and stuffs his hands in his pockets.
“I am merely stating that if you must refer to me using endearments, then ‘darling’ is not my preference,” Castiel calmly replies, and Nellie says, “It takes a while to find the right name. Henry called me—well, it’s silly, but he called me Honeybee. I was always baking sweets for the store.”
Cas frowns at the name.
“Fortunately, I had thoughts of my own.”
But when that performance comes, when the band steps out onto the stage and bows in front of the applauding audience, Dean doesn’t expect to feel so
“Break a leg, huh?” he says. Cas squints at him. Dean laughs and says, “It’s an expression, doofus. It means ‘good luck’.”
“I saw you two over by the bar. I just want to say how cute you are together,” he says, smiling wide. The music is a decibel lower by the door, so he dares to ask, “Did you meet here?”
He says (between kisses), “I fought off all of Raphael’s forces—” Kiss. “—after receiving that photograph—” Kiss. “—because I wanted so much to see you again. His soldiers rallied eventually, but it was a... turning point."
He slips his arms around Cas’ waist; Castiel’s arms wrap around Dean’s neck, and they hesitate just a moment. Castiel has not become soft. He doesn’t wilt beneath Dean, or blush, or tremble; Dean, in turn, doesn’t slam Cas against a wall or jab his tongue down the guy’s throat. But they
There’s a pitying expression on Balthazar’s face that Dean doesn’t like, mostly because Dean knows what it means: Cas isn’t allowed to refuse this. He carries the banner of an angel who averted, on his own steam, the end of the world. He has made his mark. There can be no civil war without Castiel leading the charge. Dean accepts this the way he accepted his mother’s death, and his father’s: with a scream permanently lodged in his throat.
“You’re angry,” Castiel observes. Normally Dean enjoys bars; there is plentiful beer and women in jean shorts.
“Yeah?” Harold grins. His long hair is all over the place. “How’d you meet?”
“Lemme guess: you don’t like that one either.”
Sam would normally be a shoe-in for the "eager future student" role, but he manages to catch a monster cold on the way there, so Dean and Cas figure it’ll be just as easy for them to do the legwork. Dean lends Cas some of his most beaten threads, because the suit and trench coat are definitely not going to help them sell their roles.
The thing is, Dean could’ve taken him.
“You hungry?” Dean asks, rising to retrieve a bottle of water from his duffel. He hands it to Castiel, who curiously desires it despite not knowing why. He untwists the cap and takes a hesitant sip. A moment later he begins drinking in earnest. It washes the blood out and rids his mouth of dryness, and he feels much refreshed—he guesses this is what refreshment must feel like, at any rate—afterwards.
Dean leans in close and gusts hotly against Castiel’s mouth.
When Dean gets home, he finds Cas curled up on the mattress reading
to another man, and he
“Takes two hours to tell
I’ll give you this part for
“I assume you want to get a beer,” Cas says once they’ve brought the last duffel inside.
stop by the store to cover his tracks, but then he visits Cynthia’s house, where she helps him carry the cello out to the car, and pulls a flier from her jacket pocket once the instrument case is safe from the wind and snow.
it. He understands, suddenly, Cas’ look of mourning.
, and Dean gives Cas an ugly look—why did
, but it’s there, living between the lines and letters, in the creases of the paper, in the marks of the pen.
Not in the way he usually prefers, but in the way that counts: a short guy with red hair and a poor taste in belts practically leaps away from the iron cuff on Dean’s wrist. Dean quickly apologizes for getting in the guy’s space, makes sure to get a good look at his face, and then moves casually towards the bar. Just as he spots Cas (exactly where Dean left him, still working on the
always precedes a
“The one where I am an angel, and you are a hunter, and you kiss me for the first time in North Dakota,” he answers. Dean swallows hard. He doesn’t deserve this, but he’s somehow won it, and has no intention of looking a gift horse in the mouth.
. “Pal, I don’t go further than, like, mouth stuff. Anything past that is off limits.”
“Hey,” Dean says, “what should I call you anyway?”
A wave of agony assaults him, wrenching him to the floor. It reaches through his vessel, straight to his true form, twisting feathers, tearing at his wings.
The bunker door slammed on Sam’s exasperated sigh, much to Dean’s childish satisfaction. He looked down at the amulet cradled in his hand, and the smile slipped off his face.
“Cas?” he called, the rift behind him casting a glow soft glow as he strode further into the Empty.
First, there was only darkness. Then like dawn bleeding through the gloom of night it retreated.
“Cas!”
“Best time ever, five stars.”
Dean gets a phone call. Needless to say, it's not good news.
“You okay, y’know with Jack? I know it must be hard not being able to see him.”
Jack, it had been decided, would not be God until he had first experienced life. He was too young to uphold those responsibilities, and the Winchesters agreed as well. Amara took up the mantle with some reluctance, but was soon persuaded by Jack’s puppy-eyes, finding a tentative place in the family in securing the title as Jack’s “Auntie Amara”. And, with the power of that title, Amara had announced her and Jack would depart on a cosmic field trip. Even Dean was missing Jack enough to go on a solo ghost hunting trip to take his mind off it.
“Do you like it?” Dean asks, feeling jittery as the silence stretches too long. Why doesn’t Cas say anything? Maybe this was a bad idea after all, this tree, this proof of their normalcy. “I figured, you know, we ought to have one. Everyone else does.”
Dean welcomes the holidays by buying all the dinner fixings they can afford, and Cas helps cook even though he’s no culinary master.
When they’re ready to leave, Dean pays and tips generously. He asks for a good breakfast place; Scott recommends Mae’s up the street, which has good coffee and sweet pancakes. Dean remembers it for tomorrow morning.
“It was,” Castiel confirms. “He was covered in grease upon our first meeting. However, he was exceptionally clean when I retrieved my car a few days later.”
Twenty-five hundred dollars. Dean knew it would be expensive, but his heart drops regardless. There’s no way he can foot that all at once, not even with the lean way he and Cas are living right now.
The dream ends on a Saturday in April. (The cruelest month, Dean’s told.)
(Later, before Dean drives home from the shipping center, he gives Kate a ring. He puts it out there, lets her know why this cello is so important. She’s quiet for a beat and then says, "Five hundred. Karl would not have taken a penny more.")
“No,” he protests. “This is—this is not what I intended.”
But not here. You got a place?”
“Huntin’s good here.”
“After a few days, Dean finally accrued the nerve to visit my store on his off hours,” Cas cuts in. “He brought me—”
“You never did tell me how you two came to meet,” she says, and Dean panics for a second; there’s no pie to distract Cas from saying
Balthazar clears his throat.
Henry waves the apology away, like he doesn’t care.
“And perhaps,” he continues, uncomfortable for the first time since the brothel, “I presume too much.”
“Nope,” he says. “This is the one for us.”
. His heart wants to explode with it, and he can’t help but turn to the elderly couple next to him and say, “That’s my friend up there, with the cello.” The woman smiles in return and points out her granddaughter, a dentist by day and clarinetist by night.
“I am an orchestral violinist and he is a sound engineer. We met at a concert when he came to fix the microphones on stage.”
Dean glances towards Cas, who’s standing by a window, its panes covered in prints from those who came before them. Cas looks back and meets his gaze, and Dean knows the answer without even asking.
—one implies an act (forced, in Castiel’s case) upon you, while the other suggests a mutually desired action. But does it matter? He still feels as though he is pushing himself onto Dean, despite desperately choosing the least violating activity that came to mind.
Afterwards, they do get dinner and then walk the park, close together; Cas talks about music and Dean complains about the snow, but the truth is this might be the best night of his entire life.
He lumbers out of bed. In the corner desk are a stack of photos from Bobby’s wedding, and near the top is a group shot. The wedding had been understated, so much so that Julia had baked her own cake, but everyone was
Cas discovers music during their second month in the house. Bach and Mozart aren’t to Dean’s taste, but the fact Cas is choosing things for himself is enough to silence Dean's complaints. He bears the suites and overtures; listens to Cas hum them as they wander the frozen woods; unconsciously hums those same songs as he drives the delivery truck down its route.
“What kind of name is that?”
“You’re thinkin’ about it,” Dean mutters. “
“You did not know me,” Castiel points out, but feels himself light up at Dean’s words.
. Despite the kissing-only request, Dean’s hands have found a nice place beneath Castiel’s shirt, and Castiel’s own fingers are lost in Dean’s brown hair.
These are the things Dean has purchased for the house: three cooking pans, a used microwave, bath towels, dishes, one clock, clothes hangers, and a CD player for Cas. By the time they pay the mortgage and utilities and grocery bill, there’s not much left for luxuries. He figures once he pays off the cello then he can get started saving for another mattress, that way they won’t have to keep sharing—but Cas points out some other furniture he’d prefer (a dining table comes to mind), so Dean dutifully rearranges his Furniture Priority List and writes off the mattress for later.
“It’s my brother’s cello,” Kate says, answering his unvoiced question. “I’m selling it.”
“Thank you,” Castiel replies. “We are.”
“Oh. In that case, thank you,” Cas replies. He glances down at his music and says, “You don’t have to stay. I know this isn’t your usual preference—”
Castiel swallows hard. Why is he being tested in such a way? What part of this experience will make him stronger? He has never felt
The old band conductor retires; a new one takes his place. Sam and Bobby drop in for unexpected visits, and Crowley’s tromping through more often than not, making use of space that isn’t his, playing with Roscoe when Dean’s busy in the kitchen.
Dean’s mind swirls with snow and music for weeks, but it’s not until November, nearly Thanksgiving, that he considers gifting Cas with a way to play rather than just listen. The idea comes to him during his route, when he drops off a package to a young woman whose solemnity could rival Cas'. Over her shoulder Dean sees a large instrument case leaning against the wall, but he’s no expert and can’t tell what it is. She—Kate—signs for her delivery and follows his gaze.
Nellie Forrest gives the hunters a watery smile.
He’s been to high-energy places like this before. Frankly, it’s not any different from the hundreds of other bars and clubs Dean’s frequented. It doesn’t take long for Dean to become part of the machine: he jumps and twists and even smiles at the gentlemen who smile at him first.
Cynthia, another driver, offers her guest bedroom. She lives with three cockatiels (all of whom pin Dean beneath beady black stares) and insists it’s not a problem, that she’s happy to be of help, and that Cas is lucky to have someone as thoughtful as Dean. (Dean doesn’t mention that he and Cas aren’t together, that they’re just friends, because no one ever believes him anyway.)
He means one thing, but Dean takes it as another. He leans back on his knees, observes his companion in barely-there light.
“Bluebird,” Cas echoes as they head down the sidewalk. Dean’s not sure where the name came from, either, though he suspects it has something to do with Cas being a blue-eyed guy who used to have wings. He shrugs.
Nellie sets the pie slices, one for Dean and one for Cas, in front of them. It’s something called Buttermilk Chess Pie; the filling is yellow, like custard, and Dean can’t decide whether he’s fascinated or revolted.
He and Sam lived on almost nothing, but Cas deserves a life that’s more than just scraping by.
“Yeah, he’s picking up something. You feeling okay? Because you were all over the place for a second. You’ve been out for three hours.”
?” he sneers. “Another member of Team Free Will? If your standards sink any lower, I’ll have to reconsider my affiliation.”
“Dozens,” he quietly answers.
? How much more sacrifice is required of them? How selfish can this Raphael dick be to risk Cas’ happiness? Cas, who never asks for anything, who never wants for himself.
Dean rewards him with one last kiss and says, as Castiel’s exiting the Impala, “See you around sometime,” and thinks the words a lie, that he won’t ever see Castiel again, but Castiel knows this isn’t true at all. He watches Dean drive away, the red lights becoming small and dim until they vanish all together, and so he closes his eyes and thinks
. No one's complained about my age before.”
Cas turns to Dean. His expression is unreadable.
Three months later, Sam reads about a possible haunting at a Georgia college, where a series of student portraits displayed in the fine arts building are found hanging with the eyes blacked out. The administration claims it's petty vandalism, but Sam's research shows the same thing happened twenty years earlier. ("So it's clearly a vengeful spirit, but... Georgia? That means we gotta go through Louisiana. No one wants that," Dean argues, only to immediately cave under Cas' disappointed, what-kind-of-Righteous-Man-
He jots down a couple of other openings that look promising before hunting down a copy of
“We’ll do it here, then,” he declares, and reaches for the fastening of Castiel’s pants.
So much has happened that Castiel struggles to remember it all: the fight against Anna and Uriel, Michael’s message through the young John Winchester, the sigils he was taught to draw, how everything went wrong and right at the same time—how can Castiel hope to answer any question pertaining to this myriad of events? He will try, of course, and maybe even succeed, but the nature of time itself is nearly impossible to clarify in human language, and the task will not be easy.
? Why can Sam and Cas go somewhere without this shit, but Dean and Cas are always
. You are—you are exactly as you should be, if you choose it, if you still want—”
“So we heard.”
Castiel stops. The sidewalks are empty; most of the stores are closed. It’s dark and chilly, but Dean doesn’t feel cold.
Castiel leaves 1978... only to find himself in 2000. The single comfort he can glean from this is the fact he’s standing by the Impala, which means Dean—at age twenty-one—must be somewhere nearby, and he can perhaps offer Castiel a place to “recharge his batteries,” as humans like to say. He looks around to grasp his surroundings: it’s a poorly lit parking lot outside of a grungy and battered bar, which comes as no surprise. Though Castiel finds he dislikes such places, he wonders if he might go inside to find Dean, then decides it’s best to stay right here, because Dean doesn’t know Castiel yet, and attempting to make introductions in a loud, smoky bar will only produce trouble. Castiel has learned that much, at least.
“Nothin’ to tell,” Dean cuts in. He doesn’t want to make conversation any more than necessary.
“That is a lovely name, Ms. Forrest,” Cas says, but Nellie brushes away the formality.
“It’s nothin’. Someone’s gotta take care of these morons anyway,” he says, nodding towards the rough-and-tumble group. “Where else would they go to escape the wife for a few hours? They drag their sorry asses in here and bitch, bitch, bitch. It’s like a hick version of ‘Sex and the City’.”
Dean balks at this statement, but at last chooses to ignore it. He slips into the driver’s seat and then stretches himself to reach for the passenger side door, which he unlocks.
“It’s like... a volunteer orchestra for adults,” she says, trying to find the right words. “They give about four concerts a year, I think.”
“Not at first,” he finally admits. “But when Rapahel’s forces trapped us near the cliffs, your words were the only comfort we had for a long time. They were—the way you—the letters were more than I could have hoped for,” Cas settles on saying, “and I only wish I could have kept them all. We had to travel lightly, but there’s one I kept throughout the war, and I—pray that it still holds true, unless you’ve—unless you would no longer prefer—”
“Who’s
“Well, thank you so much,” Nellie says, beaming. “It was Henry’s favorite.”
“Yeah, Cas,” Dean replies, the words coming out rough and disbelieving, “it holds true,” because Cas isn’t holding a letter: he’s holding the photo of Bobby’s wedding three years ago, and the envelope that Dean had kissed, briefly, in a bout of overwhelming loneliness.
“Whoa, mister, I don’t do that,” Dean finally objects, though Castiel can sense a temptation from him as he looks at the green paper again. “And a word of advice? I wouldn’t ask anyone in there—” He jerks his thumb in the direction of the bar. “—for it, either. This ain’t the place.”
“You bet your ass it did. Every day he came stormin’ outta his store to give me hell. Anyway, we finally got done and moved up to the next block, except he started bringing me coffee on my breaks. It was November. We were freezin’ our balls off.”
“You can try,” Dean challenges. He knows perfectly well he can’t protect Cas from his two dick brothers, but he’s willing to risk life and limb, and who knows, maybe the struggle will end with Tessa dragging him to the big pie in the sky. Then he’ll be with Cas and help him in the war, because there’s no way in hell Dean can stay here alone. The house isn’t built for one and the memory of Cas lingers in every corner, every crevice, in the books he leaves on the mattress and the tea he keeps in the cupboard.
passes her lips, and she turns away to brush invisible flour off her apron.
“Bluebird,” Dean murmurs.
“You’re a pathetic little bird, aren’t you,” Crowley will say, but he makes Dean tea regardless.
But he looks at Dean’s face, so much softer than he's used to. Here, Dean is twenty-one years old. He is not the person Castiel has grown to love—that does not make him love Dean less, but it still feels wrong somehow, off-balance in a way he can’t explain. This Dean does not know Castiel yet, and if this type of union were to ever pass between them (and he hopes it does, he
Dean feels inexplicably embarrassed by the story—it’s not even real, but he’s twitchy and warm, and has the horrible suspicion he may be blushing. He tries to nudge Cas towards the exit; they have all the information they need based on Nellie’s seemingly-impossible story, and this kelpie won’t kill itself.
“You’ll find your own name soon,” she promises. “Come by and visit me next time you’re in town,” and they swear to do just that if they ever come this way again.
“We understand,” Castiel replies. “If it is any consolation, both Dean and I have lost family as well. We know how it feels.”
“May I borrow a pen, Dean?” Cas finally asks, just as Dean’s about to suggest a list of far-fetched possibilities, mostly along the lines of drawing a banishing sigil for when Gabe and Balthy pop back in. Dean figures they can ward the Impala and make a break for somewhere far away. He’ll hate to leave the house, but it won’t be the same without Cas anyway, so what’s the point?
“None of that,” Dean cuts in. He notices everyone else is starting to trickle inside in search of seats; Dean suspects he ought to hurry, too, if he wants a seat worth having. “See you afterwards. We’ll get dinner and celebrate your first performance in front of someone who isn't me."
it, and now it’s cost him innumerable nights he could have been with Cas instead of making sure neither of them crossed the invisible line on the mattress.
, he doesn’t say, “—are complaining about antiquity?”
It only takes fifteen minutes for Harold to lay out the details, but Dean’s theory about a witch is slammed when his EMF meter goes off. He pretends it’s a phone call and shuts it down, but Cas hears it too, and meets Dean’s gaze. What in the world is a ghost doing at an animal shelter?
and Dean fights the way his stomach turns at the thought Cas might never return.
That’s high praise coming from Cas, and it gives Dean the guts to try some himself. A moment later, he realizes the ex-nerdy dude with wings is right. Chess pie is
Cas reaches out to touch a green branch and finally responds: “It’s perfect, Dean.”
letting Cas traverse the world of dance clubs without his supervision. For obvious reasons, Sam and Dean aren’t going in together, so that leaves Dean and Cas trying to dress the part while Sam takes blackmail pictures like the punkass bitch he is.
Dean is not a natural writer: he’s mouthy and crass and his penmanship leaves something to be desired. But when he writes to Cas, he tries to consider his words with more care than he would otherwise. He writes about Sam and Bobby, the hunts they take, the people they meet. He writes about the house, about what he’s done to it: painted the hall, repaired some pipes, cleaned the attic, enclosed the porch (Sam tells him manual labor helps to deal with grief; Dean says he’s not grieving, there’s nothing to grieve
They store it carefully, as though it were a living creature. He opens the case just once to touch a string, and then the smooth, polished side of the cello’s body. It smells like age, like something that has lived through hundreds of songs—kind of like their house, waiting for someone else to love it.
It’s cold, still, when March comes to Kansas. The mornings are made of white light and air that freezes the floors and blankets and window panes, but it seems far away on weekends, when Dean is roused by the voice of Cas’ cello.
, let’s go,” and Castiel is overwhelmed with agreement. He wants nothing more than to do as Dean asks.
She doesn’t wait for their answer; Nellie is halfway across the clean, white floor, heading for the kitchen hiding just behind a pair of purple French doors. Castiel directs his attention to Dean the second she’s gone and says, “I believe she will speak to us about her husband’s death.”
The night is freezing, but Dean keeps the flames high and bright until sunrise, when Cas unearths himself. He silently watches Dean move around their new house, his face open with something Dean doesn’t understand.
, insinuating that is no longer the case.
“We are regular folks,” Cas calmly explains as he takes a seat at the bar. “I will have a beer, as will Dean.”
—and tells himself he needs a better way to say hello. How does one man say hello to another? How do they express care without words? Dean is suddenly angry with everything: his own denial, the stupid gender roles his mother would have hated, the dumb stereotypes that Sam disapproves of. The world tells him a man can’t be
Nellie returns with two cups of coffee in hand.
hold on, because they survived everything to end up here—on a street Dean doesn’t know, in a town he’s yet to navigate—and that makes them one lucky pair.
“They were heartening,” a young man says, wearing jeans and an electric company polo. Dean’s eyebrows rise.
These are the things Gabriel gives before he leaves for Heaven: a legal identity for Cas, a new set of strings for the cello, and the announcement that Balthazar didn’t survive the war. Crowley accepts this with an expression of indifference and a shrug of well-groomed shoulders. Dean doesn’t say a word. It’s been a long eight years worth of Crowley becoming Dean’s half-friend, waiting like Dean, impatient like Dean, only to be the one with no reward for his troubles. He tells himself that Crowley never loved Balthazar, that demons can’t love at all because
Castiel nods, like Dean’s giving his last will and testament. Dean raps his knuckles against the counter top, trying to ratchet up his confidence, and disappears into the press of people.
In the meantime, Dean struggles to figure how to start a letter.
“Never shoulda taken—” Kiss. “—you to that brothel. Why didn’t you tell me—” Kiss. “—we could’ve done this instead?”
have to be the clumsy one? He sighs and figures this is no worse than when he and Sam are mistaken for Significant Others, and anyway, they really need to check out the painting and drawing studio before classes start at 2:00. There's no use mourning his smooth womanizing reputation when their case remains unsolved.
On the night of Dean’s thirty-seventh birthday, the dream is so real that Dean can smell sulfur. He wakes devastated, wondering how Cas can survive this war when Dean can hardly bear the afterimages.
sounds like they’re passing on the street, tossing a casual greeting as they move in different directions.
Cas opens his mouth to say something—another improvised 'how we met' story, no doubt—but Dean beats him to the punch, because Cas may have a secret talent for dreaming up stories, but Dean has an imagination, too.
When Dean is forty, the house reaches its peak: floors shine, furniture matches, walls are painted, trim is clean, appliances work, and Dean has a savings account with money he’s earned delivering boxes in all shapes and sizes. The yard is trimmed and he’s built a small dock for the lake. The house still speaks in groans and squeaky hinges, and the townspeople still joke that Dean is living with a ghost. (This time they’re right.)
far more than anything else right now, and so he lunges to his feet and lets Dean stalk over to him and wrap his arms around Castiel’s neck, just as he did in the car.
—patrons give the newcomers a collective stink-eye. Dean pauses in the doorway to assess the situation. Six against two are poor odds, even if the two are a Winchester and an ex-holy ass-kicker.
Cas looks away. “It is a ridiculous notion. I should not have said anything.”
“The kind I was given.”
“You angels are all so bloody sentimental,” Crowley complains, but he puts the letter in his jacket pocket and is gone between one breath and the next.
This young version of Dean is no less stubborn than the one Castiel knows so well, and it’s clear that Dean
“C’mon, sweetpea,” Dean says, slinging his arm around Castiel's shoulders. "You said you wanted to check out the drawing studio first, right?"
Dean finally gasps out, “Cas, let’s move to the back.
“They simply disapproved,” Cas says. “However, they have... come around since then.”
“Road crew worker wasn’t good enough for Cas. That’s what they thought.”
“I am not hot, nor am I ‘stuff’.”
“Two years,” Cas calmly answers.
?” Dean repeats, because what the hell? Ida's face colors cherry; she's horrified by her assumption.
The stroll is nice: there's a cool breeze puffing through town, and it feels good to stretch his legs—but the bar itself is a creaky, aged hole-in-the-wall, and Dean regrets bringing Cas after all, because they walk through the door and six—seriously, six
Tonight is Cas’ first concert with the civic band. Cynthia was right: civic band is a good idea, and something Cas enjoys. Besides, he's making friends. Part of Dean is jealous; he’s used to being Cas’ only friend, the sole recipient of his attention, but the other part knows this is a piece of humanity he needs to learn: how to interact with other people, even when Dean isn’t there to supervise.
Will, a huge black man, scowls over his pint.
“No,” Gabriel admits. “It’s revolution in Heaven. Raphael burnt the mountains and gates, and we’re still—a lot of us died in the uprising.” He moves to stand next to Cas, who’s still sitting, clutching his mug with white, strained fingers. Gabriel bumps Cas’ arm with his hip. “The soldiers want you, baby bro.”
The music isn’t what Dean would normally put into the Impala’s cassette deck, but he claps the loudest after the last song and whistles from his place five rows back. Cas must know it’s him because his smile grows wide; Carol turns to whisper something to him, and he ducks his head, pleased, black hair shining beneath the lights.
There were flowering bushes and fruit plants closer to the water. Around their calves, flowers were thick and fragrant but cut off suddenly in an impossible semi-circle. Most of the area was clear, save for a firepit made from stones and mortar.
“The door was
Castiel slid him a sidelong look. “Angel. Of. The. Lord.”
He immediately lost control of it as they pressed through the fir trees and he heard Castiel draw in a gasp.
Jack deflated, gaze distant and forlorn. “I hate chores.”
Dean feigned being distracted from their quipping, glancing at him as he set down his bundle of flowers, and shouldered off his backpack. “Wha-? Flowers, Sam. These are called flowers.”
Unable to keep the grin off his face, Dean held up his finger again. “Remember: absolute secrecy. You saw nothing, and you don’t know anything about what you’re about to not see, okay?”
“...Okay.”
week--”
this week!”
“I told you,” said Castiel.
Mouth open, words caught in Dean’s throat because what the heck can you say to something like that?
Dean faltered, then dropped his chain and pushed to his feet again, pruning shears in hand. “Hold that thought,” he told Cas, before going around the perimeter snipping more daisies.
space. You know Sam. You raised him. He understands the need for your own space and things better than anyone else could. Letting people in only shows them a facet that was already there to begin with.” He squeezed Dean’s hand. “It’s not a big deal. It just
Dean met his gaze. “Yeah, well. I guess we keep forgetting we’re supposed to do this as a family instead of on our own… that’s when we’re at our best, right? Better together?”
“Secretly a prince?” Castiel inquired.
“Set up?”
the grass. Got stuff I could carry-- like a scythe. Made pretty quick work of it, actually. That was the easy part.” He lifted and dropped his shoulder. “Then, started stowing gardening tools here, figuring out what I could easily carry here while keeping it to myself, then figured out ways to come out here without drawing attention. And, Jody was right. Having something to keep me busy helped with the restlessness and anxiety.”
“Do you hold it against Eileen that she’s deaf?”
Blue eyes looked at him from beneath dark lashes. “I wish I could spare you the hardships you’ve endured.”
“Dude, it’s not the same—“
, y’know? He’d give me that same forlorn puppy look every time, and I just can’t deal with that.” He stole a sideways glance at Castiel, who nodded. Dean began weaving stems of the flowers together. “And, I don’t know, it’s an old habit we both picked up growing up on the road and in each other’s pockets. When we found certain things, we’d try to keep the other one from finding out, just wanting something strictly
Shoulders shaking, Castiel wiped a hand over his mouth, trying to control his smile. “That sounds about right.”
Eileen looked at Cas and Jack when she couldn’t see Dean’s mouth. Jack began rapidly signing, lips pressed together.
Cas shifted his weight, making their shoulders bump together.
“Have a seat,” he said.
“Hell is the least of your worries, right now.” Dean couldn’t help it; he grinned. Castiel scowled. “You’re not cute. Dean, I’m neither male nor female, and I’m not your species. How much have you helped me through the years? How much do you continue to help?” His expression softened, eyes warming as they roamed over Dean’s face. “You take people in, no questions asked, and you’re there for them every step of the way. Let us love you in return.”
Grabbing the handle on the dishwasher, Sam let it fall open and yanked out one of the full racks. “You wanna know what’s sacred?
The corner of Castiel’s mouth ticked up, eyes bright with mischief and a shared secret. “We wandered a grey wood in the other direction before coming back. It was very boring. I don’t understand the point.”
She looked up, brows raised, before following his like of attention and getting up, as well.
“You’re joking.”
Dean waved him off with a roll of his eyes. “Yeah, yeah. You know there's still gonna be questions. And he’s gonna ask to go.”
“Pretty sure these qualify as a weed,” he said. “Didn’t understand the phrase ‘popping up like daisies’ until I had this little spot. Just knew they were resilient and easy to grow. ‘S why I picked them.”
“Jody noticed because I was driving her
In the library, Sam had arranged himself askew in one of the reading chairs, one long leg hooked over the armrest as he read. He looked up over his book at their commotion, blinking and jerking back in surprise.
Frowning, Sam turned to Eileen. “Babe, you did the board, didn’t you?”
Mouth twisted, Dean balled his hands into fists, bouncing them against Cas’ thighs. “Dick move, by the way.”
Hands on his hips, Dean tilted his chin up, unable to stop smiling. “Pretty sweet, huh?”
“Dude!”
“Trying what?”
Long fingers curled around Dean’s palm, stilling his anxious fiddling.
Dean spluttered, language and words leaving him with only aborted noises and sounds as Castiel continued on to the kitchen, and Dean blushed so hot and fierce he was probably glowing.
Squinting, Dean watched Cas’ back, Cas who was wearing Dean’s clothes and smiled at Dean like they shared a secret joke, who was as much a part of their family and at Dean’s back as one could be. Who said things with a smirk and a glint in his eye like he had his own secrets and mischief.
, but make sure they know what you are asking.” One brow ticked up. “No more being sneaky.”
Hands in his pockets, Sam began whistling as he headed for the library.
Another gasp from Castiel, and then he pushed to his knees, taking it all in again, the countless flowers and fruit-bearing bushes. “Dean, this is…” he let out a breath, “it’s
Castiel kept his hand poised, one brow lifting. “I will do it again. Give me a reason.”
“It wasn’t dumb. You were raised to be fearful of who you are. Apprehension is to be expected, but hopefully, this will show you that the landing’s much softer than you expected,” he said, neatly arranging the daisies together again so he could carry his half into the kitchen. He slid Dean a look as he turned. “And of all the things you are-- brilliant, charming, a pain in the ass-- ‘dumb’ is one thing you
He cut more than maintenance required, humming a Led Zeppelin tune under his breath as he worked. With the rate they grew, Dean could have cut twice as many and still not had to worry about overdoing it.
“I always do,” Dean said. “But which one was it this time?”
Dean was bursting at the seams with the need to move, his skin too small to hold the erupting volcano of anxious energy that could have sent him pinging off the walls.
angel of death, Cas-- who’s playing God and handing out ‘mercy.’ We’re in the middle of talking to a resident when Jody about snaps her pen and shoves to her feet before dragging me off to the side, shoving a nearby thing of yarn and a crochet needle in my hands. ‘Here! Fiddle with this before I shoot you and call it self-defense.’”
“Sometimes I used two machetes. Dual-wielding was fun.”
Dean tossed aside a dishrag, already heading from the kitchen. “Just a misunderstanding, don’t worry about it.” He faltered in the doorway and turned, eyes narrowed and pointing at Sam. “You ever touch my mug again, though, know that your hair will never be safe. Nair. Dye. Scissors. You never know what or when. Understand?”
“These will die so soon.” he turned his head, and they were looking at each other, blue eyes that deep, unfathomable intent. “When they do, will you make me another?”
A breathy laugh punching out of him, Dean scooped up his arm full of daisies and followed after them into the kitchen.
Sam slid his brother a look. “Sorry I got mad at you.” Dean waved him off. “And that I went in yours and Cas’ room to take your mug. That was petty. I’m sorry.”
“Oh, I understand John Winchester was an abusive asshole--” a snorting laugh burst out of Dean, “but I meant about being only 99% sure. And what exactly is… that?”
had dishes.”
Castiel looked over his shoulder. Rather than the wide-eyed surprise or embarrassment, there was patient amusement there.
His eyes narrowed. “You mean
and could barely hear you? And
“Yeah, this did not go down remotely like I thought it would,” he admitted after a long pause. He frowned. “Now, I feel kind of dumb.”
, even-- something
Sam and Eileen returned, both carrying several jars and jugs.
turn up the heat, the frog doesn’t notice and doesn’t jump out. See? But I’m the frog.”
Castiel’s hands had stilled, and he looked around again. “You did an amazing job. It’s beautiful.”
tell you the story, but I also won’t bring you back here with me.”
Sam chuckled and waved him off. “Yeah, yeah, no touching the sacred artifacts.” Hazel eyes slid to the table. “And Jack?”
Castiel’s eyes went up, though he couldn’t see the crown. “I got an upgrade. I like this one much better.”
“You make a valid point,” Castiel commented as they climbed the stairs.
, not a separate building.”
“Because I am tired of your self-deprecating nonsense.”
Dean plucked a broken daisy stem, flicking the flower at Castiel’s face.
“...Like crocheting.” Dean blinked and looked up. “It takes a sort of… precision to do.”
Jack leaned closer, voice low. “Is this a prank war?”
Dean tried and failed, to contain his excitement, biting the inside of his cheek in an attempt to at least rein in his grin.
“About needing… breathing room, I suppose.”
He made it sound so simple. So normal. But it wasn’t. It never had been. You stowed your crap; you adapted and got by. You didn’t go out there making other people aware of your weak points, expecting them to compensate and pick up the slack or add to the list of crap on their own plate.
“Nothing I can think of that we might need.” He waved, dismissive. “That’s for people in houses, not people who live in a bunker.”
I do. Thought it might be good to run recon of the area, anyway, see if we needed to put in any sort of safety measures. Aaaand I found this place.” His mouth twisted. “It was pretty much overgrown with tall grass and weeds, you know? Made the area unusable and a hot spot for snakes and other things. And, well, we’ve got machetes in spades.”
“That she experiences the world differently than you, forcing you to meet her halfway? That she learned to speak and read lips, but you’re also having to learn
“You wanna get off?” Dean groused, shooting him a side glare. The corner of Cas’ mouth tugged up in a smirk, and Dean realized why, shoving ineffectually at him as his face went tomato red. “Off
.’ Dude, I kid you not, I was scared to make a sound the rest of the day. She made me bring the crochet stuff with us and handed the front desk a twenty.”
“We picked them, Sam! From the garden. My garden. We need jars.”
Dean found Cas sitting at the table in the kitchen, reading.
Sam shoved a hand toward the far wall, all eyes following the gesture. “We have a
. When we found something, we guarded it jealously.”
Castiel’s lips spread in a gummy smile. “I already have you on the ground, Dean. Means I already won. Also, I lied. You are cute, but I promise not to tell anybody.”
Castiel stroked the pad of his thumb over Dean’s knuckles. “No two pairs of eyes see the world the same. It’s not a bad thing, it just
every week like
Dean shook his head. “It’s not that sim—“
“Killing two birds with one stone,” Dean said. He went to the fridge, retrieving several water bottles to put into the backpack. “Gonna get some air and give Sam and Eileen space.” He bit his bottom lip before carefully turning his gaze to Castiel. “You want to come?”
Dean flinched when Castiel covered his hands with one of his own. He dragged his gaze up, meeting Castiel’s gaze head-on.
Sam’s brow was furrowed, head tilting like a confused labrador. “...Why do you
Dean kinda loved him for it.
?” Sam echoed, his whole body somehow conveying indignation.
They shared a secret smile.
“They’re just going to die anyway,” Dean quipped.
“Yeah,” agreed Dean. “Of course, I don’t know the first thing about crochet and I’m just staring at her blankly. I think I said as much, because she snaps at me, ‘Start with a slip knot, then make a chain. I’m sure you Winchester boys know your way around knots.
“Yeah, sure.” He jerked his head at Eileen, reaching out to squeeze her fingers and smile before they headed for the corridor.
, and it’s your
Rather than climbing off, Castiel leaned forward, planting a hand by Dean’s face.
Sam laughed and pushed away from the counter. “Everybody hates chores, kid. They’ve still gotta get done. Best to put on some music and get it out of the way.”
“And I don’t need a memory foam mattress, but it’s a wonderful thing to have. Here. Overshirt and undershirt. Here are jeans, and you can try these boots.” Huffing out a breath, hands on hips, Dean surveyed his selections and nodded to himself, clapping Cas on the shoulder as he passed by him. “You change. I’m gonna tell Sam we’re heading out.”
“What’s this?” he asked as he stood. He waved to get Eileen’s attention.
Walking, Dean closed his eyes, breathing deep and feeling lighter for it, before opening his eyes again. Just getting to move helped the jittering under his skin, but being out in the open, with the clean air and the sun warm on his skin… Hell, it was practically a sedative.
“So, uh, there I am up at Jody’s working a case with her, but, uh. I mean, you know how these things go. Like a frog in a pot of hot water.”
Coughing, Dean swallowed and cleared his throat. “So, uh, yeah. There I am, no longer a demon, free of the Mark, free of Amara, went through all that with Kelly and Jack, lost you, lost mom, and just... God, so much going wrong at every turn. Like, forget killing my liver, the stress was going to get me first. Wouldn’t even get the chance to drive me insane first.”
Dean shrugged. “And do what? Sit around making blankets we don’t really need? Seemed like a fast track to clutter.”
“I may not be able to completely understand your experience, Dean, but there’s nothing wrong with it, either.” Blue eyes searched Dean's face. “I experience the world differently than you, than Sam, differently than even
He winced, shoulders hunched up and casting furtive glances that managed to not meet anyone’s eye. “I
“Because we live underground! I told you! Not like we can open a window or something,” he gestured to the flowers laid out on the map table, “so bringing a little bit of the outside in.” He turned back to Castiel. “With your logic, we might as well put at least one in the kitchen. Break up all the silver and beige.”
Bundle of daisies securely held in his hands, Castiel tilted his head. “Don’t you have any vases?”
“Donate them?”
Face breaking out into a grin even as he blushed, Dean lifted his hand to thwack Cas in the middle of his forehead with thumb and middle finger. “Flirt.”
Castiel rolled onto his side, propped up on his elbow. “You know--”
All heads slowly turned toward the nephilim.
Dean shoved a hand toward him. “Thank you!”
, Cas. Do you wanna get
Jack flinched.
The smirk he got in return was playful. “Peace and quiet? With Winchesters? I very much doubt that.”
Sam schooled his features, brows drawing together. “Jack… you can’t do that. It’s not fair, and it’s not honest. Families and teams mean everybody works
“I take it Jody noticed?”
I’d already done the floors for the week? When I had the
“I assume it’s because there’s enough human in him that he requires things like showers and changes of clothes, whereas I do not.”
“We could put a jar on each table of the library,” Cas offered. “A pop of white against all the brown.”
“And this?” Castiel’s elegant fingers touched Dean’s hand.
Dean straightened. “It’s. Not. My. Week.” He tossed the dishcloth into the sink, swinging around to point. “
Dean stared after them, brows furrowed. He felt… he wasn’t sure ‘bereft’ was the correct word, but like he’d missed something. A skip and forward jump in the song that left out the verse. Pages missing from a book.
“SAMMY!!!”
Heat crept up Dean’s neck and to his face. He had to look away. Being looked at, scrutinized with such earnestness was too much.
,” Dean insisted.
Dean looked at him. “Angel Radio is completely cut off, then?”
“--brought way too many,” Dean tossed over his shoulder as they entered the bunker. “I don’t know why I let you talk me into this. What are we going to put them in?”
“I have bad news for you about the circle of life, Dean,” Cas stated, voice grave. “They would die outside, too.”
influence! I’ve taught an angel to swear! What level of hell is that going to send me to? Y’know, just so I can be prepared.”
Cas probably didn’t get how much Dean was showing his hand here. There was no way to excuse away a firepit or an obvious perimeter. There wasn’t any reason Dean would have gardening tools safely tucked away in a bag unless he used them.
Cas’ lips wobbled with a barely suppressed laugh, and he turned his head away, rubbing a hand over his mouth.
for a
flowers?”
Even still, Dean could feel Castiel’s gaze on him.
Dean scowled. “You’re cheating.”
Dean blew a raspberry. “Yeah, that’s what all his teachers used to say, too.”
Cas’ mouth clicked shut.
“I do
A shiver ran down the length of Dean’s spine when the pad of Cas’ thumb brushed over his skin. “Just from this exchange, it’s clear the garden is
‘Can we try it the other way this time?’ Cas murmured against Dean’s earlobe. ‘I want to feel you inside me.’
Over the years Dean had frequently tried to connect Cas with women, Nora being the latest example. Dean seemed oblivious to the fact that he was utterly indifferent to sexual orientation. Jimmy’s face was handsome, at least by current North American standards, and angels were not grotesque or repellent creatures—Cas presumed he could have attracted many sentient lifeforms. But he couldn’t imagine wanting anyone more than he wanted Dean, who identified as a straight man yet was sexually attracted to men as well as women. He’d had casual sex with men in early adulthood, though he’d never told any of his loved ones about this. He had just been ‘blowing off steam’, it was ‘any port in a storm’ back then, he’d ‘grown out of it’, sometimes he’d ‘needed the money for Sammy’, it was ‘messed up’. Cas wished he hadn’t seen into Dean’s mental compartments while rebuilding his body and mind, partly out of self-preservation but also because that had been non-consensual too.
‘Yeah, like that matters.’
When Cas ended the call, Dean snorted a laugh. ‘An opportunity
‘Well, I didn’t, okay?’ Usually when Dean’s voice took on that defensive tone, when he was ‘acting like an asshole’ because he felt vulnerable, he needed space, he needed to move. But he remained where he was, standing between Cas’s spread thighs. His neck was completely red now, his face flushed, perhaps from guilt or embarrassment or shame. ‘I just …’ He raised his head a little and shook it. Clearly he’d made the decision not to divulge further information. He had the right to remain silent, under the laws of his land.
Dean was almost silent, no profanity, just quiet grunts, his eyes wide open and pupil-black and mesmerised, almost crossed, the fur of his hairline slicked with perspiration. His thumb nudged the corner of Cas’s mouth; Cas bit down on it, tasting bitter salt. Something like panic seared up through his chest, and he came untouched, all over them both.
‘Why would Ezekiel do that?’
Dean kissed the Enochian tattoo and traced its outline. As he gazed down at it, he said, ‘You, uh, told me you had nothing when you fell.’
Was this that same T-shirt? It now made Cas think of Marlon Brando and James Dean and other actors he’d fantasised about, trying to replace Dean in his mind’s eye. Sometimes Cas could appreciate human gender norms.
Then the mysterious pain in his chest turned into something that felt good, like eating Reese’s Pieces but better. Also confusing, as though he’d opened the plastic wrapper of a urinal soap to find a peanut butter cup inside.
Dean turned around, finally, with his mouth quirked. ‘What the hell am I supposed to do with a dork like you?’
Cas didn’t pay attention to the purchase; he was staring at his distorted reflection in the blank TV screen. Just over a hundred years ago, the invention of the camera had taken him by surprise. He’d learned about it while inhabiting his previous vessel, a young woman with long brown hair that she wore in an elaborate style with a jaunty green hat perched on top. She had smelled of soap, starch and sweat, and had never been touched intimately by a man. One time recently she had made love with another woman, her close friend, but she did not like to think of this. In fact, she was so terrified of being sent to hell that the memory pulsed into Castiel’s frequency. Warm, wet skin, soft kisses all over, full white breasts, coral-pink nipples, freckles on pale cheeks, a tingling sensation that built to waves of orgasm—Castiel had experienced it but hadn’t really felt it.
Cas’s brain flared white-hot, his body burning up. Dean murmured, ‘Now, Cas,’ moaning roughly as Cas obeyed. It didn’t feel like it had before; not any of the times before. The sensation was akin to flight but also to hunger. He could never get enough of this.
. He was a human, and did not deserve to be an angel.
‘Yeah, me too,’ Dean said, his voice a poorly repaired engine.
‘Dunno, but come on, man, what else is happening here? Maybe I could’ve kept lying to myself, but I can’t lie to you, not anymore.’ Dean bent his head, as though in prayer. ‘God, I’m so
Then a loud
good, Dean. I always wanted that.’
‘You were stupid for the right reasons.’
Cas traced his hand down the side of Dean’s face and tried to say the words with his eyes, because saying them out loud would surely spook Dean, whose smile had softened, turning vulnerable, his eyes wet. He pressed the palm of his hand to Cas’s chest. ‘We, uh, shouldn’t fall asleep like this.’
He gestured with his eyes that he would clean them up this time, and so their bodies parted. When Cas let out a sigh, Dean kissed him, hard and slick, then clambered off the bed to return with another towel. His face was shy, gentle, while he wiped them down hesitantly, staring at Cas as though his weak, sticky human body was a miracle.
‘No, you haven’t,’ Cas said, understanding. ‘You’re asking if I give my enthusiastic consent—I read an article about it in the
Dean kissed him. But Dean’s hands were still knotted together, so Cas ran his fingers over them until they unfurled, and then Dean’s arms were around him again.
Tilting his head, Cas gazed up into Dean’s eyes. ‘I have trouble sleeping, like many humans. Yourself included.’
,’ before he turned their bodies, not separating their mouths as he pushed Dean onto the bed, firm but not aggressive, holding him there, tasting him, pressing his hips down with both hands, the injury be damned. Dean grunted, and Cas couldn’t stop saying his name. They were fumbling with their pants, hands tangling as they tugged, finally getting them off, socks too, shoving them onto the floor.
Dean’s thighs were shaking; surely he was still weakened from what they’d done earlier in the night. Still wet and sore deep inside. That thought nearly ruined Cas. He arched his back, struggling to rub his cock against Dean, who was holding himself away. It was so frustrating that Cas gave a pathetic whimper.
The reaper had worn make-up, probably tested on animals, which had smeared all over Cas’s face until they both smelt like chemicals. April’s body had been nearly hairless, very smooth and without blemishes. He had enjoyed touching it, especially the breasts, and had thrilled at the endorphin high from ejaculating inside it. But even before he knew about the reaper, he would have preferred to be in his previous vessel reuniting with her friend, if they had both consented.
Dean nodded slowly. ‘Sammy was dying, you were human, what else was I supposed to do? Zeke said it was the only way, and I believed him.’ Dean removed his hand and stopped looking at Cas; he was facing the window, its venetian blinds still outlined in neon, no daylight yet. ‘You said I could trust him.’
In a Rexford motel room lit by a fluorescent wall lamp, Cas and Dean kissed, deep and wet, Dean tasting a little like strong stale coffee, familiar, not artificial, not a dream, not too rich or salty or sweet, not clean but not dirty. The black T-shirt was on the floor, Dean’s smooth bare chest under Cas’s hands, and his nipples, then the tattoo, finally beneath Cas’s tongue. There was no mention of freshening up; no words at all. Dean panted hot breaths into his hair, guiding him backward to the bed, his knees hitting the edge of the mattress. Then a
Cas used to wonder how humans hadn’t burned their whole world. The temptation to set fires was so strong, and it was so easy, and there was so much fuel. But by the time he sat on that motel bed in Rexford, he had learned that sometimes you could only strike the match and hold it near to the fuel, an inch away, without lowering it, without moving, and remain perfectly still until it flared to a stub and flickered out.
After Cas kissed slowly down Dean’s body, pausing again at the tattoo before he explored Dean’s trembling belly, he took his hot, reddened cock in his mouth, learning that Dean tasted better than he could have hoped, as he opened him with his lube-slicked fingers. Dean was using every curse word in his American-English lexicon, and alternated between calling Cas ‘fucker’ and ‘sweetheart’. Cas revelled in Dean’s body hair and sweat, his musk, the fact he didn’t smell like anything but himself, an animal. These were the pleasures of the flesh. Dean twisted his hips but kept them down against the mattress, never choking Cas, stroking his hair. Dean’s words broke into syllables until he was groaning and whining. Finally he managed to beg, ‘Please,
. ‘You’ve got one hell of an ego, buddy. I don’t remember proposing—’
A reason that only now occurred to Cas: he’d wanted the mark to remain.
.’ He slammed his fist against the mattress. ‘I kept thinking you had to be okay, but you were gone, Cas. Right in front of me, forever. And Zeke healed you, just like that. Good as new. Without him I would’ve heard about a John Doe in the morgue, had to find you like that.’ Dean’s breath hitched. ‘So I had you back, I had Sam back, and Zeke seemed like a decent guy. I started thinking how it would be.’
Before the reaper had non-consensual sex with Cas, she’d gone into April’s bathroom to ‘freshen up’. She obviously expected Cas to freshen up too, and so he had, using the wet wipes beside her sink. As he lay naked and cosy under April’s freshly laundered sheets, relieved not to be sleeping rough in the rain, the reaper placed approximately fifteen paraffin candles around the room; they were all shapes and sizes, and most of them smelled like a batch of freshly baked cookies Dean had once bought from a tiny bakery, called snickerdoodles. Except the scent of the candles was slightly off, as artificial scents always were, not quite realistic enough to be delicious.
Cas was about to apologise, but Dean shivered and kissed him on the mouth and said, ‘Yeah, fuck yeah,’ and they were sliding their underwear off, and they were bare, wet and burning hot against each other.
,’ Cas said, pressing his injured hand to Dean’s chest, the bandage scraping over the smooth skin, catching on a nipple.
Dean smirked and ran a finger along Cas’s stubbled jaw, eyeing his mouth in a familiar way—he’d done it before, hundreds of times, while Cas had tried, carefully and firmly, to deny its significance. Now Cas could almost hear him thinking,
Dean hung his head and pressed the palm of his right hand to the back of his neck, one of his characteristic nervous gestures. Why was he nervous? Perhaps he was about to leave, drive home. He did not step away. ‘Listen, buddy. Back at the bunker, I’m sorry I told you to go. I know it’s been hard on you. But you’re, um, you’re …’ He hesitated and tried to smile, but then he shook his head and mumbled, ‘You know I didn’t want to kick you out, right?’
, materialised in Cas’s mind at least once a day, just as ‘Burning for You’ sometimes played in his head late at night with no relief. Despite the human talent for compartmentalisation, mosquitos of information broke through.
, Dean.’
to me, damn it, I
He was sitting on the edge of the bed as Dean bandaged his wrist and palm. The touch of Dean’s fingers was painful, worse than boiling water from the Gas-n-Sip coffee machine. Cas kept his eyes lowered and his hand steady; he had endured worse without complaint. But why did it hurt so much?
, and pulled it from the shelf with a flicker of sexual interest. That buzz of mammalian arousal, the vibrations it caused in the air around their bodies, had been well known to Castiel since their creation. So why had Dean’s struck him like a burst of atomic radiation? Perhaps because it followed from Castiel’s first experience of tenderness towards a human body and soul, the compassion that had rippled through his frequency as he’d healed Dean. But something else had happened too. A few minutes earlier, Castiel had observed Dean lift the hem of the T-shirt to expose his chest, which looked different now he was alive and flushed and sparkling with energy. Different in a way that reminded Castiel of his previous vessel touching her lover’s breasts. Then Dean pushed up his sleeve, revealing the handprint, reddened and sore, that Castiel for some reason had not been able to heal.
He’d worried those memories might fade, but even with the alteration of his conscious mind from celestial wavelength to pulsing squishy neurons, they remained accurate, brighter and clearer than any others. Perhaps because Cas had replayed them to himself many hundreds of times, the way humans transformed scenes from their favourite television shows and films into gifs, looping a few seconds of the characters’ expressions, reading desire into every eyelash flutter, every swallow, every stare that lasted more than a second. The memories were just as clear in analogue as digital; somehow, they were warmer.
Now Dean was all the way inside him, and the same thumb that had been raised at him as he’d brought a rose to Nora, that weapon-callused, work-hardened thumb, was tracing up the centre of his Adam’s apple, and he was saying Dean’s name, nothing but that, as he moved, Dean’s cock dragging and pushing much deeper than fingers could go.
Cas was staring at his lips and had trouble making sense of the question. ‘What?’
‘You awake?’ Dean asked.
Cas finally understood. ‘You made a deal. With Crowley?’ Dean shook his head, and Cas took a guess. ‘Ezekiel.’
Naomi had told him he’d come off the assembly line with a crack in his chassis. Because of Dean, Cas had occasionally widened that crack until he shattered. Now there was no more chassis, nothing to crack except bones. Flesh oozed its juices, thumping its thick sticky blood, leaking saliva, mucus, semen, sweat, urine and excrement. And ear wax, of course. What had been his vessel was now simply his body, to have and to hold till death did they part. A body with muscles that would degrade without proper maintenance. Perhaps his hairline would recede, wrinkles gathering around his eyes. Soon he might have a paunch and a bad back. He might go bald. In a few years he might be unrecognisable to Dean, who would still be lean and lithe, smelling of leather and gun oil. Or Dean would die and his soul would go to heaven, where it would be joined by those of humans he’d loved.
Cas might one day own a little house in Rexford. He might marry a woman, or a man if the American humans finally realised this was acceptable; he’d heard them discussing it intensely on news broadcasts.
He had observed this scenario in several pornographic videos he’d downloaded onto his phone at the Rexford library before they’d noticed his account activity and banned him from the premises, so he picked a favourite technique. It pleased him that all those hours of writhing around in his sleeping-bag covered in bodily fluids had been time well spent.
Dean switched off the wall lamp and folded himself, warm and smooth and safe, against Cas’s chest, and Cas held him close.
With a slow smile, Cas said, ‘I’m sure you can think of something. I mean, if you’re not too tired.’
That was one good thing he’d done as an Angel of the Lord: reassuring the misguided vessel about her desires. Informing her there was no divine punishment for consensual sexual activity of any kind.
. I understand. Sam’s life was at stake.’ Cas took his hand and squeezed it, but Dean shook his head, pulled his hand away.
‘No!’ Dean pressed a hand over his eyes. ‘Fuck, no. Sammy wants you there too.’
, huh?’
stupid.’ His voice had that harsh, self-scolding rasp, the one Cas believed his father had used like a belt.
Cas stroked his hands over Dean’s back, and he turned to whisper against his stubble-rough cheek, ‘I apologise, Dean, I didn’t mean to—’
‘We don’t have to—’
‘Yes, an opportunity has arisen,’ said Cas, failing to sound nonchalant as he pressed himself back against Dean, ‘in several senses of that word. I’ll be spending the rest of my life with that opportunity, however I can.’
Dean pulled back and turned away, and Cas couldn’t breathe.
With a blissed-out smile, Dean went quiet and still, breathing deep and even. Then he was kissing Cas’s chest, his shoulders, clinging to him.
‘Yes.’
‘When you gotta get to work?’
He was back into it, their crucible, just their breaths, curse words, their names, their sweat. Gripping Dean’s soft bare hip with his good hand, bruising flesh down to the bone, still needing to be deeper, both of them panting as Cas stroked Dean’s cock between them. Dean’s gasps cut off before his body clenched around Cas, and their eyes met as Dean shuddered, groaned, ‘
‘Yeah,
,’ and Cas moved up the bed while tugging him down until they met in the middle.
That somehow made it all better; how had Dean known exactly what to say? Cas grinned up at him. ‘But, Dean, you never got a bell for me.’
‘It does,’ Cas insisted. ‘Sometimes that’s all that matters. Listen to me, Sam is strong. If he knew an angel was possessing him, he could fight. He could cast Ezekiel out.’ Dean’s breath caught, but he didn’t move. Cas would need to tread carefully. ‘Dean,’ he said, calm and steady, ‘I thought I was saving heaven. I got played too.’
In their damp cotton underwear, they rubbed together on top of the scratchy comforter, no finesse, pleasure burning up Cas’s spine. Cas knew this body so well, loved it so well, and he wanted to be inside it, come inside it, make Dean sweat and groan his name and come all over their skin, like Cas had imagined in April’s bathroom.
‘I mean, I thought about what happened. With April. You know, I was proud of you for finally getting some. Thought it was kinda funny, and stuff like that’s happened to me and Sammy too. Lots of times.’ He shook his head, pinching the bridge of his nose, and his voice flattened. ‘But it wasn’t right, Cas. What they did to us. What she did to you.’
On a whim, Castiel glances down at his book, only for the words to sharpen. The descriptions reveal sigils, and his heart clenches in apprehension. “No.”
“Dean-”
Dean lets out a dry chuckle. “Of course. Now you’re going to deny it.” He spins on his heel, heading for the door.
The woman fixed a disapproving stare on Dean, mouth twisting with doubt. “Broke,” she repeated.
“I’m going out,” Castiel stated before the other man could ask. He was already halfway up the stairs when Sam called out for him to stop. His hand froze, hovering over the door handle.
“You really don’t care.” Sam doesn’t tear his focus from his book.
“I’ve changed my mind. Letting you leave is too much of a mercy.”
Dean took another swig of beer, ignoring the searching glance his brother shot him from across the map table. Miracle lay beside his chair, tail thumping softly on the hard floor.
Though he would never admit it to Sam, the hunt had been more difficult than anticipated. Instead of a single restless ghost, there had been three vengeful spirits, each intent on ripping his heart out. The ache in his ribs and bruises blooming upon his face told of how well that turned out.
“Dean.” Castiel shifted away from his grasp so they were facing each other. “Why did you do it?”
“What the-”
“- and you come through it all to tell me you
Eileen mournfully held up her phone, displaying a chain of texts she’d sent, all gone unseen. “Nothing still,” she confirmed.
“How much?” he asks.
Dean nods, and asks, as though inquiring to the state of the weather: “Am I old enough yet?”
Cas sucks in a sudden breath and moves towards Dean, leaning forward as if to kiss him, and Dean’s heartbeat doubles—but then a hand touches Cas’ shoulder and he crumples to the ground, unconscious. Gabriel stands behind him, his arm still extended.
Dean’s always been an awful writer and avoids it like a chore, but for Cas he’s willing to pen a freaking
“I do not desire to make an exchange. You may have this without trade,” Castiel insists. Why is Dean being so stubborn? Why can people not accept gifts freely offered to them? “I only wish to rest with you.”
“Yeah? Which one’s your favorite?”
During late June, they find themselves in San Fransisco investigating a—yes, fine, laugh up the cliché—gay club. Dean’s totally ready to let Sam and Cas take the lead on this one, except there are two problems: 1) Sam and Cas make the world's most awkward-looking couple, and 2) Dean just isn’t
December barrels through with a force. Dean imagines the White Witch abandoned her ice castle and has come to inhabit their small town, trailing harsh, gray weather behind her. It even
“That’s flattering—” And creepy. “—but I’m due for a drink. My friend’s waiting for me,” but when Dean looks over, Cas is gone.
But Dean is stubborn, and isn’t afraid of ghosts.
“Okay, remember, it’s probably just a fairy, but be careful,” Sam cautions. “All the vics were taken from this club."
And then Dean gets lucky.
Two days later, Dean picks up the cello and manages to squeeze the case into the Impala’s back seat. Dean’s mostly pleased with himself, until he realizes that he hasn’t considered where to stash it until Christmas rolls around. He briefly considers one of those monthly storage facilities, but he’s paying enough for the cello as it is. The attic probably isn’t the best location, and Cas’ll surely find it if Dean tries to hide something so big in the basement. It’s times like these he wishes they lived closer to Bobby.
A hundred women in a hundred towns have given Dean their number, but he keeps this one safely in his wallet. He thinks he understands her: she's lost a brother and is doing what she can to be respectful of what he left behind. Dean knows all about that, though he has the fortune of having Sam returned to him. That’s why Cas is here, now. That’s what he sacrificed to get Sam and Adam out of the cage.
Dean grunts. “Hunting trip.”
“Computers, man. I need to check job listings, see what’s available around here,” because they can’t live off the kindness of their friends, and Dean’s eager to start earning an honest living so that Cas can have a proper bed and pillows that aren’t balled-up jackets.
“Hey,” the guy says. “C’mon and dance with me.”
“Can I at least drive you somewhere? Your hotel? Your house?” he asks. “A brothel, maybe?”
Castiel shoots Dean a look from the corner of his eye, sly as a fox, a half-smile playing on his lips.
Cas gently coaxes the flames to life, adding the wood and tinder they collected that afternoon. Behind the lake are woods, where they lost two hours wandering under the pretense of picking logs just dry enough to burn. The memory is fresh in Dean’s mind: Cas navigating the maze of trees, never straying too far from Dean’s sight, his hair haloed in branches while his fingers brushed against bark.
“Yeah? You going to make me?”
This year, Dean scrapes enough extra dollars together to buy them real a Christmas tree. He hangs the lights as a surprise for Cas, who’s disappeared to the library again, and leaves them on as night falls. It’s something out of a magazine, the kind with photos of big, happy, real families—Dean thinks, with a punch of pride, that he and Cas are
strong.
Dean thinks Cas looks good with silver streaks and crow’s feet.
? Dean’s so pissed that he’s ready to leave on principal, but Cas pushes against his back to propel him onwards.
They don’t have
Cas wears his best clothes that night, and Dean locates the one shirt that’s not beaten to hell, tucking it in so that he doesn’t look like a slob. He drives them to the local college’s auditorium, where people are already milling around outside, ignoring the cold as best they can. This fine arts scene isn’t usually Dean’s cup of tea, but he’s faked his way through so many hunts that he can surely fake his way through this.
Now that she mentions it, Dean notices the place is piled high with boxes, like a kingdom within a house. Moving away, or running away. Dean knows the signs.
Cas, a solider by trade, doesn’t fear the work that lies ahead. He cleans the bathrooms while Dean gets busy scraping the walls, and they open the windows to air out any memories that don’t belong to them. Father Winter barges in uninvited, but Dean counters that by heating cans of soup over the fire and boiling Cas some tea. Once they’re too tired to clean anymore, Dean suggests a trip the library.
“It’s how we met. I’m in civil construction and the street needed pavin’. My crew blocked his store entrance for nearly a week.”
“Still think you should’ve flown back to the Pearly Gates," Dean finally says. "It's gotta be better than freezing your ass off down here.”
“We can go somewhere else,” Dean offers, though he’s in the mood for a cold one, and he spotted a dive just a few blocks west. Cas merely shakes his head and leads the way.
The realization strikes like a sudden slap: this all makes a sharp, painful sense, this dark bit of road, this exchange of money, and he pushes Dean’s hands back with an urgency that leaves them both startled.
That’s all wrong, too, mostly because Dean suspects “it” is going badly.
“Really?” the guy presses. “I don’t see him anywhere.”
“He has hearts in his eyes and everything!” Eric laughs. He, like everyone else, has made the assumption that Dean and Cas are an item—and why shouldn’t he? Hell, they live together, and Dean bought him a damn cello for Christmas.
Cas looks like he wants to protest, but Dean is out the door before he can say anything. His stomach is in knots as he carefully removes the cello from the Impala and brings it inside, and these knots keep twisting when Cas peers at the case without speaking.
Cas breathes deep and closes the distance.
Castiel half-smiles in his customary way, and answers, “No, we did not. He is a fireman and I am a lawyer. He saved my house from burning down.”
Henry grins. “I see. Well, look, I know everyone’s stories around here, so toss an old man a bone and tell me about yourselves.”
. He stares at the words—
“And did you know?” she asks as she pushes the pie over the counter. “That he would be special to you?”
They clean and build and sleep on a mattress without a frame or box spring; they wander the woods together for kindle; Cas absorbs the entire Harry Potter series at night, quietly breathing next to Dean as he turns the pages. Later he tells Dean it’s a story about three young people who risk everything to fight against a tyrant. Dean appreciates the poetic similarities.
“I see. He wanted to look nice when he saw you again.”
“No one casually gives away forty bucks!” Dean argues, and Castiel wishes he'd known this beforehand; perhaps Dean would have taken a mere twenty without argument, though that is somehow doubtful. “Look, I’m not a charity case. Just tell me what you want
The word
Just like Dean.
for snapping—it's been such a hassle enrolling,
a real family, apple pie and all. He’s still standing there when Cas gets home with a new stack of novels in hand. He stops when he sees the tree.
Around five o’clock on Christmas Eve, Dean pretends they need some more sweet potatoes. He promises to be right back, and jumps into the Impala. He
Her expression crumbles the moment
“You’ll both feel very comfortable here,” Ida says as they start down the hallway. “Every walk of life comes through this building, so two lovebirds like yourselves are free to be as open as you want.”
“If I am to have such a name,” Castiel says, sounding reasonable, “then perhaps we should have a real romance to go with it.”
“Hey,” Dean says, stepping closer. "How many stories about us have you dreamed up?”
Dean writes faithfully every month. There are never replies (which he expects); the dreams stop coming (which he doesn’t), and he’s struck with a dizzying panic, thinking the sender is no longer alive to pass them along. Cas could be dead and he’ll never know, not until it’s over, and only if Gabe and Balthazar are kind enough to tell him for certain.
“You know what? I believe you,” Dean states, and then crooks his finger, indicating for Castiel to come closer. He does so without pause.
“Yes,” Castiel breathes. “
anything, but Dean knows—if not from their expressions, then from life experience: he’s been happy too long, which means it’s time for a kick in the balls from the universe.
His smile widens until it’s a full grin, scrunched nose and all.
Dean has dealt with a fair share of angels, menacing agents of fate in MIB suits, but this crew is different. He realizes these are the soldiers who fought for so long without anyone to write to them, to remind them that somewhere else was a person waiting for their return.
“Fairies?” Will helpfully suggests. “Hell, Henry’s the biggest fairy in town. Everyone knows.”
“If I had any more, I would give it to you,” Castiel says, and feels guilty that he has no additional money at his disposal.
?” Dean echoes, disbelieving these words as he disbelieves everything else: the goodness of his soul, his salvation, the fact
“You know what firecrackers get around here?” Henry asks, retrieving two more bottles. “A free round. Sounds like you boys deserve it.”
Dean’s eyebrows rise as he glances over at Cas, who’s conveniently flipping through his folder of sheet music. Even in the dark, Dean can tell his ears have turned red.
“Oh! Well, I just thought—you mentioned sharing a place, and I saw you both drive up in the same car.”
right, and he's
“Ask,” Castiel tells him, “and I will endeavor to explain to the best of my ability.”
“It’s our time now,” he agrees as their bodies sing
, because the house was never haunted and never will be, if he has anything to say about it.
“But it’s our time now,” Dean clarifies, and Castiel nods, feels a smile on his face.
Cas clears his throat and promises to join them on stage. Dean shakes their hands and says he’s glad to meet them (because he actually
“I will go with you,” he offers, but Dean’s sure they’ll stand out like neon lights if anyone spots Cas’ inevitably awkward attempts at dancing.
Dean slides down a wall and lands gracelessly on the floor. Cas walks in a moment later, having checked to see whether the water is connected. (It isn’t.) Like the house, they are frail; like the house, they are hollow; but Dean watches Cas clean out the fireplace and knows they have a smoldering inside them, too, a flame that will light and warm them through the coming months of snow.
Dean salts the doors and windows; Cas wards the floors.
Castiel glances at Dean from across the checker-clothed table. Fortunately, he’s learned that telling the truth about how they met—or anything about their lives, really—isn't the best way to make friends and influence people. (Dean will never forget the interview in Waterville, Maine.
Dean thinks he’ll always remember how vibrantly Betty’s red coat contrasts against the snowy horizon while the house sleepily groans beneath their feet.
And because Cas is sort of terrifying, the guy does exactly that. Dean watches him leave and then turns back to Castiel, who raises his eyebrows in silent question:
On the eve of the first day of spring, someone touches Dean’s shoulder as he’s drifting off to sleep for the night. He jerks and glares up at Crowley, who knows better than to invade Dean’s bedroom. Crowley arches an eyebrow.
“At a cafe. He was in a hurry and accidentally spilled coffee on my coat,” Castiel replies. Ida
kissed and kiss
?” Dean places an especially sarcastic emphasis on the endearment. Castiel looks thoughtful.
“I am not going,” Cas declares, like a man standing in the path of an avalanche, calmly asking it to turn back the way it came. “You are an archangel, Gabriel. They do not need me anymore, nor do I wish to return. Please leave.”
. I saw it happen with my own eyes, but it must have been a trick of the light—”
-Albert Einstein
Dean fishes one out of the drawer beneath the toaster. Cas tears off a paper towel from the roll and uncaps the pen. At first Dean thinks he’s drawing a new banishing sigil, something more powerful than the one Dean’s memorized—but Cas draws it so slowly, so carefully, that Dean knows he’s not in a hurry to run away. Fleeing is a useless endeavor, and yeah, Dean knows that, but he still wants to
“Get in,” he orders. Pleased, Castiel does as he’s told, and assumes they’ll drive to whichever motel room the Winchesters are occupying for the evening. He’s surprised when they detour onto a side road instead of heading into town, and is further confused when Dean navigates the car between dark trees, where other travelers will not spot them.
for it), then he wants Dean to be aware of all the facts.
“It’s all right,” Castiel says, face as grave as death, and hesitantly places his hand over Nellie’s. “We read about the accident in the paper and are extremely sorry for your loss.”
Dean still can’t believe they walked out of that police station in one piece.)
Half terrified and half distraught, he blurts, “I have never kissed anyone. Perhaps we can do that?”
The house creaks and groans in Cas’ absence, as if to fill the silence as a favor for Dean. He carefully draws the sigil on the living room floor, a perfect replica of the paper towel sketch. Outside, the snow remains constant.
“Thanks for everything,” he says, and motions for Cas to follow. “C’mon, bluebird. We still got a long trip ahead,” and they leave with a chorus of cheerful goodbyes at their backs.
“How do I get them to you?” he asks, quiet. This doesn’t feel like they’re talking about letters anymore. It feels like they’re agreeing to something else, something definite. “Draw this sigil on the envelope, or—?”
, but Cas shocks the hell out of Dean when he responds, without missing a beat, “Dean is a mechanic and I am an accountant. My vehicle broke down and I took it to his garage for repair.”
“I do not care for brothels,” Castiel answers, and then adds, “The bar would be preferable, if it’s not out of your way.”
The drive back to the gritty bar is quiet, but it’s a comforting silence, and very similar to the one he and Dean share in 2010. It’s such a familiar feeling that Castiel expects to find his Dean at the wheel, but every time he looks over, the younger version is concentrating on the dark road. His profile is similar, his freckles, his lips, but it’s not quite him, not yet. When they finally make it back to the beaten parking lot, Dean says, “Don’t go in there. Find somewhere else, okay?”
“And you do not care?”
“Trying to die of hypothermia?” he asks, blithe. Dean glances past Crowley, to the sigil drawn on the floor: empty, the photo already sent.
Castiel frowns. “I am very sorry to hear that. You are a good man.”
“Tell us everything,” Cas says, like his heart is completely open to her. Dean supposes it is. Cas may be human now, but he’s kept his more angelic qualities: a near-inability to lie, delight when trying new foods, and an intense focus that catches Dean from time to time. He’s still
Balthazar stoops to carefully collect Cas’ body; Gabriel gives Dean a look between sorrow and exhaustion, and they disappear, leaving Dean to face a winter that refuses to migrate, keeping its grip on every tree, every road. It might be winter forever.
He never writes
“So you’re interested in adopting a dog?” Harold Heyes, a shelter volunteer, asks. Cas nods while Dean notes the feline wing has been blocked off.
“Shoot, yeah,” she answers. “About thirty people right now. Doctors, lawyers, cashiers... pretty much anyone who wants to play music again.” Dean thinks about Cas, who’s only friend is Dean, and who’s probably home right this minute cobbling together a fake resume so that he, too, can find a job.
“Let me guess,” Dean says. “The main character faces unimaginable odds against a horrible evil?”
“No,” Castiel answers. “I have no place outside of you.”
Dean gestures towards the exit, a sign they’ve gotten all they need from here, and Cas calmly follows until they’re stopped a few feet from the door by another stranger with short, black hair and glittering shoes.
“I’m afraid it is not a very interesting story,” Castiel diplomatically answers, taking a bite of his pie to prolong further discussion. Nellie, owner of The Violet Café, eagerly watches Cas chew. His expression has been one of polite detachment regarding the dessert, but it swiftly morphs into something rapturous: he takes another bite, larger this time, and states, “I have never tasted anything so delicious.”
“My mom died in a house fire,” Dean supplies. “And Cas’ brother Gabe passed just last year. We’ve found it helps to talk, so we’d be glad to listen.”
Castiel’s eyebrows lifted. “You cleared the area with only a machete?”
Castiel straightened, blinking. “Wait. You mean, all it took to make you stop fidgeting and driving everybody up the wall was to hand you yarn and a hook?”
thought you asked if I’d want to watch a movie--
“Where did you get them?” asked Sam, picking one up to examine.
“You just
done with your self-flagellation, I’d like to welcome you back to reality.” He folded his arms. “No one does, will, or would give a fuck, so stop doing it for them.”
Castiel touched his fingers to Dean’s wrist, eyes scanning their surroundings. “What is it?”
“Mm, more like Dean probably found out about the lost dog Sam harbored until we found the owners.”
Dean gave him a lopsided smile. “...Yeah, Cas. I will.”
Castiel settled back down again, weight resting on one arm as he watched Dean continue to strip leaves from stems.
Castiel glowered at Dean. “If you are
“They’re lovely,” Castiel murmured, eyes soft as he looked from the bouquet to Dean. “Thank you for this.”
Castiel lifted one brow, and it was a look he did that Dean would never admit to finding attractive as well as endearing.
“Sure, but you know it’s only because he’s curious. Which, Sam
“Yeah, and I have
,” Dean cut in, then pointed at Cas with a glare. “Also, you’re a dick.”
He tossed one of the water bottles to Cas before pulling out the rolled-up blanket. Standing, Dean shook out the sturdy fabric, flaring it out so it settled neatly on the grass.
“It’s
aspect first thing in the morning when it involved shouted names echoing down the corridors of the bunker, entire paragraphs worth of threats and retribution woven into a two-syllable word.
“Y’know,” Dean began, “I joked about it earlier, but if I didn’t know better, I’d think you were actually flirting with me.”
“What? No. Why—“
Jack’s face scrunched. “Dean thinks y’all’s room is sacred?”
Eileen laughed. “Don’t choke. They aren’t going anywhere.”
“So you planted the daisies?”
? I have… floors.” His anger stuttered out, arm falling slack as he squinted and frowned at the board that clearly said he was on dish duty. “I had dishes last week though,” he murmured.
“There
“Wait.
“Oh my God, Sam, let me live. Let me and my personal Secret Garden live! I can only tune Baby so much. I needed something to do with my hands. You gonna help with the jars or not?”
Castiel shook his head with a frown.
“Uh oh,” whispered Jack.
. There’s nothing wrong with admitting that. People can’t meet you halfway if they don’t know where you’re standing.”
without help.”
“Trying to give Sam and Eileen some privacy?” he asked.
“You were working on the Impala.”
“Hang up your coat and jacket. I need to be able to see what might fit you.”
Jack nodded.
Castiel considered it, head tilted. “You would never know by looking at it.” He looked at Dean. “It shows excellent craftsmanship.”
Castiel didn’t hesitate, pushing to his feet. “Yes.”
Eileen tapped the table, then signed, “Is this about porn?”
“Got that right.”
“Not entirely,” Dean conceded with a laugh. “I did go into town. Even cutting it back, I was still concerned about snakes, so I took another approach.
“You love me.”
Back of his neck and ears hot, Dean carefully avoided looking at Castiel as he made his way around the area, cutting any flowers that had passed the perimeter he’d made by laying a series of stripped limbs.
having ADHD and needing some sort of constant stimulation. And if Sam knew, he’d tell you the same thing.”
“We also get ourselves
Setting the backpack down, Dean jerked his head. “C’mon. You can borrow some of my clothes and a pair of boots. Or Sam’s if mine don’t fit.” As they made their way down the corridor, Dean twisted up his face. “How is it we got the kid clothes but you still don’t have any?”
“--y’know? Whatever happened to privacy?” Dean demanded. As he turned in exasperation, Sam caught Cas’ eye, widening his briefly, and making Cas bite back a smile. “What happened to boundaries? Respect for personal property?” He squawked as Sam grabbed the coffee pot and refilled his mug. “Don’t refill it! I am literally in the middle of outrage at this breach of trust, Sam!”
“If you picked up crocheting that fast, why did you not continue with it-- aside from your habitual aversion to non-masculine behavior in front of Sam?”
with it.” He chuckled. “I didn’t realize how fidgety I was-- kept moving, kept messing with stuff, tapping out a beat. So, we’re at a nursing facility, right? Possible monster Angel of Death nurse-- not an
It didn’t do anything to hide the blush burning his face as Dean finished and settled down on the blanket next to Cas with a handful of daisies.
Dean looked up to see him smirking, one brow lifted. Cheeky bastard. Dean honestly wasn’t sure if Cas was teasing him or flirting, and, wow, that second option was just kinda more than Dean’s mind to comprehend, so that was a big Negative Ghost Rider on that line of thought.
Pulling out two plaid shirts, Dean held them up, one and then the other, against Castiel’s torso, narrowed eyes regarding the garment and taking in Castiel’s features at the same time. He put one of them back and pulled out another.
In Dean’s room, he looked Castiel up and down again before gesturing to a line of hooks on the wall.
Castiel followed his lead, his long, graceful fingers plucking one leaf at a time, then setting the daisy by his side.
Castiel was quick to change his clothes, re-appearing almost as soon as Dean finished explaining they were going on a hike.
And it was. There was so much green, but then there were vibrant splashes of color all over the meadow where flowers grew unencumbered. Birds sang in the trees, the sound mixing with that of the river, and the air was all evergreens and wildflowers.
Heaving a sigh, Castiel handed Jack the cereal box and settled down on the seat across from Eileen.
“Oh come on. We’re not that bad.”
“I have to be honest, Dean. I don’t think he’s ever been safer.”
They walked in companionable silence for about two miles, the trees and foliage changing as they did. The forest grew lush, trees changing from scraggly, desaturated trees to something warmer and more vibrant. The air was thick with the scent of evergreens and water as they neared their destination.
Cas shook his head on a laugh. “Please just stop before things get out of control.”
know how things are like a frog being boiled.”
A breathy chuckle spluttered out of Dean. “No, it’s… okay, so, if you try to put a frog in a pot of boiling water, it will immediately jump out. But if you put it in regular water,
Snorting a chuckle, Dean conceded the point with a tilt of his head. “The point is yours, Mr. Spock.”
Dean bit his bottom lip, unable to keep from smiling as his pride preened a little under the praise.
, Cas.
Mouth twisted, Dean leaned back against the counter and folded his arms. “When?”
He spluttered a laugh. “No.”
“--and even if I didn’t, that is no excuse to go into a man’s room and take something-- on
The arguing came closer until Sam lopped in with a dramatic eye roll. Dean was close on his heels and looking stormy.
He jerked back when Cas reached out and —with thumb and middle finger— flicked Dean’s head.
“Total and complete, you know nothing about what you’re about to see or where you’re going, and our walk was absolutely random and in the opposite direction, okay?”
Castiel squinted. “...I don’t understand.”
“And wash some mugs by hand so we can have coffee,” Dean added, already rinsing out and washing his stolen mug.
“Oh no, you have on your plotting-face.”
“...Yes, actually.” He felt his face burn crimson. “When I thought about it like Jody said, that I needed to figure out how to make knots with it, well… we Winchester boys know our knots. I had no idea what to do with the chain as it got longer, but it kept Jody from killing me, so. Pulled it up on my phone how to do the stitches when Jody refused to let me touch a pen or paperwork the rest of the evening. I crocheted as we talked the case. Jody has a pot… cozy…
A breathy laugh punched out of Cas. “The two of you couldn’t get yourselves out of a
Dean dropped his gaze.
of trouble.”
“We live in a
Cas’ lips spread in a smile, the silence becoming a Moment™ as the two of them smiled at one another before Dean dragged his gaze away. He couldn’t rid himself of the smile, though.
“Where are you headed off to?” Cas questioned.
And stared some more. At the angel sitting on top of him with his ‘I am
Sweeping out an arm for Castiel to go first, Dean’s grin was nearly giddy. “That’s what I like to hear! After you.”
The implicit though confused trust made Dean’s face splint into a fond grin, and he readjusted the bag before jerking his head. “C’mon, then.”
Whole body hot and sparking like a livewire, Dean picked up the fallen flower crown, dropping it on Castiel’s face.
“I-ju-- You-- ngk-- t-tha-- wha??”
Eyes on their hands, Dean drew in a deep breath and sighed. “Yeah, I guess.”
“There are plenty of empty jars in the supply closet.” He shrugged. “Those will do just as well.”
Sam rolled his eyes, waving Dean off with a shooing motion and a laugh. “Alright, then. Go spread your wings or whatever.”
When they were out of earshot, he deflated with a sigh. “Well, that went better than I thought.”
Smiling, Dean clasped his bottom lip between his teeth as he met blue eyes. “Your blunt honesty is always on-point, Feathers.” He winked, then nodded at the daisies still in Castiel’s lap, weaving his own as he began talking again. “It’s something that has to be officially diagnosed, which, obviously, I never have, but I live in this house and know it pretty well, you know?”
But, Dean consoled himself, Cas would also be the last person to judge or laugh at Dean for this dirty little secret.
“I mean everybody,” Cas shot back. “You think you haven’t driven us to near murder before? If I’d realized keeping your hands busy was all you needed--”
Weight still on his hands, Cas unfolded one leg, kicking Dean square in the chest, sending him sprawling backwards.
“I’m a strategist,” Castiel countered. “Maximum impact, minimal effort.”
“So! Jody tells me to, literally, take a hike. You know how she is; sounds like one of my coaches from back in high school.
Withdrawing, Castiel began separating the daisies into individual bundles. “You know, now that you have me thinking about it, I should probably look into having a hobby. I’ve never had one before.”
“I dunno. Maybe. But I didn’t. Did this instead.”
His grin widened. “Oh, I am pretty sure my wife would put all of us in our place well before that happens.”
He gave Cas a crooked grin as he sat back down. “I come bearing flowers.”
Castiel looked serious, the furrow between his brow and the set of his jaw when determined to do something, like the fate of the world hung in the balance.
?” Sam looked him up and down. “Who are you, and where’s my brother?”
Dean's self-deprecating grin became playful. “Man, what I would give to be a fly on the wall over at her house right now. Jack probably has no idea what to do or what he’s gotten himself into. I’m torn between thinking he’s gonna come back traumatized or, like, not coming back. We’ll just get a facetime video of all of them hugging him or something. ‘We’ve adopted him. He’s our baby now. You can’t have him back; he lives here.”
“I have been for a while,” Cas said. He winked. “Thanks for finally noticing.”
“Dean, there is absolutely nothing wrong with crocheting or flower chains or gardening
Eileen snorted and bent over her breakfast.
Dean grunted as they stepped into the sunlight. “We grew up nomads. Never sticking to one place too long. That hyper-vigilance is too ingrained in me, and I get stir crazy. Me and stir-crazy don’t mix well.” Cas followed wordlessly as Dean climbed the steep incline, headed for the treeline. “And, well, hitting the bar just doesn’t do the trick anymore. Jody basically scolded me into trying this.”
“Your description of crocheting has me curious to try it.” He paused. “Maybe the meticulousness and concentration will help distract from the
Sweeping out an arm, Dean indicated the trees all around them, the trail he’d all but worn into the ground. “This. Just… getting out, rather than trading one set of walls for another.”
Leaning back and tilting his head, Castiel squinted at him. “...
Bent over his cereal and rapidly shovelling into his mouth, Jack nodded. “Dishes. Got it.”
Biting his lip, Dean pulled away and cleared his throat. “So, uh, one summer I signed Sammy up for this, uh… I dunno. Library summer camp? Or something? I took him every day, then waited around for a couple of hours.” He coughed. “Couldn’t leave him there and go somewhere else for a while, Dad would have killed me. There was a girl there for the same reasons. Nowhere to go, no way to get there, and not really enough time to do anything before you had to be back.
“I was a knight once, never a prince,” he joked. “Thing was, I was anxious and antsy. Sam and I were both just… kinda used to it? One of those gradual things you don’t realize. And it’s not really noticeable until you slow down and have nothing to keep you busy.”
A crooked grin crept onto Dean’s face, then he bit his lip again, gaze drifting over Castiel’s usual ensemble. “Cas, buddy, we’ve got to get you some different outfits.”
When finished, Dean had a bouquet so large it took both hands to hold the stems.
“You could… I don’t know, sell them?”
It hit Castiel’s temple as he turned his head, the two of them smirking at each other with mischief dancing in their eyes.
Dean nodded to it as he slid the bag off his shoulders and sank to his knees. “That? Was a pain in the ass to build.”
Then, Dean found himself looking up at Castiel as the other man moved with him, settling himself so he straddled Dean’s hips.
When Dean didn’t respond, brows furrowed, Castiel sat back on his hands.
Cas’ fingers got tangled up, his stems coming apart. He watched Dean’s hands again. “Did you ‘figure it out?’”
“Not even a little. As I was saying: Jody went on this spiel about outlets and anxiety and… uh, what did she call it? Long-term something-something of hyper-vigilance? Basically, stress management in healthier ways than bar fights and hookups.” Cas opened his mouth, and Dean jabbed a finger at him. “One more quip from you, smart ass, and not only will I
“I don’t
You fly by the seat of your pants, obviously.
Mouth twisted, Sam rolled his head around to give his brother a look. “Breach of trust?”
The fabric made a rustling noise as it slid off Castiel’s arms and Dean rhythmically sifted through the shirts hanging in his small closet.
“Dropped your halo.”
Air? What was air? Dean had no idea or what you were meant to do with it. Breathing? Never heard of her.
“So, we’d kill time together— which was, admittedly, better than doing it alone. Anyway, we ended up shooting the breeze and making flower chains. She showed me how, and it was a relief because then it was something I could do with my hands, y’know? Tapping or pacing is obvious and gets on people’s nerves. But she showed me this, and that’s what we would do. And, I don’t know, it’s a way to be quiet and calm. It’s quiet. And focused.”
“You’re always getting yourselves into trouble.”
“No, it’s… it’s similar to autism, I guess, in that it’s just how the brain processes information, requires outlets and stimulation, a hyper-fixation on certain things and zero interest or ability to remember details about things that don’t interest you, etc. I could take apart and rebuild Baby in my sleep but if you gave me a blank map, I couldn’t label a quarter of the states-- despite having been to all of them a hundred times. My way of seeing and interacting with the world is different from Sam's, not only because of our life experiences but because of how my brain does its thing. I get... frazzle-brained and restless. Can’t sit still. I fidget. Go for a drive. Clean. Turn an entire meadow into a garden. Drink myself into a buzz. Listen to music that’s either at a certain volume or so many beats per minute because…” He paused, running a hand through his hair. “I dunno. It’s like static or, uh... crazy traffic and no order, but it’s in my head. Too many things, none of it controlled, bouncing around and loud. You give me the, y’know, whatever-- Adderall, music, a task-- and it’s like… like a cop stepping in to direct traffic, and suddenly things are moving a lot more smoothly.” He flicked a glance up and then back down. “That probably doesn’t make much sense.”
