When he was younger, first learning how to tattoo, he’d practiced flames and shading, light and dark, on his own arm. It had been a terrible time in his life, and in a strange way, that hellfire had helped him get through it. But that was the past, and now he’s finally able to look to the future. His right arm is still in need of some ink, a bit of heaven to balance out all the hell.
. Dean grumbles and Tony the pizza guy laughs at him, but after their usual haggling about Tony’s tip, Dean and Cas settle in happily to watch the Princess Bride. When eleven o’clock comes and goes and Cas is curled up at his side beginning to nod off, Dean checks his phone, wondering if Sam really is staying away for the whole night. There’s a handful of texts from Sam from hours earlier when they’d been dozing in Dean’s bed. He feels a little guilty that he hadn’t even thought to check his phone after everything that’s been happening, but he’s checking now.
Cas blinks at him and puts his burger down, and then just stares. “Where the hell am I supposed to live?”
Dean sat there for a moment thinking back over the entire show before finally replying. It wasn’t exactly the conversation he’d hoped would spring out of the effective end of their mutual beta reading. If Feathers wasn’t ready for the other conversation yet, Dean could live with that for now. His talk with Charlie had reminded him that he didn’t have to make major life decisions right then and there. Feathers was offering him an open door, though, and he’d be damned if he wasn’t about to walk through it.
“So, first things first, I guess. We need to sort out your living situation. I assume you got a signed rental agreement with Nick?”
Long week at work? I know how you feel, though. I didn’t sleep well last night, so I think I’m gonna turn in early tonight and push all the annoying chores of adulthood off until tomorrow.
Dean knew he meant his humanity, but all he could see was the the grey henley Cas must’ve pilfered from his clean laundry last week. It fit Cas well. Maybe too well, Dean thought to himself, and squeezed his eyes shut for a moment while he mentally kicked himself for losing the thread again. This time, though, he refused to let himself get angry about it and storm off. That hadn’t solved this problem in weeks, and it wouldn’t solve it now. Tick tock.
Sam opened his eyes and shook his head, glancing at Dean in the mirror and gulping in a few deep breaths. “Nothing,” he said, and then laughed at himself. “Well, not nothing, exactly. But Cas couldn’t hold on to his thoughts anymore, and he warned me he was gonna have to let go of them, and it’s just more than I was expecting, I guess.”
Mary nodded, walking back over toward the fire and sitting down on the ground near the warmth of the flames. She waved a hand at the boulder beside her and invited Jack to sit with her. “Make yourself comfortable and tell me all about it, then.”
Dean’s still giving the beautiful car a slightly forlorn once-over, so it’s actually Sam who sees them first. He looks up from his inspection of the car behind Cas.
bathroom now. Cas had relieved him of the burden of inventing excuses last night, so Dean extended him the same courtesy now. He shrugged.
They both decided they’d be slightly more open about their lives online, but that they still valued their privacy too much to let all of those walls drop. They did attend a preseason Unnatural watch party at Charlie’s house a few weeks later, and met a few other locals in the fandom who were duly sworn to secrecy about their identities. Most of these little reveals cast barely noticeable ripples in their lives and smoothed out into a new, happier normal.
“Major fuckup,” he mutters to himself, shaking his head as he ignores one of the nurses he blows past in the hallway when she asks if he’s okay. He squeezes his eyes shut for a moment and can’t suppress the sarcastic laugh that bubbles out of his throat as he pushes through the break room door. “Someone
The morning went surprisingly smoothly, all things considered. He figured there were still parents holding back from contacting him until after meeting him at orientation, and his inbox would be flooded again on Friday afternoon, but for now he was grateful for the chance to better acquaint himself with all the nitty-gritty details of his job. Paperwork might be boring, but it was still important to know his way around the Edlund School’s filing system and chain of command.
Lorna wasn’t fit to drive after her ordeal, but one of her cameramen promised to get them out of there while the other insisted on making her a cup of tea. They trundled out of town without a second look back, with the warning from Ed that he would be keeping an eye on their future activities. As they disappeared over the horizon, Ed had a few thoughts to share.
“Yeah, well I think it’s a sign that I should finally cave and get a car,” Sam replies, pushing open his door with his knee and refusing to sit and wait for Dean to free him.
Dean laughed, amused at the roundabout way Cas had understood the joke, and still not really understood it at all. “Looks like we need a refresher course on Lynyrd Skynyrd for you, Cas.”
, and not some other plane of existence entirely. It made him feel better to pick a direction to talk to, at any rate, and he laughed at himself again, slightly hysterical this time as a tear slid down his cheek.
Sam staked his claim on the smaller of the two rooms, with one double bed inside, leaving the other room for the rest of them to fight over who got which of the two available beds-- a queen and a single. The only problem was that the single was mounted to the wall above the queen, bunk bed style. Neither Dean nor Cas was particularly eager to perch up there on the tiny mattress, and neither of them were particularly eager to share the larger bed with Jack, either. Meanwhile, Jack was absolutely delighted at the thought of sleeping in the top bunk, and claimed it without hesitation by leaping onto the lower mattress and scrambling up before Dean or Cas had a chance to set their bags down.
Dean laughed and sent her a quick reply, letting her know that the hospital was already trying to put out the fire. He thanked her again, and then went to his email inbox. There was the promised copy of the article, sent to various hospital administrators, the Chief of Medicine, and the head of the Emergency department. He put off reading it for the moment in favor of opening up the email from the HR department announcing a SCHEDULING CHANGE in the header.
With a sigh of relief, Cas nodded and followed Dean into the kitchen. Dean puttered around fixing them both coffee while Cas slumped down in his usual seat at their small table. It was as if no time had passed since the last time they’d shared a lazy weekend morning together. They easily fell back into their old routine. If it hadn’t been for Charlie’s call and the impending end of their forced separation, it might’ve felt bittersweet to Dean. It still did, honestly, but nowhere near as bad as it could’ve been. After all, he still had no idea if everything they’d written to one another meant as much to Cas as it did to him.
“You do that,” Dean mutters, leaving Sam to deal with it and sinking back into his jumbled thoughts. The coffee shop, the rain, the drive to the hospital, and whoa. His thoughts screech to a halt on one Dr. Cas… Novak, he thinks. Cas Novak. Dean still can’t believe he actually gave the guy his card, with his personal number scrawled on the back, no less. He gives his phone an idle glance, already knowing full well the doctor hasn’t tried to contact him. And yep, no new messages. No missed calls. Dean sighs and drops the phone on the cushion beside him and shuts his eyes again.
“I don’t even really know what you do, so consider it done,” Lorna said. “I started out doing a history podcast, and thought it might be fun to lean into the local ghost legends angle. I guess I got too carried away with the ghosts and forgot about the living history I should’ve been focusing on.”
the kind of press the Penn family, the Garrison family or the Grace Memorial board will be happy about.”
The rest of the day ran far more smoothly than Cas could’ve ever hoped for. If nothing else, Dean was there for him. That meant more to him than Dean could ever know. The unconditional support, even when he had no idea what had been bothering Cas in the first place, was more than he’d ever had from a friend.
“The power of the universe, of all creation and destruction, is free now,” Amara added. “It’s not bound to a singular will. Everyone can choose the life they lead for themselves, and no one else can write the story of humanity except the people living it.”
Cas bobbled his head back and forth and then shrugged. Dean may have been right, but the more Cas learned about him, the more he wanted to know. He felt lucky to have met Dean, regardless. That wasn’t necessarily the sort of thing he was prepared to say out loud, so he turned another of Dean’s questions back around on him.
Sam gave him an assessing look. “You really want the long version of the story? It involves time travel, demons, and another borderline apocalypse.”
“Don’t shoot the messenger, then,” Jody said, crossing her arms and leaning back in her chair. “Got it.”
Several of the locals who’d suddenly left town had been seen meeting with a salesman who’d shown up the week before. He’d introduced himself to Melanie as Mr. Magnus, and offered to sell her a collection of healing charms. She’d declined, since she’d never gone in for the “fake woo-woo crap,” as Dean had called it when he’d informed her that ghosts were all too real. But Mr. Magnus had an old suitcase filled with what she now suspected was real woo-woo crap, and Melanie had a long list of people who might’ve been lured into buying from the guy if they thought it would work with their psychic aesthetic.
That’s as far as Cas got in his attempted apology before Dean dragged him in for another kiss. He’d shuffled them several feet across the room toward the bathroom before he stumbled to a stop, breaking their kiss and drawing out a dissatisfied groan from Cas.
This day hadn’t turned out anything like Dean had been expecting. He’d almost lost hope that he could even continue on like he had been for the last month-- for the last few
Dean raised an eyebrow at him and gave him a challenging look. “So you’re pretty involved in the fandom, too, huh? Now you know why I don’t talk about it at school, at least.”
Cas nodded. “And you don’t want to lose that when you’ve only really just gotten it in the first place.”
Ed stared at him for a few moments, processing all of that, and then finally shook his head in total disbelief. “Are you sure? Because I have eyes, and I’m not totally useless at noticing shit.”
: Well you kicked it in the ass, Feathers. It’s awesome. Kinda makes me wanna go to a con. They should pay you for writing con promo fic.
Dean shrugged. “I don’t think I ever heard of it happening before, outside of a few flashes I thought was a ghost haunting me that first time I got dosed, so… probably? Worth a shot, right? Is there any magical spell that can’t be broken by true love’s kiss, or whatever?”
“So are we gonna rent out your room or what?” Dean teased, sliding up behind Cas and wrapping his arms around his waist while Cas set to brushing his teeth. “Maybe turn it into an office?”
Sam only groans again. He doesn’t see Dean’s look of complete disbelief, but Rowena does. She raises an eyebrow at Dean, who rolls his eyes and hooks a thumb in Rowena’s direction.
“So we throw Lorna’s rock collection into the to be saved pile. What are we supposed to do about freeing them all if a reaper can’t figure it out, though?”
He spends the next few hours completely obsessed with the angel in a lab coat, wondering if he’s making progress or just wandering farther and farther into the weeds.
“How does one normally escape djinn dreams?” Cas asked, slowly raising his arms to wrap them around Dean’s back when it became clear that Dean was not about to let him go yet.
Cas dutifully handed Dean his mug and guzzled it down as soon as Dean had handed it back to him full of half-warm dregs.
“Okay, you’ve convinced me,” Cas said, giving him a quick peck on the lips before tearing himself away and leading Dean upstairs.
“You complained to me last night how the Lord of the Rings movies treated Faramir compared to how he was written in the books. I don’t think Sam is the nerd here.”
Benny gives a smile that would’ve terrified anyone who doesn’t actually know what a teddy bear he really is, and Dean laughs. “You got that right.” He leans forward and points down the hall, drawing Dean’s attention to someone else, and gives a little wave as Gabriel nods back with an impish grin and slips inside the conference room. “It’s mostly down to Dr. Milton, there. After Dr. Morningstar left those incriminating messages on your boy’s phone, Pamela brought me a stack of notes he’s been keeping for the last few years. It merited a bit more looking into.”
Ed took that as the compliment it was and slid into the back seat of the truck’s cab. Cas climbed in after him, and then Dean got behind the wheel. They made the short drive out to the geographical center in silence, each of them psyching themselves up for whatever they were about to face.
He tossed his phone in the back seat so he wouldn’t be tempted to carry on the conversation any longer. He wasn’t in the mood for Sam trying to cheer him up. Dean started the car, turned on the windshield wipers and headed for home, and the bottle of whiskey he had stashed in his closet for emergencies just like this.
She shook her head. “My brother may have seen it as a steep price to pay, but I welcome it as a gift. And I thank you for your generous welcome. I’ve caused you enough grief, and your hospitality is more than I expected or deserve.”
“I’m all yours, then,” Dean says, holding out his arms and taking a seat on one of the sofas in the tiny waiting area at the front of the shop.
“Weren’t you invisible at the time?” Dean asked, a grin spreading across his face. “It’s not like you were on the guest list.”
Dean let that sink in, and then took a half a step closer to Cas. He could feel sweat breaking out on his palms and his heart thudding in his chest, but he refused to look away. All his focus went into getting the words out loud enough for Cas to hear, level and steady. “And would you be happy if I asked if I could kiss you?”
Dean gave a little laugh at that, rubbing a hand over his face. He was already beginning to wonder if that time might be right now. Or beginning to hope that Cas might be that person. And therein lay the danger.
That was all the evidence Dean needed. He flung his arms around Cas, hauling him in for an enthusiastic reply, letting his kisses speak the truth for him. It didn’t take long for Cas to reciprocate, holding Dean tight and pouring out every last drop of his own truth out in return.
Cas finished his last patient about ten minutes before Dean did, and Dean found him waiting in the ambulance bay enjoying the evening breeze. He started walking just as Dean caught up to him. After a minute or two, and a glance back over his shoulder to make sure there was no one else within earshot, Cas started talking.
“You mean the ghosts?” She snorted derisively. “If you even believe ghosts are real, you can’t possibly believe they’re actually
He took his time, giving Cas absolutely everything he had to offer, and learning exactly how to wring every drop of pleasure from him. Cas shook and moaned above him, eventually tugging at Dean’s hair to get his attention.
“We could try,” Dean said, kissing Cas’s forehead and then sighing. “But yeah, you’re right. We still gotta go into town to get bait. And the best fishing’s early in the morning. Maybe we could put it off a couple days, until after the wedding. We can pick up bait tomorrow so we can just roll outta bed and go down to the lake at sunrise.”
“Don’t you worry,” Rowena says, patting Cas’s arm as she stands up to leave with Sam. “You took care of  Sam, and now you can rest easy and let us take care of you.” She turns and grins up at Sam. “You know, this has been the most interesting date I’ve been on in years.”
He didn’t even bother trying to turn to Charlie for advice. He was pretty sure that she would still be busy with Gilda. Dean wouldn’t be the one to ruin their morning after with a string of what he acknowledged would be increasingly angst-ridden messages. If it hadn’t been brunch day, Dean would’ve made himself pancakes, or something complicated enough to occupy his thoughts and stop him from worrying for at least a few minutes. Instead he made himself a slice of toast and stood at the counter munching it, not even really noticing the crumbs dusting his robe.
“He, um… wherever he is, he’s… wow… I had no idea the guy was that… um… p-passionate,” Sam replied, clearing his throat and looking anywhere but at Dean.
“Or start meddling ourselves,” Jody finished her sentence with a satisfied smirk. She turned to Dean and Cas. “So, about these complaints. I think Meg hates everyone equally, so I’m sorry Dean but I think calling you a dumbass to your face--”
Billie blinked at him, understanding with relief what they intended to do, and struggling to sit up again. This time, Jack helped, holding her hand and pulling her up.
“She’s more than welcome, any time,” Cas confirmed without hesitation. “She can have my room if she wants.”
Jack just grinned, but Amara outright laughed. The sound took Dean by surprise, and he stared at her open-mouthed until she explained.
Dean wasn’t sure what to expect. He’d half expected dozens of souls to come exploding out of the stones all at once. He’d faced down hordes of angry spirits more times than he could count, but he’d never seen an orderly procession of them before.
“Which is why I’m here,” Pamela says with a wolfish grin. “We’re gonna be more than ready if he tries anything funny.”
It’s Dean’s turn to laugh, but since Sam is currently literally sandwiched between them, he puts one of his giant feet down before Dean can make a joke about the doctor sending him an itemized bill, or worse, bust out the Dr. Sexy lines he knows Dean has saved up.
Cas ignored him and went on with his line of thought. “Azeban bathed in the water, but he’s not exactly human, and it was his spell to begin with. He might be a trickster, but he’s also not a liar by nature. And Penthia had no reason to lie to us either, since she wanted us to help with her plight. She’s also not yet entirely human, and as a creature bound to that water and with some power over it, she may not have been affected either.”
The sides and rear of the car gave him no further useful information, and he was just about to walk back inside and call Dean out for taunting him before a little plaque on the dashboard caught his attention. He cupped his hand against the passenger side window and peered through the glass to read it. In that moment, he was really glad he’d been leaning against the car, or he likely would’ve fallen on his face.
Unfortunately since school had let out in June, it had all been changing in fast forward. In less than two and a half months, he’d packed up and then unpacked his entire life again. It had barely left him enough time to maintain his self-imposed writing schedule, let alone have much time left over for keeping up with his fandom friends. At least the show itself had been on hiatus through the entire ordeal, so it wasn’t like he’d been missing out on the week to week drama of new episodes. He still had six weeks left to settle in before his Thursday nights would once again be dedicated to multiple rewatches and intense blogging about the latest adventures of his favorite monster hunters.
They stood on the wide path by the ticket counter waiting for the next tram, looking out over the sea of grass dotted with little islands of mangrove trees when Cas asked, “Have you ever seen anything like this in California?”
“Hopefully,” Dean replied. “And if they grab you and try to take you with them, just start shooting. That seems to piss them off enough to toss you back.”
“Ew, gross, Sam,” Dean said, stopping just outside the shelter and setting his nice, clean grill down on a clear patch of ground. “There’s probably mice nesting in it or some shit. And when do you think the last time it was cleaned was? Because I’m betting it was never.”
He ate half his sandwich on the way home, and the other half while he changed out of his dress shirt and pants into a comfy old t-shirt and a worn old pair of flannel pants with the Unnatural logo printed all over them. By the time he sat down with his laptop and got Discord open, he was ready to settle in on the sofa with a beer to start his own editing just as soon as he scoped out the writer chat channel.
Jack nodded. Even with all the power of creation at his command, he was unable to stop the tear that rolled down his cheek.
“Dude, do not be that dick right now,” he said angrily, and Dean turned a confused face to him before he remembered that Sam had seen his entire thought process unfold. Before Dean could protest or get angry about it himself, Sam cut him off with a little shake. “He doesn’t need a fucking pep talk. He doesn’t need to pack his feelings away and push through to the next round of problem solving, okay? Just… just be his friend for once. Commiserate with him, or at least be honest with him, and let him be honest with you for once. And burn that bullshit swagger shtick you were about to pull on him again. He doesn’t need that shit from you. Not right now.”
“No more cracks at my idiotically misspent youth?” Ed asked without budging. “Did I finally manage to prove myself to you?”
“Uh…” Dean said, realizing that Cas had effectively been propositioning him this time around. “Well the mac and cheese bakes for about half an hour, but if you’re worried I can leave it on the counter until after we’re done.”
Cas releases him only enough to get his hand around Dean’s cock. Dean gets the message, and takes over jerking himself off in time with Cas’s frantic and increasingly erratic pace. He leans back just enough that every roll of Cas’s hips beneath him delivers a direct hit to his prostate. Between that and the look of abject hunger in Cas’s eyes, Dean’s release is ripped from his body moments before Cas stiffens beneath him, burying himself as deep inside Dean as he can and coming with a cry of Dean’s name.
Dean had even thought to pack a tablecloth that provided a bit of extra cover to his surveillance microphone and protected their food from whatever had previously befouled the outdoor tables. He left it up to Ed to set up their covert recording equipment, since he didn’t trust Ed to handle the grilling and it gave the guy something productive to do while the rest of them kept an eye out for their targets.
Cas shrugged. “I have duplicates of most of them already. You’re free to do with them what you will.” He raised an eyebrow at Dean and leaned in a bit closer. “As long as you promise you won’t use them as an excuse to put off your speech writing.”
“I just received the most interesting missive from my contact in the administrative offices. Apparently there’s quite the kerfuffle happening upstairs right now.”
Dean was just working out how to ask what point exactly Cas was trying to make when his phone rang. With the intense and intimate mood they’d been building up now shattered, and half out of habit after having been on call so much lately, he pulled it out and answered the instant he saw it was a hospital extension number calling him.
“You don’t need to dress up for this, Dean,” Cas says as Dean steps back and gives him an approving once-over.
Sam abandoned the dishes to their soapy bath and came back to the table, trying to get a peek at Dean’s phone. “Did he get in over his head on another ghost hunt?”
, Dean. Especially not now that we know we may be compelled to be honest. The spell doesn’t force us to act against our own will, only to speak the truth. We know it’s happening, so we have a choice. We can stop, get out, and sleep separately tonight. We can choose to wait to do this until the spell wears off.”
Jody snorted, and then all four of them burst out laughing until tears streamed down their faces. When she’d finally caught her breath, wiping her face with a paper towel from the dispenser over the sink, she choked out, “Good to know all those years of medical school didn’t go to waste. We’ve achieved peak sufficiency.”
“So the two of you just met yesterday?” Jody said, as they scarfed down sandwiches in the break room.
wrong, if he meant to type Cas instead. Is this just about the wing tattoos again, even though neither of them had mentioned them in hours? He isn’t exactly sure how to respond, at first. It doesn’t seem like the right time to open up a new dialogue when they’re both nodding off, and this definitely feels like the sort of conversation he’d prefer to have face to face.
He’d teased Cas that doctors were trained to have messy handwriting, that he must’ve skipped class the day they taught that lesson. Cas had replied with a level glare and the gruff insistence that he could write as messy and illegibly as the best doctors out there, but that when it was important he could put in the effort to write carefully and legibly. Over the last few weeks, Dean had received proof on multiple occasions that Cas had been telling the truth. He’d seen a few notes Cas left carelessly at the hospital, which made these carefully written notes feel all the more special. He knew Cas thought they were important. That
Cas strolled down to the locker and pulled out a large parcel that clinked with a distinctive tone as he jostled it to get a better grip on it.
Cas stiffens, grabbing the first bag of chips his hand lands on and walking up to the cashier to pay. It’s one way to put a bit of distance between them, but unfortunately Nick just follows. He doesn’t really know what to say, hasn’t thought it through, but he knows he’s gonna have to face it by the end of the day anyway. Nick will find the note Gabriel left behind in a matter of hours, so there’s no point even trying to lie about it now.
Cas laughed and brushed his hand away, and instead pulled Jack into a hug. “You did it. You defeated Chuck, rewrote the ending, and set the universe free. I’m so proud of you.”
Jack sighed. “No, we’re going to release all the power of creation and destruction, light and dark, order and chaos, and take ourselves out of the equation. That was always Chuck’s problem. He’d sewn himself into every open space in the universe. He couldn’t separate himself from his creation and just stand back and let it run itself. It only made him more and more intent on tinkering with it. We… we don’t want to do that.”
Jo simply rolled her eyes in response because she knew it was true.  “Anyway, what can I get you folks?”
“You know what kind.”  In the distance, the crowd was cheering again.  Another field goal kick.  Must be the fourth quarter.  Accusingly, she asked, “Where even are you right now?”
“Yes,” Castiel hisses, low and long.  He shudders a gasp and whimpers through the initial pain, soft hands going rigid once more as they grip at Dean’s slick skin.
Benny got to his feet too and followed them into the kitchen to find his girlfriend Andrea— Another one of the cheerleaders socializing in the middle of the room.The center island had been set up to play and Dean had to admit, he’d only played this game a couple times before and wasn’t entirely familiar with the rules.
“Rather I not come or rather I not put my panties back on?”  He was pointedly silent on his end of the line.  She huffed into the phone, wanting to be mad, without knowing what to be mad about.  “So, you’re really not going to come over?”
Cas nodded, relaxing a bit at Claire's tone. "I'm glad to hear that. What sort of stuff were you having trouble with? You know you can always call me if you're struggling. I owe it to you..."
"So, what are you…" Crowley asked before Sam flipped his laptop around to show them the screen. "Sound proofing?" Crowley snickered. "Things got a little heated last night then?"
Mary walked in to the kitchen, followed by Jack just as Dean was pulling the last piece of french toast from the griddle. “ Something smells delicious.” she said, giving Dean's shoulders a squeeze as she looked over his shoulder.
"Oh, but of course your majesty!" Aziraphale replied in a bitterly sarcastic tone and bowing dramatically. "Would you like me to fetch you anything? A drink, your robe, this dagger out of my back?"
They slid into the car together, and Dean took a moment to slide his hand over the dashboard and the steering wheel. "Hey, Baby." He greeted her.  He spotted Cas staring at him fondly out of the corner of his eye, causing a smile to spread over his own face. He started the car and turned on the radio, chuckling as "Carry on Wayward Son" began blasting through the speakers. "I love this song." He smiled over at Cas.
"Crowley saw you." Dean argued. "And that's because he was looking for you. These guys. They're just a bunch of run-of-the-mill demons. If they ain't lookin, you should be good."
There was not a doubt in Aziraphale's mind that Castiel was frighteningly powerful. He was a seraph, after all. An angel of the highest order. He radiated with it. Aziraphale had felt it the second he laid eyes on him. A principality, such as himself, would normally be unable to gaze upon such power without bowing down to its majesty, though he supposed things were a little different in this reality. Still, he had made a conscious effort to stay on Castiel's good side, as to avoid his wrath. Wrath, that was painfully evident now. He felt Sam flinch with him at the sound of one of the lamps shattering, while a chair from their table slid out, meeting the seraph beside the door on the opposite side from where he entered. Castiel whipped around, trench coat flapping like wings in the wind, and plunked himself down in the chair to face the hallway he had come from, arms crossed and face scrunched, looking (almost hilariously) like a petulant child.
As he lay restlessly fumbling with his blankets in the dark, Dean decides he’ll give Sam the bare fucking minimum without revealing anything too incriminating.  That should satisfy Sam’s insistent desire to butt his nose into Dean’s business and will hopefully tie up some loose ends too.
It was a reasonable argument.  The most reasonable one he had at his disposal at the moment, all else aside.
They pay for the gas on pump 4 and they pay for the now exchanged snacks, some granola bars, apples, string cheese, water, and of course, the candy bar, before climbing back into the bench seat of the Impala.  The engine rumbles to life and Sam checks his phone, finding nothing, before putting her into drive.  He’s surprised honestly that neither Dean nor Cas have texted to either check up or to ream him a new asshole for taking the car.  He doesn’t know whether to be relieved or concerned by that, but he chooses to be neither, because feelings like that were risky all things considered.
“You sure?” he presses, despite himself. “I used to hold Sammy’s at all his check-ups. Heard I’m pretty good at it.”
Searching for a loophole, Castiel asked, “What would killing Dean accomplish that killing me wouldn’t?”
“Cas, you still up?” he murmurs, ears trained to listen. He doesn’t know what he was expecting, an answer maybe would’ve been nice, but instead he’s met with indeterminable silence.
“You will stay here,” Castiel asserts lowly, a dangerous glint in his eye.  “I’ve searched for you for lifetimes and I will not let you out of my sight again.”
“A friend?”  Sam glanced over at him, far more equally than Dean was used to.  If he noticed the tear tracks staining Dean’s cheeks he didn’t mention them. Right about now, Dean could really appreciate that.
She breathed deeply to ground herself, closing her eyes. And then just as abruptly as she’d never said anything at all, she announced in one fell swoop, “I’m pregnant!”
“Yeah, Cas, give it to me.  Fuck me so good,” he panted.  His knuckles turned white, fingers tightened around the solid stained wood.  “Wanna feel your dick in me for days.  Wanna think about this during my meeting with Adler.”  He half snickered, half moaned at his own rambling, but it worked.  Castiel was giving him all that he wanted and more.  So much so that Dean lost the ability to form words.  Anything not to have to think about Zachariah Adler at present.
Dean bounded off the steps and rounded the car, running a hand along the hood.  It felt good to see her again.  He didn’t want to be part of any afterlife here or the next that didn’t include his Baby.  Sliding in behind the wheel, he started her up, letting that familiar rumble soothe him.  Taking in the tranquil surroundings, he headed in a random direction and figured if this place truly was a Heaven he deserved, he shouldn’t need a friggin’ road map to get around.
“Yeah, of course.  He said you’d turned me against him or something.  He kept saying shit like that since you left and I kept defending you thinking he might get the hint that he does that enough on his own.  He never did.”
After Dean wiped his stomach off, he threw on an old Pink Floyd tee from Benny’s dresser he looked like he was swimming in and headed back out to the kitchen.  There wasn’t much, honestly.  Dean scoured the cabinets and the tragically empty fridge in hopes of finding something edible, but the only thing he could find were a few slices of white bread.
“Deano!  Just the man I was lookin’ for!”  Ash propped himself against the door frame, absently watching Dean’s half-hearted ministrations.  “Hey, I been thinkin’ ‘bout you lately, amigo.”
Dean sighed, picking himself back up.  “Gotta drive her home tonight anyway, might as well break her heart in one fell swoop,” he joked.
“What are your plans for the day, Dean?”  Castiel asked, genuinely curious as he took a long sip, and it snapped Dean out of his own internal reverie.
Cas doesn't miss the remark, but he doesn't say anything. Dean backs up to let them both into the room, while Cas stands to grab his own cup from Jack.  He doesn't need the coffee, he just likes being included.
“Aaron,” she repeated, as if by saying the name again it would clear everything up.  She let out an exasperated sigh at Dean’s blank face.  “From Art History.”
In his haste, he checked his pockets and secured his phone and wallet in the ass of his ripped jeans, but when he didn’t get a response, he heaved a frustrated sigh.  Tripping his way through the door,  he slipped into a pair of heavy boots and found his aunt in her usual fleabag recliner in front of the TV with a drink in her hand and a new bottle of pills on the small table to her left.  Totally dead to the world.
“Look, they didn’t give specifics, they just said not to bring you along, and considering you’re not in a position to argue, I would do what they say.  You do want the stuff right?”
Castiel stared into his cup and debated with himself upon whether or not he should lie.  Charlie would probably encourage it, but lying was wrong.
“What’s Crowley got to do with it?  He’s the asshole that forces us to give out happy endings in the first place.  What’s he care if I fuck somebody?”
Slinging his bag over his shoulder, he said his goodnights to Chuck and Jo and then he was out the door.  He made it perhaps twenty steps away before he pulled his phone out of his back pocket and contemplated over sending a text to Sammy to make sure he was steering clear of their father, but before he could register the phone still openly clasped in his hands, he froze at the sight of a boy staring out across the water.
Grabbing another alcohol pad, Dean wipes the site down again with gentle hands, but before he comes away altogether, his hand lingers and his face sobers. “I’m sorry, you know. About the other night. I was being an asshole, but I want to do better. That’s what I was saying before. I know I’m not the smartest when it comes to this stuff, but I… I want to do better, okay?” He shakes his head, and says instead, “I’m going to be better, Cas. For you. You deserve that much. Just— please don’t leave? I don’t want you to leave because of me.”
Without asking, someone was handing him a red solo cup full of water over his shoulder and he offered it to Castiel, who was eyeing it dubiously at best, refusing to drink from it.  He flinched at the sight of hands in his periphery and closed his eyes against them, breathing erratically through his nose, like air itself was escaping him.  The act of breathing a simple parlour trick.  Dean managed to force the cup into his hand, but his fingers wouldn’t grasp it, so he placed it down next to him on the counter.  When he tried to lift Castiel’s chin back up to look at him again, he swatted at him petulantly and Dean held his hands up in defense.
Another anointment.  Castiel recited the Lord’s Prayer aloud now as Dean flailed in his confines.  And once he stopped, Castiel splashed him again to keep his burning cries stoked.  He read through Psalm 53 as Dean slumped back against the mattress, visibly weakened, but it was still in his eyes.  The blackness.
“Really?  You don’t think being tardy almost every other day is an issue?  Not to mention, you’ve been unaccounted for at least five days already without any notice or a note from your doctor.”
The two of them spent the rest of the evening splitting an order of chicken lo mein and watching an old, black-and-white movie on the couch.  The 1944 film ‘Gaslight’, starring Ingrid Bergman as the unsuspecting housewife to her husband’s deceitful mind games.  Michelangelo placed himself directly in between the two them, much to Castiel’s relief.
Benny had tried to talk to him come afternoon.  He was standing over a fry pan fixing himself breakfast, Dean was working on his homework on the couch, when he tried to broach the subject of last night.  Dean could feel his walls going up right when Benny walked into the room, awake earlier than usual.  That guy slept like the dead most days and only woke up for dinner.  Dean supposed that was what happened when one gets accustomed to the night life, but Benny never usually wavered in his schedule, not especially for Dean anyway.  Not to talk about important things.  Not to talk about things Dean didn’t want to talk about.
Hesitantly, he lifted his fork to spear something that had probably once been green, but was now a charred shade of brown.  Crunchy too. It tasted like charcoal as he choked it down. But he considered himself a pretty decent actor and made all the appropriate moaning noises to really sell it and Cas seemed into it if his intense staring was anything to go by.  Dean blushed behind his wine glass.  That’s when Cas leapt to his feet again with a newfound sense of purpose.
Time up here was different. That was what Bobby said anyway.  He didn’t know how long he drove for, he just drove till he felt he found a good place to stop.  He came upon a bridge cutting over a coursing river, surrounded by lush greenery, and he felt compelled to take it all in.
Dean’s mouth parted, but he wasn’t sure how to comfort him when he felt like he was the one that needed comforting first.  “No, man.  It’s fine,” he said reaching for the door knob.  “Just wasn’t feelin’ it tonight.  Maybe another time when I’m not off my ass?”  He tried for a weak smile, but it fell flat.
Avoiding his own naked reflection looking back at him from the floor-length mirror, Dean knelt at his feet as Cas’ hovered over him like a dark, daunting shadow.
“You’re welcome, Sam.  If you need anything the bathroom is to the left and the kitchen is at the end of the hall.”
Aaron set his coffee down and nodded, slipping into the seat across from Dean.  “Yeah, you seemed like you were in a bad mood.  I almost wasn't going to ask, but I thought I'd seize the moment.”  He smiled, crossing his arms and resting them on the table.  “Plus, I might have pulled a middle school move and asked her to talk to you for me.  I figured it wouldn't come as a real surprise.  I am surprised you said ‘sure’ though, to be honest.”
They hadn’t said much to each other since Charlie spotted the mottled bruising on Dean’s cheek and jaw earlier in Anthropology.  Dean brushed it off as having hit it while opening a door, but Charlie was a smart girl, and Dean wasn’t dumb enough to believe she bought it.  Maybe she thought Dean just got into a regular fist fight like a regular guy.  Lord knew he never planned on telling her otherwise.
All of a sudden, the ugly floral design around the rim of the plate Dean held had become particularly interesting.
Charlie’s room was noticeably more sanitary than Aaron’s.  No clothes on the floor and the bed was actually made.  It also didn’t have the faint aroma of dirty underpants.  All in all, it was nice.  Very Charlie, considering the amount of geeky posters lining her half of the room.
Before Castiel’s hazy brain could catch up, Dean’s slim frame was crowding him backwards against the sofa without even touching him.  The cushion hit just below the knee as he unceremoniously fell back into it.
He’d awoken that morning from a dream of him, wishing intensely that the young man had woken up next to him.  Or rather, that he’d never left the cocoon they’d made for themselves, and that he never mentioned anything to make Dean pull away.  That in itself was the real dream.  But this was real life.  How was he going to face him come Tuesday?  What do you say in a situation like that?
Later that night, lying face up in his far-too-empty bed and soaking in the water stain on the ceiling, Castiel realized to himself briefly before falling asleep, that maybe he wasn’t as professional as he’d originally believed.  And maybe, instead of the lack of feeling, he was feeling far too many things at once.
Coming up to stand by the edge of the narrow podium, Castiel cleared his throat.  The man lowered the edge of his magazine and peered at him over the top of the softened pages waiting for Castiel to speak.  Clearly a well-loved edition.
“No,” Cas answers truthfully. “I didn’t even think you’d survive the plane ride over. Frankly, I’m surprised I managed to land with all my fingers still in tact.”
“What can I say,” he said, setting the sandwiches down on the coffee table.  “Chock it up to my old age.  Or maybe, I’m just peculiar.”
Dean has more pressing issues to contend with, Cas tells himself as he pours Deans coffee into his favorite mug.  The one with the chip in it, for whatever reason.
Castiel casted him a chastising glare, before glancing towards his office door.  They were the only two in the basement at this time on a Friday, but still.  “You really don't know how to stop talking, do you?  Could you at the least lower your voice next time you decide to bring up fireable offenses?  Better yet, why don't you ask Naomi to come back so we can all laugh about it?  God knows she loves a good joke.”
Something was tickling his nose.  And he was warm, warmer than usual, and his shirt was sticking to his skin, but as soon as he recognized the sandy brown cropping of hair he was presently burying his face into as having been Dean, the feeling was gone.
Castiel’s choked out a deep, graveled moan as Dean palmed over his growing erection through his black trousers.  Desperately, he gasped.  “Yes,” he groaned, the sound dragged over hot coals.  “I never stopped.”
And then Castiel was left in the dark, that pull towards Dean slicing through the fat for just one last singular moment of clarity.  “I love you too,” he murmured past dry chapped lips, but it fell upon deaf ears.
“Want you,” is all Dean could quiver out, before Cas was lovingly wrapping his fist around them both, coaxing Dean to his level.
There was still silence on Castiel’s end of the line.  “Dean?” he finally asked.  “...Are you alright?”
A bright grin flashed briefly across Dean’s face.  Clearly unswayed by the taste, Dean’s smile drifted away, but he stared at Castiel’s lips again and met his eyes as if in wonder.  All gold-flecked irises and auburn freckles in the sunlight.  He was looking at Castiel like he was something else entirely.  Like a precious pearl found at the bottom of the ocean.  Like he was an oasis in the desert.  But he was just Castiel.  He was still a dick, and he wasn’t any different than he had been a month ago.  Dean just didn’t need to know that much.
The floor couldn’t be made of lava, he tried to reason with himself.  Crowley must be lying to him because he knew somewhere that was impossible.  Floors couldn’t be made of lava.  He’d almost convinced himself of it, except when he looked at the wooden slats of the floor they moved like a mirage and he was almost as sure that he saw one of them boil and burst out the corner of his eye; he just couldn’t catch it.   And he was suddenly hyper aware of just how many people were in this room with him right now, but the funny thing was, they weren’t even people.  Not really.  Their faces were too long and their eye sockets were too gaunt.  Some of them were bone and drinking cups of blood and there were teeth coming out of their skulls and they were cackling and grinding on one another and Castiel was starting to think it wasn’t really funny at all.  That this Here was a lot different than the other Here.
No wonder she was always horny, Castiel idly thought to himself as the nearly shirtless man stood out in the rain outside his love interest’s house, professing his undying love for someone he barely even knew.
“Yes!” he gasped.  “Just, please--  just move.”  He writhed underneath him, praying for Castiel to get the message, but he didn’t move, he just waited.
Shrugging into his trench coat by the door, Castiel grabbed his bible off the dining table and headed out to the driveway.  The chill in the air was biting through his coat sleeves, but he felt odd sitting in the car alone, in Dean’s car, so he waited with his arms protectively wrapped around his middle.
The apartment was freezing as Dean led Castiel into the bathroom, wincing with every step.  He attempted to tidy up the clothes he’d shucked off earlier into the hamper before Castiel saw, and then he reached around the shower curtain to turn the gauges.  They stripped while the water sputtered to heat up again and Castiel perched himself against the doorframe as Dean crouched to search under the sink.
Casting a deadpan stare toward an indeterminate point on the wall, Castiel waited for it to be over, arms pinned down by his side.  “Okay,” he grumbled after a few seconds.  “Okay, Balthazar.  Get off me!”
Dean split into a Cheshire grin, patting her shin as he scooted to the edge of the bed.  “Somehow I don't believe you, but I can't argue with that,” he said, leaning over to slip his feet back into his boots.
“Are you sure?” Castiel’s thumb gently brushed over the skin now faded yellow on the ridge of his cheek.  The gesture seemed out of place here.  Too personal given they hardly knew each other.
“Man, that sucks.  My little brother and me used to watch it together.  Every weekend we’d end up huddled around our little antenna TV sharing a bowl of soggy Lucky Charms and waiting for the Saturday morning cartoons.”  A warm smile escaped his lips followed by a flash of something indeterminable.  “It’s a classic.  You should check it out.”
He towels off and changes into a pair of clean boxer briefs then tousles his hair with his fingers in the mirror and spritzes himself with a little cologne. He’s in Hawaii with the man he loves and they have a suite to themselves— he’s pretty sure there’s no way his night could get any better, and yet when he walks back out into the bedroom twenty minutes later, the room is dimmed.
The hunt was easy, but things got a little hairy there for a minute.  Nothing Dean couldn’t handle, of course, he was just supremely glad to be home.  His sweatpants were practically screaming his name.  Ascending the steps into the library, Dean paused and sniffed the air, detecting the distinct scent of burning food and muttered curses.  He set his duffel down carefully.
“Okay.”  He gulped, but met Charlie’s well-intentioned face and nodded before she integrated herself amongst the throng of moving bodies.
The sun was high in the sky and there were hardly any clouds in sight besides a few wisps further along the horizon.  Castiel couldn't have picked better weather for a class outing if he tried.  It was a balmy seventy-two degrees and given this was his only class on Tuesday afternoons, he decided to dress more casually than he normally would.  That entailed his favorite faded AC/DC t-shirt and fitted black jeans.  Today he didn’t have to be the professor.  Today he could just blend if he wanted to.  Technically speaking, he didn’t even have to go with his students on this outing at all, but art museums were always his favorite place to be and he never wasted the opportunity.  Especially not today, given the museum had several drawings by Michelangelo on loan and that was something Castiel wouldn’t miss for the world.
Based on sound alone, it sounded like it was coming from Mrs. Birdell’s apartment above his, and he attempted to rationalize on his way up the stairs what an elderly woman could be doing with power tools at this ungodly hour.  On a Sunday, no less.  Maybe it was finally a plumber come to fix the slow leak in her pipes that was consequently causing his old water spot to grow.  That was actually the only rational explanation he could come up with for the noise, but knowing Mrs. Birdell, it was nowhere close to the ballpark.
It wasn’t Dean’s first time getting high by any means.  That was a usual routine he’d had in high school, behind the gym with his few miscreant friends.  Biding time before he would inevitably end up having to go home and walk on eggshells again.  They were easier to step on once he was comfortably numb to the pain.  Because they did crack.  They always did.  And Dean had made it his sole mission to always be in the line of fire when it happened because it was better him than anyone else, he figured.  A higher power having decided Dean must have deserved it, this kind of life, and who was he to argue with God?
“Dude.”  Exasperatingly, Dean groaned at another one of his lame jokes.  “Just shut up and fuck me.”
He paused a moment like he was trying to figure out how to say it.  Dean wished he would just spit it out already.
Something he’d thought about often as a younger man, before everything, as he lay awake at night.  Something he figured Lisa with her cherry tinted lipstick, her blood red manicures, and perfectly pressed Sunday dresses would never deign to do.
“Are you finished making love to your seat yet?  Honestly, I'll never understand your fascination with twinks.”
When their meal is almost through, not having endured any questioning, Dean thinks he’s home free, until Sam sets his spoon down in his bowl as well and gives Dean that hesitant look he gets when he’s contemplating how best to phrase something.  Dean narrows his eyes at him over the top of his beer and slowly lowers it to the tabletop.  “Don’t, Sam,” he warns.  Sam’s eyebrows inch up his forehead in surprise, but Dean doesn’t know why he’s surprised.  Dean knows damn well what goes through his head on any given day.  Today’s no exception.
Releasing him from her death grip, Charlie batted him on the shoulder.  “Don’t you make fun of me, Winchester!  Friends aren’t supposed to judge.”
“Well,” he said, shrugging a shoulder, “Once. Before I moved here. This girl April Kelly kissed me up against the cubbies in kindergarten,” he confessed, dissolving into a fit of infectious giggles.
Dean shrugged.  “You’ll be mine either way.  As above, so below.  You know how that saying goes.  And don’t even think about killing yourself, Father, because suicide is a mortal sin too, you know.  Or, then again… maybe you don’t.”
They hang up at the same time, but Dean stared at the open contact in his phone for a few minutes longer.  He’d be lying to God if he said he didn’t miss the shit out of that kid, but what was he going to do?  He didn’t have any other choice.  He was just going to have to pretend he was living somebody’s dream to get by.
“Bullshit.”  The hint of a smile lifts Dean’s lips as he taps the chip on the lip of the mug.  “Nobody likes a liar, Cas.”
“Because if you refuse me, I want to make you suffer.  Rotting away in a claustrophobic prison cell until someone takes mercy on you and euthanizes you.  Just as you tried to do to me.  Best case scenario for slaughtering an innocent family, afterall, Father.”  Dean grinned.  “If I can’t have you no one can.”
The flash of the muzzle firing.  The cracking of bone.  The spray of blood.  The overwhelming sense of relief at finding Dean safe.  He remembers those, holds onto them.
,” Castiel gasped.  It was just as hot, if not hotter, in person than in his mind.  He was practically salivating for him.  “I need to suck you off.”
“Hey, I dunno.”  Dean shrugged.  “You’re the one with the supposed ‘sex life’.  Figured maybe you got up to something too.  Maybe one of those orgies or whatever kinky shit you’re into.”
Dean gave a slight nod and rolled himself over to face the window again, settling into the wall of comforting heat that was Castiel’s body on the other side of the bed.  “Still think you’re kind of a dick, though,” he added, drifting off.
The rest of Castiel’s weekend was suspiciously unburdensome.  He spent the remainder of Saturday night with the remnants of his bottle of Sauvignon Blanc and his tattered copy of ‘Slaughterhouse-Five’.  Sat in his overstuffed second-hand armchair, he flipped the pages until the blissful throes of sleep overtook him.
“You must be Dean,” he says, voice suggestively fond for whatever reason.  “Cassie has told me so much about you.”
On the walk over, they shot the shit about Sam’s new supposed ‘girlfriend’ and Dean couldn’t miss out on the chance to rag on him the rest of the way to the diner for the sheer naivety of believing marriage would be in the cards for them.  A girlfriend at 14 was next to pointless in Dean’s opinion, but it was his brotherly duty to give him the rundown of the sex talk anyway, much to Sam’s discomfort.
“You’ve already got a year up on everyone else.  You’re going to be nineteen soon, aren’t you? Wouldn’t you like to get the hell outta here?  Start doing something better with yourself?”
They cooked burgers in the backyard and somebody had brought sparklers over to mess around with.  He distinctly remembered the sparklers because the two of them swiped a box from the back porch and ran with them through the woods.   Probably would've burnt the whole damn treehouse to the ground if Castiel hadn't burnt his eyebrow and tossed them out the hole in the floor.
“Cuz then we never woulda met,” he said with a half-smile, and one of those small, secret smiles tugged on the corner of Castiel’s lips to match.
Castiel rolled his eyes at the nickname, but at least it was better than E.T.  “At least three,” he said with a huff.
When his eyes found him, Damien smiled.  “Was hopin’ you'd end up here.”  His voice was like aged whiskey, but somehow he still sounded young.  Barely a man himself with the confidence of ten.
Once he crawled through the chipped bathroom window and landed soundly on the tile, Dean decided he might as well take a shower.  Wash any and all trace of Aaron and the memory of the customer at the club from his skin once and for all.  If only life were that easy, he mused, as he started the water.  It came out in trickling spurts, but eventually flowed steady.  It was lukewarm at best, but whatever.
Cas stepped back then with a sappy smile to briskly rinse himself and towel off when it seemed like he was fixing to leave altogether.
“Is that so?” Castiel asked, wanting to deny it, but in all good conscious he knew he couldn’t.  Not all of it anyway.  “You must have me all figured out then, don’t you?”
Castiel’s lips parted, searching, like a fish on dry land, until some form of an apology bubbled up and out of his chest.  “I’m sorry, Dean.”
Huffing into his coffee, Dean remembers what he told himself last night.  The bare minimum.  He might as well get this over with.
The dead blood had long settled into the fibers of his clothing as Dean peeled out of them and let them fall to the floor.  He undressed in his usual fashion, but couldn’t help the feeling that he was shedding more than just his soiled clothes. He was shedding the dead weight too.  He was becoming something entirely new.
Dean half swallows before trying to answer.  “Yeah,” he sputters, eager to change the subject from wherever Cas had wanted to take it before Sam came traipsing in.  “Just watched.  They got the tip-off and dropped the bodies at the morgue for ID.”
In a burst of defiance, Castiel threw his head back nailing the demon with a sharp crunch of cartilage.  A howling shout cut the air.  Dean dropped the knife and slipped his thumb out to clutch at his nose now pouring red streamers of blood over his lips and down his chin.  The hot droplets seared Castiel’s neck as they landed, but he wrestled with the door handle and clambered himself out from under.
“Fine,” he concedes, crossing the kitchen and sitting himself down with Sam and Jack at the table.  He specifically notes that Cas doesn’t, but that’s probably because the only open seat left is next to Dean.  Maybe that's for the best.
Absently, he watched as a bee pollinated a blue hydrangea just outside her office window.  It seemed a lot more interesting than anything he might’ve said four years ago.
“I, uh,” Dean starts, bringing a hand up to scrub at his bleary eyes.  “I tried to take some Nyquil?  Dayquil?  Whatever-the-quil to knock myself out, but I think it backfired.  Just made it worse.  Still a little out of it though.”  Wrapping his palms around the mug, he drinks the rest of the coffee slower this time.  “Coffee’s good,” he says, handing the now empty mug back.
“You're late,” he said, not bothering to spare a glance from his notes.  “You’ll have to find a friend or visit my office hours.”  A delayed, murmured “sorry” was the only response as the student found a seat in the back row.
His full name was James Castiel Novak, but that wasn’t something this random student needed to know.  Castiel side-eyed the abstract visage of the tall young man before glancing back at the form in his hand in order to find the student’s name.  “It stands for see you next Tuesday... Mr. Winchester.  On time, I hope.”
Seating himself down on the back steps next to a poorly carved jack-o-lantern, he placed his cup of water between his thighs and mindlessly thumbed at a loose thread on the ripped knee of his jeans, eyes gazing up at the night sky.  Though, in this moment, he couldn’t help but notice the stars weren’t as bright this close to the city.
“But hey, I was thinking…” he started, checking over his shoulder that Charlie wasn’t coming back.  Of course she was on the phone with Dorothy when Dean needed her the most.  “About last time...”
“Dean!”  He hears it again closer, louder, and looks down to meet the pair of baby blues in his lap, but something isn’t right about them the longer he looks.
“Would you quit touching everything,” he reprimanded, drawing the box of tapes closer to his side of the bench seat, “You’re acting like a friggin’ child.”
“Well, Dean, I am majoring in Gender Studies and, despite whatever over-simplistic way you seem to view the world, men and women aren’t that different and most of the people I surround myself with don’t quite subscribe to such black and white thinking as you seem to. So, yeah, believe it or not, there’s guys out there who actually want to fuck someone like me.  Imagine that!”
“Not even a little bit,” he laughed.  “Anyway, I’m washing this stank off me.  I’m sure I’ll see you tomorrow, brother,” he added with a wink and another overzealous slap to his ass.
“What do you need?”  He asked, teasingly trailing wet, open mouthed kisses along the strip of hair running along Dean’s navel.  Up the soft skin of his abdomen until he reached his nipples and coaxed them between his teeth.
“Sam told you to work out our shit before he got home, didn’t he?” Dean asked at the same moment Cas said, “So Sam asked you to to resolve our differences, as well.”
“Depends on what you drive. If you’ve got one of those new things that’s made of computers and batteries, then you’re on your own. I just don’t have the equipment here.”
Sam barely contained a snort as he walked back to the truck for their final bags, and muttered under his breath just loud enough for Dean to hear, “Meat man.”
The Shadow then. "Why Death?" He asked first, only receiving a smile and a shrug that said 'why not' before changing his question. "What plans?"
“Cas listen...” Sam felt like the room was spinning. Nothing made sense anymore. He couldn't risk losing the angel as an anchor. Not now. He couldn't watch someone lose their faith again. “ We can find a way to bring him back. I don't know how but, please, you can't give up. We'll...”
"Aziraphale! Crowley!" She smiled in greeting, completely ignoring his panicked question once again. "I trust everything went well then?"
"Your secret is safe with me." Sam smiled. Good. This was good. Dean was calm now. He could use this opportunity...
The first part of the morning was spent playing various board games. That ended quickly though after a heated argument over the rules of Monopoly. The rest of the morning was spent down in the bunker's shooting gallery. Jack was eager to show off the skills he had learned from Mary. The others used the time to fine tune their aims, turning it into a contest to see who was the best shot. It was pretty much a three way tie between the Winchesters.
Dean woke to the sound of his attacker (attackee?) frantically pacing in front of him, speaking in hushed tones. “I had just closed up the shop and was on my way to the back room to have some tea and read a book when I heard a loud noise and there he was! Lying on the floor. In the middle of the portal, no less! It's lucky for him it wasn't powered up!”
"Werewolves?" Garth chuckled, with a raised brow, when Sam told him his grouping. "A little ironic there, amigo, don't you think."
The remaining three watched as they left, sitting in awkward silence for a minute, before Aziraphale spoke. "Well, then. I suppose I should help two do the dishes." He rose his fingers, as if to snap them clean but Sam stopped him, shaking his head.
"No!" Cas screamed as he gathered the last of his grace. His hand shot out and reached above Dean's head, grabbing the blade of the scythe mid swing.
"Nothing." He shook his head. These girls took his and Sam's existence in stride, but he was pretty sure finding out they had been obsessing over the word of God might actually make their heads explode. "So about this 'subtext' crap..."
"Probably not." Aziraphale agreed. " We're probably going to die, horribly. Neither of us are nearly powerful enough to hold our own against an angel of Castiel's rank, I doubt we'll last even a minute against the Almighty." He turned another page, fully aware that the demon was staring at him with his mouth a gape. " I have no doubt that something will go horribly wrong. However, I would rather spend my final moments, fighting for what is right, than laying down and waiting to die. I have certain things, certain people, that I would prefer to fight for. I don't want to die, but it's been made clear to me that I have no choice in the matter. If I must, then I want to go out standing by what I believe in. I want to go out by your side."
The silence seemed to go on forever as Dean racked his brain on where to even begin. Then it came to him. "When I was 19 I was dating this chick. She made me try on this pair of silky pink panties. I didn't hate it." Silence. "I kissed a
"Alright, then." Sam agreed, unable to fight the smile he felt on his face at seeing his brother and his best friend truly happy for the first time. "Looks like we've got work to do."
Aziraphale shook his head and looked directly to Dean. “I just want to remind you Dean, that if this plan doesn't work out...”
“I enjoy the routine.“ Cas responded pouring the dark liquid into two separate mugs. “Plus the molecules are quite simple, they don't taste as processed as other's.” He returned to the table placing a mug in front of Dean and taking a sip from his own.
“Oh, dear.” Aziraphale said, worrying the cord of his rotary. “Might it possible for you to tell me when he'll return.” He glanced over at Dean and Crowley, shaking his head in disappointment.
Dean quirked an eyebrow at Cas His eyes were completely blown wide with lust. " You like that, huh.?" He said as he teased his nails back over Cas's shoulders. The angel's slack jaw and glowing blue eyes were all Dean needed for answer. Cas moved like lightening as flipped Dean onto his back and sent surge of grace through his spine before pounding into him so fast Dean didn't even have time to think about how bad it should hurt. The hunter went into sensory overload. Cas had one hand over Dean's mouth, his other moving on Dean's cock in rhythm with his hips as he rolled against Dean's prostate with every brutal thrust. His teeth were grinding against the hunter's throat, trying how best to muffle the growls that escaped him. Just as Dean heard the light bulbs shatter the world went white.
"Good things do happen, Dean. And you deserve every last one of them. You deserve love and you have most certainly earned mine."
Sam stood up first and walked over to Mary pulling her into a hug “Thanks for watching Jack and staying with us for a while. I love you, drive safe. I'm gonna go scrub by brain out with bleach.” He gave he a quick peck on the cheek and left.
"He lied to us, Sam!" Dean said, voice dangerously close to cracking. "We trusted him, and he lied to us, again!"
“M'fine” Dean insisted trying to swirl his key ring around his finger. Cas snatched them out of his hand and handed them over to Sam. He placed Dean's arm over his shoulder and grabbed him by the waist to help him walk. Dean hadn't even noticed he was swaying, but he was pretty sure the alcohol was only part of it. He had started to hear a faint screaming in his head. Someone pounding on the walls of his mind. The closer they got to the car the louder the noise became. He had let his guard down. He let his thoughts take over his mind, which meant Michael was free to make himself known. When he got in the car he closed his eyes, placed his hands over his head and let it fall between his knees, trying to block out the pounding. Dean opened his eyes while they were pulling out. The screaming stopped. There under the seat he saw a small patch of black and yellow fuzz.
"It's not that bad " Crowley shrugged. " The demons here seem more of a lazy bunch. Pretty mild compared to the humans, actually. At least they don't go around throwing holy water on every Tom, Dick, and Harry they meet."
"I'm not a fucking babysitter." She huffed, repeating the same sentence she did every time she joined him. Dean chuckled, as he usually did, earning him the same bitchface he got every time. "I'm serious!" She snapped "Do I look like some fucking 'Holly Homemaker' to you? I'm a hunter. I've had a fucking angel live inside of me before! I should be out there, slashing monsters, not playing tea party with a bunch of snot nosed brats! It's humiliating!"
"That's not what I'm saying Dean!" Sam huffed. "I just think this whole thing should be monitored carefully. We might need something like this again in case…"
"Fuck him." Aziraphale simply, the ease of which surprised even himself, but he went on. "Heaven and Hell couldn't keep us apart. It will take more than God to keep me away from you "
"I don't." Crowley shrugged. "I like to sleep. It makes me happy. You could afford to indulge in a few human luxuries yourself, Castiel. You never know what you might find to tickle your fancy."
" But you said it to me!" Dean whined. And he watched Castiel's  face flash through about 30 different  emotions at once. First was fear, utter terror to be realistic. Somewhere in the middle he saw undeniable fury. Panic, joy, relief, all finally settling on sadness And that's when it clicked. "....oh...Oh!.." About a trillion  thoughts were racing through Dean's mind. 'He said those things to me. He meant those things for me. Castiel, angel of the lord, feels that way about me'
A noise from behind him had his heart jettisoning into his throat. It was a noise he hadn't heard in years. The flutter of Angel wings.
"Ha, yeah I forgot about that." Dean chuckled. They found themselves clapping as Marie drove a stake into the beast and watched it explode. If only that was the weirdest part of the whole thing. Shortly after, they watched the robots take the stage, which had now been set up to look like space.
"It doesn't fucking bother you?" Dean asked. He may not like the idea of Cas going back to Meg, but that didn't mean he wasn't upset for him. Instead of a response, though, Cas just shook his head, rolled his fucking eyes and started walking away. "Seriously, dude?!" Dean snapped going after him.
As soon as they got in the room, Sam and Dean started rummaging through their duffles bags for their pyjamas. It really had been a long day and neither of them felt like wasting time, after the play was over, to get undressed. This way they could just pop it in, get it over with and go to sleep. Meanwhile, Cas stood awkwardly in the corner holding the bag of various snacks for Dean.
"Anthony J. Crowley. At your service." Crowley shook Donna's had and stepped forward to shake Jody's as well, but was stopped at the edge of the rug. He looked up, his face twisted in confusion.
"Well I mean, they're friends, I guess... I don't know..." Sam sighed. "He just came back with those two in tow, claiming that they were here to help us and..."
She turned her head slowly back to Dean, wearing the same hurt and confused expression she had worn when Dean had called out to Cas when she kidnapped Lucifer. "It appears I don't know you at all." She said. She released her hold, letting Cas drop to the floor from the ceiling, his body landing with a sickening crunch, as she walked back to her place at the bar.
Cas stood, still as a stone, as Dean hugged him tight, letting himself feel the last bit of peace that had eluded him in his final years. "Dean?"
"Agent B. I like it." she smiled letting go of his hand. "Very mysterious. Kinda like Men in Black. You know how they only have an initial. Very fitting for such a fine man as yourself. Well agents it's great to have you back in our humble little diner. Now what can I get you all to drink?"
Sam reached across the table and placed his hand over Mary's. "Mom it's fine. We know, okay? We made peace with all of that years ago. Besides, Dad apologized when he was here. How many people can say that they actually got closure with their dead father? Really, mom. We're fine."
He slid down the wall staring at the blood. When he couldn't look at the handprint any longer without wanting to throw up, he let the back of his head fall against the brick before burying his face in his hands to cry.
“Alright then.” Rowena said, cutting off Sam's rambling, which he found himself extremely grateful for. “It seems we have everything we need to attempt this crazy crusade of yours.” She tapped her fingers over the table, making a mental check list in her head. “It will take a couple of hours to get everything just right, then, I suppose, we can get to it.”
“It would look rather suspicious if I were just wandering about all the time.” Crowley replied, without looking back. He reached the top of the stairs and took a left, pulling out a set of keys. “I’ve been here for a very long time, since Eden actually, I wouldn't want people to get the wrong idea. Besides that, I've grown accustomed to a human lifestyle. The simple things in life, as it were.” He unlocked the door and waved Dean inside, closing it behind them.
Crowley stopped reading for a second to glance up at Dean. “I didn't 'choose' anything.” The demon replied before looking back at the paper, though Dean could tell he wasn't really reading it anymore. “I was just in the wrong place at the wrong time. The group of people I was with decided to act out and God happened to be in a bad mood that day. I never asked to be a demon. It just sort of... happened.”
"It was an adequate meal, I suppose." Rowena said, dabbing the corners of her mouth. "Though, it hardly makes up for everything you owe to me."
Cas moved slowly, his movements full of uncertainty as lifted his arms and wrapped them around the human. Dean sighed and let himself melt into the hug, Cas squeezing tighter as he did.
"You sure about that?" Claire chuckled. "Cuz, you sure as hell sound like one. I should know, I've been stuck with those little shits for weeks now."
Dean jumped, startled by the demon’s sudden appearance, letting go of the trench coat and whipping around to face him. “I...uh...no...” Dean stuttered scratching the back of his head. “It's just...a buddy of mine... he's got one just like it.”
Cas took his shot and sat back, picking up the beer and started scratching at the label absent mindedly. He took a short pull from the bottle, before resuming his scratching. He stared straight ahead as he spoke. "And what is it, exactly, that you suppose I should say to charm her?"
'A devil's trap! Shit!' Thought Dean in a moment of panic. He knew there was something he forgot to tell them. He turned to Jody to try to explain but it was too late. She already had a vial of holy water in her hand aiming it at Crowley. Dean tried to shout, he tried to stop her, but it was all happening too quick. He watched as the water flew in droplets across the air in slow motion, heading straight for the demon, and there was nothing he could do to stop it. He couldn't even register the telltale flutter of wings unfurling at first. It was like lighting as Cas dashed the few feet across the room, placing himself between the demon and the water. Time sped back up as the others gazed at the angel in shock and awe, water dripping from his face and, what looked to be midair beside him, though from the shadows on the wall, it was clear to see that he had his wings spread wide, preventing even so much as a drop from touching the demon.
He shut off the water and toweled off, proud with his solution. He slipped into his clean clothes and wiped some steam from the mirror to fix his hair and brush his teeth. "You, my friend, are a genius." He said, winking at his reflection.
"You ready to roll?" Dean said, from the doorway, knocking on the door frame before entering the room.
"Good!" Cas shouted. "Now maybe you can understand how I felt when I had to choose between saving existence and losing you! Maybe now you'll understand how helpless I felt without my powers, as I spent HOURS searching for you in the rubble. Now you can know how I felt when I found your broken, bloodied body half a mile away, barely alive, doing everything I could to save you and coming up short! Why I had to seek the comfort of that so called 'demon whore', who did nothing but console me over the last few days while they kept me away from you because I was so sick with worry, it became a danger to you! All because you wouldn't fucking listen!"
Cas grabbed Gabriel's hand, allowing the archangel to pull him to his feet, confusion still swirling through his core. "Gabriel, I don't understand, how are you...?"
" Let's go see if we can find Marie and see what we can help with." Sam said, making his way towards the door. When Marie answered the door though, is when they really felt uncomfortable.
"Yeah, I know where he is." She said, crossing her arms over her chest. Dean stared at her, waiting for an answer, but all he got was an icy glare in return.
Dean stared at the angel in shock, shifting his gaze to Sam only to get a shrug in return. He looked back at Cas's stupid smirk and shook his head in resignation. " Let's go get ready for this stupid party." He marched over to the car and flung open the door slamming himself inside.
Cas had listened to the thirteen songs on this particular tape more than he had listened to any other type of music in his entire existence. During the nights without any hunts, while the Winchesters were fast asleep, he spent his hours of solitude breaking down every single aspect of each melody. He had memorized every note, analyzed every word, taken every song apart piece by piece in his head to learn more about it as a whole.
Rowena took a ball from the crate and sucked up half of the rift like before. A moment later, the other half disappeared.
"If it wasn't for you, the world, as we know it, would be gone." Cas interpreted. "Lucifer and Michael would have destroyed everything you hold dear. If it wasn't for you, Marie and her friends and countless others would've been killed, or worse. If it wasn't for you Sam would've been alone. He would've grown up damaged beyond all hope. If it wasn't for you your mother would still be dead. If it wasn't for you, Dean, I would be nothing. Another soldier in Heaven's ruthless army, bent on carrying out the false will of God."
Cas apparently shared the same sentiment. He grabbed Dean's wrist urging him to release his girl and moved to work at Dean's button and zipper. He pushed Dean onto his back and began leaving kisses down his body, removing his pants as he went. When his head made it to the hunter's crotch, he licked the slit of Dean's dick before moving to place kisses down his inner thighs. He was moving painfully slow. By the time his head disappeared behind the bed Dean was panting. He wasn't sure how so little was affecting him so much, his only guess was because it was coming from Cas. When the Angel reappeared on the bed from the floor, he was also fully undressed. He laid back down on his and pulled Dean in close, one hand gripping the back of his head the other pulling him by the hip until their bodies were flush. He placed his lips over Dean's and moved his hand from the hunter's hip, gripping them both before swiping a thumb over the head of each of their leaking cocks and began to pump.
Cas sighed and rolled his eyes. "I'm sure Dean was being generous in his description of our history. I have done some truly terrible things, most of which he is likely withholding from you until we manage to take care of the situation at hand in order to keep the peace. It's what he does."
It was something he had thought about most of the night while he was trying to fall asleep, even before a full form was planned. Cas had given him his trust when it came to Crowley. It was huge. He knew it couldn't have been easy for the angel to accept the demon's help, especially considering their previous experience with working with one, but he did it anyway, for Dean. It was the least Dean could do, to give Cas a show of faith in return, and this was a giant amount of trust he was about to lay on the angel. He pulled out his keys, trying his best not to show how nervous he was about the decision, and tossed them over to Cas. "Buddy, I need you and Claire bringing up the rear in Baby. You're our toughest fighter, and we need you on everyone's six."
"Yes, well that was before we came face to face with the Almighty himself." He mumbled. "He shook the Earth with his voice, Angel. I should have known better. I was foolish to think that a being capable of killing children would be anything less than horrifying. Of course, hearing the stories and living through the after math is entirely different than seeing it up close, I suppose. Basically, dear, we are utterly fucked." Aziraphale paused and looked up from his notes, meeting the demon's eyes, his own filled with sorrow and dread. "We would have been better off dying in blissful ignorance." Crowley lifted his hand and pulled the angel's forehead to his. "I'm so sorry I dragged you into this."
Dean stood up and wiped the moisture from his hands off on his jeans. He took a deep breath and opened the door, which, as it turned out, was to a large storage closet(he really should take some time out and check out all the rooms of the bunker one of these days. He had seen more of it in the past day then he had the entire time they lived there). Cas stood on the opposite wall, his face was red and splotchy, his eyes were swollen and wet. Dean closed the door behind him and locked it. He knew it was pointless. Even if the lock wasn't on the inside,  Cas could easily shove past him and blast the door away. It was more of a gesture of safety than anything. " I thought you said angels didn't cry." He smiled, trying to keep the mood light.
“I can assure you, Dean” Crowley said straightening up, “there's nothing homosexual about us.“ He snatched another fry and twirled it between his fingers.
“All of it. Yes.” Crowley replied as he drifted through a stoplight. “If any music is left in here for more than a fortnight, it's Queen.”
"It's not even that late!" Dean defended. "It's not even nine yet!" Sam responded with, yet, another bitch face from his repitior. " I was busy, alright."  Dean grumbled.
Some time towards the end of the night, Cas and Marie had disappeared. Sam and Dean didn't think much of it until Cas had returned holding a DVD case like it was the most precious thing on Earth. " What ya got there, Cas?" Sam asked.
Dean had about a million and three more questions he wanted to ask (it wasn't everyday he wound up in an alternate universe, not a friendly one at least) but he wasn't about to argue with a demon. Not one from this world anyway. They were from different stock than his own. He wasn't sure he even knew how to fight them if he had to. So instead he just mumbled a “thanks” and wandered off down the hall without another word.
"Hey, Cas, buddy," Dean had said with a sly grin on his face as he looked  at the angel across the breakfast table that morning. "Did you, uh, happen to make any pit stops before you called us when you..ya know...got back...from the empty, I mean?"
"He was going to let Dean kill himself, kill Jack, just for his own entertainment and when Dean refused, he just snapped his fingers and...and Jack was dead. I just lost it. So, I grabbed the gun and I pulled the trigger. I don't know man, it was like he didn't even care about anything he did. Like he wasn't even remotely sorry. I only caught him in the shoulder but.... he got pissed, and we'll...here we are."
Sam rolled his eyes, still chuckling "Dean, how am I supposed to look for cases if I can't use the internet?"
Castiel sat with his wings curled around his form, his head hung low. He shook violently with silent sobs, dry, salt-crusted streaks down his face were the only evidence he ever had tears to begin with, as his ducts had long ago run out. He had screamed himself horse for hours, in every language, every tongue, only to heal himself so he could do it again, so many times that he had drained himself, and now all he could do was sit, and shake.
Cas's response was cut off when Dean's stomach let out an angry roar. "You should eat something." Cas scorned. " You will need all your energy if tomorrow is anything like today was. I'll go down to the hotel kitchen and see what they have." And just like that he was gone.
He reached down and squeezed the angel's hand, prompting Cas to look over at him. Dean leaned into his ear and repeated the officiant's words along with Siobhan, in a whisper. “ I, Dean, pledge to be your loving friend and partner, Castiel. To talk and to listen. To trust and appreciate you; to respect and cherish your uniqueness. To support and comfort you through all of life's joys and sorrows. I promise to share hopes, thoughts and dreams as we build our lives with each other. May our lives be ever intertwined, and our love keep us together. I join my life with yours. Where ever you go, I will go: whatever you face, I will face. For good or ill, in happiness or sadness, I take you as mine and will give myself to no other. Should we be separated by death, where ever I am, I promise to wait for you.”
"You called, so I came." Cas said bitterly, holding his arms out wide before letting them drop. "At your service, as always."
Both brothers exchanged a worried look before turning to face the middle aged, robust woman beside the table.
Castiel had heard of the five stages of grief, several time in his millennia. Denial, depression, anger, bargaining, acceptance. He'd seen it firsthand. What he didn't know was how many times one was supposed to go through the cycle before it was all over. After he concluded that he was doomed to live out eternity in suffering, he had probably gone through it at least ten times. He had walked forever, searching for a way out, thinking that maybe it was a trick. When he found none, he had cried. And cried. And cried. He had screamed himself through at least three cycles of healing and waiting for his powers to regenerate just to scream again. He was only slightly ashamed of how pathetically he begged for sleep. And when it was all done, he would lay quietly, and wait for the tears to start again.
"Me?" The man scoffed, shaking his head. "Who said I was going to do anything. Them?" He smiled, throwing his hands out and gesturing around the room with his cane before replacing it to the ground. "Your forgotten children? They're the ones you need to be afraid of."
"Wow, Dean! " Gabriel huffed. "We've been going on like that for a while. Coulda used you hours ago."
Adam swallowed and nodded his head, grabbing Dean by the wrist instead. He closed his eyes again, Dean doing the same, and concentrated. “There's a tall fellow now, with long hair like a girl.”
Crowley leaned over to look at the case in Dean's hand and shook his head. “You aren't going to like it.” He stated bluntly.
man." Dean said, after they fell silent again. "Seems like knowing me has kinda screwed up your entire life."
"What about you, witch?" Crowley demanded. "Got any bright ideas in that firey head of yours?" Rowena flinched as a bookshelf fell behind her, tears streaming down her face as she shook her head.
Cas leaned up against the counter and placed his hands behind him. "You should really try to be nicer to your brother." he said, staring straight ahead.
"I'm not a child, Dean." Cas pouted, as he let Dean finish buttoning his shirt. "I'm perfectly capable of dressing myself."
Jack tilted his head and furrowed his brow in a way that was so reminiscent of Cas, it was almost impossible to remember he wasn't the kid's biological father. "Did something happen between you and Castiel?" He asked " Grandma Mary and I heard something from the 'Dean Cave'. He sounded....angry."
"Did I fucking stutter?!" Crowley hissed, hoping like hell his tone would hide the fact that he felt like he was going to be sick. "Ssssoulsss! NOW!"
John nodded again, acknowledging the small forgiveness Dean had granted him and shrugged. "Yeah, well. Can't take all the credit." He nodded over to Cas and Mary, directing his son's attention back that way. Dean smiled at the scene before him, Cas's head dipped in guilt as Mary lectured him about something. "It probably helped to have someone who loves you forcing you to see the good in yourself." Dean's head shot back to John in shock, waiting for him to say something more, but instead John just laughed. And everything was okay.
Crowley sighed and set down his paper and mug with an air of annoyance. ”Of course, you are.” He grumbled before snapping his fingers and turning the tea into coffee. He picked his paper pack up and flared it out, crossing his foot over the other knee, leaned back and continued reading. “Is there anything else I can do to make your stay a little more comfortable.” He said sarcastically. “Shall I polish your crown and walk the royal corgis as well.”
“Claire was my vessel's child.” Cas answered “After I stole her father away and got him killed, along with her mother's passing, I figured it was my responsibility to step in as a sort of parental figure. She does not answer to authority well.” Cas chuckled. “ And yes she is very pretty. She does better with Jody now, though it is my understanding that she has been having a rough time since Kaia's passing.”
Cas stood up straight and gestured with his head towards the dungeon. “Time to fix one of my mistakes.” He said, walking away. Sam sighed and followed quietly behind.
"You wouldn't be embarrassed if it weren't true." Crowley chuckles. Dean stopped pulling chicken out of the pan to give him a dirty look, which only made him laugh harder. "I have people I care about too, you know. Well, not so much people as person...angel...whatever. If God is hell-bent on destroying your world because you deviated from his plan, I can't imagine it will be too long before he comes after ours. Better to get the Almighty out of the way now, than have to take care of it later. It's simple strategy." He watched Dean work as he spoke almost mesmerized by the quick precision of his hands. Hands that have killed. It was lucky that they were on the same side. "Getting you to realize that you may not be the man you think you are is nothing more than a fun bonus, really."
“Why not?!” Aziraphale scoffed. “My dear, we just finished fighting our own apocalypse. I don't know about you but I believe one 'end of days' is enough for a lifetime. This world is dangerous, Crowley.”
Either way, Cas had saved their asses, but it didn't give him the right to run away again. Dean needed him; he and Sam both did. They had just lost their mom, again. Their entire universe was ending. Everything they had spent their entire lives fixing, every ghost put to rest, every demon exorcised, every person saved, it was all erased with the snap of God's fingers. They watched the child they claimed as their own, killed, right in front of them. Emotions we're high, to say the least. Now wasn't the time to go off on another fruitless crusade to some other dimension to beg for help. No one was going to help them. Nobody cared. Even if they did, this was God they were going up against! Even if anybody was willing to help, who could?
"What we mean is," Sam interrupted " Dean, this place was built to teach people about monsters. It was built to give people the know how to protect themselves against everything that goes bump in the night, and I think that's how it should be used. I know we've tried it before, and it didn't end all that great for us, but we can learn from our mistakes."
Sam gritted his teeth and shook his head. "Cas really messed him up Charlie. I mean, the guy already turned his back on us once and Dean just let him back into our lives like nothing even happened."
“I see....” Crowley smirked. “And how do you get...” He waved his hand out in front of him, gesturing towards Dean and Castiel, “... That to stop?”
"Cool it, Cas!" Dean warned. " Hate to be the one to you guys, but me and him? Yeah, Never gonna happen."
"No problem." Sam half chuckled, pulling his Dean into a hug, only to be met with a pathetic whine. "Are you sure you're okay?" Sam asked as he stepped back examining Dean's expression.
"Are you honestly, quoting the Bible to me right now? Now!?" Crowley hissed as the turned down the hallway leading to the throne room of Hell.
Cas's heart sank a little at that, for reasons he couldn't really explain (at least not out loud, to a stranger) and he nodded his head. "That I can believe." He mumbled to the ground.
“ D...did you mojo our family?” Dean asked. Cas just shrugged in response. “ You sly son of a bitch.” Dean smiled back. He slid off the bed and began searching for his discarded clothes. He slipped them on tossing Cas's boxers to him (because it was too damn distracting for him to remain naked) and waited for him to put them on before slipping his arms around his waist, pulling him in for a kiss. “ You gonna come with me? You can leave before everyone gets up.”
Aziraphale’s smile faded a bit and he walked over to the bed, sitting down on the edge. " Do you really think that we can help pull this off?"
Cas spit the water from his mouth and stepped a safe distance away from Crowley, fluffing his wings out to dry them, before tucking the back in. " He's a friend of Dean's." He said, wiping the excess from his face. "He's here to help."
"No." He answered finally, anger seeping through his core as he thought about the horror of such wonderful beings forced to spend eternity in pain.
Dean turned to Crowley, snatching him by the collar and shoving a finger in his face "Can it, alright?!" He whispered harshly, before releasing his hold and turning to face the others. "Hey, guys. Sorry, had to fill this guy in on a few more details about what we're up against. What's up?"
Dean grabbed him by the wrist. "Don't." He said "Please. Cas, I told you I don't care who knows anymore."
“Jesus Christ, man! Seriously. “ Sam looked like he was gonna be sick. “ That is completely unnecessary!” Dean looked back just in time to see Cas finish sliding a sausage link from Dean's plate slowly into his mouth and wink at Sam. He couldn't help but laugh at the fact that someone else was finally at the other end of Cas's relentless teasing. “ What's wrong Sammy? Can't stand to know I'm getting some and you're still the sexless wonder?”
Dean scrubbed his hands over his face and ran the through his hair a few times to calm himself. " Look man, just go to my room and find something that fits and put it on okay? Jack? Bring me that bowl, and go get cleaned up. Imma finish up in here and then I'll go take a shower and meet you guys by Baby. We good?"
Dean turned to Crowley, who uncrossed one arm, pulling down his glasses enough to reveal his snake-like eyes, before pushing them back up and returning to his previous position. “ Demon, I'm afraid. The host doesn't take too kindly to creatures, such as myself. And don't think I could persuade Hell in your favor either. As far as they are concerned, I'm nothing more than an abomination.”
“Listen to me Sam Winchester.” Castiel demanded. “You understand nothing. This world is doomed and everyone in it, except me. I will have to witness all of you suffer and die by the hands of my father. Everything I have come to know and love will be destroyed before my eyes and I will have to spend the rest of eternity knowing that I had a hand in it. Think it selfish of me, I don't care, but I feel I at least deserve one thing before I spend the rest of eternity in agony! I deserve to have Dean know...” His voice lost power as he faltered, his eyes dropped to the floor. “I want Dean to know that I'm sorry. For everything. All of it.”
"Well the apocalypse is happening, my dear." Crowley said condescendingly. "There are still monsters and such to contend with, it's not like we could've avoided them forever. Will you stop that!" He huffed, waving off Aziraphale's worrying hands. " I'm perfectly fine!"
“That's brilliant!” Aziraphale beamed. “Don’t you understand? This is wonderful. Perhaps it has the information we need in order to get Dean home.”
“What, you’re not gonna go over there and kick his ass?  Shit, I probably would if she were my girl.”
rocked the Impala and the engine shuddered to a halt. The streetlight illuminating the intersection flickered out, and Dean was left sitting in the dark as a wave of power washed over him. For the first time since Jack had waved goodbye, Dean actually felt like Jack actually was around and paying attention, and not just off being molecules or whatever it was a god did with himself in his free time. Even despite his flash of fear and concern at the oncoming surge, when it washed over him, it felt peaceful.
Cas frowns and hands Dean the final clean glass and watches him dry it and put it back in the cupboard. “Like the psychic who drew my handprint on your shoulder?”
“I’ll have several of our seasoned volunteer parents on hand to help with crowd control, but you’re always welcome in the library, Dean.”
“Yeah, well, the worst that could happen is that we could do this, and then get out of here, and you’d let me down easy, tell me it was just about saving our asses, and then I’d never get to do this again. That would be worse than having to stab myself again. Or watching you stab yourself. I’d prefer it if nobody had to do any stabbing at all here.”
“Yeah, we’re not named specifically in any of those documents, but if they try to drag us into it then they’d also be forced to acknowledge everything they did to us and to the entire department,” Dean replied. “It would be an admission of guilt, and Charlie doesn’t think they’re stupid enough to double down on what they did just to try and drag us under the bus with them. We have the power here now, and if they try to screw us, we’ve got all the evidence we need to sue them, the hospital, and their foundation.”
The kitchen warmed up quickly and filled with the aroma of cheesy, eggy goodness while Cas leaned against the counter slowly sipping at a beer. He’d even poured it in a glass in an attempt to feel like he was getting the true microbrewery experience.
The final name on the list was good old Zachariah Adler. As far as Dean could tell, he was just another windbag who enjoyed using what power he had to make everyone around him miserable. But again, aside from his personal enjoyment of other people’s suffering, there wasn’t really an obvious incentive for him to be involved in this. For a guy like Adler, he probably enjoyed watching the fallout, but if there wasn’t a big enough personal motivation for causing that much trouble, he also didn’t seem like the type to take a big risk, either.
Rowena hands Dean Sam’s phone, giving Sam a concerned glance. “I put my number in there. Will you have him call me to let me know that he’s okay?”
Five minutes before his alarm was set to go off, Dean woke up and silenced it. There was no point in being lazy in bed long enough for it to potentially wake Cas up, too. With a groan he got dressed and headed to the kitchen to make coffee. If he was going to have to brave the Saturday morning grocery crowd, he’d need fortification.
Cas’s entire expression brightened. “I have something for you, then,” he said, and motioned for Dean to follow him across the library to another open door into a smaller workroom. “Missouri left me these back in June, with the instruction to offer them to you first before adding them to our general circulation.”
“Really? Their account is called UnnaturallyEvil?” Sam said with a scoff. “If the dude really is a demon, that’s a bit on the nose.”
Dean blinked at them both. The black void in the pit of his stomach was opening wider as the last hope he’d held out for some way to bring Cas back was slipping away from him. He absolutely did not want to have his breakdown on the front steps with his adopted kid and his… his sort-of-ex, or whatever the hell Amara was to him. It took everything in him to hold himself together for just a little longer, until he could hear them out and convince them that all their needs could wait until at least Sam got home to be the semi-rational adult to help them sort their lives out and play career counselor while he went into full-blown Dean Winchester Grief Mode.
Dean hesitated for a moment and then took the offered parcel. He began unfolding them but Wulf stayed his hand with a look of panic on his face.
Dean’s shoulders relaxed, and he gave a nearly imperceptible nod, assuring Cas enough to release his wrist and cautiously approach Sam. All of Sam’s attention was still on Dean, though.
Ed held up his hands. “I have no idea. It seems like kind of a stupid thing for a demon to do. If he is actually a demon. Why would he bother playing parlor tricks with a bunch of kids for a modest number of youtube subscribers? I floated the theory to a couple of my contacts, and they agreed it seemed pointless. Or at least harmless. They aren’t out there killing people. At least, not that I can tell.”
It takes him ten more minutes, and three more missed texts and a call he lets go to voicemail before he’s finished bandaging the tattoo and running through all the aftercare instructions with his client. He lets Claire ring up the sale while he sends a hasty text to Sam letting him know he’s on the way now. On his way out the door, the woman he tattooed presses a small wad of cash into his hand with a grateful smile, and he shoves the money in his pocket and thanks her for her business. He has no idea how much she even tipped him, but he’s late and Sam is gonna be pissed.
“Yeah, but the complaints were supposedly anonymous, and nurses don’t set our schedules. How does that work out for them unless they can guarantee they’ll be stuck on the same shift with, uh…”
For the second time in twenty minutes, Dean felt like he’d tripped over his whole entire keyboard and faceplanted on the screen. Charlie had been watching them chat back and forth for several years now, and they’d often fake-flirted with each other enough that the occasional newbie would mistake them for a couple. Nothing had ever come of it, of course, because how much can you actually flirt with intent when neither party is willing to step out from behind the veil of anonymity? It was entirely harmless fun, and everyone knew it. Or he thought they’d known it. Dean had been wishing it could be something more for so long now that he knew if nothing had come of it already, the chances only grew slimmer as time went on. Just like the characters on the show he wrote about, pining away for each other for years and never letting it go anywhere. Well, that’s what fanfic was for, right?
“We do need sustenance. I think that’s a lovely idea, Dean. Just give me five minutes to lock up the library, and I’ll meet you outside. Did you have anywhere in particular in mind?”
The Entity stood by, mockingly mouthing Jack’s words as he spoke, but effectively doing nothing to threaten either of them. Jack was sure that it had already capitulated to his demands. Now it was only a matter of convincing Cas to leave. In the ensuing silence, the Entity finally spoke up, looking ridiculously pleased with itself.
Dean slid down in the water until Cas was mostly submerged again. He sighed as Dean’s hands searched lower and settled on his ass, squeezing before holding him in place while Dean ground his hips up against him. They slid together in the soapy water, and Cas stretched out his legs to find more leverage to press his weight down on Dean. “You were right about the candles,” Cas said as he rocked his hips down again. “You look beautiful in this light.”
Dean laughed at that and took the bottle from Cas as they switched places yet again. “Thanks for that, I guess. I was trying to give you the same heads up without making it completely awkward, and that was just the song that was stuck in my head.”
Dean grunted. “Yeah, apparently you were one of the first picked. Congrats. I talked to WitchySis to ask if she’d seen you around.”
“Plus there’s always the chance one or both of them lost interest in the two of you and didn’t even care about trying to get you alone,” Donna added. “Could just be they wanted to see you suffer through shift hell for turning them down, even if it screwed them over in the process.”
That piqued Cas’s interest, and Dean realized he’d already implied he’d had plans, but none of the local entertainment variety. “So your big plans for the weekend involve staying home?”
“Healing Waters Spa,” he read out, and then reached his other arm around Cas’s other shoulder, framing him from behind in an awkward hug as he typed the name into a new google search tab. “Looks like most of the sightings from the article have happened in this area. If we’re gonna go investigate, we should probably check this place out. Jack and mom are gonna be up in Montana for at least a few more days clearing out the rest of the ghouls in that graveyard, so we got nothing stopping us from at least driving down and poking around.”
Cas hummed and took another sip of his beer. “Scandinavians regularly swim in weather much colder than this. They claim it has health benefits.”
The tub was filling up faster than he’d expected, or else Dean had just been that distracted by Cas, but he leaned over to shut off the taps and stood up to find Cas already undoing his belt.
The door to the apartment opens and Sam heaves a sigh of relief as he wanders into the kitchen. He sees Dean and Cas, dressed in nothing but pajama pants and looking entirely at ease with that fact, and makes a noise of disgust, rolling his eyes and giving Dean a disgruntled frown. He does notice Cas’s new tattoo, and tacks on a curiously raised eyebrow to the fading disgruntlement.
“Wasn’t sure this was the right place,” Ed said, hefting his bag over his shoulder and then reaching back into the van for a handful of various electrical cables. He glanced up at Dean across the hood and shook his head. “It looks like it was abandoned sometime during the Cold War.”
“I want you inside me,” Cas said quietly, and Dean tried to stop, but Cas had him locked in place and kept their pace. Cas wasn’t finished talking, and he wanted Dean to listen. “I want to be inside you. I want to taste you and suck every last drop out of you until we’re one. I don’t want this to stop. I want you here, just like this, forever. I want you in every way you’ll have me, Dean.”
They’d said their goodbyes and headed off in separate directions. Cas didn’t text Dean back until he’d arrived home, still an hour or two earlier than his usual time. He put his leftovers in the fridge, changed into something comfortable, and got his laptop warmed up. He’d already decided he wouldn’t even bother checking Discord until he’d made it through at least two more chapters of editing. Before he dove into that, he composed what he hoped was an encouraging, inviting, and friendly reply to Dean.
Dean poured himself another cup of coffee and carried it to his room to get dressed for the day. He needed to get out of the house, to clear his mind. When he was ready to go, he returned his mug to the kitchen sink and checked Discord one last time. Still nothing from Feathers. With a sigh, he quickly typed out another message and sent it before he could talk himself out of it.
“Didja forget something, Cas?” Donna said as she opened the door, only to frown when she saw Dean there. “Oh, hey, Dean. Come on in. You just missed Cas. He got called over to the hospital just a minute ago. He was gonna text you on the way.”
“I thought my problem was making too much inappropriate noise…” Cas replied, looking timid apart from the glint in his eye.
“Actually I was looking into a new living situation. A friend offered me a deal that’s hard to pass up, and I ended up staying the night there as a sort of trial run. I’ve decided to take it, and arranged to move this morning. That should give you plenty of time to find a new tenant to take my old room before the first of December.”
Out at the highway, the ambulance appeared around the corner and made its way up the main hospital service road. Their time was up. They both stood there awkwardly, not entirely sure how to end their conversation. The ambulance drew nearer, casting the ambulance bay in a swirl of flashing red and white lights in the late evening gloom, and Dean effectively panicked. In his defense, he wasn’t sure when he’d see Cas again. He took a step closer, just enough to give Cas a weird one-armed hug.
“Okay…” Ed said, trying desperately to keep the conversation on track. “But the point stands, there’s not a lot of cover for
“You can still have pie, for all I know. I doubt it’s leviathans fucking with the corn syrup again,” Sam replied.
Sam may have heard that request loud and clear, and acted on it without thinking. He was only mildly surprised when Cas did, as well.
Cas was his friend. Probably the best friend he’d ever had, and he wouldn’t want to lose that relationship for anything. But he was pretty sure he needed Feathers in his life, however Feathers would have him. The realization terrified him. Would Feathers even be willing to drop the anonymity and make their relationship real? Would Feathers even speak to him again after whatever happened to him yesterday?
Dean shrugged. “Seems like a waste of everyone’s time when the four of us are right here, right now, and our bad guy is literally in our back yard while we’re sitting here planning a party.”
They both know it’s not entirely the truth, but they also both know it’s the nature of the job. Emergencies don’t stop just because the doctors are having a terrible day. Cas is also pretty sure that even if Dr. Morningstar did deign to insert himself into such a simple case, the likelihood he’d fuck up badly enough to kill this patient was slim to none. But then again, that’s what he’d thought about his last patient, as well.
He paused for a dramatic moment to allow his audience to properly grasp his point. It was Donna who was bold enough to say what they were all thinking out loud.
“This is it, the spell to free souls trapped in crystals,” he said, jabbing a finger at the list of ingredients on the page. “I think we have everything we need here, except the stones themselves.”
It’s not exactly how Cas had planned on spending the rest of his evening, but he knows Gabriel is right. The two of them need to be on the same page if they have any hope of succeeding against Dr. Morningstar. He follows Gabriel out to the living room and prepares for a long night of study and making sure their stories are straight. He catches sight of his phone charging on his nightstand as he goes, and sighs. So much for finding some free time to talk with Dean any time in the near future.
Dean frowned at him, looking worried, and glancing at his phone again before forcing a smile and sighing.
“It could’ve waited until tomorrow,” Dean replied. “Nothing we get is ever that urgent it can’t sit a day in the box.”
Dean nodded in agreement. “That’s real considerate of you, Cas. Give him an extra minute or two for the sleeping pills he took to kick in, too.”
They’d only known each other for two days. It wasn’t like he was in a hurry. Cas would rather have Dean as a friend than make a fool of himself and have to face Dean every day at work afterward.
Sam opened a cold beer for himself, while Dean poured whiskey for himself and Cas, and then topped off Ed’s glass and brought the bottle over to the table. He wasn’t about to let Ed drink himself into a coma, and figured the guy would at least have to prove he could still shamble across the room to pour himself another glass. Dean pulled Wulf’s letter out of his pocket and then slumped down in a chair, kicking his feet up on the table and tossing the folded papers down in front of Cas.
Pamela raises an eyebrow and turns a curious look on Sam, who opens and closes his mouth a couple times before turning an apologetic grimace toward his boss. Rather than answer Gabriel’s question, he answers Pamela’s silent inquisition.
Dean glanced back at where he’d begun half an hour ago and was almost surprised to see how far he’d come. In fact, he was in nearly the same spot where Cas had startled him yesterday, only now he was down on the floor and feeling doubly attacked because of it.
“I’ve learned that far fewer people are willing to steal my dorky mugs than the fancy generic looking ones.”
Cas added, “He’s right. We’ve been here almost eight years, and we likely haven’t explored the full extent of it yet.”
“I haven’t heard back from someone, and I was expecting to. I’m worried about him, and it’s not like I can just drive over to his place and check on him. I don’t really know what to do. I reached out to a couple of our friends, and none of them have heard from him either. I… sorry, Cas. I don’t wanna be a downer here.”
Dean gave him the look that comment deserved. “Dude, did you miss the fact that I drive an ancient beast of a car? Unless you were driving a Model T around Baltimore, I think it’s a safe bet I’m not gonna make fun of your car.”
Cas frowns at him while the first half of the day’s events come flooding back to him in an unwelcome rush. He reluctantly lets Dean’s card go and pulls his hand out of his pocket. “Is this about Mr. Adler?” he asks, not really wanting to think about it, but knowing he has to, sooner or later.
The door to the apartment at the top is already open, so Dean tugs him inside and kicks it shut behind them. He turns to Cas and suddenly looks uncertain. “We can really just watch the movie if you want to. Sit on the couch, maybe make out a little.”
“Weirdo,” Dean says, and then drops a kiss on his forehead. “I think it’s been long enough you can probably shower if you want.”
“The bottom shelf is the worst, but the students don’t seem to mind crawling around on the floor,” Cas said sympathetically.
Dean cleared his throat. He could feel Cas’s eyes on him, and slowly looked up to see the last shred of hope melt into frustrated disappointment.
Dean shook his head, recalling the military style drills and relentless intensity of the trainer shouting orders like a demented drill sergeant. He shuddered as he came back to himself. “Yeah, it was definitely not for me. I get yelled at enough by attendings.”
“I agree. It’s a terrible way to go through life. You can’t even open a window and get a bit of fresh air,” Cas said, giving a resolute nod and stepping aside enough for Dean to enter the building.
Just as Mildred had told him their school was like a family, he’d felt exactly the same way about his old school back in Lawrence. He’d only worked there a few years before Sam called him up with the news that he’d landed a job clear across the country. Dean had considered relocating to California once or twice while his brother had been in college. After Sam had decided to stay out there for law school, it had become a serious consideration, but Sam had never been sure where he wanted to settle down when he graduated. If Dean was gonna pick up his whole life and start over somewhere new, he didn’t want to have to do it twice. He could wait for Sam to figure out his own life first.
He was sinking down there like a lead weight for what could have been seconds, minutes, but felt like hours, and distantly, over the sound of the water rushing past his eardrums, he could hear someone calling out to him before everything faded to black.
Castiel’s eyes grew three sizes.  He was glad he was out of coffee, otherwise it would’ve come shooting out of his nose.  “You’re asking me if you look ‘fuckable’.”  It was meant as a question, but that somehow got lost in translation.
“Uh, yeah, sure.  Go ahead.”  Dean closes his eyes, as he is apt to do, but it’s also because he doesn’t want to notice the soft way Cas looks over his body.  Deciding not to cross any further boundaries, Cas lays two fingers to Dean’s forehead and within seconds the marks on Dean’s skin and whatever invisible ailments Dean could have had are cured.  Dean tries to lie to himself, but he can’t.  He’d hoped Cas would have tried a more hands on approach.
“You think I’d care about something like that?” he asks.  “Is that what you think of me? That I’m some judgmental homophobe or whatever?” He scrubs a hand over his face and bites out a laugh.  “Cas, I- I don’t even know what to say to that other than I’m sorry.  You gotta know I don’t care, though.  You’re my best friend, man, this doesn’t change anything for me.”
Castiel did not miss the play on words, he just chose to believe they were unintentional.  “Yes, I can see that.  Congratulations.”  Clinging desperately to his resolve, Castiel had made the conscious choice not to let someone half his age hold all the power in this situation.  “If you were looking for a gold star or something, I’m fresh out.”  Somehow, that came out in sarcasm, but his weak defenses were palpable because Dean flashed an amused grin at Castiel’s expense, before turning his back on him altogether.  Castiel did not stare at his ass, but he might have stolen a brief glance.
The kitchen at the Roadhouse was a tight squeeze.  There was the dishwashing station on one end and the food prep station on the other, closest to the swinging door.  Most nights it was just Dean on dish duty and Chuck manning the grill without room for much else.  The Roadhouse didn’t exactly serve gourmet fare so it wasn’t really necessary to have more than one cook as it were.  Chuck usually did a pretty okay job keeping up with the orders, while Dean handled the clean up.  Sometimes he bussed the tables if need be, but usually Jo had that covered while Ellen worked the bar.  It was a small, family-run joint.  There was no need for extra staff.  Hell, Dean considered himself lucky that there had been an opening for a dishwasher in the window one night while he was walking to his apartment from campus.  He needed the extra cash, because while the club paid out big when it paid, it was never reliable and Dean had to worry about taking care of Sammy as well as himself.
“Sulfur,” Cas repeats hollowly.  He turns slowly and looks to Dean’s still body lying on the bed and he swallows harsh and thick.  He doesn’t know how they missed it before.  He doesn’t know how he missed it, more specifically.  There’s excuses and reasons he could tell himself, but at the end of the day, the only thing it comes down to is that his mind was preoccupied on more trivial matters than the thing laid so glaringly in front of his face.  His mouth is dry as he parts his lips to speak and he fights the urge to blame himself for this obvious misstep, but it is his fault and he bears the weight of that as he prays that Dean hasn’t sunken in deep enough to be irretrievable -- or worse, torn apart.
Dean gave Sam a critical look, engaging in a silent debate over whether or not to reveal the existence of the bunker to Ed freaking Zeddmore. It was probably an open secret in hunter circles, and if he had any dealings at all with other hunters, he’d at least heard rumors of the place. And he had called them for help, after everything else he’d put them through in the past. It didn’t seem like he was lying or trying to screw them over again. After a few moments of dramatic eyebrow conversation, Sam held up his hands and resigned from the debate. Dean turned to Cas, who was merely watching on with interest. Dean scrubbed his hand over his face and made the decision for all of them.
“Thanks Peter Pan. I guess you’re expecting a report back from Neverland with updates on just how bad I crash and burn with him?”
After stumbling across a brief conversation about some behind the scenes photos one of the actors had tweeted that morning and having a good laugh at the antics they got up to on set, he decided he’d have to be the one to initiate the lunch sequence with Cas. Dean may have been in a work lull, but Cas was probably still drowning in books. He could absolutely make the first move. At least it would get his mind off his whole Feathers situation for a bit.
“Just out of curiosity,” Dean said as Cas sat down behind the circulation desk and woke up the computer. “What’s the school policy on logging into personal accounts on the school computers?”
Gabriel freezes with his hand on the living room light switch and slowly turns back to Cas with an intrigued, if surprised, look on his face. “Since when have you been to a place like that? Or, better question, have you ever had an overpriced kelp wrap? Because I can’t tell if that sounds indulgently luxurious or just plain gross.”
“Both,” Cas replies, running his hand up Dean’s Hell-tattooed arm. “We both survived our own sort of torture and loneliness, we’ve both had adventures, and we’ve both been waiting a very long time not knowing the other was even alive.”
“Yup. The center for women’s health. Which, kudos to your hospital for such a progressive stance on women’s issues, but holy heck I don’t trust their benefactor as far as I could throw her. Which isn’t far at all, for the record,” Charlie reminded him, as if Dean could forget that Charlie was just a little wisp of a thing. “Much as it would sometimes be convenient to have orc strength, I’m more of a wood elf.”
“That’s incredibly self-aware of you, Dean,” Charlie replied. “Nice to know even trained counselors need advice sometimes.”
“You’re expected to follow the new schedules until the matter has been resolved, or until they realize how badly they’ve fucked over the entire department with this little game and put everything back the way it was. There’s a
“I assume you don’t remember going outside to get more firewood, either.” Cas said, slowly feeling the cold creep back into his bones despite kneeling right in front of the roaring fire. “Just like I don’t remember going to sleep in that bed.”
It actually draws a hint of a smile from Billie, so Cas isn’t quite prepared for what she says next.
“Pretty much, yeah. They were the Scooby Gang, minus the dog. Go back to the beginning of their youtube channel, and the first year or so of their videos were very different. More history at first, but they gradually moved on to ghost stories specifically. And there was lots of crystal energy healing hippie shit, and not a single identifiable actual ghost.”
“Well, then I hope it wasn’t too long of a drive for you,” Cas replied, and Dean mentally smacked himself for already having given the guy a nickname in his own head. “I couldn’t imagine driving all the way here from Chicago.”
The plan was to wait, and then to observe and learn as much as they could, and hope they were prepared to deal with whatever they discovered. When Dean was finished packing up the food, Sam and Ed helped carry everything out to the garage. Sam stopped by the gym on the way and picked up a football, tossing it one handed into the air a few times and grinning maniacally at Dean.
Dean nodded at him sagely. “So the whole obtuse puppy angle is still working for you. Good to hear. Just play dumb until they give up.”
“Yeah, I got it under control,” Sam said. “I think a bit of fresh air might help, too. I’ll be right back, okay? But you might wanna go out there and tell Cas I’m okay. Poor guy doesn’t need to feel even worse about this.”
Dean glared at her back and pushed his way through the door. He was just in time to hold it open for Dr. Tran as she hurried into the room demanding an update on the patient’s status and set to work.
Gabriel drops the unicorn into his outstretched hand, which Cas discovers is attached to a house key.
“Dude, you’ve been writing each other love letters all week,” she said at one point when Dean protested. “You’re thinking about shopping for a scrapbook to store them all in. I think it’s progressed past the point where either of you can be normal about this without at least talking about it with each other. Especially when you actually have to see each other all the time again. I haven’t seen it, but I assume your apartment isn’t big enough for both of you and that elephant sharing space with you.”
But then again, Impala was out on the town with a friend, probably having a grand old time and not even thinking about him sitting home alone and clinging to the tiniest crumbs of a relationship. He had no idea what Dean was doing, if he’d decided to go on that brewery tour without him, or if he was also sitting at home, alone, moping because Cas had declined his invitation. That didn’t exactly sit well with Cas, either.
Jack shook his head. “You’re not dead yet. We’re making a new baseline for balance, and once it’s set in motion, Amara and I…”
He sighed and set his laptop aside. It wasn’t just Cas that Charlie would insist on asking about. It was Feathers, too. She had to know that they were still collaborating, talking nearly every night at the very least, and writing together more often than not. Feathers had already made a couple of tumblr posts referencing conversations they’d had, without giving any spoilers of what they’re both writing, but making it perfectly clear that they were effectively writing partners now. The more Dean thought about it, the more surprised he felt that Charlie hadn’t poked at him sooner to ask what was going on between them.
“I think your assessment of our inability to make sound judgments last night was validated,” Cas said, still not looking at Dean.
Sam blinks at him for a second and then takes the last few steps up to the desk and huffs out a laugh. “I hadn’t even thought of that. I could’ve been roadkill.”
Been there, done that, got a really awful t-shirt. I’ll meet my artist when I meet them, you know? And I don’t really want to know if I was claimed early or late or somewhere in the middle. If I’m not around to see the drama, it’s like it never happened.
Dean nods at Cas. To Cas’s dismay, Dean keeps his hands clasped behind his back, and it’s impossible for him to get a better look at his tattoos.
He stands up and draws Dean into another kiss, being careful not to bump his new tattoo as he pulls Dean into a hug and rests his face in the crook of Dean’s neck.
“What, like… angel stuff? It’s not gonna burn my eyes out or anything, right?” It hadn’t even occurred to him before that, but the last psychic he knew of who pushed directly into Cas telepathically had suffered that exact fate.
“Look at our lives, Dean,” Sam replied. “Just walking through our front door is technically paranormal shit. We live in paranormal shit central, and we’ve got work to do. But it can wait until after breakfast, at least.”
Sam’s eyes widened in horror. He shook his head furiously to stop Ed from elaborating on the fanfic. He had enough to deal with in his real life without knowing the gory details of what their fans fantasized about them. “Nope.”
sensitive equipment packed up safely.” He gestured over at his little hibachi, the coals at the bottom still smoldering and sending up a steady stream of smoke. “Can’t just toss that in the back seat like that.”
“Should I ask how you know that, or is it part of the long story?” Ed said, looking at each of them uncertainly. When no one seemed eager to answer, he sat back in his chair. “Okay then. Later. Those books were apparently not as detailed as they’d lead you to believe.”
“Did you forget how to send a text?” Dean asked, pulling out his phone and sending Cas an eye-rolling emoji.
“We eventually landed at a school with a guidance counselor who gave a shit. It changed everything. She helped me work up the nerve to tell my dad that we needed to stay put, at least until Sammy graduated and could earn himself a college scholarship. I didn’t think I’d make it to college, but I wanted him to have a shot, at least.”
Dean made himself a grilled cheese sandwich and slumped down on the sofa with a beer. He maybe had one more option, and with that thought he opened his laptop and logged into Discord. If Charlie wasn’t busy, or wasn’t the type to obsessively watch claims unfold, then she might appreciate the free walking beer buffet. He went straight to her dm’s without even glancing at the Pinefest boards.
She rolls her eyes at him and heads back to finish the inventory she’d been working on before Dean let her take the customer. Dean smiles at her back as she walks away, knowing the bewildering giddiness she’s probably feeling at that moment and equally proud of the work ethic she’s been showing. He’s still grinning like an idiot when Donna strips off her gloves and asks her client to give her just a minute before standing up and pulling Claire into a hug.
Dean’s eyebrows pinched together and he shook his head. “No, of course not. I’m just trying to picture you driving a pimpmobile.”
Billie frowns at that, but it’s Pamela who asks, “Do you think she’d be willing to come forward about it now?”
. Dean had given him a second chance to take that brewery tour with him, and he’d seemed entirely disappointed at being turned down. Cas had fully intended on spending the day with Impala, though. He supposed he shouldn’t have assumed the man would want to spend the day typing nervous missives back and forth when he had a real friend in real life that he could spend time with instead.
And Sam could just see him pulling himself together now that he had a mission. He watched Dean build up a mental wall and just… shoved everything else down, exactly the way he’d always told Sam he did, but now he could see the process was horrifyingly, deliberately literal. He heard Dean plan to saunter back to their table like nothing was wrong, give Cas a hearty pat on the shoulder and a few bolstering words, the way he always had in the past. And Sam just couldn’t let him get away with that, not when he’d seen the whole, heartbreaking truth. Before Dean could walk past him to the door, Sam reached out and grabbed him by the shoulder.
Lindsey had been a bartender who’d unwittingly spent a few weeks hanging out with Sam Winchester when he ran away from the apocalypse. Sam had been brooding and mysterious when they’d met, but she’d thought of him as a puzzle to solve while the man she’d initially known as Keith had worked behind her bar. When his not so friendly friends had shown up yelling about demons and the apocalypse, pouring what they claimed was demon blood down his throat and demanding he help them get revenge for their friend’s death, Sam had saved her and then disappeared from her life entirely. Suddenly she had an entirely new set of questions, and a far bigger mystery to solve.
Sam shook her hand and pulled out his badge. “We’re with the CDC, here to follow up about the water testing you ordered a few weeks ago.”
“Good,” Dean said on a sigh, finally opening his eyes and raising his gaze back to Cas. “That’s good.”
Cas recognized Gilda’s laugh before Charlie panned the camera over to catch her biting her lip and gazing fondly at Charlie. She then turned the camera around completely to show an old red convertible parked by the roadside, and Dean chatting animatedly with the car’s owner. It was hard to make out what they were saying, and Cas had to watch it several times with the volume turned all the way up to be sure of what he heard.
Cas considered the choice carefully while they drank their coffee. “The sofa is farther from Sam. Perhaps we’d be less of a disturbance to his sleep there.”
“And, uh…” Dean said, his arms still around Cas’s shoulders as he looked directly into his eyes. “What if I wanted something else? Something I thought we had here when I thought you were just part of the dream?”
Dean knew his mouth was hanging open. He felt his heart pounding in his chest as everything began to make sense. “Wait, you were sleeping in my bed?”
“We should fulfill the purpose of the bath first, don’t you agree?” Cas replied, opening one eye enough to reach out and pick up the shampoo.
Dean’s summary seemed to satisfy Ed, and he finally stepped out from behind the van so everyone could get a good look at him. He was dressed like a real hunter for once. The hipster filmmaker wannabe look had been replaced with heavy hiking boots, jeans, and a battered but sturdy canvas jacket. He shifted his backpack and gave them all a once-over before glancing up the hill at the imposing building standing dark and looming above them.
Dean snorted and nearly dropped one of his bags, but held on with a mighty effort as it slid down to the tip of his fingers. “Where’s the fun in that?” he asked, as they reached their floor and shuffled out before the doors could shut on them.
“Okay, then. If I don’t see you again today, you can start boring me to death over lunch tomorrow. Deal?”
Dean snorted, lazily continuing to work his fingers through Cas’s soapy hair and losing all track of time. Eventually Cas groaned, slid down his chest to rinse his hair again, and then resurfaced to smile at Dean as he grabbed the soap. He rolled the bar between his hands until he’d worked up a lather, and then handed it to Dean to do the same. Instead of scrubbing at his own skin, Cas reached out and ran his soapy hands over Dean’s neck and shoulders. The movement caught him off guard, and the bar of soap squeezed out of Dean’s hands and dropped to the bottom of the tub.
He’s only half paying attention to the next turn Gabriel makes down a quiet residential street just a few blocks past Dean’s shop. When Gabriel pulls up outside a modest bungalow, Cas can hardly believe this is where Gabriel lives. Gabriel gets out of the car, though, and walks toward the front door like he owns the place. He turns back when he realizes Cas is still sitting in the car.
“Ooh, is that why you asked me to bring this over?” she said, holding up the directory for Dean to see. “A lead is more than I got today,” Donna replied, hanging up the towel to dry. “Alex and Chrissy apparently got stuck on rotation with us, and neither is happy about the weekly shift changes. But neither of them had any idea why the hospital would make such a boneheaded call.”
“Pffft,” Charlie replied. “I’ll get you stuff the FBI wished it could find. I’ll send you anything interesting I come across in my quest.”
Cas nods, his nose bumping against Dean’s as he does. “You’re probably right. I don’t think we should be committing health code violations in your shop, at any rate.”
“I take it you two are the other new residents,” Dean said by way of greeting. When the brunette nodded and stood up straighter, dropping her pen into her coat pocket, Dean smiled and extended a hand. “Dean Winchester. And this is Cas Novak.” He shook the women’s hands in turn, waving his other hand at Cas.
“Shorty didn’t unpack all your shit and hang it all up neat and organized for you, you know,” Gabriel says. The harsh sentiment is softened by Gabriel’s accompanying look of doe-eyed sympathy. “Most of your stuff’s crammed in boxes and stacked up in my office. It’s all marked, but, uh… it’s probably gonna take you most of the weekend to sort through it all.”
“Yeah, well, I think I can be a grownup about it. Write first, then read.” Dean said, and saw a flicker of something he wasn’t sure was amusement or shock on Cas’s face at that offhand comment. “Thanks, man. I’ll let you know if there’s any other books I need, but this should be enough to get started with.”
“Is this bring your daughter to work day?” Dean asks as he strolls through the shop and unlocks the front door. “Did I miss that memo?”
“I couldn’t have done it without Amara, too. She’s in here with me,” he said, touching his chest. “We have a partnership, and all the power of the universe is in balance because of it.”
“I can’t imagine how any of these people could possibly profit from stirring up chaos in the emergency department,” Donna said, shaking her head at the list of unfamiliar names. She stuck her hand out to stop Dean scrolling. “Wait, he droned on at the orientation meeting, remember?”
It was Cas’s turn to lay a reassuring hand on Dean’s shoulder. They exchanged a long look before Ed picked up his story yet again.
Dean snorted and opened the tube of antibiotic cream. Even the worst of the scrapes wasn’t too bad, but even surface abrasions could be a bitch. Cas had been wearing a heavy canvas jacket, but he’d taken a few tumbles and landed on his back at least twice that Dean had seen. Who knew that wrestling a duck in a graveyard could be so traumatic? He gently applied a thin layer of the soothing ointment and Cas slowly relaxed his muscles by degrees beneath Dean’s fingertips, and the relief was evident to Dean in Cas’s reflection in the mirror.
Sam glances over at the clock, his eyes bugging out when he registers the time. “Shit, I needed to be out of here five minutes ago.” He grabs up his backpack and hurries out of the kitchen.
“We visited Purgatory, Hell, and Heaven and set everything to rights there. Scrubbed out Chuck’s power grids and tore down all the walls. We gave everyone choices, and… and we brought a few people back with us.”
Before Dean could say anything, Sam let him go and stormed out of the bathroom, through the diner, and out to the parking lot. The air outside was a hell of a lot easier to breathe, especially now that Dean was actually thoughtfully considering what Sam may have picked out of Cas’s head to make him react like that. Maybe he could teach a couple of old dogs some new tricks. He pulled out his phone and called Rowena as he walked to the Impala. She answered just as he opened the door to the car and sat down.
“Dean, right,” Cas says, nodding as he backs away from the foot of the bed, nearly stumbling over a crash cart. He catches Sam’s smirk as he goes back to filling out his paperwork, but at least he knows he’d heard the man’s name right. “I’ll, uh… You fill that out and I’ll be back to examine your shoulder in a few minutes.” Then he turns and hurries out of the curtained-off room, earning a smirk from the nurse who’d obviously overheard their entire conversation. He narrows his eyes at her, and she snorts as she goes back to her work.
“I take it things aren’t going well?” Dean asks, not wanting to pry into Cas’s business, but still feeling a strange twinge of concern for him.
Dean reached out for him, sliding a hand around his waist. “You wanna hear something strange? This whole last month, I felt like I was cheating on you. With you.”
Cas nodded solemnly as Sam stood there blushing and flustered. “I appreciate the sentiment, Sam. But I can assure you that Dean is entirely aware of my feelings for him, and has been for some time now.”
He carefully lifted the elastic over Cas’s cock, feeling Cas shudder again as he slid his jeans all the way down to the floor. Cas put his hands on Dean’s shoulders to balance himself, and Dean grabbed him by the hips to stop Cas from trying to step out of his jeans. He wanted Cas right where he was. He tore his gaze from admiring Cas’s rapidly hardening cock to glance up at him and lick his lips. Ever so slowly, Dean leaned forward and took a taste of Cas.
“Morning, sunshine,” he rumbles out, drawing a sigh from Cas as he leans in for a kiss. Dean breaks away only long enough to check the clock. “We still got four hours before you need to be anywhere, but I gotta go down and open the shop in three. How are we gonna fill all that time?” he asks, with a firm roll of his hips.
Everything had gone downhill after that. There was no way in hell Dean could bring himself to give Cas lessons on how to flirt with random strangers. Once upon a time, yeah, he’d tried to foist Cas off on a hooker, but that had been a decade ago. The very thought of it made him queasy now. He knew he’d never push his own feelings onto Cas, and he wouldn’t stand in the way of Cas’s happiness, but he’d leave any and all dating advice to Sam. He really didn’t want to be in the room when Cas employed said dating advice.
Dean gave him a look of exaggerated hurt and clutched his chest. “Is that all I am to you, Cas? An appointment?”
“And then you met me, and one of the first things I told you about myself is that I’ve spent the better part of a decade wanting to get angel wings tattooed across my back. I’d never told anyone that, either. We do seem strangely capable of bringing this sort of thing out in one another.”
“Yeah, that was our neighbor’s dog when we were kids. Dad wouldn’t let us have one, so Sam sort of adopted him as his own. Took him for walks, gave him more attention than his owners did, until we had to move. Broke the kid’s heart. Had a longer goodbye with the damn dog than he did with any of the other kids in the neighborhood.”
“I did. I know what it meant, too, because of you. I never understood until you yelled it in my face in a last desperate attempt to win me over to the cause of saving humanity. I defied everything I’d ever believed in, all those billions of years, because you convinced me that some things are worth suffering for.”
“That’s where my family is, yes, but I went to Hopkins,” Cas replied, making a show of reading the signs at a hallway intersection as if he’d suddenly found himself in a place he didn’t recognize after confidently guiding Dean to that point like someone who’d been walking those halls for years.
Gabriel isn’t home yet, so Cas takes a moment to enjoy the peaceful solitude he hasn’t really felt in more than a decade. Between living in college dorms, crowded student housing, and then at Nick’s, only escaping to sit in lecture halls, libraries and hospital emergency rooms, the serenity of Gabe’s little cottage is exceptionally refreshing. At least, it feels that way until he spies the first of his boxes stacked up in the hallway near his room.
anymore, but I wouldn’t attempt it under any circumstances. The risk isn't worth it. I do trust you. I just need to know that you won’t share anything you might see with your brother under any circumstances.” He glanced back toward the bathrooms where Dean still hadn’t emerged yet. “Our relationship is far to important to me to put it at risk for any reason. Do you understand?”
The next three hours bring him more of the same. A case of the sniffles, a fractured wrist, a few odd wounds to suture, and a head injury he can pass off to the neurologist on call. Through it all, his headache simmers right alongside the continuous replay of the morning’s disastrous surgery.
Dean blinked at him and let his breath out in a rush, with the last bit of air tapering off into a giddy laugh. Cas frowned for a second, clearly thinking Dean was rejecting the idea, and took a half step back.
Cas laughed and held up his hands waiting for Dean to toss the ball. The four of them passed it around, talking and laughing over mundane nonsense, but never getting so wrapped up in the game they forgot why they were there in the first place. A truck drove by just as Sam was supposed to be tossing the ball to Dean, and he threw it so far over Dean’s head that Cas ended up running nearly out to the road to catch it, which he did rather spectacularly. It gave everyone an excellent excuse to watch the truck trundle past without looking like they’d been waiting for it. To their dismay, the driver didn’t even bother to notice Cas’s impressive catch and kept right on down the road without a hint of stopping.
“Pamela called us last night and gave us the heads up. She said you were gonna be out of the shop for a while this morning, and to try not to be too upset about the fact you forgot to let us know. She seemed to think you were busy last night, and that it would likely slip your mind, for a very good reason.”
Dean picked up two cans of coffee and tossed one into Cas’s cart. He swept one hand forward down the aisle, in an
Cas pastes on a smile as he glances up at Nick and swipes his hospital ID to pay for his lunch. He’s mildly gratified by the look of stunned confusion Nick wears, but he doesn’t stick around to invite further questions. There’s nothing wrong with hiding in the employee lounge to scarf down his food, and Nick wouldn’t be caught dead slumming it there-- not even to wring a few more answers out of Cas.
Celia laughs, and Dean grins over at him before picking up his tattoo machine and getting back to work. Over the next hour, Cas doesn’t even think about his own problems, carried away on the easy conversation and completely mesmerized watching Dean work. He can’t help but feel at home.
"Don't thank me just yet." Sam smiled back. " I told Garth to keep her out of the killing ranks and keep her out of trouble."
"You've had more experience with him than I have." Aziraphale sighed. " Do you know of any weaknesses he might have, perhaps?"
She bit her lip and turned back to face the wall. "It's not your fault either you know." She said, after a few minutes.
“Okay! Alright! I'm goin! Jeez!” Dean said stepping out of the car. Even though he hated to admit it to himself, and even though Crowley was starting to touch on some seriously sensitive territory, he was actually kinda starting to really like the guy. He had a similar attitude to Dean's own, he obviously appreciated good cars and their music tastes weren't too far from each other either. It was easy to forget he was a demon. Hell, in another life, they probably could've been friends. As they walked into the bookshop, he actually felt a pang of pity for the guy. Leave it to God to kick a decent person out of Heaven.
"And why not?" Aziraphale demanded, high on endorphins, as he placed the box of souls down on the table.
"Well what crawled up your butt today?" Jody asked., Placing herself in front of Sam in a protective, motherly manner. "You know as well as everyone else that, if those two aren't willing to work together, things are going to get dicey."
"My skills have improved over the past year or so." Patience admitted. "Ever since I opened myself up to them, they've been getting stronger. I'm nowhere near where my grandmother was at my age, but yeah, I can kinda read thoughts now. Mostly just the unconscious ones, but all of yours are pretty loud." She smirked.
His eyes tracked upwards from the large, dull, black boots covered by the cuff of wrinkled suit pants, to the ends of the tattered, tan coat. He followed that trail all the way to the backwards blue tie sitting over the loose, white dress shirt when a flash of black off to the side of the broad chest caught his eye. His gaze immediately shot upward to the expansive mass of feathers, the color of an oil spill glistening in the sunlight, trickled down from wings expanding at least twenty feet out, over a mussy brown tuft of hair. He finally let himself gaze upon the face of the angel standing tall amongst the rubble and felt his heart stop.
“It was my fault that the entity was even awake to begin with. It's my fault that's Heaven's defenses were low enough for it to be able to get in.” Cas was stalling. Never a good sign.
"Oh yeah?" Dean said, pulling his arm out of the angel's grip. "Where? In case you haven't noticed, Cas, we ain't exactly standing in the middle of Disney Land here. It ain't safe."
"Still not my dad, Cas." She smiled before shaking herself out and standing up. "Speaking of, I better go make sure those little tyrants haven't killed each other. I'll catch you two on the flip side." She shot them a peace sign as she left the room, shutting the door gently behind her.
"I'm peachy." Dean snarked. " Nothing like having to attend my mother's funeral. Twice." He felt Cas tense beneath his fingers at the mention of Mary, but kept his gaze locked on her. It was still something they hadn't fully discussed yet, but now wasn't the time.
“I’m afraid nobody is okay when he drives.” Aziraphale smiled back. “You shouldn't let him get to you, Dean. I promise, he means no harm. He's just a little...”
“Wait...huh?” Dean was totally confused. This guy made absolutely no sense. It was like talking to a damn maze. All twists and turns with no way out.
