But, he had signed the amended Accords. Mostly for Bucky, because he’d known that Bucky was itching to come home, and to start working for the right side, the side that he chose, after decades of being under someone else’s control. Steve knew that the guilt still gnawed at him and would continue to do so. That the nightmares wouldn’t stop their brutal forthcomings until Bucky could finally write off his conscience.
“Oh, hey Brucie bear. Are we still going up to see the showers later?” Tony asks as Bruce moves hesitantly to retrieve his coffee.
That too, was apparently in vain. His father pays him no attention, or more likely, has heard Peter and is opting not to indulge in his antics. Peter pouts at the solid line of his dad’s back when he stands up with a hefty stack of books in both arms and makes his way over to where Peter is sitting.
“You know what, Wilson,” Steve muttered, sitting up carefully so he didn’t dislodge Dodger, who had started to perk up at the sudden flurry of activity happening around him.
Steve looked up from the book, his eyes finding Tony’s.
“No, I think you mean that’s what he said,” Steve suggests, sliding off the arm of the suit and landing on the ground, just barely avoiding being squished into a Cap pancake by a gigantic hovering boot.
Bucky scoffs, shaking his head before reaching past Steve to place a package of macaroni into the pantry. “How do I know? The question you should be asking is who doesn’t know, Steve,” he says, casting a quick glance at Peter. “At least, everyone in this town knows it’s you. And I could recognize your voice anywhere, Steve, who do you take me for?”
“Are you Tony Stark?” Peter asks, his voice as quiet as a mouse. He eyes the armour with guarded excitement, half of him probably shocked at seeing Iron Man and the other half perhaps wondering whether this is the same man who had written his father.
“No.”
Steve read The Hobbit to him on the evening of day 197. Tony’s eyes weighed heavy with exhaustion, but he still watched Steve as he did each hobbit’s voice differently and chuckled to himself when something particularly funny happened.
Steve nodded, looking away from Tony as if he was embarrassed. “It wasn’t really like that with Bucky. When I went into the ice, I’d only lost him the day before. And when I woke up here….there were photographs and those reels from the war. Then we found him so soon.”
“If by refined you mean senior citizens, then yes, your taste in men is indeed very refined,” Steve said with a wide grin, finally managing to press play and lifting up to join Tony on the couch. Tony obediently lifted one corner of the blanket so Steve could slide inside, his eyes fixed on the screen as the main menu popped up with the familiar opening of Hans Zimmer’s extraordinary soundtrack.
His first thought was: how the fuck is she dancing in those heels? They looked like two bodies, hard to separate from each other as they seemingly moved as one weird, mutant person accidentally manufactured in a lab with four arms and four feet, two of which were in high heels. Heels which barely touched the floor before they picked up again as the beautiful redheaded woman spun ‘round and ‘round, like in the impossible way of the Tazmanian Devil on the Looney Tunes Show, except far less hilarious and a lot more jaw-dropping.
Hoping that Stark wouldn’t have too much need for the odd machine, Thor smashes it with Mjolnir a few more times just for good measure, and then promptly turns to go back to bed. His pleasant mood had admittedly been ruined by the object of insanity, but he would go to sleep and start the new day as a clean slate.
Tony purses his lips, a trembling hand settling over the dim blue glow of the arc reactor set into the hold carved that had been carved into his chest. “I have to stop him.”
He spends the next thirty minutes going from calm deep breathing and trying to hack his way into the system, to banging loudly on the door, first asking Jarvis politely to let him in, to yelling at Tony or anybody to open the door.
“Hey, babe, they didn’t have any Hawaiian ‘cause they were about to close, but I got pepperoni with pineapple, because I know how much of a heathen you are,” Steve says as he makes his way closer. “What’s that?” he asks, catching sight of all the stuff Tony’s pulled out of the box.
Tony turns to ask the blonde boy who’s sitting at the desk next to him. His name card is already peeling off his shirt and Tony thinks he can make out some of his name. S….T...E…. He can’t see the rest. Tony hopes his name is Stella, because Jarvis had read him a story about a bat named Stellaluna and he thinks it’s the best name that he’s ever heard. His Dad would probably say that boys can’t be named Stella because it’s a girl's name, but Tony thinks anyone can have a pretty name.
“Okay, that’s fair. But you’re in over your head, Steve,” Bucky pointed out, smiling at Sam in thanks and moving the remaining boxes with the pizza still remaining inside of them into the fridge. “You gotta admit, this ain’t exactly healthy. You need to move on.”
“He’s fine. He’s just resting,” Steve insisted, his voice muffled into the couch where he had his face smushed into the upholstery. He lifted a hand to rub at Dodger’s warm flank and heard the soft jingling of his collar as he moved his head closer to Steve.
“Has the toaster personally slighted you somehow, Cap?”
(It was day 174.)
Tony chuckles wetly, watching the way Steve’s very blue eyes caught the shine of the Christmas lights they’d strung up as soon as they’d arrived in the morning even though it was the middle of July, because they could. This was their home now.
“Uh, actually, Dodger’s with Jack,” Steve supplied, probably unhelpfully based on the withering look that Tony sent his way. “Also, that wouldn’t be great for him. He’s got stomach problems.”
He felt like him and his parents and the elderly couple he’d bumped into and Mr. Stone, they were all like the undead. Kind of moaning and groaning around the streets with their grey and blistering arms stretched out in front of them. The dancers though—they looked like people. They looked like every prince that Tony had dreamed about marrying from his books and the princesses they’d dance with at the spectacular balls, where no one else mattered. Tony desperately wanted to be like that. He wanted to live like that.
“So what are you saying? It’s a trick of some sort?” Steve asked, his forehead crinkling in that way it did whenever he was confused about something and was annoyed about it. Tony swallowed and looked down at his food to avoid reaching over the table and smoothing out the wrinkled skin.
Steve shrugged, clutching the bag of dog food closer to his chest defensively. “He still has it.” Bucky and Sam both turned to look at him incredulously.
“Excuse me, please?” Tony says, after a few minutes of working up the courage to talk to him. The boy turns to him with a slight frown, and Tony suddenly wishes he hadn’t said anything at all because he’s probably bothering him like he bothers his Dad when he plays too loudly.
There was a chorus of dry chuckles, some “goodnight’s” haphazardly muttered as they shuffled out of their chairs and filed off to their respective rooms. Tony caught Wilson following Barnes out of the room and his eyebrows shot up of their own will. And when had that happened, he thought to himself incredulously. Nat patted him on the shoulder and kissed Steve on the cheek, murmuring something to him, quiet enough that Tony wasn’t able to pick it up.
Tony’s faceplate shifted up, revealing his amused expression underneath. “Gonna check under the bed for monsters, Cap?”
He frowns, pushing his glasses up onto his nose with his pinky finger, and trying again, only to receive the exact same response.
“No, well, I don’t know. You know how my dad’s kinda famous now, because of the radio lady?” At MJ’s nod of confirmation, Peter explains further. “Well, we’ve been getting a lot of letters from people who want to marry my dad, right? But there’s this one that I read, and I’ve read all of them. This one though, the guy, Tony, talked about the Dodgers, which me and Dad also love. He wants to meet us at the Empire State building at sunset, MJ,” Peter says, his voice lifting at the end of his sentence.
“Hey, you eat anything? They forgot to feed us,” Tony said, pushing his chair back and getting up from the table, running his hands through Steve’s hair out of habit as he goes. Steve went stiff underneath him and Tony jerked his hand away like he’d touched a flame. Steve’s head shot up, his bleary eyes tinged with a hint of desperation as he turned to look at Tony.
Steve looks really happy to hear this. He puts his crayon down and picks up Tony’s hand, suddenly looking shy. “You’re really cool, Tony. Do you wanna be friends?”
That was worrisome on its own, considering the limited breadth of information that they had been given for this mission that was operating on another scale entirely. Steve had worked missions for SHIELD with far less information in the past, but they usually hadn’t been as perturbing as this one was turning out to be. He knew that Tony and Bruce had probably stayed up long after the rest of them had gone to bed last night, trying to decipher as much as they can from the very little scientific data that SHIELD had gotten ahold of before they’d lost contact with both teams of agents, but he wasn’t sure how much they would’ve been able to get out of the very tiny fraction of information that they had out of the much larger picture they hadn’t even managed to grasp.
U knocked a glass over.
“I can help with those,” Tony suggested, reaching forward to lift one of the watermelons trying desperately to abide by the rules of gravity into his own arms. He watched with his lips quirked up as Bucky contemplated him with the watermelon cradled in his arms, jutting his chin out in the direction of the house and turning back around.
“My dad thinks it’s ridiculous to go all the way to New York to meet a stranger,” Peter laments, fingering the corner of his cards anxiously.
“Also, the frequency and strength of energy that’s being emitted isn’t like any source that we’ve seen on Earth, my tech included,” Tony added with a smirk. “This right here, that’s alien tech. But we already knew that. Sort of.”
“Yeah, you definitely had this covered,” he nods emphatically, an amused smile tugging at his lips. “How’d you manage that anyway?” Steve asks, his curiosity finally getting the better of him as he fails at trying to figure out how Stark might’ve gotten out.
Tony slept through day 142 and 143. Then 144 and 145 as well. His body reset itself with the coming of each dawn. He felt no hunger or thirst. His muscles didn’t become sore and atrophied. His bladder never prodded him awake with the need to empty. Tony felt everything and also nothing at once.
All of it was proof enough that someone had prepared for the two of them specifically to be trapped in here. During one of his more delirious existential dread ignoring tinkering sessions where he’d relegated the bed to Steve for the night, Tony had found himself giggling at the thought of some alien playing matchmaker as the thought of Steve sleeping in the room with the condoms and lube popped into his mind unprompted.
Day 163, and the coffee was taken away.
“What if you went by yourself? And then your dad has to come looking for you, right? So, you could get to the Empire State and your dad will come find you and he’ll meet Tony,” MJ suggests tentatively.
. “You majoring in English?” Ty asked derisively, as if English was a worse major than fucking
It’s more bearable that way, and Tony doesn’t find himself thinking about what came before.
Bucky sighed, sharing a look with Sam. Steve put his head back down, closing his eyes for just a second. They had a Look now. Steve knew that SHIELD had finally agreed to let Bucky work missions, after his extensive psychological reprogramming in Wakanda courtesy of Shuri, and the stint with the BARF tech that Tony had let them use. While Steve had been on a SHIELD ordered sabbatical of sorts, the others had been running missions for the whole month after they’d been allowed back on American soil. While Steve had spent his month off mostly moping and spending time with the dog Natasha had got him “for the depression,” Bucky and Sam had been running missions together week after week. Steve wasn’t entirely convinced that they couldn’t somehow read each other's minds. For two people who could barely stand each other less than a year ago, they worked better together on the field than any other pair Steve had seen.
Tony nodded slowly, unable to look away from Steve Rogers and the way his biceps flexed every time he spun the redhead out from his chest and then brought her closer to him with one swift movement again. “They look great together,” Tony murmured, not really meaning for Bucky to hear him over the steady bass of the music.
“You say that now, but wait ‘till we close that portal and we’re back at SHIELD for the godawful debrief.” Not to mention the clean-up and the following onslaught of press that most of them will have to encounter. Steve hadn’t really put much thought any of the stuff that came after the explosions and all the punching when he’d signed up for the job, but he’s come to regret it immensely.
The sight that awaits them is not one that Steve was expecting in the slightest. At the centre of the empty room, Tony Stark sits on a wooden chair, handcuff dangling off one wrist as he looks up at them in surprise. Five men of very large stature are writhing on the ground before him, their limbs tied up in very innovative positions.
“You been moping up here all day then?” Bucky asked with a nod in Steve’s direction, his cheeks bulging with food. Ah, there it was. The topic of conversation that Steve had thought he’d managed to evade when his saviour, the pizza delivery guy, had arrived at the door bearing his distraction. Unfortunately, his two closest friends were also probably in love with each other, meaning that Steve would never not get the third degree about anything ever again.
“Talk about what, Steve? Didn’t we already hash out your non-apology in that letter of yours?” Tony asked tiredly. This was the last thing he wanted to be doing. He had thought that avoiding Steve when he and the other Avengers who hadn’t signed the Accords had returned to the States, would work out just fine.
“Sorry, Stevie. I can make you more?” Bucky offered, but Steve declined with his lips quirked. He cut into his pancakes, taking in the utter chaos of the scene around him. Tony had given up on the omelettes and was heading back to the table with the original omelette that was black where it was definitely not supposed to be black. Steve almost wanted to get up and make another omelette for him. It looked that bad.
Steve frowns for a second as he tries to figure out what exactly Thor just said. “Do you mean s’mores?”
Bucky shrugged, following his gaze to the dance floor. “I dunno. Kids are doing it in their basements these days,” he said, his voice a little distracted as he looked out into the crowd, evidently searching for someone. He suddenly began to grin, waving wildly at whoever he’d been looking for.
The stores had been locked, providing some insight for the lack of lootings, but they’d all been certain that the locked storefronts did little to guarantee that the residents of this town had left voluntarily. Everything within the stores and businesses seemed to remain as they would have been regularly, minus the eerie lack of customers and workers inside. The lights were off in every building, and everything within, from furniture in a coffee shop to the drugs within a pharmacy, had all been left completely untouched.
“I’ll stick to the pancakes,” Steve replied dryly, finally moving towards the table where Natasha had already pulled out the chair next to hers for him. He sat down as Sam pushed a plate already filled with various breakfast items towards him. Bucky waved the now empty coffee pot at him apologetically.
“This better be one of your stupid jokes that no one understands, because I placed them on your desk this morning with a note saying Fury wanted them in by tonight,” Natasha is saying, her voice steadily growing more and more steely, although it hadn’t increased in volume.
His and Steve’s apartment. They had an apartment. Together.
Suddenly, a flashing tiny red light from a corner of the room catches his attention. With a small grin of triumph, Thor slowly edges closer towards the general location of the mysterious object.
“We’re here for you man,” Sam added with a firm nod that left no argument. “All of us are.”
He swallows back a yawn, thinking to himself that he’ll catch the meteor shower on a pre-recorded livestream somewhere come morning. Bruce closes the last metal case, the latch falling shut with a firm click. He stands up, rubbing his cold hands together and absently walks towards the door.
As soon as he spots them, he points an accusatory finger at Tony. “You locked Hulk out here!”
“You got it,” Tony nods as Bruce makes his way out of the kitchen. “I’ve got some unfinished business with this one though, so--”
Bruce knows that Tony can be a handful at times, and that some of his teammates had found it difficult to work with a man who simply did not know how to ‘team’. But Tony always strived to do his best, even on his own, and especially for those he cared about, and Bruce would always be grateful to him for that.
Upon later investigation of said gold-fringed invite buried under works of art from small people (“Pep, you don’t understand, these should seriously be put up in a gallery or something!”) was a charity benefit for the children’s hospital. Tony knew he would have felt like dog shit, and been the equivalent of actual dog shit if he had declined the invite, but he was beginning to feel a certain kinship to dog shit anyway.
A light was flicked on, and Steve nearly whirled around, his shield aloft. Tony had backed away a few steps, his gauntleted arms held up as he pointed to the light switch on the wall to Steve’s right.
The next morning, Tony finds himself stuck in three back to back meetings that his ever-so frighteningly competent assistant forces him to attend. He nearly falls asleep during two and a half of them, but by some godly miracle, Pepper glares at him enough to keep him awake for the duration of all of them. Why do all of these stuffy old men think that grey-scale graphs would be the way to win them over? Would it really pain them to add just a splash of colour for the benefit of their long-suffering boss?
Steve grimaced as bits of potato went careening out of Tony’s mouth as he spoke. “Let’s hear it then.”
“Actually, I’ve gotta excuse myself. I’m in charge of the games tonight,” Ty explained, making to leave, before turning to look at Tony again. “Would you like to help me get things set up?”
Steve nearly drops the whole turkey he’s got cradled in his arms. “What?”
Tony squinted at the cover, his eyes widening at the sight of Matthew McConaughey ensconced in a white spacesuit with the backdrop of a purple-ish galaxy.
“Okay, I feel like that was a lot of information and I’m having trouble processing—” Sam shook his head as if clearing it of the rapid influx of stuff and shot an incredulous look at Steve, who was having a hard time understanding himself.
“Widow, what’s your status?” Steve muttered through pants, watching as Tony aimed two of his shoulder missiles at the windows. “Widow, do you copy? Falcon? Buck? Is anyone there?”
“Hey, Pep, I was just working on these,” Tony waffles, grabbing for a pen and ending up grabbing a decorative twig instead (why??). “By the way, have I mentioned you look stunning today? Because you do. Of course you do, you always look stunning. Also, are those new Jimmy Choos, because I’ve never seen them before and you could definitely kill a man with those heels if you wanted to,” Tony says, leaning back in his office chair as far as he could go as Pepper nears his desk and doesn’t show any sign of slowing down.
Thor climbs into bed, carefully arranging the soft duvet cover over himself before he leans over to retrieve his cellular device from the nightstand. He clumsily fiddles with it, his big thumbs still getting used to working the tiny yet incredible device, until the screen unlocks, revealing the background consisting of Jane’s beautiful features that he had set with the great help of Natasha.
“Cap, we’re just as baffled as you are,” Widow speaks to him calmly from the other end. “Tony Stark was last seen in a cab possibly heading to Stark Tower for a Board Members meeting, according to Pepper Potts, his personal assistant, but he never arrived there. He plotted his destination via his AI, JARVIS, but all communications and tracking systems that we tried have failed. We’re thinking this is the work of one of his rival tech companies, namely Hammer Tech, who has engaged in violence against Stark in the past.”
Steve looked up from his fumbling with the remote with a familiar crooked half-smile that Tony definitely did not look at. Instead, he fixed his eyes on Steve’s perfect, almost Grecian in form nose, and willed away the flush that was steadily rising up his neck.
“C—ap—this is—W—dow. D’you—c—”
Clint watches her go with a smirk, crossing the room to flop down onto his bed as she turns the corner.
Tony looks unsure, but apparently the thought of Steve waiting for him downstairs was too enticing as he thanks Bruce profusely, assuring him that he can do whatever he wanted with the Tony Telescopes as he’d dubbed them,  and makes haste for the door leading to the elevator.
“We haven’t lost them yet, Steve,” Tony reassured him, though his words sounded hollow even to himself. “We don’t know what happened to them. Hell, maybe they’re half out of their minds looking for us.”
“You gonna keep pretending to wait for your car or do you want to hear me out for five seconds?”
Natasha looks up from her search to spare him a single withering glance. “You wouldn’t find anything there.”
“Quit flirting, you two. Figure out how to stop this thing, then we can do the whole kissing in the tree schtick,” Black Widow manages to gets out in between weaving through the giant suit’s legs and wrapping an EMP bomb around it.
“After you, Captain.”
“He thinks you’re having a hard time-- adjusting.” Bucky managed, his metal arm clenching into a fist and unclenching again next to his plate. “Thing I don’t get is the literal brainwashed ex-Hydra assassin gets the greenlight but fuckin’ Captain America doesn’t?”
“This is so not going according to plan. There is no plan anymore. We are very much plan-less,” Tony muttered, as the missiles exploded against the glass of the windows, their impact seemingly muffled by the glass, and doing nothing except shattering into pieces of shrapnel on the floor.
Steve’s face falls, guilt racking through his frame. “We tried to get here as soon as we got word--”
Peter rips open another envelope and according to the tally chart he’s made, this is the thirty-seventh letter of today. He’s expecting another one of the “I can make you happy, I can be the mother/father your child needs, yada yada” ones that Peter is quickly getting tired of. He saves the really good ones to show his dad later, but there aren’t a lot of them that stand out to him….in a good way.
Tony snickered tiredly, picking at a piece of lettuce that had fallen on the table in front of him. “Thor, probably.”
“I’m gonna be an artist when I grow up. My Ma says I can do whatever I wanna do,” Steve says, looking down at his drawing proudly.
Sam frowned at him dubiously, looking at the vast array of food on the table apart from the highly popular pancakes. “There’s also eggs,” he grimaced at the burnt egg that Tony had barely touched. “That are not black.”
The wireless was useless before Tony had taken apart, only receiving two FM stations, one of them playing a continuous stream of Christmas music, and he’d caught three seconds of sports commentary on the other station before Tony had turned it off with a huff. The TV posed a similarly frustrating dilemma, displaying a sea of static that had made Tony’s teeth grind. When they’d connected it to the DVD player, however, it had worked just fine, the familiar 20th Century Fox logo showing up on the screen with the fanfare procession in the background.
“Copy that, Widow,” Steve says, directing his attention to the various superheroes gathered in an ill-arranged circle with their backs around the glowing portal. “Iron Man, take to the skies, I want you on the ones that can fly. Hawkeye, scale that building to the South. Take out as many as you can, keep them inside of the evacuated zone.” The two nod and Iron Man lifts off into the air with the twin sound of his repulsors whining, taking Hawkeye with him.
“When I saw her….when I touched her….it was like….magic….”
“I’ll get him back,” he promises, stalking back towards the elevator without waiting for Widow’s response.
Okay, he was lying. It stung a lot.
He gets a soft snore as his answer. Peter’s fast asleep, his nose still tucked against his toy and his head resting against Steve’s hand. Grinning to himself, Steve swoops down to press a kiss to his son’s forehead before very gingerly lifting his body off the mattress. The bed shifts suspiciously when he gets off and he thrusts both hands out, as if cursing it to stillness. Thankfully, Peter merely stirs in his sleep, but doesn’t awaken.
“What,” he asks, suddenly self-conscious. He reaches up to rub at his face, wondering if he’d gotten some soot on him during the explosion.
“Steve, dude, you need to go talk to that man,” Sam said, placing a firm hand on Steve’s shoulder. “Other than being hounded by Ross and his pruney white-assed cronies every other day, Stark is fine. He is not using that phone for its intended purpose, Steve.”
“Yes. Yes, he is. We can all agree with you on that, man”
It doesn't seem to be a malicious creature. At least, from where Thor is. Yet, there is something very suspicious about it, and he is incredibly frustrated with himself that he cannot seem to pinpoint what exactly that is.
They watch the pair leave in silence, before Tony shrugs and flops back onto the couch, telling JARVIS to resume the movie from the last pause. Thor resumes chewing his mouthful of popcorn, and Bruce just sits back with a long-suffering sigh. Steve untangles himself from Tony, and shuffles off into the kitchen.
A very large, childish part of Tony wanted to run away. Hide under a table or behind Pepper’s skirt like a toddler. He was a baby, he could be excused. Another part of him that sounded suspiciously like Howard told him to cut it out.
The ride over was unusually quiet. All eight of the main Avengers on duty were rarely sent on missions at the same time, but even when there were two or more of them, the Quinjet ride over to their location was usually more lively than this. Tony was murmuring quietly to JARVIS in one corner as he checked over his armour, and Bucky was helping Sam suit up in another. Bruce had an array of holo-screens floating in front of him as he studied them with a frown.
“I dunno,” the boy says, squinting his eyes at the clock like he was making it tell him what time it was. “My Ma said the bell rings at 3 o’clock and then all the parents come and get us.”
As soon as he brought out the bag, Dodger immediately let out an excited yip, closely following at Steve’s heels as he opened the bag and filled up Dodger’s little bowl. Steve hadn’t even taken a step back yet before Dodger lunged forward to devour his lunch. The familiar guilt began to stretch open that endless black chasm inside of him as he watched his dog eat like a man who had been starved.
Tony hated himself just a little bit for this, but he reached over and pulled the hidden drawer despite the mild self-loathing. The burner phone sat there in all its brick-like, appalling flip-y glory, taunting him. It was a goddamn flip phone. He hadn’t seen one in fucking decades, but it was the most Steve thing Steve could have given him. He hated it and he hated himself for keeping it even after all these months. He pulled it out despite the warring voices in his head. Flipped it open.
“My name’s Peter,” he sniffs, laying it on thick.
Steve flushes, stepping away from Stark as if he was standing next to a ticking time bomb reading to go off any second. Stark doesn’t seem to be very bothered by this or the Wasp’s subtle insinuation if his wide grin is to say anything, but Steve catches him gazing at him thoughtfully as they exit the warehouse and board the waiting Helicarrier.
“He doesn’t want to talk to me, though. Said he’s not ready, which I need to respect,” Steve argued, watching Sam rinse his plate, tuck it into the dishwasher and then turn around to do the same for Bucky’s dirty plate. They had that sort of easiness that Steve found himself envious of and then was annoyed with himself for being envious of them, even though he was also immensely happy that Bucky was finally settling into his life here with people who cared about him as much as Steve did.
“Sam? What’s your location?” Steve barked into the comm, striding up to the front door. “Stay where you are! We’re on our way.” He reached out to pull open the door, hand tugging on the knob.
He looked up at Steve, mouth twisted in an apology he couldn’t quite convey with his words. Tony saw the rising hope behind Steve’s unbelieving stare.
Tony held out his hand, palm facing the ceiling and Steve’s grew wide in realization. He didn’t hesitate in moving forward and placing his hand in Tony’s, pulling him up and off the couch. Steve didn’t let go of his hand as they made it into the bedroom, only letting him go to slip underneath the covers and into bed in the empty space next to Tony’s side.
“Well, shit.”
“You didn’t ask,” Thor shrugged simply, returning to the very last Pop-Tart sitting innocuously on his plate, which he looked at with absolute joy on his face that Steve generally associated with defeating an army of aliens in the middle of New York with five nuts you met two hours ago.
“‘But all night he dreamt of his own house and wandered in his sleep into all his different rooms looking for something that he could not find nor remember what it looked like.’”
He’s closed his eyes for maybe ten seconds when the alarm goes off, signalling an intruder in the tower. Probably another psychotic, evil hell-bent on ruining their one day off. Or maybe Bruce Hulked out for some reason.
The kid seems to hesitate but agrees after another pause. Tony can hear the sound of him running through the house, apparently looking for his father.
“Hello? Delphine, what’s going on? Is everything alright?” Steve asks, his thoughts from earlier completely pushed aside as worry plagues his mind instead.
“The calves should be the weakest areas. There’s a glitch in the coding for the boots as well, and I didn’t manage to fix it until the Mark forty-seven and this guy could not have had access to that.” Iron Man replies.
“The radio, sir. Your most listened to station in the last two weeks, by my records.” Comes JARVIS’ reply. Tony grimaces to himself, thinking back to the last few times he’d been down in the workshop to get some work done. Apparently, he’d been subconsciously tuning into late night radio for loners, and he couldn’t tell if that was worse or better than actively tuning in.
Tony swallowed past the lump that had quickly formed in his throat. Once, twice, and then once again when his chin began to tremble. He shuffled toward Steve, his eyes never leaving Tony’s, and lifted his head to rest it on Steve’s chest, just like he’d done so many nights before. Tony felt more than heard Steve’s breath hitch as he went stiff under him. It was only a moment though, before Steve so very gently brought his arm up around Tony, holding him close.
“I’m sorry, could we go back to the part where you said it took you a week to locate us?” Tony interrupted, his brain nearly short-circuiting at the team’s identical bewildered expressions.
They’d noticed that on day 13. Tony’s meds were already in the medicine cabinet, and Steve’s emergency inhaler was there too despite the fact that he hadn’t had to use it since he’d come out of the ice. Razors, shaving cream, body wash, shampoo, toothpaste, a blue toothbrush and a red one, both sitting in the same translucent cup. The nightstand had lube and condoms, which they’d both wordlessly decided to ignore. Cleaning supplies under the sink, a first aid kit. Fire extinguisher.
When Steve made his way into the kitchen, the note folded into a tiny square and pressed tightly to the inside of his fist, there were two plates of extremely lopsided pancakes on the island and Tony already seated on one of the stools.
“We’re not going to end up cleaning this up before we leave, are we?” She asked, a hint of amusement creeping into her voice as she looked down at the greasy wrappers scattered all over the table. Their collective inability to pick up after themselves wasn’t what she was here to talk about though, and they both were well aware of it.
“Where are you going again?” Ty asked, his expression condescending and just a little smug, as if he knew he’s gonna get what he wants with Tony’s silence and his parents’ not very subtle appraisal of their son with a guy like Ty as they’d fox-trotted past them minutes ago.
“No one person has the same reality, Cap. I’m experiencing this differently than you are even though we’re looking at the same stuff.” Tony said, his voice oddly contemplative. Steve looked over his shoulder, catching Tony’s eyes just to have him tear his gaze away toward the slightly protruding logs that made up the walls of the cabin.
And yet, there was so much that they didn’t know. What kind of intergalactic threat were they dealing with? Had this source been brought to Earth from another planet or had it only been recently activated somehow after years of being hidden somewhere on Earth? Why did the anomalies seem to be concentrated in one particular location, rather than the generic world-ruling goals of the other intergalactic visitors that they had faced in the past?
“ -- And how does your husband’s indifference make you feel, love?” Tony hears the tail-end of what promises a very interesting conversation, so he cranks up the volume and listens attentively.
Tony recognizes it immediately. The patchy blue sky, scribbled green grass, vaguely rectangular boxes meant to resemble the many highrises of New York City, and of course, the distinct green blob that is the Statue of Liberty in the background that Tony had recognized even as a 4-year-old.
Later, when he’s buckled into the car in the front seat even though he’s technically not supposed to be sitting up there (even though he’s tall enough), he watches his dad gaze out the window as they’re stopped at a red light. He’s got that sad look in his eyes that Peter tries so hard to take away but it never really works. He knows it’s because of his mom, and Peter gets really sad about her too, but he always has his dad to make him feel better again.
“Goddamnit, Peter,” he swears, unfastening his seatbelt and rising out of his chair. He shuts off the phone and tosses it down onto his seat.
“It’s not showing up on the sensors either,” another voice said, this one a little more garbled than the previous. Suddenly, the camera began to shake, just as violently as in the other clip and in the exact same pattern of jerky movements. There was another chilling scream, eerily similar to the one that had pierced the silence of the conference room mere moments ago, and then— nothing. That same abrupt cut to black.
More nights than not he’d wake up drenched to the bone in sweat, shivering furiously as his mind provided an unhelpful replay of the shield continuing its relentless path down into Tony’s armoured chest, where the arc reactor flickered. Steve would hear the horrible sound of the arc reactor crunching into the armour as he ground the shield into it. It came down again and again and again and again until the red in Steve’s vision had cleared completely.
The boy who might be named Stella has a bright blue crayon in his fist that he scribbles onto the page their teacher had given them a little while ago to draw on. Tony can’t tell what he’s drawing from his spot, but the boy seems like he knows exactly what he wants on the page. Tony wishes he could be that sure about anything.
“Morning, Cap! I would offer you an omelette, but I don’t think you want this one,” he said, gesturing to the burnt mess in his pan with a grimace. “Nat made pancakes. If you want,” he waved in the general direction of the table with his spatula before turning back to his omelette, probably thinking of some way to salvage it.
“What’s he doing here?” Steve Rogers asked Bucky, nodding to where Tony was standing without sparing him a glance. Tony frowned, bristling indignantly as Nat looked him over scrutinously with a raised eyebrow.
He really hadn’t meant to send that letter. He’d been very sleep-deprived and running solely on copious amounts of caffeine, and although that was often the formula to some of his best creations being made, this time it had produced very unwanted results in the form of a fan letter to a man he had heard on the goddamn radio. By the time he had been clear-headed enough to realize what he’d done, it wasn’t as if he could hack his way out of it. For some god awful reason, Tired Tony had decided to write a letter of all things, despite being the CEO of one of the nation’s leading tech companies. And so, there he was. Confronted with the fact that he had asked a complete stranger to meet him at the top of the Empire State Building on Valentine’s Day.
Steve knew he deserved it. He was merely repenting for his wrongdoings by reliving the worst moment of his entire existence.
Tony snickers, leaning forward in his seat in his interest.
Peter finally looks up at him, a very serious look in his eyes. “It airs in fifty states, Dad.”
It was on the 134th day 134, exactly one day more than the number of days Tony had spent in the cave before he’d gotten out, when everything started to go wrong.
“I think the twenty bots that just got tossed like tiny, metallic pizzas was kind of telling,” Iron Man remarks sarcastically as he makes quick work of send bots with a few repulsor blasts.
Tony didn’t really know how to respond to that, frowning at the way Ty spoke of the dancers that suggested he viewed them as tools that he used to further his business. Tony thought that they looked to be the only people in the room who seemed to be truly alive.
“No— don’t,” he reached up and grabbed Tony’s hand. “I’m just—I can’t—”
“You said that we should be friends,” Tony says, bringing his hand up to the side of Steve’s face, stroking his bottom lip with his thumb. “Then 15 years later you asked me to be your husband.”
“Your son feels that you’ve been very unhappy since your wife’s death, Steve.”
“Does your father know about this, Peter?” The aforementioned doctor asks, and Tony is doubting that he was aware of this is happening if he was even half of a rational parent.
A spotlight suddenly went careening past them to the centre of the dance floor, cueing the crowd to part in half.
Tony nods his head so hard he thinks it might actually fall off like Jarvis says it would if it wasn’t screwed onto his head. “I know so! It looks better than the stuff they have there.”
They were shuffled into the waiting QuinJet which already had other people that Tony didn’t recognize huddled inside. Only after he was gently pushed onto a bench next to Steve with a blanket thrown over his shoulders did he realize that they were the SHIELD agents that had gone missing before. Steve seemed to arrive at the same conclusion judging by the way his gaze kept returning to the small group as his leg bounced in a familiar nervous tic.
The sound of Steve’s voice almost made him stop for a second. Even though the idea of having the worst conversation of his life that he really didn’t want to have with the infuriating man who unfortunately still held the position as the love of Tony’s life, made him want to jump off the top of his Tower without the suit on, he still missed Steve like crazy.
Tony resumed his staring contest with the wall, both unfettered fear and rage waging a war against each other that resulted in the ceasefire of synapses in his brain. The feelings were so much — so much that Tony found himself feeling numb at the end of it all.
Steve stuck close to the trees at the edge of the clearing, peering into the dark forest to see if there could be any signs of activity inside. He honestly didn’t know what he was hoping to find. A secret alien base set up in the forest so they could watch their cabin trap lure unsuspecting town residents and SHIELD agents into? That wouldn’t even make Steve’s list of top ten weirdest things he’d ever come across on a mission.
Natasha was saying more things and Tony was hearing them, but he couldn’t seem to understand.
Steve ventured into the clearing, wading through the snow cautiously, almost as if he was expecting a mine to go off from under his feet as soon as he stepped away from the forest of conifers. The clearing itself had a diameter of about two hundred feet, the cabin sitting at the very centre of it. The thicket of trees formed an almost perfect circle around the cabin, the perimeter line separating it from the trees far too crisp to be a product of nature.
“It’s still a threat,” Tony said, nodding at Bruce. “If this Thanos guy is really after it, who’s to say he’s not on our tail right now? It could be a plant to get us there.”
It’s so nice that Tony thinks it should be in one of those fancy art galleries his parents took him to sometimes. He tells Steve so, and he smiles big at Tony.
“Widow, incoming on your six,” Steve murmurs into the comm link as he viciously swings his shield into the neck of a giant flying Doombot. He leaps off the pile of smoldering cars he had climbed on top of earlier to gain more leverage and lands on both feet, just in time to see the Black Widow flip off the side of the thirty-storey building she had been scaling to grab onto the back of a flying bot.
Tony shrugs, putting on his facade of nonchalance while his fingers drum on the table top. “Yeah, sounds pretty crazy. You know how it is though. It’ll probably blow over in a few days.”
Tony hears Steve sigh again, obviously reluctant to remain discussing his life story to this quack and to half the world listening in.
Clint jolts out of bed to grab his bow and arrows resting on the wall next to his bed. He calls out for Natasha but hears no reply, so he runs towards the elevator assuming that she had probably gone down already.
“He’s not fine, you’ve ruined him,” Bucky said with a frown, pointing to where Dodger was lying parallel to Steve on the couch. “He’s depressed, Steve. You gave the dog depression.”
The boy looks surprised to see Tony’s hand held out like that, but he slowly fits his hand into Tony’s and shakes it. His grip is not firm like Tony’s Dad said it should be so that people take him seriously, and the boy’s hand is sweaty.
“And have you been in any sort of romantic relationship since then?”
“Maybe he’s caught up in something dangerous again,” Steve suggested with a shrug. That had been his immediate thought when he had seen Tony with the phone. It had been followed with that familiar churning anxiety that usually accompanied the potential thought of Tony being in some sort of danger. “And he didn’t want to be traced by using his actual phone.” That thought had quickly been extinguished when Steve had caught Tony standing by the curb, anxiously checking his actual phone to call his car to him so he could get away from Steve.
They were so close. Close enough that Tony could feel Steve’s breath on his nose as he wrapped both arms snugly around Tony’s waist and pulled him up to his front. Tony found himself nodding along to the beat, all of the nervous babble that had been parading through his brain just moments ago suddenly falling out somewhere near Steve’s shuffling feet.
Tony didn’t want to give him that satisfaction. He still didn’t know why Steve hadn’t told him about his parents. Steve’s betrayal still stung like hell and the inevitable but brutal ripping apart of their relationship that had been a work in progress had made it that much harder to process.
Then someone had called out Tony’s name and he’d dropped the entire pile of cards in his hands.
“See that?” Tony asked, pointing to a patch of purple on the screen capturing what the jet’s infrared sensors were recording. “That’s not supposed to be there. It’s an abnormally large force of energy beginning in the area surrounding the coordinates we’re heading to, and moving towards the town….over there,” Tony explained, pointing towards a nearby area that was a little further away which Steve presumed was the town.
“Hey!”
“What do we need to do,” Steve questioned, the firm line of his mouth betraying his displeasure at how SHIELD had handled the issue, but Tony knew he wasn’t at all surprised with the outcome of events.
Steve sets his jaw, fists clenching by his sides as he takes in the new information. The thought of Stark going through God knew what, alone and defenseless, made Steve’s stomach lurch uncomfortably.
“I think when you find the right person, you will be.”
“Don’t I count as Hydra though?”
He knew when he got back there would be about a hundred and seventy four messages from Pepper demanding to know where he was, not to mentioned the disappointed emails from Fury no doubt chastising him for making the Avengers come after him when he could’ve escaped himself with the Iron Man armour. To be fair, Tony did make use of the armour to get away, but he hadn’t been able to get out of the warehouse before the Avengers came storming in all high and mighty. So, technically it was SHIELD’s fault in the first place for sending their shiniest to get him.
Steve got up first, placing The Hobbit onto the low coffee table and picking up their empty mugs of coffee. By their usual routine, Tony would get up as well, shuffling to the bathroom to take his turn with the shower and to brush his teeth before bidding Steve goodnight and head inside to the bedroom.
It had been a few months since the sabbatical and Steve was back to running missions with the team on behalf of the newly reformed SHIELD. The Avengers were sprawled out all over the country now and definitely expanded past the six of them that had taken down Loki what felt like an eternity ago. For a guy who had technically been alive for almost ten decades, an eternity should not have felt like such a goddamn long time.
“Exactly what I said! I can’t get him to go and now it’s too late, because he’s at work and he won’t get back until tonight. Then we’ll never go,” he whines, upset at the thought that he might never have another parent and his dad would be sad and lonely forever because they aren’t going to New York.
The mid-afternoon sun that has been beating at Steve’s uniformed back for the entirety of the battle suddenly disappears behind a cloud of darkness. He looks away from the fight briefly, watching in awe as the bright lines of lightning form cracks in the sudden black skies. Thunder claps thrice, signalling the imminent arrival of Thor, and Steve can hear everyone heave a deep sigh of relief.
Thor slips off the bed and pads barefoot into the empty living space on his floor. The eerie sound gets louder the further he travels into the room, and Thor grips the handle of Mjolnir tightly in anticipation.
Steve did a double-take.
Steve sighed, looking down at his shoes. For the first time that night, Tony was able to study the man for more than two panicked seconds. Steve had his hands shoved in his pockets, his broad as fuck shoulders hunched in over his chest in that way he did whenever he was feeling vulnerable. He was wearing a navy suit, nothing extraordinary as far as Tony can see. The weirdest part of his appearance was probably the beard. Steve looked like one of those hipster millennial dads and Tony hated that he was intrigued by the new look.
“I’m insulted that you have to ask, babe,” comes Tony’s reply over the sounds of the Imperial March playing out on the TV.
When he opens his eyes, they fall on a stained piece of lined paper with a pen hanging around conveniently. Tony groans quietly, rubbing his eyes against the heel of his palm as he fights through his impulse and the exhaustion fueling it. It doesn’t take very much for him to think fuck it and straighten up to grab the offending piece of paper, draining the rest of his now cold coffee before putting pen to paper.
“And I don’t mean to be rude, Steve--”
A part of him wanted to go. What was the worst that could happen, right? His pride was at war with that tiny, very irrational part of him that still believed in love and the absolute bullshit drilled into their minds, and Tony honestly was not sure which side was going to win this one.
On day 229, Tony woke up before Steve. The bedroom was still dark, the bright blue of the sky right outside of the window the only sign of the fast approaching dawn.
Steve wished him goodnight with a tired smile and left the room as well, leaving Tony alone and still in his seat. He watched Steve go, feeling that familiar ache settle under his second rib, but not enough for him to get all maudlin about it. The urge to follow Steve into his room, the one with the light blue walls that Steve had painted himself and the white curtains that would gently billow into the room with the breeze when they had it open, surprisingly failed to interrupt his musings.
“Did you find anything?” Steve inquired, resisting the urge to wrap his arm around Tony’s shoulder and usher him into the cabin when he began to rub his hands up and down his arms in an effort to stave off the cold.
“Six of SHIELD’s best. Xixi, Rachel, Kielan, Mariam, Dulquer, Evan.” Fury listed, his voice betraying nothing about what could have happened to them. “Their last contact with SHIELD was over a week ago. A retrieval crew was sent out to the same coordinates two days ago, and we’ve also lost contact with them just five hours prior to this meeting.”
“T—ny—don’t come—some—ng—it’s not—”
And they did.
Bucky frowned, readjusting his grip on the watermelon, stacking one precariously on top of the other two. Tony kind of hoped one would just—fall out onto the ground. “No guests allowed bud. House rules.”
Steve had quickly become one of his best friends even before they had started dating, and during the course of their relationship, they’d always been friends first. Tony had never felt more comfortable with another person that he was also in love with. He’d learned that Steve was so much more than what the history books and Howard and taught him. Steve had the most nihilistic sense of humour that Tony assumed came with living through the Depression and cried during Disney movies and waved his fist angrily during baseball games when Tony had no clue what was going on and was horny to a fault. They laughed more often than fought, despite what everyone else including various sources of distrustful media saw.
“If I promise you a morning blowjob, will you let me sleep?” Steve mumbles, his breath hot against the back of Tony’s neck.
“I’ve been practicing,” he said with that stupid crooked smile of his that Tony wanted to punch right off his stupid, lying face. “Five seconds is my newest record, believe it or not.”
Tony and Bruce shared a glance with each other, before diving back into the screens in a flurry. Bruce scribbled some more notes into his notebook, pushing his glasses up his nose when they began to slide forward, as Tony described to him what he was seeing. His words were a blur of equations and theories and a number of things that Steve couldn’t even begin to grasp, but he realized that he’d never get tired of watching Tony work. It was always like everything went away, even the worst things, until it was just Tony and the data in front of him.
He looks back up at Steve, waiting for his call. It feels eerily like they’re out with the Avengers, battling the next threat and Tony waiting for Cap to call it. Always waiting.
. “Alright everyone, I think we should all get some sleep. Got a long day tomorrow.”
“Tony wait--”
Tony looks up at him, surprised. No one’s ever asked him to play with them before. He’s nodding before he thinks about it too much, and he’s smiling for the first time since he got to school when the boy smiles wide with all his teeth showing.
Tony knew that Steve didn’t like plans. If it were up to him and he was working this mission alone, he would just wake up tomorrow morning, pull on the suit and figure it out on the Quinjet ride over to Thunder Bay. He worked on impulse, doing whatever the fuck felt right to him on the go.
Steve kind of tuned them out at some point, letting them figure out the logistics of his years on the run while he turned his focus to Dodger. He fed him some more pepperoni, but immediately felt guilty because he knew that he probably shouldn’t be feeding him pepperoni. So instead, he got up and grabbed Dodger’s food, the one with probiotics that Nat had gotten for him with the face of a giant wolf on the front of the package, proclaiming that it would satisfy the inner wolf of every dog. Steve thought that was a little weird, but grandiose proclamations of animal ancestry aside, Dodger loved the stuff so he figured it wasn’t too bad.
“So are you,” he said because it was true. Nat rarely showed if she was scared. Tony knew that it probably had to do with years of torture in the name of training back when she was in the Red Room, but it had turned into an unhealthy way to cope with what she had to do even now. This time was different. Tony could tell that she was terrified.
Steve slowly circled the cabin, keeping an eye out for anything that seemed abnormal, both about the cabin or in the clearing surrounding it. Everything was exactly the same as it had been fifteen minutes ago when they’d landed at the edge of the clearing, except for the light snow that had begun to fall.
The recording had begun to experience some sort of interference, a slight crackling that had very quickly drowned out the urgent voices of the agents, and abruptly cut off as someone started to scream. Just like the previous two video clips that they had watched.
She looked away, reaching out to toy with the edge of one of the burgers that had once been the only thing between Bruce’s Whopper and shame.
“When did you guys get back?” Steve asked through a mouthful that was bordering on too much but also was not quite enough to satisfy the neediness of his body.
“I know you are, Steve,” Bucky reassured him, pulling Steve into a hug that he fell into gratefully. He wrapped his arms around Bucky’s very solid, very alive presence and buried his face in his shoulder. Suddenly, he was seventeen again, his Ma in the TB ward with her ‘kerchief dotted with blood and Bucky sitting next to him at home with a steadying hand on his shoulder. The instant relief he had felt then and now was like stepping out after being saturated with the Vita Rays and being able to take his first lungful of unobstructed oxygen.
“Over a year,” Steve said, his voice barely louder than a whisper. The silence that followed was almost too much for Tony to handle.
As they neared the location that the coordinates had pointed them to, Thor came and sat next to Steve where he had been restlessly sitting on the edge of one of the benches near the bay doors. Thor looked up at where Bruce had called Tony over to discuss something he had found in his readings.
He’d tried to talk to Tony a few times after he’d returned, but to no avail. Sam had suggested that he give Tony some space, that he’ll come to Steve when he’s ready to talk. Somehow, Steve doubted that. He didn’t think Tony would forgive him for hiding the truth about his parents and Steve didn’t really blame him, because he was having trouble forgiving himself.
“Mmm, you’re always so very warm. How are you so warm?” Tony mumbles probably half to himself. He blindly sets his mug at the edge of the counter, and Steve abruptly reaches out to push it back further onto the counter.
Steve hurried his pace as he approaches the elevator that would lead him down to the operation centre in the basement of Stark Mansion. “What is it, Widow? I’ve lost you.”
He quickly pulled on his suit, buckling his boots up and easing the shield out of its unnecessary leather casing that Steve hadn’t quite been able to bring himself to get rid of, as it’d been a gift from Tony from back when they were together. He hooked the shield onto the magnetic harness attached to the back of his suit and headed out with Dodger’s leash and a bag of goodies in hand.
“I don’t know, Steve. It just doesn’t seem like it would be that easy to me.”
“Aye, aye, Cap,” Tony saluted him with a wide grin, which Steve couldn’t help but reciprocate. “When we check out that cabin, I’ll see if I can pick up some samples for Brucie and me to science.”
“No, no. I meant what I said, Cap,” Iron Man says cheekily, zooming right over Steve’s head.
Hey everyone! I hope you're enjoying this so far! I will be updating fairly consistently, every Monday, although I have my two finals coming up in the next few weeks, but I will try my very best to keep updating. Also, a gentle reminder that if you're enjoying this story, I would really appreciate if you left kudos and comments, mostly because I crave validation but also because they genuinely motivate me to keep writing!
After that, the both of them had only been on two other missions together, but Steve still saw Tony at debriefs and tactical meetings every so often. Every time he saw him, Tony always had his guard up, his back ramrod straight and eyes blank and unexpressive in a way that was so unfamiliar to Steve that he almost couldn’t recognize him. That was also fine, Steve told himself. As long as he got to see Tony at all, it was fine.
Steve rolls his eyes, but the corners of his lips are tugged up against his will into a small smile. He nods at the stack of letters again. “How many people listened to that anyway?”
Steve jerks awake with a groan, and Tony is so afraid for the guy who decided to debut his criminal lifestyle during Captain America’s after hours, because those hands really are gonna start flying and very soon.
Tony’s mind was reeling so fast he wasn’t sure there was any fish to catch. A part of him wanted to yell at them to stop, to leave him and Steve alone. As soon as the thought entered his mind, Tony started to walk a little faster, scared to think about what that might’ve meant.
Except, it wouldn’t be like that this time around. Steve would doodle on his own, his seat far enough away from Tony that he wouldn’t even be able to see him out of the corner of his eye. Tony was— surprisingly fine with this, he realized in a very silent “huh” moment.
Tony could hear him out and he really wanted to, but he wasn’t quite ready yet.
Just as he’s given up all hope and accepted his fate of driving to the enthusiastic renditions of “tell me whatchu want, whatchu really really want,” he lands on a late night interview. He has high hopes for it, because the interviews that are on at two in the morning are usually the ones meant for truckers or insomniacs, and he finds out that he’s partially right when it’s revealed they are listening to an interview with relationship therapist, Dr. Fieldstone something-he-can’t-quite-catch.
“I know him,” is all Iron Man says, his voice cracking on the last syllable. “Guess I didn’t really.”
Steve stops systematically placing various items of food into the pantry and looks over at Peter. Bucky did have a point. He can’t exactly be in mourning forever, and Peter wasn’t going to be a kid forever.
“You too?” Tony asked, pulling out the chair next to him and waving Steve over. Steve shuffled over and slumped down into the chair as soon as he reached it. He leant forward and buried his face into his arms on the table.
“I want you back here now, Captain Rogers. This is a direct order.”
Steve sighs in exasperation, though he can’t help but think fondly of his ridiculous teammates. “Alright, guys. Thor, can we shut this thing down please? I would very much like to cap this and go home.”
Unfortunately, his frantically beating heart seems to have very different feelings about being trapped on top of a very tall building in the middle of New York City for the entire night.
“I could’ve eaten it,” Thor piped up, his cheeks still stuffed full of Pop-Tart. Tony whirled on him with an incredulous look on his face.
The comms cut out entirely, not even leaving a stream of static for them to listen to. The window next to the fireplace suddenly flung open, the curtains billowing inward with the howling wind and a sheet of snow that pushed its way inside. The cold snaked down the neck of Steve’s suit, curling around his warm skin.
It took them a while to get used to the idea of what living the same day over and over again would entail. Every morning, the fridge would be restocked, regardless of what they’d consumed the day before. The cabin itself would undergo a daily reset. The coating of dust that every surface seemed to adorn when they’d first arrive would settle onto the counters, the little kitchen island, the TV, the toaster.
“Don’t need one,” Steve mutters, gripping the ends of the cuffs with both hands and prying the metal apart. It falls away from Stark’s wrist easily, and Steve drops it to the ground. He looks up to find Stark looking up at him with his eyes blown dark.
“I would’ve done it too,” Steve spoke into the silence that followed. “If I—if I ever lost you, I wouldn’t know what to do with myself. I feel sorry for him.”
“Oh, I’m so sorry,” Tony mumbled, embarrassed, barely managing to catch the woman’s absent smile before he was pulled into Ty’s fumbling grasp once again. Tony let himself be maneuvered in the not-quite fox-trot that they’re barely managing, Ty’s severely misplaced confidence almost funny as he tried to impress Tony by telling him that he’s going to Cornell for
He didn’t recall ever having the same instant fight or flight response at seeing an ex before. Even though he’d only had one other serious relationship besides Steve, and that whole situation had been equally horrible when it had fallen apart, especially since he had essentially broken up with his boss who also happened to be his best friend.
Fury nodded at him, almost gratefully. “Thank you, Captain. I won’t lie to you, we are well aware that we did not have the most effective response to the situation. After SHIELD’s compromisation, things have not been running as smoothly as we had hoped, as you all know.”
Steve tears his gaze from Stark’s, his heart still beating frantically away underneath the uniform and his hands sweating in his leather gloves. The Wasp looks at them from the doorway they had blasted open just minutes earlier, a knowing glint in her eyes as she gestures outside.
As Steve stood underneath the frigid stream of his shower, he felt the tight grip of familiar restless energy working through him as the urge to climb into that awaiting Quinjet and get the mission done and over with became harder to ignore. Instead, he scrubbed himself clean of the sweat and grime that had built up in a filthy layer over his skin during his time in the gym. When he stepped out of the shower, JARVIS asked him if he’d like to partake in the team breakfast that was in the makings in the team kitchen on the communal floor that they often gathered on. Steve knew that JARVIS always asked as a formality, but the team breakfasts had become a part of their collective pre-mission routine in the months after the Avengers who hadn’t previously signed the Accords, had returned.
Steve ignores him, turning off his comm. He waits for Widow’s cue; an explosive arrow nearly nicking his ear as it flies past him and into the graffitied overhead door. Steve raises his shield against the plume of fire as it expands out towards him in the explosion. When it clears, he raises an arm, motioning the others forward. The Avengers storm inside, metaphorical guns ablaze.
“I won’t. I’m sorry,” Tony whispered back, bringing his arms up around Steve’s back and holding him close. The blanket slipped off his shoulders as they both crumbled to the ground, unwilling to let go of the other.
“You’re worried about tomorrow.” It wasn’t a question and she didn’t ask it as one. Her eyes were piercing, but Tony could see the exhaustion glazing them over.
Steve’s heart turns to ice when he hears the words, not really comprehending them until someone calls his name.
Iron Man flinches outwardly, before catching Steve’s look of confusion aimed at him. “It physically pains me to see the destruction of good tech,” he says.
Thor inches closer to it, his curiosity getting the best of him. His mind helpfully relays him a faint memory of Loki’s whole snake deception, but he casts that thought away.
“Yeah, what the fuck. Lesson to you, Steve. You trying to play matchmaker equals very bad,” Tony said, laying his own head down on his arm resting on top of the table so that he was at eye level with Steve. He resumed carding his fingers through Steve’s hair.
Tony would be lying if he said that seeing Steve didn’t sting a little bit.
They dispersed after that, Sam going up to the helm to update Nat and Clint on what they’d just talked about, and Thor and Bruce hunkering down to work on some of the snacks from the decent-sized stash they’d managed to accumulate from missions over the years. Bucky came over after a while to sit next to Steve.
Steve looked up at him, his brows furrowed in a frown that was more confused than exasperated. “It looks like we haven’t touched this since we arrived.”
“I was taking a walk. What’s going on up there?” Tony pointed up at the house, watching with a raised eyebrow as one of the watermelons nearly flopped right out of Bucky’s grasp.
“I know. And we will,” Tony replied, his voice not betraying any of the fear that Steve knew he was really feeling. “We can’t get out of here. We are also panicking. Let’s get our asses in order, have some tea, etcetera. And then we’ll bust out of this hellhole. Capiche?”
“Sure he would. Right, my boy?” Mr. Stone clapped Tony’s shoulder with his meaty hand, nearly sending him flying towards the old lady again. Tony pursed his lips into what he hoped turned out to be a somewhat proper looking smile on the other end, and nodded, almost sensing his parents’ expectant looks from across the room.
“Avengers, this is a Clearance Level 8 situation, meaning some of your clearance levels have been updated for this purpose alone. Other than the people gathered in this room, there is very few personnel who have access to this information.” Fury began, as ominous as ever. Tony did notice that he looked tenser than usual, but he wasn’t sure if that was the normal amount of tense that Fury perpetually carried with him, causing his trademark hybrid bat and pirate-like appearance, or if it was the kind of tense that he should be more concerned about.
Self-loathing curls at the pit of his stomach and he abruptly turns toward his coffee, terrified of what else he was capable of doing.
The drawing is quickly forgotten by the both of them, but Tony remembers to tell Steve to bring it home to his Ma when the bell rings at the end of the day.
Sam considered this for a moment. “Yeah, but weren’t you after him separate from SHIELD Hydra?”
Fuck that. Tony was man enough to know when he was about to shit himself with anxiety and he did
Tomorrow.
His dad smiles down at him with a sad but very determined look in his eyes, and Peter instantly knows he’s not getting his way this time. “Pete, we can’t just up at go to New York, because of someone who likes the Dodgers, who is also a stranger. Besides, you’ve got school now. We can’t just leave, bud.”
“Dad, I think it’s on the other side,” the familiar voice of a kid says, pulling a large man outside of the elevator. Tony finds himself unable to move all of a sudden as the man looks up, his eyes widening in recognition.
“So, heard you’re famous now. You’re all the rage now, bud. Everyone’s been going on about ‘Sleepless in Seattle,’” Bucky says, his eyes studying Steve carefully.
“Hey mister, cognac is for adult people, not robot babies,” Tony said, gently nudging Buster away from the bottle of cognac that sat on the coffee table in between their bowls of chilli from the can. “Steve, get Buster some apple juice please.”
“All due respect sir, no. We’re in position waiting for Widow’s call. Returning now would be futile,” Steve explains, his voice a murmur as he signals to Hawkeye who is crouched up on the roof of the two-storey building behind him.
Whatever Tony had been expecting to see, it definitely had not been this.
They passed the 365 day mark, though neither of them acknowledged it verbally. They spent the day lounging in bed after Steve had generously woken Tony up with his mouth around his cock.
“Yeah, I did,” Steve replies softly, holding Tony as close to his chest as was bodily possible. “I guess some part of me knew. All those years ago.”
“I ate already.” Steve retorted weakly, knowing that they’d sniff out the lie as soon as it had left his mouth.
Thoughts of Steve soon gave way to his fears about tomorrow. His mind flashed back to the video clips they’d been shown, the eyes on the screen. Xixi. Kielan. Evan. Rachel. Eleanor. Dulquer. The screams and the cut to black screens. What had they seen that Tony hadn’t been able to? What was out there?
The boy’s mouth twists up as he also thinks about this. He shrugs. “I dunno,” he says, not looking bothered by the fact that he’s going to be at school for so many hours. “Hey, wanna go play Legos after?”
Steve furrowed his brows, shutting the doors of the wardrobe closed and stepping back towards the bed to rifle through the nightstands. “Seems pretty real to me.”
Tony rolled his eyes, grabbing his coffee and slipping out of the kitchen, all the while muttering under his breath about hauling their asses up to the Quinjet before he left them all behind.
Bucky grinned, shifting his hold on the watermelon as he leant up against the doors. “Not bad, Stark,” he said, and pushed the doors open.
Thor jolts upright, Mjolnir at the ready. His eyes dart to every corner of his darkened room, prepared for a fight at any instant.
When U whirred indignantly, Tony grinned and put his hands up defensively. “Hey, I’m kidding! Not really though, because you have put motor oil into my smoothies on more than one occasion, bud.”
“There’s nothing here, Cap. I’ve run multiple scans. No living or otherwise non-Earthly being is in here.” Tony told him from the doorway, stepping out of his suit. “J, sentry mode, please.” The armour accordingly complied, joints whirring as it strode toward the front door and stood facing it.
Steve’s mind reels as it slowly dawns on him. “Did she say why the airport?”
Tony was terrified of this mission. His vision of his teammates dying was still etched into his eyelids, refusing to budge no matter what he invented to be one step ahead of whatever might bring that vision to reality. He hadn’t been on top of it this time, having been scrambling with the Accords, amending it so that the Raft would be shut down indefinitely, Barnes’ innocence proven and having a team of enhanced individuals responsible for holding other enhanced individuals accountable when necessary, rather than the super council of politicians and liaisons that had been originally suggested. The amendments had taken months to be put in place, and in the meantime, Tony had forgotten about the real threat, the one that they couldn’t predict or come up with a set of documents to hold accountable.
“Touching down in thirty seconds,” Tony said to him, the sound of his voice nearly startling Steve out of his grasp entirely. Steve nodded an affirmative to let him know that he’d heard, finally glancing at the Iron Man mask that retained its impassive stare straight ahead.
Once he was able to see past the hazy red smoke that filled the room, Tony found himself unable to tear his eyes away from the sheer number of writhing bodies in various states of intoxication scattered inside.
If they weren’t already stuck re-living the same 24 hours over and over again, Tony would wish that he could stop time at this very moment even though they’d had dozens just like it.
Thor also eventually made his way back with his Pop-Tarts that he was inhaling as fast as the toaster was popping them out. Bruce stacked his tablets on top of each other and turned to the sad cup of yogurt, smiling sheepishly at Steve when he placed a full plate of food in front of him.
They’d played a couple of rounds of chess before they quickly realized that Steve would (very happily) lose every single one to Tony. Monopoly had come next, but it turned out that Tony hated losing and upset the board when he lost the first game. It was difficult to play with just the two of them, and it made the absence of their usual players more glaring. Steve had instituted the rule that they would auction off properties at random in order to have the game progress much faster after they’d spent hours on the second round.
Steve nodded slowly, looking away from Tony. His fork hung limply in his fingers, as he frowned at the front door which remained as stubbornly shut as it had been on day one.
“Who’s this again?”
Ty pushed him back, making his feet trip over one another as his shoulder went careening into the back of the little old woman he’d seen earlier, sending her stumbling into the elderly man who Tony presumed was her husband.
Hey Sleepless and Son,
He would usually spend the rest of the night hunched over the toilet afterwards, heaving every time the unwelcome image of Tony’s bloody look of horror as he flinched away from Steve viciously bringing the shield down, entered his mind.
“It’s hard for me to imagine.”
Steve steps closer to the two of them, and holds out his hand. Tony takes it.
“Seriously, what’s up with the omelette?” Nat asked, nodding at the plate as they all watched Tony as he almost comically chewed the bite in his mouth and visibly tried not to gag when he swallowed it. “Is this like the time you made Pep—”
“Tony? I made breakfast,” Steve said, the bed dipping behind Tony as Steve climbed onto it. He could smell the coffee and Tony knew that Steve would’ve made it exactly how he liked it in the morning - black with two spoonfuls of sugar  - and the thought made his eyes burn under his eyelids.
“Be careful, Tony. Don’t fly out too far, we don’t know what’s out there,” Steve reminded him, finishing up his own perimeter check of the west side of the clearing. He was expecting a snarky retort about how Tony hadn’t signed up to be mothered, but the only reply he got was a curt affirmative acknowledging his warning.
Bruce can’t help the fond smile as he once again bends down to peer through the eyepiece of his own telescope, turning the knob of the focuser only slightly so that the image of the night skies projected to him are a bit more sharp. By now, he’s gotten so used to Tony’s presence that his antics have become more amusing and sometimes even endearing rather than annoying.
They inched their way across the room until they reached the door at the far end, next to the fireplace. Steve pushed it open with his boot, letting his eyes adjust to the dim lighting and using the faint light from Tony’s repulsors as his guide. There was a large, queen bed at the centre of the room, pushed up against the far wall. A similar Oriental rug to the one that had been in the other room, however, this one seemed to be a darker red colour, had been placed underneath the bed.
He brushes his hands down Tony’s sides, warm to the touch from being pressed up against Steve. Tony winds his arms around his neck, pulling himself closer as the abandoned blanket draped over them slips onto the ground.
Thor arrives with his hammer blazing light into the skies, his vibrant red cape fluttering fiercely as he lands on both feet with Loki following close behind him. He grins widely at Steve, who gives him a hurried salute in greeting before he is forced to put up his shield once again to prevent himself from getting shot in the face with a laser beam.
“I’m a pretty lucky guy, Stark,” Steve murmurs. He’s not even sure whether they’re still talking about Stark’s unexpected escape from the anti-super gang, but he decides he’s okay with that. More than okay with it, actually.
He brought a gloved hand up to his ear. “Ready, Avengers?” He received a series of affirmative answers. “Meet back here in two hours. Good luck.” Steve felt Tony’s gauntleted fingers lift him under his arms as Iron Man took off and began to rise up above the ground. He caught a glimpse of Nat, Bucky, Sam and Thor taking off on the snowmobiles from the jet, speeding off in the direction of the town. The jet’s door slowly arched upward as Bruce and Clint made their way back inside to keep an eye on the surroundings, as Bruce ran through their data and anything the jet’s sensors would pick up.
Iron Man raises one gauntlet to his helmet, as if to remove it, but then shifts away again, his arm dropping back down to rest by his side. He turns to face Steve, and the eerie expression of the Iron Man helmet which Steve had once found unsettling renders him with an odd sense of relief, amongst another feeling Steve cannot quite pinpoint.
“I’ve got to run. There’s a situation at work,” Steve offers as explanation. “Mind watching Peter for a few hours?” He asks Bucky, silently pleading with him not to ask questions that Steve wouldn’t be able to answer.
“I resent that. I’ll have you know that my taste in men is very refined.” Tony scoffed, scooting back into the cushions and pulling the Afghan blanket hanging over the back of the couch onto his lap.
All of the Avengers had been called in by the looks of it. The Wasp has grown to be the size of a three-storey building, and she along with Iron Man are working steadily to disarm….giant Iron Man? Steve hurries toward them activating his comm link as he approaches the fight.
Peter realizes abruptly that his dad doesn’t really have anyone to make him feel better, and Peter himself can’t possibly count because he’s only seven.
“It wasn’t a banana,” Steve replied, very pointedly ignoring the jab about the crying. “Is this pepperoni?”
“Not really how I imagined I would spend my evening, but I can’t say that I’m not enjoying this,” Iron Man says, barely dodging past an ill-aimed laser strike. Steve nods in agreement before realizing that Iron Man can’t see him.
The boy’s face scrunches up at the question and turns to the big white clock on the wall. The big hand’s at the 8 now, but Tony doesn’t remember what that means or how long they have until he can go home again with Jarvis.
Steve looked up at that. “You’re shitting me.” He received two very emphatic head shakes with both Bucky and Sam wearing the same expression of immense smugness. “How’d he take that?”
“I’m worried about him and he’s worried about me and my uncle’s worried about the both of us,” the kid replies, and Tony has to laugh again at his response. “I bike to school and my dad follows me in his car like I don’t know he’s there. And now, he’s started a new job and everything and you know what happens--”
“Excuse me, sir,” he says, making his voice sound plaintive. “I’m supposed to be on the plane to New York City right now, but I can’t find my dad.” He pushes his bottom lip out in a magnificent pout and relishes in the moment the guard takes pity on him and offers Peter his hand.
“But what’s the problem, then? Aren’t you and your dad gonna go?” MJ asks curiously.
This time, he had been invited to go on behalf of SI, hence Pepper’s presence and his tag-along self because of his lovely last name that carried the money and the insurmountable legacy like a truckload of shit behind it.
Dodger trotted up to Steve's feet as soon as he stepped out of his bedroom to receive his morning kisses, and let himself be attached to the leash, his tongue lolling out as he patiently waited for Steve to get him clipped and harnessed.
Tony was the first to notice his arrival, his scowl transforming into a hesitant smile as he turned to wave at Steve.
“Saw it comin’, Cap,” she retorts breathlessly as the bot weaves in and out of the buildings in the heart of Manhattan, steadily making its way towards the gaping portal in the middle of Times Square.
Bruce sighs once again, lifting his head from where he’d been peering through the eyepiece of one of the telescopes. “It should’ve started about twenty minutes ago, but you can’t always predict the exact time meteor showers occur, Tony--”
A holo-screen popped up in front of Tony, screen gradually brightening into a familiar blue as several other smaller screens came to life around him. He ran his fingers over his keypad in a gesture that looked like he was tracing a crescent moon, mind running faster than his tech and his body in a way that didn’t seem plausible but most definitely was.
It made sense for Tony to have his own Identicard. Being known as the Avengers’ benefactor couldn’t bode particularly well for an infamous genius billionaire, and though Iron Man was Stark’s bodyguard, it was probably a good idea that Stark had his own Card. It certainly was going to help him in this particular situation.
Thor smiles widely as he removes his face from the open cupboard, pointing at Steve’s face enthusiastically. “Yes! The delightful little things. Do we have any?”
He looks up sharply, his eyebrows drawn in a suspicious frown. “How did you know about that?”
“What if Dodger fucking died? Like right now.”
Much later, when he’s changed into his uniform and studying a hologram in the cockpit of a SHIELD Helicarrier, Steve can’t help but wonder once again, if he’s doing the right thing for his son.
He sticks his hand out. “My name is Tony,” he doesn’t say his last name, because some of the kids in his class had whispered really loudly and stared at him when his name was called in roll call. He knows his family is famous, but he doesn’t really understand why. His Dad isn’t in movies or anything.
Pepper had left his side a little while ago, citing a few potential donors for SI’s own September Foundation as the reason for her departure, but Tony knew that she’d had a thing with one of them for a couple of weeks now and he didn’t want to ruin that for her by being his usual clingy self for tonight. And so he had been at the bar by himself, still nursing his first glass of champagne that he’d picked off a passing waiter earlier after stopping to say hello to the usual balding ladies and gents, steadfastly refusing any topic of conversation that included the casual mentions of how much everyone had donated to the cause, because he hated the fuckers who showed up just to boast. He had been peacefully people-watching until a certain familiar blond hunk of patriotic beef had wandered into his field of vision.
Tony inhales slowly, his lips stretching wide in a very put upon smile as his heart races within him for some very odd reason. “Oh yeah? That’s so unlike Matt,” he says in what he hopes is a casual way. “What’s the big deal with this Sleepless in Seattle guy anyway?”
He wanted to turn away, turn his back to the noise and the crowd so Steve would have a harder time (not much harder) looking for him. But he found himself standing there, not really frozen but also not really moving either. He had his glass of champagne still cradled in his hand, the moistness of the condensation dripping from the glass and wetting the tips of his fingers.
Tony shot him a surprised look, not realizing how much he’d missed the casual back and forth banter that had made up most of his conversations with Steve before everything had gone wrong. “I’m gonna pretend you didn’t say that,” he muttered, hoping that the fondness he was feeling wouldn’t leak into his words.
“What do you mean, he was taken?” Steve barks into the phone as the Helicarrier touches down at the landing pad of Stark Mansion. “Where’s Iron Man?”
He’s so lost in his thoughts that he doesn’t really process the Wasp gently touching his shoulder to grab his attention, passing a SHIELD issued phone into his hand. He presses the device to his ear on muscle memory, half expecting Fury’s voice of disapproval to assault him and his surprised when the panicked voice of MJ’s mother greets him instead.
“Oh, well when you say it like that, what choice do I have but to believe you,” Tony countered with a huff, smirking when Nat rolled her eyes at him.
“He’s with me,” Bucky supplied, wrapping an arm around Tony and pulling him closer to the group. Steve Rogers finally looked over at him, his golden hair sticking to his forehead and somehow not making him look like a drowned rat, his blue eyes guarded.
“What’s with the omelette, Stark?” Clint asked at one point, reaching across the table for seconds, just barely avoiding Natasha’s swat as he grabbed the last couple pieces of bacon.
“We don’t know exactly,” Fury revealed, obviously reluctant to share how they’d probably severely underestimated this for what it was. “Geometric data was off, satellites shutting down, no contact from anybody in nearby towns for weeks that went unreported. Kind of clued us off that something was going on.”
“Apparently there was this man on the radio last night, kind of a crazy love therapist type show, the kind you’d probably hate,” Pepper adds with a playful smirk. “His son called in to ask about finding the father a new wife, but the man himself had caught on and started talking with the doctor. The girls practically swooned when they talked about him, even Matt was in on it, can you believe it, Tony?” Pepper remarks with mild shock, referring to her own very stoic personal assistant.
Tony took his seat in the chair next to Natasha, who moved her foot which had been propped up on it so he could sit. His eyes made the cursory pass over everyone in the room: Wilson, Bruce, who was grinning at something Thor was muttering to him, Nat, Clint, still looking upset about the donuts, Barnes, who looked half-asleep, and finally, Steve, who had his yellow legal pad out in front of him and a pen gripped tightly in his hand. Tony knew he wasn’t actually taking notes. Or, he would try to but it wouldn’t be long before the drivel turned into a funky little doodle of Natasha with a donut for a head, or something equally ridiculous for the sole purpose of making Tony laugh.
“Hulk, you’re going to cover our perimeter, make sure the bots don’t step out of it, and Widow, you’re with me on the ground. We’ll notify everyone when Thor arrives.” The Hulk takes off with great bounding leaps that leave the ground shaking underneath them, and Widow positions herself on the other side of the portal with her back against Steve’s.
“You’re doing your best, man,” Bucky continued, and Steve knew that he was trying not to let the pity bleed into his voice, but he heard it anyway and despised that he was hearing it. “Stop blaming yourself for everything going to shit. You made the right call.”
“I don’t mean to be rude, ma’am, but--”
Thor’s eye twitches as he lunges forward and rips the thing right out of the wall with an almighty cry. He drops it onto the floor and bears down on it with Mjolnir until it has been satisfyingly smashed into smithereens.
He realized he was still cradling a watermelon in his arms like an idiot and hastily made to follow Bucky across the room, murmuring apologies and “pardon me’s” as he squeezed past. Tony quickly shifted the watermelon into the waiting arms of Bucky once he had safely made it to him, shaking out his arms to relieve some of the ache from holding onto it for so long.
“The whole thing’s been blowing up all morning. People are writing to him, can you believe that?” She gesticulates, throwing her hands up in the air. Pepper waits for a response from him, but Tony keeps his gaze resolutely fixed on the polished mahogany of his desk.
Tony shook his head in the negative. “Just miles of trees, it looks like. I got JARVIS to run some scans as well, and nada,” he shrugged, shivering slightly as a sharp gust of wind accompanied the thickening snowfall.
“Exactly. But it’s covered in a layer of dust that I definitely remember wiping down this morning and the morning before.” Steve said, pointing to the aforementioned coating of grime that made the toaster look like it had been pulled out of someone’s dead grandmother’s attic.
“Sleep. Or I’ll sic Steve on you,” she threatened, pushing her chair back and somehow managing to avoid the ungodly scraping noise that it inevitably made only in the middle of the night when everyone else was fast asleep.
Thor smiles at the image of Jane’s smiling face, and sends her a quick message relaying the most important elements of his day. It was a tradition Thor had learned quickly during his time on Midgard, as the question that most people tended to ask him was “how was your day”.
“Fuckin’ heathens,” he muttered under his breath, mutinously glaring at Natasha who merely looked up at him with wide, fake guileless eyes and shoved the rest of her donut into her awaiting mouth.
Steve comes to an abrupt halt. “What?”
“Gimme,” Pepper says, making grabby hands at the paper Starbucks bag with another sandwich inside of it. Tony hands it to her, watching as she pries open the wrapping and digs in.
The host returns, letting the listeners know what number to call to share their thoughts about the man, who they have dubbed “Sleepless in Seattle.” Annoyed at the show and himself, Tony switches off the radio, nearly missing his exit in the process.
When Tony finally managed to drag his ass out of bed, he made sure to leave behind a note for Steve. While he was writing it, he desperately tried not to think about that morning a couple of weeks ago (day 214) when Tony had slept in and Steve had woken up in an empty bed and the way he’d shook in Tony’s arms as he cried brokenly, pleading with him to not go away again.
Day 170, Steve’s right wrist was tightly bandaged as he came round to drop off Tony's breakfast in the morning.
Tony Stark has never been someone Steve has had frequent interactions with after he joined the Avengers. He had always been an intimidating enigma who Steve had somewhat disliked but still appreciated from afar, his gratitude towards the man extending to him being the benefactor of the team. Growing up in extreme poverty for much of his life had rendered him to be very cautious regarding the very rich, very famous, and very important, three categories which Stark would seamlessly fit into. Although, their earlier exchange had felt eerily similar to flirtation, and Steve wasn’t sure how he felt about that, still having reservations regarding letting someone new into his life.
He growls, and shoves the duvet off him as the sounds grow steadily louder.
“Did we ever replace the some more Pop Tarts, Captain?” Thor asks as he wanders into the kitchen, his big hands gently setting aside packages of Cheez-Its and cereal boxes with way too much sugar and not enough cereal that Tony and Natasha have an unhealthy affection for.
It hits him like the pain of stepping on a billion pieces of Legos all at once. Peter realizes exactly what his dad needs to feel better again, and he can’t help feeling a little stupid for not having seen it before.
Further down was an arrangement of plush, brown armchairs set so they were facing each other from opposing sides of the faded, rectangular Oriental rug. With its back facing the door, a similar plush loveseat sat facing a charred, stone fireplace. Further down, Steve was able to just make out a door that was ajar, a dark sliver the only thing from inside the room that was visible.
The rest of them filed into the jet not long after him, and they lifted off from the Tower’s landing pad not long after that. Nat and Clint were at the helm, while the rest of them went over the plan again, making sure everyone had their roles in mind. Bucky, Sam, Nat and Thor were going to head into town and split off when they got there. They’d figured that two of them would check out the commercial area of the town, as the original team had done, while the other two ventured into the neighbourhood to see if the residents had somehow been sequestered to their homes by some unseeing force.
The cabin was located in the middle of a clearing, where the trees seemed to part for its placement. Upon closer inspection, Steve noticed that the ground surrounding the cabin that made up the clearing was absent of any stumps or debris that might’ve suggested that the trees had been cut down to create space for it. It was almost as if the trees had just—not grown there at all.
“So will I.”
They sat down to dinner together as they had done so many times before, Steve gently setting aside the various bits and pieces that had been the result of Tony’s tinkering to set the table.
When he leaves the room, he finds Bucky curled up on the couch watching My Best Friend’s Wedding for the hundredth time probably, and Steve shakes his head at him in amusement as he swings his bag over one shoulder and steps out the front door. He gets inside of his car, igniting the engine and backing out of the driveway, irritatingly aware of Bucky’s very unsubtle, piercing gaze from inside the house.
“Whoever abducted him must not have realized that he was the Avengers’ benefactor, and so they forgot to get rid of his Identicard. We can track him using that.”
“It’s just a timeframe, yeah, yeah,” Tony interrupts, hand coming down to adjust the mount of his own telescope without his eyes leaving the eyepiece.
“What do you mean by anomalies?” Steve asked, his fingers idly twirling the pen between them; a nervous tic of his that Tony had found extended beyond just writing utensils when he’d happened upon Captain America fiddling with a stick of string cheese during a particularly high stakes Friday night game of team Scrabble early on in their relationship.
There was one text message from the only contact saved into the phone.
“It just, did not go well,” Steve said vaguely, returning his attention to Dodger who had long finished his lunch and was prowling around the kitchen sniffing at their feet as if he could somehow startle them into dropping pepperoni onto the floor.
Then.
“And you didn’t think the team with a literal god from outer space and the guys with like, seventeen Ph.D.’s between them should be contacted before the shit hit the fan?” Tony asked incredulously, throwing his hands up. “And by shit hitting the fan, I mean eight potential casualties, oh, and also, not to mention a whole goddamn town of people who are just not there anymore?”
Oh, this was not good.
“Yeah, you’d think they were together, wouldn’t you?” Bucky mused, catching Steve’s eye once again and waving him over.
“That’s why the cabin’s here now, but it wasn’t in that other photo,” Steve supplied, sticking his nose inside of the wardrobe. Nothing of notice except a few men’s shirts and jeans hung up inside, with the drawers showing assorted pairs of socks and underwear. All men’s clothes, though. Steve didn’t speculate about that too much; he was aware that anyone can wear whatever clothes they wanted and the fact that these were traditionally worn by men, that meant very little.
“Yes. Okay? This is my stress omelette. Are you happy now, Nat? It sucks. I’m gonna end up feeding it to Steve’s dog. Can we just, shut up about it please?” Tony said, all in one breath, looking around the table defiantly despite the giggles that everyone was trying really hard to suppress for his ego's benefit.
He doesn’t think he’s been at his new school for very long, because the big hand on the clock has only moved to 6, but it was at 12 when he’d last looked at his Mom’s watch when he was holding her hand as they’d walked into school together. Tony tries to remember what Jarvis had taught him about time last week, but he forgot.
“Get your ass back here, Captain,” Fury snarls through the line. Steve thinks it’s a little too late for that.
After Tony had overcome the initial
Tony shakes his head in disbelief. “Sure you do.”
“I have no idea. Wouldn’t be here if it wasn’t going to serve any purpose though,” Tony mused out loud, joining Steve on the ground and reaching out to touch the steel dials that were each about the size of his own hand. The dials stuck out of the ground like the floor underneath the nightstand itself was some sort of elaborate combination lock. Tony wasn’t sure how the nightstand had been placed over it all without sliding off the uneven surface.
“Jane Foster?” Bruce asked, his voice gaining pitch at the end as his face scrunched up in confusion.
Tony snickers, shaking his head in disbelief and wondering just how far this woman was willing to go with this poor man. He leans forward against the steering wheel, keeping an eye on the road and an ear glued to the interesting proceedings happening on air.
The car had finally arrived and Tony stepped off the curb, leaving Steve standing there watching after him. He felt like absolute shit as he got in the car without even giving him a second glance, but it hurt too much to. The tinted glass of his window thankfully hid Steve’s dejected face from his view as he sped out of there.
They were in some sort of winter wonderland, like what Narnia must have looked like when Lucy Pevensie stepped out of the wardrobe, or what Steve imagined Dean Martin was singing about in the popular Christmas song. The ground was a blanket of white snow, untouched and so velvety soft that Steve was nearly overcome with the urge to stomp his foot in it. Thor had long succumbed to the urge evidently, as he pranced around giddily in the snow, exclaiming about how cold yet light it was, and was asking Tony why the snow in New York was always brown and dirty.
She goes through his drawers, and even manages to find the secret compartment that Clint had found in one of them when he’d first moved in. Natasha doesn’t bat an eyelid as her hand comes into contact with a moldy grilled cheese sandwich that probably shouldn’t be oozing like that, merely tossing it into the trash can next to Clint’s feet.
Steve frowned, his fork stalling midway to his mouth. “But you said there could be hundreds of thousands of combinations. It could take us months to figure it out.”
Tony swoops down low over the city, catching sight of pink lights strung up above restaurant tables and obnoxious heart shaped….things appearing wherever he looked. There were heart shaped candies, heart shaped balloons, a giant heart shaped flower arrangement over at Central Park that promised a spectacular tacky proposal fail, and a tiny dog wearing a sweater with tiny, red, smiling hearts all over it. God, Tony hated Valentine’s Day. As if they needed another excuse to further instill capitalism in the name of happiness and love.
That realization had placed yet another significantly large roadblock in front of their attempts at getting out of what Tony had figured was an elaborate time prison. It also brought into existence several questions that neither of them could even begin to answer. For one, where were the other SHIELD agents being kept if the two of them had been trapped in this cabin? There hadn’t been any other source of shelter within a fifty-mile radius of the cabin, and that was assuming that any other shelter wouldn’t have been magically shielded from any of their radars.
Tony shakes his head in amusement and only partially catches what the other woman says to that through a series of very loud and obnoxious sniffles. The show cuts to a commercial break and he tunes them out, wondering how bad life must get that you feel that the only solution to your troubles is calling into a late night radio interview with, essentially a “love doctor.” He thinks to himself that he isn’t really one to judge, when the break ends and Dr. Fieldstone is back on air.
His dad had made it all better though. All of that was almost two whole birthdays ago, if he recalls correctly. Peter is almost seven now. He’ll be going to a new school after the summer was over, and his dad had promised him that he’d make a ton of friends and that he was going to love their new home. His dad was making them a new life, kind of like when he was painting but it didn’t turn out the way he wanted, so his dad would rip the paper very carefully off the easel and smooth his hand down the crisp white surface of a blank sheet so he could start again.
Day 278 was the day that Tony had unearthed the pile of dusty board games that had been hidden under a floorboard under the rug in the living room.
Tony’s eyes were glued to the image of the young Asian woman. Xixi, according to the stats that ran underneath her picture. She was thirty years old, it said, lived in Manhattan and was an expert pilot and field medic. He looked at the image of a man next to hers, Kielan. Couldn’t be more than thirty-five, forty years old. Espionage agent.
Tony attempts to return his attention to his schematic, but his thoughts don’t seem to have gotten the memo. His mind takes him back to that night on the freeway, listening to the man who had lost so much, who refused to let it impact his ability to be a good father to his child.
Tony began to take days off. He never stayed in bed, although he often had to fight the urge to, he would spend the day messing around with the food or building Buster 2.0, which Steve had helpfully named Arthur after they’d gone through the three seasons of the cartoon that had been included in the stack of DVDs together.
“Sure you do,” Steve replies at the same time, making Tony smile to himself. Maybe this guy would actually hold up on his own.
Steve huffed out a laugh, shaking his head as he gently nudged the tray back in and sat back on his haunches, fiddling with the TV remote in his hold.
“Don’t do that to me again,” he whispered desperately, clutching at Tony’s shoulders like he was an apparition only seconds away from disappearing. Which, come to think of it, was probably what Steve thought when he’d first laid eyes on Tony in the kitchen on day 174.
“How about a movie night? You’re not busy are you?” He asked Tony, a familiar playful twinkle in his eye that thrilled Tony when he saw it.
“You listened to that?” Steve asks incredulously, very deliberately choosing not to think about the fact that the entire town knew it was him on the radio.
“Would it help if I spoke with him directly?”
He made it outside, but his heart started beating doubly faster. Tony trotted down the front steps and impatiently craned his neck to see if the car was on its way. He peered at his phone again, tapping frustratedly at the holographic screen and waving away the concerned valet who popped up to help, immediately feeling guilty when the valet quickly apologized and faded back into the background.
Mr. Stone walked toward them just as Ty was aggressively signalling the dancers to stop, by slashing the tips of his fingers against his throat, furiously mouthing at them to cut it out.
“Thanks for the very belated note, Theodore,” he muttered, stalking over to the dishwasher to stuff his plate inside.
“Steve,” Bucky called out, and that’s when Steve noticed that the room had gone silent while he had been preoccupied with moping all over Dodger, who didn’t really seem to give a shit anyway. He looked up at Bucky and Sam’s twin expressions of pity and tore his gaze away. It was like rubbing salt in his gaping, sore wound that had stuck around for months while everyone else had managed to heal somehow. He seemed to be the one who was always left behind.
Tony touched them down a couple hundred feet away from the cabin itself, which was a lot smaller than Steve had thought it would be in person. Steve righted himself once his feet were on the ground, or rather, in the ground, as his boots sunk fairly deep into the layer of powdery snow covering the forest floor. He took a deep breath, shivering as the brisk air filled his lungs almost painfully. His teeth clattered as he looked around, completely unrelated to the cold.
Much later, they’d been allowed to disband and retire to their rooms for the night after thorough physical examinations and therapy had been repeatedly recommended to them both.
Ty grinned as he pulled Tony in closer to him, a too-large hand flimsily placed on Tony’s waist as he took the lead in a very butchered rendering of a mambo. Tony grimaced, looking around to see if he could make desperate eye contact with his mother and somehow pull off an escape.
“Always,” Steve replied with a smile of his own, the familiar words rolling over his tongue like a soothing salve.
Steve spun him one last time, and Tony heard applause and cheers go up around the crowd as the song came to an end. When Tony managed to get his feet underneath him again, he opened his eyes to find that Steve was gone. He squashed the disappointment that rose within him and joined in on the cheering, absently feeling someone pat him on the back as he looked around, telling himself that he didn’t care where Steve had gone.
He quietly strips down to his boxers and reaches for one of Steve’s shirts he had lately taken to wearing to sleep when it got chilly. Tony slips into bed, pressing quick kisses to Steve’s bare shoulders as he pulls the sheets over them both.
Drumming his fingers against the wheel, Tony flips through radio stations, hoping to find something that would get him out of his weird mood. He briefly listens to the drone of infomercials, advertising things like super-absorbent sponges or smoothie blenders that could puree absolutely anything so you wouldn’t have to chew a morsel, all announced in a most annoying chirpy voice.
Tony jolts awake, his hands scrambling for his sheets. He swallows hard as his eyes slowly adjust to the darkness, trying to shake away the remnants of the dream. It was Obadiah again. He’d paralyzed Tony, ripped the arc reactor right out of his chest and walked away. It wasn’t real, he tells himself again, jerkily leaning over to manually turn on his lamp.
“I just want to talk, Tony.” Steve offered, his blue eyes sad enough that the part of Tony that had vowed to never let that happen constricted with guilt that he was the one putting it there.
By the time Tony got back to the penthouse, he felt more resolute about his decision to walk away from Steve. Maybe this was the closure he needed. He’d finally got himself the closure he had been vying for. It hurt like a bitch, but Tony kind of felt good about doing something that wasn’t completely awful for himself. He didn’t love Steve anymore, and he could take his sweet fucking time to forgive him if he ever did.
Other than being constantly worried for Steve’s life, Tony had missed his best friend.
“You mentioned the purple, bud.”
“The air is a bit off. It actually reminds me of one time when I was younger, and my brother transformed himself into a little bat, because he knows how much I love bats, and as I went to admire it, he transformed back into himself and stabbed me,” Thor explained, earning an incredulous look from Tony and a “Seriously, again?” from an equally incredulous looking Bruce.
Just as Fury had promised them at the meeting the previous evening, the Quinjet was juiced up and ready to go on the landing pad of the Tower by the time the entirety of the team had made it up to the roof.
This kitchen didn’t have a proper island and everything was made of metal. Tony wondered why he’d liked the gleaming steel and pristine marble countertops so much. It was all so blinding.
“I swear he was just here with MJ, but when I came out to get them for dinner, he just wasn’t there. MJ tells me he’s gone to the airport. I’m so sorry, Steve, I should’ve been--”
“Can’t see shit in here,” Tony said in explanation as Steve flushed with embarrassment and sheepishly turned back around to face the inside of the bedroom. “Guess nobody’s home.”
“I’m here. You’re okay. We’re gonna be okay,” Tony murmured softly, hugging Steve closer to his chest. Steve’s vision slowly began to clear, his gasping breaths easing out and leaving him behind with a feeling of being unwell, tremors running their course through his body even as he returned to himself. He realized that Tony was holding him. Blinking away the prick in his eyes, Steve buried his face into Tony’s soft shoulder.
Today, Tony stayed. He watched Steve rinse and dry their mugs, turn off the kitchen lights. Steve walked back to the couch with a confused frown to see Tony still sitting on the couch where he’d left him.
“Its—it’s moving—did, did you s—oh my god
It started with the discovery that his algorithm was a bust. He’d redone the math early in the morning after a discrepancy had kept him up in the night. The algorithm that he had been so hell-bent on for the past three months had led them to nothing. They’d essentially wasted weeks trying to apply it to solve the puzzle.
“Don’t say that. Dodger’s fine.”
“Real—st—ywhe—our—suits aren’t—”
As long as he was working, Tony could put aside the thought that they too would soon join the ranks of the previous missing SHIELD agents, except they had meant to be the last resort and he wasn’t sure there was anyone else SHIELD could send after them. If they even would.
Steve arrives at the basement of the Mansion, mentally pausing to take in the frantic flurry of activity around him. It seemed as if the entirety of SHIELD was down here, various agents glued to holoscreens as others barked into small hand-held devices. What usually is an empty, dimly lit room has now turned into a scene from a spy movie, with bright, blue screens lighting up every corner and everyone in the room wearing some form of skin tight, black attire.
“Hey, of course, bud. What’s your name? I can take you right to your old man, no problemo.”
He checks on Jeff the puppy that he and Nat had found during one of their nightly walks through the city and had gone to great lengths to hide from the rest of the team. Tony had a Rule about pets, but Thor hadn’t been able to help himself. Besides, he himself thought that Tony would be much less inclined to create such misguided Rules if he got himself a small companion such as Jeff.
Their words didn’t bring about some sort of revelatory moment for Steve, where all the messed up parts of his mind suddenly rearranged themselves to bring to right everything that was wrong. They actually did little to actually reassure Steve, because the “we” felt more like a “them” where Steve was this other guy on the outside looking in. But he felt less alone. Like they weren’t going to be there just because Steve had been there for them. They were here by choice, because they wanted to. That was enough for him.
“Like, he has it, as in he hasn’t taken it apart for parts slash chucked it into a dumpster yet?” Sam asked, as if he was bewildered at even the idea that Tony might have kept the phone that admittedly even Steve had thought was a bit ridiculous after he had mailed it along with his letter.
Peter jumps up, grinning widely and makes his way around to his dad, shoving the piece of paper in his face. “You’ve gotta read this, Dad. It’s from someone named Tony and he talks about the Dodgers, which means he’s probably real cool and you’d like him,” Peter insists, shaking the letter impatiently until his father wipes off his hands on a towel and takes the paper from him. He watches as his dad’s eyes scan the letter, even chuckling at some parts.
Steve looks up through the gaps of his cowl as Iron Man flies a loop around the portal before landing steadily on his feet nearby. “Bold of you to assume I won’t drag you there, kicking and screaming be damned.”
Tony blinks one open and snorts in amusement. “Have I ever told you that you’re very cute?”
“I don’t think omelettes are supposed to be a work in progress, Tony,” Nat said, eyeing the omelette with an eyebrow raised as she exuded judgement upon the charred egg. “I think they’re just supposed to be—done.”
“You scared?” Bucky asked him with that crooked smile of his, the one that Steve had missed desperately when he’d gotten out of the ice, the one that he’d never admit that he cried after seeing for the first time after Bucky had gone through deprogramming.
“Clearly, Stark Industries has the superior tech. Doom’s tech could never compete, of course, but still, it’s good tech gone to waste,” Iron Man replies with a deeply put upon sigh.
It was so overwhelming that Tony found himself pushing the wooden stool back and clambering out of it, his feet moving towards Steve of their own accord. He opened his mouth, but nothing happened. Steve, taking pity on him, had pushed a bowl of tiny cherry tomatoes into his hands.
Tony reached forward and swiped a finger through the dust, bringing it up close to his face and grimacing at the grey mess on his fingertip. His eyes fell on the countertop that he’d wiped down earlier in the day after he’d put his second plate of buttered toast of the day on top of it and noticed the perfect circle that it had left behind on the dusty surface when he’d gone to retrieve it. Unlike the toaster, it was cleaner than what Tony assumed a baby’s butt would be and just as smooth.
“When is this supposed to start again?” Tony asks, and by Bruce’s count it’s the nineteenth time he’s asked the exact same question since he’d arrived lugging two strange objects that Bruce later found out were supposed to be telescopes. NASA would be honest-to-god crying if they ever got a chance to look at Tony’s telescopes.
“You got a hot date with the Captain or something?” Bruce asks tentatively, not wanting to set Tony off on a rant about things that Bruce did not need to be privy to.
“As you wish, sir,” comes the AI’s polite reply. The armour flies him in a circuit above the city, the thousands of twinkling lights down below making Tony feel a slight sense of vertigo as he looks down.
This flight wasn’t anything like that first one. Steve didn’t think for a second that Tony would drop him or anything, he felt just as secure as ever held within the firm grasp of Iron Man. But nothing else felt the same. Despite there being very little physical space between them, Steve felt very removed from Tony in a way that he hadn't felt in a long time.
Steve looked up at him with a quirked brow. “The infinity stone?”
When he was younger, he’d believed in fighting for his country, not because he believed it was good, but because he knew they could be better. He still believed in that fight, but as long as they were operating under the big guys, they weren’t gonna come out of it on the right side.
The man eventually agrees reluctantly and Tony scoffs, and though he’s completely aware of the fact that he can merely turn it off and move on with his life, he feels too invested in the story to leave it behind so abruptly.
There was a small, rectangular island with two barstools precariously made of wood. The legs were thick, polished sticks that had been bound together in the traditional four-legged form with smaller pieces of wood running between the legs for additional support and what usually ended up being used as footrests from Steve’s experience. The seat looked to be a thin slab of lighter wood that had been attached on top.
“Do, do you know what time it is?” Tony asks him quietly, his thumb picking at the skin around his fingernail even though his mom would probably slap his hand away if she was here.
Tony startles, all thoughts of Sleepless in Seattle completely fleeing from his mind as he struggles to process this new information. “Maybe you should’ve started with that.”
“J, unlock the side drawer, please?”
That first letter had quickly been followed by several text messages sent to the burner phone that Tony would never admit to carrying around with him, followed by another letter which had contained yet another beat-around-the-bush, bullshit caricature of an apology. Tony was sure Steve would use this as another opportunity to clear his conscience and make sure that Tony had forgiven him and his best bud so that they can fuck off together.
Later, when Peter’s resettled at his spot at the kitchen island with his pile of letters, Bucky hangs around near Steve, helping him put away the groceries.
“NO.”
The number pad glows red, and a string of words run past on the narrow screen, telling Bruce that he has been denied access. He re-enters his code, figuring he must’ve made a mistake in his tired haste. The holographic pad glows red once again.
They barely acknowledged one another that first week. Tony spent most of his time taking apart his armour, Steve’s comm device, their phones, the wireless radio, and the TV, attempting to build and modify the communications devices that they had available to them so they could get in contact with the rest of the team or SHIELD. Although this task did not take an entire week to accomplish, and Tony suspected that Steve knew that too, it proved to be a helpful excuse.
“That’s what she said,” Iron Man mutters in response, and Steve thinks its Hawkeye he hears bark out a hoarse laugh at the sad attempt at a joke.
Steve rushes forward, leaving behind the other Avengers who have occupied themselves with rescuing any remaining civilians who might have been caught in the crossfire. He kneels down carefully next to Iron Man, who remains seated on the ground, his armoured face revealing nothing.
This meeting was a little different though. Fury didn’t usually call in all the Avengers on the current roster they were operating with for a mission. Since they all had their own schtick, they were usually partnered or grouped based on whether their skillset was required for any given mission. That meant Tony was mostly working with Bruce when he was needed as a consultant and when SHIELD needed Iron Man, he worked with the others in varying combinations. The recon missions were usually left to Nat and Clint with Barnes occasionally being assigned with them, and Steve as their lead.
Thor shifted next to him and Steve could feel the slight tingle of energy that seemed to constantly hover over Thor’s skin. It felt like the uncomfortable pull of static electricity making your hair stand up on end after pulling off a sweater on a dry winter’s day. Most of them had gotten used to the feeling after years of living with Thor, but Steve found himself noticing it more prominently after Thor had returned from being off-world for some time.
“Maybe if we talk about it, your son would feel better about this. He seems very worried about you, Steve.” The doctor is saying when Tony starts paying attention again. He rolls his eyes, imagining what exactly would happen to this “doctor” if the man decided to do something about the insane violation of his privacy that this was.
“No worries, I will head out myself,” Thor starts to say, although he is interrupted by Tony and Steve both putting a stop to that thought, the memory of Thor returning with a small grocery bag full of Pop Tarts leading them all into a false sense of security before a fucking truck full of the things showed up an hour later, still too fresh in their minds.
“Not even if Sam got tickets to the Mets game?”
They hadn’t all been called in to work a mission together for months. Definitely not since the Accords, and even before, Tony thought it might’ve been their little sceptre raid parties when it had just been the six of them, that they’d all been called in at the same time.
MJ grins at him, her smile almost wicked. “I’ve run away from home tons of times. I can tell you what to do.”
So Thor, being the ever considerate Asgardian that he was, had decided to spare them the effort and started sending people his most favoured moments of everyday, before he went to bed. Jane seemed to think it amusing, though curiously, Thor had stopped hearing from many others after he had started doing this.
Stark watches them with a smug grin, self-satisfaction oozing out of his gaze. He uncrosses his legs and holds out his handcuffed wrist. “Is anyone going to help me out here? Hand’s getting a little sore, here.”
Steve let out a sound that was somewhere between a self-deprecating chuckle and oh-God-please-don’t-remind-me groan. Being on the run from the government had not been one of Steve’s career goals, he’d mostly been trying to make it through the next errant coughing fit and attempting to not get evicted, but he figured that people have ended up in weirder places.
“Oh, them,” Ty said, his brows furrowed in a frown as he evidently failed to manage to keep Tony’s attention. “They’re the dance people. They’re here to keep the guests happy. They shouldn’t be showing off like that,” he nodded at the crowd who had ceased in their dancing completely to gape at the dancers. “That’s not gonna sell lessons.”
“Good,” Steve told him, eyes impressed as he grinned at him. Tony felt a prideful smile tugging at his lips, listening to the whoops and cheers going up around them as everyone else closed in around them.
He didn’t look like the perfectly moulded specimen of a man that adorned the blue uniform and was adored by millions around the world. He definitely didn’t look like the guy in Tony’s poster that he’d stuck to the wall across from his bed so Captain America’s cheesy smile would be the last thing he’d see before he closed his eyes.
“I’m trying, Buck. I really am,” he promised, wondering if one day he’d actually be able to convincingly make that promise to himself.
“You know it,” Steve muttered, already on his knees and lifting up the part of the duvet that was hanging over the side of the bed so he could peer underneath it.
“I’m going to assume everyone here wants coffee?” Steve asks, raising his voice to be heard over the commotion, opening the nearest cabinet and pulling out his favourite mug.
Whatever had ensnared them here was beyond any of their understanding. Tony wasn’t sure if he’d go as far as saying that there was magic behind it, but he knew for certain that there was something beyond just the extraterrestrial at work here.
Tony turned away from Ty, craning his neck to see past the balding heads and stiff updos. There was a hushed gasp that went over the room, the steady beat of the music making Tony’s foot tap-tap without him really being conscious of the movement. That was when Tony saw them.
His dad grins at him and the grumpy expression that has made itself at home on Peter’s face before crouching down until he’s at Peter’s level. The pile of books teeters dramatically to one side, but his dad hurriedly repositions his arms so that he’s cradling them more securely. Peter watches in mild awe as the books just right themselves in his father’s grasp once again. He has yet to see his dad fail to make things better for them, even the worst things.
“Also the lightening and the thunder. I think Thor just out-entranced you, Iron Man,” Hawkeye retorts through the comms.
Tony desperately wished he could make his brain stop counting the days.
Tony turns back to an adorably confused looking Steve and runs his hands over his chest. “Showers?” Steve asks at last, moving to rest his hands on Tony’s hips, thumbs rubbing circles into the soft material of his band shirt.
Fury sighed in that deep, long-suffering way of his that pissed Tony off, because if anyone should be sighing long-sufferingly it should be them for still dealing with SHIELD’s same bullshit.
“No. He doesn’t like talking about it, because it just makes him sadder.”
“Nat told me they were hopeless, but I really didn’t realize to what extent ‘till now,” Bucky replied, sharing yet another look of incredulity with Sam.
The inside of the cabin was dark, the only light being diluted by the curtains covering the small window that Steve had seen earlier. The walls were awash in the grey-blue light, a similar stream of light coming from the opposite wall revealing another window that had been covered, this one slightly bigger. Steve stepped further inside of the cabin, aware of Tony coming up beside him, his arms outstretched and repulsors charged.
Natasha makes a beeline for Clint’s desk as soon as they arrive at his room, starting to rummage through the piles of numerous papers, empty coffee cups, and magazines that are scattered across the surface. Clint stands back a few paces, watching from a safe distance as Natasha’s rage is taken out on every piece of paper that comes in her way.
“Half of it is,” Bucky managed through a large bite of his own slice of cheese pizza. Steve tore off a slice of pepperoni pizza for himself and all but shoved it into his mouth, not realizing how hungry he’d been until the pizza had been quite literally handed to him. His stomach not so silently begged him for sustenance, and he found himself not quite immune to its insistence. Also, the food momentarily distracted him from any Tony-related thoughts that may have been steadily plaguing him like a serious bout of cholera in early industrial England.
“I’m going to check this room out a little more,” Steve said, already making his way inside. “Make sure we really are the only ones in here.”
Iron Man turns to him. “No, I don’t think we do.”
Peering out into the crowd again, Tony turned to Bucky. “Where’d they learn to do that?” He asked, nodding at a couple who was rolling their hips into one another at the crest of every beat without fail.
And Steve couldn’t bring himself to argue with him on that.
Fortunately, his legendary pride didn’t let him fold that easily. Tony weaved through the crowds with ease, fingers scrambling to pull out his phone from the pocket of his jacket to key up JARVIS so he would have an easier getaway.
His dad ruffles his hair with a soft laugh and stands up again, heading into the living room to presumably put the books away. Peter watches him leave with a wide grin on his face, thinking about how his dad has done such a good job at fixing their broken life.
The other days, he would sit cross-legged next to Steve on the floor, writing down failed combination after failed combination or turning the dials himself while Steve had the list.
Thor looked at him with a doubtful frown. “No, the bacon was good, actually. Almost as good as those popping tarts. Delicious things. Not quite as good as an Asgardian roast though, of course.”
“Not if they don’t find out.”
They all turned to look at him in askance.
Steve shot him a concerned glance, as did everyone else, and finally,
It was on day 401 that the front door opened.
And so, Tony worried and Steve grumbled and stomped throughout the cabin as he tried (and failed) to find a trap door exit or a latch on the windows that they’d missed the first two hundred and fifty times.
They threw a stupid party on day 69 because Tony figured he owed it to the team to uphold his title as the biggest man-child of the Avengers and Steve was a huge troll. The only attendees had been the two of them, donning dusty party hats that Steve had scrounged up out of a box in the linen closet and looked hilariously tiny sitting precariously on top of Steve’s head, and the tiny helper bot that Tony had built to help them solve the floor puzzle which they had acquired no more success on than the day they had discovered it.
As Tony had expected, the contents within the fridge were untouched. Including the carton of orange juice that he’d drank straight from behind Steve’s back when he’d begun to crave coffee the day before and the only thing closest to it that wasn’t water was the orange juice. Peering closely at it now, squinting his eyes until he could barely see, he noticed that the bright blue seal around the Sunny D was coiled around the lid, unbroken as it had been when they’d first arrived.
“You know usually, that sentence would definitely not disgust me,” Steve replied after managing to swallow his load of meat on cheesy bread. “But this middle-aged lawyer John Smith sounds like a real swell guy.”
“Aren’t they?” Tony wondered, somehow willing his face not to turn as red as the lights flashing around them as Steve Rogers approached them, slowly pushing through the grinding bodies, his hand intertwined with the redhead’s. They stopped briefly as Nat reached out to grab a bottle of beer and tip it back into her mouth, throwing her head back, to the hoots and hollers of the guys gathered in a group nearby.
Peter sniffs and buries his face into the soft fur of his toy dog. He nudges his head into Steve’s hand, and Steve nearly breathes out in relief.
It was a sight that was almost frightening. The sheer density of the forest with trees taller than any that Steve had ever encountered was nearly overwhelming, sending shivers that had nothing to do with the cold crawling down his spine.
“Hell yeah,” Tony breathes, shifting more comfortably against him so that their bodies were practically slotted together. He goes quiet, his thumb softly stroking the back of Steve’s hand as his breath starts evening out.
“What do you mean, gone? How could he have just left?” He finally responds, ignoring the concerned glances from everyone in the Helicarrier.
Now it was Tony’s turn to be confused. “Wait, what? We’ve been using that thing for like ninety percent of our meals because you said we shouldn’t trust any of the food in the fridge.”
“Jesus, are we on air? Peter, why--you’re supposed to be in bed, for God’s sake,” the man scolds, just barely in the phone’s reception.
“One last golden egg….this is your legacy, Tony….legacy….”
Bucky stops him by putting up a hand. “I’m just saying. You’re the one who said so yourself that you’re lonely,” he points out unhelpfully. “It’s been two years, Steve. Maybe you should think of moving on.”
The doctor laughs. “Hello, Steve. We’re from Network America. Your son called us for advice on how to find you a new wife.”
The Avengers who had been on the run had signed, and predictably, Steve had been the last to do so. Apparently, it had been Barnes who’d convinced him to finally do it. They’d returned five months ago and Tony still hadn’t seen Steve outside of a professional context since Siberia happened. A fact that he had been more than happy with until fucking now because Steve was fucking here, at the gala.
Tony’s stomach ached with hunger for the first time in weeks.
He’s only unpacked ten boxes so far, and he’d promised Steve that he’d find out where they’d put their dishes before he got back from the pizza place. Tony lifts open the flaps to the eleventh box stacked on top of several other similar boxes all over the living room floor.
When his dad finally leaves, MJ’s mom refills their popcorn and goes into the kitchen to make chili, she tells them. Peter is invited to stay for dinner, and he says yes even though his dad promised to come back for dinner, because MJ’s mom made the best chili.
Bucky scoffs again. “Of course I didn’t. Gail was, and she called me over as soon as she recognized Peter’s voice,” he explains.
Making dinner together became a thing for them after day twenty-two, and Tony found himself enjoying making dinner with Steve more than the eating part, which had both surprised and alarmed him. Steve also started making him breakfast because he somehow couldn’t break the habit of waking up at ungodly hours of the morning even though he was stuck in a time loop and time itself was a concept that was very quickly eluding Tony’s grasp.
“Yes, please,” Tony says, eagerly scooting forward in his chair to get a good look at Steve’s drawing.
Steve steps back from him, dropping one last kiss to Tony’s lips and reaching behind him to grab the cooling cup of coffee. Tony whines and reaches for him again, but Steve thrusts the coffee at his chest with an amused smirk.
Stark seems to shake himself, his face relaxing into an easy grin once again. “Nothing, Cap. Just, took you long enough to get here.”
Thor settles himself into bed once again with a sigh, Mjolnir sinking into the soft pillow next to his head. He smiles to himself as a familiar feeling of victory washes over him, thinking to himself that there is no enemy, extremely unsettling inanimate objects included, that Thor of Asgard cannot defeat.
Huffing more loudly that he probably has to, Tony settles back onto his side of the bed (which was a lie because he always ended up in Steve’s side anyway). “Whoever taught you that wants to watch the world burn,” he mumbles petulantly as he turns exaggeratedly so his back is to Steve’s face, and smirks in satisfaction when he feels Steve roll over, arms slipping over Tony’s waist.
“Clint, I’m not arguing with you anymore. Your room is ten steps away, and we’re about to find out who didn’t do what very soon,” Natasha cuts into his thoughts, her voice steelier than steel, and Clint shuts his mouth because that was the voice she used when the knives were about to make an appearance.
Tony pulls away a little, blinking up at Steve with bleary eyes that somehow still manage to pull of sultry on top of that. “Wanna take this party away from the crazies?”
“Yes,” comes the reply. Peter seems to be very focused on reading a particularly long letter, no doubt addressed to Steve after the ill-advised exchange he’d had on a radio show.
Bruce feels the tell-tale pain in his joints, before his line of thought starts going haywire, and the Avengers alarm begins to blare.
“Who the fuck is Thanos?” Sam asked, walking over to where the rest of them had gathered.
Tony bounds out of the elevator before the doors fully slide open, toeing off his shoes and running his fingers through his hair as he makes his way through the penthouse suite in search of his bedroom. His mind is rapidly gathering with filthy, filthy thoughts, all of which include a very naked Steve Rogers in his very big bed.
Steve starts running to the portal, although he’s at least seven blocks away. Thor was supposed to have come back with Loki by now, with a solution to their little problem, but there is no sign of the god’s imminent arrival. He hears a familiar whine of repulsors and two successive blasts behind him.
“So, I have some thoughts about the….thingy in the floor,” Tony said around a mouthful of mashed potatoes later that evening as they sat together at the half-cleared kitchen island, his hand that wasn’t currently maneuvering a fork gesticulating wildly in the air.
“Asgardian gods aside,” she replied, her mouth quirked in that familiar smile of hers. She let go of the wrapper and covered Tony’s hand with her own, making him look up from the lettuce that he had now shredded into even tinier pieces. “We’re gonna be fine, Tony.”
“Buck, no--”
“Lights,” Thor says softly, before his eyes fall shut.
He barely spared Fury a glance as he stepped forward to place the box down at the centre of the long conference table they were all seated at. Tony quickly grabbed a couple of hot donuts for himself before the others pounced forward. Nat grabbed two before anyone else could blink, to absolutely nobody’s surprise. Barnes grabbed one for himself and Steve, while Wilson grabbed three for himself, before guiltily handing one over to Bruce who had been watching resignedly. Thor gasped delightedly and took one for himself while Clint sat staring at the now empty box with an incredulous look on his face.
Pepper narrows her eyes in suspicion before shaking her head at him, her red ponytail swinging as she finally cracks and moves the offending stack of files over a bit so she can perch at the edge of Tony’s desk. She sets down her own papers and toes off her heels, crossing one leg over the other.
“This was the movie you and Bruce decided to write a paper on the night after we got back from seeing it in the theatre, right?” Steve asked him, holding the DVD case up so Tony could see when he looked up from the wireless radio that he was in the process of reworking so they could receive signals.
“As much as that display destroyed every ounce of confidence I had in this team,” Fury started, his eye glaring at each of them individually to no effect at all. “Let’s get started, shall we?”
On day 37, Steve had found Interstellar in the stack of DVDs that had been pushed into the TV shelf.
As if on cue, the black midnight sky above the sparkling lights of Manhattan is illuminated with the jagged lines of blinding lightning. Thunder claps with a deafening boom, drowning out the sound of the fight occurring on the ground.
“A lot.”
Tony trotted out of the main house and into the brisk, summer night, feeling himself breathe in his first real breath of the day as the chirping of crickets and the faint sound of laughter and applause from the building he’d left behind became the background noise to his speeding thoughts. He started walking, no real destination in mind, his only real goal being that he doesn’t run into anyone who knew him.
Steve jerked forward and kicked the door open, thrusting forward with the shield entering before the rest of him. He heard Tony step inside after him, the hiss of pneumatics as the armour’s joints moved almost muffled by the densely falling snow that had begun to descend thickly as they had been standing in front of the door.
“And next, we have a very special phone call from Peter Parker, a seven year old boy from Seattle,” the host says, her tone obviously coloured with ill-concealed surprise. Intrigued, Tony reaches forward to turn up the volume.
“Captain, here. Where do you need me, Widow?” He asks when the Widow is within earshot. She turns to him, black mask exposing only her beady, blue eyes.
“Do you think you could ever love someone else as much as you loved your wife?” Doctor Martha asks, prodding Steve to offer an interesting response.
“I don’t think so, buddy. Someone forgot to get our groceries yesterday.” Tony says pointedly, shuffling into the kitchen to grab his steaming cup of coffee.
Tony sighed and wished that he hadn’t put his champagne back before trying to make his escape. Alcohol would be the only thing that would make this conversation even slightly bearable. He turned around anyway, knocking his shades down from where they had been perched atop his head and silently berating his stupid car which he was definitely taking apart and donating to a city college if he ever made it out of this with his sanity and patience intact.
Tony’s face was burning, he could tell, and it definitely wasn’t because of the overheated room. Steve wrapped an arm around his waist, pulling him right up against his chest.
“Copy that,” Steve mutters, taking the rest of the cord from Widow and trying to find a foothold on the suit to get another EMP further up on the metallic limbs.
“Everytime you think about them, you seem to forget more?” Tony suggested, his own voice gentle as he leaned forward into Steve’s space.
But Tony hadn’t let go of him. He’d held him close for the entire five minutes it had taken for them to get from the jet to the hideout where they’d gotten word of the sceptre being kept.
Tony wanted someone to tell him what the fuck was going on, but the events quickly drained him. He ended up falling asleep on Steve’s shoulder as the QuinJet took off, awakening to Steve’s fingers carding through his hair as he softly murmured that they were home.
“I’m sure you are, Steve,” Dr. Fieldstone replies, interrupting Tony’s train of maudlin thoughts. “Wouldn’t it help to talk about it though? From what Peter has told me, I think there’s a cloud of emotion that you’re refusing to address. Your son is really worried about you, Steve.”
When Tony turned onto his side after a few minutes of them both lying on their backs and staring up at the ceiling, each with a thousand thoughts and assumptions racing through his mind, Steve looked at him with something akin to awe shining through his eyes.
“Dad, it’s for you,” he says faintly, the phone too far away to pick up his voice clearly. “His name is Steve,” Peter whispers one last time to the viewers before the the phone is handed to his father.
Steve sighs, feeling his face heat up with a flush. “Is that why you’re here? To tell me how stupid that was? Because trust me, I know how stupid that was.”
The missing agents were another aspect of it all that they had very little to go off of. Two teams of trained SHIELD personnel had been sent to investigate these anomalies, and neither team had returned. The amount of data that each team had been able to secure before they’d lost contact with SHIELD was also very limited, including the video clips that Fury had shown to them at the meeting the day before, and the scientific data that had been given to Tony and Bruce to investigate.
“Oh, I thought that was your specialty,” Steve retorts, his heart starting to race although he’s sure the adrenaline from the expected battle had already passed. Stark’s eyebrows shoot up as he stands, drawing himself up to his full height.
Dodger yipped, happy to be on the receiving end of all the attention as Steve took his face between his hands and gave him a good cuddle. Steve straightened again, sticking his hand through the loop of Dodger’s leash and wrapping it around his wrist a couple of times. He made a quick stop at the kitchen on his floor to grab the bottle of water he kept in the fridge for his runs and missions and stepped into the waiting elevator.
Beep. Beep. Beep.
“Wasn’t it like, an international thing last time?” Bucky interjected with a confused frown of his own as the two of them attempted to figure out the technicalities of the various combinations of boobs who had been in pursuit of Steve for the last four years or so.
“Iron Man, can you hear me?” Steve says quietly, opening up a private comm link between them.
He stared down at his half-finished fries and then glanced across the table where Clint was making eyes at them. Tony pushed his fries over, rolling his eyes fondly when Clint got his grubby paws all over them, barely pausing for breath as he inhaled the now sad and soggy fries. Natasha looked on with her eyebrows raised and Tony shrugged, before she opened her mouth in a wide yawn, proving that even scary spider assassin people got tired sometimes.
“Yeah, of course. Make sure you don’t forget about us, Steve.” Bucky says as Steve rushes over to say a quick goodbye to Peter before he has to take off. Steve winces at the remark, silently promising himself that he’d explain everything to Bucky as soon as he got back, a vow he’s been making to himself ever since his first gig as Captain America after Peggy had died.
The holo-screens blipped into disappearance, only leaving the one-way glass wall behind Fury.
Steve was finishing up with assigning their roles, going over their entry and exit points, and contingency plans, of which they had multiple, because things would most likely go to shit at one point or another.
Steve’s hard look was ruined by the way the corner of his lips quirked up at Tony’s internal angst. His hesitant smile blew out into a wide grin as he noticed Tony’s feet tapping to the beat without his permission. Steve made a beckoning motion with his finger, pulling Tony into the middle of the dance floor.
