Lou pushed herself up from the dungeon’s floor with a deep sigh. The pool of lamb’s blood at her feet, poured in a perfect round, big puddle in the middle of the room, made Dean’s stomach turn. They had never needed so much blood for any ritual and it somehow spoke of their -
when Lou carefully stepped forwards into the blood. The girl’s heavily tattooed back looked as impressive as ever, the foreign sigils and symbols emanating a steady pulse of power, but Dean wasn’t sure if they would help with this at all. Lou put herself at great risk.
Dean felt Lou shift and put both hands on the compression and Sam tighten his grip further. Then his eyes slipped closed.
“Alright, Dean.” Lou positioned herself at his left side behind Jack and slung a compression-band around his upper arm without pulling it tight, but having it ready. Jack rose his hand to Dean’s left elbow, touching it lightly. Then, one hand still on the compression, Lou laid her other hand on Dean’s upper back and pushed him forwards so that he leaned over the blood. “We’re ready. Good luck.”
Wasting no time Lou gestured for them to step back. Sam stopped pacing the room and joined them again, and the three of them retreated as far as they could.
The words sounded as bad and wrong as everything about this ritual felt, created just for this one purpose. Dean couldn’t help but be reminded of The Dark Tongue of Mordor from The Lord Of The Rings, but that association quickly flew out of his mind when they saw the blood beginning to move on the floor, swirling around Lou’s feet and rising up, bubbling and twisting, looking more viscous than before, looking
They retreated as careful as possible. They couldn’t spill his blood, one drop not meeting the liquid already on the floor and the ritual wouldn’t work. Dean’s body ached and he felt the strength and consciousness leaving him, draining out of him together with his blood. Sam had to keep him upright now and Jack took over holding up his arm.
“Yeah.” Lou sighed, patting first Dean and then Jack on the back and smiling, relieved. The same relief Jack showed. He still clutched Dean’s arm, as if he needed solid proof that he made it. Dean wanted to pull him into a hug but knew there wasn’t any time for this now, so he only murmured a quick “thank you” and pulled Jack back from the pond of blood.
The compression-band was pulled tight at the same time that Dean felt the familiar warmth of healing grace flow into his wrist and up his arm. The black edges in his sight faded as he opened his eyes again and he felt life return to him, so quick that it rushed into his skull and made him light-headed.
The liquid moved to the wall of the dungeon, plastering itself there completely and leaving no drop behind on the floor. A gaping, black whole started to open up in the middle of it, more of the liquid started oozing out, building up into a roughly human-shaped form. Lou fell to the ground, panting hard and looking up at it, trying to edge away from it as much as the strength left in her allowed her to. Colour started to mix into the black, blue clothing and a female shape materialising out of the moving goo, blond hair and a face following.
"I'll ask my mom!" Charlie exclaims enthusiastically, jumping over the back of the couch to go make a call to her mother.
"Cas, I hope you have fun today," he says with as much sincerity as he can muster, which is a surprisingly large amount. Even if he's not fond of the company Cas will be keeping, Dean really does want him to have a good time.
He smiles sadly, shaking his head. “No, he didn’t.” He doesn’t tell her it would be easier if Balthazar had done something because then he’d have to admit to her that this? This is all him. And that’s not a conversation for the five minutes they have before class starts.
Anna opens her eyes and gives him the saddest, most heartbroken expression he’s ever seen on her. “I’m sorry, Cas, I know it isn’t your fault but…”
Dean has gone from just bordering on scarlet to a ghostly white, and Charlie adopts the most sympathetic expression she can, wrapping her free hand around his wrist and gently squeezing it in an attempt to offer comfort.
It's like a rock has made it's home in Castiel's stomach as a hush falls over the table, a very large rock named
The smile Anna gives him is odd, off in someway or another that Cas can't place but that gives him a feeling like an anvil has just been place on his chest. "I'm pretty sure he likes someone else, Cas."
"See!" Charlie exclaims happily, delivering a friendly punch to his arm. "I told you it would all work out."
Taking a deep breath, Dean enters the cafeteria and steadfastly refuses to acknowledge the somersaults his stomach seems so intent on performing as he goes through the line and gets his food. When he sits at the table, the only ones there so far are Charlie and Dorothy, no Cas, Balthazar, or Anna in sight.
It feels like that’s not the end of what Dean wants to say, like he’s just left the sentence hanging, but whatever it is, he doesn’t continue. That’s fine though; Castiel had already decided he wouldn’t pry.
"It's okay, really," Castiel promises, taking a seat on the porch swing, starting to rock slowly back and forth.
He does not, in fact, go to the library. Maybe he had intended to, at first, but he winds up locking himself in the handicapped bathroom instead, sliding down to the floor and trying not to hyperventilate. He spends the rest of lunch trying to talk himself down from the swirling mess in his head of
“Look,” Cas continues, “Charlie told me about the break up, and I know, you probably don’t want to talk about it, but that doesn’t mean we can’t watch movies and hang out like we used to.”
Still, he can’t help but wonder what happened. Anna has never explicitly avoided him before, no matter which social setting they found themselves in. She may not be as close to him as Charlie and Dean are, but she’s still pretty damn near it.
First period on Monday morning, Cas can instantly tell something is wrong with Anna. There’s no real rhyme or reason to it, as outwardly she maintains her neat and polished demeanor. However, there’s a pinch at the corners of her mouth when she smiles that looks a little too forced, and he can spot the puffiness around her eyes that she’s tried to cover with makeup.
When he gets there, the party is already in full swing, so it takes him a moment to stake out Charlie and Dorothy, and he's pleasantly surprised to find Cas there as well. He was a little worried the guy was going to pull the same thing as Anna and stay in because school is starting in two more days.
An odd sort of amusement flickers across Castiel's face, and he laughs softly. "Okay, Dean, I will. Thank you."
She doesn’t ask questions, just sits Cas down on the couch in front of the TV and wraps him in a blanket before disappearing into the kitchen. She reappears with two glasses of water and a pinched expression, which she explains by way of, “You live with an old person, how do you guys not have any ice cream?”
Dean glares at her. “I’m not interested in guys,” he insists, trying with all his might to impress upon her the sincerity of his words.
He sits for a few more moments, enjoying the quiet of the night, wondering how he's ever going to get to sleep with all the butterflies that have now made a home in his stomach flying around.. He allows himself one more completely dopey grin before going back in.
After Sam had rushed inside, Ruby closed the door and padded over the floorboards to the mirror. Fuck, she looked a state.
But now they were chatting about their lives and cooking together and sharing blankets on the couch.
“…except you weren’t. You weren’t dead to meet me on a bridge because you didn’t die. So, so Heaven isn’t fixed and Cas isn’t -” He swallowed and seemed to force his face back into stoicism. “Cas is still gone.”
There was another thud as Cas dropped the talon Dean hadn’t even realised he was holding. The look on Cas’s face… it was too big, too defeatist to be shame. He accepted what he was - he just wished Dean wasn’t there to see it.
“I want to believe it, Sam. I…” He choked on his words and looked back at the ground. “I want to believe he could still be out there. But I can’t.”
He tugged on Dean’s lower lip just like Dean had so enjoyed doing to him, days ago. “Put down the book, Dean,” he said, letting his voice lower to something close to growl.
, she physically, actually, had. She’d allowed herself a good cathartic woman scorned movie moment. And that had been satisfying for a minute there. She’d watched the waves, just as she might have when she’d been eight years old and visiting her grandma.
“Boys,” the ringmaster shouted, giving no indication he had heard Dean speak. “The new attraction is here. We’ve got ourselves a demon at last.”
Dean swung his eyes up, faux-innocent, towards the ceiling. “Seems like a shame to waste the effort.”
Before he dug around his phone notes for the gate code he stared through the bars at the house. All that. Just for him.
“Fuck,” Dean said shakily as he pressed the reject button on his phone and threw it into the back seat. When he turned back to the road the only thing about him that looked steady was his gaze.
Not for the first time in recent weeks, Cas noticed that his gaze seemed to make Dean uncomfortable, so he dropped his eyes back to the laptop. He could feel how badly the man was brimming with longing to tell him something, but since he hadn’t figured out clearly enough what that something was and Cas always did his best not to pry into the surface thoughts of his friends’ thoughts, exactly what Dean wanted to tell him remained a mystery. But the tension of the unsaid things was becoming almost harder to stomach being in a room with than their not talking at all had been.
“Well, I might want to do something over these two weeks without you being there,” Dean pointed out, which made Cas’s cheeks redden, “and because your car makes me sad to look at, much less sit in.”
Dean frowned. Right, the case. Instead of focusing on that, he’d just been caught up staring at Cas’s face again - something that had been happening more and more regularly these days. “Well, no, but -”
Even at night, the couch got the best lighting from the street outside, but since it was shining from behind Dean it was almost impossible to make out his exact expression as he continued to hang on Cas’s every word, lips slightly parted. So, hearing no encouragements or objections, Cas ploughed on.
Ignoring the shivers creeping up his spine, Dean scowled and lay down again. “Fantastic, now would you let this world savior sleep?”
Dean’s white knight to the rescue. His white knight in very grubby not-armor who wouldn’t even look at him as he leapt over Dean, a wicked, ancient-looking sword held in his hands that he used to swing back and effortlessly cut across his brother’s torso. Again, Michael wasn’t even given the chance to scream or beg or
Dean grinned and pulled out a dusty bottle from under the kitchen counter. Above him hung a little tin sign that exclaimed
Feverishly expecting ninjas, Dean spun around to meet his attacker – and found cute Mr Blue-eyes standing in front of him, with those dark eyebrows raised like the guy knew exactly what kind of noise Dean had been about to make.
“Like a hangover cure?” Sam asked, keeping his smile despite the fact that Ruby could feel him dragging his feet.
But… but it hadn’t been. Because Cas was… he’d be along, yeah, in that near but safely far off future when Dean knew what he wanted to say to him. Right now, Dean wasn’t on some mission to get some information out of Heaven – he wasn’t dead temporarily, and Heaven wasn’t a screwed up giant prison anymore. He didn’t have a job to do, there wasn’t anyone chasing him.
As he noticed tripping at the edge of his vision, the old man trained a withering glare on Dean. “Could you watch it? Some people are walking here.”
also, realised today that despite the title being from the steppenwolf song and my long angsty playlist filled with great angsty apocalyptic bangers i'm afraid that this might just be a disguised songfic for taylor swift's all too well and yes that was what gave me the drive to keep writing
When he stepped off the plane, restraining himself, just from kneeling to the ground and kissing it, he felt surprised at the warmth of the air. He’d known that a winter in L.A. would not feel like one at home – or at least, intellectually he had. But it still felt hard to believe somehow. He’d made this happen.
“…and no. It seems that a good amount of charitable people are offering tutoring to kids for free, so paid online guitar lessons are in lower demand than they’ve ever been.”
Dean wandered in, taking a spinning seat down on the bar stool nearest to Cas. “It’s like they didn’t know we were coming or something.”
Dean laughed. “Yeah. We’re simpler than yours, for sure, but that’s never looked stable. At best we used to hit functional.” He tapped his fingers absently on the steering wheel, in what vaguely resembled the beat of the music. “Uh... Yeah. I mean I guess seeing Bobby yesterday was making me think about my Dad. I always thought we’d come back here, some day, even if it was just a trip or whatever. That he hadn’t just ran away. But he never got to do the grumpy old man thing – he was just a grumpy man, and then he was a dead man.”
“Hey, look what I found…” Dean sang, wandering into the room with what looked like an aged bottle of whiskey held aloft above his head.
Still smiling, Cas put his hand next to Dean’s on the steering wheel again. His sparkled neon blue nails looked a strange purple in the evening light. The stuff had been so out of date that it had taken a whole bottle to get the solid effect it held now, but it had got there, with patience.
Uggghhhh, I'm so sorry! I haven't updated in like a million years, and now that I do, the chapter is so bad! I struggled so much with this! But... I tried, and I tried to fix it up as much as I could. I hope it appeases you guys at least a little!
He retrieves Castiel’s coat from the hall closet and offers it to his friend. Cas looks at him in confusion.
As Dean drives, Castiel watches. He does other things, of course - there is at least an eternity’s worth of responsibilities that have fallen into his lap - being the father-figure to the new god will do that to an angel - but as Bobby told Dean, time is different here. So Cas splits his time between watching Dean, helping Jack manage the universe, and even watching over Sam. Castiel could find it unfair, dig up some bitterness in his heart that while he sacrificed his life to save Dean, it is Sam that gets to live out a life. However, if he is honest with himself, he isn’t sure just how far his selflessness extends, if he could bare to watch Dean live out a life with someone else, a life without him. He’d done it once before, and look what it led to. He tries to not take these thoughts and feelings out to examine them often, but it does happen. It is in these moments that he runs from it all, even Jack, who somewhere along the line learned to not question it. He may have even learned to understand it, though Castiel can never be sure if his human experience was enough to impart that kind of knowledge onto the boy. Though he supposes it is possible that Jack asked his mother - he will always smile at the knowledge that those meetings get to happen with at much frequency as those two desire.
Charlie gives him a look that's settled somewhere halfway between an apologetic smile and a grimace. "He was pretty bothered about it, yeah. Said you told him you weren't feeling well, promised to call him, and then never did. He thought you were really sick, Cas."
When Castiel comes out of the library not two minutes later, Dean smiles brightly at him, can't help it, he's so relieved. A part of him had been worried Cas might blow him off, go hide in some other corner of the library.
Dean nods, but doesn’t say anything else. Instead, he just quietly returns to his homework. Castiel watches him work for a moment before finally, reluctantly doing the same. He gets the feeling there is more to the story, but as it stands, he isn’t sure he wants to know.
And Cas thinks he knows that, thinks Dean means it, but he is also terrified that he holds all the cards to fuck this all up if he doesn’t play them just right. But he’s tired of lying, especially to Dean.
“So, uh, have a good weekend?” she asks as she settles into her desk, voice going unnecessarily high at the end of the question.
This time it's Dorothy who bites out, "Dean!" arms immediately going around her taken-aback girlfriend.
They spend the rest of the night getting high and drunk, and in the morning he's left wondering how he even made it home as he wakes up in his own bed with the hangover from Hell.
"Dean, you know what's right and what's wrong here, so it's up to you whether you're going to be an ass about it or not," Charlie says, and Dean can hear the disappointment in her tone. "Now I'm going to sleep. You do what you want."
And of course, this is the reason Cas couldn't stay mad at perfect, beautiful Anna Milton. He's known Anna long enough and well enough to know she isn't really a deceitful harpy, despite how much her double life might imply it.
"Because I'm pretty sure you're mad at Dean. I would be." She turns to face him fully. "Castiel, you have to know that I tried to tell him he should spend time with you when I found out he was blowing you off. He just said you understood, though."
He can't help feeling hurt, but the Dean Winchester way of dealing with feelings is to get angry. "What the fuck is his problem?"
He hears the sound of her chair being pushed back across the linoleum and her walking around the table to him. Her hand presses gently between his shoulder blades, and he swallows back a sob.
They fall into silence, but for once it isn't awkward. Dean feels a warmth in his chest to finally offset the cold loneliness that had settled there late Friday night and remained until just moments ago.
Charlie shoulders relax down from where they’d climbed up to her ears. “Yeah, that’s true, I guess.”
“He wasn’t a prince,” Dean says softly, feeling like the air has been punched out of him. “He was an angel.”
Cas frowns, trying desperately to ignore how his heart has suddenly started jack rabbiting in his chest. “That explains Anna’s behavior this morning, though not yours.” He’s thankful that he sounds much calmer than he feels.
Instead of commenting on any of that, Cas settles on, "Thank you, Dean," and wishing the same to him.
Cas feels his stomach start to tie itself into anxious knots, waiting for Dean's response, but before his friend can say anything, Sam pops up and splays himself over the back of the couch.
"Don't be such a neanderthal," Balthazar butts in, wrapping an arm around Cas, whose blush spreads all the way up to his ears. "Castiel and I have a date tomorrow."
She glances up at him through her eyelashes. eyes rimmed red. "Well, everyone from school is at Lisa's."
He jumps as a knock sounds at his door, followed by his grandmother asking, “Castiel, are you in there?”
He lets her lead him to her car, numb to the world around him. They don’t speak through the whole drive; she simply lets the radio play softly, and if he felt capable, he would probably smile at her selection - it’s the mix CD of Christian pop music they’d made together when they were younger. It’s an odd comfort, but one he’s extremely grateful for.
Cas steps out from under Balthzar’s arm, instead grabbing one of his boyfriend’s hands between his own. He stares down at the point of contact between them before looking up into blue eyes. “I know you and Dean don’t always get along, but please be on your best behavior today? Even if he isn’t?”
Cas's shoulders are still unnaturally stiff when he says, “I wouldn't worry too much about it, Dean.” He misses the disappointed frown that crosses Dean's face when he turns back to his computer. Dean had hoped they were past the lying to each other and keeping secrets thing. He goes back to reading the comic, feeling slightly sick to his stomach.
The day passes in a blur of touching and smiling and talking, even as they extend the date to include dinner, and after that to include frozen yogurt. However, it does eventually have to come to an end, and when Balthazar drops Cas off at home, he even walks him to the door.
Dean takes Anna to homecoming the next day with no one the wiser to their breakup. Hell, for a second, Dean almost thinks he dreamed up the whole thing (which wouldn't actually make anything better since the thought of Cas like
“We’ll be okay again, I promise,” she says against his ear. Then they’re pulling apart, and with a soft kiss against his cheek, she leaves.
Silence holds for a minute before, "Dean, I swear to god if you don't get your foot off my crotch..."
She winks. "Damn straight. I'm Kesha, baby!" The two of them laugh loudly, attracting more than a few curious stares before they finally calm down again. "So anyway! Enough stalling! Tell me about this mystery person."
When they break apart, Cas says, “I still want it.” It isn’t a soft declaration; if anything, it sounds far more authoritative, like the Castiel of old, the one who was resolute in his mission, whether it be on behalf of Heaven, free will, or the Winchesters themselves. It also earns him a laugh from Dean, who continues to lean into him, hands clutching like he never intends to let go, which is fine by Cas.
"He forgot to do his econ homework," Charlie lies easily. So easily that it actually scares Dean a little.
He spends the whole night tossing and turning, his brain refusing to shut off. At some point around five, sleep drunk and delirious, he texts Cas an apology. He agonizes over it, not wanting to come off too clingy, but wanting Cas to know that he knows he screwed up. He finally settles on
"Because Cas is your friend, and he's happy. He at least deserves you not standing in the way of that."
These were the words she told him when he’d been small and felt so very alone, especially in those first few days before he’d met Dean, the days where he couldn’t understand why he’d been left, why his daddy wasn’t coming back for him. He’d barely slept, staying up as much as he could stand, in fear that maybe, just maybe, Chuck would come back for him and he’d miss it. He couldn’t miss that. It only took a few days of this before he finally cried.
“There was mistletoe!” Dean shouts, he is most certainly not starting to blush, thank you very much!
“No, I’m sorry,” Balthazar says, and it doesn’t sound the least bit spiteful or sarcastic, which takes Castiel aback. “It was your first time; that is a big deal. I should have stayed up and made sure you were okay. I was a shitty, selfish boyfriend.”
After, he lets Dean lead him on a walk. As much as he would be loath to admit it outside any time like this, and certainly to admit it out loud, sometimes Dean Winchester really does know best, especially where Castiel Shurley is concerned. He only asks where they are going out of the mild sort of curiosity anyone being kidnapped by a friend would ask. It doesn’t matter, it’s just something one asks.
"Every day of our high school careers," Castiel answers, turning a page in his AP Biology book, "especially when we're spending our summers reading
Placing his hand on top of hers, stilling her nervous fiddling with the bottle cap, Cas asks, "Did something happen with you and Dean?"
April's smile widens a little, but it does nothing to break up the nervousness on her face. "Yeah, but... it's been years, and we weren't in the same youth group, so I get you not remembering."
Dean gulps in the cold night air, trying hard not to think about just what exactly could be keeping Cas from answering. The beep sounds, and Dean start,” Cas…” And shit, it’s hard to talk. His tongue feels simultaneously heavy and loose from the booze. “Cas, man, I didn’t know. Didn’t realize until Anna said, but- Cas, I-”
Cas sees him as soon as he enters the cafeteria, sitting next to Anna with her other friends. At another table. He immediately feels like crying, which is stupid, selfish, he brought this on himself. So he looks away, hopes Charlie doesn’t also notice.
Dean looks at both of them, fumbling with a response. It’s too much - first Anna, and now Charlie and Dorothy. How is it that everyone seems in the loop on this except him? That shouldn’t even be possible! And it’s Cas! His best friend. His very male best friend.
The next morning, Dean heads home feeling miserable. He and Cas had stayed up a good portion of the night, and while Cas apparently feels better at the prospect of having sex with his boyfriend, Dean definitely doesn't, especially with knowing the two are going out today. He can't get the idea out of his head that Balthazar's “special” way of asking Cas to homecoming involves his dick.
It's a like a punch to the gut, but he tries to shrug it off, act like it doesn't bother him one bit that his girlfriend would rather be out studying than out with him on the last weekend before school. But he supposes he did hoard a lot of her time this summer, so he can't be too upset. "You know Anna."
“Good. It was good. My weekend, I mean. It was a good weekend,” she answers, fidgeting restlessly and seeming a little too focused on organizing the things on her desk.
Mary stares at him, searches his face in parental concern. Eventually, she gives him a sad smile and strokes his cheek. “Go take a shower, sweetie, you’ll feel more human. Then we can eat as much bacon and pancakes and eggs as you want, and you can tell me all about it.”
“I uh…” Dean scratches at his cheek, refusing to make eye contact with Cas. “I wanted to apologize.”
Dean scoffs. "Yeah right. Don't go giving him delusions of grandeur, Cas." He knows Cas is right now. Sam is already taller than Dean was at that age.
Cas doesn't even bother to ask April where they're going, instead choosing to just sit and listen to the low murmur of the radio playing the new hit song of the week. After about a forty-five minute drive, they pull up at a park in the next town over.
A smile spreads across Castiel's face, unbidden, as he's completely unable to contain his excitement. "Yes. Yes, that sounds great."
“I'm fine with it, really,” she says while they lean against the trunk of the Impala in the parking lot. “It didn't mean that much to me.”
Dean stares straight ahead, eyes widening in shock. “I love Cas,” he says quietly to himself. Then, turning to Charlie and desperately grabbing her shoulders, he reiterates, “Holy shit, Charlie! I love Cas!”
The whole way through the double date, Dean is habitually checking his phone, and every time he does, there are no missed calls or messages. He tries to tell himself that he's glad and that it's a good thing. After all, that means they're having a good time right? Dean's happy for them. Now, if only that didn't sound so sarcastic every time he tells himself that.
Castiel stealthily reaches under his blankets and pinches the top of the foot that is currently lewdly rubbing against him.
Castiel is doing his best impression of a startled guppy, and there isn’t even anyone around to see.
Dean groans in his own exasperation, raking his fingers through his hair as he throws himself back against his bed. "I don't know, okay!?"
Rage wells up in him white and hot, and then he's ripping his arm out of his girlfriend's grasp, rounding on her like a wild, wounded animal. "What was
He can see the way Dean’s shoulders tense at the tell-tale sound of Castiel’s wings announcing his arrival before he can announce it himself. However, Dean doesn’t turn to him, just keeps his back to Cas, shoulders tight, barely even breathing.
She frowns in sympathy, sidling up next to him, shoulders brushing. "He didn't tell any of us. Maybe he didn't know?"
Dean opens his mouth to say something, but Charlie keeps talking, “Or what about third grade, when you kissed him?”
Cas turns to fully face her, a levity in his heart that he hasn't felt in months. "I think everything is going to be okay," he tells her.
Dean turns around and leans back against the monkey bars, watches Cas, who in turn watches the sky. It’s a quiet moment, almost intimate, the two of them alone here. He feels like maybe they could be the only ones in the whole world at this moment, and it’s such a sappy thought that Dean is glad the cold is already making their skin red because otherwise he’s not sure he could explain the flush he feels rushing up his neck and to his cheeks to Cas.
“You won’t,” Mary promises. “You two have been friends most all of your lives, you guys will be fine.” She leans down and kisses him on the crown of the head. “Now go pick out a movie while I clean up.”
The rest of the day goes well, other than a minor hiccup during lunch where Dean had to bite his tongue lest he say something rude to Balthazar. Something about the way the guy just sauntered up, say next to Cas, and wrapped his arm around him made Dean's blood boil. Obviously, it was best friend instinct. Balthazar wasn't right for Cas, and it bothered Dean that his best friend didn't see he deserved better. Still, he made it through, and now he found himself in the parking lot, waiting on Cas.
He dawdles as much as he can, but seeing as he has to get Sam to school, too, it isn’t nearly long enough. The world isn’t even decent enough to provide him with any alternate, slower routes too school or even just a little bit of traffic. But hey! He’s Dean Winchester! Even if he feels like the world could be pulled out from under him at any moment, no one needs to actually know that. He manages to walk into school with all the swagger he definitely doesn’t feel, and morning classes go so well that he almost manages to forget that anything is wrong at all. There’s no whispering or surreptitious glances. No one magically knows about the feelings he’s secretly harboring for his best friend. Hell, no one even seem to know that he and Anna are broken up. He goes through his morning able to pretend that everything is fine and normal and nothing at all has happened.
She looks like she wants to say more, but thankfully doesn’t. Granted, no one else seems ready to say anything either, as they fall into a morose silence and Dorothy refuses to be helpful, instead just watching the both of them as she continues eating her lunch. They are graciously saved from the awkward by the arrival of Castiel and Balthazar, and Dean does his best to show his appreciation by trying not to glower at Balthazar.
“Can we just… I’ll call you this weekend and tell you about it, okay? I could probably use some advice on this anyway,” he finally says, and it’s not a lie. He really would appreciate Charlie’s input on this, he realizes. He probably shouldn’t have been trying to take this all on alone to begin with.
“Thank you,” he says, and he means it - he means it for tonight and the opportunity to gain distance and perspective, and he means it for when they were four and Dean offered him his friendship and a lifeline. He means it for all the moments between those two, as well.
Balthazar, at least, seems like he maybe does truly want to make a real effort of at least being civil about this. Unfortunately for him, Castiel has no patience left for all of this.
“The world seems endless, when you’re a child,” he responds, because it does. Endless in it’s possibilities for both kindness and cruelty.
When they get there, the house is full to bursting, and Castiel can't help musing that it's a wonder the police haven't shown already. Dorothy claims it has something to do with Lisa's father's place in the local government, which Charlie and Cas are more than willing to accept as fact.
Dean nods back. “So, Anna and I broke up on Friday.” He watches his mom, and to her credit she doesn’t say anything, though she does look confused. “She told me she thought I was in love with someone else, and I realized she was right. I, uh….” He trails off. This is the hard part, and his stomach fills with butterflies and rocks all at the same time. Nerves flush through him and his hands start to shake. This is it, this is where he rips off the band aide.
“I’ve walked before,” Castiel answers calmly, matter-of-factly, and then he closes the door, uncaring and unwanting to see whatever expression that has elicited on Balthazar’s face.
He must sound truly desperate because Mary sighs, slumping down just a little. “Dean,” she says, “I can’t promise to never tell him, but we can figure it out between the two of us first, okay?”
"Wait!" Cas calls, and Dean about jumps out of his skin at the volume of his friend's voice versus the relative silence of the library. Castiel obviously noticed it too if the blush staining his cheeks is anything to go by. Dean raises an eyebrow, a silent gesture of
“I’m not gay,” he mutters weakly, because he’s not. He can’t be. He likes girls. He’s always liked girls. There’s just no way he’s been lying to himself this whole time.
Anna and Cas are seated on the floor of Castiel's bedroom, backs against his bed, with books and notes in well-ordered chaos around them. It's honestly a travesty that there's this much work to already go over.
Dean sighs again, eyes casting up to the sky before returning to look at Charlie. "Look, I'm sorry I've been such an ass. Would you like to come over?"
As she's trotting around to the passenger side of the car, Dean calls after her, "Not in the front seat! That's Sammy's spot, and you know it!"
He goes down for breakfast not too long after. When he still hasn't heard from Cas after eating, he sends Anna a text saying "wat u up to 2day babe?"
When the tears slow down, having run their course, he sniffs and pulls back. Mary lets him go, but keeps a hand rubbing on his shoulder. “What do you say we watch a movie?” she asks with a smile.
Dean can’t help the incredulous laugh that comes out of him. “Seriously? Dude, your room was covered empty beer cans and bottle, and you were in bed with your girlfriend! The fact you’re still here and weren’t shipped off to boot camp speaks volumes to how easy she went on you!”
The rest of the walk to the cafeteria is spent discussing how the first day is going so far, as well as Dorothy and Charlie regaling Castiel with tales of what happened and who did who at the party Friday night.
Castiel nods. "It's like he gets me. He didn't think anything I had to say was weird, or, at least, not in a displeasing way. I really, really like him, Anna."
Charlie laughs a little too loudly. “Me? What do you mean what’s up with me? The sky is so up… with me?” she blurts out in a breathless ramble. Dorothy rolls her eyes beside her, but doesn’t say a word as she stuffs a french fry in her mouth.
The next Friday finds Dean at the homecoming game, despite his hatred of everything having to do with high school football. But, Anna was nominated for homecoming queen, and coming to show support is the least he can do after being such a shitty boyfriend lately. Even if in the end she winds up losing, at least he's there to show his support. Hell, he even brought flowers and everything.
She steps in, clutching her peach-colored, satin robe around her. “I thought you were staying at Dean’s last night,” she says.
"Alas, I have plans as well," says Balthazar, who then glances at Dean. "Though I think I would probably be the odd one out as the only significant other."
Castiel squints at her, slowly extending his own hand to take hers. It must look as unnatural as it feels because then April is laughing at him.
Cas gives a small shrug of his shoulders. “I’m not sure. Charlie just told me last period. I haven’t seen or heard from Dean about it, and Anna just acted cagey and distant this morning, though…” He trails off, almost telling Balthazar how he’s sure she’d been crying. Instead, he says, “She seemed like she could have probably felt better about it.” Anna is a secretive person; it would have felt like a breach of trust to share more, even with Balthazar.
Finally, he actually looks at her, knowing in the end it’s useless to try and hide anything from her; she’ll find out one way or another. He sighs, shoulders slumping.
Hey, look! I'm not dead! And this fic isn't dead! Sorry for the massive delay. Life has been kicking my butt, but hopefully I'll be making more of a concerted effort to get back on top of writing!
“You’d rather be traipsing off with Dean,” Balthazar plows on, not even stopping to acknowledge what Cas has just said.
Anna is silent for a moment, and when Dean turns to look at her, it's to find she's already staring at him. “Will you at least still take me to homecoming?” she asks.
Balthazar looks like he wants to snap back, but then seems to think better of it after a quick glance around them. He sighs again, this time seemingly in an attempt to calm himself. When he speaks, his voice has a forced sort of calm to it. “Cassie, can we please just talk?”
"I work at the Applebee’s in town," she offers helpfully, and he thinks that must be it, so he nods, offering a small, "Ah."
Dean and Charlie are Grade-A nerds, and they fly that flag pretty proudly. Charlie, at least, has a leg up on Dean in that she's incredibly smart, to boot, but she's also happens to be gay. Dean doesn't mind it one lick. Charlie is awesome, and the two of them often find themselves commiserating over relationship woes and porn. High school and a small town, however, aren't quite as kind to Charlie. She never seems to mind though. Dean kind of admires her for that, wishing he had half the guts and confidence she does. But it remains that they fall pretty low on that totem pole.
“My grandmother and I tend to do a lot of volunteering around Thanksgiving,” Cas says, and that isn’t a lie, per say. His grandmother spends most of the time between Thanksgiving and Christmas volunteering at local soup kitchens and homeless shelters, among other things, and Cas does usually join her occasionally over the month. It isn’t, however, something he can’t technically get out of.
Dean blinks and struggles to remember all that shit he read back when Charlie came out in the seventh grade. “Um… Bisexual?”
Dean blinks like a fish. "What?" Quickly, he turns his attention to Balthazar, as much as he hates to do it. "And you?"
does not count, considering Cas and Dean both left early." She shoots her aforementioned friends dirty looks.
Throwing her head back against the bed and covering her face with her notes, Anna groans so loudly in frustration that one might even consider it a shout. "I can't do this anymore," she whines, "I think I've stared at this so long that I've forgotten who built the pyramids!"
“You’ve been distant for over a month,” Balthazar spits out. “You bloody walked home while I was sleeping after homecoming!”
Cas glances demurely at him, seeming uncertain, and it only makes Dean's stomach tighten more. Cas focuses his sight back down to his lap, where his fingers are twisting intricately around each other. Dean suddenly finds himself glad he's across the room from the guy as the stupid urge to take those hands in his and just hold them flashes through him.
Cas golf carted them over to the science building, getting progressively paler as they got closer to the classroom door. Dean stopped them before they entered the room. “Dude, what are your levels right now?”
-On TikTok (amieleighluna) I post a lot of reactions from me rewatching the series. I took a break because of family staying with us for a while, but i'm resuming and I'm on season 7
That was their code for Sam wanting some advice he couldn’t go to their parents about. Mostly it was about getting out of trouble for breaking something, but with Sam getting older, Dean was pretty sure what he would soon be asking for advice about.
“Wait, Cas is Naomi’s son? What a small world!” Mary laughed. “That must mean Charlie is Gertrude Middleton’s daughter. Oh my god, they were inseparable. When Janice went to Boston for college, Naomi just packed up and went with her. She was supposed to go right into the family business after High School like her siblings. I guess they both fell in love there, got married, and never came back, not even for a reunion. Oh when we meet Cas, I’ll have to have him give my number to Naomi, I miss her so much. Gertrude too.”
“Oh, yea. I work the first half of the day, but I’ll text you once I'm done. We can either meet at the library or maybe your place since it’s closer to campus than my house.”
“Well, after I pushed Meg down, she made a bitchy comment about my, and I’m only saying this because she did, my ‘retarded girlfriend’. I kicked dirt at her for using the R-word. She says rude names all the time, so it didn’t throw me off when she used that word..but I just...why would she think Eileen is my girlfriend, though.”
“It wasn’t a date. Charlie met a girl at the LARP thing and he needed a ride home. I just figured we’d grab food after. Then we watched a couple movies until Charlie got home, by then it was too late to drive. You know he has never seen a Harrison Ford movie? How anyone makes it 20 years of life and never knows the wonder of Star Wars or Indiana Jones is lost on me. Oh and get this, guess who his mom is! It’s Naomi Georgiadis, that girl you grew up with. Her family owns that Greek place. That’s Cas’s family. He lives in the grandfather’s house. Dude it’s huge, way too much house for just him and Charlie, but they only use the main floor and the basement. The kitchen is amazing and there's a media room with just about every video game system ever. Those are Charlie’s, I guess the government paid her really well for that computer program she developed. She can’t tell me fully what it does, but it’s still cool. Anyways, the house was really big, so I didn't have to sleep on a couch, I got a whole guest room to myself.”
“Your full strength? You’re telling me that prizefight action wasn’t you sitting at full strength already?”
Sam felt the grin splitting his face before he could think to stop it. “Dean,” he said again, rushing over, ready to let his brother out – to release him –
Slowing his steps now with some caution, Dean kept walking over the grimy airport carpet and eventually found Cas, who was twisting a new lightbulb in above a bar.
With Sam at home, and Bobby’s back still giving him troubles, Dean had never been so grateful they lived outside of town. Even with the phones down, the last news coming through telling them about monsters, about parts of the world on fire, about how attempts at military takeovers were all ending badly, it was easy to pretend that this was something temporary, something for the summer, to be a story for Cas when he came back.  Dean made jokes and use of the hunting skills Bobby had trained them in as newly orphaned idiot boys and he scripted together what he was going to tell Cas whenever he got to see him again.
Dean’s mouth twitched, but lacked the energy behind the motion to take on a full smile. “Nah, just someone from back home.”
Ignoring the glances of the man behind the counter, Ruby picked up her phone in a vain attempt to seem like she, too, had someone to talk to. But no, not even a work email. She had nothing to stop her just watching the way he kept pacing back and forth outside. He was smiling a smile she hadn’t seen him wear before; it looked as though he was indulging someone.
Cursing at the chilled floorboards under her feet, Ruby braved getting out of the bed and, hugging herself, made her way over to the boiler, which, charmingly, was hidden behind a cupboard door in the bedroom.
Cas not loving him back? That wasn’t part of a world Dean could understand. There was no managing that.
“Some of us might,” Rufus muttered, and a few of the twitchiest of Cas’s team of biologists seemed in agreement with this.
Pretty sure she was exhibiting no other signs of a stroke, Ruby padded down the tiny wooden staircase and down into the kitchen where Sam, fully clothed once more, seemed to be attempting to make a full English breakfast. And burning all of it.
“Did you leave him alone up there?” Sam asked, only processing after that Cas had clearly been crying.
And besides, Cas didn’t seem all that into public displays these days, and Dean was fine with that. Through the days he put himself back into danger because that was where he felt most comfortable these days, and during the nights, he’d usually get Cas to himself.
“See that everyone’s looking… festive over here,” Crowley said as he joined the group, briefly raising his glass.
Michael pressed in close and pushed Dean effortlessly up against the side of the building, pinning his neck with his forearm effortlessly. “I do try and let my patients leave on a high note.”
As Dean switched on the laptop it made the weirdest sputtering noise, and sparked in his hands. Dean didn’t drop it, but he came close. “What the
Something about her face softened then, and Cas had often wondered later what his sister would have said to him next. But in the end, he didn’t get the chance to find out.
“Don’t you dare finish that hand gesture,” Cas said sternly. “But yes. Along with everything we’d be into. Likes, dislikes.”
“The other one. He gave me a speech, about why I should remember my lost days. Are you planning on doing the same? Because all it’s going to do is waste time you should have been spending running. When my family catch up to us, and they find you?” Dean smiled, his elongated canines flashing brightly in the dim light.
“We did.” Cas sat down on his coat, barely bothering to keep himself dry. “Sam thinks I should speak to you. But I’m  -”
“You should sleep, Sam,” Cas said firmly. Dean would have room to feel grateful that someone had been clearly looking out for his little brother on this dumbass rescue mission, but right now he only had room for something uglier, that felt very like jealousy. He’d gone, and the people he’d cared about had pulled ranks to support each other. How sweet.
Later, Anna smashed it to pieces with her sword. Cas felt nothing as he watched her do it, but it felt good to hold her afterwards as she sobbed. He had missed hugging her.
Sam laughed. “Yeah, it’s uh… really a weekend off for me. But yeah. If you’re still in town, you should come along and join us.”
But Dean did. And for a moment back there, Sam had been almost certain that he’d hesitated before he’d sprung at him.
He was also very aware that he didn’t know Cas all that well. He knew that he was a good scientist, that his family had money, that he cared about Dean - possibly as much as Sam did - and that he worked well in a team, not balking at anything the outside world had to show them.
Sam had told Eileen he was worried about his brother, but that was all. Apparently, that was enough for her to start worrying about Dean herself, as Sam found the second night of her visit, when he woke up to an empty space beside him in the bed. Funny, how quickly he was getting used to having someone there.
two bed apartment would not pass any office risk assessment. “There’s not room for us both to stay set up here.”
“Alright,” Dean said, falling back into the director role he’d apparently stumbled into, “we didn’t ever block the camera too badly last time, but we need to make sure we’re thinking about it at all times The lube’s here, the condoms are here,” he added, pointing to the coffee table, next to where they had the camera posed. “I’m wearing the plug already. Anything else?”
“I mean, they came from a few shops so it might take some time, but I can start getting them returned today -”
Sam stared up at the church, or chapel, really, in silence. “You’re right. Keep a perimeter outside. But it looks quiet, and it’s still daylight. I’m going in, but no one else needs to follow.”
Then she changed into real clothes and tried to force herself into productivity by sitting down by her laptop, exactly where she’d been when Sam barged in on her lonely drunken evening. Looking up flights.
Bobby was the one who suggested they leave in the end, and that put an end to the fantasy someone was going to arrive and find them. His home was still well stocked, with a generator that wouldn’t be going out any time soon, but Bobby was insistent, and so, when he came around to the idea, was Sam. They couldn’t just sit there wasting away, wondering what was happening to the rest of the world.
Prepared for Cas walking out of his building’s door, Dean had posed himself accordingly, leaning on the car with his jacket tastefully covering the parts of himself he felt he’d rather disguise and his sunglasses tipped just so down his nose. But watching the very cool composer Cas Milton almost drop his keys as he tried wandering down the steps towards Dean made it difficult to keep the straight face he’d been wearing.
And then he was on the ground. There were leg spasms, and a lot of blood. Dean couldn’t see the head from where he sat. He vaguely hoped that he wouldn’t have been able to force a last unbearable smile in there at the end.
“Why don’t you own any fresh food?” Cas asked, his face much closer than he liked to the inside of their fridge, which hadn’t been cleaned up since the last time their landlord had made an appearance.
Later, Dean liked to pretend when people asked him about it that he could barely remember that time in his life, that it had all merged together in an endlessly traumatic nightmare. The important part was that they survived.
After giving in to the terrible impulse to flick his eyes up at the empty ceiling above him, Sam breathed out slowly and swung his legs out of the bed. Assuming a nightmare might have woken her up, he wandered along to the kitchen, knowing now that it was her habit to sit with a hot drink when she wasn’t able to sleep. He’d be happy to join her.
so obviously these last few weeks have FULLY turned my brain to mush, so i'm afraid any spelling mistakes or general inconsistencies are not really my fault.
Dean smiled more around Eileen than he had with weeks of just Sam and the dog, but he didn’t even muster up a single bad joke about Eileen staying in Sam’s room for most of the weekend, so he wasn’t fooling Sam. But it did ease the stress a little. They’d still barely spoken, other than one blazing argument about going out on another hunt, which Dean had found and Sam refused. The argument had started when Sam said he wasn’t going to let Dean go either, since he still wasn’t convinced Dean hadn’t gotten himself impaled partly on purpose.
“Damn right you’ve not,” Dean muttered, almost sounding like himself for a moment. “But my people don’t live inside the walls.”
Sam sighed. “…I’m not sure. But I might try…” he trailed off thinking. “You think you could keep Dean busy for a bit today?”
The rest of that term was filled with the hardest academic challenges of Dean’s life, but the stress didn’t even touch him. It was glorious weather, he was good at what he was doing, and he was in love with his best friend. He hadn’t told him that yet – he wasn’t a complete dumbass – but everyone else noticed. Bobby told him he was smiling too damn much. Sam skyped home and asked what gotten into him lately. And Dean never said anything, even if it was all he was able to think about. That was a whole load of difficult conversations he probably wasn’t ready for yet. But when Cas left for the summer – to go home to the family Dean had still never met any of – Dean promised himself that he’d be ready to talk to his family, to Cas.
“It’s a hard thing to consider for you, being forgotten,” Castiel said softly. “But sometimes it’s a kinder thing than being wrongly remembered.”
Dean wished that he still had anything left in his coffee cup. Now having nothing left to do with his hands he plunged them into his pockets, and tried to encourage himself into moving forwards. Before he was able to though he saw Rufus Turner was around his home, a bucket and a large gardening hoe in his hands.
Smiling encouragingly, Cas gestured at their empty plates. “It seems like he missed out on some stellar cooking.” He started to stand up, picking up the plates. “I think I get it now.”
Mostly because the guy who sat next to him in astronomy had a dumb-ass three syllable name, a painfully dry sense of humour and a head of hair that always made him look like he’d just rolled out of someone else’s bed.
“I don’t know who’s here for them, for me, but if you let Sam kill himself trying to stop them I’ll never forgive you.”
Of the several hundred theories Dean had heard before lunch, almost none of them were monsters. Apparently the guy had plausible enemies.
“Nah, I think we’ve graduated to a finer vintage this year. They know they can afford it now the Christmas sales numbers are in.”
Dean raised his eyebrows, and looked over at the angel, aware this might be something useful to know.
No, it actually felt almost nice, having someone to talk to. He realised that with Sam so busy and Cas… gone, that the only friends he had were his team, and he couldn’t not be strong for them. Not with their safety, their lives in his hands.
This was no sickness, this was his deal catching up with him, it had to be. No lasting harm, he’d said. How could this kind of pain not lead to lasting harm? What the hell was happening to him?
“Touché.” Dean waited a beat. “Well Dad wasn’t much for cooking either. He and Mom split when I was twelve, but he’d left or been kicked out a bunch of times before then.”
Cas could feel his face straining – he wasn’t used to smiling this widely for this long. “I think you’re still drunk.”
On autopilot, Dean picked up his phone and scrolled back to the last email he’d had through from Arthur that he’d spent a day wondering how to reply to. He’d sent Dean over the manuscript for his novel, asking for Dean’s opinions. Because he still
“Benny Lafitte. You used to have a cooking channel.” Sam fought to conjure a smile that would channel one of Dean’s. “Your noodle recipes got me through college.”
Jo would look after the team. Benny would keep looking after their family – and they’d all been fine before Dean had shown up, before Benny had made the insane decision to turn Dean instead of eating him.
Cas shook his head, seeming amused. Then a child appeared by the angel’s side of the cage and he stilled. The little girl – who couldn’t have been more than eight – held up a hand as she stared up at Cas in awe. Dean wasn’t surprised. Their show had run for three nights in a row wherever this place was, and Cas had got himself quite the reputation at Dean’s expense. He still felt like his ankle was clicking funny from the way he’d been thrown across the stage the night before.
But Dean was there, stroking a thumb up and down Cas’s chin. “Look, if this is it? If this really has to be the thing that takes you away from me… I want to make it good, Cas. I wanna make this worth it.” Dean smiled and forced an expression that was painfully familiar to Cas. He’d slipped into survival mode, and was deep, deep in the comfort of his own denial. He would get through this happily, and then breakdown when he knew it was safe to do that. But, if this worked, Cas wouldn’t be there to help him with that. “And then even if it doesn’t work, at least we’ve still had fun, right? Since it took us this long to sort our shit out we need something to show for it.”
It was probably far too late on in life to start making healthy decisions, he thought, and for some reason the way Cas had looked at him earlier came to mind.
Fighting the weird urge to grab hold of Cas’s hand, Dean decided to finally pick up some initiative and walked forwards, waving only an inch less awkwardly than he knew his brother would. “Hey, how’s it going?”
“We both know that to defend you, her baby brother, our sister would do anything, ruin any slim chance of happiness she had. And you would need defending if you saw how ugly I could make life for your little human suitor.” Michael’s smile widened, but it seemed to be one of genuine sympathy. “We’re neither of us the paladins Anna would have wished for in kin, are we? I do what I do for my own comfort, and for the preservation of my family, for the dedication to our holy mission. And, much as you ty to preach to me about morality, Castiel, we both know that your change of heart came from romance, not any new understanding of right and wrong.” Michael stood to put a hand on Cas’s shoulder, ignoring that Cas was physically shaking with rage. “Try thinking of others for a moment, would you?”
Something about the fondness that had crept back into the angel’s eyes again recently was… difficult to look at, so Dean turned his face back to his burgeoning chilli. Then he snapped his fingers, still not looking up. “I’ve got it. Gunner.”
“I’m afraid that’s exactly what it means. This is now officially a John Denver appreciating household.”
Carefully, he pulled her closer, stroking the loose strands of her hair back behind her ears. “I wouldn’t dare.”
Cas nodded and kept his eyes scanning their route ahead. He was responsible for their small team of a dozen people being out there in the first place, and now they were right in the centre of the place where Dean’s last voice message had come in from. If anything happened to any of them now, it was going to be on him. He knew that for himself he had little to fear, but the rest of them…
Raising his eyebrows, Dean craned his neck, trying to read Cas’s writing on the pad. “Wait is this like a contract? Like a Fifty Shades Contract?”
Mostly, the smarmy, aggravating son of a bitch was probably Dean’s closest friend, and knowing that only depressed Dean about half of the time.
a rebound. Your ex cheating on you with a mutual friend messes a person up. And I think we’ve both been drinking. So… I’m just thinking we should just go ahead and have sex. If you’d be into that.”
For the millionth time since he’d met Sam on that bridge, Dean wondered if that was something he should be prompting. Or hey, maybe old married Sam was wrong and time had healed a few wounds. Maybe Cas had finally decided he didn’t need to see him anymore –
“I’m sure I read that somewhere… point is, he might not appreciate the Hallmark movie speech if that’s what you were planning to pin all this on.”
Cas lifted his head only to thunk it back against the headboard. “It’s too early in the relationship to scare you off with that. You’ve not seen me play yet.”
Sam pointed a finger in his friend’s face. “And this is why we need to stop coming out to this place especially. No one likes it when you get all nostalgic like this, man.”
“To answer your question… no And I think that the sort of person who stays out here in that is the sort of person who wants to be left alone.”
i want to promise that i'll have this all completed soon but i really don't know what 15x20s going to do to my regressing brain so absolutely no promises i am sorry
“You hear something out there?” Cas asked, leaving down the plates of food he’d come in with just close enough for the children to reach.
Dean shrugged. “Yeah, I mean less than we see Mom, but nobody cut ties or anything. We catch a ball game or a wrestling match together about twice a year. It’s just kinda weird, he’s got his new family, and they’re happy.”
“Well you were meant to be a vessel for the Archangel Michael,” Cas continued, as casually as he would when discussing the weather. “This was especially important so that his prophesised, world-ending battle with his banished brother Lucifer could take place, and the Earth would be remade as the victor’s vision of it.”
When he got to Mythologies, his mood had lifted. Cas was in his usual seat next to Charlie, saving Dean’s with that stupid trenchcoat he always seemed to insist on wearing. Cas moved the coat for Dean to sit and flashed him with a shy smile. “Hello, Dean.”
“Wow, Sammy. I don’t blame you, I’d probably try and kick her ass too. But what does this have to do with a girlfriend?”
“Cas, looking good as always.” Dean winked at him. To the untrained ear, it sounded like flirting but for Dean it was a normal greeting...mostly. “Charlie, still a ray of terrifying sunshine, I see.”
“Thanks,” Cas took the candy and quickly chewed and swallowed before they entered the room. Professor MacLeod had a strict no food, drink, or gum policy. They went into the room and took their usual spot in the corner. Usually their lab tables were empty, but this time there were a tray of tools and a packet on each station. Dean slid the tools to his side and handed Cas the packet. He then grabbed a few folders from his backpack and made a small wall between the two of them and blocking the table in front of them from Cas’s view.
-a "ray of terrifying sunshine" is what my friend calls me whenever I'm in my 'do no harm but take no shit' mood
“Hey Cas, wait.” Dean grabbed his arm. “We have that test Wednesday. Are you free tomorrow to study together?”
Cas held the two boxes like they were made of precious jewels. “Dean, you didn’t have to...Thank you.” He said knowing Dean would just shrug off any protests Cas made.
“Awesome, how about I get the dishwasher started and you can go set it up?” Cas grabbed the remaining dishes from the table.
In all seriousness, sorry for the delay. I got very busy with my summer job and it was a really toxic situation that made me feel all kinds of depressed. Then school started up again and that took a lot of focus. Also I'm in the midst of writing, directing, and starring in a sketch show with my friends. YAY LIVE PERFORMANCE! Anywoo, enough excuses. I actually had most of this chapter finished before I disappeared, so I finished it up and am posting it without a second proofread. The mistakes are all my own.
The system they set up worked. Cas hid behind the folder wall, shakily reading the steps to Dean. Dean grimaced his way through the actions while relaying answers to the questions in the packet. When they got to finding the specimen’s reproductive organs, Dean let out a gasp. Their rat had been pregnant at the time of her unfortunate death. When Cas asked what the gasp was for, Dean lied and said the smell was getting to him. Dean wanted to cry, but he really didn’t want to unset Cas, knowing how his friend feels about animals and animal suffering. Eventually, they got through all the steps and Dean was able to bring the tray back up to Professor MacLeod for inspection that the dissection was complete and the little tags he had to place were correct. She nodded at him, made a note in her grade book and placed the mutilated animal into a disposal unit. Dean then washed his hands vigorously, even though he had been wearing gloves. When he got back to the table, he adjusted the folders so they only blocked the other tables, but no longer separated him from Cas. They then worked together on the rest of the packet questions. The last page was for them to write a paragraph on what they observed. Dean took over from there, even though his handwriting wasn’t great. But he wrote about the pregnancy of their rat and the similarities to human organs. Cas quietly put his head down and waited as Dean silently finished writing and then turned in their packet.
Slowly, Dean breathed out. Then he restarted the car. “’m fine, Sammy,” he said, chilling Sam to the bone. Because he hadn’t been so sure in years that Dean was nowhere approaching “fine”.
It was getting dark when he eventually made it back, and wandered through what had once been security queues. Not sure if Cas was in range for hearing him yet, Dean nevertheless thought hard about the phrase
They sat in silence for a moment, but Jack couldn’t keep to that for long. Craning his neck over Dean’s shoulder he spied a photo of Cas. Well, of all three of them - Bobby had taken it, without telling them. It was back when the apocalypse was looming and Cas was learning humanity the hard way. But he looked as happy as Dean had ever really seen him in this shot of their backs as they all piled into the car.
“Dogs, angels, and a good portion of humans don’t care as much about gendering words as you do, Dean,” Cas said, sterner now as he continued to stare at the dog, as though inviting it to share its thoughts with them. The dog, who was definitely not a Balthazar or a Hannah if Dean had any say at all, stared back and did not share.
“Research went… ok. But I still don’t really get what the most popular videos are doing other than good camerawork and the possession of athletic bodies.”
But Benny hadn’t been there the second time. It had just been the two of them. And Dean had prayed – he’d got down on his knees and poured his heart out. But he hadn’t said everything.
Crowley shook his head. “I think you’ve been through too many world-ending events. I think it’s messed with your little brain and now you don’t know how to be happy. Last time I saw you relax you were a demon.”
It was kinda fun. Knowing he had nothing to live for and that they were going to get him sooner or later, but that he was
Now Dean wanted to drop the laptop. The voice almost sounded familiar… but not. It sounded like a kid talking.
The other monsters’ eyes skittered back to each other. They understood, they’d heard the order in it, but they were hungry. Then, as one, they leapt towards Cas. Instinctively Dean rushed towards them with a growl but stopped in his tracks as he heard Cas scream, “Close your eyes, Dean!”
Dean tightened his grip on the photos. “Didn’t you figure that all out when you were controlling his mind?”
It was really, actually dumb, but Ruby decided to choose that moment to crane her neck up and kiss him, laptop still perched on her knee. ‘Choose that moment’ – why was she choosing any moment?
The day before, the idea of fighting an angel, fighting Cas, had seemed the easiest and most amusing part of the whole shitty deal. It wasn’t like he hadn’t believed Cas when he’d heard what he was, but Cas was still just his strange, kooky cellmate. And angels were far off fairy creatures there to watch over you, not hunt you down. Out of options, Dean bared his teeth, knowing that had to be a sight.
“If you get in the car and find out, sure,” Dean said, looking up to check he wasn’t pushing this, but to his relief saw a puzzled smile tugging up the corners of Cas’s lips as he climbed into the other side of the car.
he looks pretty when he sleeps, did I remember to take my make-up off – and found that the answers to all were mundane enough to satisfy her (bar the make-up issues because that definitely wasn’t just sleep clogging the corners of her eye) she sat up. The light which made her wince was pouring in through the uncovered window facing the bed told her that it had to be at least mid-morning – the sun didn’t seem to come out much here in the morning, not in winters.
Some glint of the terrifying fighting machine Dean knew the angel to be on stage appeared in his eyes, like he was furious any human could demand anything of him. Then it died away again, and Cas just seemed like his usual self: vaguely depressed. “You know that this isn’t my body.”
He shrugged his shoulders and felt Benny’s hand clamp one of them back down with the weight of an open hand. “It’s nothing. We’ll just call you the new guy.”
“Not to let you stray from it unless it was a special emergency. …and this is definitely a special emergency,” Charlie added, unprompted.
,” Dean growled. Then the anger, the energy, that had briefly possessed him seemed to leave, and he looked lost again.
To turn the Device on took sacrifice. At each seven locations around the world, simultaneously, an angel was dying to make the end come. Cas wasn’t well-versed enough in his family teachings to know if they all had to die in the same manner, but his mother died by having her throat slit over the small, glowing golden sphere. It looked beautiful even as it seemed to ingest the outpouring of blood and then burst out a flash of white light which covered the whole room.
And Cas doubted that Sam’s personality of restraint would stretch to still treating him so well if he knew how much the fault of that rested with him.
Michael had accused Cas once of never finding a moral high ground like Anna – he’d said that his change of heart didn’t count in the same way, because he’d just found something – some
– house, and though he could see the car was in the driveway, it took a long while of buzzing before Dean managed a “shit, sorry,” and buzzed him in.
thing. They’d both clearly enjoyed themselves, they were going to have rent money, and they’d finished the bulk of the work on something they’d worked hard on.
Even in a committed (ha!) relationship with Lilith, Ruby had been known as an ice queen. She’d been aware it wasn’t making her happy but did have a kind of pride in it. She didn’t cry, and definitely not for an audience, and she didn’t soften easily for anything. Charlie used to go through a faze of counting the amount of times Ruby genuinely would express an emotion without sarcasm.
Blinking, Dean looked around. He was still alone in the car - whatever it was that was trying to talk to him wasn’t showing itself. Actually, it kinda sounded like it had come from the car radio…
Some of those Sam had been able to guess at. He might not have been home for most of it, but he could remember so clearly how happy Dean had been that last year before everything started to fall apart. When he’d dug up those old photos, everything had started clicking into place. The best friend of Dean’s who’d featured in so many stories until he didn’t. Bobby rolling his eyes on a skype call, implying that everyone was getting some these days. The name that had come up on more than a few late nights of drinking something questionable in wastelands just like this one – as the source of wise quip, as someone slipped briefly into lists of regrets, or things to search for. Back when it had just been the two of them and surely no reason left to hold onto any privacy.
At least, Dean assumed this was Rufus Turner. He’d aged significantly since his last TV interview and the frown lines on this forehead had increased tenfold.
He’d trained half the guards on the wall. None of them questioned why Dean Winchester, hero survivor of the outside world and leader of the most successful ranger team the compound had, wanted to head out into the wastes alone so early in the morning. The winds were up, so though Dean thought he heard them shout in concern when he marched straight forwards, he couldn’t be sure.
He was a moment away from passing out when he smelled the blood. He knew instantly that’s what it was in the same way that he’d never really seen an elephant in person but he sure would know one if he ran into one. And he knew he was going to have to drink the blood if he wanted to live. It was hard to remember if he did or not, but it really really was hard to make yourself drown.
who you are this whole trip. And you look after people even though you keep yourself back from us. And you love my brother. I know it can’t have been an easy choice – doing, doing what you did, earlier. But you did it because he asked you, right? And then you stopped when he asked that too, huh?”
As Cas kept a sharp eye on all the members of Dean’s ‘family’ still watching his human friends hungrily, Anna moved away from them again. Whatever they’d been saying to each other she seemed thoughtful and they looked… unsure. She’d always had that effect on people.
“Don’t you dare give me that. I still don’t know what the fuck you are, but you’re strong. You can keep safe – keep them all safe.” Nothing in Dean’s voice presented a question. This was a demand, an expectation.
Sam shook his head, feeling seconds away from bawling like a small child. “The others. Your new family.”
Ruby froze, convinced, even with the knocking, or bashing, on the door that this was her imagining the wind saying something as it bashed into the house - since she
“This was Mom’s favourite album,” Dean said, leaning back in his seat. “I… I always knew she was gonna be in a good mood if I could hear her belting out
He could hide in the book carts. Right. It was gonna be dark, and he could totally be sly when he wanted to be. Then he’d just chill there until the real live non-ninja guards were gone and get back to his PC. Hopefully he’d have finished with the work within a couple of hours, then keep awake till morning by finding out how prejudiced the college computers were against porn sites. And not to mention clearing the coffee vending machines. Or he could just get some sleep on the couches back in the coffee shop. For once it wasn’t like anyone was around to take up all the space.
Carefully, Ruby picked up another chip. They definitely weren’t fries, that didn’t fit, they were far too fat, too squishy. She was pretty sure she liked them, but she was very sure that they were exactly what she needed.
Cas closed his eyes briefly and imagined the idea of being entirely alone with his beautiful, aggravating roommate and their eternally failing wi-fi connection for the next two weeks. Why couldn’t their building have at least allowed for cats? A cat, Cas was sure, would make things better. “You’re not going anywhere, Dean.”
“Cas. Y’know…” Dean swallowed and Cas wanted to look away. Cas had literally watched the Tower of Babel fall and had found it less excruciating.
Dean started the car, nodding along like he was listening. Cas was busy, Cas had places to be. He’d heard that before.
Suddenly, Cas was right there next to Dean again. He was fast, too, when he chose to be. “You never had a therapist.”
It shouldn’t have made Cas feel all the mythical warm and fuzziness of the season just have this new acquaintance smiling at his idle musings.
“Nothing. It’s just…” Dean took one last look around. Fully powered Cas had been able to spy on them unseen, once upon a time. Did he see anything worth watching here? “I had some things I wanted to tell him.”
Thirty seconds in one of their rickety dining chairs and Dean was already endangering it’s structure by leaning right back in it. They were definitely never getting their deposit back. “What if it was- ”
“I know, but I also know that they’re going to make some of the people get married, and that seems cruel when its so obvious that none of these marriages are going to work.”
As careful as Dean tried to be, the sound of her head laying down on the bench made a horrible thunking sound – just dead weight hitting metal.
“Well it’s not any better in yours.” Dean set his now empty bag of M&Ms down on the kitchen counter. “What about the couch?”
“Didn’t realise how fast you could move,” Sam said, referring assumedly to Cas and Anna’s rapid exit from Michael’s study the moment they’d heard Dean and Michael’s voices coming through on the radio.
When he was as nude as Dean, Cas sat up on the end arm of the chair, still feeling overwhelmed. Dean was definitely enjoying laying himself out like a feast for Cas to appreciate.
They hadn’t lost Dean until he walked himself out the compound gates, alone, because he’d believed he was already a killer, a monster, a lost cause. But he’d still been human then.
“You know, Cas…” Sam paused for a moment, considering whether it was worth continuing. “We’re so close now. Don’t you think you could… maybe be straight with me now?”
Refusing to catch his brother’s eye, Dean through up his hands and left the room. “Alright, Sam’s leaving now.”
They all looked uneasy about which way to face, but eventually the closest one to Dean got brave enough to start inching its way towards him. At that insult, Cas’s eyes flared meaningfully to life.
Even this – them all being aware of him being there with them – was so much harder than the weeks he’d spent as a dog, allowing his form to inform his motions and actions and needs. He’d been able to love them in an easier, more basic way, and had mostly kept himself from listening too closely to their words. Tone was easier to grasp. And actions. They’d fed him, he loved them. Something wanted to hurt Dean and he couldn’t let that happen.
, Dean wanted to tell someone, but since the only someone around was the man himself he succeeding in swallowing that. “I mean I also do music… sort of. Not like you.”
“Yeah, you better run,” he muttered, mostly for his own benefit. Then he turned to Cas, who was slumped down in the corner.
“Suffice to say, I’m not exactly filming ready yet,” Cas grumbled, touch his fingertips to his painfully throbbing neck glands.
“Don’t worry about Dean,” Cas said aloud. “He thinks that someone always needs to be the grumpy one in a room. More bark than bite.”
Human mythology was filled with grand tales of what happened when his people fell in love with humans. Beautiful stories of tragedy, usually, which depicted the angels as gods, or monsters, or some other unknowable force. They usually became captivated out of some quality in their chosen human – by their supernatural ability to play an instrument; their great prowess in battle.
It was when they stopped that night that Dean finally got to meet a few of his fellow prisoner-performers outside the one sharing his cage.
.” He shook his head, mouth almost tempted into a smile. “But none of them expected you binding your body to an entirely different form of magic. Michael couldn’t have you now.”
“I know – I’ve… I went and saw you, alright? When you used to have that busy slot along at that pseudo-Irish pub. Dragged Sammy along with me one night, and he’s never shut up about it since. Kept trying to get me to ask you out. Fuck, he’s gonna be so annoying about this.”
left under the doormat) and venturing out to get food and alcohol (which neither the weather or the shops made her feel confident about trying again) Ruby had at least started feeling fond of the house.
Sam shook his head, not needing to hesitate. “I think so. There’s a lot of people that have died that I – that I would like to bring back…” Sam paused. Something about the way that Eileen needed to see clearly what he was saying made him have to decide more about what he wanted to say before he said it. He liked the way it made him think. “But I don’t think there’s anyone I would have brought back over you.”
Dean turned, ready to give Cas a smile or a wink even if he wasn’t able to wave – just to convince himself that this was all a joke, a ploy to fool the punters, right?
“You said I don’t get a choice. Well, I’ve heard that a lot before. My family’s been telling me that my whole life. But they’re gone now. And I’m choosing you.”
It wasn’t even all grief driving him to stand to his feet – some of this feeling was rage, Sam knew, recognising that fire in him like an old enemy, an old friend. Dean had looked almost peaceful, almost accepting of it all.
Inside the bunker, Dean’s words echoed uncomfortably loud. “Well. I guess I’m half a civilian now. You don’t need to tell me the management decisions.”
As Dean walked off to go hunting for his jacket, Cas leaned down on the spot he’d just vacated. All day he couldn’t stop the happy nerves building up inside of him. It didn’t even have that much to do with the sex – it didn’t
when Cas was trying to concentrate on a song in his room. He would leave food in the fridge out of laziness, and then, apparently, fear, leaving Cas to throw out the remains of whatever it had been weeks later.
Still trying not make much of a noise, Cas let his head thunk back on the doorframe. He had no idea who Dean was on the phone to, but he had a very good idea who and what he was referring to.
I am gonna try updating this every day that I am also stuck inside, but every chapter should be a lot longer than this one and I'm really good at lying to myself so let's see how that goes.
As Dean worked on the truck they fell into a new routine. Cas would spend the day scavenging, and the other part of the day watching Dean work. He’d attempted to help out the second day when Dean had left to hunt, but Dean had warned him off with a few withering insults about his competency that had only been partly a joke. In the nights they usually slept in the first class lounge, but that got boring, so they moved around.
Dean continued to squint at his phone like it had a large, tropical bug crawling over it. “Bela’s texting me again.” He frowned. “Lockdown must be getting to her…”
…But it still took them a surprisingly long time to get to the Broughty Ferry side of town where she’d be staying, by which time she was only just resisting the urge to bash her head against the door of the cab. Like, sure, this part was looking at least a little cleaner, but it had all gotten so fucking dark so fast. Literally. It literally looked like the middle of the night out there and it wasn’t even 4pm yet.
Cas started moving, and at first Dean thought Cas was coming towards him, but instead he was paying attention to the water as he started walking along the beach. Dean kept pace and watched Cas’s expression remain peaceful.
It wasn’t exactly a surprise, but being left alone again did threaten to spoil the good mood that Cas was inexplicably still in. This part of the country, with real rivers, real mountains, still had its own kind of beauty. And Cas could finally stop pretending that his priority was anything but being there for Dean, whether Dean could accept that or not. And it had stopped raining.
When Dean woke up he was too weak to talk, so Sam didn’t make him. Later, when they made it home, he just didn’t feel like it, and Sam, to his credit, didn’t push. Not yet.
working with him for the foreseeable future was like looking at the bottom of a very deep well that he’d just been thrown down. Though unfortunately, in this instance, Dean was completely right. Cas was screwed. He’d barely started to get his shows off the ground and now, well,
Cas shrugged. Someone broke his soul, that was what Charlie figured. Dean thought he could understand that a little better now. Because this was a guy, a creature, a force of nature, who really could be anything, do anything, and there he was, sharing a cage on wheels and performing in overhyped dog fights.
His cheeks always crinkled when he smiled, and all she wanted to do was to be able to make him laugh again.
The bad guy might be dead, Dean thought as his eyes slid to Anna dropping the top half to Michael’s body, tears starting to well in her eyes, but he wasn’t the good guy who could celebrate that, not anymore.
He’d been wrong. This wasn’t the secret to ultimate happiness - this was the absolute worst thing he’d ever endured. Maybe Dean meant what he was going to say and maybe he didn’t, but either way it clearly wasn’t something he was ready to commit to. He was just saying it to make Cas leave for the
Of course, when Cas actually got the clamps on Dean clearly had to hold himself back from spewing a lot of interesting profanities for the camera.
“Look, if we want to do this well, we have to look into what’s successful on the same site. This one has some of the highest number of hits for a video containing two men, and I’m trying to figure out what’s working for them.”
The ringmaster leaned forward, and his position on the step meant that he was able to look Dean straight in the eye. “We both know that your ‘people’ consist of an absent, abusive father and a teenager planning on crossing the country and becoming very busy very soon. And you’re not the first hunter in my collection, oh no. I’ve been in this game a very long time, and the show must go on, because it has
Not because they got to walk out of their cages and socialise or anything civilised like that, but he and Castiel’s cages were put out next to two other carts that, while very clearly cages, were not anything like their one.
lining the streets outside his window and most bizarre of all there wasn’t a single cloud in the sky today despite the famous smog he’d been told to expect. Dean couldn’t remember the last time he’d seen one of those. That just did not get to happen back home, ever. Especially not with Christmas jingles being blasted from the radio.
Cas had not been keeping track, but it was a long time before he was rescued. Anna woke him up in the middle of the night, having already killed their cousins guarding his door, with a hardened grin on her face. She looked like the avenging angel Cas had grown up believing they all were, angelic sword held in loose grip, her long red hair framing her blood-spattered face.
Cas shrugged. “Half of it was selfish, I’ll admit. You might not have made it your profession as Dean did, but the two of you have well-earned reputations for unlikely survival.”
It was only marginally less weird, thinking about killing and sex – things he’d had no issue linking in his head before – when he wasn’t anywhere near Cas.
“I’m so sorry for not saying sooner. My name’s Michael.” He smiled, like he was saying something as self-explanatory as “Rihanna”. “Never quite got that doctorate, but I do have a lot of experience in my field – Michael Milton at your service.”
“Dean,” Sam said, his tears dripping messily into his mouth as he pulled him close. Because he could do that. Dean wasn’t a wall ornament anymore, and as he reached for the source of the phantom pain in his side he found that though his shirt was ripped and wet he wasn’t even bleeding anymore.
Dean read the text over a couple of times, starting to nod his head slowly in consideration. He really had been joking. But now Sam had given him this as a challenge…
His brain had just about had enough of a chance to catch up enough to allow his mouth to reciprocate when Dean started pushing his hand not stroking Cas’s chin up through his hair, massaging Cas’s head with long, certain fingers.
He’d honestly expected to flee, after. They’d said things wouldn’t get weird, but how couldn’t they?
“I love you too. And even when you’re being insufferable, I think you’re incredible. I have from the first.”
An arm now followed Dean’s head to snake out of the covers. “They sent an email,” he said, arm flailing.
Jack – but when Rowena was trying to get us into that vet’s office and she made Jack look like a dog…” He scratched the back of his head, inching away from them. “I just figured it was wishful thinking.”
“Your name is Dean Winchester. You are four years older than me, and when you were – when you were little, you wanted to be just like our Dad. You loved old cowboy films and bad slasher movies, but if the TV was left on you’d usually rather watch soap operas. When our parents died and we moved in with our Uncle Bobby you sorta stopped talking to me, tried acting tough all the time. Then you bet me a whole bag of marshmallows that I wouldn’t be able to jump from the roof of Bobby’s old truck down into the broken open-top corvette that you’d pushed over next to it. I broke three ribs and dislocated my collarbone. And then when I woke up the next day you’d been crying and you said -”
Feeling as physically sick as his brother was starting to look, Dean tried his best to shake off the regret. It didn’t fit with who he was anymore. “Well it doesn’t matter what I was then – I’m a monster now, we know that.”
This one's arriving a little later since I managed to delete the note I had for most of it on my ipod like a really sensible person and was too frustrated by this to do anything about it until today...
Afraid to sleep that night, Dean went for a walk. He’d had to pull all nighters hundreds of times before, and it was a warm night. He’d be fine.
As Cas knelt down, straddling Dean’s body, he laid his hand down deliberately in the remains of the body beside them. Guessing from the smile tugging at the edge of Cas’s neck what the angel’s next move would be, Dean opened his mouth obediently in time to feel the bloody fingers plunging deliciously into the back of his mouth.
“What happened to Victor?” Dean narrowed his eyes, only half-joking when he looked at Cas and asked, “did you kill him too?”
“Well, we’re not going anywhere,” he heard Cas say. Sam avoided the looks of the rest of his team as he put out a hand to stop Cas from moving any closer to Dean. He still wasn’t sure he understood all of Cas’s motivations for being out there, but he sensed he was about a hairsbreadth away from snapping and things were already far too tense for Sam to allow that to happen.
They talked some more after Dean stopped the car, and then Sam got out and walked away. Dean felt the ghostly fear that everyone was, again, leaving him, before he relaxed. They had all the time in the world, and maybe God was even on their side this time.
But now Dean was almost thirty, he had an entire home full of alcohol, and he might somehow have become the desperate office single, so he felt a little different about it these days.
And then Cas was there, standing over him in lab-coat and a beard, eyes wide like he was staring at a ghost.
He had fucking asked his girlfriend to marry him. He had. Dean had been forced to bear witness to the public evidence. And all this from a man Dean hadn’t officially dated for years…
Cas looked up from Sam’s laptop and smiled over at Dean, who’d been lying on the floor staring eye to eye with the dog for the last ten minutes. “Oh really?”
“Dean, this isn’t supposed to be about naming things we’ve tried, we just want to be able to figure out what will work for us both and look good on camera.”
“Jack,” Sam grinned and did what he’d been wishing he’d done when Jack had disappeared on them, and threw his arms around him. It probably wasn’t cool anymore, to crush god in a hug, but Sam hadn’t had a normal relationship with faith in a much longer than time than he’d last been in a church.
His voice was far from warmed up, but his self-consciousness over that faded quickly as he got to enjoy Dean shaking his head at him, eyes impossibly fond.
Cas only realised that an hour had passed when his phone finally lit up the room with Meg’s response:
Dean tilted his head to one side. “No… you don’t. But I guess it is nice to know that I was missed. But now you need to let me go. Or it’s about to get you all killed.”
Sam wrinkled his nose and smiled, looking a little suspicious. “That’s just the local chippy smell. But now this organic place we’re heading up to, I mean it Ruby it’s -”
For a moment, they both dropped the pretence of socialising and watched Dean and Benny together. Dean had managed to convince them not to attack the humans on sight, but Cas wasn’t sure where the conversation had gone since. Though it certainly had involved a lot of arm touching, as though reassuring themselves the other was still there.
Ruby knew that she’d made the right decision to head back home instead of following the cute boy who’d latched onto her all around his town the moment she slipped into her bath. (Dean’s bath). For the first time that day, she could forget about how cold it was
Sam shook his head, causing his overgrown fringe to flop down over his eyes. “Dean, I can’t take this money.
Not human children. That much was obvious. The eyes shone a strange purple and their canine teeth were elongated. And then one of them – the girl, who was a little older, at maybe seven or eight – made that horrible screeching noise again.
Sam laughed. “We definitely have those here. And I could definitely be interested in ordering one… if it’s not imposing?”
He shrugged. “I guess I can be? We get some pretty dicey stuff in since it’s internet based but… I enjoy it anyway. The company tends to give me a lot of freedom.”
“I’ve seen Kevin. And though Rowena’s not become any kind of saint she’s been cooperative with Jack in managing who should be where. Apparently she enjoys being “Favourite Auntie to the Big Man”.”
Lilith absolutely had, Ruby wasn’t a complete idiot. But then how much could you really ever know about a person after only one day?
glands didn’t swell up,” he told Anna and her girlfriend Ruby, currently in a skype bubble on his laptop screen. They were currently regarding him like he was starting to grow gills.
“They’re saying the writers for Game of Thrones are actually starting to show their face at conventions again. We could get them to apologise?”
“You’re safe, officer,” Charlie assured him. “Yeah, Bela’s a special case. She made a good argument for her limited freedoms.”
Dean choked out a laugh that sounded halfway to developing into a sob and Cas pulled him towards him, wrapping his arms around Dean’s whole body and clinging onto his shirt, resting his head in the familiar nook on Dean’s right shoulder.
There were a lot of things Dean wanted to say. He’d met his musical hero yesterday. But Singer and Turner were the blockbuster heirs to Hitchcock, and their movies had been Dean’s childhood. Whenever their Dad had been out late working, he and Sam would sit up too late gorging themselves on popcorn and candy, making their way through the whole collection of fun classic horrors. But then they’d grown up, Sam had moved out and it had been twenty years since Singer and Turner had made one of their movies together.
Besides, the natural weapons these purple-eyed monsters relied on seemed to be claws, and sharpened teeth. The dead bodies which had supposedly been Dean’s fault hadn’t been attacked in a way which would suggest that – their limbs had been torn off, but not eaten, suggesting both a restraint and a superhuman strength Sam hadn’t seen any evidence that this new version of Dean possessed.
It had been a long time since he’d had any information to confirm it, but he suspected they were somewhere in Southern Montana still. From all his wanderings, Dean found that everywhere seemed to look more and more like everywhere else these days. Maybe the Amazon would be different. He couldn’t remember the last time he’d seen more than two or three trees at a time.
A few moments later they watched the loading screen for the next episode start up and did nothing to stop it.
The man grunted, looking up at him critically but with something glinting in his eye that Dean couldn’t decide if it was a warning to back off or something like amusement.
Cas opened and closed his mouth, reminding Ruby a little of a fish. “Ok… first of all, I’m sorry to hear that, no I hadn’t heard already. Secondly, she’s not my cousin.
After the short struggle, they’d succeeded in restraining Dean and the two seemingly feral children and backing them against the altar. Sam didn’t know what would have happened if the others hadn’t followed inside at the sound of the struggle. Certainly both he and Cas had been too stunned at Dean’s appearance to have brought him down on their own. Now, whatever kind of monster he might be, Dean watched them with eyes darting around them watchfully but not fearfully, reminding Sam more than anything of a cat.
"Yep! Hit a growth spurt over the summer!" Sam is beaming as he say it, expression as happy as a puppy with a wagging tail.
Dean scrambles up and throws the pillow in his lap. "What the hell!" He sees Charlie brandishing the pillow from Cas's pallet and holds his hands up in surrender. "Uncle! Uncle, okay!?"
that he knows, rationally, isn’t really, fully about Balthazar in the end. He tries to convince himself that Balthazar sitting somewhere else for lunch without a word is not the same as his father dropping him off at his grandmother’s one day and then driving off. Mostly, he winds up succeeding. In the end, he doesn’t feel great, but he does feel less like throwing up and more like he can handle things in a mature manner.
Cas turns to go back into the library, but then stops to look at Dean over his shoulder. His smile sends Dean's heart to skipping beats. "Thank you for coming to talk to me this morning. I hated that we weren't talking."
It's about another two hours later when Anna texts him back saying, "not feeling well. Gonna stay in bed. sry."
Charlie swings her finger around to point at her girlfriend, beer sloshing loudly in the bottle. “This is a situation that necessitates repetition!” she exclaims. Then, almost as an after thought, she adds, “Also, there’s alcohol. Do you really expect me to maintain full use of my vocabulary?”
"The only reason I know who he is at all is because he texted me the next morning. We've been talking all weekend."
, for a long time now, but it isn’t a conversation he’s particularly raring to have. Still, though, his grandmother offers her comfort, unobtrusively and with dedication. She doesn’t hover but stays near by just in case he needs her, the only exception being the times when Anna comes over.
Friday comes quickly, the first week of school finally on its last day, and Cas couldn't be more grateful. Even barring the excessive amounts of personal drama, school itself has been exhausting. All the AP classes are already starting to wear on him just a week in, and Cas finds himself hoping he'll even manage to graduate at all. He should probably see if Anna wants to get together soon and study.
He assures Dean he will, which seems to please him, before exiting the car. As he always has, Dean waits until Cas is inside before driving off. When Cas closes the door behind him, he's sporting a huge grin.
Lowering the comic so that he can raise an eyebrow at his best friend, Dean says, "Dude, I seriously can't believe you're being such a nerd right now."
“Balthazar and I broke up Thursday, I just needed some time. I apologize for worrying you, though,” he says, and he’s still smiling at her, even if it’s taken on a more melancholic tone.
"Castiel Shurley." After a beat, he adds, "You look familiar." And she does, though not in the way someone from school might.
Another few seconds of awkward silence follow before Cas gathers his backpack from the footwell in front of him and opens the door.
"If you say so, beautiful. Now, about tomorrow, I was thinking we hit up that nature center, that sound good to you?"
“Don’t you dare bring him into this!” If words could cut, these particular ones would be Castiel’s holy weapon.
Ignoring his feelings for Cas, though, proves a little trickier. It helps some that most of their energy is spent on school and standardized tests these days, so even though he still sees the guy, they aren’t really doing much of anything to trip Dean up emotionally. Another added bonus is that even when Balthazar is there, Cas seems far more invested in the work than his boyfriend. Honestly, Dean almost feels a little bad for the guy in that regard, so much so that he even offers up some words of encouragement that this won’t last forever.
She cracks the door open and peeks in, like she doesn’t trust him to be fully decent, before opening the door completely. Cas has to fight the urge to roll his eyes.
He doesn’t want to bring it up, had tried to convince himself he wasn’t going to before he came down here, but as it was, after all, the catalyst for this, Castiel eventually breaks the silence by saying, “You didn’t pray to me.” It comes out much more accusatory than he means for it to, less accusatory than he feels about it, but more than he intended to let on.
Eventually, they part, and Dean doesn’t comment on the fact that Cas had obviously started crying at some point. They hold hands on the walk home, but it’s not out of a sense of romance, feeling more like when Dean would lead a small, unsure Cas around when they were kids - it’s grounding and it’s safe. They get home and change into pajamas, make hot chocolate and stay up late watching nonsense TV. It’s quiet and comfortable and right. Regardless of everything else, Cas is still his best friend, and that’s the most important part right now. Anything else can come later.
When he sits down to breakfast, it’s just him and Mom. He’s not sure where she sent Sam or what she told him, but he doesn’t hear him out in the living room anymore.
Mary clasps her hands in front of her on the table, looking at him with a mixture of concern and sternness. “Dean, you know I can’t promise that.”
Charlie goes on as though she never heard him. “Then there’s the mutual hand job in seventh. Yeah, that’s right, I know about that!”
Dean sighs in exhaustion. "What do you want me to say, Charlie? That my feelings were fucking hurt and I blew up? Well there, I said it."
That Friday finds Dean sitting on Cas's bed, reading comic books, while Cas researches different colleges online.
The look Charlie gives him is part pity, part disappointment. Dean’s voicemail plays back through his head with startling clarity.
Cas jumps when he feels a hand on his shoulder, turning to find Charlie looking at him sympathetically. "You okay, Cas?"
Cas can feels his hackles rising, but he does his best to keep the situation from escalating. This is, after all, part of what he didn’t want to happen. “I was unsure if you would want to see me,” he admits.
Awkward silence falls between them, giving Cas just enough time to ponder that Anna was talking about him and did April know that Anna 'likes to party, too?' before April clears her throat. He looks over, and she lifts the bottle slightly. "So...?"
He grabs a pen from the junk drawer and flips the paper over, leaving his own note about how he’s going over to Dean’s and will probably spend the night. He leaves it rather short and sweet, figuring she can always call him or the Winchesters later if there’s any sort of problem. After all, he isn’t lying about where he’ll be this time.
They stand like that for awhile, Dean losing track of the time. At some point, Cas says, “I’m sorry, I need time.” But he doesn’t step away, and so Dean hugs him tighter.
Once the class ends, instead of walking with Charlie to the cafeteria as he normally would, Cas makes a bee-line for Balthazar’s fourth period classroom, hoping to catch him on the way to lunch. Luck is on his side, as he meets up with his boyfriend in the hallway.
“Cassie,” Balthazar begins, voice cracking in the way voices always seem to do in awkward moments when words have been unsaid for too long. He clears his throat before continuing, “I know you’re likely to be busy over the holiday, but is there any chance, do you think you’ll be free to hang out? You aren’t going out of town, right?”
At eleven sharp, Balthazar pulls up in his flashy Audi convertible. Even Cas, who knows next to nothing about cars beyond what Dean has impressed upon him in passionate fits of pique, can tell the car is expensive and impressive. He also knows Dean would hate it, finding it too new and too perfect with not enough character.
She immediately turns sheepish. "Sorry." Settling back into her seat, she continues a little more calmly, "I'm just saying I'm excited. Come on, I'm one of your best friends. Don't you want to talk about it?"
Once the teacher gave her introductions, she told each pairing to come to the front to get their specimen. Their first dissection of the semester was a lab rat. Dean hated seeing the poor thing that had only been born for the sake of a science class laid out to be butchered, but he has a stronger stomach than Cas and he really didn’t want his friend to drop the course. There were gloves and goggles for everyone, as well. There were also optional medical masks for anyone who couldn’t stand the smell. Dean grabbed one for Cas, but he was fine. He has smelled oil, gas, and who knows what else from cars his whole life. He can handle formaldehyde.
A/N: phew, that's a lot of words! I'm usually between 1,000 and 2,000...but this was a whopping 5,232 words and most of them were writting in the last two hours before posting this. I'm hoping that now I'm a bit more settled into my new routine, I'll be faster with the next chapter post...but if all goes as planned, it will be another longer one.
Okay, I just live for Charlie! She is my comfort character (along with Eileen and Bobby), my favorite non-TFW character (TFW is Cas), and Felicia Day is one of my top 5 favorite people on the show (along with Misha, Jensen, Kim, and Brianna)! I just feel like there was not enough Charlie in my last story, so she's a core character in this one.
The next day, Dean was still in a sour mood. He knew he overreacted to his parents’ assumptions about him and Cas, but he spent the last few years holding it all in and it just all came out. But Dean is also very stubborn and he wasn’t going to ever admit to them that he was wrong. Instead he silently packed up his school things, grabbed the brownies from the fridge, and drove off to school without a word spoken to anyone.
The fact that Cas doesn't do "getting to know you", he just jumps into "here's my life story" and Dean just goes along with it.
“Perfect.” Dean smiled and made his way to the media room. Once the film was set up, Cas entered the room with a bowl of popcorn. They settled in and watched the film in comfortable silence, only speaking when Cas had a question about the plot. Once the movie was over, it was almost noon and Dean knew he had to head home if he was going to shower and change in time for Sam’s soccer game. “I should head out, but I’ll see you tomorrow in school. It’s the big day in the lab.”
“I actually, kind of, really like her, in that way. She’s cool and smart and likes the same stuff I do. But I can’t imagine she thinks of me as anything more than a friend or a brother.”
“Well, to an outsider, you two do spend a lot of time together. You kind of talk about her even when she’s not around. And you just hold really intense eye contact sometimes like you’re trying to speak telepathically.” Dean faced his brother. “The real question is, do you want her to be your girlfriend? Or if not, can you at least learn to deal with people thinking she is?”
Hello, and welcome to the slow burn express, where the author starts to accelerate the process because she can't freaking help herself!
“It’s not like that, Dad. Cas doesn't… we’re just friends, okay? Can you guys ever just be normal? I appreciate that you support my sexuality but at this rate I almost wish you didn’t. Just because I like boys and girls doesn’t mean every person I hang out with is someone I’m trying to date. This is why I don’t have friends over, you both are too much. I don’t care about Sammy teasing me, he’s my brother, that's what brothers do, but you are my parents. Being embarrassing is one thing but you guys are just too intense.” Dean was frustrated. Before anyone could press the matter any further, they pulled up to the soccer pitch. Sam ran out to join the team and Dean decided to sit away from his parents. Sam’s team won and he opted to go to get pizza with the team. The drive home with Dean and his parents was a very quiet one.
Charlie just looked back and forth between her two friends with a knowing smirk. She shoved the last bite of her food in her mouth and stood to put her plate in the dishwasher, “Well if you two get any sweeter, then I’m going to get diabetes. I’m gonna shower and I’ll be in the office. Try not to be too loud with any movies, or games, or vigorous love making.”
Cas knew his family wouldn’t approve, but he couldn’t bring himself to care. He was finally questioning like Anna had always begged him to do – what made them so powerful beyond a few parlour tricks? What were his family going to be able to do to stop him from doing what he wanted with his life?
Dean hated enforced exercise, but it turned out that just going for walks everyday with a fluffy rat creature that could barely keep pace with his stroll wasn’t so bad. It was actually kinda nice. It reminded him that maybe locking himself in the bunker every time they didn’t have a case to take him outside wasn’t exactly… healthy.
Sam blushed and gestured at his stained Christmas jumper. There were dancing little snowmen on it. “Sure you uh, don’t wanna rethink that?”
“I employ an excellent P.A. who I pay even more excellently. Probably too excellently, but she’s very persuasive. And I can feel my teenage self hating me right now for everything I just said.”
“Ok, asshole,” she muttered as twisted the lock and wrenched the door open. Revealing a very tall, very wet, very
To Dean’s surprise, Cas didn’t whither or look away under the force of Dean’s stare. “I deserve how you’re looking at me, and worse,” he said calmly. “However much of a monster you think you are I am something much more terrible.”
But Dean never tried to leave again. Not when Cas got the Austin Powers theme tune stuck in his head and kept whistling it for a whole two days, not when Cas tried to pry about what he’d spoken about in therapy with Michael, not when Cas had been certain he’d been leading them towards a river but only brought them to a highway. Dean complained, he snarled, he snapped, he taunted, but he stayed.
The man cocked his head to one side, in a motion that momentarily made him look so much like Cas that Dean felt something clench unpleasantly around his heart.
“And… Action,” Dean called out, and Cas heard the click of him touching the camera buttons. They’d decided it could only help to see what they looked like on film, better allowing them to decide how they could improve things the next day. Cas had to ignore that the idea of watching a tape of them back with Dean was already getting him warmed up enough to forget how ill and exhausted he felt.
They drove on with only silence for a few minutes, then Dean slumped. “Sorry. ‘S’just. He’s getting married. And
Dean kept walking until his hands were on Cas, around his beautiful, amazingly unharmed face. “There’s nothing to cure.”
“Brazil,” she said again. “In Manaus. If its anywhere, any kind of cure – for the monsters, or the land - they were the only ones who’d worked on one. It was our oldest and grandest device placement, and Michael was in communication with them, and recently. They’re still there – we didn’t kill them all, apparently. I’m just not sure if they wanted to use this for good or ill.” She shrugged, looking a little lost again. “It was always hard to tell with Michael.”
“You’re up fast.” He smiled, and this time looked almost smug. Without needing to ask, Dean was sure that Dean was meeting his high expectations. Dean felt something buried in himself that had always wanted to please his parents –
so anyway its really important to me that had mary winchester lived through the nineties that she would have appreciated Alanis Morisette.
Dean felt so agitated the confinement of the cage felt worse than it had in weeks. He wasn’t sure if it was the terror at against all the odds believing everything that the angel had told him or the small hope that they actually might make it out of there that was winning, but he knew that he was feeling so much more all over than he’d let himself feel for a long time now.
“Anytime. And, Jack?” Cas said as he watched Jack getting up again. “I’m glad to see you… that you do well, whatever you’re doing. I always believed you’d change the world for the better. But I care about you enough to want for you every selfish wish you could have.”
. He’d found the momentum to start walking away, to not look back, he couldn’t stop that now. Anyway, what did Cas think this was, a happy ending? That they were just going to walk off into the sunset together into parts unknown like two lonely cowboys from an old movie?
“So, I guess I’ll have to cancel this impromptu family gathering I forced myself into organising. And the drive up here was a waste.”
Obligingly recognising what Dean was asking for, Cas leaned down to kiss him. Regardless of morning breath, the unbelievable novelty of kissing Dean still just wasn’t wearing off.
That was a new voice, Dean processed as he turned to look at the speaker. It was a girl, in a cute summer dress, who was maybe his age, and like the rest of them she was completely mutated. Her face and arms were all lightly covered in fur the same honey shade as her hair, and large cat ears and whiskers and strange yellow eyes drew the looker away from the rest of her.
“No.” He brushed his hair back behind his ear. “He seems like a… dog. A good dog,” he added, letting his voice get higher and sweeter. The dog basked in the praise and started wagging his tail furiously.
Eventually, maybe an hour later, maybe a day, maybe a year, Sam asked to stop and start walking. Fifteen years ago, a lifetime ago, that might have been a familiar end to a tired fight. Now, it was because Sam was an eco-friendly pedestrian most of the time and a grumpy old man and he wanted to walk to go and find Eileen. Then Jodie. Apparently she’d been worrying about Alex when she’d gone, and Sam wanted to make sure she knew how everything worked out for all her girls.
“Yeah, but you’re not sick yet.” Dean seemed to be getting drowsier again. Cas remembered him saying once that he didn’t like to drink too much since he’d seen how nasty his Dad got on it. It had been a flippant comment, but Cas hadn’t ever seen him drink much, so didn’t imagine he had much of a tolerance, especially not when combined with fever.
Dean had not expected that. He looked up, and eventually felt a smile form over his face. “Yeah? Never mentioned any of that.”
“Great, then I guess we’re ready to roll again.” He looked thoughtfully at the couch. “If we wanted to add in music to this in edit, what would we add?”
“I grew up here,” he explained, leading them both thoughtlessly into the living room, and Ruby’s abandoned blanket and empty bottles, and open laptop. “Well,” he continued, gentlemanly ignoring the mess, “We moved here when I was eleven, and Dad found this place not long after. And then when he died, Dean moved in.”
The clouds cleared at night. There really were so many more stars these days. Back in the early times of everything going so wrong, people had speculated that space would start acting up, add into all the rest of the things going wrong. Maybe the sun would explode. Maybe a black hole would show up. But despite it all the world still turned and the stars still shone.
