himself, it was one of Anna’s favourite TV shows while it was airing. Right up until the ending, at least.
Castiel hangs up his coat on the available coat rack before he drops onto the couch. He has just enough time to put up an act of being completely relaxed before Gabriel walks in the door; huffing and sweating like he ran here. His phone is even in hand by that point and Castiel glances up as he opens his messaging app. “Took you long enough.”
Both Castiel and Aunt Amara look at him in confusion, though she is running her fingers appreciatively over the sheer sleeve in her hand. Dean leans to one side to pull his phone out of his back pocket. He flicks through it for a few moments before passing it over to them to show the
Maybe he should have just stayed on his stupid meds. Did he seriously think having a fish tank and watching them would just magically make his anxiety go away? So fucking
Castiel didn’t plan to shower tonight, but it sounds to him like perhaps Dean wants to be alone right now. He understands. Dean is upset and likely doesn’t want anyone to see him like this – not even Castiel. With an unhappy twist in his stomach, Castiel retreats to the bathroom. He might as well do it now so he won’t have to do it tomorrow morning, but the entire shower is spent worrying about Dean and trying to think of ways to cheer him up.
Castiel closes his eyes as Dean hands fit to his hips and lift him. An arm slips around his waist, fingers spread over his spine. Every point of contact lights up Castiel’s nerves and he bites his bottom lip to stay quiet. A little whine escapes him when Dean pulls him out of the water and against his chest. Oh, but this is nice too. He slips his arms around that muscular back and rests his cheek on Dean’s shoulder, humming in content.
Unsurprisingly, Castiel is the first to come between them. The water in the hollow fills with the scent of his release and he has to stop stroking Dean while he shudders through his orgasm. Every nerve in his body is tingling violently and his gills ripple wildly trying to catch his breath. Dean doesn’t help with that at all by sitting up to kiss Castiel through the last of it. He puts his hand over Castiel’s on his erection and starts him moving again, doing most of the work. But he really doesn’t take much more work past that to reach an orgasm himself.
Now Castiel actually has something to look forward to once they’re done with the tests. All he had before were plans to return home to study. His exams are quickly approaching and he’s even had to take a break from his Taekwondo for the next few weeks just so he can stay focused. If he gets his fill of kissing and touching Dean
“And a big thank you to you too, Anna.” Dean goes around the table to give her a hug too. “I know Cas had you do all the legwork.”
It’s barely a whisper, but Castiel hears it. And he definitely feels the fingers that drift through his feathers before his wings fold against his back. He sits up on his knees and finally opens his eyes to give Dean a lazy smile.
. “There is an extra bathroom downstairs that you can use, and the laundry machines, and the gym. The laundry room is technically also the storage room, but it’s only the boxes that are off limits.”
if he just up and left them. Not to mention that he’s very satisfied with his job. He’s slowly climbing the corporate ladder and it’s great. It might be a little boring sometimes and the routine might be a bit monotonous, but life is good. And, of course, there’s also Cas.
“Yeah, of course.” He gives a thumbs up as he packs up the empty ornament boxes. “We’ll take the empty bins back to storage and then head out.”
Dean shrugs out of the upper half of his suit and gestures at the satellite with both arms. “Ta-da! Just as you requested, a one-hundred-year-old satellite just for you.”
Dean claps him on the knee, giving it a tight squeeze. “Don’t get your hopes up too high, Cas. It’s just a sandwich.” He laughs and gives him a shove. “Go on. Get to work. I’ll pick you up afterwards, okay?”
Dean’s eyes stay shut but his flush turns into a deep blush. He drapes his free arm over his eyes and takes a deep breath. There’s a smile ghosting the edges of his lips and Castiel feels like he’s done well. Delighted with himself, he slides off the bed. It’s getting uncomfortable to wear the condom any longer, especially now that he’s going soft. He doesn’t take long to get rid of it. There’s still basic cleanup to do, including the mess on Dean’s stomach.
Unfortunately, that is not the case. It is with a sad heart and a painful weight in his chest that he slowly extracts himself from Dean’s grip. If he can make it out of the room without waking Dean, that would be nice. He deserves his sleep after how hard he worked tonight. He deserves to stay in bed and sleep the rest of the evening while Castiel showers and cleans up what remains of their sexual escapades. Sadly, that doesn’t seem to be in the cards for Dean tonight either.
With a wince, Castiel braces for Balthazar to plow into him too. Sure enough, it happens before he can manage to get his thoughts in order for a response of his own. Once he’s sure that they’re not going to knock him around anymore, he forms his answer.
“Forgot.” Dean shrugs and two-hands his mug to his mouth to take a sip of bitter, burning caffeine. He nods at Cas’s bottle. “What’s that?”
“You’ve never put bells on me.” Cas rolls her eyes and starts down the hallway towards him. “Please don’t worry yourself with my vessel. The spell Sam and I cast on it will heal it within the week. I’ll return to it and Claire can return to Jody.”
the tension leach out of his body. He rests his cheek against the top of Dean’s head, running a hand through his hair and listening to how his breathing evens out. That happens remarkably fast for someone who admitted to not being able to sleep not more than a few moments ago. The heavy weight of Dean sleeping softly against his side is beyond any sense of the word
If this is how Castiel is going to be allowed to have Dean, then he’ll accept it until he can’t anymore. Because if there’s one thing that he knows, it’s that he wants Dean and he wants him in whatever capacity he can have him – even if it’s only like this. With that determination fueling him. Castiel chokes back his nervousness and meets Dean’s eyes.
Thus far, Gabriel is placated by having his ego stroked. Castiel’s answer each and every time is that he goes to the café because the food is good – which it is. And insists that he likes to be a patron of his brother’s work place to show that he supports him – which he does. Neither are lies, but they’re most certainly not the whole truth or even an actual part of it. Castiel will take the truth to his grave rather than risk Gabriel finding out. If he knows, then who knows how long it would take to get back to Father? And if Father knew… Well, Castiel dreads to think about it.
Castiel blinks at the question; caught off guard by it. Dean just shrugs when he looks at him. “Just thought I’d ask, since Sammy and I are the only two who never got to meet them.”
“Good point.” He flashes Dean an amused smile and heads for the door, thumbs still flying across the screen of his phone.
There’s only a few more steps left before Cas will be on the landing with them. “No, I’m not finished yet. Raphael had many followers, and I must punish them all severely.”
to deal with. Their abilities rival angels, though they don’t have the power to back it up indefinitely. That’s why Gabriel was able to hide as one for so long before the apocalypse. It would take a fully powered angel to be able to reverse this.
“For Dean it would.” Sam shrugs and closes his laptop as he gets to his feet. “He’s also secretly a huge romantic at heart. Let him pamper you, okay? He hasn’t had the chance to do that for someone he cares about in a really long time.”
It’s really hard for Dean not to grin like the shithead he is. He kind of loves it when Cas gets frustrated, because he’s rougher than he tends to be. Even if he wants to do it rough, he’s gentle about it.
– and damn near has a heart attack when his walkie talkie crackles to life with a plethora of very Dean-like curses.
The request is met with an excited grin and he quickly twists around. Dean gets up onto his hands and knees, glancing over his shoulder to watch him. It’s a wonderful view, but it would be better if he was positioned slightly different. He places a hand between Dean’s shoulders and gives them a gentle push. He understands immediately and drops until they touch the blanket.
, okay? I just –” Dean turns to face him fully, twisting to bring a leg up on the couch. “I want to know
“I’m not sure. I know he went this morning before leaving for work, but I don’t know if he did between then and now.” Sam leans forwards and taps Dean on the shoulder to get his attention. “Did you hear the question?”
“We’ll make it work.” A hand slides over Castiel’s side to rest momentarily on his hip before moving back up to cup the back of his neck. He brushes their noses together slightly, voice low and alluring. “C’mon. Don’t you want a nice hot bath?”
Well, that certainly sounds good. In truth, Castiel hadn’t been holding out for an incentive like that. Crowley likes the sound of his own voice, as Gabriel has informed him in great detail, and Castiel thought that he wasn’t finished speaking. As soon as he had said that he wanted someone to come in, Castiel had already started to contemplate it. Working would be a much better distraction for him than sitting around at home next to a room he can hardly stand to look at, waiting for Dean to come back.
Yes and no. Castiel is happy to be here with Dean and Sam. He’s happy with the courses he’s taking currently and the friends that he has. But he’s not happy that his family – his
approving this? Castiel looks over his shoulder only to find Anna, Balthazar and Lucifer all smiling at him too. Their smiles are soft and their eyes warm in the light of their glows. The love and acceptance filling the kin-connection is almost more than Castiel can bear and he ducks his head, afraid to lose the battle against his tears.
He doesn’t realize that he’s smiling until he’s standing up again, the water running the tub, and catches sight of himself in the mirror.
When it’s his turn to place his order, Castiel is not surprised to find that Dean doesn’t recognize him. It’s been nearly two months see they first met. Dean smiles at him with the same smile he gave to everyone in line already. Castiel wasn’t expecting recognition but there is a strange twinge of disappointment at the base of his throat.
The tall grass ends when it meets the road and Dean stumbles out onto the hard-packed dirt. There’s only one lamppost at the corner where the road turns, following around the grove. At the base of it is a box and the whine that trembles in the air is
Panic is rising and Dean steps out of the way so Cas can put his borrowed glock case in next to the colt. He waves his hands and tries really hard not to make eye contact. “Seriously, why would
A loud whistle sounds on the other side of the cordoned off area and someone with a megaphone announces the halfway point for the competition. Castiel glances over to see how the competition is going. Freckled-Shoulders has quite the castle going. It’s one of the taller ones and he’s apparently focuses on carving designs into the side of the castle walls that look like crawling ivy. There’s someone else with him, another man with longer hair, busily carefully shaping tower spires. Their castle is one of the more impressive ones, and the extra details Freckled-Shoulders is adding might very well cinch the win for them.
Cas looks at Dean, who’s standing in front of him with clenched fists. He looks at the flowers and the beauty of the garden. He takes a step back and focuses on Dean again.
Jimmy Novak breathes hard, and falls to his knees. Dean Winchester runs to him and puts a hand on his shoulder.
Dean remembers the blinding light that accompanied Michael’s voice. He remembers the feeling of absolute possibility, like nothing was out of his reach. The nectar flowing in his veins ached to embrace that possibility. He remembers his own fear and anger, despite the spell that controlled him. He couldn’t hold on much longer, but he could hold on for a moment. Cas and Sammy needed to get out of there.
Dean was yelling, smoke coming from where the creature had its hold on him. Sam tried pulling them apart, but Dean only swore and pleaded “
“Of course I’m glad to see you haven’t been harmed in my absence,” he says. Dean’s eyebrows rise immediately. Cas feels he is expected to continue. “I do not own a gun. I would not know how to use one.” Dean continues staring at him, strange things happening on his face. Cas feels like he is still expected to continue, but he has answered Dean’s questions and he absolutely cannot mention the blade, so what else can he do? He stares at Dean, hoping he were allowed to just read his mind. No matter how hard he tries, he cannot glimpse Dean’s thoughts. He would have to extend his Grace, and it cannot touch Michael’s Sword unless he is in cosmic danger.
Once he has all the information he needs, Michael stretches himself across the world and reverses time.
Their third attempt at a live experiment starts differently. Dean Winchester does not look him in the eye as he leads him out behind the house at night. As they go, he lists all the weapons they have used on him when they first met and when he followed them to the car right after. Bobby waits for them already, with a big bag open at his feet. The bag has various knives in it.
Sam hits the floor. Dean does not try to run to him, which is good, because Castiel realises he cannot take his wing back. Somewhere during the flight Castiel has burned his wing to Dean’s arm.
“As far as Heaven is concerned, your brother is free to make his choices. I was meant to keep you unaware of them, as it was a concern that you would attempt to regulate his choices, and so put yourself in danger.”
“What, when?,” Dean splutters and takes a slight step towards the door, as if he thought Castiel wouldn’t notice.
Dean looks to Cas, and then with crazed eyes looks to Sam. He swallows down another attempt to speak and would have dropped to the floor if Ruby wasn’t holding him by the armpits.
, Michael asks, every atom of his essence afraid of the answer, for why would Joshua wander out of the garden if he were not burdened with heavy information.
“Care to add more details?,” Dean asks. Castiel does not, but he understands by now Dean isn’t really asking. He sighs. It must be Jimmy’s habit.
“What, you don’t drink or somethin’?,” Dean asks him. Everything he has said to Cas since they came into this house has sounded like a defense. Prickly. Quick. Volume going slightly up at the end sentence.
Using the new information about Castiel's mistake, Uriel tries to recruit the angel to his side. Jimmy unexpectedly gains control of his body and reveals to Dean what the bond means exactly.
Usually, Cas could transport himself somewhere else to avoid answering this question. He could also stay silent and start repairing the damage done to this house. Both of those actions would unfortunately reveal his predicament and pull Dean after him. There is no escaping him for now.
Bobby coughs behind him. Cas scans the man’s body, and he is not sick nor internally damaged. He coughs again. Cas and Dean turn to look at him.
Castiel cannot speak. He tilts his head in shock. He realises he cannot chastise Uriel, he cannot stop him from falling. Uriel’s values have already fallen the way that the first Princes of Hell’s have, but it has not been detected, and he has remained an angel.
“You’re the angel?,” he asks, his voice breaking. He hunches his shoulders, trying not to tower over Castiel. He extends his hand.
Dean does everything he can to keep his mouth shut, but the pull of the spell flows like a current through his body, from his hand into which the witch etched the rune, to his heart, to his tongue. He will not be able to stop himself forever, and there is no antidote. He will call Michael down.
Castiel flies back to the house. Jimmy flinches. Jimmy hates flying; disappearing from the earthly plane of existence and appearing on it again in a different place. Walking back from the border that the demons appeared at would take too much time, so Castiel ignores Jimmy. It’s an annoying balance in their cohabitation; Jimmy declines to go to sleep and Castiel declines to stop shifting between the spheres.
‘I can do whatever I’ve always wanted to do, with no constrictions on me. Not moral dilemmas that plague humans, nor lacking strength -’ you pick up an iron bar that’s laying on the ground, because there’s always some trash like this in back alleys like this one.
“No,” Cas replies. This is good. Dean’s attention has definitely shifted. “He feels about a thousandth. It was once likened to drowning, by another one of my vessels, except without the dying element. He said it was like watching an ocean from below. Being the ocean. Following that metaphor, the fish at the bottom of the ocean does not feel the stones skipping on the surface.”
“Sammy, let him do it. It’s fine, okay. Really, it’s just this wave of energy, feels like you’ve breathed in really deeply is all. Doesn’t hurt.”
“You’ve been here with the angel all this time. Sure you know where it is in my office. Third from right is the casual one,” Singer says, promising him death through his eyes. Jimmy knows they won’t do anything to him. They need Castiel too much.
The witch said it like any other surname. As if he were not talking about these two men who were chosen by Heaven and Hell. He probably didn’t even know.
(6) Michael does not have favourites amongst Heavens, but he is once again filling the Winter Palace with his being. The angel Castiel is beneath him, not yet in a vessel, suspended in space. If they were humans, he would be bowing.
“An angel spoke to me. An angel asked me to help him with a mission from Heaven,” Jimmy says. “An angel said I was chosen.” The older Winchester looks down. Singer tries to hide his laugh.
“Yeah, but angels!,” Dean says, waving his hand at Castiel as if Robert Singer has forgotten who they were talking about. Robert Singer does not look at Castiel, which reassures him that the man’s memory isn’t fully gone.
Uriel, sticking to his assignment to a fault, waits for Cas to answer. After a moment, Cas does speak, but not to Dean.
“I was reading one of Bobby’s books on malevolent spirits after you went to sleep last night. There was a quite interesting chapter on New Delhi.”
Suddenly bells are heard throughout all of Heaven, all of Heavens, and Michael is surprised. Angry. Only 30 years. Only 30 years and he already broke. What a slight to his title of a Righteous Man, that he can no longer hold back, he can slight Hell for no longer than mere Earthly 3 months. If Michael can find the Grace to remove everyone’s memories, remodel everyone’s minds every time as perfectly as the first time, Dean Winchester could hold for longer. His resolve has more than halved. Michael briefly wonders if the man truly is worthy.
In an even smaller part - the smallest part, you tell yourself - it’s because it’s beautiful. You want to open your mouth in owe and fall to your knees, but this is an angel and it’s your mortal enemy, isn’t it? This is another form of torture it subjects you to.
“Dean,” Samuel interrupts, horrified. “Castiel is an Angel. You cannot ask an Angel to do your shopping.”
“Never seen one like it. Would like to.” Bobby seems to understand what is happening, unlike Dean and Sam, which is not good for Castiel. To brand Dean Winchester is already a crime; to brand him and reveal the only way to kill and angel to these hunters equals an inescapable punishment.
“Yeah, no shit, you feathery body snatcher. I have a bullet-proof creature following me around that claims to be a freaking angel.”
(6) One time Michael saw Joshua in the garden. Joshua looked right at him. Michael looked at the cottage in the closest Heaven; its front doors were facing him. As a result a stone path that at one point lead to the entryway temporarily ended at a wall.
“Yeah, no shit, you feathery body snatcher. I have a bullet-proof creature following me around that claims to be a freaking angel.”
“Where did he hide it?,” Singer continues. Jimmy leans in really close to him. Singer does not flinch.
The sentences played on repeat in his mind but he stopped them from coming out. They grew louder and louder.
Dean regains consciousness but he's not sure why he fell unconscious in the first place. The pieces of the puzzle come back to him slowly.
You look straight into its human eyes, force yourself to focus on its vessel, because as much as seeing its true form doesn’t kill you, it might just drive you mad. Good. Focus on the human vessel.
You look at it, and it’s the most beautiful creature you have ever seen. You can see its true face, somehow, even though you’re not sure demons are meant to see that face. You’re pretty certain it’s meant to burn you with its goodness and its purity, but instead of evoking anger in you, it calms you. It gives you an inclination of what peace might feel like, what it might be like for all those souls that are allowed into their precious Heaven, not that you’ll ever go there, not that you’ll ever go there.
The angel Castiel says nothing, but Michael sees his eyes dart to the side. He has recognised this heaven.
“Knock yourself out,” Dean says before taking a swing from his. He swallows heavily, similarly to when he breaks off the eye contact with Cas. Cas checks the clock and it is indeed still 4am. He will need to monitor Dean’s alcohol intake, or the man will ruin the perfect body Castiel recreated in no time.
Castiel radiates, his true form shining through the eyes of his own vessel. He has been singled out. Favorably chosen.
The entire building around them is ruined. Sam can see the sky very clearly from where he is sitting in the middle of a warehouse. From a quick look around he can see Dean slowly sitting up, and a leg coming out from under a massive pile of what was once the ceiling. That’s all the people - or bodies - he can see.
He remembers remembering Zachariah causing Sammy pain just to get him to say yes to Michael, and it cooling something in his stomach. Then remembering his anger. Remembering yelling at Cas to get him out of the magic cage - room - they had him in way back when Sammy was hunting Lilith, and the tiny voice in his mind trying to yell at him in the same way, but a bigger voice talking over him. ‘
“Yeah. Sam’s theory is that Dean was jealous you keep turning him down but then you went out with Meg, so you guys fought.” She shrugs and tilts her head at him. “Was he wrong?”
“I’ve got one on the way for myself, but you can have it.” A girl with a tattoo taking up all of her left arm speaks up from the crowd still gathered around them.
On the bright side, Castiel has actually had a very nice evening – horror movie aside. They had quite a nice chat between them while they ate a multiple course dinner. Which reminds him, he needs to have a word with Gabriel about the
Some might say that Dean is obsessed, but he’s still just testing the waters. Cas may hit every single one of his hot buttons – he may be the very definitely of
?” He shakes his head. “If I’m buying a place out there, it’ll be a three-bedroom house at most. Some place with a basement and a garage, a room for Sammy and a guest room for when you visit.” Because one of the worst things about growing up was no longer sharing a bed whenever they slept over. It was either the couch or an air mattress on the floor.
His senior year is not starting out all too well. People have been nicer to him and some conversations about how the summer had been were held, but Castiel still feels a divide between him and the other students. That's fine, it was what he was expecting.  What he
As much as he would like it to be him so he actually feels useful in this rebellion, it’s probably not possible.
Thankfully, Anna always tries her best to be with him when he takes a taxi – which is really only to the graveyard at the beginning of the month and the grocery store every other week. As much as she would like to be, sometimes she isn’t free to come with him to visit his parents. Her work hours are flexible, but she’s essentially on call at all times – if only because she’s the only employee the courier service has that can get anywhere in the city within a matter of a few minutes.
“Oh!” The curtain is pulled back and those blue eyes are like a sucker-punch. “Hello, Dean.” Cas smiles – wide and gummy and breathtaking. “How are you?”
As expected, Dean catches the teasing reference to last night. Sam had the late shift at one of his jobs and it gave the two of them more than enough time to have some fun with the collars again. Dean looks over his shoulder with a narrowed eyed glare of warning and all Castiel can do is smile at it.
Before he knows it, Castiel has already wandered over to the camera wall. Since entering university, he hasn’t had much of a chance to keep up with his hobby. And especially since he and Dean started getting closer to one another. Castiel can’t remember the last time that he went out to take some pictures. Most of his morning runs are done at the university’s track because of its convenience and there’s just not anything to photograph there.
His pulse is thrumming a mile a minute against the collar and Castiel bites his lip. He twists around in his chair and looks up at Dean. The hand on the back of his neck slides up to settle with a tight grip in his hair. Dean uses that hold to pull Castiel’s head back sharply, leaning down to crush their mouths together in a rough kiss. It’s the kind of kiss he can’t resist moaning into, especially when Dean grabs the front of his shirt and bodily lifts him out of the chair.
“I said that I prepped myself in the shower.” Castiel pulls back the blanket all the way and pushes it right off the bed. “And now you need to wake up and keep your promise because it is
still feels like he barely knows him. Dean talks a lot and shares a lot, but he never shares anything of real importance. He knows the bare minimum about their past, and – and – and Anna
And then it’s time for his break and his nerves come back in full force. Charlie doesn’t have to prompt him to leave the kiosk this time, but it would have been nice. Dean wanders over to Cas’s desk and swallows around the sudden lump in his throat. Thankfully there are no customers for either of them right now, but he kinda wishes there were. Then he could avoid breaking his reverie. It was just so nice to keep glancing at that little heart every so often.
toted that Dean is a wonderful mechanic, but he didn’t expect Gabriel to point that out. Now Dean knows that Castiel talks about him when he’s not there – although it’s only ever good things. But
“I’m sorry, Meg, but I’m not interested.” He keeps his voice to a whisper, just in case Sam really is here and trying to sleep. “It was unnecessary for you to walk me to my door.” Castiel pries her arms off and ducks out from under them. “I had a nice evening with you, but I don’t –”
It still makes absolutely no sense to him, but Castiel rolls his eyes and makes another attempt to blow the candle out. Despite focusing on it, the candle doesn’t go out. He tries again, and again, and once before Sam bursts out laughing. Jess follows suite and the both of them double over on each other, their laughter just as loud as their singing was.
This is a snag in their plan that Castiel had not considered. He had been too happy throughout the remainder of his day earlier to actually think about how it would be done. But now that he
“Night, Dean!” Sam pokes his head out of the kitchen from a moment before disappearing back around the corner. “Thanks for picking me up!”
, Sammy took Dean. That was really nice of him, because Dean hasn’t been feeling the greatest lately. His latest relationship didn’t end the best and it left him really, just – It’s not been an awesome time, and Sam taking him to see his favourite comic really turned things around.
Abaddon stretches out on her rock, but doesn’t give any other hint that she might be upset by his answer.
It’s not much of a surprise to find Jess standing next to Sam when they pull up in front of the store. She has a large bouquet of flowers in her arms and Castiel is delighted by it. Perhaps he split the cost of them with her and at least feel like he’s contributed something to this outing. His presence can’t count for that much, can it? Either way, he’s happy to see that neither Sam nor Jess look upset that he’s here too. In fact, they both light up with smiles and get into the backseat without question.
now, can you?” There’s venom in his voice, and he knows that Castiel knows exactly what he means by it.
He nearly drops the damn thing with bringing it up to his mouth, fumbling to press the right buttons. “What do you mean?” When he gets static in answer, he tries again. “Dean?
Should he believe Dean at face value? Or should Castiel trust in his instincts in that there’s more going on here than they’re letting on? His suspicions are certainly raised, and he has a sneaking feeling that it has something to do with the conversation from a month ago that they never settled between them. Dean never brought it up again and Castiel didn’t bother either.
“Whenever you’re ready,  sunshine.” Dean flashes him a grin and throws in a wink. It’s not enough to cover the nervous glance he throws over Castiel’s shoulder. What Gabriel said must be bothering him, and they are most certainly going to be addressing that in their conversation later.
difficult to just… fall into bed with someone. I have nothing against anyone who has casual encounters, but I’m not particularly capable of them myself.”
Naturally, Castiel has refused to tell him the truth. How exactly could he ever explain to Gabriel – or to anyone, for that matter – about how he likes to spend time at the café because he likes seeing Dean and hearing his voice? How can he explain that he has no interest in Dean beyond wanting to take his picture? How does he explain something that he barely understands himself?
After a few moments of loneliness, Castiel sighs and gets out of bed. He’s never felt so shameless about his own nakedness before as he heads to the bathroom. It’s about time that he relieve himself anyways, especially with a stomach full of coffee. It would be best that he do a more thorough cleaning too after everything that they did together yesterday. He won’t take an actually shower, but he can at least freshen up somewhat.
Castiel caught the thing that still looked like Bobby by the throat and threw it against the wall. He stalked towards it, keeping it in place with his grace. It was not a djinn. It was powerful - similar to the thing Castiel sensed outside, but lesser. Or better at hiding itself. Nevertheless, it did not move until Castiel reached it, grabbed it by the chin and dragged up the wall of this exit-less warehouse.
They drive into a salvage yard. They park the car. Robert Singer gives him a long look, sighs, and gets out of the car. Castiel waits for when Dean Winchester does it, and then he mirrors his actions. Walks two steps behind him. Once he’s up the stairs to Robert Singer’s house, Dean Winchester turns around and stares Castiel down.
So this chapter got away from me! I meant for it to be more in the style of the previous one, with paragraphs describing different moments in time from Cas's stay with them, but once I started this scene it just kept going. I figured I needed some semi-realistic way for S4 Dean to actually let Cas in. Therefore officially this work is going to be longer than three chapters! Probably two more from his stay, in Cas's POV, and then back to Michael's for the last one.
-, Dean grabs his own jaw and forces it shut, almost falling to the floor in the process. The rest of his words are mumbles, indistinguishable sounds caught in his mouth, but Castiel can tell what they were meant to be. The desire they were meant to profess had come from the depths of Dean Winchester’s soul, and its intensity is similar to a prayer’s. They were meant to call to the angels, to The Angel.
“We ain’t cutting him open,” Dean punctuates every word, as if this is something he needs to explain to Castiel. Castiel just looks at him, hoping to understand why Dean has such troubling thoughts. Castiel has elegantly hidden memories of Hell from him. It wasn’t exactly Michael’s orders, but Castiel decided that if he is to protect the Righteous Man and keep him safe it would follow that keeping him in a state of comfort would be the best way to reach that goal. Dean Winchester, however, seems to have an aversion to comfort. He does not want Castiel to heal his tired body. He does not accept he is important enough to warrant Heaven to look after him. He does not believe angels exist, when he has been given a proof most definite that many pray for every day. Maybe his mind is rejecting the comfort of forgetting as well.
The seals haven’t been broken yet. You can’t put a key in a lock if there is no lock. If you throw away the key then once the lock exists you cannot open it. If there is to be an Apocalypse (Chuck Shurley had a vision; it must happen) Lucifer must rise. Lilith cannot die yet, except that she has. Anna calls for him. His Sword heaves.
“He won’t let me go is what he’s done. I can’t believe you feathery dicks knew Sammy was doing something bad with a demon and just
Ruby points at the wall the witch was squirming on. There is a pile of black ash by it, distinct from the grey that’s swirling around them. So the witch got burned. Boo-hoo.
Castiel turned to look at Dean. He was glowing, literally. Light was flowing through him in waves, pushing the spell’s hold further and further into his body. It was too late. The spell was too strong.
So in the end, anger comes and fills you whilst you look at it. It stands there, with its righteousness, like you aren’t all just pawns in the same game.
“Sounds you’ve taken the order of taking care of Dean Winchester a little too seriously, Cassie,” sounds from behind Castiel.
After Dean looks at him some more Castiel mimics the nodding motion the Singer man used. This seems to be what Dean was looking for. He does the same at Castiel, licks his lips, and sighs before going in. With one leg inside the house, he turns back.
. He shakes that house with his Grace and Castiel must refocus himself to stop it from falling down on Bobby and Sam. Uriel looks at him, disgusted, smirks and disappears. Wounded, not dead.
‘No, it wouldn’t be nearly as enjoyable as what we have planned,’ you say, putting as much innuendo into it as possible, as much
“Do not blaspheme,” Cas says. Dean’s face goes through a myriad of expressions at that. “Apologies, that was to Jimmy,” he corrects himself.
“No. But in the vehicle you said that you do not appreciate my long explanations, therefore I am adjusting.”
Chairs get scraped across the floor. If Bobby’s going to the kitchen, this might be one of Castiel’s only chances in the next 24 hours to approach him.
If Sam is vomiting the demon blood instead of processing it, he is not ‘fine’. But Castiel cannot say it.
“You were the only angel there,” Dean says, shaking Cas’s hand off. The movement displeases Cas, but he shakes the feeling off himself. His priority is to keep Dean safe. He looks Dean in the eyes.
“We do not chat. Jimmy dislikes flying. He complains about flying every time, after which I offer to create him a perfect dream to live in, and he declines. Then he complains again.”
“You could have disappeared. You wouldn’t even die, not exactly. Neither Heaven nor Hell would have you, you would continue existing reduced to atoms, without realizing it. You would have sabotaged my mission,” Castiel finishes. Dean gets an unkind curl to his lip.
Uriel, Castiel now knows, wants nothing more than to be on the winning side. He has told Castiel too much to just leave him be if they do not join together. The only thing that makes sense for him to do now is to ensure Castiel is found out before him.
all those faces turning, but you won’t let yourself look. You’ve walked five steps, ten steps, fifteen, and Crowley is finally moving as well, but you can feel the weight of all those eyes solely on you again. You turn around.
“My vessel,” Castiel responds, eager to change the subject. Maybe the mystery of what’s in Cas’s pant pocket will be forgotten.
is Heaven. Lilith gets ready to rip Castiel to shreds. Michael sighs, stretches, looks in the direction of the Garden, and reverses time.
“They told us your mission was the hardest of all, but to me it looks like you get to sit down and play house, eh?”
“We have fought together many times, in close companionship,” Castiel adds, but human languages cannot translate what he and Balthazar are. They are siblings, created alongside one another. They are one and the same in the Host. They are separate beings while in vessels, but who remember the shape of the other with minutiae details. They are as close as the Winchesters, and more, and yet less, and differently. “He’s my brother.”
It was for all intents and purposes a correct term, but he did dislike the tone with which Dean kept saying it. He sounded as if he were burdened with Castiel, Castiel who raised him from Hell and kept him safe from all demons that tried to enter the Singer Salvage Yard. He should be thanking Castiel, he should
“Castiel,” Samuel Winchester says, noticing him. Castiel is surprised to see the man straighten at the sight of him and a small smile come to Samuel’s lips.
Michael knows what that means. He retreats into himself, comes down to Earth and lights up the prophet’s house. He reads the prophet’s vision and is, for the first time in millennia,
’. His lips trembled wanting to give voice to those thoughts. The others needed to leave right that moment.
But Castiel felt when she crossed the wards, so if anyone followed her, Castiel should have felt that to, shouldn’t he have?
It is probably because he is distracted that Castiel does not see Dean reaching out until it’s too late, and so Dean manages to grab him right as he starts to fly back. It takes an immense effort to reach for and protect Dean during the dematerialization phase so that he does not simply remain in that state forever. Castiel extends one of his wings and drapes it over Dean the way he has done in Hell, holding all of the man’s atoms to his core.
“Oh fuck. Yeah, that happened. Makes sense you were so pissed about it if it messed us up,” Dean says and starts to come back. He almost looks guilty, but he is still too angry for it.
Uriel does not respond again. Castiel could lie to Dean. He could say all is fine, walk with Dean through this park for the next hour, and then fly back to Sioux Falls to see the aftermath. Something makes Castiel uneasy at that thought. That would be the best way to continue his mission; he has his charge with him and out of danger. He is not meant to leave his side. However, Bobby and Samuel are in danger, and that is not a pleasant thought to Cas, even though he should be indifferent to what happens to them. Uriel is there, yes, but so is Alistair, and Castiel is the one who sneaked past Alistair to steal Dean out. He has seen what Alistair is capable of.
“Cas? Cas, are you there? Cas, you can’t just leave the vessel and avoid answering my questions!,” Dean is saying to Cas whilst snapping his fingers.
“Right, well, it’s your house. Your death wish,” Dean grunts through his teeth after a moment of silence. The men turn back. They seem surprised that Castiel is watching them. Dean swallows loudly. “Right. Castiel, oh Angel of the Lord?”
“Closest I can find is Cassiel, angel of Saturn. You ever been to Saturn?,” Robert Singer says, and looks up at Castiel.
“I have a daughter,” Jimmy confirms loudly. “I have a wife.” He turns to look at the man who was raised from Hell. “I have a family.”
What he needs to do now is convince Uriel this can be reversed. To convince Uriel to stay. Uriel is young; maybe he does not know how terrible this is. If it was Zachariah he would be gone and telling Michael already. If it were Balthazar - if it were Balthazar he would help. But Uriel; him Castiel does not know well.
So the trees in Heaven turn. So Bobby Singer unknowingly loses blood again. So Chuck Shirley is lost in an alcoholic haze. So by now Castiel has a good knowledge of westerns.
Most mornings Castiel sits at the small table. This morning, however, is different, because his chair is taken by a recently awakened Samuel Winchester. The demon blood within him beats more quietly, which means he will need to find a demon within a day. He does not seem eager to do it immediately, which means Castiel’s seat is taken. The angel stands in the doorway.
“I wouldn’t know,” Castiel adds. He truly cannot imagine what living with all that flesh and neurons all your life must be like. He feels it, faintly, whenever he takes a vessel, but he know that humans feel those impulses much more than he does; to go from such intensity to nothingness must be a shattering experience.
Dean Winchester lets go of the blade under his jacket and crosses his arms on his chest, like a child. He is very stubborn. Castiel’s reserves of patience have finished. He has been given a mission, and his charge believes he can decide whether or not Castiel is allowed to follow it. The man raises his chin in defiance, thinking that his expression has any sort of effect on Castiel, who has laid siege in Hell. Castiel has not allowed the demons’ displeasure and attacks to stop him, and he should allow
‘We can always stay a moment and let you two fight it out,’ Crowley offers to him, like a treat, and that makes something coil in the pit of your stomach, but instead of showing it you let a smirk grace your face.
“I was listening to my siblings,” Cas answers. Dean’s tone put him in a bad mood. “I was trying to find out why this happened, and what this was, and what we might expect to follow it.”
It has been a month since the Righteous Man was saved, and by now 43 seals have been broken. So the demon Alistair watches the demoness Ruby every other day at the border of Singer’s Salvage Yard.
“Cas,” Dean says slowly. His voice is lower than usually. He is trying very hard for his tone to remain conversational, but Castiel can feel the falsity of it. What is Dean thinking? “What do you have in your pocket?”, he asks.
“A part of your -,” Dean looks at Sam before staring at Cas again. “Hold up, hold up. I am your mission, right, Cas? Cause that’s what you said, and now that seems to be a lie.”
, he tells the angel Castiel, and the last remaining angel of Anna’s garrison goes to fulfill his mission.
“I know too well what kinda creatures exist in this world,” Singer says, looking at him head on. “Never would-a believe it were an angel.”
“And now it’s gone. It’s been severed. The bond’s been made,” Jimmy explains. Objectively, it is interesting to see. Subjectively, he feels jealous. He is Castiel’s only bloodline vessel and yet here is another good enough.
(3) Lilith possesses the demon Ruby. Hellhounds run into the room. Dean Winchester’s soul is dragged to Hell. 80 years and the human breaks, 70 years and he is saved. This time, a garrison is stationed all around the little meadow he is meant to arise from. They face not one, not two, but a never-ending line of demons who must have been sent out after the Righteous Man. Hell does not take to losing too well, it seems. When it takes too long, Michael sends Raphael to deal with it. Apparently Raphael’s light makes Michael’s Sword faint.
Castiel's wards fade, and Ruby manages to break through and reach the house, with Alistair following close behind. Uriel is sent to help Castiel fight, and the truth about Sam's extracurricular activities is revealed. In the chaos, Castiel has to cover Dean with his wing to keep him safe, and accidentally binds them together.
It takes the angel Castiel only 30 years to get to the Sword. Michael cannot believe it when he sees the angel, this time already in a vessel, report to Michael the raising of Dean Winchester. Michael sees the direct distinction of tasking him with the retrieval has made him harder, faster, even more focused. He did not waver, he did not pause, he did not stay in the Pit long enough for Alistair or Lilith to reach him. He carried Dean Winchester’s soul under his wings and he remodeled his body with care one dedicates only to the most delicate weapons. There even weren’t any demons attacking the place of resurrection, because Castiel moved too quickly for them to realise the siege was already over. They thought the Shield was still in the Pit when he already walked the Earth in his new body.
Balthazar laughs. “That was a nice, clear dismissal Cassie.” He takes a few steps towards Castiel and nods. “Until next time.” He disappears.
someone else clean or feed them. That’s why it’s always such a nice surprise when Dean or Sam does it.
just lovely. Castiel stares at the clipboard and the blank spaces on the form waiting for his information. He doesn’t have any issue with needles or swabs, and he’s rather comfortable in the presence of doctors. There’s just something about this that’s making him nervous and he can’t focus long enough to figure out exactly what that might be.
He shakes his head, putting that thought aside. That’s not what he’s supposed to be focusing on right now. He has a birthday to plan. “What if
Sam futzes about with books and Dean keeps the bunker clean, oils their guns, washes the car, cooks the meals, and spends a stupid amount of time staring at Cas. It’s not his fault, though. Cas is… Well, he’s trying to find his place in the world. He’s a human now, with human faults and flaws. He drinks tea in excess and leaves the mugs literally everywhere in the bunker, and then makes sad faces when Dean nags him about it. He doesn’t change out of his pajamas unless he has a reason to leave the bunker, and his perpetual bed head has gotten even wilder.
Dreamboat blinks a few times and his attention snaps from Dean’s chest to his eyes, his blush darkening. “I’m sorry. I was just –” He stops short and his eyebrows come together in an adorable little frown. “Do you normally answer the door naked?”
Needless to say, Gabriel has been enjoying himself immensely since the end of the war. He’s not the only one either. Although animosities still remain, the atmosphere of the colony has lightened considerably. Castiel knows firsthand exactly how that feels. That relief that it’s all over; the joy at being able to finally
That said, his heart almost stops in his chest when someone grabs his arm and jerks him around. But the fire escape never rattled and there was no clang of boots on metal. Of course there wasn’t. The man glaring at him is standing in midair as if it were the ground. His face is red and furious, the angry flush spread across his bald, tattooed scalp.
“Of course, Dean. Whatever makes you the most comfortable.” Castiel places the eartips in his ears and breathes briefly on the chest piece to warm it slightly. “This may be a little cold.”
A drop of sweat slides down Cas’s shoulder and Dean tracks its path down towards his elbow. He closes his eyes and breathes out heavily through his nose, squashing the urge to just
During week two, Sam starts trying to get a hold of Cas. First by text message, and then by praying as he starts to get desperate. When he's met with radio silence on all ends, he starts reaching out to their few friends - anyone who
Dean shakes his head again and actually seems to consciously try to hold still as Castiel cups his temple. With his thumb, he gently coaxes Dean’s eye to stay open while he waves the light back and forth in front of it. The pupil reacts accordingly, so he concludes that he’s most likely not high.
Using the leash, Castiel drags Dean up into a sitting position. He cups the back of his head with one hand and kisses him like that’s how he breathes. Dean’s hands are like vices on his shoulders and Castiel surges forward, pushing him back down.
That’s one of the best promises he has ever heard and he hums happily; continuing to press kisses across Dean’s shoulders. If possible, he’d like for every night to be like tonight. Nothing could be more perfect than that, in his opinion. Well, this is
He stomps his foot as if he’s trying to make it official and that nearly makes Castiel’s heart stop. It
It’s hard to meet Dean’s eyes and Castiel looks down at the folder. He drags a finger along the edge of it and takes a deep breath. “Pam called me the day you left. She thought – Well, she said that because you’re both looking into moving on from the hunter life, she thought it might be a good time to tell you the truth.”
As soon as they’re in the apartment, Castiel goes straight to the kitchen table so he can boot up his laptop and get started on transcribing. Anything to get the images of that video out of his head. It’s not the time for him to sit and analyze his feelings. He can do that when he’s home again. Alone. Without the Winchesters around to poke and prod and ask why he’s acting the way that he is.
Castiel listens attentively as he lists them on, and he memorizes the different parts of the gun as Dean points them out. Most especially, he makes note of the safety switch – something that Sam must have engaged before Dean took the gun from him. Following that, Dean walks him through a solid stance and how to hold the gun.
It was difficult for Aunt Amara at first, but she’s managed to corral herself appropriately over the years. Anna doesn’t usually swear either, but when she does it always catches Castiel off guard. Take right now, for example. Never, in his life, has he ever been called a
he wants Cas around, he might actually combust. He’d rather be yeeted out the airlock than say that he’s kinda sorta falling head over heels for the galaxy’s most adorable Vulcan.
With a sad sigh, Castiel looks back to Dean and Sam with a pout. “I forgot that I have to be at work in an hour.” And he would much rather stay here and finish the conversation that he’s been wanting to have for literal
Oh really? Well isn’t that amusing. “If you didn’t want that to happen, you should have put a condom on me.” Castiel smiles and moves back to sit between Dean’s legs again. He taps the base of the vibrator where it’s still snug against Dean’s hole. “Or you could always just leave this in. It will keep everything in until you’re willing to move again.”
Right now, that’s kind of in the top five list of things that Dean really wants right now – which is pretty unexpected for him.
Even while he asks the question, Castiel continues to trace and feel Dean’s erection from its base to its head. It’s a light touch, but it certainly seems to have some kind of effect on Dean. His bottom lip is apparently permanently imbedded in his bottom lip and he’s shaking slightly as he answers. “Y-yeah, that’s definitely one of them, yeah.”
In all honesty, Castiel isn’t sure if he wants the details. But if morbid curiosity wins out, then at least he knows who to ask. And he also understands. If he had Dean’s powers, how could he resist helping someone in need? Especially when that someone happened to be a
in place. Dean leans over and Castiel is surprised to find that they are very much on his side of the bed. Never in his life has he been a bed-drifter, and yet here he is on the other side of the King-sized mattress from where he started. It must be a side effect of wanting to cuddle Dean all night.
Before he can react, Sam opens the driver’s door and slides in too. Dean stares at him, jaw slack. How in the hell did he –? That door was
With a deep breath, Castiel straightens his shoulders. He’s made his decision and he can only hope that he won’t end up actually regretting it. “Can we do it again?”
And that just proves Castiel’s point. If he allows himself to think of Dean, he gets distracted. It’s a curse. With every ounce of his will power, Castiel puts everything that just happened out of his head. He has work to do and parents to make proud.
“Ah, there you are.” Crowley sounds far too smug with himself when he answers the phone. “Of everyone I called this morning, I knew a fine, upright young man like you would call me back.”
Hopefully time is the key here. He’s okay with Anna and his aunt because he’s had so much time to get used to having his wings out around them. It might just take a while before he’s as comfortable with the Winchesters as he is with them.
. Well, at least it’s better than in his mouth. But now there’s a mess on Castiel’s lips and his chin and he has no idea what to do about it.
The longer nothing happens in the cave and the more that he thinks, the harder it is for Dean to ignore the yawning silence in his head. If there was someone else in there, he wouldn’t be trapped in the endless loop of his thoughts. They don’t even need to be talking. All Dean needs is another calming presence sitting at the edge of his mind and he’d be able to let this go and calm down. But the only fin-kin available for that now is Swirly-blue and Dean would rather dive headfirst into a volcanic vent than make the kin-connection with him.
With a flourish, Dean turns his phone around and wakes it up to show his lock screen. Castiel is met with his own face, though not at his best. He looks like a partially drowned rat with his feathers ruffled by a towel and his hair freshly dyed blue, with streaks of the dye standing out along his hairline.
Of course that doesn’t mean that he’s going to take his time with changing. First things first, he needs to change his shirt. Since he knows exactly which restaurant Dean was referring to, Castiel knows that it’s a bit nicer than the usual places that they go to. It’s a special occasion and by that logic, he should dress up for it, shouldn’t he? He picks something nice, but not
It brings back those long late nights staying out talking into the wee hours of the morning, or making out in the backseat of Dean’s Impala, acting like they were teenagers instead of a couple of guys on the wrong side of thirty-five. It brings back how much it
?” He sighs and turns to the coffee machine to pour Dean’s order, still avoiding looking at either one of them. “I have no interest in people I’ve never met before.
“Leave your stuff and come join us.” Castiel grabs Dean by the hand and starts pulling him towards the corner of the house. “The burgers are on the grill and should be done soon.”
“Yeah, of course.” Dean nods at Sam. “We – Uh, let’s go talk in our room. Sam, you can figure out the rest on your own, right?”
All of those options seem equally unappealing to him, especially when the cafeteria is right there and today's menu special is macaroni and cheese. That sounds delicious, actually, and Castiel gets his wallet out. He leaves his bag on the table and takes two steps from it before he gets struck with the nervous idea that someone might steal his new bag while his back is turned. Gabriel would mock him forever if he lost his bag less than twenty-four hours after buying it.
And speaking as a big brother himself, he knows exactly what he’d be doing if it was Sam being held by someone he considered to be an enemy. He’d raze the entire ocean just to get him back.
The memories come flooding to the surface from wherever they were buried deep. Castiel hasn’t thought about his childhood friends in a
“Fine, fine.” With a laugh, Sam gets up too and leaves his laptop in his place. “But we’re getting the shrimp lo mein and there’s nothing you can do to stop us.”
have gone through all of Sam’s gift wrapping supplies right there in the hall, but he’d much rather be back in the room with Dean. There’s just this
He points at a small folding door across from the bathroom. “That’s the laundry.” He gestures at another folding door at the end of the hall, which is really only as long as the doors in it are wide. “Linen closet.” Next is the closed door on the right side of the hallway, next to the bathroom. “Sam’s room.”
Unsurprisingly (though somewhat disappointingly), there is no mime. Dean is, however, apparently wrestling a whiteboard that must be roughly five feet by three feet – from what Castiel can tell at first glance. A portion of it is actually cork board. The whiteboard half looks like it has lines of tape all over it in a layout that looks a lot like a calendar. There’s even an attached cup and tray, where Castiel assumes markers and pushpins are supposed to be kept.
to hurt anyone anymore. But if he breaks his streak now, he’s going to raise the suspicions of quite a few fang-fin – most specifically, the dickheads on the Council. How is he supposed to get through this without revealing himself as a ‘
To start, Dean dropped out of high school. He’s thought about getting his G.E.D. but he hasn’t done anything to go through with that plan. If Father ever learned of that, he would demand that Castiel stop associating with the Winchesters immediately. Of course he wouldn’t ever listen to such a ridiculous order, but that’s exactly what is Father would want him to do.
After a few episodes, Sam heads off to bed and Dean actually does set up the couch for the night. Castiel didn’t ask for it, but it might be what he needs. He does feel a little bad that he didn’t help, and that he spent most of the day sleeping.
“Pretty sure I’d know if I did.” Dean shakes his head and turns to the pot of Spaghettios simmering on the stove. “I haven’t had any magic in
But then the other part of him none-too-kindly reminds him that if that happens, there’s a very high chance that none of this would continue. If Sam knows, Dean might not want to have sex anymore. And if he doesn’t want that, Castiel won’t get to have slivers of intimate moments with him like he’s been so desiring since high school, or thereabouts. It’s a good thing that he remembered, but Castiel will only admit that with a grain of salt.
Unfortunately, Dean doesn’t move. Apparently an explanation is going to be required before they can get on with finding his birthday present. Castiel sighs and turns to face them both. “When Gabriel and I went to the garage, Benny gave me his card and insisted that I come to the store. At the time I didn’t realize that he meant it as a
of anything during that time. Castiel is barely aware that time actually passed before Dean is knocking on the door.
. I’m so sorry, Cas! I was just trying to get your attention.” He reaches over to turn the water on and guides Castiel’s hand under the spray. Once the blood is washed away, he pulls his hand up again to get a good look at the damage. “Shit, that’s deep.”
.” The words come out on a hiss and his back curves. Hopefully it’s alluring enough to draw Dean into touching him again. “I want
He murmurs an apology and leans in again. First, a kiss to the head of it. A pronounced vein runs along the underside and Dean traces it with his tongue, relishing in the moan he earns. The musky scent of
Within moments, Castiel’s orgasm is rocking through him. Sadly, he doesn’t get to enjoy it as much as he should. An ominous creak is almost drowned out by his moan, and seconds later the curtain rod gives way. He didn’t realize he was putting any weight on it, but it was apparently too much. It’s a flurry of noise, motion, and confusion as the shower rod comes crashing down. Pain blossoms across the back of Castiel’s head and his shoulders as he tumbles backwards into the tub.
With a dramatic sigh, Dean collapses into the only other open chair on the other side of their small round table. “Why
It’s certainly something that has plagued Castiel for at least half of the winter, and especially as the connection between them has deepened. His affection for Dean started as something more protective when he was a child, and that feeling extended to Sam as well. But then they grew up and Dean started travelling, and Castiel enjoyed the times when he was also on the mountain more than when he wasn’t. There’s something about him that has drawn Castiel for longer than he would dare to admit.
and sex all at the same time. Especially if that sex involves the both of them. At the same time. Oh no. Oh no, no,
Dean just shrugs and sinks down a little more on the cushions. “I’ll change the sheets today and you can sleep there while I spend the night at Lisa’s. She’s been bugging me to come over this week and I can spend the next few nights there so your back can have a rest.”
“We’re not in the office right now, Lisa.” Dean shakes his head and jerks a thumb over his shoulder. “Out of the office, I’m just Dean.”
Sam’s hair is being dyed blue. He also promises to get a similar picture of Dean when he’s done too.
There’s no ‘plus one’ listen on the invitation, so Dean doesn’t say anything about it to Sam. But he does take off from work early to get a change of clothes and dress up a little nicer than he does for
“So, you’re the one I’ve heard so much about!” She cocks her head to the side, wide smile back in place and Castiel notes that her canines are fairly pronounced. “Are you a mutant too?”
“I’m good, thank you.” Castiel pulls the towel as tight as he can and turns his back, just in case. “Do you want me to change and come with you?”
might be eighteen already, but I won’t be for another few months yet.” Castiel reminds her. Jess shares the same birthday as Dean and she’s been eighteen since late January. “That’s besides the fact that Dean has a girlfriend.”
"I want it." Castiel's voice still trembles slightly, but that's more out of nerves than anything else. He's never had sex before and this is - this is thrilling and exciting and terrifying all at once. "Don't - please, don't stop." Otherwise they run the risk of his courage failing and they might postpone and end up never doing this and Castiel would just hate himself for it.
“Really?” He laughs and shakes his head. “I never noticed.” The sarcasm in his voice is so heavy that Dean actually elbows him in the side for it. Castiel laughs and grabs his hands.”If I tell you what I think about when it comes to our future, I feel like you might smother me with a pillow because it is
Dean’s smile grows and he puts a tray already stacked tall with other plates on the table. “Don’t mention it.” He adds Castiel’s dishes to the pile before he carefully slides the tray underneath the others. When he’s done, Dean glances at his watch and looks back to Castiel. “Don’t you usually have a class by now?”
Again, it’s soft and sweet and why does it make Castiel’s mind go blank? His grace shivers and reaches out for Dean’s soul, wanting to touch it and make that same electric connection they had when he pulled it from hell. Castiel leans into the kiss, hands coming to rest on Dean’s arms – until reality has them both pulling away sharply as Sam clears his throat in the doorway.
“This.” Dean leans heavily into his side, sending a blush burning through Castiel’s cheeks. He grins and points at one of the burgers underneath the handheld section. “It’s awesome and they have a house sauce they put on it that tastes like mayo has sex with heaven and the sauce is their baby.”
Cas’s displeasure at the entire situation is pinging back and forth through the kin-connection and it’s almost as strong as what Dean is used to feeling from his friends or family. It means that Cas actually
On any other day, Castiel would have joined them. But today he just – he can’t. The most Castiel managed to do was put his pen down and lean back in his chair. Every time he makes the decision to get up and go join them, his body locks up. The same happens whenever he tries to say anything to Dean. If Sam wasn’t the one who gave him the sandwich, he might never have been able to choke out a ‘
To his surprise, the touch of another mind starts pressing against his own. His fans flare slightly in surprise before he manages to stop himself. That seems to be enough of a warning for the others. The kin-connection lights up with their surprise. Castiel tries to pass it off as readjusting his floating position, but he’s not sure if it’s very convincing. He knows that
doesn’t want to go back outside to face them, then Castiel has plenty of snacks in here that he could eat. One of the desk drawers is full of individual baggies of chips, Oreos, and what not, and those should be enough to get him through several days – not that he plans to sequester himself in here for that long.
Castiel frowns and goes to get into the front seat, only to find Anna already sitting there grinning up at him. He rolls his eyes and goes to the back. “Regardless of whether I could drive or not, I would either have to just let my appendix burst and kill me, or call an ambulance. In which case I’ll end up in the hospital, be exposed as an unregistered mutant, and
Sam grunts and ducks as he nearly gets hit in the face with Dean’s phone. He pushes it away, and then makes a valiant attempt to distract them from Dean’s blatant betrayal. “What’s your background, Cas?”
Though, he does trust Dean, so his opinion on that might change – as long as it’s kept somewhere that can’t be lost or hacked.
“Is that it? That’s the angel? You two just sit around watching westerns with an angel that dragged you from Hell?” Sam seems to have questions.
Sam’s head is pounding. There is still ringing in his ears, but it’s lessening by the second, so whatever it was that caused it is likely gone. He sits up, and as he does hundreds of shards of glass, ash and small pieces of cement fall from him to the ground. He stretches his neck, because in that moment when everything was loud and bright and unbearable he thought that the best idea would be to bury his head in the ground, and when he wasn’t able to do that, he tried to hide in his own stomach. Fortunately, he did not have claws or enough time to succeed there. Unfortunately, his neck hurts like hell from the angle at which he kept it.
, Castiel yelled whilst running towards Dean, but in the same moment Bobby opened his eyes and forcefully grabbed Dean’s hand, and Castiel no longer needed to say what this visage of Bobby was not. Its eyes were fully black.
he tells Balthazar through his Grace. Balthazar is good, and does not show outwardly that he hears anything. Castiel explains all to him, answers his questions, and to the men in the room it seems as if all of the other angel’s attention is on his passionate hate letter to the beer industry. Castiel remembers fighting alongside Balthazar, rounding actual foes, not the Winchesters and their adoptive father, and for a moment he wishes he could return to the battlefield with his garrison. But he has the highest mission of all, he reminds himself.
“No, I -,” Sam starts, and pauses himself. He forces a laugh. “Maybe I’m just becoming a lightweight”
The thing screamed out and turned back into its own form. It was an unremarkable male. His power was clearly being rerouted to healing his injuries, because his other spells waned as well. Castiel could now tell it was a witch. A very powerful, very old witch. Very killable witch.
The next day they take him down to a basement, where Bobby has created a prison cell for creatures, or a survival room for hunters, depending on which one you are. They wait for Castiel to walk inside before closing the doors. There are no markings on these walls that were not at the barn where they first met. There are less, actually. Nothing in there can hold angels. Castiel understands this is some test, so he remains inside, indulges them, for as long as they stand on the other side. Once he can feel Dean Winchester start to walk upstairs, he opens the door and walks out, to the sight of hard jaws and shock. They question him what kept him inside for so long.
It does not feel right to Castiel that they should think he did something wrong, so he speaks out loud in English as well.
, he thought at Cas, because if praying in his mind worked for Michael who was far away, it must work for Cas. He wanted to say
“You do anything fancy on Saturdays?,” Dean Winchester asks. He is looking at the book over his adoptive father’s shoulder. His hand is still around the blade hidden by his jacket.
Dean and Bobby spend days and nights trying to find some information on angels, and somewhere along the way they get used to their new housemate. Castiel paints protection sigils on the house despite being directly told not to do so, and tries to keep his secrets. Sam joins the group with his bloody addiction.
“No, no no,” Sam crawls away from him. He forces another laugh. “No reason for you to scan my body. I feel better, I’ll get some meds and be good in an hour.”
“Auch, Bobby,” Dean says, glaring Bobby down. Thinking he is being subtle, Bobby tilts his head towards Castiel whilst looking at Dean. At least Castiel believes this is his attempt at subtlety. He wonders if he would really be unaware of their silent communication if he were a man. Are humans really that unperceptive?
“How is Ruby? Is she okay?”, he pleads, like an addict who can see the subject of his addiction within an arm’s reach. Like a lover.
“Is it really that hard for your little brain to accept that maybe angels are real? Two days ago you were dead. Gone. I’ve mourned you, boy. And now you’re here, walking and talking and looking fresh like you’ve come from some spa. If I ain’t supposed to freak at that, I ain’t gonna freak at an angel. That’s the best possible scenario of what dragged your ass out.”
“When he’s not here, of course, when he’s actually doing something,” Jimmy adds. This does not help the confusion on Singer’s face. Jimmy couldn’t care less about that right now.
You do not dream, you are a demon. But there are things that start to play out against your eyelids when you close your eyes for a longer time.
“Cas?,” Sam pleads. His eyes are - Dean called them puppy eyes, once. Cas looks into them with the conviction he used to have as a garrison leader.
The witch laughed, and then his mouth was full of blood, and still Castiel hasn’t even moved. The witch sputtered for a moment before looking up at Castiel to answer.
Castiel has broken the one and only rule. Castiel has laid a claim on Dean Winchester before Michael could. Castiel has spoiled the Holy Plan. Castiel will be damned for this. If the other angels know, he will be hunted.
Firstly, Castiel blocks the connection to his brothers and sisters. He cannot allow them to know his thoughts when his thoughts are about hiding his trespass. He focuses on distancing himself, and -
“Take the demoness, Uriel,” Cas says, and Uriel moves Sam away with a wave of his hand. He grabs the demoness and disappears.
“Whenever I left them, I would check on them. Made sure they were rewarded for their aid to Heaven.”
, Castiel asked him mere minutes ago, or hours, Sam doesn’t know. What he does know is that whatever it is he is looking at does not agree with anything he could think of as Dean’s desire.
Castiel saw the look of fear on Dean’s face and he wasn’t so sure. Dean hasn’t heard what the witch has said. He was just reacting to the feeling of the spell on his body. Which meant it was not a good feeling.
Cas hasn’t moved yet, which at least means he didn’t mind what Ruby was saying. If Cas isn’t going to tell him what happened, he might have to listen to that demon.
“Yes,” Cas allows his annoyance to bleed into the words. Dean looks up at him in surprise. “He will not let me put him to sleep. I do not understand why. He is very bored with watching you and Bobby.”
Of course Dean nods and Castiel shakes his head again with a laugh. “The only person I have any interest in taking pictures of is
him from here, his breath warm on his lips. They’re so close and it would take nothing to close the space between them. Castiel wouldn’t even mind if Dean’s hands were still wet when he finally touches him. He could back him up against the counter, fit his thigh between Dean’s legs, and work him up until he’s falling apart against him just like he used to do when Sam wasn’t home.
Cas steps around him, takes two steps, and taps the kid on the forehead. The screaming stops instantly and Bobby’s eyes flutter. He drops, right into Cas’s waiting arms, where he scoops the kid up and tilts him against his chest until Bobby’s cheek is pillowed on his shoulder. Nobody dares to comment on the fact Bobby’s jeans are still on the floor and the kids is now wearing a flannel that’s
out of the theater after being asked to leave by a theater worker, but that’s exactly what happens with roughly half an hour left to the movie. Castiel never even paid attention to the name of the movie or what it was about. The opening credits were still playing when he suggested that they make out since he’s never done that in a theater before. Of course Dean jumped on the chance. Well, actually, first he had a good laugh because Castiel called it
Ah, that explains their behaviour this morning – and why Dean rushed out of here not long after breakfast. “Is Dean grocery shopping?”
. If he thought that of Dean for having a perfectly normal job at as a mechanic, then he definitely thinks it of most everyone here. But Mother has a firm lock on his arm and she’s refusing to let him walk away.
“Probably when he gets back.” Dean shrugs and dumps some oil into the pan while it heats up. “He’s a weirdo and he’s out jogging right now. Y’know, like a
Ugh, not useful. Castiel sighs and turns back. Looks like it’s time for some trial and error – one of his least favourite methods of doing literally
Michael reverses time. Lilith opens the door. Hellhounds run in. Nobody but Michael has any inclination this has happened before.
That was Michael. Dean didn’t have much time left. Cas was looking at him but he wasn't moving, and Dean didn’t understand why. Did he want to be burned by an archangel? Dean tilted his head and -
” out loud with a snigger when they realised what the djinns’ motivation was. Dean looked at her hatefully, but Sam looked at her like she was dead to him, and Castiel could see which one had hurt her more.
Dean continues walking. Castiel stretches his wing. He looks at Uriel’s vessel’s eyes, because he cannot do anything else. Uriel looks at Samuel with disgust.
“You were saved from the depths of Hell because you did not deserve to be there. Your soul shone above all the others -“
?,” Uriel asks, focusing on the fact Castiel referred to his charge by name. He turns to look at Castiel, a half smile on his face. Uriel might be young, but he is no human. He knows there is no known way to undo the bond.
“Do not worry, old man,” Balthazar responds. “I am here to look after you only until Castiel can return.”
Castiel feels into himself, finds the corner Jimmy Novak is in. Quiet, listening, observing. Interested.
Jimmy has grown silent since Castiel brought his attention back to Bobby’s house, so that seemed to be his goal. It is also possible that Castiel’s focus on closing off the connection between him and his brothers and sisters harmed some of Jimmy’s human senses; nevertheless, Castiel has finished severing himself from the connection.
“You disappeared,” Bobby answers, “and that man demon started talking about how nice of her it was to lead them all down here and to keep Sam on a leash. Tried to take another stab at killing her but something threw him back, and that angel went after him. Sam grabbed that woman demon, panicking, asked her if she was okay and dragged her behind him. Wouldn’t leave even when more demons broke through these frigging windows next to the tv.”
This was a shorter chapter as it was surprisingly difficult to write the confrontation between Dean and Cas, so I'm leaving that for the next chapter. ;)
“He has an angel fighting for him,” Cas says, trying to calm Dean, but as he does so he realises that Uriel would not care if Samuel Winchester died. For Uriel - for all angels, for Castiel - Samuel is an abomination, and whether he is alive or dead is of no concern.
70 years later one arm of the Army of Heaven reaches him and pulls him out. Dean Winchester is saved, Anna sings for all to hear, as she holds him enclosed within her wings all the way to his body. His soul felt tired, she reports later, kneeling in her vessel before Michael on the same floor of the same Winter Palace. The next millisecond: light all around them and a squeamish of voices; Zachariah, Anna’s superior, appears in his true form above her and says many things, all of them unimportant, all of them a shield between what he has come here to say and his voice. Then he tells why he interrupted their meeting. When the Righteous Man rose from his grave, a demon killed him and dragged him back to Hell. They were waiting for him. Michael sends the garrisons in again, but it takes too long. The prophet hasn’t had a vision in a month. Something is wrong.
“No, my home is Paradise, where I dwell together with my brothers and sisters. I merely pass through other spheres and planets,” Castiel explains.
, Sam tries again. He also tries to stand up, which is how he learns that one of his legs is broken. He’s on the ground in a second with a resounding sound.
“Nothing,” he says. Dean freezes. Keeps looking at Cas like Cas has chosen the wrong answer on one of those quiz shows where you win money, but instead of losing money he’s about to lose his head. Cas tilts his head. The new angle does not help him to understand Dean.
“Yes, yes we are.” He laughs and ushers him towards the door. “I’m not going to say another word about anything until you put your shoes on.”
“Street spots are first come first serve, Novak.” Dean shrugs and drops into one of the two chairs facing the desk. “You know that.”
With a groan, he rubs his hands over his face and turns to go the way Sam and Jess were coming from. He’s upset and he needs to hunt and eat. Hopefully he’ll be able to fill his belly and empty his head all at the same time. It’s only a temporary fix, but what other choice does he have?
The truly terrifying part of this odd conversation is that none of his siblings are sharing their emotions. It was Michael’s words that had Castiel assuming he was surprised. Even Anna and Balthazar have nothing but force behind their words. Castiel is finding it more than a little uncomfortable – almost as uncomfortable as the way they're looking at him. Neither one of them look very happy. It sucks the last of Castiel’s happiness from him and he finds it hard to look them in the eye.
Dean shrugs and looks out at the restaurant. Every table is full – people laughing and reminiscing. Some of the more emotional waiters and waitresses getting misty eyed while talking to regulars. The harp player is in her usual corner, plucking at the strings and biting her lip every now and then. It doesn’t
at the mere sight of Dean’s body trembling as he starts to move. The vibrator isn’t even turned on, but Dean moves like it is. He’s completely ignoring the remote and it’s just
warmer down on the blanket in the light of the candles. Is that a part of Sam’s pyrokinetic powers? Maybe he’s just naturally warm all the time and that heats the air around him. Either way, it was nice and Castiel didn’t even notice that he wasn’t feeling the evening chill after the sun had set.
“Like what you see, Cas?” Dean’s teeth catch at his bottom lip coyly as he tilts his head. He drops his arms and adjusts his stance so Castiel can fit easily between his legs. “You’re looking a little hot and bothered there.”
– isn’t something you ever need to apologize for, okay?” He presses his face into Castiel’s shoulder to muffle his next words. “I love you.”
swollen and it doesn’t exactly hurt to touch. “Maybe not right now. If it still hurts after we’ve cleaned up, then maybe I will.” And by clean up, Castiel means that he fully intends to take a shower. It remains to be see whether or not Dean will be joining him, but he has the strong suspicions that he likely will.
“I look forward to tonight, then.” With one last kiss to Dean’s cheek, Castiel pulls back to his seat. “I’ll text you on my break and we can make plans then.”
. It was just that Castiel never had the urge to mate with a female. And he never allowed himself the opportunity to think about mating with a male. That was mostly because it never really occurred to him before. Not completely, at least. Honestly, he’s just never actually found anyone that he would be interested in kissing. Castiel has never
As expected, Dean’s face clouds over again. Thankfully, it’s nowhere as bad as it was yesterday and he only sinks marginally back into his chair. “No, I guess not. It was a knee jerk reaction and I feel really bad about it. Especially for what I said to you.” His bottom lip sticks out slightly, eyes widening as he looks at Castiel. “Seriously, Cas, I didn’t mean it. I just got worked up and said some stupid shit and – ”
By the time they make it inside, Sam has already deposited the new presents under the tree. He comes around the corner from the living room with a bright grin, practically dancing in place with childish glee at the top of the stairs. “Dean! There’s already gifts for us under the tree!”
He hates it almost as much as he hates Anna right now. She grabs handfuls of the blanket by his feet and lifts it slightly. “I’m going to count to
too busy to pay attention to him. For the first time in forever, he managed to slip away from the estate in the early morning, evaded the patrolling guards, and took a leisurely stroll to town. This close to the full moon, one would call that careless –
“I’ll wait until you fall asleep.” Dean pulls Cas to his feet and immediately supports most of his weight, his head dropping to Dean’s shoulder. “And then I’ll sleep out here on the couch.” Just like he always has any time he’s slept over.
As he rescues his pen from the floor, Castiel decides that an apology is in order. He inconvenienced Dean last night because he wasn’t able to hold his beer, so it’s the least that he can do.  “I’m sorry if I did or said anything that made you uncomfortable. I vaguely remember using your shoulder as a pillow, but the details are hazy.”
As soon as the door is shut behind him, Castiel pushes up in his seat to reach back and turn the lock. Sam was wearing his basketball clothes but his backpack was stuffed full – which means he is most definitely planning on staying at Jess’s apartment tonight. It’s prudent planning to lock the door now before either one of them accidentally forgets to do it later.
Castiel huffs and lifts his leg to allow Dean to slot one between them. “Fine, but you had better get it out of your system today. No more pet names later, okay?”
Once the bedroom is perfect, there’s nothing left for them to do but go to bed for real. Sam will be home any minute and he’ll be heading to bed right away too. But Castiel isn’t done yet. There’s one last thing he wants to make tonight as close to perfection as it any night can ever get. He deliberates at Dean’s door, trying to decide whether or not it would be appropriate for him to ask for a goodnight kiss.
“Oh, nice!” She sits forward slightly, and Castiel shifts enough to be able to peek over the edge of the cushion to see the phone. “What’s the weather like?”
Balthazar follows after him, drifting along and snapping pictures of just about everything. “Miraculously enough, that doesn’t involve the use of our mouths.”
Some small part of Dean (large part, but he’s not willing to acknowledge that) flares with jealousy at the idea that Cas wants to look good for someone. Who could it be? He barely leaves the bunker. The only people in his circle are Sam and Dean. It can’t be Sam, because he’s got that thing with Eileen going, and – Well, that just leaves Dean. Unless Cas is going to go out and
It takes two whole cups of coffee after his ridiculously frigid shower to warm Castiel up even slightly and ease his frown. By then, Dean has made an appearance and is shuffling around pouring himself some cereal for breakfast and making his lunch for the day. Castiel watches him from the table, sipping his coffee and loosely going over his plans for the day. He has a morning class before coming back to the apartment for lunch, and this afternoon he’s covering part of an afternoon shift at the café.
While his family never asks about his work, Sam has taken to asking about his editing job a lot. Mostly he asks about what it’s like and how many different genres he’s edited before. Castiel doesn’t want to assume anything, but he thinks Sam might be a little jealous about it. There’s nothing very glamorous about the job, but he does like getting to read all sorts of new books before they hit the market. Unfortunately, being behind the curtains means that Castiel is all too aware of how
The light is off in the bathroom and the window above the toilet is covered with both a shade and curtains. Castiel keeps the light off because he doesn’t want to look in the mirror and see what he looks like. He sits to use the toilet so he doesn’t miss, and he brushes his teeth in the dark. Anna is still moving around in his bedroom and he tries to put off going back out there for as long as he can; scrubbing his teeth until he tastes blood.
“Why me?” Sam hunches his shoulders and shoves his hands deeper into the pockets of his hoodie. Castiel regrets not bringing one himself. The evening is much cooler than expected.
Dean heads over to his desk in the corner and the replicator he keeps against the same wall. “Great. You want something to drink?” He punches in the order for a Vulcan tea that he knows Cas has been drinking, since he’s the one who reviews the logs of everything that goes down on his ship. “Take a seat and tell me what’s on your mind.”
, is he?” Her voice drops into a whisper, as if that will somehow take the sting out of such a question.
“If given the chance…?” He shrugs and looks at a point over Castiel’s shoulders, eyes going unfocused while he thinks. “I’d probably do it at least once every day. Probably twice – morning and night. What about you?”
expecting when they had rolled up. And if that wasn’t awkward enough, all twelve of the witches (both men and women, mind you) were naked as the day they were born, with weird symbols drawn on their bodies in blood.
As usual, Gabriel completely ignores him. “Good news! I found you the perfect person! You know her, plus you guys get along and everything.”
and it feels like Castiel’s heart is going to burst with this knowledge. Tears were already a threat to him after talking with his mother and he blinks them back again.
Dean stands up suddenly, forcing Castiel to take a step back from the bed so they’re not standing chest to chest. “I’m
The door to the mess hisses open and Sam steps in. His long hair is tied up and he is exhibiting signs of exhaustion. As they were hired to charter six families of farmers to a new Federation colony, Sam has been the one in charge of ensuring that everyone’s needs were met. Castiel made an effort to assist while Dean commanded the ship from the bridge, but it was not an easy task.
The urgency in his voice sets him in motion. Castiel jerks the door open and barely steps out of the way before Dean is ducking into the foyer and slamming the door shut behind him. He collapses back against it, breathing hard as if he’d just run a mile. Normally, Castiel would be concerned, but right now his mouth has run dry because, yes, those
Sam shifts in his seat, looking first to Castiel and then back at the phone. “I want to go into law with a specialty in mutant rights.”
Whatever they say to each other is in private. Sam and Jess wait in silence and Castiel is forced to do the same. It would be rude of him to interrupt during such an important moment. When Bobby pats Dean on the cheek and puts his head down, Castiel’s back-fans flex curiously. He glances between all the fang-fin present and he shifts to curl his tail under him. There’s a question swelling in the kin-connection and he can’t hold it back any more.
“Dean,” Sam lets out. “It can’t be. I tried every fucking play in the book and they wouldn’t let me bring you back.”
As you can see, I've ignored all the seals breaking - Raising of Witnesses etc. In this time, Castiel has put all sorts of protections on the house and nothing can break through to them.
Cas busies himself with cleaning off his Angel blade to avoid looking at the humans. He could clean it with his Grace in a millisecond, but what he needs is an escape.
The last thing Sam said as if it made him uncomfortable. As if saying it seriously would be too much.
(4) Lilith is alive. Lilith possesses the demon Ruby. Hellhounds run into the room. Dean Winchester’s soul is dragged to Hell. Dean Winchester breaks (50 years this time; his body must be remembering the previous times, even if he isn’t). Sam Winchester is denied assistance; all goes the same so far. Anna’s garrison fight their way to where the Righteous Man is held the fastest, again. Only half of them are its original members, the others being newly appointed to their positions. Angels keep dying in the siege of Hell, which has happened several times more than necessary; Michael wishes that this time there need be no more returns to Dean’s time in Hell. Dean climbs his way out of his grave whilst angels round the meadow fight back the hoard of demons. Anna and Zachariah appear in front of the Sword and tell him the terrible news, the awful news Michael bid them tell him when they both kneeled in their vessels on the floor of Balmoral in someone’s Heaven; his brother said yes to Lucifer. The Sword does not believe them this time, but Michael has prepared for that. The Sword believes no one but himself, and so he must himself come to this decision. Anna and Zachariah take him to speak to Robert Singer, his father (not biological, of course, Michael himself have briefed the cupid who was to ensure John and Mary’s union), who hasn’t seen Samuel in a year. A round year since Dean’s death Samuel has been gone. (Gone, but not from Michael’s eyes. Samuel isn’t allowed near witches.) Zachariah pretends it’s a mighty feat to find this one man on Earth when the Sword asks him to, and gains promises of the Sword’s compliance in return for it. They take him to Samuel, delicately choosing a moment when he is drinking demons’ blood straight from a demon’s neck. Dean Winchester has met Azazel, has heard tales of what his brother’s fate was meant to be, remembers his father’s words. He is a righteous soldier, and when Zachariah feels himself in a winning position he is a wordsmith. He convinces the Sword he alone can stop this and save his brother. (Sam Winchester is to be destroyed, not saved, but not yet. He has not released Lucifer yet). Zachariah and Anna take Dean with them to a place out of time to await when he is needed, heading Michael’s orders. Order number one, do not leave Dean Winchester alone at any time or he might be killed. Order number two, do not leave Dean Winchester alone at any time or he might kill. (
Except that the news trickle out, and soon old witches hear it too, and there is no place for supernatural creatures after the Apocalypse. All of them would go to Purgatory, and nobody wants to be chased by Leviathans forever.
“I can smell her blood in your veins, Samuel Winchester,” Uriel says, and Castiel stops breathing. He does not need to breathe, but it’s one of the habits angels take whilst in a human body. Jimmy stirs inside Castiel. Dean glances at Cas.
Dean almost finds out about Cas's angel blade, and in his rush to make sure Dean doesn't, Cas implies... something. Jimmy isn't too happy though it's completely his fault.
He knew, in that moment, with perfect clarity, that all his life lead to this. Saving people, hunting things, the family business. He has found the way to save everyone, finally, forever. It was so clear he was surprised he hasn’t done it already. Yes, it would be painful at first, but him and this Archangel would kill the devil and there, finally, would be Paradise on Earth. He had no doubts Michael would triumph. After all, he would be the one riding his True Vessel, Dean, in all the glory that would bring him, and Lucifer would have to be satisfied with a different vessel. Sammy didn’t need to get hurt at all, he could be thrown in some demon trap just for extra protection and ride it out there. All of Earth Dean’d save, and there would never again be any vile beings like the ones who kidnapped Bobby, like the one who burned a mark onto his hand, they would all be gone and Dean would be able to retire from hunting. (What would be left of him, a tiny voice in the depths of his mind offered) He was saved for this. Gripped tight and raised from perdition for this. He deserved to be saved, and now he will save everyone else to pay that debt. Happiness, like not being able to breathe.
“Uh,” Dean laughs a little. He looks down at his hands, and then his eyes stray to Castiel. “Me and Bobby, we had an unexpected guest. Couldn’t leave Bobby alone with him”
He means Michael and Lucifer. He looks at Castiel. He smiles, as if they’re sharing a joke. He looks Dean up and down, evaluating. Checking what he’s worth.
“Adequate. They are not connected to neurons and muscles and skin in the same way as before,” whilst Dean considers this, Castiel feels Jimmy’s discomfort.
He looks at Crowley, but Crowley is only looking at the angel’s human form. He seems unaware of all that power behind it, all those eyes and faces that are focusing on him. He isn’t tense.
“Hell if I know,” Dean responds, looking Cas up and down. He’s standing close, close enough that Castiel’s wing, the one bound to Dean’s arm, is bent at a sharp angle. He’s close, so he probably hasn’t had a chance to notice Castiel’s mistake. “Cas? Castiel, oh Angel of the Lord who’s really pushing it right now?”
“Um,” he starts saying, eloquently. “Hi, man. Can you hear me? I know an angel’s been in you recently - oh, that sounds bad. Feel like I need to wash my mouth or something. Do you know who I am?,” Dean adds, trying to catch Castiel’s eye.
He looked back. Dean was trying to wake Bobby up. Sam was looking around and in the brief moment he caught Cas’s eye Castiel could tell he started to realise it was suspicious Bobby wasn’t being drained of his life force the way djinns’ victims usually are. He was just sitting there. Bait.
“We’re good, boy. There’s someone in there I think you’re itchin’ to see,” Bobby responds. Seconds later, Samuel Winchester stands in the doorway. Dean Winchester stands up next to Castiel, tense and uneasy. Castiel worked hard to stop the man from feeling that way around him. He does not like that Samuel’s presence brought that state back to Dean.
“I’m just saying - ,” Sam tries to speak, but Bobby interrupts him, speaking for the first time since their fight ended.
“He’s gone to the store for us before, when we were really in need,” Bobby interjects, shooting Castiel a quick look. “It’s been mighty helpful, give how far away we are from a store, and how he prefers us not to go too far.” Another glance at Cas.
“He hasn’t left,” Jimmy says, sitting back onto his feet. “He’s - come down. Given me the steering wheel. Heck, I don’t know why or what, just that I can feel
All goes down the same way. Still the demons gossip, but that is not something Michael can control, but it does not matter this time for there is no one alive to be a threat to the plan. No one who listens to demons, anyway. Sam Winchester tries again, and Michael makes a note that Gabriel is useless, but this time so is Samuel.
“Nothin’? What about eating? Any other bodily functions?’” the man asks. Interest seems to win over defense in the tone of Dean’s speech.
is shimmering behind Dean’s lips, that that will be the next word that comes out of his mouth. That one has to be spoken. The agreement can’t be just a thought. Castiel cannot stop him from saying it. Dean tilts his head like Castiel has done multiple times before, and Cas realises what he wants. Dean’s deepest desire is to save people, and he knows the only way Paradise will be on Earth is if Michael kills Lucifer. But Dean also knows many people will die if he becomes Michael’s vessel. His desire is at odds with itself. That is how he managed to call Cas’s name - if he focuses on those people, he can change his actions. Not by much, but by enough to avoid Michael. The last one to save Dean from Michael, from the heavenly prison he was being held in, was Cas.
