"No," Dean shakes his head, "if you did— you would remember—"
They store Benny in the impalas trunk. More than enough space in there for a body, and Dean can keep an eye on him.
“You’re coming along nicely,” Death decides, “much more promising than before.”
He feels Sam shrug, “That— oh, fuck, that’s better than I hoped. I thought I was a goner,” he laughs, “a few days is better than dead.”
,” Cas sighs, and there’s a spark of light behind his eyes that makes Dean get a tad dry-mouthed, “it sings brightest when you’re adoring Sam. Or drinking in Robert’s affections. I— I hadn’t realized it would sing for me. I
“I don’t know if that will help,” Cas groans, “I should leave before—”
“Go!” Cas shouts, shoves Dean towards the rip in time and space, “go! I’ll hold them off!”
normal. And he let this happen. He said Sam should train, he talked Cas into teaching Sam, this all happened on his watch. Dean keeps waiting for Bobby to talk to him, to ask Dean what the hell he’s doing letting Sam get so out of control. Bobby never does.
going to,” Dean says. Though now that he’s said it, he thinks it could be hot.
She stole it for Benny.
Benny gives him an appraising look, “Can’t I be both?”
Cas is somewhere downstairs. Dean doesn’t know if he’s going to stay, if he’ll stay downstairs all night, or maybe he’ll drop into Dean’s room again. It’s hard to predict when Cas will get bored with watching people sleep, or get distracted watching condensation form on Bobby’s windows, or a bug crawling across the floor.
Dean shakes his head, “Bobby I— well, you heard me. What I said. Doesn’t matter if it’s a good idea or not. I’m in. For him.”
Instead the angels found them.
“It’s the first on purpose,” Dean clarifies.
Yet these kids are so soft, would be such easy kills, that Dean still wants to. Kill them, that is. Leave no witness, no rumors, of where The Human is, of where he's going. It's part habit, part pleasure at this point.
Cas is something huge and incomprehensible. That Cas is the creature piloting the body that Dean interacts with.
Quick glance at caller ID and he freezes. Benny? Why the hell is Benny calling?
Dean holds Cas’ gaze as he licks across Cas’ palm. He sees a ring of grace light up in Cas’ eyes. Nice. Score one for Dean.
Sam curses, his breath rolls out like a smokey exhale in the freezing temperature. He pulls the car over onto the shoulder and comes to a quick stop. He’s breathing heavy, and doesn’t take his hands off the steering wheel. He drops his head down, eyes screwed shut as he focuses.
Dean shudders. No, no, he can’t risk that. He can’t put Sam in that position.
Dean nearly leaps out of his skin, “Jesus, man, you need to warn— how about a heads up text next time?”
This is a very heavy opener, I know! I just want everyone to be on the same page, but also I didn’t want the ‘homophobic language’ tag hanging over this story, because it’s not there strongly enough (in my opinion) to warrant the tag, but it is there enough that I don’t want anyone to be surprised by it!
Cas finds the bottle of whiskey he didn’t drink yesterday, and claims it for himself.
Well that’s barely an answer at all.
Death sighs loudly at the state of the room— half-dead Sam, broken tv, windows blown out, and books scattered everywhere.
Sam doesn’t even flinch, “Tell me something I don’t know.”
Dean doesn't celebrate the victory. There's no time and he has a mission. Benny's soul burns in his arm, and there's fury in the back of his throat that burns if he lets himself think about Cas. But he can't think about that. He's alone, and exposed, and he has to get Benny out because a soul hurts in ways Dean can't describe.
Naked Cas? Sounds hot. Clothed Cas disrobed just enough for sex? Also hot. God, Dean’s so far gone for him.
Cas sounds dejected, delivering his thoughts, “perhaps we had fought before, or… perhaps we were created together.”
Dean swings his arm to leverage his bags up and into the truck bed. The bag holding the six— six!— jars of stupid fancy peanut butter spills and the cans roll everywhere.
Okay, okay. Happy moments with Sam. Just this morning! Laughing in the car. Grossing Sam out just to see his bitchy expressions.
“Cas?” Dean shakes his hand, to spur him to talk again. He can feel the back of his neck heating up because here he is holding hands with Cas in Bobby’s kitchen like he’s some lovey-dovey asshole.
But he’s right. Dean
“No mouths? That sucks.”
“I don't like this,” Bobby admits, “this feels like we’re in over our heads. Maybe we hand Cas over to heaven, and we plan to bust him out.”
home.
He can’t ask this. He really can’t, and Dean knows it. But if he doesn’t, then Sam is going to be trapped in purgatory. And Dean knows that Sam won’t survive it.
But his brain is working overtime, and now he's thinking hard again.
“It’s not the real devil, it’s
Cas regards Dean, staring at him. He likes to think on his answers. Dean waits. He wipes his hands off on a rag to give himself something to do.
“You aren’t mad?” Dean checks again.
And that’s not true, and Dean knows it, but most days it feels like Sam isn’t even
It ate him. He got eaten. They had him. He was— god he doesn’t even know what they were going to do, but there’s still ooze and chunks of leviathan stuck to him and it’s coming out his nose, his ears, his mouth, his eyes and—
“This is a severe cost to you,” Cas argues, “you give too much to me already.”
Sam still mumbles to himself, occasionally, but he also catches himself doing it now and stops. He still has nightmares, but they aren’t so bad that he throws up. They’re… normal. Standard hunter stuff. Sam can handle that.
“Hey, um,” Dean says, and he’s picking at the label on his bottle and not looking at Sam, “you said you… you’ve known for weeks.”
“What does that mean?” Dean asks.
Dean, because Dean is special to him. Because Cas is insanely special to Dean. And what if… what if heaven could just erase it all?
“He’s untethered in the flow of—” Cas trails off, and he grabs Dean by the sleeve of Dean’s jacket, “but you’re his anchor. You can call him back.”
Also Beano is so incredibly touch-starved. Thank GOD Cas is a clingy octopus sleeper.
Benny’s grin is all toothy, “Nice try. We never found the end of purgatory.”
“You’re protective,” Benny explains, “of him, of your angel. Speaks to a deeply ingrained character trait.”
Saying ‘I love you’ is harder than Dean thought. He needs practice.
“It’s good. I just… we gotta have The Talk.”
“What the hell?” Dean shouts, “what are you doing?”
!” Dean snaps, and then, “Sam help me lift him.”
Where the air had been filled with energy like lightning about to strike, like the end of the world was seconds from happening, now Dean sits alone. The sun is shining, it’s almost warm.
Could this be a fresh start?
“I’ll have a look at Sam,” Death decides.
“Besides,” Cas adds, “Sam already asked me to take care of you.”
These are their coping habits. Dean can feel Dad’s judgment from here, that Dean let Sam get this fucked up, that Dean hasn’t fixed him yet, and that Dean himself let some creature get close enough to hurt them all this badly.
Dean groans, “Cas just touch yourself already.”
There’s ice forming on Sam’s skin. Dean wants to scream. His brother is dying, in his arms,
“We’re gonna be okay,” Dean assures him, even though Sam can’t hear him.
Dean chews on that a moment, looks down at his hands. He twists his rag as he thinks, “Yeah. Yeah,” he agrees, “you’re right. I— I don’t know how to do this. How do I be supportive of this when I think it’s gonna go bad?”
“But I can give him the chance to process what he’s been through,” Cas says.
“Bees!” Sam scoffs.
Sex with Cas has always been good. Even when they were both fumbling through it, at the start, there was enough tension and trust built up between them that it felt good to simply touch one another. And they’ve only gotten better at it.
Cas is one of the strongest people Dean knows. And yet Dean wants to shelter him from the world, to keep him from heaven and all of it’s shit that twists Cas up and makes him think he’s weak.
Dean hesitates. Is that… that’s what Sam thinks of him? That he’s a killer? That he can’t even control himself?
, Benny said once.
“But maybe I can help people,” Sam says, “if I can use my powers for good, shouldn’t I?”
First night Cas did it, Dean immediately reached out to touch. His fingertips sparked like he touched a live wire, and ice-cold sensation shot up his arm all the way to the elbow. It doesn’t hurt, but it’s definitely not pleasant.
“I choose you,” Dean promises.
“Cas, just try some,” Dean says.
Maybe they can talk about Cas going down on Dean. But only after he’s gotten out of this ‘I like to bite’ phase he’s in.
Sam falls silent, staring ahead out the windshield.
Dean rolls his eyes. Nothing is working on Sam except forcing him to keep going. Babying him is only going to let him get worse.
He’s well-trained at staying quiet. Sam doesn’t know he’s having nightmares.
“Leviathans bite,” Cas says dismissively, “I will heal.”
sunshine for so long. He puts his machete down, gets up to walk towards it—
. Bobby gave Dean the ultimatum to change, but he hasn’t said anything about it since Dean got back from purgatory, and he treats Dean just the same. But he has Cas here, the one person he found he could always talk to, the person who heard him, and saw him in the way that no one else did.
And Cas doesn’t lie. That’s one thing
Dean starts looking for ways to guarantee Sam’s place in heaven. The whole playing field has changed with the loss of the archangels. Dean doesn’t know who’s in charge in heaven, and he can’t risk any angel getting wind of what he’s thinking. He can’t let them have that kind of leverage. Dean doesn’t tell Sam he has a solution, not yet.
Sam occupies the floor, with four different books in front of him that he flips pages at random. It’s bizzare to watch him at work— he’s one of if not
“Oh,” and Dean can’t keep himself from smiling. God, Cas wants everyone to know that he wants Dean— wants him emotionally, physically, spiritually, carnally. He wants
“Well if you can see it, then, can you do anything?” Dean asks.
what he is. What he’s capable of, and what he’s going to do—”
Dean clutches his beer to keep his hands from shaking.
that he and Cas are gonna have to brawl this out. He’s kind of excited about it. Maybe it’ll be something dumb like competing for who can kill the most monsters, or who’s the better man. He’s never known something so far from human, it makes him excited to see what Cas can do.
“Are you gonna be picky about textures now too?”
sucking dick. Or, is pretty sure he does. He’s only blown one vampire.
He picks himself up, and keeps moving.
Thank you everyone for all of the kind, enthusiastic and fun comments last chapter!! I have had Dean's 'i love you' scene planned since I started writing Sam's pov and I've been DYYYYING to share it. And now we're here!! What does this mean for Dean n Cas??? How will Dean try to rationalize this in a terrible way?? We'll have to find out!
that nice,” he holds up a finger as he counts, “you want to go home? I’m taking you there. You want to find your angel? Here we are. You want a good fuck? Well, you know the rules.”
He takes notes on things that might help Cas. Even stuff that would have helped with Sam, maybe for a little bit. Dean kicks himself for not trying this shit while Sam was going downhill, for ignoring it at first and then feeling too tired and too busy to have time to try and help his brother. He tries not to think of how lots of this stuff, the signs and symptoms, sound like Dad.
Cas looks down on Sam and Dean, and Dean wonders again why something like an angel— seraphim, whatever— wastes his time with messed up humans like them.
“I’m worried,” Dean clarifies.
And Dean failed, is what Bobby doesn’t say.
The people here are so blind, so trusting, and Dean is the fox in the hen house. He gets hungry and his first thought is to kill. He gets bored and he wonders how many people he could kill before getting found. People are loud, people put their backs to him, people give him lifts in their cars, and Dean wants to kill them all. He hasn’t killed in days. Not killing means there’s nothing to kill because there’s a leviathan on his tail.
“Is it working?” Dean asks.
He turns Dean’s head, forcing Dean to break eye contact, and finishes shaving him.
. What the hell does Benny think he’s doing?
How much to tell him? Benny’s a vamp. Dean’s a hunter. Sworn enemies and all that.
Sam bolts upright with a yell. Dean almost leaps into Cas’ arms in shock.
“Cas,” Dean starts, and then isn’t sure where he’s going with it, “what’s going on?”
It feels bold to straddle Cas, to have him between Dean’s knees, dick out, in his bed. For a brief moment Dean does
him, kissing him, holding him, it feels overwhelming. Everything is Cas, everything is that electric hum under Cas’ skin, hanging in the air because it’s Cas filling the space around them, it’s Cas who’s so
Cas is looking at him.
Dean stares at Sam. Bobby and Cas are watching Sam carefully. Sam doesn’t know?
Dean’s never been so grateful for Bobby. It takes two of them to pin Sam when he gets violent. They barely stop him from trying to claw his own eyes out. Sam has red cuts on his face for days, and is surprised at his reflection every time he sees it. Like he doesn’t remember what caused them.
but Dean’s not thinking about her.
“It was the apocalypse— like, biblical,” Dean starts. He doesn’t think he’s ever been able to tell this story in it’s entirety, to someone who he doesn’t need to censor for. With Lisa he gave her the spark notes, just to wet her appetite. She didn’t need to know all the grisly details, didn’t need to feel like the world was full of chaos and humanity was all alone.
“What a mess,” he says.
Bonus is that it’s the first step to sealing the gates of hell.
“I’m not perfect,” Cas snaps right back, “this was always a danger.”
WARNINGS: discussions of child abuse/living with an abusive parent.
“Hey, hey, easy now. I’m okay,” Dean assures him, “Sam? You hear me? I’m okay.”
“You said it was big. What’s going on?” Benny asks.
“Arch… angels?” Sam tries.
Dean thinks he could get Cas and Sam back to the bunker now, and that they can take things from there. Bobby refuses to let them leave until Death returns.
The kitchen feels small, with the sunlight cut out and Death sitting in the midst of them.
, is actually happening.
“I’m not— I’m not touching you. Or doing anything for you. So why—”
“Good afternoon, Dean,” Death says, standing in the doorway to Bobby’s kitchen, “Sam.”
“Benny has— we found his family. A descendant,” she says, and she looks out the window to where the impala is parked, “he wants to know her. To connect to her. To find out what became of his lineage.”
The orgasm blows right through him from head to toe. It’s not lightning, not like Dean knows it, but like a kettle on the stove it never seemed to be doing anything, until suddenly it’s screaming.
Sam apologizes to Dean a lot, for being a burden. He cries about it while Dean’s got him pinned in the shower, ice cold water pouring down on them, because Sam woke up screaming about burning and wouldn’t snap out of it. The motel manager is banging on the door, saying they’re going to call the police. Sam’s crying, and Dean can’t tell if it’s in shame or if it’s because he still thinks he’s on fire. Sam wishes he was dead, and Dean promises Sam that he loves him and Dean can’t survive losing someone else.
“Living,” Andrea says, and laughs at her own joke. She peels the lid off of a little container of cream, and pours it into her coffee. And then another. And a third.
He’s a grown man hiding under his bed because he’s having an anxiety attack because he kissed someone. No, he’s not okay.
“What?” Dean realizes, “you’ve seriously never heard this one? Even I’ll admit it’s a classic.”
Now Bobby’s talking out his ass. Dean laughs, “You and I both know Dad would have knocked me stupid if I came home to tell him I was… you know.”
“Sam you
“Sam’s powers, all that shit. Do you think… was it Lucifer the whole time?” Dean wonders.
Alone.
Bobby pours out some whiskey onto the grave, a sort of farewell.
self.
Dean looks down at his plate. Fuck.
Dean wakes to an
Dean wants to be more coherent, but waking up either makes him feel like he needs to
After that last encounter, he’s almost certain there’s something in the air, maybe in the water, that fucks with everything in purgatory. Dean’s been noting a difference in how he thinks about Sam and Cas, with a weird kind of distance to all of his problems that aren’t the things in front of him. Maybe it’s survival, or maybe it’s purgatory messing with his head and stripping away any internal conflict he might have that could make him hesitate in a fight.
Dean tosses it into the cart.
“It doesn’t feel like a win,” Dean whimpers. He’s got Cas by the front of his jacket, to pull him close, to try and hold on. Cas is back, Cas came back and now Dean isn’t alone. Maybe— maybe he’ll stay? Maybe Dean doesn’t fuck everything up.
Dean grimaces, “I don’t like calling it that.”
that houses this power, then channels your will. Your body did not run the same gauntlet. It is human. It is fragile. The only reason you haven’t completely destroyed yourself is because your body was meant to host an archangel and can therefore endure more.”
“It’s not…” Dean wonders for a moment, weighs the argument in his head, “it’s not like that. Seriously. I just wanna suck your dick.”
“As a matter of fact I do,” Bobby says, “and I’m gonna regret that for the rest of my life.”
“Look, I am having an
“You pray every night, and he doesn’t answer. We’ve been hunting him long enough that you’re starting to die from deficiencies. I don’t see what makes him so important,” Benny figures.
“The pizza man,” Cas says, like it should be obvious.
“What the—” Bobby shouts as Dean flies five feet back, lands practically on top of Sam in Bobby’s living room. Cas’ grace surges through him like a river, and Dean is already forgetting any of the pain he was in. Sam’s kicking and flailing, and Dean has to shove him off to get onto his hands and knees.
“Good to have you,” Bobby agrees, and waves Sam in, “now get over here, we need someone with brains on this.”
“Now get started,” he orders, “I’m going to make some calls.”
Cas shakes his head, “I didn’t check— I knew you were in danger. I flew to you…” and now he rolls his shoulders, like there’s an itch on his back he can’t quite reach, “I think he— Sam reshaped me.”
“What?” Cas asks innocently, and curls his fingers to hit Dean’s prostate.
Bobby and Cas return with snacks. Sam challenges Dean with a ‘race you home!’ and then they have to scramble to get their passengers to hurry into their respective vehicles and peel out of the lot.
He sleeps in the bathtub with his blade in his hand.
“Pervert,” Dean accuses.
Dad would shut this down. He would see the dangerous path Sam has put himself on, and say
Dragonfish
Dean shoves. Cas steps back. His eyes are narrowed in thought.
"Sam’s not just like the devil,” Dean snaps.
“Cas knows my pattern,” Sam reasons, “he would have noticed my weaving style.”
“What?”
The fangs retract.
Dean never even considered that— and suddenly he’s replaying all of Cas’ hottest moments and all the embarrassing positions he’s been in. Or wait— shit— could it have even been of him and Benny?
Sam groans softly. Is he waking up?
Cas pushes Dean’s hand back towards him, and releases him, “No. I’ve been busy.”
“You still on the soul viagra?” Dean jokes.
The blood on his face itches. He’s got fucking
It’s more than muscle memory at this point, it’s pure instinct, and Dean starts swinging. He’s sure he made a mess. His heart is in his throat, his eyes feel bloodshot with rage. If he can’t trust Sam and Bobby— and how could he? They’re both too weak, they wouldn’t have survived purgatory, they don’t understand— so he goes to the safest place he can think of.
“I already told you,” Dean argues, “I— I want it. I— I’m human. I
But Dean’s not Dad. Not by a long shot.
Dean turns around in time to see Cas’ absolutely scorching scowl.
Dean should have seen it coming. He’s been warned several times, by Cas and Sam as well, that what they’re doing is dangerous, that there’s a risk for harm. Sam wanted to train his powers so he didn’t end up over his head or hurting people, but now he’s hurting himself. Dean didn’t even know Cas’ grace could do that to him. Cas’ wings didn’t hurt Dean in purgatory? But when Dean looks back on all the warnings he got, the facts seem obvious. Why didn’t he see it coming? Should he try and stop them?
"Because he's a vampire?" Cas asks, "Sam is quite forgiving of non-human creatures. I think he would understand."
Dean groans. That’s going to be so much work. And Dean’s going to have to do it all.
Cas says it with a smile, like he’s thinking about it. Dean’s stomach twists up. Does Cas love Meg too? Because that’s how angels are? He’s too scared to ask.
“I’ll take care of you,” Benny promises.
Naomi said Cas was breaking loose? From
“I wanna watch you jerk off,” Dean says, “I think it’ll be hot.”
“Cas doesn’t need to be on a leash,” Dean snaps.
Sam’s legs give out and he sits down in the middle of the kitchen.
Cas loves him, refused to fuck him, but isn’t holding the time Dean kissed him or the many times Dean asked Cas to fool around against him. He hasn’t brought it up, either.
Sam punches him in the shoulder again, wipes his eyes with the cuff of his hoodie sleeve, “Love you too, jerk.”
“You said that earlier,” Dean says, and he wants to tease Cas, and call him a weirdo. But Dean’s the one hiding under the bed, “what is that?”
But Sam doesn’t say any more. Dean’s heart starts beating again.
Dean wants to go to him, but, he needs to know— he has to be smart.
Vamp rests his blade on his shoulder. At ease, surrounded by all the other creatures he just killed, “what would you say if I told you I know the way out?”
Happy 100k to this fic!! Look how far we've come!!!!
“Lisa liked to talk shit out. I guess it works for some people,” Dean figures. Lisa and Ben got along well, like a normal parent and child should. Dean learned a lot from watching her. Realized a lot of things he missed out on.
Cas is one of them. Cas is family. He gets the same level of forgiveness that they all get.
Dean shrugs.
It’s a stupid plan. It’s a terrible plan. Cas is on the brink of suicidal, heaven’s most wanted
but it’s cooler than inside, and he shivers at the change. He never thought he’d say it, but it’s a relief to be outside again.
Sam’s face twists into a pathetic smile, “It sucked getting you into the car. I don’t want to see your ass ever again,” he agrees.
Cas’s grip tightens, “I want to be with you.”
“Alive,” Benny agrees, “if you do as I say. Starting with this. Now c’mere.”
“What? No. You’re my brother, end of story.”
, weird happens.”
Dean inhales. He can still back out. Because after this there’s no going back. After this, purgatory has changed him. Has made him into his most monstrous, pure self.
And gosh, wow, okay. That does something warm and gooey to Dean’s heart. The thought that Cas wants Dean around for a long time. Dean’s face heats up. His ears are hot.
“Get up,” Cas snaps. He looks like Dean tried to take a bite out of him.
“Wait—” and she’s gone.
Cas takes the silence as his cue to keep talking, “I appreciate all that you two have done for—”
So here they are: Dean's undressing Cas and trying to figure out if he's ready to commit to sex, and he just triggered a whole fuckton of unpleasant conversation topics.
He doesn’t like this one bit. This is
“They’re still there,” Dean lets him know, and he looks at Cas, “I thought you said you fixed them?”
“I thought I knew better,” Cas admits, and he stares at Dean, eyes wide, “I thought I could fix it all, and spare you more pain.”
"I was... I've been thinking," Cas starts.
“Oh, check the pocket. I got something for you,” Benny recalls.
“It’s definitely about you,” Dean insists.
“Oh,” Dean says, and doesn’t know what else to follow it up with.
“Our agreement was that I get you to your body, and then we part ways,” Dean reminds him, “I held up my end. Now we go.”
save everyone,” Dean reminds him.
Sam goes quiet a moment, and Dean wonders if they’ve popped a hole in Sam’s imaginary friend’s theory. That this will be what shocks Sam back to reality.
Sam took it well. Insisted that he would be fine. He’s supposed to check in with them three times a day. Dean gets more and more nauseous the further they get. But Sam’s a big boy. Dean gave him the pep talk and everything.
“That’s why I need your help,” Sam reminds him, “I’ll learn from Rowena once we find her. How to do that kind of magic without blowing up. And then you, me and Cas find monsters that want to be saved. And we can change the whole world this way! Think about it— if we can cure like, werewolves or vampires or even rougaru? This could save so many more people than we did while hunting.”
Sam squints at him, but he’s just as tired as Dean and lets it drop.
“It’s what my master wanted,” Andrea says, with a certainty to her words, “and what he wanted, I wanted. One instant I was human, watching them kill the love of my life, and then after I was turned it felt like I ceased to be. All I wanted was my masters affection, and approval, because without it he would not let us feed.”
“I understand you do not feel kindly towards me,” Naomi says, “but that is not important. What is important is that you let us take Castiel now before it’s too late.”
“Let me,” Dean says, and pushes Cas’ hand away. It feels fucking
“Not gay,” Dean corrects, “definitely not gay. What was it? Bi, yeah. And I don’t panic.”
fuck him for as long as Dean wants, “uh— oh god— okay. Slow, we’re gonna go slow to start. And then, um, we can go harder. Later.”
“Clearly he didn’t listen,” Cas jokes.
Bobby grunts an agreement, sips at his beer, “I’ll keep looking,” he says, “you get some rest. It’s my turn on watch.”
“Yes,” Cas says, and he leans forwards on his elbows, “you should probably rest—”
Silence on the other end.
“Dean?” he asks.
“What does that mean?” Bobby asks, and he hefts his shotgun higher on his shoulder, “Cas I like you, but you need to start explaining things fast. You hurt one of my boys, bad, and I don’t take that lightly.”
Benny looks up at him in a stupor, and blinks off the haze of the striga’s life-drain.
“That something about you… inspires
"You okay?" Dean checks.
Dean sits back, “Have we not…” he trails off, thinks, “oh shit!”
“And you tried it John’s way, and it’s not working,” Bobby insists, “if you want to help Sam, you
It’s Cas, as always, who saves him.
“Who’s side are you on?” Dean demands.
“Will it be soft?” Cas checks.
Dean matches his tone, “That’s… that’s what they do, though. Right?”
Dean keeps his eyes on him as Benny steps closer. Benny grabs him by the chin to lift his face.
He shrugs off his coat, and hands it over to Dean.
Cas rolls his eyes, and shrugs it off. And then he actually pauses, and looks around as to where he's going to hang it.
“I don’t like food,” Cas reminds him.
And here he is. Just had sex with a guy. Didn’t even get his clothes off.
“Never had a home,” Dean says, “never— never had a place, with people I love.”
“I don’t know how much you know about me,” Dean says, “but my brother is everything. It’s my job, you know, to look after him.”
Dean loves him. It’s so fresh, so huge, that Dean isn’t sure he understands what it means.
“No,” Dean realizes.
“There’s a—I can do a skin graft. A transplant. Or like it,” Sam says, “and it can hold you together until your grace recovers.”
thing he has from Cas. There wasn’t a body to burn, so Dean should burn this. Send Cas off to… to wherever angels get to go when they die. If Cas is allowed there.
It’s unfair for someone to be this hot.
Were they
Dean barely registers Sam’s twitch— one of his tics when he’s stressed— his head jerks briefly to the side.
, “I’m so tired of fighting, and people dying.”
This chapter was very much a ‘there’s no way out’ scenario. With Bobby’s support, he and Dean were barely keeping Sam functional. But this is the chapter where Bobby is shot by the leviathans and now in a coma. With only Dean to shoulder the effort of taking care of Sam, it’s fighting a losing battle because Dean can’t do this on his own. This is where the brothers start co-sleeping again, for Sam’s wellbeing, that we see them doing a lot in To Exist Again. Dean struggles to do everything he can to not be his father. As Sam further loses his grip on reality, to the point that he goes days without knowing who Dean is, and his attempts to kill himself increase, Dean is driven to considering killing the both of them in the hopes that it might give Sam some peace when he’s dead.
“Do you think that’s what I should have done?” Dean wonders. He feels… simultaneously guilty and proud. Guilty that he couldn’t live up to what Bobby thought he should do to protect Sam, that he failed his one duty in life, but also proud that Dad obviously wasn’t so bad that Dean had to kill him to escape him.
The other awful thing about existing in a primordial dimension meant to house a predator from before things in the water started breathing real air, is that he has to shit in the woods. And because Dean’s life is a constant uphill battle, he’s gotta go dig a hole and all that, well, crap because everything in purgatory is like a bloodhound and Dean happens to be the only thing in this entire world that poops.
feeling the aftermath of sex in scratches or sore muscles, or like when Benny left bruises on him. He wants Cas to finally mark him— no, not finally. Fuck, Cas has marked him for life from the moment they met. He wants to give himself to Cas, to feel Cas on him,
Benny gets impatient at Dean’s stalling. He hacks a chunk of flesh from the body closest to him— the female vamp who pinned Dean yesterday. Benny holds the meat out to Dean.
“Death healed my injuries enough to keep me from dying. But they still hurt,” Cas groans as he takes a half-step to Dean.
“Let me tell you what I think,” the vamp drawls. He’s got a weird accent, “I think you’re all alone, and that you wanna go home.”
“I’m— I’m aware of the overall nature of the act,” Cas says, and the bright glow in his eyes fades as his uncertainty settles in, “but I don’t know specifics.”
“Because of me?” Cas asks, “I did that?”
“Better?” Dean checks. Sam nods, silent. Sam’s still wheezing, and now that he’s got Sam pulled up against him Dean can feel how Sam’s shaking. With his free hand Dean covers Sam’s on his chest, where Sam’s got a handful of Dean’s shirt, and he squeezes lightly as he breathes in, and then breathes out slowly. It takes a few rounds, and then Sam’s matching him. His other arm is half-pinned under Sam, and the best he can do is loosely hold his brother.
to be disorienting. Endless forest, nonstop fog, and the sun never sets. Constant, unending twilight that gave Dean a headache after an hour of squinting and trying to make sense of his surroundings. It fucks up his depth perception, and makes it hard to see anything at a distance.
between them, that Dean feels for Cas, their friendship— it doesn’t change. Not even when Dean knows Cas is into him.
“You’re not,” Dean cuts him off, “you’re— you’re in recovery.”
Cas yawns again.
“You heard me,” Dean shrugs, trying to be nonchalant, “Cas and I, we uh, talked. We’re okay to, you know, stay like this. With my soul supporting him, he’s free from heaven.”
“Maybe if Sam feels like you aren’t judging his powers, he will not feel the need to be secretive? If you show overwhelming support, it would alleviate his fears that you will act like your father towards him.”
Dean pats Sam’s chest, “Okay. Well. If everyone’s good, then I’m starv—”
Dean has to remember to draw the full sigil to ward against angels. He’s gotten so used to drawing the altered sigil, that allows Cas in, that he keeps drawing it by mistake.
Now, finally, Benny laughs softly, “Eternal bond, yeah. Down in the soul, or something like that. Normally goes both ways, cause it’s supposed to be two vamps and all that. Helps you keep track of the things that matter most. And what it’s telling me is that you are still messed up, and not as fine as you’re saying. Where are you?”
“No fucking way,” Sam insists, “that’s impossible.”
Sam bolts upright, head turned, and
“Shoot,” Dean offers.
Warnings: mentions of complicated relationships with parents (namely John Winchester).
Sam’s standing near the drivers side of the new car. He’s talking to himself again. Dean can’t make out the words, but he can see Sam’s mouth move as he mumbles.
It strikes Dean in the moment that he could have kissed Cas. Maybe. He’s got his face pressed to Cas’ shoulder, arms wrapped tight around him so that Cas will never get away from him again. He doesn’t know if he
Oh that’s… okay. That’s a lot to unpack. And, once more, Dean wishes Cas wouldn’t spout this kind of shit right in front of Bobby. He keeps expecting Bobby to comment on it, to make fun of him, but the hit isn’t coming.
“Seraphim as you describe them are unerringly loyal, they
“I’m fine,” Sam insists. He does not look fine. He looks sick, like he’s going to start hurting himself or losing time again and why didn’t Dean notice? Why was he so wrapped up in his own shit that he missed that Sam’s falling apart again?
She rips another packet of sugar. There’s a small pile of garbage starting to gather in front of her, and oh,
“Wait— poison?” Dean asks. He knew heaven was judgmental about Cas, but it was always about Cas not following orders. This feels like a new bad way of talking about him. What changed?
Sam slaps at their hands, but lets them roll him. He spits up on the cot, all dark red, and wheezes. He doesn’t try to sit up again.
“From the moment I met you, I have been… drawn to you,” Cas confesses, “I can’t trust what that was anymore. I can’t trust that I could disobey you.”
"I do it for Sam," Dean mumbles, "when he can't sleep."
“Yes,” Cas agrees, and then he says, “I’m not very good at being friends. But, I’ll try to be better.”
knows, how messed up Dean is. And he thinks there’s something worth liking.
“You can trust Dean,” Sam says, and Cas looks to Sam again. They don’t speak, just staring at each other across the room. Are they talking telepathically? What does this long look mean? Why are they being so weird?
the fucking sun.
“I don’t think so,” Sam figures, “he… I mean, like, I had to fold him up to wrap your soul around him, but like, I didn’t intend to trap him like that.”
“I don’t know,” Sam admits.
“So get off my fucking case!” Dean orders, “go guilt trip someone else—”
“What are we doing?” he jokes.
Dean was there, saw the bloodbath at Chuck’s, and yet here’s Cas standing before him. Saving him and Sam, again. Cas should be dead, but he’s alive. No consequence, like he was
It’s not like they have to jump to the full deal the first time. A little lead up won’t hurt. Plus, then they can gauge if Cas even wants to go for the full penetrative queer sex. Dean got enough experience fooling around with Benny. He has some tricks Cas might like.
“Honey is good for humans, you should add it to your diet,” Cas says.
“I don’t know how to be involved without making things worse,” Cas sighs, “I’m the reason heaven is so badly fractured in the first place.”
, but Dean doesn’t have too much intention. Doesn’t feel like Cas does either. They’re both vibing, breathing, feeling this connection between them. Have they always been heading to this moment? Has it just taken both of them this many years to wake up and realize?
He reaches out to shake Sam’s shoulder. Sam wakes with an angry groan.
Or, oh fuck, did Sam get more psychic visions of him and Benny? That’s how he found out about Dean and Cas. Is Sam making fun of him somehow?
They hug for what Dean thinks is an embarrassingly long time. He’s still teary-eyed when he finally thinks he’s okay to let go. Bobby surprises him by being teary-eyed too. They point and laugh at each other, and mutually decide to stay on the steps until they don’t look like they were crying.
Dean slips Cas some tongue, reaches down with his hands to start untucking Cas’ button up from his pants. Feels the faint vibration of grace under Cas’ skin pick up in intensity. Like TV static at 2am, after the programming ends.
“Yeah,” Dean says, “he’s gonna try and take it off or whatever.”
“You good?” Dean checks.
“No. I’m just saying that Death, Naomi and the other angels weren’t wrong to be worried about Cas being able to make choices for himself. He was never designed for that— hell, they had him so under wraps he
Cas curls forwards, head in his hands. Dean crosses the room, takes a breath to compose himself, and then touches Cas’ shoulder. His soul surges through him, and drops his stomach at the thought of what’s going on with Cas right now. Cas should be able to pull out of his vessel— it’s like a sock puppet. That’s what angels use humans for. And now he can’t? What does that make him? What did Sam do to them?
It takes Dean a second to root through to find what he’s talking about. He pulls out…
, and it feels like this has been a long time coming, and a lot like coming home. And this is all too fairy tale, too soft, and Dean’s wanted this for years now and he can’t stop.
“Okay,” Dean agrees, “if— I don’t know if it’ll work, but if that’s what you want. You’re out.”
"With you," Cas insists, "because you love—"
“Why don’t you want to go home?” Dean asks, “are you—”
“Sam?” Dean calls, “c’mon Sam. I don’t know what I’m doing— Cas, it isn’t working— why won’t he wake up?”
with him. Cas loves him. Dean loves
But to hear Cas say it? Fuck. It’s wrong. It’s insane, to be walking around just
“I’m gonna figure it out,” Dean promises, “okay? So you just hang in there until then. I’m not losing you.”
“C’mon son, wake up!” Bobby’s saying.
Sam isn’t a big fan of Cas, and that surprises Dean. Cas has done so much for them, been through so much with them, that Dean forgets Cas was his friend first. He also can’t forget how Cas hurt Sam, but, then again, Dean’s fucked Sam up himself plenty of times himself. Complicated relationships are a Winchester forte.
Dean reaches out to grab one of Sam’s hands. He has to yank to get Sam to let go of the steering wheel. Dean closes both hands around Sam’s, tries not to flinch at how unnaturally hot Sam’s skin is from using his powers. He can’t see any cuts or bites on his forearms. Okay, okay. Sam is freaked out, but he doesn’t seem to have relapsed at all. He just needs to calm down, and then Dean can focus on the next issue.
Benny’s going to get them out of here. Cas and Benny should have no issue, and yet here they are again.
Dean finds out he’s been gone for a year. And some. It’s worse than he’d hoped, but better than he’d feared. Was it only a year in purgatory too, or does time move faster there? Did Dean spend years in the woods honing himself into a killing machine, or did it only take a few months to reveal what kind of monster he is.
“We’ll see,” Dean agrees, and he leans back against the counter, “is that what you wanted to talk about?”
of years. Thousands of years of being tortured while Dean did nothing to save him.
Dean laughs, blinks tears out of his eyes.
Dean looks over his shoulder to see who Sam’s talking to. He sees no one. Fuck.
“I’m not leaving here without you,” Dean says, “Cas we’re going home together. Didn’t you hear me? I— I prayed to you. All the time! Why didn’t you look for me?”
First step is to stop being so nervous. Best way to do that is to get horny. Cas makes that really easy for him.
“I should go,” Cas says.
Cas has joined them for a hunt. He’s been lurking around a lot lately. Not that Dean’s complaining. He sometimes wakes up wondering if he imagined Cas getting out of purgatory, only to find Cas waiting for them to wake up. Whether that’s at Bobby’s, in the bunker, or 2am in their motel room.
Death stares at Sam, Sam stares back. Is this aggressive? Is Sam squaring off? Dean isn’t sure if he’s supposed to start eating, or wait for Death to have the first bite. The ball of fried dough is hot in his fingers.
for me, I am sexless by nature,” Cas tries.
His knees are crap, and crack in very unsexy ways, but Dean manages a fairly controlled descent until he’s looking up at Cas.
better than Dean. He should have been better!
“Leviathans like groups. Means there’s more to eat,” Benny explains, “the bigger your party, the more they want to join. That’s why you stay in small groups when you’re out in the woods.”
Cas goes on like things are normal. Dean tries to follow the example. He starts to question things.
“Not married!” Dean reminds them.
Dean turns on the news, if only to have something to stare at. Sam lets out a content sigh, head pillowed on Dean’s shoulder. Cas’s hand is warm in his.
Dean decides to go for a treat: Sam’s favorite peanut butter on toast. Honey-whipped frou frou nonsense, if you ask Dean. But Bobby insisted on getting it for Sam.
Cas doesn’t even look at Sam. He’s looking at Dean, and Dean can hear the apology. Cas thinks this was his fault.
Turns out that’s not the only reason why.
“Why, you need to talk to him?”
“That’s sex,” Dean shrugs, and he feels like there’s a deeper question but he can’t figure it out, “I— I’ve never liked it when only one person gets off, especially if it’s me. Feels greedy.”
“Because they were afraid, and smart enough to kneel,” Cas says.
“Secrecy,” Cas says, “I remember.”
use him and Sam as bait, and it worked.
Benny lets out a low laugh, and this close to him, Dean feels it more than he can hear it. Feels Benny’s big hands on his hip, the other running up his thigh.
Benny shrugs, but turns away to give Dean and Cas some space.
Dean bites his tongue. He wants to yell
Sam likes tea to calm him down. Maybe it’ll work for Cas too. He has to do something with his hands or he’ll start climbing walls.
“No,” Dean says, and he wants to say
. Because he can. He could. Cas kissed him back!
“Did you know humans can be trained to orgasm several times in a night?” Cas appears while Dean is detailing the impala’s interior. Dean startles and smacks his head on the roof when he jumps.
" beano... please look at ur gender PLEASE (he won't)
"And that's not— that was Purgatory. It's not like that now," Dean explains, "I just— I need to tell Sam I'm going. You don't have to come if you don't— I mean, you can come. If you want. I just— I don't want to tell Sam."
“Dean,” Cas gasps, and Dean freezes in shame.
No injuries— but more blood in Sam’s right hand. Did something stab him in the palm? Is he poisoned?
“Lucifer?” Sam picks up on, and his voice gets quiet, “what… what about him?”
No, he realizes. He’s not able to be the friend Cas deserves, not yet.
Dean wakes to Cas sprawled over him. Head tucked under Dean’s chin, one leg thrown over Dean’s.
And then Cas comes along and says
“Benny’s with us,” Dean reminds Cas when the silence goes on too long.
“Are you wearing
Dean feels the air go out of the room. Cas can’t say that. Their relationship works because Cas looks away when Dean fucks up and figures it out until he can do things right. Besides, Dean didn’t mean it the way Cas does. How the hell do they go on, if this is going to sit between them?
That’s the same motion he’s looking at. This thing has gills? What the fuck? Is it
is officially longer than
Sam nods, “Don’t worry, I got him.”
“Sometimes time is what you need, and the only thing that works,” Bobby says.
“While Sam was uh, not doing well,” and Dean wants to rush over that because he’s not trying to badger Cas on that, “I realized I needed to change. It— the way I was doing things, my Dad’s way, it wasn’t right. I honestly have no idea what I’m doing still, I’m making it up as I go. But I’ve got so few people in my life that I care about, and I, uh, I want to do right by them.”
Bobby hesitates a moment, curses under his breath, and says, “I can already tell you’re gonna twist yourself up about this. So let me try and save you a few years of misery: do you want to know what my biggest regret is?”
, and then he’s never letting Cas go.
Sam can’t get rid of the shake in his hands, or his new body tics. Like when he flinches and looks over his shoulder, or his eyes track things that aren’t there. Even on his good days, sometimes he still talks to himself.
“I’ve got you,” Cas repeats. That same line they shared back at Bobby’s, the night Cas’ world fell apart.
to be. Dean wants to believe that. It’s easier to believe that this is insidious, and not divine intervention. Because why Dean? Why would they pick him? What’s the angle they think they have over Dean, because they sure didn’t fish him out of hell for being a good person.
“I have to save him!” Dean snaps.
“Why the hell wasn’t Angel taking care of you?” Benny growls.
“It hasn’t been unpleasant,” Cas says. Which is what you say when you’re trying not to hurt someone’s feelings.
Dean shakes his head, “No, Death… likes me? I think?”
Dean almost rolls his eyes. As if he could forget that he’s dating something so far from human that if he looked on Cas’ real face it would burn his eyes out.
Sam’s so on board with his ‘I don’t want to hunt bad monsters’ crusade that he might be okay helping Benny. But what if Benny makes a pass at Dean? What if Sam figures it out?
He’s going to die.
For a guy who looks like he’s going to keel over at any second, Death is faster than Dean expects. The tip of his cane hits Dean in the collarbone and it’s so cold it burns, even though his shirt. Dean’s frozen in place and can’t move anything but his eyes.
“I thought it was funny,” Death remarks.
Dean hesitates. There’s so many things in his head. Love means
Dean’s rage sinks. Bobby’s staring at him from his spot by the door. He knows. He
“Only me?” Dean asks.
a good chunk of ribs and shit. The arm might only be hanging in there because it’s caught in the fabric of her blazer.
Vamps and scent. It’s a thing for them.
“I wanted to be left behind! Don’t you get it?” Cas rounds on him, and it’s been so long since Dean’s seen Cas’
Dean does.
Benny pushes himself upright with a laugh.
“He can’t!” Andrea says, “he can’t choose, because he’s already chosen!”
they all hiss at once, their voices overlapping. They all stress the s-sound like they’re doing their best to be evil snakes.
Cas stops him with a palm to Dean’s chest, and he doesn’t even break a sweat to hold Dean back like his arm is suddenly made of rebar.
“And sometimes he tells you made up words or how to light an angel on fire with a bullet,” Dean points out, “I thought we were sharing our shit!”
Cas is studying Dean with intense scrutiny, which reminds Dean that they also have a
Dean bares his teeth as he talks, “You think that’s what I want?” He dreamed about sucking Benny off the other night. So far he’s pretty sure Benny doesn’t know.
“We don’t have time for this,” Dean snaps.
going after Sam. Who is he? Which one does he want to be? Is it too late for him? Is he his father’s son? Is he doomed to make all of Dad’s mistakes? Cleaned up his mess, tried to do better, and turned into the old man anyways. Is that Dean’s lot in life?
“A book,” Cas says, looking up at Dean like he’s not being evasive.
"One hour. Got it," said Eileen as she looked up at Sam with a smile. "Love you."
The moment was short-lived, fortunately, as he felt the pain slither away, replaced by a sense of comfort. Someone was standing next to him with an arm on his shoulder. Dean looked up at the trench coat and tie.
Sam slumped on the floor as the noise and light reached their peak. He joined his brother, unconscious against the barn wall, when the entity of light consumed them.
“Get your fucking hands off me, bloodsucker,” Dean snarls. “You got what you wanted.  I want to go to bed now.”
Dr. Barnes frowns but she lets the topic drop.  "Dean, I won't pull punches.  All that American-made steel saved your life but it's also responsible for most of your injuries.  You've got a long road ahead of you."  She glances at Sam.  "You also have one of the best support systems I've seen in a while.  Get some rest.  We'll talk next steps when you're a little stronger."
You turned them over to be chipped and registered. Tracked like fucking animals in the wild.”
Castiel knows it's the feral side of his nature talking now.  Dean most likely doesn't understand what his actions mean to a vampire -- male semen, female lubrication -- they are some of the strongest scent markers in the human body besides blood.  By leaving the mix to slowly penetrate his skin, Dean is telling any and all that he belongs completely to Castiel right down to the very way he smells.  He's offering up his free will on a very delectable platter.  Dean gasps as the bond between them suddenly pulls tight, like a strap being ratcheted down.  Castiel grips Dean's chin and forces their gazes to meet.  He lifts Dean up and settles him on the counter.  His Feeder's erection is stretching the briefs he wears.  Castiel's rational mind reminds him that Dean is new to the ways of vampires -- it could be that Dean's hunger merely overrode his need to clean himself.  Castiel tells his rational mind to fuck off.  His - oh yes,
Dean wakes up slowly. Chapped lips shred even further when Dean yawns and he grimaces running fingertips over them.  When he does so, he sees the I.V. tube running from the back of his hand and looks over at the bag hanging from an aluminum stand.  He sits up and regrets the move immediately as the room takes a sickening lurch to the left.  Dean feels his stomach following behind and clenches his eyes shut.  After a moment, the nausea recedes and Dean thinks he can move without puking his guts up.
Castiel sauntered over to Dean and drew a long, clawed digit down the freshly shaved cheek.  He savored the bright hops scent of Dean’s blood. Castiel breathed his words over Dean’s slightly open lips.
beginning to form again.  He starts the water, checks the temperature and then adds his favorite lavender foaming oil.  An soft huff pulls his attention back to his Feeder.  Dean scrubs one hand down his face and regards the vampire flatly.
"Language," Mary murmurs absently.  "But yes ... it
Sam’s frown doesn’t lessen much but Dean knows he’s considering.  Then the corners of Sam’s mouth twitch and he speaks.
“As you wish, my pretty one … as you wish.”
Castiel nods. [He certainly seems ... friendly.] He pauses between bites to frown. [Were you two ... intimate?]
Castiel growls. “You made your choice when you came after me, Dean.  I barely knew who you were before you showed up on my doorstep trying to kill me.  Now, I’m all that’s between you and death.  Embarrass me and I might spare you but I’ll turn Sam first.  Embarrass the Council and they’ll paint you with the blood of your precious brother and anyone else you love before tearing you apart.”
"Sam?  Sam, what's wrong?  Talk to me, baby," Mary pleads softly when the expected snark doesn't immediately come.
Sam sits on the roof of Bobby's house, his face turned toward the sun.  It's something he's done since he was little -- finding ways to experience his world.  He can see the sun in a way and when he 'borrows' Dean's eyes, it's been amazing but this ... Sam feels the warmth and for a moment he can almost imagine the light that bathes him.
Green eyes brightened at the question.  “If it’s got an engine and wheels, Cas, I can make it sing.”
“Whatever,” Sam says with a snort. He and Dean have played practical jokes on each other since they were old enough to understand the concept.
”— and when John came into the bonding suite with Dean you were sniffing them both to beat the band. Dean smiled at you and you stopped screaming. I knew you belonged to us right then.”
Dean groans but then he clenches down and tugs.  Oh it hurts like a bitch but the groan he hears tells Dean he scored a hit.
Dean gives a watery chuckle.  "Yeah and then I'd have to kick your ass, Benny.  Sammy's got a soulmate now -- he's happy."
The man pauses in his signing and looks at Castiel inquiringly.  Castiel blinks and it takes Dean  signing,
it, Daddy!  I d-didn't
Dean doesn't move. It's like his body is encased in cement. Instead, he focuses the impotent rage toward the vampire.
Silence falls and Sam hesitates to break it but he’s afraid he’s made one of the worst mistakes of his life.
"Whoa!  Buddy, don't
Dean always relaxes when Castiel feeds – his pain levels drop and the muscles lose their rigid knots. At the moment, however, Dean’s eyes are focused on where the vampire is feeding from him and the scent of arousal is beginning to rise from the human’s skin.  Castiel’s tongue flicks over the bite again and his cerulean eyes darken at a soft moan.  Castiel kisses Dean’s wrist and lowers it, reaching into the nightstand’s drawer for a small collection of gauze pads and tape to bandage it.  It will heal overnight but this keeps everything neat and tidy.  He’s intent on his task and almost misses Dean’s faint whisper.
"So, Dean," Mike begins.  "Can I get you a beer?"
“Pity about the eye. Those beauties of yours are definitely one of your best features,” the voice pauses and then Dean feels a fingertip along his bottom lip. “Along with your mouth. Dear me, yes!  These tender morsels are just so very … plump. Delectable.”
Castiel blinks as his entryway comes back into focus.  Dean remains in front of him, shoulders rounded.  He's studying the floor like all the secrets of the universe are contained there.
“And I have blacked many an eye for that evil speech,” Gabriel states.
Another song cues up and Castiel sighs.
Dean stiffens at the dig but Castiel snorts.  “Well, at least I know this behavior has a precedence.  I was a bit concerned when I found him scrubbing the shower grout with a toothbrush … for the second time.”
Dean grimaced.  “What? No! Why would you -- oh, I get it.  Tryin’ to distract me, Cas?”
“Dude, no way you’re making me wear this shit,” Dean grumbles.
"Not a big fan of the blood scent?  Took me a while to get used to that too when I was a Feeder," Mike says.
Castiel’s eyes narrow. “Yes, what did you think I was doing in the garage all the time?”
Castiel regards Dean for a moment. “Fine.  For now, we need to get those ribs seen to.”
Gabriel lays a hand on his brother’s shoulder. “Take ease, little brother.  Your words make no sense.  Why must you away?  What manner of devil pursues you?”
freaks. He has good reason for this -- Ellen's daughter by her first husband was a telekinetic.  Ellen did not want to register her, but her husband insisted.  Then he divorced Ellen and got full custody of the girl.  Ellen hasn't seen her since and doubts she ever will.  Both boys know she grieves over her loss.
Dean moves behind Castiel to a door toward the tail of the plane.  It leads to a bedroom with an honest to God king size bed, another tv and a bathroom with an actual bathtub.  Dean runs a hand over the butter soft sheets which remind him of the ones in Castiel's bed.  With a forced grin, Dean turns.  "What, you planning on fucking me the entire way to New York, Cas?"
Bobby looks down at the unseeing eyes.  “He’s blind?” Dean nods.  “So … you’re obviously a telepath.  What’s he?  Telekinetic?”
family.”
Castiel leans on the door.
When they part, Castiel takes Dean's hand and pulls him down the hall to his bedroom. Their coats have come off somewhere and Dean is tugging Castiel's shirt up to get at the skin beneath. Castiel is trying to repay the movement but Dean's hands are everywhere it seems. With a grunt, Castiel pushes Dean against the wall and presses him there with his body, hands moving to get Dean's shirt off. Dean exhales sharply but relents ... for a minute. After that, it's a free-for-all as they fight each other's clothes off. Dean can't remember the last time he had a lover more impatient than himself. Castiel can't remember the last time he had a lover that wasn't 'gentle'.
"Relax, Dean.  This won't be as hard as you think ... I'll help you."
Blink.
Benny snorts.  "Don't worry that pretty little head about him.  We had a come-to-Jesus about a month back.  He's fine."
Castiel smiles. “You
Castiel's eyes widen and the smile that Dean is beginning to crave makes yet another appearance. [You read my mind, Dean ... I would like a piece.]
“You know who has Dean, don’t you?”
“The other Winchester.”
Writing is my therapy when the voices are a little too loud and they make my soul feel worthless and shriveled. Thank you, my beloved readers for allowing me to share these poor tales with you. You are my sunlight. 💙
the Council for the right to Turn you. Promised them his final death if only they would give him his
[So, Cas ... you up for a slice of their pecan pie? Best freakin' pie in the state ... bourbon glaze makes it to die for, gotta tell ya.]
Dr. Barnes is mostly unamused but she doesn’t comment since her patient’s vitals have stabilized and Dean is breathing on his own without even realizing it. She waves the remainder of the staff out and sets about seeing where her patient is cognitive wise.
Dean swallows hard and turns to look at the young man.  Instantly he feels his entire consciousness slide into a hazy sort of limbo when the blue eyes lock on him.  It doesn't hurt and he's not afraid but it's disorienting and confusing.
“Uh, I dunno … five fluently, I guess?”
“Just your blood, human. Now we need to get you taped up and dressed.”
”The Winchesters and their extended families have hunted our kind for generations as you know,” Castiel continues.  He looks down fondly.  “The latest generation is particularly ... persistent and hard to ignore."
“Please ...”
“Balthazar Novak ... your brother was dating mine ... Castiel?”
Beside the newcomer stands someone Castiel has known for quite some time—a vampire named Jessica Pearson; elegant and lovely as ever.  Her gleaming mahogany eyes remind Castiel of a leopard sizing up prey for the attack.  At least her victims would know beauty in their last moments.
The pup instantly nuzzles against John's neck, scenting.  He's an Alpha and a relative so Jack's instincts are screaming at him to cling.  And he does, softly whimpering and fussing.  John stands and begins to walk the room, humming a mindless tune.  Bobby chuckles and earns a middle finger behind Jack's back.
Remember me?  I’m back with a softer chapter before we get into the bloodshed.
While Dean has been more or less out of his head, Castiel has been thinking about the burgeoning relationship between himself and his Feeder.  He let himself be swayed by tears and trembling.  He let his guard down and actually allowed himself to feel
"Really, Harvey?  You mated the
. He burned a hole straight through my void and now I can’t imagine eternity without him. I
“Hey!  It’s not a crime to want a clean bathroom, dude!”
“What are you playing at, human?” Castiel frowns.
“What the ever-loving
Dean lifts his hands but then just lets them fall to his sides. He dresses quickly and is gone. Castiel looks around the bedroom. Only a few moments ago he was happier than he ever thought he could be … now it’s all ash and regret.
… so that’s what my pretty little Feeder likes ... just let go, Dean … let go …”
Dean grimaces at the reminder. Sincere regret fills the link.
Sam’s shoulders relax a little and he shifts his duffle strap higher up.  He grins at Dean who flips him off with a grunt. Sam takes the gesture good-naturedly.
Dean whines when Sam releases his hand. He’s been big brother since Sammy came to live with them but, in truth, the big girl means as much to Dean as anyone on the planet. Right up there with Jack. Despite his chronic drops, Sam is fearless when it comes to going after what he wants and Dean’s never been prouder of the kid. He’s also, whether or not Sam realizes it, the fiercest Winchester when family is on the line. Right now Dean needs that strength because he can’t move and it’s terrifying.
Dean pushes off the counter.  He's got to find Cas and explain.  The instant his foot lands on the floor, Dean curses. "Fuck!"  A long line of pain slices up his left arch and Dean limps to the small breakfast nook in the corner of the kitchen.  Dean falls heavily into a chair.  Tugging his leg up so he can see he injury, Dean sees the tip of a sliver protruding from his sole.  The link is silent.
Dean's face furrowed in confusion. "You're talking about our Jack, like, 'cries when he steps on a bug' Jack?"
The man patted Dean's shoulder with a chuckle. Then he gestured to the corner of the bar. "Jukebox machine's right there. Let's go hack it."
"I mean, look at us," Dean continued. "Saving people, hunting things...It's what we do."
Cas glared at him. "I'm doing my part."
of us, after you passed out. I woke up here."
Cas coughed and wiped sweat from his brow. He gazed at Dean wearily. "I'm so sorry, Dean."
. Like the humans do, you
Dean froze. His eyes flitted up at the image of his father, avoiding eye-contact like a nervous child.
Back at the spell bowl, Sam and Eileen had begun chanting a summoning spell. Sparks and smoke swirled around them as a strong wind blew through the bunker. The distinct smell of cheap perfume filled the space; Dean wrinkled his nose in confusion.
"Oh, it's easy peasy," said Meg, her voice dripping with sarcasm. "Admit your deepest, darkest truth, and she sends you home."
"Hello, Dean."
Eileen went to work skimming through the spell journal while Sam assembled the ingredients on the table with a spell bowl. "We need oil," she said. "Do you have that?"
He wanted to give him everything he had.
"We know," said Sam. He gestured to the array of books and spell bowls on the table. "We've been trying to get you and Cas back. We even summoned Death." He nodded to Billie, who tilted her head with a dry smile. Sam continued. "She says that Jack wants to destroy humanity...carry on Chuck's mission."
Paul grinned. "We were wondering, Dean, if you'd like to join us in our beach house for some afternoon fun."
Sam waited a bit before replying. "Eileen."
Dean looked at Cas longingly, just for second, before growing cold again. He couldn't afford to hope. He had to remember that. But this wasn't a dream anymore, he could tell. Dream Cas was blurry around the edges, always too far away to really see. This Cas was crisp, clear - the wisps of hair at the top of his head, the specks of grey in his eyes, the lopsided tie and trench coat. All of Dean's senses, his deepest intuitions, were screaming at him to believe what he saw - that Cas was next to him. Or at least, someone who
Cas smirked. "I don't fear you anymore."
"When all this is over, I help you round up angels like no one's business." Meg smiled. "I'm a demon, remember? We both hate them angels." She paused. "Well, except for the one."
Dean and Sam, still off-balance from Jack's blow, couldn't believe what they saw next. Billie, the Empty, and Cas all purged themselves of their shells as their vessels collapsed to the ground. Their energies twisted and turned in the air towards Jack, who, for a fleeting moment, stepped back in fear. But then he grinned confidently. "I can't wait to meet you all in the flesh."
Dean stood very still. He searched Cas for any hint of doubt or uncertainty. Part of him thought the Empty was just trying to provoke him. But these words were not new, not invented. He had heard Cas - the real Cas - say it all before.
He wore a white hospital gown and a band around his wrist. Though he was disoriented, he could tell by the sleek windows and blindingly white interior that he was jailed in the corporate side of Heaven. A glass wall separated him from the office in front of him. A glossy nameplate on the desk read
"And I thought we'd seen it all," said Sam.
The frothing, glowing purple liquid inside the spell bowl lit up the faces of Sam and Eileen. They winced as a pungent smoked curled around them.
Sam kept going. "Look, I don't know what happened...back at the bunker, with Billie...you never told me. But is there a chance - maybe - that could've been Cas?"
"We have work for you, Castiel," said Naomi. She snapped her fingers, and cuffs emerged from the cell's walls around Cas's arms and legs to restrict him from moving. She stepped closer to the glass between them, pointing the horrible device at Cas's head.
Cas's head snapped up to see Naomi had reentered the room and was walking firmly towards his cell, carrying a cylindrical device. Cas's stomach twisted as he realized he'd seen the object before - flashing in front of him, forcing him to do things he couldn't control.
Sam's knife came crashing down onto the floor as he dropped it in shock.
After Sam called Eileen to express his frustration with Dean's lack of cooperation, she agreed to help. It was the middle of the night and Dean was still out driving god-knows-where, so Sam took the opportunity to carry out the risky ritual. Eileen was there to be his tether back to the bunker.
The man wore a Royals cap - Dean looked underneath at his face and recognized him as Paul from the bar. Paul sat down on the other side of Dean and placed a hand on his knee. "Good to see you again, champ."
"He's alive."
"Jack?" Dean called out. "Cas?"
"He's possessed," added Cas.
Rowena's voice was ear-splitting and echoed nonstop as if it was bouncing off the walls of his cell.
Dean tried to accept the only way forward was to move on - to give up. He couldn't live like this, constantly mourning the angel who could never return. He was so
"Yes, Sam." Rowena put a hand on his shoulder. "You can do it. For me. For your brother. For Castiel."
“So, come to find out, this Winston dude is the son of the first vampire.  When he turned Mike, he gave the kid all the powers of his bloodline.”
Dean’s gaze narrowed but he only leaned in to kiss Castiel.  Their flight back home was only a couple of hours in but Dean had already cum six times.  His ass and thighs ached dully from the most recent marathon posting session. Dean wondered vaguely if he should consider taking up yoga and discarded it almost immediately.  He’d just ask Castiel about finding a local masseuse.
“Ask Sam, I’m nothing if not dedicated to my grudges,” Dean mutters.
Sam inhales sharply.  "He just ... oh gods, he was just --"
What has to be a tongue traces the finger’s path. Dean gags at the fly-blown breath but he can’t pull away. He feels digits pressing against his ass and every inch of his skin wants to slither away.
”And you?  Why should I take the word of an infamous Hunter, Dean?  Why are you still with Castiel?”
thoughts, he’d find a veritable inferno of rage going back centuries.
“Of course it is, honey. You were in full bond crisis the day we met you,” Mary reminds him. “And then you scented Dean on me.”
Sam opens his mouth to say something but a confused look crosses his face and he stumbles forward a step. Castiel catches at the young man’s shoulders to steady him and then he sees Jake stepping back. The long blade in his hand glistens. Castiel smells the sharp bite of pennies buoyed on freshly mown grass and the unique scent of the younger Winchester’s blood fills Castiel with dread.
Castiel adds the shifting color of Dean’s furious eyes and his damnably long eyelashes to the list of physical attributes he likes about this human. He smirks after a while when Dean says nothing more.
Gentle hands pull Dean's away.  Castiel peers at him.  "I'm not disgusted, Dean.  You're a good boy ... you're
"Yeah, yeah ... don't try to distract me with logic," Dean dismisses.  "Hey, tell me she's got a good bar.  I'm gonna need a drink.  A strong one.  More than one, probably."
Sorry for the long break on this one -- it's short but I hope you enjoy!
Warnings:  A trifecta of blood, sex and emotional manipulations.
Castiel waves his hand dismissively. “Naturally. Do you accept my terms then? A life as my Feeder for your brother's life?”
Castiel glares at the human warningly.  To his immense relief, Sam is shaken enough to pay attention.
"Missed you, brother," drawls the tall bearded man in a thick Louisiana accent.
Dean's face contorts into something like a grimace but both the doctor and Sam realize it's his current version of a smile.  Sam's frown is epic.
or your fucking pansy of a Feeder takes that from me!”  He laughs.  “Dean’s almost dead. And you will be too as soon as Sam’s heart stops. The First will end you for a broken vow.”
Dean shudders.  It never fails to amaze him how easily Castiel can turn him on with just words - and yeah, he gets off on being called 'pretty'.    He can't even blame it on the vampire's ability to compel with his voice.  He leans even closer and licks against Castiel's ear.
– he would share what is forbidden between men … with me!” Castiel hisses.
“I bet,” the doctor comments. “Well, short story is the films look good.  The fractures should heal easily but you’ll need to stay relatively still while they do.”
the ‘gift’ your Master bestowed upon me. And when I was done he wanted me with a burning need that outstripped every advance he’d ever made to my human self. He had torn away all I knew and given me a devil’s insight and a murderous purpose. In that instant, when he kissed me for the first time, I saw how I might use him and all beings to fulfill even my most petty of desires … and so I let him have me
"I fucking
"Victor, you have a minute to explain yourself before I tear your fucking head off."
He offered a fresh perspective on things and Dean was startled to realize Castiel doesn’t view Dean as a waste of air. It had been pretty fucking bizarre to hear an outsider’s viewpoint. The link makes it impossible for Castiel to lie to Dean so the human had been forced to admit to himself that someone thinks he’s actually worth something. In fact, Castiel thinks he’s worth
“Does your younger brother have the same map of his father’s love?”
Dean looks over and sees Bobby Singer walking up, wiping his hands on a rag.  Dean ducks his head.  His sending always includes all of his family in close proximity unless he intends only one person to hear.  Bobby and Ellen taught him it was rude otherwise.
Castiel enjoys the look of near-rapture on Dean's face while he eats the dessert. They leave not long after and Dean drives Castiel home. He doesn't want to push things ... he really likes Castiel's company.
Dean shakes his head and drinks. “Castiel
I was heartened by the response to the first chapter so let's keep this going ...
Dean nods although his eyes dart to one side to avoid Castiel's intense stare.  Emotions, carefully filtered, begin to slowly bleed through the bond - shame, fear (for Sam, naturally), anger, contrition, confusion -- Castiel finds himself impressed.  Dean's control is more than he suspected humans were capable of although he should have guessed based on Dean's demonstration of strength the night they met.  He contemplates how to respond before deciding actions might serve better.  Dean is extremely vulnerable right now and he will not thank Castiel later if the vampire makes too much of what he's just shared.
"C-cas ..."
Defiant anger bleeds into their link and something stings his face and the edge of one wing even as the shotgun blast echoes painfully in the bedroom. A jagged, smoking hole appears in the wing of the interloper accompanied by a rising shriek of pain.  Castiel falls back on his hands and kicks out. Obsidian talons slice into the gut of his attacker. The shorter vampire makes horrible gurgling noises and crashes through the wall into the hall. Castiel spares a glance back to check on Dean and … well, if not for the life or death peril, Castiel would be laughing. Dean stands naked by the armoire with a shotgun braced against his shoulder.  Judging from the damage to their foe, the rounds he used are blessed with holy water which would explain why the few stray pellets that struck him burn like fire.  The incorrigible human actually
Castiel regards his Feeder for a moment. Dean’s heartbeat is steady, he isn’t trying to ply the vampire with false sympathy.  He’s simply stating fact.  It makes Castiel wonder even more about the damage he sensed earlier.  The curtain slides back and the attending steps next to Dean’s bed.  He glances at Castiel and both vampires’ eyes gleam amber for a moment.  Dean rolls his own eyes.
Dr. Barnes sighs and pinches the bridge of her nose.  "While I'd much prefer it if you would refrain from inserting your sense of humor into our evaluations, Mr. Winchester ... I think, overall, it shows good mental clarity."
Benny gapes at his friend.  "You think all that went down was -- was
“Family don’t end with blood. I admit when I’m wrong and I was wrong about you. Dean loves you and that boy don’t do anything halfway and sure as shit don't give his heart to just anyone,” Bobby snaps. “He gave all of himself to you or I’m a vegan wendigo. That means you need to stop crying in your coffee, reach down into that hell  pit you call a heart and find that connection. Me an’ Sam’ll figure out how to find him from there. We take care of our own.”
Dean frowns. “Do we
The man opens his mouth to say something -- most likely something brutal and cutting -- before closing it and exhaling sharply.  He runs a hand over his face.
“Don’t talk with your mouth full and I
“Your indulgence is greatly appreciated, my pretty Feeder … although I suspect that has more to do with your upcoming visitors than any surge of largesse on your part, hmm?”
“Not yet, as you well know,” Balthazar replies.
Dean feels Castiel’s mind pressing against his own again.
"Are you back-talking me, boy?"
“Don't worry about it ... takes a while to get settled into a new place,” Beth replies.
“Bite me,” Dean says from the corner of his mouth when he stops shoveling eggs. A cloth napkin hits him in the face.
Castiel turns back to Dean and slowly cups the pale cheek.  The ebony gaze turns to him.
“Brother?”
Dean blushes lightly.
Another tear finds its way down Sam's face. Castiel
Dean looks down at his little brother and then at the smoking rubble that once was his house.  He bites his lower lip, debating.  He gives in eventually — he doesn’t have a choice.
Dean's eyebrows crawl up his forehead when they reach a private aircraft hangar and he sees a sleek, white jet sitting on the tarmac.  He looks over at Castiel with wide eyes.  "Really?  You chartered a Gulfport G550?"
.  “C’mon, gigantor - we’ll get you settled and then you can help me haul stuff out to the table.”
Heads snap around and eyes zero in on the newcomer.  John hands Jack off to his mate and moves to place himself in front.  Sam does the same, creating a wall protecting the pup.
"If I'd done right by Sammy none of this would have happened, Benny.  My dad gave me one job before he died:  take care of Sammy.  I didn't do that and I ended up paying for it."
“We killed none of them, Sam,” Balthazar says.
and moves faster than either brother can see. He captures the tear on a finger tipped with a wickedly long talon. It glistens in the dim light before Castiel licks it away with a tongue far too long to be human.
ready to head out.  Dean is coming down from the second feeding and Castiel can feel resentment bubbling just beneath the calm.  His own emotions are swirling between dark arousal and unexpected tenderness toward this human that barged into his life uninvited.  Castiel thinks he’s possibly bit off more than he can handle and that thought bothers him more than he wants to admit.
he can take of a human.  Oh he's going to
Castiel sits on the balcony of his home watching the moon rise and drinking a beer. He can hear Dean’s breathing and heartbeat clearly.  He lifts the bottle to his lips and looks at the great silver orb.  It isn’t the first time he’s had a human in his bed but it is the first time that human has been a hunter out for his blood.  And it’s definitely the first time he’s ever claimed a Feeder.  He makes use of them from time to time, mostly during parties or other social engagements where it would be rude to refuse but Castiel prefers to fulfill his dietary requirements by hunting.  A dark grin widens his mouth.  He’s developed a distinct taste for the sharp, bitter edge of fear released during the chase although sometimes he takes them while he’s buried hilt-deep in a warm body.  That flavor is smoother but it almost always finishes sharp when the human realizes what’s happening.
Dean does an exaggerated runway walk over to Castiel.  The vampire snorts but doesn't move as Dean leans into his personal space, putting his neck just under Castiel's nose.  A low thrum of arousal travels through the link and the vampire growls.
Dean groaned and ran a hand over his face.  “I know, I know … damn, I wasn’t even this nervous when I lost my virginity.”
Dean froze and strained to listen.  The faintest rumble of the Impala’s engine reached him and his chin dropped to his chest.
"You son of a --"
Dean shudders when heat and desire flows over his mind. He gives over his will without a thought and sinks gracefully to his knees. His Master snarls triumphantly.
But mostly, and this is paramount … Dean Winchester is really, very, very seriously
work, boy."
Wherein we meet a few friends from another fandom and Dean proves his loyalty.
should have watched that damn
"Not exactly coach, Cas."
Bobby nods. “Yeah, I remember him … new guy … he hasn’t been here maybe a month?”
"Wouldn't my pretty Feeder rather talk about something else?"
“Sam is— he’s still fucked up from his magic,” Dean explains.
Dean bites his tongue, stomps on the floor to keep from yelling as his soul is pulled away from him.
And he loved it.
I the author WILL force Dean into enjoying good beer (through Sam and Cas' influence). The thought that he would like, and enjoy, Pabst Blue Ribbon makes me physically ill. Beano
noise as he lands on the wet carpet.
“I don’t know what else it could be,” Cas admits.
Cas crawls up his body, and Dean’s too boneless to do anything but kiss him. He can taste himself when Cas slides his tongue into Dean’s mouth. Maybe it’s too early to be kissing like this. It’s rare for Cas to be around in the morning, so Dean doesn’t complain. He brings up his hands to get his fingers into Cas’ already disheveled hair. Feels Cas’ hand run down his stomach, the curve of his inner thigh to go for—
talk about Cas.
“Vampires don’t come back from the dead,” Andrea reminds him.
“I’m sorry,” Cas confesses to Dean, “I’m not as good as you thought I was.”
They ward the fuck out of Bobby’s place, and settle in. They propose calling Crowley, seeing if he’s heard anything about what’s going on in heaven, but the less Crowley is involved in their shit the better.
We’re also finally gonna earn our explicit (sex) rating!! Yay! It’s not Pur-GAY-tory for nothing!!!
“Yes,” Cas says, “though, it doesn’t mean much without action. I thought about you, but I was still a bad friend.”
“Stop it!” Dean snaps, “that’s— I’m not some replacement God to give you approval. Don’t do that to me.”
“Are you talking about my Dad?”
“Give me the address,” she orders.
he feels inside. His muscles are sandpaper. His eyelids have weights on them. He wants to lay down and sleep right where he’s standing, not drag Sam’s gigantor ass all the way upstairs. Besides, if Sam’s dead that means they’re all gonna have to sit around being sad about it and means Dean won’t be able to get any sleep. Or maybe it means Dean can go right to bed. If Sam’s dead and they don’t have to take care of him.
Dean waits until Sam lifts his head again.
Dean grits his teeth, “I’m not— I don’t know. I don’t understand this magic shit, okay? You, and even Cas, you’re in a whole different league from me. I don’t like that Death is showing up pulling some strings on us, I don’t like that he wants you to do his dirty work. I don’t like that he’s talking to you like you’re some…”
“He’s
That’s more like it. Dean huffs a laugh. He throws the coat over his shoulders, familiar now with how it fits.
“Do you regret this?” Cas asks. And he asks it so casually, so easily, as if Dean can say ‘yes’ and Cas won’t hold it against him.
Dean wakes with a start. He’s sweating. The lights are off, no Cas around. Oh thank
“I don’t think you’d fit,” Dean jokes.
Dean wakes what he thinks is only a few minutes later, to Bobby shaking him awake. Dean’s brain rattles in his skull like a bouncy ball.
“Exactly,” Dean agrees, “a good time all—”
Death shakes his head, sighs heavily. He doesn’t say it outright but he must think they’re idiots, “As I already said: you cannot become something that already exists. God is already the God of this universe. It is not your role to fill, nor your job to fix his mistakes.”
He almost asks Cas to get more clothes off, because Dean’s down to just his shirt and socks, while Cas is still basically dressed. But then decides that the difference is kinda hot.
Sorry for the delay! The Euro final went into OT and penalty shots AND THEN I went and got in my pool and was too comfy to on the floaty to get out haha.
You gotta be fucking kidding.
Dean’s considering killing his brother because
Dean wants to roll his eyes. Of all the times for Cas to finally get jealous—
He reaches out to put his palm on the brick.
“Oh my god. You’ve been having a big gay panic, for like over five years! That sounds
“No after school specials,” Dean begs.
has some dark undertones now.
Cas knew him at his worst, and fell in love with him despite it.
He drags the blade over Dean’s throat. Dean tries not to move. The blade scrapes along his jawline. Dean watches Benny closely, catches the surprisingly vivid blue of his eyes. Benny glances up from his work. His face is so close to Dean’s. While Dean is free from his usual Purgatory stank of dead things, for the moment being, he can finally catch a strong whiff of Benny’s natural smell. It’s heavy and masculine, lacking sweat because vampire. Dean breathes in sharply, Benny’s eyes snap up and he stops what he’s doing.
Dad never talked to Dean about being queer. Not that he would have: being queer or weak simply wasn’t an option. The talk would have been Dad saying “stop” and Dean saying “yes sir”. You didn’t sit around talking about emotions, you got your orders and you obeyed. If there was an issue you came up with a solution, rather than talk about your feelings. That’s the Winchester way.
“Your— your gums are bleeding,” Benny finally gets out.
“Boy, don't even try – you've been grinning like a loon since lunch. Anyone I know?” Bobby asks.
Castiel chuckles grimly. “Yes. Not only did I massacre everyone in my hometown, I brought death and suffering to innocents.”  He glances over at Sam. “And I did not care.”
Dean’s hands come up and he tugs at the vampire’s shirt. Castiel startles and looks at the Feeder.  The pupils are blown again and just a little wild – Dean is falling too far into the feeding.  Reluctantly, Castiel pulls Dean’s hands off him.  The soft whimper nearly undoes his resolve.
“Shh … it’s alright, Dean … you’re alright.”
Sam nods and watches the doctor leave before turning back to his brother. Their fingers link easily and Dean has never been so glad to see his baby brother smiling down at him in his life.  The memory of seeing Castiel again is lost in the roiling mists of Dean's mind.
Sam is thrown back when Castiel slams into him, fangs buried deep in his throat. Broken leg forgotten, Dean shoves himself off the pile of debris and crashes to the floor with a shout of pain and desperation.
Castiel chuckles. “Hardly.  There are far more of us than you imagine, Dean.  I have
"I agree with you on that point, Dean," Castiel says.  He's anxious to keep things as light as possible because the
want me to come in?]
Balthazar rolls his eyes.  "Oh that would be just brilliant -- Benny will never believe that I didn't convince you to leave."
Castiel’s face shifts to the hurt expression Dean expected. He swallows the pain because he can’t take the chance. Not with Sammy’s life on the line. [Go ahead.]
Castiel smiles.  "Good.  Your foot, please?"
Dean freezes at Castiel's voice. He hasn't heard it often but he likes it ... only right now he's afraid of the accusation that will follow. When he hears nothing, he ventures to look at Castiel again. The look of terror is gone ... there is fear but it is fear that Dean will leave. Dean feels the tears beginning to slide down his face and jerks when Castiel's hands come up and frame his face.
”Insofar as it keeps his claim safe, yes.  Under my watch, no vampire would dare even breathe wrong in their direction. Plus, they’d be honor-bound to protect them from anyone who decides to not play by the rules.  Punishment would be permanent.  The vampire that defies me dies a second time .. for good.”
Sam’s eyes glitter darkly.  “If I have to, I will.”
John tugs the pup into his lap and holds him close.  "Hey, little man."
Castiel’s eyes dart up and he studies the steady walnut gaze that looks back at him. He hears no deception in the man’s heartbeat which makes his lips twist into a sneer.
“Yeah, and how much of that ‘valid’ decision did you make with your dick, Dean?”
... I mean I would have supported --"
The medical staff stare at him like maybe he needs a psych consult but then Dean lifts his one good hand as far as the restraints will allow and shoots his sadistic little brother the bird. He never,
Dean frowns and tries to reach behind his back to feel the mark Castiel tore into his skin the night before when he agreed to become the vampire’s permanent Feeder. The movement makes pain dart across his shoulders and he winces.  Castiel disappears and reappears with a bottle of water.  Dean jumps in surprise and looks at the water warily.
or not - Cas is opening his home to you on my behalf. If you can’t drop the attitude while you’re here and maybe hear
Castiel stiffens but Dean reaches over and puts his hand on the vampire's arm.  "S'ok, Cas."
"You - you know?"
"John Winchester, if my baby learns any new curse words or hand gestures, I'm going to thump you," Mary's voice says sternly.
“It means I can hunt there if necessary. Comes in handy if pickings are lean but the way you humans treat each other, they rarely are.”
Dean lunges and catches the glass that plummets toward the floor when Sam straightens up, startled out of his concentration.  Dean sheepishly puts the glass on the now set table.
Hands pull him upright with little effort and Castiel’s gaze flits everywhere but at Mike until the younger man grips his chin and forces the connection.
“Well then, Jacob. I suppose if I’m to die regardless … it won’t make any difference if I peel the flesh from your body first, will it?”
"You haven't lied yet so I guess I can give you that much," Dean replies.  "But I'm not gonna be held responsible if I pass out or puke, ok?  You've been warned."
Dean rolls out from under the car and reaches over to the little portable radio.  He grins wickedly and turns the volume up — Bon Jovi blares so loud the speaker vibrates.  It suddenly goes silent as the power switch turns off abruptly.
before. The sex was still hot and bloody but then Castiel talked about his life
Dean exhales sharply and then grins. Beth looks amused.
The vampire chuckles. “Now isn't the time to play dense, Dean. You'll be my Feeder ... which means I can take blood from you whenever I want. You can decline if you want. I won't kill Sam.”
Sam jerks awake.  Something dragged him from the first real sleep he’s gotten in days. He strains to hear against the quiet of the house when it hits him … the house is quiet. He frowns. Sam grew up in Bobby’s house. He shared this very room with Dean for their entire childhood. It’s old, the Singer house. It creaks and groans and complains like a person with more darkness and blood seeped into its boards than even Sam cares to consider. It’s drafty and one of the living room windows leaks in the rain no matter how many times they recaulk it but it is
[Hey, Benny,] Dean signs back. He indicates Cas. [Meet Castiel ... new guy in town.]
Dean begins to shake.  His teeth chatter and a warm blanket settles over him.  "There we go ... easy does it ... you'll be ok ..."
"I said - sa-said you were a - a
“Yeah … I’ll live, I think.”
"Easy, monkey ... let's get you settled with mama."
to be overtly cruel to the man.  Fucking humans.  This is why he never wanted a Feeder.  He's grateful at least that he had other arrangements made for the flight before he learned of Dean's phobia.  They should come in handy.
Dean nods.  “Yeah, Cas, sounds great.”  He slaps the back of his hand into Sam’s chest, eliciting a soft
sounded like that before?"
"Yeah, right," Dean returns.  "He thinks we slept together in slam, Benny."
Dean’s eyes well up.  “Wh-what? I tried to hurt Sammy?  You never said --”
Sam begins to talk over Dean, something the elder Winchester
Dean straightens with a nod.  “Fine.  I don’t
Castiel looks over at Dean who is dragging himself along the floor trying to reach the pair. He licks Sam's blood from his lips. He's fed enough to weaken Sam considerably, but the young man can still recover. After a few weeks, anyway. He lets the long-limbed human slump to the floor and moves to Dean. Castiel looks down at the hunter. Dried blood stains his torn jacket where the vampire slashed him earlier. His leg is bent at a horribly unnatural angle. But what fascinates Castiel is the fierce light in the man's eyes. He knows from his brief foray into Dean Winchester's brain that the young human considers himself expendable when compared with others yet his drive to survive is stronger than almost any other human Castiel has ever met. It will be a great challenge to break that spirit, Castiel decides.
Mike’s voice is so soft but what lies beneath it makes Dean’s blood run cold.  The First offers a faint smile to put him at ease.
“Fuck!”
Castiel snorts and turns back to working on the ‘Vette. “I’m sure Sam values your concern for an inanimate object.  Did your father teach you about cars?”
Castiel releases him and Dean scrambles to keep his balance, knocking the plate to the floor in the process where  it shatters.  He reaches out to grab hold of the vampire's shirt but his hand closes on empty air. "Cas -- "
Balthazar frowns and pulls the buds from Sam’s ears … without using his hands. Sternly, he says, “Dean will be found, Sam. Without your family’s help, it just might be by my older brother, Michael. Worse yet, it might be by our associate, Zachariah.”
Castiel struggles to believe what he's been witness to and what he knows now about Dean. It takes him a heartbeat to realize something – he doesn't care. He doesn't care that Dean is one of the percentage of humans with extraordinary abilities. He should care – considering his own family, he should care a great deal. What he knows is that when Dean called out his name ... when Dean's pleasure went over and around and through him, Castiel felt something beneath it. Honest affection and tenderness ... there was no deceit.
Castiel laughs. “He’s older than I am – born in the 1400s, I believe.  He bought this car the day it came off the line but had to let it go.  I spotted it a few years ago in an auction and he brought her home.  All the restorations are mine.”
“Oh come on, Cas, I’m fine,” Dean grumbles, trying to push himself up out of the rocking chair.
Dean closes his eyes. Being tied to a being that he's hunted for most of his adult life is hardly the ending Dean had imagined to his night but he has no choice. It's Sam. He looks at Castiel, meeting the vampire's blue eyes directly and unwavering.
John Winchester hears his son’s small voice in his head but he cannot spare any time.  He presses a kiss against his boy’s forehead and yells, “Dean, take care of Sammy ….
“By ‘share’, you mean --?”
“No you’re not,” Bobby replies, batting Dean on the head with his rag.  “Get cleaned up … yer aunt’s gonna be home to start dinner soon.”
The younger Winchester boosts his nephew close and murmurs against his ear, "Hey now ... don't you want to see your mama, little monkey?  He's missed you so much and I
Dean waves it off. [No worries ... we played that one out as far it was gonna go which was no where. Stayed friends though which is a good thing because his steaks are the
The older man shrugs.  "From what the state cop said, some moron was going too fast and spun out.  He clipped Dean and sent him off into the guardrail -- the trucker that hit him never had a chance to stop.  He's downstairs in the main lobby -- feels awful about it."
Dean wipes his eyes angrily and starts to get dress. He hears Castiel’s voice again.
"Uh, yeah, you might wanna see about an eye appointment, Cassie -- you missed seven by a fucking mile," Gabriel snaps.
Moving carefully, Dean slides his legs over the edge of the bed. He hadn’t noticed the last time he was awake, but his broken leg is carefully encased in a strange, hard mesh-like substance with a semi-flexible sole.  It aches when he pushes himself upright from the nightstand but he thinks he can limp on it.  After a moment of finding his center of balance, Dean removes the I.V. needle and walks to the bedroom door.  The hardwood creaks beneath his feet but Dean doesn’t hear anyone coming to check on him.  He opens the door and peers out into a hallway.  If he had to guess at the décor, he’d call it Victorian.  Delicately framed photos line the walls on either side and the tables have white lace on them with flowers in lovely glass vases.  It’s all far nicer than anything Dean has ever lived in during his lifetime. He decides not to go exploring until he knows he won’t accidentally turn one of the vases into a several thousand piece jigsaw puzzle.  He turns back to the room and goes to the wardrobe.  Inside on wooden hangers are several button up shirts and a few dress slacks.  Dress shoes sit gleaming on the bottom of the wardrobe.  Dean frowns.
dude!  Giving a guy a sponge bath and changing his shorts while he’s out is just – skeevey,” Dean shudders.
Castiel lays a hand on Dean’s forehead and sighs. “Dean, you need to take a nap.  I’ll feed and you’ll be able to get some sleep.”
Dean winces and brushes over Castiel's thoughts. His eyes fly open when he realizes that Castiel doesn't hate him or what has happened between them. He blinks.
“I’m not wearing the ‘business casual’ get-up,” Dean warns.
Castiel.”  Jake’s expression rivals even a vampire’s Dark form. “You took his blood willingly enough … and then you spat in his face and denied him your heart!”
Dean’s good eye takes in his surroundings. Awakened by something ... he’s not sure what ... Dean kneels on the floor of his cage.  Master hasn’t given him permission to move so he remains still and quiet. Muscles spasm on his forearms and lower legs but he ignores the pain and never breaks position. The barbed wire tightly wound there serves as a constant reminder of who owns him. He wears a collar of wire wrapped so tightly that talking, breathing and eating is difficult.
"So what is this power, exactly?" said Dean. "Free will?"
The door busted open, revealing a smirking Jack on the other side. He stepped towards them confidently. "Thought the knocking was a fun effect," he said, "but we all know I don't need your permission to come in."
Cas bowed his head and closed his eyes tightly in concentration.
Dean shook his head.
"After I was sent to the Empty, Jack appeared to rescue me." Cas looked at Dean fondly as he spoke. "And then, I rescued you."
Rowena tutted. "I thought I taught you well." She ran her hand over the book and looked at Sam with a smile. "Nevertheless, I suppose I can assist."
"Why did he do this?" Eileen's eyes glistened with tears as placed her hand on Sam's shoulder.
The Empty Dean smiled grimly. Dean kept talking, with more and more rashness - he was desperate to leave this place, to give the Empty what she wanted, whatever truth she was searching for.
Sam froze - Dean left that part out.
"I need your help."
Meg's all-too familiar voice consumed her.
Billie nodded. "And his possessor is ruthless and efficient. He will stop at no bounds to finish what he started."
One night, Dean put on "Star Trek: The Next Generation," and Jack was instantly enamored. Dean tried to hide his excitement as he answered question after question from a fascinated Jack about the Star Trek universe. Cas had picked up over the years that Dean made a lot of Star Trek references. Strangely enough, watching the show with them peeled back the shield Dean put up -- it was one of the few times when Cas saw Dean truly let his guard down over those last few months.
"His vessel shouldn't be able to withstand this," said Cas.
"Not again." Dean was crying now, desperately holding onto Cas and frantically thinking of anything, any way to keep Cas here.
His hair stood up on the back of his neck - he sensed someone behind him, observing him. He spun around and immediately groaned. "Not you."
John continued. "What happened to saving people, hunting things? Sticking by your brother's side, being strong for him? You've lost sight." He stopped and shook his head. " Locked up in heaven, desperately making deals with a demon. Letting yourself die at the feet of an angel." Then, meeting Dean's eyes in seething anguish: "What happened to my son?"
"That was for Jack," said Cas. "What have you done to him?"
Dean put his head in his hands and slouched on the ground in relief. But relief soon turned to held back alarm. He was completely alone, in an eternal cave devoid of sight or sound.
Dean swallowed and looked up.
Cas's grace.
"I found you dead, Dean," said Sam as he pulled away. He stared at Dean through watery eyes, gulping back tears. "I mean, what the hell? You can't just bail on me like that."
Suddenly, two demons popped out from the shadows, grabbing each of Sam's arms. Sam spun around and punched them off him, then swung his knife towards the one closest to him. The demon collapsed on the ground -
Billie let out a short laugh. "The Empty is weak." She stepped closer to Sam and spoke in nearly a whisper. "She couldn't hold me down."
Cas narrowed his eyes as he looked at Jack - clearly calculating something in his head. He raised his arm subtly towards the pot of blood, channeling what grace he had towards reanimating the ritual. He turned to Billie and the Empty with a whisper. "Complete the ritual."
Dean's expression was steely - Sam could've anticipated this. He always did this whenever Sam brought this up. "Cas is dead," said Dean firmly.
"Please," Sam begged. "Please Billie, I'll do anything."
Grace.
"Doesn't matter," said Sam. "I just need your help reaching Cas."
Cas continued, his voice strengthening with each word. "Love is stronger. Everything I do now, I do for love. Not God, not Heaven. Love."
Though he had been unconscious moments before, now the Angel of the Lord was wide awake.
The Empty cut her palm and let her blood fall into the pot with Cas and Billie's. A simmering noise sounded, followed by the smell of rotten eggs.
Billie grabbed a knife and strode towards a pot sitting on a nearby table. She cut into her palm and squeezed the blood into the pot.
"Cas gave up everything for me...
Cas looked over at the Empty urgently, nodding to the figures at the front of the ship - they were whoever was guiding Jack's mind, and had undoubtedly put him in his trance. They stared ahead at the sprawling window, their hands gliding around the controls, slowly pulling levers. A figure with long brown hair pulled one lever and the space ship came to a grinding halt. Then, the figure stood up and faced Cas, the Empty, and Billie. She smiled cunningly, zeroing in on them from across the room.
Jack shook his head. "This wasn't the plan." He started pacing, rubbing his temples. "I took you out of the Empty so you could serve me. Serve my plan. He was supposed to die." Jack paused and looked at Cas with desperation. "I created a heaven for him!
Amara grinned. "We're actually stronger than we've ever been."
"It's all too sappy for me," said Billie. "Doesn't matter anyway. His effort failed."
Dean turned to Billie. "Well if even you aren't a fan, this can't be good."
Dean looked up at Sam - Sam could see his eyes swimming with tears. Dean sighed and walked over to the kitchen, grabbed a beer, and sat down at the table. Sam followed his lead and sat across from him.
"How do you know?" For the first time in months, Sam countered Dean's refusal to talk. "What
"So you possessed Jack?" said Meg. "This kid has had three people bumping around in his vessel?"
"Whoa, whoa, whoa," said Sam. "This is Jack we're talking about. We're just gonna take him out?"
Sam looked at his brother through blurry tears - Dean was desperate, determined to die. Time was running out to save his brother - it was too late to call for help. Sam couldn't leave him here dying in an old barn, alone. Sam couldn't let him die in a state of distress.
"So much for closing the book," said Jack. Then, turning to Dean and Sam: "You thought you could end your own story by yourselves?" He chuckled. "That's silly. Only the author can do that."
"I guess that's what the kids call it these days," said Paul.
A few hours later, Sam's eyes fluttered open.
Nothing.
Sam shook his head. "We should be more prepared."
Eileen dropped the match and the spell bowl lit up in purple flames. With a flash of light, Sam disappeared.
Amara let out a cruel laugh. "An angel who bows to humanity. How pathetic."
"You said Cas is different," said the Empty. "Why?"
Cas dropped onto the floor in front of Dean as the void closed with a horrible squelching noise. He groaned and struggled to move.
"Oh, Dean." The Empty took a step towards him, her eyes dripping with venom. "I don't need Meg to tell me that." Her voice dropped to a whisper. "I see your thoughts, the deepest recesses of your mind."
Jack stepped out from the fray to glare at Cas. "You betrayed me."
Dean sighed, looking to the side with an eyeroll.
He shook with exhaustion as he collapsed on the floor. The connection with Rowena broke - he closed his eyes in frustration.
"When a Winchester is desperate enough to summon a Reaper," said Death smoothly, "of course I have to go see for myself."
Eventually, Chuck and Amara had the four of them all collapsed on the ground, gasping for breath, covered in blood. "So this is it," laughed Chuck as he drew blades to Cas and Meg's necks. Amara had taken hold of Billie's scythe, and held it across the Empty and Billie, barring them from movement.
Cas was in the bunker still, his vessel collapsed to the ground after he'd flung himself into Jack's mind.
"Sam?"
Cas eyed her suspiciously, while Dean stepped out of the cell to snoop around Naomi's office. Meg grabbed both of their arms and stood still for a moment, closing her eyes in intense focus. But nothing happened. "I thought I'd be able to access the Empty's powers." She huffed and tried again, to no avail, while Dean and Cas watched her keenly.
Dean frowned and took out his phone to tell Sam to pick him up. He was mid-text when he felt a hand on his shoulder. He turned around to see a man wearing a red flannel and Royals ball cap over ruffled dark hair. He gave Dean a wrinkled smile - he looked like he was in his forties. "These kids just don't appreciate good music, do they?"
Sat in the Impala that night, he was running out of available distractions. The image of Cas in the empty crept into the corners of his mind as he stared ahead at the dark thicket. He felt his eyes start to droop. A wave of fatigue washed over him. The warmth in his body was swelling, sedating him like a drug. It was a matter of moments until Dean was fast asleep.
Cas looked at Meg in alarm. "What was that?"
Cas looked at him, confused. "I...I apologize."
"My vessel is resistant as well." The Empty spoke with much disdain. "You told me she was weak. A lowly demon.
"Look at her," said Billie spitefully. "She's no help; she's weak."
Sam reached for a knife, still clutching Dean with one arm. He gulped and watched as the light drew closer to them. His eyes stung just looking at it; he felt a searing sensation on his skin. An ear-splitting ringing noise filled the barn. Sam lowered to the ground, quickly but carefully bringing Dean with him, and ducked over his brother in cover.
Dean's face went cold.
Sam let out a sob as his brother fell into his arms.
Cas interjected. "I would not describe her that way."
What ensued was a blur, a flash of bright lights, the swinging of knives, and sound of fists hitting flesh. The Empty and Billie kept fighting Amara, but Amara was strong - she conjured up smoky trails of energy to trap them, choke them against the wall. Billie closed her eyes and matched Amara's dark power, bringing out the same smoky energy within her and blasting Amara away. The Empty trapped Amara within her dark goo as Amara twisted ferociously out of her grip.
Rowena said, doubling back on his words. "I doubt this Eileen would appreciate such a brute description."
Hell was just as dreary as Sam remembered it from the last time he and Dean visited Rowena, except now there were potted dead flowers lining the hallways to spruce up the place. Must be a Rowena addition, he thought. He kept his hand firmly placed on the hilt of his knife and tried to remember the way to Rowena's throne room. This place creeped the hell out of him - no pun intended.
Cas smiled sadly. "I am merely a projection. Not really here, but out of your head." He paused. "It's nice to see you again, Dean."
"And-and Dean. Where's he?"
Sam racked his brains. "But why would a siren be here? Targeting you?"
The Empty thought for a moment, gauging her abilities. To send the captives back down to Earth would take immense power - a breaking point like no other. She searched within Meg's mind for any information about Castiel and Dean Winchester. The deal was done with Castiel - it would be difficult to find a similarly powerful moment, more impactful than a declaration of love. The Empty moved on to other options - what did Meg think of the human? The demon's attitude towards Dean Winchester was certainly sour, riddled with antagonism and spite and...what was this...jealousy?
Sam could tell he had dug himself a hole but pushed on regardless. "Are you able to contact Cas with two-way communication?"
Sam's voice grew more desperate, more pained. They stood there for at least a minute in panic, calling Dean's name, with no response.
Through tears, Sam let out the hardest words he'd ever said. "Dean...it's okay. You can go now."
Sometimes, the image of Cas wasting away in eternal darkness popped into Dean's head. He could see Cas, in his stupid trench coat, huddled on the ground, tortured by the souls of those he couldn't save. This image would appear in Dean's nightmares; other times, on a quiet night driving with Sam. He could usually get it out of his head with beer, a stint at the bar, a hookup. Any distraction.
"Right, you're the Queen of Hell." Sam smiled back. "It suits you."
With a flash, the Empty appeared before them, still taking on Meg's visage. She shot them a dry smile and staggered towards them with a slight limp.
Jack turned away and let out a groan of annoyance. He twitched and clutched his head, then turned around again to face Cas. His gaze was emotionless, lifeless. "Don't forget, Castiel, who here is God."
cw: su*c*de. nothing too graphic
But this wasn't it, this wasn't the end. Dean stopped believing in happily-ever-afters a long time ago. After a split second of relief with Chuck and Amara out of the way, a sense of dread settled onto his shoulders, weighing him down from the light feeling of the golden snow.
"What are you doing?" said Dean.
John ignored this; instead, he spoke with a breaking voice. "Why are you here, Dean?"
Cas helped him up gently, and then they stood close together, staring at each other in concern.
"He is possessed," said Cas. "By whom, I don't know. But he's bloodthirsty and cruel. Killing you was part of his plan."
"No problemo," Dean muttered.
They heard a yell in the whooshing of smoke and fire; a loud rumble sounded from the sky, and dust began to swirl up and around Jack's golden form. Jack was screaming as the glow around him intensified, becoming a blinding light, washing out Jack's outline from their view. From Jack's hands, the wisps of fire exploded into large, raging flames, their blue tips grasping higher and higher up towards the sky. The clouds above swirled furiously as they received the beam of light, and churned into a whirlpool of flames and dust and smoke.
"It's what's left of them. Their power." Jack paused, looked to the sky, craning his neck to take it all in. "This doesn't belong to one person. Or two. It belongs to everyone. Humanity."
Dean took a breath, collecting himself, and looked up to meet her gaze. "He's family."
He heard footsteps walking into the room. Three familiar faces - Jack, Naomi, and the Empty, using Meg as a vessel, huddled by the office desk.
He was in a daze, mesmerized by the passing orbs of  light, the sprinkles of stardust and clouds surrounding them. The space ship was moving, Cas realized as he saw the starlight blur in the window behind Jack. Cas turned to the front of the ship - the control deck, where he'd seen the Star Trek characters touring deep space. Instead of Captain Picard, he saw two people at the controls.
She rushed back to Sam, oil in tow. "Dean's back," she said.
"It's me." Meg was out of breath, fully winded from her chat with the Empty. She lifted herself up off the floor and wiped sweat from her brow. "The Empty sure knows how to wear a girl out."
"Too...much..." Jack's voice was a hoarse whisper. "Too much...need to....need to...."
John Winchester stepped closer to Dean and stared him down. "You've perverted everything I tried to teach you."
A harsh whoosh of air hit Dean from above, and his head snapped up. The same swirling void that had taken him appeared on the ceiling along with the sounds of distant screaming. Dean furrowed his face in confusion as he squinted into the darkness - a figure was falling towards him, drawing closer as its screams grew louder.
Dean throws up his hands helplessly, “So what, then, you’re a— a— what? A souped up reaper? A demon? What else is on angel level, but not an angel?”
"We?" Dean echoes.
“We never get a cart,” Dean agrees, “we’re always idiots.”
He could back out. He could make something up. Bobby would know, would be able to see the diversion, but Bobby goes by the old code of letting a man keep his secrets. Fuck, Bobby’s so old school. Why the hell did Dean think this was a good idea? Bobby’s been politely ignoring the elephant in the room, keeping to the hunter code of ‘mind your business’. And Dean wants to bring his business right into the open and make Bobby talk about it. Dean’s become exactly the kind of queer he can’t stand.
God that’s so much worse. That’s
“Are you seriously reading
, Bobby told him.
and the lie is sour in his mouth. He needs to start saying it until he believes it, until he can bury his love again.
“We have been working without incident until now,” Cas says, “so long as Sam has learned his lesson I don’t think our training carries any more risk than it already did.”
“Do you feel pain anywhere else?” Cas asks.
Dean’s never thought this before. Never put all of these things together. He’s never had all of the clues, and he still doesn’t know if he’s realizing the truth or making up conspiracy theories. But it’s a fact— Dad was always disappointed in him. Dad was always so ready to ditch Dean, to send him off on his own. He always liked Sam more, no matter how much Sam stood up to him.
“As an archangel, Lucifer would have had knowledge of these seraphim?” Bobby checks.
“I haven’t checked,” Cas dismisses him, and busies himself in flipping through Dad’s journal.
Sam hits him again before sitting back and crossing his arms across his chest.
Dean doesn’t mean to, but he immediately thinks about Cas and heaven. How Cas longs to have a heaven, other angels, to return to. And every time he tries he gets burned worse.
“Not tonight,” Dean gets ahead of himself, “I’m not— not here.  When Sam and I go home, when I’m not sharing a wall with anyone and we have some privacy, I’ll text you. How’s that?”
“Don’t give me that,” Death sneers, “we all know you’ve never been an angel. So you’re wrong on both counts. Now be quiet, I don’t want to talk to you.”
searching for you, Cas! I prayed, every night!”
“Not on purpose.”
“I want it,” Dean mumbles, “I— I want to kiss you again. And I wanna try it out. You and me. If you— if you want to. Get whatever this is out of our system. See what happens.”
it’s nowhere near perfect, but it’s hot. It’s what Dean needs, and he can barely remember why he would have objected to this before purgatory.
“You’ve
he’s not.
There’s a lot of weird foods on their ‘never again’ list. Red meat. Anything that has to be fried-- gets too close to being burned with the way Dean and Bobby cook. Bacon. Carrots. Sam can’t tell the difference between them and his fingers, and Dean can’t stomach another round of patching Sam’s hands up.
“Robert said you left his house a few days ago. And that you forgot these.”
“Good,” Death agrees, “what is stronger than a demon?”
“Water,” Sam croaks, and heads inside.
Purgatory isn’t cold, but it isn’t hot either. Which is fine when they’re moving, but when they stop to sleep Dean gets cold enough to shiver. Benny’s a vamp, so he runs cold. Cas doesn’t run hot, but he's got a vessel with blood and he doesn’t sleep, so he watches over Dean while acting like Dean’s personal space heater. After spending so much time with Sam in his bed, Dean’s actually feels more comfortable having someone to curl up next to. When they find a spot safe enough to make a camp, Dean drops his head into Cas’ lap like Cas is his own personal pillow, and Cas never pushes him away. Dean can turn his head, smell the grime and blood that clings to Cas, that clings to all of them here in purgatory. He smells the sweat of his vessel, and an underlying electric scent that Dean’s come to associate with Cas. Somewhere in the back of his mind, Dean’s pretty sure it also tells his brain he’s safe when he smells that.
Dean really likes that too.
“You look about six seconds from going under again,” Bobby remarks, “let’s put you to bed.”
“Still love me?” Dean checks. He wipes blood off his makeshift machete on the monster he just beheaded. There’s muffled screaming from further away, as Benny drinks his fill of another one.
And it hangs between them, this confession, this
Benny laughs, and by the time he turns Andrea is up in his face. Dean politely looks away, notes that Sam
Sam’s unconscious again as fast as he woke up. Bobby leans in and shakes Sam, gives his cheek a pat.
Sam looks away from Dean, up and to the right, like there’s someone else talking to him.
Dean wakes to the creak of his door opening. It’s dark, and he barely catches a glimpse of Sam’s big, hulking form closing the door behind him.
Right. Cas blew out the windows and shit.
Sam laughs. Dean counts it as a win.
“What about Naomi?” Dean checks.
Sam gives up the fight for once, “Sure, fine.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“I love you, I do,” Dean insists, “but Sam, he’s my brother. I have to—”
Cas loves him, right? Maybe he’d want to try that kiss again. To get it right.
Dean picks himself up, scrubs his face, and gets back in the car.
“So far Dean and I don’t appear to be severely afflicted,” Cas starts, and Bobby cuts him off.
Sam looks like he wants to be struck by lightning, “I didn’t— shit, wait, we just got milk! Hold on!”
Dean hands off a list of info to Cas, including the stupid instruction ‘do things that make you happy’.
Benny grabs him and pulls him back. Dean’s focus on the leviathan lightshow is broken, and he keeps his eyes lowered. Holy shit. It almost whammied him into walking right up to it.
“So now we wait?” Bobby figures.
Cas considers this a moment, looking down closer to Dean’s collarbone.
Dean’s heart hammers in his chest.
Dean lifts his head to look at him.
“That’s it,” he agrees, “well, I got a, uh, kinda stepdad. Nobody’s adopted anyone, but, we like him. I think he likes us… if he’s still alive. I kinda fucked up, made a bad call. Might have gotten him killed.”
And then the vessel goes limp in Dean’s arms as Cas pulls out of it. Dean scrambles to catch Cas— Cas’ vessel— on instinct. He lowers it onto the couch and pulls away. Without an angel in there making everything run, the vessel is just a corpse and it’s creepy to touch. No heartbeat, no breathing, no warmth to it.
Cas frowns, “You’re upset.”
Bobby’s on the porch, shotgun in his hands. Doesn’t have his fingers on the trigger just yet. Perfect.
“Just be here,” Sam says, and tightens his grip. Dean squeezes back, “you’re my anchor. As long as you're around I can come back to you. That’s all you have to do.”
If Dean can secure Sam his place in heaven, then… yeah. He’ll do it. Fuck the world, fuck the leviathans, fuck everyone. Let someone else figure this shit out. Sam’s done enough. He deserves to rest in fucking
“The thought of me, of this vessel, fucking you is arousing?” Cas checks.
Dean groans when Cas pushes back into him. The lube is kinda cold, a little fresh, and makes for a weird sensation and then there’s the stretch of the new finger. Before Dean can think that maybe it hurts for a second, Cas is bullseyed on his prostate again and Dean thinks the bit of pain is a great edge for the pleasure.
“You?” Dean wonders, “is that you? Cause you’re so fucking nice or whatever?”
“You hungry? I’ll get us breakfast,” Dean says.
all on Dean, and how fucking hot it was just to grind up on Cas’ leg. How hot it is when Cas jerks him off. How hot is it going to be when it can be the real thing?
And there— there Dean sees it, a flicker of light in Cas’ eyes. Grace, showing through. Something silvery and bright, like a thin wire, flickers around Cas’ throat. Is it— fuck does this woman have a fucking
Cas has forgiven Dean some pretty heinous shit. Cas chose him over heaven, even after that time Dean tried to make out with him. Cas saw Dean down in the pit, at his very worst and irredeemable, and Cas fell in love with him anyways.
Cas does look up at him now, “Not the whole time. Just… most of it. Time passes differently for me. I didn’t realize how long I’d been there.”
Blood on the ground is all that’s left of Cas. A body that’s still warm, Bobby.
about survival in Purgatory.
But hell answered that question. Dean is a horrible creature. At this point he can’t even be sure he’s all human anymore. No human would have thrived in hell like he did. He’s still waiting for the angels to realize they have the wrong guy. It’ll happen, sooner than later. He should stop fearing it, really. Dean’s used to being a disappointment.
Sam’s voice is quiet, but even, as he asks, “how is it hurting me?”
“You hungry?” Dean asks one morning in the bunker kitchen. Sam slept in a little bit, Bobby’s off to lay down for a few hours. So it’s breakfast on Dean.
Bobby looks surprised by the aggressive tone.
Not since they were kids playing air guitar and jumping on motel beds have he and Sam goofed around like this. Dean feels so light he can’t stop laughing.
“I’ve been keeping Dean alive,” Benny growls.
This whole coddling with no solution, knowing the problem is there and not solving it, is so foreign to Dean. Will sitting and watching a movie with his brother help his brother’s nightmares? No, of course not. But it’s what Sam wants.
And what the hell does that mean? Dean is so, so out of his element with psychic stuff and—
“Sure, shoot,” Dean says.
“Yeah, fuck you,” Dean says, but it’s good-natured teasing.
Insider info from me to you: that "memorizing the angles of Dean's face" that Cas does at the beginning of the chapter is a response to the conversation he has with Sam about Sam being able to see the grace that Cas leaves on Dean. Dean doesn't need to know Cas is hiding his grace-hickies so Sam doesn't have to see everywhere Dean was getting some affection lmao.
“Yeah,” Dean says, because what is there to say against that? It’s all true. “He’s also, by my count, saved our lives countless times, including getting Sammy out of the cage, and bringing you and me back to life. He turned on heaven for us.”
“Thanks, Sam,” Benny says, and offers Sam a handshake.
Dean pulls away to put baby back in drive, and hits the gas. The wheels screech as he rips back onto the road, sending gravel flying behind them.
Like pulling a blanket over his head or getting swallowed by a wave, he feels the surge of Cas’ touch over his body, and then the leviathan’s roar loses it’s intensity. Dean gasps for air so hard he nearly sobs. He thinks Cas just covered him in his hands, like you would hold a bug.
Bobby mutters a few choice curses, and steps back.
Some of Cas' lines were directly inspired by the Stars song 'Up in our bedroom after the war'.
“Were you born in a barn?” Dean shouts after him.
brother, which makes Sam
Dad would kill him if he knew Dean was allowing this.
“I want to talk to you,” Cas says.
It’s the middle of the night. No one is going to come by and see them. Dean’s indulging for a little bit. This is just a throwback to simpler times.
Dean almost does as he’s told.
burn, but it’s not nice. And it fucking
“How about you tell us what’s going on with you?” Sam cuts him off, and he crosses the room to drop into the chair across the table from Cas. Sam’s acting all tough, but he’s pale and sweaty as shit. He’s grinning like a lunatic.
“Dean,” Cas says softly. He sets his book down.
he’s hooked up with more guys than Dean.
“Don’t look so sad,” Benny laughs, “that’s not the only way to fuck.”
“Then you’re safe here,” Dean reminds him. What he wants to say is
“Sex and violence,” Dean says, “sounds pretty vamp to me.”
“Yeah, well,” Dean shrugs, “this is Sammy’s shit. You know my stuff, right?”
“And we just agreed that there’s only one thing stronger than an archangel, did we not?” Death says.
“Are you sure you’re okay?” Dean checks, “you’re—you’re really chatty with yourself. Or, uh, it’s—it’s him, the devil, right? That’s who you see?”
“Gross,” Dean remarks, and he grabs Benny’s wrist before he can pull away. Chicks swallow all the time, and it’s super hot. Dean can be hot shit too. He licks a stripe across Benny’s palm.
. So sue Dean for using it as an excuse to jerk off together. But yes, he did get a little too into it when he told Cas he wants to be fucked like that,
hate him?”
fast. By the end of the first day Dean’s considering shipping him off to Bobby because Sam won’t stop bothering him for stuff to do. It’s like when he was 6 and learned to ask ‘why?’ and wanted to know ‘why?’ about
“Are you seeing
Dean can’t help himself. He slaps a hand on Benny’s shoulder, shakes him. He thinks he could hug him for how delighted he is to have the vamp with him right now.
would God make me like this? Why am I so profoundly
“I didn’t hit him,” Dean snaps, and when Bobby turns his eyes to the books, Dean thinks of how fast he’d moved to throw the first book across the room, how easily it could have been to throw it
