"I want to make it clear to everyone in this room that if any of your children feel threatened or are harassed, not just by the Holmes siblings, but by anyone, call us. Please don't take it upon yourselves to play vigilante, or you'll be the one in jail. Unfortunately we have no laws against stalking. Convince your children to trust us and report the behavior," Dave insisted.
And so here John was forty-five minutes later, giving Warren all the pain the man could stand, helping him temporarily erase the memory of his ex-lover. And Warren was taking it with such strength.
"The last relationship I had---I found out he was stealing money from me and my children. He never wanted me, just money. We caught him before he really did severe financial damage," Sherlock revealed.
John raised his hands and shook them. "No way. Sherlock would think this is ridiculous. Not to mention, he'd be critiquing the technical aspects of the pictures so much, he'd get no enjoyment from them."
Yvonne placed an arm around the woman. "Thanks love." She pecked her on the cheek. "Ladies and gentleman, this is my beautiful wife Jasmine."
"Sherlock, please leave. This conversation is between your mother, myself and Mrs. Watson," his father reprimanded.
Sherlock nodded. "I am. I know what you're going to say, that I'll be bored out of my skull not running after criminals in London, or examining bodies at crime scenes, but trust me I won't. I have my lab to conduct experiments. And it's about time I started enjoying more of what London has to offer in the daytime. There's so much to do and see John. Combine that with taking on private cases of our choosing, we'll still have a full life. Before I met you, there was so much lacking in my life. Now there isn't. I'm the happiest I've ever been."
John decided he wasn't going to spend New Year's Eve alone in his room. While he couldn't attend the party in the ballroom because you needed a ticket to go, the bar was open to anyone. So he dressed in the fanciest clothes he had, black slacks, a white button down, red vest with gold buttons, dark jeans, and black loafers, and found a seat in the corner against the wall. The bar wasn't packed, but it was fairly crowded. It also served as a small pub, with tables so people who wanted to eat could. John was waiting on an order of chips. He didn't want to drink on an empty stomach.
Owen also moved to England to put distance between he and his family, who were not thrilled with his homosexuality but tolerated it as long as he showed an interest in the family business. Owen had a younger sister, Emma, who was nineteen, and the spoiled favorite child. He and John had something in common, disapproving parents, and the two talked about their families when John wasn't in his military uniform dominating the other man.
"Okay, let me get this straight Mr. Wilkes, you have no idea where your wife is?" Officer James Sholto sternly asked as he stood inside the Wilkes' massive living room.
Soon John was sitting at a small round table in the bar, having ordered a bourbon, and an appetizer of shrimp cocktail. He figured the small meal would tide him over until breakfast tomorrow.
John nodded against Sherlock's chest. "Sure. I could do with a nap and I figure your beekeeping book is the just thing to put me to sleep." He looked up at him and smiled teasingly."
His parents were fine with it. Mycroft had escaped to his friend's Henry Knight's house for an overnight stay, which left his parents' full attention on caring for Eurus. Sherlock bounded up the stairs to his room, grabbed some comfy clothes which he threw into a duffel bag, and left the house, back on the road to John's.
John never thought he'd give thanks for a dangerous storm but he was. He and Sherlock were happily wed, they were staying in a beautiful home courtesy of Mycroft that they could enjoy for another two days and they had people who cared about them. They couldn't ask for anything else. John was never more glad for the rain as he was now. Sherlock must have felt the same way, as he turned off his laptop, put it on the floor, and reached for John to give him a warm and loving embrace.
"Of course. That's why I'm calling. I want to warn the lovely citizens of Sherrinford that I'm going to do it again. Nobody will know when, or whom, but it will happen. Remember, no one is safe."
John was floored, and his mouth dropped open. "You're not serious. You want me to be a...dominatrix?"
Sherlock took off his raincoat and hung it up on a rack mounted on their door, then ran a hand through his unruly curls. He joined John on the bed, leaning in for a kiss. John was only too happy to indulge him. Sherlock smiled and the two cuddled together.
"Right then. I'm sure you all have questions, so raise your hands and I'll call on you as I see you."
"The night's not over Sherlock. You can still be with your little John. He's only dancing with that girl as a favor to his friend. He doesn't have any romantic interest in her."
"You don't have to say anything more Sherlock. I know how hard it is to lose a loved one, especially in a tragic accident." John reached up behind him and ruffled Sherlock's curls.
"Fine." He smirked at Greg. "So uh, why isn't Anderson on this one? Did the higher ups finally figure out what an incompetent fool he is?"
Dave Morstan was driving around town making sure things were quiet and so far everything was calm. It was Labor Day, and many people had plans. He would be going to the Lestrade's barbecue later with his wife and daughter, trying his damnedest not to think about the murders but he knew it would probably be the only topic of conversation.
"Sherlock, let's go home! It's raining cats and dogs and my face paint is starting to wash away!" John exclaimed.
The phone in the hallway rang, and Mycroft answered it. He didn't need the servants for that. "Hello, Holmes residence."
A few minutes later, the doctor entered the room. Sherlock couldn't help take notice of how handsome he was. He was young, about his age or a few years older, with short blond hair, and deep blue eyes. He had crinkles underneath his eyes, a prominent nose, and perhaps the cutest ears Sherlock had ever seen on a man, and he instantly wondered where that came from, but he put it out of his mind. Simply, the doctor was attractive. He wore a white labcoat, khaki trousers, and a white button down shirt. His name tag read John Watson, M.D.
Sebastian walked over to Henry and slowly lowered himself down on top of the smaller boy, pressing kisses to his forehead, cheeks and finally lips. He deepened the kiss, his tongue slowly working its way into Henry's mouth. Henry let go of his comic, allowing it to fall to the floor, and he wrapped his arms around Sebastian's back, his hands going down to his backside. He grabbed Sebastian's butt and began to squeeze it.
"Sherlock, this appalling behavior cannnot continue," a cool and authoritative voice rang out from beside him. It was his older brother, Mycroft, sitting cross-legged in the armchair beside him, elegant in a black three piece suit and white shirt. "You're thirty-one years old and still act like you're seventeen. Time for you to grow up brother."
"The fun's just beginning," she replied with a wink. "Did you like my moaning? It's going to come in handy when Jimmy comes over and the real sex takes place."
"My parents won't let me listen to the radio at night anymore, well at least that station," Molly said. "They'll think I'll have bad dreams."
Sherlock saw John's reaction and grinned deviously. "So John, I made a special trip today and the results of that trip I'm holding in each hand. Now all you have to do is choose one of these results," Sherlock said huskily.
The girl gave Sherlock a dazzling grin. "Certainly. I wouldn't turn down a chance to rub down a gorgeous guy like you."
Sherlock frowned and turned away. Is this what he sounded like when he made his advances to John? Is that what his face looked like whenever he saw him? He could never tell, he was always too caught up in his own lust. If so, he now knew how the other boy felt.
Sherlock all this time had been silently deducing some of the audience members and didn't even hear the other men's conversation. "John, see that girl sitting across from us with the ridiculous purple and turquoise hair," he whispered in his mate's ear. "She's an alpha and sleeping with her roommate's omega. Her roommate is sitting next to her and she's texting but not letting the other one see her phone. She's sending messages to her lover."
He heard mumbling and grumbling, and soon the other boy was awake. "What's going on?" He rubbed his eyes. Then he turned and looked at John. "Hey," he said sleepily.
Molly finished her soda and threw the Styrofoam cup in the trash. She grabbed her bag and began to head home. As she stepped out of the parking lot, she recognized Mycroft Holmes' green Aston Martin sitting at the intersection across from her.
John’s mouth dropped open. He certainly wasn’t expecting a rich kid from across the pond to be into leather jackets and hot rods. “You’re kidding me!”
The wheels in John's head were turning. "A spouse maybe? Their child? He's protecting someone he loves? But if that's the motive, why go after Phillip and Sally? From what I knew of them, they were two of the nicest people in town, not bothering anybody. If anything, it was others who were bothering them, for dating outside their race."
A few moments later, Gloria slowly opened her eyes, squinting at the dim lights above her. The last thing she remembered was putting her head down on the floor after taking a bunch of Valium, feeling like she was trapped in a fog. She turned her head and saw her husband next to her, holding her hand. She turned again and saw Sebastian and Henry cuddled up together.
"Your dad is ape Little Seb," Art Doyle said, but with envy. "I can't believe he encouraged you to do this. I had to tell my folks I was going with Carl and all of you to the movies. If they found out I'm going to play peeping tom they'd tan my hide so raw I wouldn't be able to sit for a month!"
Rosie was slowly recovering from a bad head cold. Her fever had broken earlier this afternoon but she still had very little energy so she slept most of the day. John had been back and forth checking on her.
Charlie Magnussen stood up front. He was a tall man with platinum blond hair and icy blue eyes hidden behind glasses. He looked cold and imposing but was actually one of the nicest men you'd ever meet. Pete Hooper had asked him to guide the meeting and he agreed.
"I gather there's going to be an investigation as to why Wilkes wasn't immediately handcuffed at the scene," James murmured.
"Well, I don't think he'll bothering me again. I'm sure his groin and ankles will remind him of that."
"Turns out the museum manager was Mycroft's old roommate at Eaton, and Mycroft wanted to do a favor, imagine that." Sherlock snorted and shook his head.
"It was great. I took my daughter to the children's museum, had dinner with a friend on Saturday, and yesterday I met up with him again for lunch at Regent's."
Sherlock didn't reply, and seconds later John realized why when he felt something warm and thick in between his buttcrack, which turned out to be Sherlock's tongue. "Jesus Christ Sherlock!" he yelled.
"I called them right after I got signed in to A&E. I actually talked to Greg, and gave him a description of the morons."
"Yeah Big Seb, you just threaten to beat up teenage girls at the park who then turn around and slice up your sorry little ass," Art barked.
Sherlock flipped onto his back, his Cupid’s bow lips in a pout. “But why did it have to be you? Couldn’t they have gotten another bonded omega?”
John threw his head back and roared with laughter. "You can't be serious! Me, hot? I call it a success if I don't show up to work with wrinkled clothes."
Molly shook her head and laughed. "Okay, I'll be down in a few. Go to the back door." She closed the window, and Greg saw her bedroom light go out. He headed for the backyard.
Sherlock grinned so wide his laugh lines traveled all the way down his cheekbones. "You do know he's sleeping with Sergeant Donovan?"
"I'll get it Mom." Molly moved to answer it. Kitty Reilly stood at the door. "Good evening Miss Hooper. I'm Kitty Reilly from
"I don't know Henry. I don't know what to believe anymore. Everything's gotten so crazy. It's like a nightmare you can't wake up from." Molly looked down at her lap.
“Prat,” Sherlock said, but with no heat in his voice. “Actually, a glass of bubbly and a cigarette would feel really good right now.”
The two men walked towards the station lot where Sherlock's car, an older model black SUV sat. They got in, John holding his rucksack on his lap. "What a beautiful day," he said.
"I'm going to be sick," Sebastian croaked. He saw a door that led to the bathroom and rushed inside, bending over the sink and retching. Henry quickly followed him, rubbing his back as he heaved a few more times. Once he was done, he turned on the tap and rinsed out his mouth, then splashed the cool water on his face. Henry grabbed some paper towels from a dispenser mounted on the wall and handed them to Sebastian.
Henry looked at his boyfriend. He'd never seen him so sad and pale. "Okay Sebby, don't cry. I'll come." He patted his hand.
"And I would have expected you to go by some silly hippie moniker, like River Song or Afternoon Breeze."
"Can I stay with you for a while? Nobody's at my house. Eurus is off doing god knows with Jim, and Mycroft and my parents decided to take a ride out of town to get away from what's been going on here."
This chapter was written for a prompt on a Johnlock writers' Facebook group to use the song "The First Time I Ever Saw Your Face" in a story. I decided to add it as chapter to this series.
Harold breathed a sigh of relief, then looked at Jeremy." Did he go after anyone else after he tried to get me? "
Seconds later he heard a rap on his window, which made him jump. He stood there, petrified. Then the rapping sound again. John frantically searched around for a weapon, and rushed to his closet to get out his baseball bat. Whoever was outside was in for a good bashing.
Clarence took the lead and led everyone into his home. Now he had to tell Harry...and John. This was not going to end well.
"Sounds perfect John." Sherlock brushed his lips across John's forehead. "I can't wait to be married to you."
John was sitting in front of Sherlock, his back to the other boy's chest. Sherlock's long legs were wrapped around John's waist, feet in his lap, and his arms were wrapped around John's chest.
John smirked, knowing the answer would rile up his husband. “It’s called thinking-with-your-knot syndrome.”
Even though the weather wasn't so sunny the rest of their vacation, the detective and the doctor didn't care. They were together, they were happy, and that's all that mattered. They weathered so many personal storms, actual storms were like cakewalks to them.
"Congratulations Molly. I hope your date is successful." John leaned back in his chair. "Say, you think this Sherlock would like to be one of the chaperones at the stargazing party?"
John held his stomach, it was hurting from laughing so much. "That is the craziest story I ever heard."
A still groggy John stood at the small kitchen countertop, pouring corn flakes into two bowls before adding milk. Normally John would cook heartier breakfasts for he and Sherlock, especially since his stubborn git of a boyfriend sometimes refused to eat anything more than half a sandwich, or some fruit, or takeaway, and the latter was cutting too much into their food budget. Despite Sherlock coming from a well-off family, John did not want to use the majority of his money for frivolous things. And he was going to Tesco anyway to replenish some of their stock, as he had no classes today, only a late morning required lab session.
"John, you seriously underestimate yourself. You are one hot 'Meggie. If I were an alpha I'd be all over you like a bee on honey," Sally bluntly replied.
A severe wave of nausea crested up in her stomach, and she let out an ungodly cry. "Jeremy, pull over. I'm going to be sick."
He gathered up his things, put his T-shirt on, and Warren saw him out. Once he was in the hallway, heading to the elevator, he took a deep breath. It was an intense session, but very successful. He couldn't believe how easy domination was coming to him. He was truly glad he didn't turn down Irene and Molly's offer. It was the most excitement and thrills he's experienced since being in the Army.
John could hear Owen wimper as he increased the pressure of the bullhorn to his genitals. "Steady soldier," he gently chided. "If you don't keep quiet, you don't get to come."
She watched him leave. "Looks like I'm not going into work. I'm not leaving my sick baby alone." She went into the kitchen and began to make phone calls to school and to her job.
He sighed. "Okay, I admit there is a slight attraction. But I can't act on it." He cast a firm gaze on Sherlock. "And if you really want to make it up to me like you say you do, you'll respect my wishes."
The following month, John and Sherlock took a weekend holiday to Brighton, where they became intimate with each other for the first time. It was awkward, and a bit messy, like most first times are, but they still had fun with each other.
"It'll get crowded later, after eleven. That's when the wilder weres come in and really start tearing up the joint," Bill explained.
"I feel so bad for Sebastian," John told Luke as the two entered the coffee shop, taking a booth close to the back next to a window, where the two could look out onto the street. Luke had filled him in on what had happened to the ex-soldier.
Sylvia broke away from her daughter and smiled at her reassuringly. "Lock up the house okay? I'll call you later this afternoon."
As the remaining boys ran around like fools, Janine, Sophie, Mary, Sarah, Jennifer, and Becky Dimmock, who had arrived half an hour before Carl and his friends made their appearance, stepped out from behind the cabana, giggling and laughing. "Serves you right you sex-crazed morons!" Janine called out.
Moments later, Sherlock found himself being chased around the flat by a spatula wielding John. "If you keep this up, I'll tell Bill to play all those line dancing songs---and I'll make sure your skinny little arse is up there moving to all of them!"
John was at the shore now. The waves were rough and relentless, white foam crashing into sand. He turned around and saw Sherlock, clad in black swim trunks, with an evil grin on his face. “You have nowhere to go John. I’m coming for you.” He raced towards him, arms flung out, ready to grab him.
"Oh I am serious. They wanted so much to be with us tonight, might as well be friendly. But there's a catch. You're all sopping wet and you'll need a change of clothes. I'm sure my mom and I can spare something." She smiled deviously.
Mycroft just shrugged, but silently he was grinning from ear to ear. “Mrs. Smallwood, I’d be delighted to have tea with you.”
Lucy smiled at her sibling's joke. "I'm just thankful there was no internal bleeding. He'll be extremely sore with his cracked ribs, but thank God that's all he has."
Today is New Year's Eve, and while many would like to celebrate the last day of one of the worst years in history, Covid has canceled large public parties. It's all for the best, as a nuisance of an ice storm has descended on London.
Sherlock hungrily leered at John, his eyes taking in the absolutely sinful delight of his boyfriend. John was beautiful. The best, perfect Christmas present he could ever receive. Then he saw his combat boots and his leer got bigger. John knew Sherlock had a kink for combat boots.
He didn't remember much after taking the sleeping pills he snatched from the Watson's house. What he did remember, was the ache that seeped deep inside him when John changed his mind and told him he didn't want to be with him. The rational part of Sherlock's mind said that he should not be having feelings so strong for a boy he only met four days ago. The emotional part of his mind said to hell with it all and that what he was feeling was love at first sight. He'd always deemed
I watched him go back into Sherlock's room. For some reason, I felt the need to stand right outside. I was hoping I'd hear some conversation between them. I wondered if Sherlock would try deducing John. Usually when he spilled out someone's life's history as he did, it didn't end well. I had a feeling Doctor Watson was different from everybody else, he seemed pretty affable.
Eurus turned to Jim and kissed him back. He pushed her down into the grass, massaging her dark hair with his right hand. She hummed to the touch, closing her eyes. "There's something important I have to tell you Jimmy. It's about my family and I, and why we really left England. But I want to tell you after school when we've got more time."
The suit was dark navy with a subtle gray pinstripe, made from exquisite bespoke fabric, the texture sleek and smooth.
"How can anyone think astronomy isn't worthwhile? I should go up to the third floor and give him a piece of my mind," John responded, a little put out.
Tired of watching his spouse, he left his chair and jumped in, grateful the pool was heated. He let his body get used to the water, then he pushed his curls away from his forehead, eyes searching for John. He saw him at the other end, waving and smiling. Sherlock immediately swam to him, wrapping his long arms and legs around him, greeting him with a passionate kiss.
John laughed and raised his glass. "Here here. And let's toast you and Molly. I'm glad you finally got together." The two men clinked glasses and took a big swig of beer. "Fuck that's good," John said. "Been a while."
The three amicably parted ways, with John's mood even brighter than it was when he woke up this morning to see Evie standing by his bedside, with her arms out, wanting a hug and greeting him with a "goo morn Daddy."
Sally Donovan is described as colored, because that was one of the "friendlier" terms used towards African-Americans in the 1960's.
Wanda smiled as she watched her son eat and talk with his friends. This is how it should be all the time, she thought. Carefree, innocent, and without having to be frightened of faceless maniacs waiting to jump out at you in the dark. She prayed the killer would be caught soon.
Sherlock pressed a kiss to a sleeping John's forehead and closed their bedroom door. Pulling his dressing gown tighter around his lanky frame, the detective stepped into the kitchen to sit down at the table and begin examining some tissue samples Molly had sent him with his microscope, while trying to ignore the heavy rain pelting the windows.
"How about I run us a nice warm bath. You fetch some wine, and I'll light some candles," John suggested with a sly grin.
"We'd never do that. Not after all the joy he's brought to me, and especially to Sebastian. We need him more than ever now, and he needs us. He's just fifteen, so young," Gloria replied, fighting back tears. She didn't think she could cry anymore. She was completely dry, exhausted---and furious. Furious at Richard for betraying their marriage, betraying the town, and causing so much heartbreak to so many families.
Sarah entered, carrying a large torch. "Apparently we're the only ones whose lights and electricity has gone out. Valerie is calling the power company to see if they have any information."
A curvy, petite dark haired woman wearing dark blue pearl-studded jeans and a long-sleeved black T-shirt appeared, and stood next to Yvonne. "Sweetheart, the rooms are ready if you want to take the girls back."
“John, he’s been staring at you for the last half-hour,” Molly whispered to her friend as the two sat at a table eating chicken tenders and french fries. She was starting to get unnerved at the sight of Sherlock Holmes, standing against the wall by the snack bar, ogling John.
John shook his head. "I'll never get over how you manage to know what I'm going to do without me telling you."
“Sherlock loves soldiers, don’t you brother-in-law-of-mine,” he teased, borrowing Mycroft’s expression. “Especially blond soldiers.”
Sherlock pulled John right back into his arms. "Don't worry about Molly John, she'll be fine. The killer isn't after her. Whomever killed Carl was probably already planning to do it. I think seeing him harass Molly gave him even more justification to commit the crime." He pressed a kiss to John's scalp, reveling in the fresh mint scent of his hair.
“Even more all the reason to steer clear.” John peered at the clock on the wall. “Break time’s over friend. Let’s cut the gas and get back to work. Only two more hours to go!”
If he did call the police, and nobody was prowling around, he'd feel stupid and they would probably be miffed at coming out for nothing. But what if he didn't, and if Wilkes was casing the house, he'd try to break in. He did it before, and Principal Saxon ended up in the hospital.
Evie would be staying with the married couple he'd taken on as regular clients. They were trustworthy, and the wife was newly pregnant with their first child. Watching his daughter would be good practice for them, and as an added bonus he promised them a free session, nothing too strenuous due to the pregnancy.
What do you think John will say to Sherlock? How will Greg react? And Sherlock may or may not have nicked Mycroft's credit card to go on a shopping spree, which Mycroft definitely would have known about. ;)
He sat on top of his bed, shaking uncontrollably, scared beyond belief, wondering what to do. He knew he should call the police, but if he did, his life, and the life of everyone he loved would be in ruins. He also knew if he didn't tell the police what he'd seen, what he'd heard, more people would die. He couldn't have all that blood on his hands.
"What's so interesting about me? I'm sure compared to the guys you had back in England, I'm nothing."
John laughed and shook his head. Leave it to Sherlock to deduce that bit of information. "Correct as always love. He did want to be a photojournalist but his alpha became disabled after a work injury so he had to take a job that would keep him close to home." He nuzzled Sherlock's cheek. "I really am glad you like them. The girls thought you would."
"Of course you do. Doesn't he?" Sherlock sharply turned to Mycroft and Greg, casting a steely gaze on his brother and brother-in-law.
Victor’s mouth dropped and he sat down across from John, throwing his skates on the floor. “John, why didn’t you tell me this? We should call the police!”
He moved to where he could see his car and leaned up against the building, closing his eyes and singing along to the music, which could be heard all the way through the parking lot. He opened up his eyes and gazed up towards the sky. It was 7:30 and the sun was beginning to set. Off to the right, a glowing half-moon hung in the orange-pink sky.
"I have to. Otherwise, he'll get suspicious. Sebastian will really freak out. I'll be okay, I promise."
Sherlock finally made it, and he stood right in front him, a dreamy look on his handsome face. "John," he simply said.
Sherlock gently cupped John's chin with his hand. "I don't want you to be sad John. I want to see you happy and full of life. You're my sun, my conductor of light." He bent down and kissed him tenderly.
"I will John." There was a pause, and then Mrs. Holmes spoke again, but with a quivery voice, almost whispering. "Thank you."
He walked into the kitchen, and smiled at seeing John cooking pasta on the stove. "John," Sherlock greeted him cheerfully.
John had short blond hair which cast off an otherworldly illumination under the theatre's lights. He had a rough, handsome face, which was lavishly made up. His eyes were lined in black liner, the lids painted a shimmery silver to match his outfit. His cheeks were dusted with silvery highlighter, and his lips were also silver as well. The look on his face matched the intensity of his moves. Sherlock was hypnotized. This dancer was absolutely beautiful and he pictured himself dancing alongside him.
"Idiots!" Jennifer exclaimed. "Don't you have anything better do to on a Saturday night besides spy on us?"
"Your mother has him contained in the garage and the poor pooch is going stir crazy," Robert explained.
Sherlock got home at seven o'clock. He'd been at the St. Bart's morgue pestering one of the pathology interns to give him some toes to experiment on over the holiday. After twenty minutes of back-and forth, Sherlock claimed victory (after threatening to tell the intern's girlfriend he'd nicked her new expensive underwear she purchased at Victoria's Secret so he could wear it).
Molly sighed in defeat and peered up at the sky. "No, I don't. I'm glad you called the police. But it doesn't mean it's going to win me over, and I know you were thinking that when you did it. I do have some intelligence."
"Well, I don't want to prolong your stay any longer Mr. Holmes. I'm going to get that wrap. I'll need you to take off your shirt. I'll be right back." As Doctor Watson was leaving, Sherlock called out to him. "Please call me Sherlock. Mr. Holmes is for my older brother."
John got, stretched his arms and legs, and took a deep breath, fragrant smells of flowers and sunshine pleasantly filling up his nostrils. He instantly felt calm and relaxed.
But he slowly started to get better. With intense therapy, the night terrors weren't as frequent. He was on medication for his depression, and allowed Jim to take him outside every so often for fresh air, and sunshine, when London decided to give it up. They used some of the money to buy a large, first floor three bedroom flat near the financial district so Sebastian could come and go without hindrance. Jim converted one of the extra bedrooms into a personal gym, and Sebastian worked out every day, building his upper body strength back up. He was finally getting in a good place.
The girl sighed dramatically and sat down next to him, perched on the edge of the lounge chair. “Not the most dignified greeting, but compared to all the other dull idiots I’ve had to suffer through tonight, I’ll take it. My name is Eurus Holmes. And you’re Greg Lestrade.”
"As lovely as this is babe, dinner's on the table and we can't let it get cold. How about we continue this after we eat?" John murmured, rubbing Sherlock's back.
"She had them before, but not as severe as this morning," Sherlock answered. Then his eyes went wide. "Dr. Watson, are you suggesting that---"
It was a humid day in August, and a thunderstorm was brewing on the horizon. John was in Sussex for a medical conference, and Sherlock had come with him, since his parents' cottage was in Sussex and he wanted to take a look at the old apiaries in the back. And by staying there, the two didn't have to rent a hotel room.
John nodded. "I call it the Twelve Yucks of Christmas. Each box has something very gross and right up your alley for you to examine or experiment on. Happy Christmas my ridiculous and beautiful man." He leaned down and gently kissed Sherlock's curls.
Sherlock nodded, grateful for that. He'd been so lonely after his husband Victor passed away that he was vulnerable, and allowed Sebastian into his life not knowing until six months into the relationship the other man was just interested in Sherlock's money and nothing else. When Sherlock and his children discovered cash missing out of not only his checking account, but the twins' trust funds, they traced it back to the duplicitous boyfriend and threw him out of the house. They were also able to recover the stolen money which Sebastian had put into a separate, secret account. Sebastian ultimately ended up in jail in France thanks to a warrant the French police had on him for check fraud.
Principal Saxon awakens but there's frustration as he can't remember the events which led to him being hospitalized, John visits a sick Sherlock, who begins to tell him about Sheridan, and as the town is sent reeling from the brutal murders of Art Doyle and Marty Freeman, the killer terrorizes another teenager.
Half an hour later, two enthusiastic little girls and Mrs. Hudson were in her kitchen making snickerdoodles. The homey smell of cinnamon filled the cozy flat and John, who was offering his services as dishwasher, had to admit he couldn't wait to try one of the cookies. "Smells delicious ladies," he said, grinning at the three.
John mentally re-traced his steps from earlier, and then the image of the two teachers smoking popped up in his mind. One tall and impossibly good-looking, one shorter wearing an expensive tailored suit. "Okay, I remember. I saw him this morning as I was coming in. Is he tall, with striking angular looks and dark hair?"
"Cool!" Sherrinford shouted. Eurus looked at him and giggled, and Sherlock just rolled his eyes. His two siblings were so unlike him when he was their age.
Shirley Lestrade was going through her checklist for this afternoon's Labor Day cookout. She and her husband Robert decided they were still having it. They weren't going to let the psychopath on the loose ruin their plans. They needed to be as normal as possible, and Greg would have been disappointed if it had been cancelled. Besides, it was good to have all of Greg's friends around and together, and not home or somewhere else where they could be more vulnerable. It was still hard to believe Phillip Anderson and Sally Donovan had been so brutally killed and she would no longer see the couple around town, holding hands and saying hello to Sally when she spotted her working downtown at Ventham's Pharmacy.
John froze in his spot. It was like time standing still. He looked into Wilkes' icy blue eyes, and they were filled with sheer fury. He decided to say nothing, knowing he would provoke the madman, hoping keeping quiet would ensure he lived.
"You can be a chaperone at my stargazing party next Friday night. It's going to be right here, on the back lawn. It's just for Year 9's, so you don't have to worry about running into anyone you may have pissed off."
John was quickly making a name for himself in London's sex industry. He was sporting an impressive roster of clients, and a woman by the name of Kitty Reilly had called, wanting to interview him for a special trade magazine devoted to BDSM called Bound. Kitty had interviewed Irene and Molly several years earlier. John had agreed to the interview and set up a time to talk.
"Not right now. I just want to lay here with you a little longer and take in this ocean air," Sherlock replied, burying his face into John's shirt.
"It shouldn't. Even those not on my list shouldn't feel better. I will be killing their friends, their loved ones...I'll still cause devastation and despair to them even if I'm not tearing into their flesh."
Sherlock wasted no time opening the box and gasped at he saw was inside. His mouth started to water. It was a red velvet cake with cream cheese frosting, his favorite. Chocolate curls dyed red were expertly placed on top. He beamed at John. "What a wonderful surprise. What's the occasion? Have I forgotten something?"
Sherlock couldn't help but preen. He'd gotten tons of compliments and positive reactions at his deep baritone. Victor had once described it as a rippling pool of posh, delectable, expensive dark chocolate. "Thank you John. You look uh, well, just amazing. Your picture doesn't do you justice."
"Clarence sure knows how to give good presents," John remarked, thinking about his car back in Sherrinford.
"My brother referred to Sheridan's death as an accident?" Eurus was surprised. Sherlock had ranted at her many times for what she'd done, so why would he lie to John? Then it hit her. Sherlock was afraid if he'd spill the beans about what really happened, John would reject him. She knew her brother was head over heels in love.
Sherlock thought for a moment, then blushed. "Uh, can you get some pancake mix and chocolate chips?" he sheepishly asked. "And some more of this cereal and strawberries." Sherlock had eaten nearly half of his cereal.
"We had to evacuate the building, one of the janitors smelled gas, so the fire crew was called into check it out. I got a few groceries, and I thought I'd make sloppy joes for dinner."
Mycroft exited the car and when Molly saw him, her eyes went wide. “Oh God, this is an ambush! You all planned this didn’t you? It had to be Mrs. Smallwood who told you all about me!”
"Sophie and Theo painted the walls. It was their birthday gift to me last year," Sherlock murmured, as if reading John's mind.
Sherlock placed a kiss on John's nose. "Good idea, especially the tea, that's just what you need to warm those aching bones of yours." He released himself from John's arms and got out of bed, grabbing his dressing gown. "I'll get started on it."
Mycroft couldn’t sleep. He stared out his bedroom window, looking at the angry sky. Another storm was about to begin. He began to wring his hands, and worry. Sherlock was scarily intelligent and somehow he would find out it was him that called the cops and warned them he was on his way to John Watson’s house. He had seen him sneak out on his motorcycle and immediately deduced what he was going to do. After they got home earlier, all Sherlock did was slam things around the house, trying to find Father’s cigarettes, and prattle on about John. How gorgeous he was, how he was so unlike the boys Sherlock had back home, and how desperate he was to have him, and the more he resisted the more he wanted him. Mycroft knew it was only a matter of time before Sherlock lost control, and the family would have to move again. Eurus may have been beyond hope, but Sherlock wasn’t at that stage yet.
Sherlock wasted no time accusing her of murdering Mrs. Beckwith, calling her a sham and a fraud. There was no talking to Asmodeus, or other gods or immortal beings, just a very good acting job, going after the Beckwiths for their money and to further her social media career.
"No." The voice was firm and adamant. "I didn't care what color they were. It bears no importance. I'm not racist. I'm not a hypocrite, unlike others in this town. I did it because I'm sending a very clear and important message to the good citizens of Sherrinford."
John glared at him hard and yanked his hand away. "I told you to get your hand off my leg. Your listening skills need serious improvement," he whispered hotly.
Thirty minutes later, Mrs. Hudson's "yoo-hoo!" woke up the boys. Sherlock sat up, rubbed his eyes, and got out of bed. "Damn, we slept through the delivery. Hold on Hudders I'm coming!"
"My God, it looked like Cupid ran amok in here," Sherlock remarked as he glanced around at the hall. The tables each had a balloon bouquet of red, white, and pink latex round balloons, and a huge silver mylar heart in the center. Each bouquet was tied to a weight wrapped in red foil, with red and white ribbons curled around it. A huge white banner was tacked to the bottom of the stage that read "Congratulations Sherlock and John" in purple letters, surrounded by tiny red hearts. Underneath the words was a painting of an otter and a hedgehog, cuddled close together.
He soon learned Cassidy was not the culprit, but he wished he would have been, as a figure dressed all in black, wearing a terrifying fright mask, ambushed him from behind the door that led to their side porch, crazily waving a butcher knife, and lunged towards him. Harold cried out and backed away, then grabbed a canister of flour and hurled it at his attacker, catching him right in the chest. The knife-wielding psycho yelled out in pain and the canister fell to the floor, shattering to pieces, the white powder exploding upwards and all over his black outfit.
As Hal rang up the sale, he tried to look at her casually. "Uh Wanda, I was thinking, maybe you and I could go get a bite to eat sometime. That is---well, if you're up to it."
John called the bartender over to place the order. He turned to Sherlock. "Never did tell you where I served. It was Afghanistan. I was a Captain and a doctor. Name's John Watson."
John was dressed back in his street clothes and was outside waiting for a taxi as he'd declined Mycroft's offer of a driver back to his flat, when a sleek black car pulled up in front of him. The driver side window rolled down and John saw the curly haired vampire he'd flirted with earlier smiling at him. "Taxi for John Watson?"
Molly smiled at her mother and watched the red car drive down the street. Any girl would be lucky. So would any guy, for that matter. For Molly knew John could be attracted to both females and males. All their friends knew.
Sherlock went back in the bedroom. John was sleeping soundly despite being heavily congested, and he looked at peace. Sherlock smiled and let him be, and he went back to the kitchen, pulling some items from the fridge and various cabinets. Once he had everything assembled, he took out his phone and pulled up a link to the hot apple cider recipe Molly had sent him.
The other man shook his head. And he's not one of your clients?" Victor asked as he polished a lens.
"Well, you've got your pick. You certainly have enough dresses for about fifty sock hops," Mary joked.
“Then of course I’ll be your girl. I’d be stupid to turn you down...I’ve liked you for a long time,” she admitted, blushing again.
“I’ll leave you two alone,” Mrs. Hooper said, going into the family room. Molly stood at the front of the stairs, hands clasped. “Why don’t we go into the kitchen. Mom made fresh lemonade.”
Sherlock was growing a bit impatient...and was growing down below too. He was so ready, and John was taking his sweet old time like always.
A short, blond, man wearing a white lab coat with a nametag that read John Watson, PharmD, was behind the counter, holding a pill bottle and speaking to a customer. If anyone could help him, it would be this gentleman, who Sherlock silently thought was quite handsome. His hair was cut military style, and his stance screamed military too. He couldn't help but listen to him talk to the customer, and the pharmacist's friendly but firm tone all but solidified that he was former military, perhaps an Army Captain.
There was a large crowd inside Sherrinford Community Church for the town hall meeting. As the mayor spoke about what he was doing on his end to protect the citizens, Gloria Wilkes sat in the very back pew by the doors, head down, hands folded in her lap like she was at a Sunday service. She had gotten some dirty looks from a few people, but most cast appreciative glances her way that she was here.
John pursed his lips and thought about it. He still wasn't so sure that Sherlock would react positively, but he could treat it as his own experiment. If it failed, he could just destroy the pictures, and he wouldn't have wasted any money, and he could move on.
Once everyone was seated, Mike went to the podium at the front. A chair that looked like it came straight from a doctor's office was seated off to the right. Mike removed the microphone attached to the podium and turned it on. "Good evening everyone," he greeted. "Welcome to our meet and greet with acclaimed horror author John Watson!"
At that last comment, Victor tensed up. He was also gay, but was in the closet. His parents had made some unkind remarks about homosexuals in the past and he was afraid to come out to them. But maybe having another gay teenage boy in town made him feel a little better.
"Cassidy, you silly ball of fur, what have you destroyed now?" Harold wondered out loud as he got up and started for the kitchen.
"You know I will." Henry shuddered at Sebastian's soft mouth on his skin. Despite his reputation for being a tough troublemaker, Sebastian was a very attentive and affectionate lover, and he would always feel grateful for him and his parents taking him in after his own parents died, and his aunt and uncle refused to have him come live with them due to his homosexuality. Luckily, Sebastian's mother and father didn't care about sexual preference. They were happy that Sebastian had someone to love, which kept him calm and satisfied, for the most part. His temper did flare up now and again, and Henry had given him a piece of his mind the day he came home bleeding after being cut up by Eurus Holmes.
In early summer, Sherlock and John hosted Rosie's wedding to Jasmine at their Sussex farm, and they postponed their earlier plans for France so they could  honeymoon in Paris.
John hummed the tune softly into Evie’s blonde curls, and it wasn’t long before she was asleep, her little chest rising and falling gently against John’s. He smiled, pressed a kiss into her hair, and settled her down in her crib, covering her up with her blanket. Sitting on her dresser next to the crib was a tiny stuffed hedgehog. John picked it up and hugged it. Mary’s mother had bought it as one of their shower gifts, because she told John he reminded her of the animal, so it was like Daddy would be watching over her when she slept. He fought back a tear as he thought of Mary, wondering what it would be like if she were here to help take care of her sick daughter.
John resumed his reading, holding his book while his arms were around Sherlock's back. The wind continued to blow, Sherlock fell back asleep again, and John was very happy for this lazy October afternoon.
John laughed. "That's rich coming from you since you always say humans are extremely predictable," John teased back.
"Because I'm not going to lower myself by publicly pursuing Molly at a god forsaken community center," Mycroft huffed.
Hal took another drink of tea before speaking. "I wonder when he'll strike again. Now it's not just attacking and killing people, he's burning down buildings that meant a lot to this town. What in hell is he trying to accomplish by all of this madness?"
The two women chose a 20's art deco theme for their celebration and decided to dress as flappers. Both were art students and had fallen in love with the style while studying at uni. Mycroft had offered to host their wedding and reception at the Diogenes Club. No expense was spared to turn one of the ballrooms into a 1920's dance hall, complete with a band that played both classic and modern music. Wedding guests were encouraged to dress as if they were at a fancy party in the 20's.
Sherlock removed a pack of smokes from his jacket pocket, tapping on the top. One slid out and he grabbed it with his long, graceful fingers. He pulled out his lighter from the other pocket and flicked it. "Chemistry comes easy to a brain like mine." He took a long drag, then exhaled, forming his full lips into a perfect O, white smoke curling out of his mouth.
John and Bryan visit Sherlock and things turn a little rocky, but John knows just how to handle the situation.
Eurus smiled. She quite liked this boy.  “You don’t seem that upset at my news.  I thought you’d be furious, wanting to confront her and demand who her other lover is...oh wait...you were planning to break up with her anyway.”
John was working from home doing telemedicine. His old bedroom was turned into a makeshift office where for four hours a day, he would assess patients over the phone, prescribe meds, and reassure people that called in that their sniffles and sneezes were not Covid-19, but seasonal allergies. He was usually tired after finishing his shift and Sherlock was there to make sure he had a cup of hot tea and some biscuits on the table next to his chair.
There were two plastic chairs on either side of the bed. Richard sat in one and Sebastian sat in the other. Henry parked himself on the floor against the wall by the door.
But John was not like the others back in England who automatically succumbed to the genius’ manipulative charms. He was headstrong and unwilling, hurling insults he’d heard a thousand times before from miserable school bullies. It would only be a matter of time before he’d give in though. Sherlock just had to be patient, something he was not accustomed to.
The bomb squad had found a suspicious pail in the back of the building, in a corner that was designated for smokers. It was a standard lunch pail, black, that had a white skull and crossbones sticker on it. When it was carefully opened, a stick of dynamite was inside, a clock tied to it, but they determined it was fake. After checking the inside, it was deemed safe to return. However, the law firm decided to close for the day and sent everyone home. The clinic's office manager also decided to close, but not before appointments were rescheduled and the rooms cleaned and sterilized.
Molly knew it was a low blow but she didn't care. She put her hands on her hips and continued to glare at them.
Sherlock nodded. He liked that idea. There would be less pressure for him to say and be more romantic. He was pants at romance, well, what other people would consider romance.
Another chapter posted! The last two weeks have been rough thanks to an upper respiratory infection and a bought of laryngitis paired with a cough that's taking its sweet time to go away. But it's done, so enjoy!
"Hey, a friendly voice called out to him as he got out of the car. "What are you doing outside? You heading somewhere?"
"Oh yeah." Victor leaned in, and pressed a soft kiss to John's lips. Once they parted, John sighed and smiled. "That was lovely."
John set the kitchen table and placed a candle in the middle, dishing out the food while Sherlock took a nap. He opened the chilled wine bottle so it could breathe, and he went to Mrs. Hudson's and asked her if she'd like to join he and Sherlock for dinner since there was plenty of food. She agreed and said she would be down in a few.
John spent an hour writing a post and published it. He was in the middle of refreshing his tea when his phone rang. He recognized the ringtone of his good friend Bill Murray. "Hey Bill," John greeted.
Ciaran means little dark one. It definitely fits Moriarty, and Andrew Scott. I have no idea what his canon middle name is or if he was given one. I've also heard it pronounced "ky-ran" too but the Irish name website I visited uses "key-wran." I'm sure someone will tell me the correct one in the comments. ;)
She shook her head. "There's going to be nothing between us and you're going to have to get used to that. I'm with Greg Lestrade and he's the boy I've always wanted to be with. You'll have to find someone else."
It was five minutes after twelve, and John was exiting the gym with Greg and Victor. The school day had come to an end and the three were talking about the assembly and football meeting.
"Yes, I've come to that conclusion." Eurus shot her brother a smug grin. "I actually did manage to make a few acquaintances at school who tolerate my presence. They told me about Sally Donovan and Phillip Anderson's interracial relationship, and that the late Carl Powers was a bully crippled by his massive ego. So whatever the killer's suffered, it seems Sherrinford is not quite so forgiving when it comes to him.
"Look Sherlock, it's up to you if you want to pursue something with John. But we think if you don't, you're gonna end up regretting it. When you introduced him to us earlier the chemistry between you was undeniable," Greg said.
So he threw caution to the wind and decided to wake him up. "Sherlock," he whispered fiercely. "Sherlock wake up!"
“I will. You’re going to need fuel for all that roller skating you’ll be doing tonight.” She gave him a peck on the cheek. See you later Greg, Victor.” She shut the door. John flopped down on the bed next to Victor. “Greg, it’s too bad you can’t come skating with me and the gang. I know you’d have a lot more fun with us than going with Irene to a stuffy country club dance.”
“I was in the neighborhood and then I saw you. You’re a bloody gorgeous sight you know.” He gazed at John, growing enchanted with his bronzed skin and taut muscles, and he could feel himself hardening inside his already too-tight jeans.
The two boys got up and followed Richard and the doctor out the door. Doctor Jones led them down the hall to the ER wing, which was bustling with medical staff going in every direction. "Luckily it hasn't been too busy tonight," he said conversationally.
Once the two broke apart, the three got into Greg's car. John waved them off. "Bye! See you next week!"
John mentally read the nameplate that sat in the middle of the desk: Sarah Sawyer, Administrative Assistant. "Hello, my name is John Watson. I have a one-thirty appointment with Victor Trevor."
"Makes getting up in the morning and going to bed at night much less stressful. Now if I could just sort out Donovan...." Greg answered with a chuckle.
"I know who are you are. And if you know what's good for you, you'll find that son of yours and go back to where you came from."
Hands upon hands rose in the air. John pointed to a twenty-something brown-haired man wearing a Sex Pistols shirt. "Young man, I'll start with you. What's your name?"
"Just be there for her Henry, and be there for Sebastian. You're a strong kid. You've been through a lot of things most teenagers wouldn't even think about," Dave replied sincerely.
Sue nodded sympathetically."Does it have to do with all that trouble with your brother and that other boy you were telling me about?"
Dave turned his car around and began to drive back to the station, eager to hear what Sebastian had to say.
John continued to peruse the rest of the wedding list--- flowers, rings, music---when he heard the door to their flat open. He smiled, knowing Sherlock was home. He left the kitchen and found his handsome fiance hanging up his Belstaff. "Hey you," John affectionately greeted him.
Deep blue eyes widened in surprise, and then elation as he saw three very familiar people on the porch. "Molly! Greg! Victor! What are you doing here? Come in!" He moved so his friends could come inside.
The photo session in front of the London Eye went a lot smoother and more professional with the traditional poses. By the time Sherlock and John were done, more couples had descended on the attraction to take their wedding photos. Love and romance were definitely in the air.
"I have to admit it's very interesting, having a military veteran join the line of work Irene and Molly do. I've never heard of a male dominator before. You're unique."
John entered the multi-purpose room, looking at the clock on the wall. It was two-fifteen. Several students were already sitting at tables. Molly Hooper was at one by a window. She waved him over. John smiled at seeing her, Mike, Mary, and Sarah. "Hey guys."
The now infamous slumber party had resulted in the surprise coupling of Little Seb and Mary Morstan. Mary had taken pity on him when he revealed he didn't want to actually come, but his dad thought it would be good training for the Army to do a sneak attack. That, combined with his easy acceptance of wearing ladies' pajamas and slathering green goop on his face so he could score free food, endeared him to Mary. The two went to Speedy's the next day for ice cream, and they were going to the sock hop together.
As the day's events replayed in her head, that niggling feeling came back to her again. It was if her brain was trying to tell her something, but what? She sighed in frustration and closed her eyes, trying to focus.
"But for now Bee, the three of us are going to stay in bed and snuggle to our hearts' content," Sherlock added.
Sherlock noticed the change in John. He didn't mean to be so brusque but he sensed the other boy was attracted to him and he had to put a stop to it. "Charge." He took out a credit card.
"We cannot disclose their whereabouts due to safety reasons, but they are in a safe and secure location," James replied.
John awoke to the smell of bacon frying. His nose twitched and he sat up in bed with a smile. Mom was making breakfast. He got out of bed and opened up his door, heading through the living room and into the small kitchen where Wanda Watson was standing at the stove with a fork in her hand. "Good morning Johnny. I don't have to go in until nine today, so I thought I'd make us something hot."
By the end of January, Sherlock and his doctor were dating. By the end of February, John had moved into Sherlock's flat (after Mycroft's background check came back squeaky clean). Now it's July, and the two are more in love than ever and ready to go on a holiday that John planned for the two of them. Even though Sherlock pretends to fuss, he secretly loves that he and John will get some much needed together time, away from London, away from the murderers, robbers, and assorted thugs dirtying up the street.
John went on to talk about being a former Army captain who'd turned to writing after being invalidated out of the 5th Infantry Brigade during the Falklands War conflict in 1982. The audience was hanging on his every word. Sherlock looked at this twin siblings. They were leaning forward, eyes wide, clutching their novels tightly. Sherlock had to admit John was a great storyteller. It was like he was right there on the front lines.
Christmas music was playing from the small radio on top of the fridge. "Do they know it's Christmastime at all..." John quietly sang as he finished the surprise and smiled, taking a look at his handiwork. He was proud of the result and that he finished it before Sherlock was due home from the morgue in a few hours. Little Rosie was at Harry and Clara's for the weekend, spending some quality time with her aunties.
"You were attacked by the Sherrinford Slayer. You fought him, and you discovered who he was. Then you ran out of the house, and got hit by a car," Jeremy finished, trying to jolt his memory.
The two got in Sherlock's car and headed towards town. Soft classical music played on the radio; John closed his eyes and leaned back in the seat with the sunshine on his face and the salty scent of the sea sending him into a relaxed state. Sherlock gazed over at him and chuckled softly. "Already feeling comfortable?"
“Man, that’s fab John! That gives me an excuse to come see you and hang at the beach.” Mike took a sip of his Coke and leaned into John. “Irene and her friend Kate were here last night while you were off, and Irene was going ape over a new family that moved in next door to her a few days ago. They’re British and very rich. A husband, wife, and three teenagers our age. Two boys and a girl. Irene went on and on about one of the boys. From how she described him, he seems like a real flutter bum. Dark hair, black as night, tall and lean, cheekbones you could cut diamonds on, with these unique eyes. She said the first time saw them they were blue, but the next day, they look green. Kind of how yours are dark blue, but then they look brown later. And his voice is real deep. Irene described it as pure sex. Maybe she can hook you up with him, huh? Irene said Kate was all over him like bee on honey and he rudely told her girls were not his area.” Mike nudged his friend and winked at him.
I think all of us are ready to say goodbye to 2020. While it wasn't that awful for me personally as I was still able to work (being a school employee was tough this year but I'm making due), the political turmoil in the USA coupled with trying to stay virus free among anti-maskers was stressful. I think the first half of 2021 will be difficult but I think eventually there will be a light at the end of the tunnel. So Happy New Year and enjoy this dialogue free story.
He was lying at the bottom of a swimming pool. The water was cold and heavy and pressing him down into the concrete. He was struggling to move but his limbs felt like they weighed thousands of pounds. Why was he here?
John stood up, affectionately ruffled Evie's golden curls, and turned off the radio. He started to clean up the breakfast dishes so he wouldn't have to wash them when he got back home.
Sherlock was now awake, sitting at the kitchen table, sipping a glass of water. He and his family had watched the police press conference on TV, and his parents had expressed shock at learning Richard Wilkes was the killer. Sidney and Veronica had crossed paths with him and his wife Gloria, and he was always pleasant and good-natured. It was difficult to digest he was a homicidal maniac.
John was leaning against the kitchen counter, talking to his mother on the phone. "Hey Mom, I'd thought I'd call to let you know I'm okay. Harry, Clarence and I just got back from dinner. I'm going to get a shower, and read for a bit before going to bed. Then tomorrow, Harry and I are heading to the beach to surf. How are you?"
"The First Time Ever I Saw Your Face" is a 1957 folk song written by British political singer/songwriter Ewan MacColl for Peggy Seeger, who later became his wife. At the time, the couple were lovers, although MacColl was still married to his second wife, Jean Newlove. Seeger sang the song when the duo performed in folk clubs around Britain. During the 1960s, it was recorded by various folk singers and became a major international hit for Roberta Flack in 1972, winning Grammy Awards for Record of the Year and Song of the Year. Billboard ranked it as the number one Hot 100 single of the year. Thanks Wikipedia!
The doorbell rang, jostling Janine from her thoughts. "I'll get it!" she called out, running through the foyer to the front. She opened the pristine white double doors and saw Irene Adler standing there, red hair shiny and hanging loose. She wore a pale blue off-the-shoulder top and pink shorts. "Hey," she said cheerfully.
"Seb," Henry nearly whispered, and his knees buckled out from under him. Officer Sholto caught him. "Come on, let's get you in a chair."
John continued. "As I'm sure you figured, the body has only been here several hours. Do we have an ID yet?"
Sherlock snorted. "Did she tell you she made sexual advances to me even though she's sleeping with Billy Wiggins?"
Officer Morstan had requested police protection outside his hospital door which the administrators agreed to. The killer's latest failure would be in the papers and on the radio, and he didn't want the maniac to try to get to Harold inside the hospital. Officer James Sholto and Officer Chris Chibnall had agreed to take turns guarding him.
After the two had parted ways, Sherlock and Brett rode back to Baker Street in a taxi. Brett was asleep against his dad's shoulder, the day at the carnival had worn him out. Sherlock smiled and gently ruffled the boy's dark curls. It had been a fun time. There weren't many rides but everyone had a fun time walking around, playing games, and eating lunch together. John had won two shooting games (naturally, since he was an expert marksman due to his military training) and gotten a huge pink unicorn for Rosie, and a huge red dragon for Brett. The little boy was currently cuddling said dragon.
"Yeah, good thing we're not paying for it. I'd have to save up a whole month to eat there," John said.
"I think we need to stop talking about these awful murders and order some ice cream," Richard suggested. "It's not healthy for us to dwell on this."
Sherlock smiled like a Cheshire cat. Your haircut, your stance, and the way you spoke to that man about his prescription. I couldn't help overhear your tone."
"Everything is excellent, but I'm partial to the stuffed flounder with crab Imperial," Molly replied, before taking a sip of her wine.
Sherlock chuckled and took John in his arms, kissing him soundly. Once he was done he sighed and looked up at the sky. "It's going to be a pretty decent storm."
She sat back and frowned. “While you were in the shower, I got a call from Addie Dimmock. She said she witnessed you being manhandled by a boy in the street and a few minutes later, this boy took off like a bat out of a hell on a motorcycle.”
John was dressed in a burgundy button-down long-sleeved shirt, tucked into a neatly pressed pair of khaki trousers. His hair was the same as in his book photo, but his beard now had more of a reddish tone to it. Sherlock could see muscle underneath the shirt, which fit his compact torso in all the right places. John's face was positively radiant, and he had a big cheerful grin on his face. Sherlock was enraptured with the creases under his eyes, it gave him character. The detective could feel a comfortable warmth building up in his chest.
Jim and Eurus lay tangled together in Jim's bedsheets, the smell of sex and Eurus' sweet scented perfume lingering in the air. Eurus was asleep, but Jim was awake, pondering all of what his girlfriend told him.
Slowly, John released his palm and lay down the bullhorn on the bed. He could see Owen breathe a sigh of relief and begin to relax, a grin forming on his mouth between the silky fabric that lay there.
Finally the maid stopped in front of another set of double doors, these ones were dark oak. She rapped on the door.
When John asked if they were going to Brighton, Sherlock smirked, said "nope, a place much better---Greece, specifically the island of Santorini." So nearly three weeks later, they were at the luxurious Winery Hotel 1870 on the Greek island of Santorini, soaking up the sun and enjoying the sights, sounds, smells, and tastes of Greece. The two were having a great time, and John was extremely glad to leave the chilly, damp October weather of London behind for the next two weeks.
"Goodnight Sherlock. Will you think about what Greg and I said back there? I think you have a real shot of happiness with John. Don't let those old insecurities ruin it. You deserve to have someone who loves and appreciates you. And you can tell your pompous git of a brother I said so. Don't forget, I have pictures of him when he was going through his goth phase. I can pull those out at anytime if need be."
"Okay, hold on. He looked at his mom. "It's Harry, and she wants to talk to you." He held the phone out towards her and she took it. "Hi sweetheart. How are you and Clarence?"
"I hope things will be better from now on. I can't keep John from missing school to avoid Sherlock and they're bound to have classes together---I just hope your son will respect my son's boundaries," Wanda said firmly.
"Yes." Wanda frowned. "Hal, what's wrong?" John sharply turned his head at hearing his mother's voice change, and he stood up and walked towards her.
Just then, John and Victor left the restaurant, Greg and Sherlock watched them go, and Greg recognized John.
Sherlock huffed and looked away, his lips in a full pout. "I should have never introduced you to Piecroft."
"Ten minutes gorgeous, that's all I'm asking. Let me ride your cock and I'll print out John's profile. I'll do all the work, you just sit there and let me have my fun. I'll even let you enter through the backdoor." She winked at him and licked her lips.
John got off the bus, carrying two duffel bags, scanning the busy depot for his sister and brother-and-law. Then he saw a short, petite blond wearing white pedal pushers and a red sleeveless blouse run towards him and he beamed. "John!" Harry happily cried, nearly knocking him down as she grabbed and hugged him.
"Seventeen to my flat and back down," Sherlock said. I noticed he was gazing at Doctor Watson with a weird look on his face.
Today's disappearance was different. Sherlock wasn't in London and as far as Mycroft knew, the only drug he was on now was nicotine. So where would he go? He had familiarized himself with Sherrinford while riding around town but deemed a lot of places boring like he always did. For once, Mycroft's brain was in a fog.
I know the ending is total plot convenience playhouse, and something only a soap opera writer would love (just wait until the next chapter), but I'm not ready to reveal the killer's identity just yet! So the frustration will continue...
It was if time stood still once he heard the voice on the other end. He couldn't even hear his sister carrying on. Nothing else mattered, only that sweet voice saying his name.
Unfortunately at this time I'm no longer continuing this story. I have a general idea of how I want everything to wrap up, but just can't pull it together right now. For everyone that read, made kudos, and commented, thank you.
He walked through the small backyard which led to the street where his motorcycle was parked, hopped on, put on his helmet, and rode away towards his home. Now that he had Harry and Clarence Winstead's address in Los Angeles, he could carry out the next phase of his plan.
Dave and Officer Sholto looked at him sympathetically. "Did you ever leave your bedroom after that?"
"I did see that. Sebastian's told us in previous meetings Zach Quinn was short, but muscular and blond. It sounds like a psychological thing---everytime he sees a guy that resembles Quinn, he believes that person is him, even though Quinn committed suicide shortly after attacking Sebastian," Luke explained.
The house Sherlock and John retire to is real, currently for sale, and looks like an amazing place to live. I live very close to the water and there's something relaxing about it that I really can't describe.
"Yes," Sherlock replied without hesitation, taking John's hands in his and leading him to the dance floor.
What can I say, I'm a sucker for fics where John is the doctor that treats Sherlock at the A&E (emergency room for fellow Yanks) and they fall in love.
Sebastian had calmed himself down and said that he didn't feel scared or agitated around John anymore and if the other guys liked him, he was okay. Jim was still on edge. He'd have to check out this John Watson for himself. But for now, if Sebastian was comfortable, then Jim would let John live.
After Sherlock's manic speech, Ms. Divine became irate, wanting to know who we were and threatening to sue us for defamation. I calmly told her there was a witness who saw her follow Ms. Beckwith up the stairs before the lights went out, and saw her at the bottom of the stairs went the lights came on, and asked her to explain how she was able to come back down the stairs in the darkness. I joked that maybe she used night vision goggles, and her face turned pale.
John finished his history assignment quickly, and decided to spend the half hour he had left outside. He found a spot under a tree near the football field, and retrieved a pad and pencil from his bag. He'd been asked by some members of the Homecoming committee to come up with a poster for the dance. He was a decent artist, and it didn't take long for him to start sketching a picture of one handing holding another. He wrote in neat, script lettering, "Stand By Me," above the hands, and "Culverton Smith High School Homecoming 1961" at the bottom.
The attacker would alternate their evenings. It would be Friday, then a Saturday, and they'd started out with the clubs in the seedier sections of town, before making their way to the more upscale neighborhoods.
"You could have worn your tried and true oatmeal jumper and jeans, my parents adore you," Sherlock said.
He started feeling heat spreading all over his body, but it wasn't from the rash. This was pure attraction, and that was the kind of heat he could definitely deal with.
"John Watson is going to be there isn't he? I thought he made it clear he didn't want to see you until the beginning of school on Tuesday," Mycroft haughtily replied.
John awoke with a feeling of dread in the pit of his stomach. He couldn't explain it, but for some reason, he felt a presence in the house that wasn't his mom or Hal.
“I have a boyfriend now. And once he finds out what you’ve done, you’re done for. So don’t touch me,” Molly calmly threatened him.
Irene snorted. "Because you're a hermit and you need to get out once in a while, see how the common folks play. Seriously Sherry, it's not healthy to be cooped up in that tiny drafty flat of yours. You need to live a little."
His insufferable older brother had gone on and on and on about a girl he met while walking in the neighborhood yesterday. The girl, Molly Hooper, sounded boring as watching paint dry, but because she played piano and didn’t look or act like a “harlot” (Mycroft’s word) he suddenly eschewed his motto of “caring is not an advantage” and advanced on her like a bee on honey. Naturally, she got scared off. Mycroft was not the most charming when it came to approaching girls in the rare times he actually talked to one.
"I get off at four-thirty. And yes to dinner. Just give me an hour to get home and freshen up." John sweetly smiled at him.
"He's in recovery right now, being weaned off the anesthesia. You'll be able to see him in about half an hour," Doctor Wakefield replied.
John ran it through and handed Sherlock the receipt to sign. He placed the box in a bag and gave it to Sherlock. "Here you go. Thank you and have a happy Christmas."
Tonight however, was an exception. The bartender on duty was a sour-faced young girl barely in her thirties who was upset that she was called into work on her night off, thanks to her co-worker calling out. There was no reason for her to be mad Sherlock thought, as her plans were with her boyfriend, and she was going to break up with him tonight. She could dump him tomorrow.
"Come on, let's go in and grab some seats," Harry said, taking Clara's hand. John rolled his eyes and followed.
John wasn't going to give up without a fight. Years of chasing and wrestling with criminals gave him a leg up on defending himself, so he set his food down and immediately started on the two young men, with fists flying. He got in some good punches before one of the men, aggravated that someone old enough to be his dad was kicking his butt, kicked him hard in the shin, which startled John and put him on the ground. The two attackers started kicking him, but John gave it right back, also kicking his attackers. After a few minutes which seemed like hours, John was able to get up, even though his chest was sore, and roughly grab one of the men, yanking his right shoulder around to his back. John heard a pop and the man screamed. "You arsehole! You broke my arm!"
"He was very attentive to me all week," Sebastian explained happily. "I asked him point blank if he we wanted to be exclusive. I told him how much I wanted him and I could take good care of him."
“Oh, so you following me around in ridiculous getups is your idea of surveillance?” John asked, half amused, half irritated.
Harold took Lucy's other hand, as if to steady himself for the conversation about to come. "It was the Slayer, wasn't it."
After a goodnight kiss on the cheek, Wanda had turned out the bedroom light. John closed his eyes, and he was soon fast asleep as the soft melody of "Smoke Gets In Your Eyes" by The Platters drifted out from the radio to the confines of his cozy room.
The estate even had its own cleaning crew, that came in once a week to make sure the home was spotless. John thought he'd died and gone to heaven, and Sherlock was happy to have a place that was far away from Mycroft's meddling, with enough rooms for his choosing for solitary time if he needed it, although he preferred to be with John.
"The police will be here to question you once they know you're awake. They'll want you to name the killer," Jeremy gently told him.
The invitation was all Sherlock needed, and he pushed his soda bottle and food away to lay next to John, their faces practically touching. Sherlock pressed his lips to John's, placing his hands on John's hips. Eventually John responded and wrapped his arms around Sherlock's back. Sherlock smiled and moved to the crook of John's neck, pressing quick and hot kisses to his tanned skin, mumbling "I love you" in between kisses.
