Sam’s eyes went wide and he grinned with joy. He threw his grin back at Dean, that bright, wide smile, and Castiel watched Dean’s angry, protective expression melt into fondness and resignation.
The hotel the company was holding the party at was a large modern monstrosity that loomed over the parking lot.
) because they followed people waiting to see if they’d trip and thanks to his low-luckitude, Dean always had like five or six of the little bastards just
He shrugged.
Cas was laughing so hard, his eyes were tearing up, and he wiped at his face with trembling fingers. He started to cool down, but resumed laughing hard when Dean threw himself into the seat next to him, sulking like a five-year old who had been denied a trip to Disneyland. “It’s not funny, Cas,” he said sullenly. “I even had to ask Jo for help, and let me tell you, I’m never doing that shit again.”
“So?”
manner.
“Squirrel! There you are. I have some news for you. That alpha quartet decided to book another night with us in the party room and, guess what? They indeed took a shine to your assets and specifically requested your presence.”
going to be just plain old Sammy!”
in a circle around a goat-legged dude and
Crowley noticeably grinned under the handkerchief, pushing him towards what used to be his room. “Don’t worry about it, champ! The money that came in from your excursions with Novak covered that. He was going to buy you out anyway!” He backed up a few steps and grumbled, “Honestly, I really just need you off the premises. I’m going to have to get this place de-scented and scrubbed down.”
For weeks straight now, Michael had been plying Dean with gifts and, worse, surprise visits. Last night was possibly the worst experience of all since it involved
impressed.”
“He nearly changed,” Sam supplied from the other end of the six-person table. His soup was nearly gone and the other half of his sandwich had already disappeared. “I totally thought he was going to jump my brother right there in front of the church.”
On one hand, it was comforting that Dean had other things to preoccupy him than the battle with the Baku.
Grass-green eyes narrowed skeptically. “So I can just help out and it doesn’t affect Sammy getting his altar boy badge or whatever?”
“Nikolai! Stop it! The Grimm has been trying to
Norman Reedman: AKA-
“Cas…
“Veer away from the truth.” Benny laughed.
He sat his ass down in the pretty comfortable chair and started flipping through the doctor’s notes.
But Bobby allowed the concerned push as he hadn’t realized he’d made such a spectacle of himself.
Dean Winchester didn’t believe in God, saints, angels, or anything that supposedly,
standing up along with everyone else and pressed him to his side.
That’s why when Sam asked him about Confession and forgiveness, Castiel was grateful there was something to keep his eyes away from the sight of that glorious ass.
Castiel apparently knew it too, and nervously shifted on the desk, the glow of his eyes dimmer than usual. “Dean…”
fault the asshat alpha had knocked him on his ass.
“Gabe, I — I seriously don’t know what all this mock battling with you is going to improve,” he gasped out as he staggered to his feet. Gabe was a fast little bastard and he often popped out a tail to snag Dean’s leg out from under him. Too often, it ended with Dean on his back, leaving angels in the dirt.
“Obviously something,” Dean muttered, popping another tomato in his mouth. “You rejected me.”
He remembered that mug. Sam had given Bobby that mug.
He was a grown man, not a child. He could pick his own shoes, thank you very much!
“That’s… fine,” The guy said slowly, “I’ll be here.” He turned those gorgeous deep blues on Dean, and Dean fought hard not to get aroused at how clear and pure they were. No one
“Are you enjoying yourself, Dean?” He asked, a confident smile on his face, arrogance oozing off of him.
He ignored the glare from the bird and even the low hmph from Bobby where he was frying bacon, and thought for a moment. “Actually, I need some info. I don’t even know what affects these creatures. Salt? Iron? What?”
“Alright, dude.” He recovered himself. He’d dealt with vampires, ghosts, and werewolves. What was a bead with attitude in comparison?
Dean rubbed Sam’s head one more time (he tried to dodge but to no avail), tangling the scruffy head of hair, and got off of him, stretching out a hand to help his little brother up. “But seriously, Sam, are you okay with that?”
Cas broke the fight up and added his two cents.
“It’s a Wonderful Life” came out in 1946, folks. It’s okay!
Sam had gone off to school like a good kid, and Dean had been left to sleep off his night in peace.
Also - if you commented and I failed to respond, I'm an assbutt. I see it and I try to remember to respond, but then I forget because RL bites my ass. Thank you for your comments; they mean the world to me and keep me going in my darkest hour of paper writing.
Cas snorted. “
you?”
Dean grinned and pushed him off, ignoring the adorable pout. “That’s right. Pie is the most important thing. I know you know that.”
, he thought wryly.
Regardless of his emotional state — and the fact it was the first time since the whole mess started that he was allowed out without a team of babysitters — Dean went out hunting by himself that night. It’s not like he had much of a choice, what with people dying out there and Cas still down for the count.
“Like the Ark of the Covenant,” Dean murmured in awe out of nowhere.
She ran.
Joshua nodded. “It really does.”
Benny also woged and sighed. “It is not entirely their fault.”
Sam, over the last few days, had also been given a crash course on Buddhism and Buddhist chants, so his mighty and gigantic skull was stuffed full of those things. He had also been given a short sword by Akira with a bright red tassel hanging off the pommel, and a pocketful of paper ofuda to help distract the yōkai. The ofuda paper spells were for containment, but mostly for low to medium level yōkai. Who knew what they were going to run into? Dean had noticed the bulge in Sam’s coat too, although he hadn’t mentioned it, but he could tell Sam was also carrying a sawed-off shotgun with rounds of rock salt. It was a good idea. It may not stop yōkai, but it bothered the hell out of them.
She said, “This version has no meat. It is original recipe from my mother.”
Dean tried to hide his chagrin, but Cas caught it and amusement poured into him.
Now, Gabriel was stuffing his face with the sushi, just shoving them into his human maw until his cheeks were fat and round. He chewed contemplatively and waved at Dean to step closer with a sushi-filled hand. When Dean complied, Gabriel slowly walked around him, still eating, and, when he was done, he grinned and exclaimed (spitting rice all over the place to everyone’s disgust), “Bro! Does he have a brother? He’s hot!”
In a rush, Dean asked, “Can you help him?”
Nodding, Cas said, “He mentioned those two things are Russian staples and that they are very proud of their heritage.”
She pointed to the spots of origin for each of the yōkai. “There are probably hidden sigils that look like these in these areas. We should send people to investigate.”
“Not that much,” Dean argued, rolling his eyes. “You’re–what?–twenty-four?”
Thankfully, Dean and Bobby were both handy sorts, and Bobby already had an idea of what needed to be done. To Dean, it looked sort of like a taller, but skinnier bird house with mini-doors on it and a sloping, over-sized roof. Bobby had smacked him upside the head for joking about it, and Dean ended up sulking as he finished off the main altar, while Bobby added some decorative red-orange paint to the house.
Cas trembled beneath him as Dean moved down his body, licking into the notch in his collarbone, nibbling over his chest, and flicking his tongue over the dark nipples. The last move caused Cas to arch up, his breath shuddering out of him.
“Just like I thought,” the alpha had said, wiping off his thumb with the edge of Dean’s mouth. “Perfect little cocksucking lips.”
of the priest?” Dean asked suddenly. “You
, and coughed into his fist.
Startled, Dean turned his gaze to the old man. “Does that mean ‘Misha’ has special meaning?”
Dean had grabbed a hamburger for lunch, an eye-popping, gut-busting double cheeseburger with onion rings, because he was starving and all he could think about was the fattiest foods on earth.
Many stories.
It didn’t matter that it was the first thing he’d been able to scent in months. It was gigantic, practically a palace, and should not, in any way,
He tried to ignore that intrusive thought, trying to think about God and Jesus, but then Dean hung up his phone and chuckled filthily, muttering, “You assholes…hopped up on Heat…thinking you can just fuck any omega that crosses your path?
Castiel hated the cold. Dean thought it was adorable.
Cas ignored him and rolled his own shoulders, beckoning his wings free. They sprang forth and the pixies immediately noticed the power surge nearby, sending a few pixies to investigate.
“Ah, that explains the different last name,” Dean murmurs. He doesn’t want to know more, because what he doesn’t know won’t get anyone killed. “And you?”
Taking his courage in hand, Dean says, “Say, can I, maybe, invite you for coffee? Or, I dunno? Breakfast?”
Cas suddenly said, “I believe I have some pertinent information.”
“Fine, I agree,” Castiel said slowly, leaning forward on the branch to look down at Dean. “But you will stop calling me by those ridiculous names. My name on this current plane is Castiel.”
. I have no idea what to do.”
“Yeah, I memorized it somehow: Crisp air of the 12th moon, burns the fingers and toes, withering desires to leave you behind in the fragrant petals of our bed. White sheets wrap you, leaving only your dark hair to peek out over the pillow like pistils from a lily, and I pause to admire your quiet beauty in the gray light of Winter’s dawn.”
The tiny fox yawned and stretched, shaking himself out. “She won’t,” Gabe said, sitting up and staring at them all. “She’ll need Dean’s life force to bring Nurarihyon and the Night Parade.”
He still ended up humming AC/DC while he waited, a small smile on his face.
“Mat does more work than our mother, now that she has no children at home and her husband is dead. All she does all day is knit!”
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean chuckled humorlessly. “I thought we got tossed into Sheol, but it’s actually fucking Wonderland. Just follow the White Rabbit or some shit.” He dropped his bag and crouched, rubbing the back of his neck with his hands. “So fucking tired of this bullshit already and we haven’t even managed more than a mile. Fuck!”
She pulled her hair back and glared with solid, soulless black orbs at Dean as she hissed through her red slit of a mouth, “This is the way of things, human. Men prey on women, stealing their bodies, their lives, their souls, and no one stops them. It is my right to feast on the flesh of men!”
person did not look like they had just stepped out of the woods after killing prey and rending it into so much meat. The entire look was somehow more barbaric by the white collar speckled by his own blood, desecrated by his own desires.
“I don’t work upstairs,” Dean replied. He pointed at his clothing, which, at best, could be called casual wear. “I don’t have the clothes for it.”
“Ya sure about that, brother?”
Twenty minutes later, after Dean had messaged Sam the stunning photos from the penthouse’s view of the Arch, he had finally just helped himself to a sandwich. He was standing in front of the open door getting some more orange juice from the fridge, when the front door burst open with someone speaking nearly too quickly to be human and with way too much enthusiasm.
It was a relief after two weeks of quiet and contemplation to hear Joshua’s voice again. Lying on his bed, doors locked, and hopefully with no listening devices planted in his room (the twins had done that before, trying to get dirt on him), he had finally reached out to Joshua and his wisdom.
He saw Cas approach and smiled, intercepting his direct route to the coffee maker. “Nuh uh,” he said, grinning at the dark look Cas leveled at him from under black lashes. “I said I have a
While Sam looked completely confused and Dean swore at Gabriel and Ichiren-Bozu, Castiel was plotting their deaths. Painful deaths. Humiliatingly painful deaths. Possibly to do with zombies.
“Gets better. Seems the heart and liver were also missing."
Dean flipped around and found Cas sitting casually with another white-blanket/tarp thing wrapped around his hips and thighs like some sort of Indian god. His chest was more muscular than Dean thought any priest-to-be’s should be and his eyes were threaded with Alpha red. Otherwise, he appeared and smelled oblivious to Dean’s heat scent, which was rather impressive, in Dean’s experience.
He awkwardly smiled and waved at the crowd, spying more than one pair of envious eyes trained on him.
Castiel stared icily at him, and Gabriel raised his hands defensively. “I was going to warn you, but Lucifer suggested you just deal with it because it’s possible this will be the rest of your life.”
~*~*~*~
He nursed his beer and watched the other patrons, alert when one young guy said he was heading home alone, despite his friends’ protests.
He quickly turned, grinning like he had just beaten a vampire single handedly, only to find luminescent eyes on him. Well, specifically on his body. He could feel the bird’s gaze as it slowly looked him up and down, and he coughed awkwardly to get its attention.
The humidity of the greenhouse dewed their skin and Cas licked away the tiny puddles that appeared in the hollows of his collarbone, the dips in his flesh. Everything smelled like
“Did you buy all this salted caramel for a reason or..?” Joshua lifted the large box off the office desk and raised an eyebrow.
“Ignore her.” Benny said from his position, still a good 10-feet back.
“That’s disgusting.” He grimaced. “What are those black things hanging off them? They look like eggplants!”
He was also forced to meditate and focus on his damn chakras.
He turned those glowing eyes on Dean, and there was a predatory gleam, a purpose, there, for once. “Those souls cannot be redeemed, but… we need to stop her before she completes the spell and all the souls are consumed.”
Dean grumbled and, under the pressure of Bobby’s gaze, said, “Fine!”
he felt for omegas or even betas. It made him think that God had brought him into the world different, with a cracked chassis (as his mother said) that wouldn’t allow him to feel the painful surge of hormones that other alphas felt when confronted with omegas in heat. In truth, omegas’ heats, the wild tornadoes of pheromones and slick, made him feel vaguely ill, and, on the whole, he considered himself fortunate that he was not a slave to his base alpha desires.
” The sheer shock in his voice would have made him want to kick himself any other time, but the bead’s low-muttered, “Hello? Magic bird?” Did
! Never even bothered to talk to me, just…
Abram motioned at the restaurant full of people and said, “Why do you think we’re here and not at sea?”
“Guess the party’s upstairs,” Dean muttered. Sam and Akira agreed, and they briefly split up to look for the way to the roof, Gabe nonchalantly following Dean.
“More Sheol, huh?”
Dean’s mouth stuttered around the adjective.
He blinked and try to think about what he might have done and couldn’t think of anything. Then Gabe picked up Cas, who did actually sag against him, and said, “C’mon, Cassie. Let’s get you home. I’ll take you to mine for a bit.”
and oust Michael forever.
) and led into a bedroom with a large four-poster bed and an ornate chest of drawers, along with a wardrobe and a long full-body mirror. At least the colors were interesting, deep maroons that shimmered with light from the fabrics that matched well the deep cherry stain of the furniture. The bedspread also had sequins and velvet sewn into it, giving it a lovely bohemian look.
For another, she was a young woman in her mid-twenties, who was purely gorgeous and an interesting mix of Japanese and American cultures. She had the brash American personality; she laughed loudly and with her head thrown back, and she swore with the best of them. She had shoulder-length hair that glowed like polished onyx, and her eyes were a rich caramel that were nearly as mischievous as Gabe’s amber-hued ones. She was short at five-foot-five, and made of all angles and tight New York City energy that she could settle in a breath, surprising everyone.
He walked over to them, noting everyone was just ignoring the bead watching anime off Hulu on the small laptop, and asked, “So what’s the plan?”
. It is a pleasure doing business with you.”
Cas grunted and moved, slowly at first, and then harder as he found his rhythm. It was exactly what Dean wanted, like Cas’s cock was made for his body the way it hit his sensitive spots and made him lose himself in being fucked.
), watch them kill your children, your kin, your lovers (
“Fine! I’m the bad guy!” He pointed at Castiel and snapped, “But you! You stay the hell away from me.”
Dean was not satisfied; Dean was pissed.
“Uh—nothing’s wrong. Really.”
So, Sam ate his spaghetti and thought on it. His pamphlets from school talking about “The Pull to Mate: How to Know They’re the One” were more about celibacy and abstinence, so if you find The One you’d be pure for them. Sam didn’t understand why that was an issue, but whatever. The point was, the pamphlet mentioned
Dean was surprised to see the man even moving, since Slick smoked in a hookah made alphas sleepy and relaxed, like after a good fuck. The alcohol should have made the drowsiness worse, but no, apparently not Michael. Here he was, back to harass Dean.
“We do as Robert Singer suggests. We perform the ritual and he gets information.”
wanted to cry.
“Regardless,” Akira continued, ignoring Gabe, “Time is of the essence. She’s using that luck to force start the summoning. Because of that, I will need teams of two to go out and find the smaller sigils associated with this giant one.” She pointed to some of the slightly bigger squiggles on the sigil, most of them at the points of the pentacle. “If she calls it up, we’re in deep shit because I don’t know if Dean will survive to see Nurarihyon or the Night Parade to stop it.”
As Dean suspected, Cas was a slave driver.
Even with all the third-level omegas that he kept, Crowley had still tried to convince another of the second-levels to move upstairs. None of them would do it: they all had too much personality to bend to just anyone’s will.
“Tell me about it.” Dean sat back and knocked his head lightly against the hall’s wall. “How did this all get so complicated?”
Appalled, Gabriel retorted, “VHS/DVD player he says, like that’s cutting edge technology.”
Dean slowly came down the stairs, very carefully holding the handrail. Three or four times of trying to stubbornly do without had resulted in sprained limbs and a nearly broken neck, and even Dean had to concede, without Gabe’s help, he was a living, breathing Jerry Lewis character.
Castiel just wanted to ram his head into the door frame to stop the yammering in his blood.
And he had thought being dolled up and dragged around like a talking Ken doll had been the highest point of “bad” he had been forced to endure.
Dean pushed down his desire to blush, cleared his throat, and rubbed the back of his neck nervously. “Um, well, say that
"Dean,” he breathed, “You smell like the original sin, the scent of the tart forbidden fruit that would explode on Adam's tongue and drive him insane. Your scent brings to mind the road to hell, paved with good intentions and the skulls of lost priests. You smell like everything I want to surrender myself to, all of myself! And now, having had a taste, taking the fatal bite and resting in God's wrath seems worth it for more."
. I was a bit shocked, because the Japanese internment during WWII is not usually spoken about. Well, maybe people who watch Teen Wolf have an idea. Basically, anyone of Japanese ancestry was locked up and all their goods and property confiscated after the attack on Pearl Harbor. Anyway, George Takei was at the forefront of that fight, and it got national attention, which is awesome. But it was seriously eerie because I was JUST writing about it...
The bird’s feathers brushed his ear as he twitched nervously. “I prayed to purify their minds and energies so they could sleep in peace. But you must understand something first. The Baku is not an inherently evil creature. It’s considered a divine being.”
Dean reached the edge of the water just as Cas flapped open his wings to gain some altitude. The air was so very heavy on his wings, and he fought to stay aloft, even as the pixie swarm began their assault on him. He felt the prick of elf-shot as he continued to dash forward, swooping down just enough to grab Dean by the underarms and yank him viciously across the water.
It was a breezy afternoon in October when
Finally, when he had had enough, Dean abandoned Cas in the park and planted himself in one of the nearby bars. There were fewer people in the college bar than he expected, and when he asked the bartender, she shrugged. “Ever since the murders started at the park, people haven’t been wandering around.”
The Baku was still chanting, still feeding the nue souls, but now she had turned towards them, her naked belly grossly distorted like she was carrying quintuplets. She smiled at them, her aura dark with nightmares and illuminated by souls colliding with her elaborate spellwork and disintegrating. Each time the soul struck the sigils, there was a high-pitched noise that Dean hadn’t heard when she had been further away, and he realized that Gabe was vibrating in his palm with aggression and pure anger.
Gabriel’s chewing had slowed down. He set down the empty tray and grabbed some Skittles, chewing thoughtfully. Dean still had that imploring expression, and, really, Castiel hoped he never had that directed at him, because he was mostly sure he’d melt like a bit of chocolate in the sun.
Dean chuckled as he ducked a branch. “Cas, you’re going to have to teach me how you do that… how you manage to make things just sound like they’re in quotes.”
this place is okay?”
“Cas,” Dean said, his voice hoarse and shaking. “Cas, did you… did you just have your rut?”
While I was writing this chapter, there was an incident in the US regarding
This chapter has been written forever. Sadly it's NECESSARY to events in My Keeper, and why I wrote this time stamp to begin with.
Humming, Joshua said, “Excellent. He’s a smart child. He’ll do well.”
“Oh.” From out of nowhere, the thinnest scent of cinnamon pralines spiraled into his nose. Twitching, he tried not to respond to it, but it was hard to hide his indelicate sniffing when, finally, he found himself snuffling Sam.
Why not?
They all looked up at him, the males with lascivious eyes, the female with something just below contempt but not quite hate.
He was more than moderately sure his ass was covered in dirt, but the Wolf didn't seem to care as he straddled over Dean’s prone body and deliberately pressed that hot tongue in the curve of Dean’s nape.
They turned a circuit in the room, Michael pausing to chat up anyone he needed to, and, again, Dean plastered a grin on his gob and zoned out.
, and too many hunters were atheists by nature. Even worse, conventional methods (iron, salt, holy water) only slowed yōkai down a bit. Because it took magic or ritual tools to get rid of them, they needed
“No…” he whimpered, his face pure fear and shock. “A
The old man just smiled at him. “Look around, there is no one else here. Just we three, a Grimm, a Wesen, and a…” He shifted the milky eyes to Cas and squinted. “I suspect you are anirnisiaq, or what the Christians would call angel, because you are too bright in my sight.”
Cas nodded and waved goodbye, pushing his own curl of love at Dean. Dean tried not to watch him walk away because his eyes wanted to follow the lines of Cas’s body.
Dean yanked it away and said, “If that’s the point, who was he?”
He knew his crush on Indiana Jones was based on more than pure awesome. Stupid snakes.
a fan, of course, until she had fed them to the tsuchi-gumo as part of the summoning, both he and his mistress, another shrill, disbelieving blonde.
Dean’s fingers wove into Cas’s hair as he tried not to come just from Cas’s deep throating him, praising Jesus for angels not having to breathe. The electric feeling of grace between them started to heat up, crackling like static, and Cas released his cock with a loud pop, pausing to make sure Dean was looking down to see why he stopped so he could smile wickedly, an expression that was positively obscene and debauched on the angel’s face before he licked a long stripe up to the tip and slide his tongue over the slit.
weak compared to Cas’s. Cas’s rich scent that clung to Sam’s clothes when they got back, that floated out into the walkway, and made him wish for things that he couldn’t have. Occasionally, the scent had him dreaming of chapped lips and mating bites, not that he would admit that to anyone, not when he was waking up in puddles of slick and hard as a rock. Or that he would lay back and get himself off to the thought of a (near enough) priest’s bulging knot, using toys he usually reserved for his heat to get to that place in him, that place he just
Benny chuckled at Dean’s embarrassment and shook his head. “You do not sound happy, brother.”
: In Japan, the first dream of the New Year is called "Hatsuyume" (初夢) and it is supposed to predict how your year will go. To dream of eggplant, Mt. Fuji, and a hawk during that first dream is supposed to predict amazing, just phenomenal luck.
The VIP box was pure awesome, although he missed mingling with the crowds: there was an energy to being in a huge bunch of people all cheering for the same team. And it wasn’t as if there wasn’t a small crowd of people in the box: even though it was private, it was owned by the corporation, so there were other employees in the box as well. Michael was forced to do his meet and greet with them, while Dean slipped away to watch the game.
Castiel said, “I believe less is better in this ca—”
“This is apparently the weapon,” he said. “Gabriel.”
The school bell rang and a flood of kids hit the doors and flowed out over the sidewalks in a loud, colorful crowd. Dean spied Sam talking to an Asian kid until Sam saw him and waved. He said goodbye to the kid and ran up to Dean with a grin.
“Luci! Gabe!” Hael slipped away from Castiel and hugged the twins. As she released them, Gabriel shifted uncomfortably, but Lucifer smiled broadly at Castiel.
Castiel fled into the rectory, running to the bathroom, trying to catch his breath. The Alpha in him was conflicted: confused as to why
So Dean spent his time between taking care of Sam and fixing things around the trailer park. Screen doors that had fallen off, satellite dishes that had been knocked loose, windows that had somehow gotten stuck… he did it all.
The umbrella was making a
I am considering Time Stamps for a few of the things in here, but I will only do it if there's any interest. :)
Dean swooped down and kissed him, licking the seam of his mouth with his tongue. He felt his heat rev up, spill out more slick from him, as his body was desperate for this Alpha. He nearly crowed as Cas kissed him back, just as fiercely and desperately.
“Cassy, you okay there, buddy?”
Dean looked at him through his eyelashes, and then bent down to swallow Cas down again, his arms still held behind him by Cas, and Cas’s free hand running through his hair, or rubbing over the back of his neck and shoulders. He hummed over his length, making Cas whisper, "Oh yeah," and he tried not to laugh as Cas glared at him.
. As he recognized it, he tried to shut it down, calling on his often-vaunted control over his libido, but something about the scent was tickling him, and he was uneasy. He wanted to back away, back into the church where it was safe, but the boys had already seen him.
“Such a beautiful omega,” Michael murmured, his hand not the graceful swan he thought it was as he reached limply for Dean’s face to stroke it.
: Capitalized Alpha/Beta/Omega is second-level or higher. Lower case alpha/beta/omega is third-level or in general.
The bird turned to look at him, but somehow managed to look shifty. “We have a bond, you could say...It is because you are the breaker of the seal and I am the guardian, and we must work together to capture or kill the Baku before it’s too late.”
“What?”
The moment their mouths had touched, Dean had moaned in surrender and pushed back against him. Castiel started as Dean kissed him back, the warm lick of Dean’s tongue against Castiel’s lips maddening. He groaned as he allowed Dean in, and his warm tongue invaded Castiel’s mouth eagerly.
Cerulean eyes rounded with surprise. “Do we?”
Crowley hummed and eyed the Omega. “Thirty. Not a cent more.”
It wasn’t even just warm. Or moist.
Gabe sharpened his attention on the mouth. “Maybe...maybe this was to shut her up? This isn’t typical of kijo. They don’t usually eat eyes and the tongue.”
Null-betas are practically human. Their eyes don't change at all. They have no special senses. They have no superior strength. They rarely mate with anything other than another null because other bloodlines don't want to dilute their genes. They are the majority.
He pulled the cash from his jeans’ pocket, the ball of hundreds still looking impressive to his young eyes, and he pulled off half of them and stuck them into his mattress for safekeeping. Sam was going to college, hell or high water. Dean had saved maybe two-thousand dollars in the last month, which was great. At this rate, in a full year, he’d have enough for a whole semester’s tuition, if Sam really got into his dream university, Stanford. Hopefully, the little genius would get enough scholarships to help tide over what Dean couldn’t make. He resewed the rip in the mattress and stretched his shoulders. It didn’t matter what happened to Dean anymore; he was used goods. Sam, though,
I was given. Not a general need for a cleansing wand on a regular day. Might be in the trunk I had the tsunesō in…” He paused in the doorway to watch Dean, and wasn’t surprised when Dean immediately jumped on Castiel.
Dean had made him run away. Far, far away.
“Dean, I swear by the gods that, if you fall asleep, I will eat your pretty green eyes and leave you blind.”
The brief thought crossed his mind that if he killed his brothers and buried them somewhere on the sprawling pack lands he wouldn’t have to do anything but sit around and repent. But then he’d really go to Hell, and he didn’t want to do that.
Barely.
He used his beak to point at the report. "That is the result. She shreds and eats them."
Behind him, he heard Sam sigh heavily and say, “And this is my older brother, Dean.”
In the distance, but closing in fast, was the sound of sirens. The sickles disappeared and the short (for sure this time) white-blond dude with golden eyes was standing in front of him, looking amused. “Wow, you really can’t handle me in battle. Looks like we’re going to have to up your regimen.”
It's 3am, and the street is mostly empty of people. No witnesses means that he can reach out a hand and lightly take Cas’s fingers in his.
“Yep,” she added. “And the only two who can stop that shit are upstairs getting all melancholy and weepy as fuck.”
, an ogress she had once met in the mountains of Kanto. The kijo’s skin was a sickly blue white, especially hard and mask-like over her face. Her otherworldliness was heightened by her completely yellow eyes narrowed with hate and her red lips twisted by bitterness.
“Cas…” Sam whimpered, “it hurts!”
“Okay, what about the rest of this… Night Parade?”
The drive over to Purgatory was not very far, but for some reason it had Dean thinking about Father Castiel. The first time they had met, he had been shocked/terrified by the presence of a pureblood. It was like accidentally walking into a yeti on the street, in his opinion. No one let a pureblood just... wander around and become a
Benny hums agreement, busily poking at the rest of the room. He finds a few newer looking cans, empty ones tossed into the corner, their sides suspiciously dented.
(鬼 "demon/ghost/ogre/troll"): The kanji for oni can mean a lot of things, so it gets translated into several things. In this story, they're ogres.
Abram woged said, “Birloga is the clan name of the
tower over you, and when I am huge and manly, I’m going to laugh at you being so short and an Omega!”
From behind him, Sam grumbled about discretion being the better part of valor, and Gabe laughed at him.
He put the phone back in his pocket and forgot about it.
Okay, so he wasn’t drop dead gorgeous, but he wasn’t fugly either.
“I am… not sure,” he replied stiltedly. “Something’s...different.”
He had to let Dean go.
“So, Cassy, have you met Michael’s intended yet? He’s quite the looker.”
Joshua held back a chuckle, and waited for them to retake their seats before saying a brief prayer over their meal, this time the younger brother looking sheepish, as he had already eaten that half a sandwich. The meal went on quietly until Joshua asked, “So… Dean, is it? Yes? Well, why are you visiting our fair church?”
Bela smirked at him, her lips a glossy bright red, an off-the-shoulder red satin gown that revealed both her shoulders and most of her left leg. “Likewise,” she said in her pompous accent.
The boys turned to see a man walking out of the side of the church to meet them. His eyes were unbelievably blue, even from that distance. His hair was mussed up, like he had just gotten out of bed, or possibly (Dean thought crudely) just had sex in the pews. His shoulders were broad and he was wearing a priest collar with a button-up gray shirt that was tucked into black slacks with shiny black dress shoes. He was smiling weakly and had spread his hands out in front of himself like he was about to get mugged. As he approached, Dean realized he was a bit taller than the man. Of course, for an Omega, he was huge, but this guy, with his thinner frame, and slim waist couldn’t be an alpha.
“I am guessing we will find out, since my brother found him at the Polzin house. He is bringing him here.” He waved his cell phone at Dean.
Dean shivered again, wishing for at least three more layers than the flannel shirt he had hastily put on over the Pink Floyd tshirt he was wearing. “But it’s freakin’
” He roared, causing Dean to scamper, the Alpha to growl at him, and Sam to fall back into his seat howling with laughter.
The next morning, he carefully sends a bouquet of purple lilacs and wild daisies: ‘first love’ and ‘hope.’
“Gabriel, I might be weak, but I will still strive to kill you if you don’t shut up now.”
Dean was amused because the bird had been obviously trying not to fall asleep on his shoulder, and failing miserably. He kept listing left and falling onto Dean’s ear, struggling to stay upright when he realized it, and making odd, irritated little bird noises, followed by a tiny rustling of feathers.
In the tiny clearing, a small dark, wet glow was evident in the very sketchy moonlight. Then the tang of blood struck his nose, and he tried not to gag as the stench of torn intestines wafted to him. They carefully walked to the spot, and Dean tried not to throw up. He was used to seeing horrors, hell, he’d been trained to face them head on, but very few got to him as much as the murder of children.
Sam and Bobby positively adored her from that moment on.
“CASSIE!! Long time no see, bro!”
She contemplated the woman next to him, her long, fair hair brushing over his shoulder, and she watched her dreams: cuddling a baby to her chest; the smiles of her family around her; the look of adoration her son radiated towards her.
“My giant-ass bird,” he said, walking backwards and carrying Cas away like he was a pet dog. A very large pet dog. In a pom-pommed sash and wooden sandals. “Go find your own!”
He tried to sit up and his body protested the movement. Stubbornly, he managed it with a groan, rubbing his face with pained fingers, and checked his surroundings again.
that made him want to break it in half.
The other Alpha paled slightly and cleared his throat, putting his right fist to his heart as he bowed formally. “Apologies, Robert Singer. I did not know who you were, only that you were a strange Alpha on my супруг’s doorstep.”
transformed body so powerful and commanding, wasn't enough to get him half hard and wanting to present.
That night, Gabe, Dean, Cas, and Sam were on baku watch. Using a telescope, they spied on her a bit, but the CenturyLink Tower was the tallest building in Sioux Falls (well, in South Dakota) and even camping out on the roof of a nearby building made it hard to see. But, really, all they saw her do all night was eat veggie pizza, pop open packages of Oreos and snack cakes to devour, and watch “Gilmore Girls,” while rubbing her belly. No sign of the big shot executive, so they figured he was dead.
Castiel opened his mouth to refuse when Gabe used his sad-puppy look, which was extra effective when he was tiny and adorable, and sighed. “Okay, fine. Fine! Just…” Supernaturally blue eyes blinked slowly once and then closed as he whispered, “Just keep him safe.”
Hari onago hissed again, and this time threw her hair at him in waves. Sometimes Dean wasn’t quite fast enough with the sickles and a few barbed hairs would make it past his guard, but they quickly burned into uselessness with the touch of the silver chain. Each time, she’d screech at the pain as her hair was cut or burned, but she kept throwing it at him, occasionally getting a hook in and pulling out pieces of flesh. After a particularly nasty combo that left him with a hell of a furrow in his left forearm, he decided to mount a counter-offensive, and slowly walked into the attack, blocking the hair, until he was just within reach of her body.
The last is shrieked as Sam almost keels over, nearly dumping Dean head first into the small closet. He somehow misses landing on his arm, but his thigh and shoulder howl at the treatment.
They kept the so-called “not dates” to short trips, but Michael was really trying his best to woo Dean. Dean had to admit that. It also helped that the salty scent of sea water and bamboo wasn’t clogging up his nose and telling his brain
need you for the final part of the summons.”
“You talk pretty tough for a little bitch,” one of them snapped, his blond hair shorn short to his head, his shoulders blocky and heavy with muscle under his grey hoodie. He was holding back another alpha, this one actually foaming at the mouth, his eyes glowing red as well, and his entire focus on Dean. He was at least three inches taller than Dean, and built like a linebacker. The last was a lean alpha, all limbs and acne. He was holding it together better, mostly just breathing heavily, shifting on his feet, and clenching his hands repeatedly.
“And that’ll be worse,” Benny added. “Because he’ll be even angrier that we went over his head and invited you into the Cete.” He shook his head. “Sorry, brother. This affects our lives too much. He could kill us or even exile us.”
*sigh* So here it is, scars and all.
“Dean,” the bird tried again, the patience evident in his voice, “Tapirs are just one form of the baku and they are magnificent beasts. They are actually related to horses and rhinoceroses, not pigs.”
“In some small village along the border, in a pauper’s grave,” Sam added.
He tried to ignore most of the stares in his direction, even as Gabe was deliberately ignoring the reverent clapping hands and bows in
He smokes more, stress and sadness riding him, and it's a relief when Cas is on stage.
Dean shook his head as if to knock the thought out his ears or something.
Dean rubbed where Bobby had smacked him, because, old man or not, he smacked pretty damn hard when he wanted to, and looked up to see the raven looking smug.
This time Bobby translated. “He said that the long-haired one — he means you Sam — should be thinking more about how to protect yourself from Gabe’s advances.” Which sort of explained why Sam thought he had heard the phrase 'cherry-boy' in the bead’s monologue, but Gabe’s sudden, “Meee-ow, baby!” from behind him did not comfort him at all. He threw a dirty look at the fox, and then rolled his eyes when Gabriel just winked and made some lewd motions with his long fox tongue.
He didn’t want to face his parents.
Dean blinked at him. “What?”
"He's got enough things sucking on his soul, I think," Castiel murmured. "Gabriel is a holy beast anyway. You'll probably need to keep feeding him sugar and fried tofu."
was a rare thing. Considering finding your mate was rare, finding your True Mate was even rarer. The odds of crossing their path was practically on the level with old wives’ tales. So it wasn’t surprising that most people had never met anyone who had found their mate and been rejected by them. It was unheard of.
was the slim body that writhed under him, sweaty and oh-so-human, and, in between kisses, whispered his name like a benediction.
Bobby inwardly approved of that, showing that this guy trusted Dean but didn’t trust Bobby yet.
He had forgotten.
He was not amused to find a bucket of water with a note from Joshua that said, “Here’s some holy water to help cool your thoughts. You should know the walls are thin and I never wanted to think of Dean in that way. Confession is being held at St. Andrews tonight at 5pm.”
A troll in a small gray apron stumbled drunkenly into the small clearing, swearing darkly at the dead gnome. “Gor! Shez gonna kill me fer certain now!” It bent to look at the baby and shot backwards, eyes darting around the trees, landing on Dean and Cas’s presence not too far away.
But this week had been busier than usual, what with murder being popular. Today had been a mugging gone wrong, the victim a young mother with two small kids and a husband still working the Pacific Theater.
“I thought you were going to stop that,” Cas snapped. His wings twitched irritably and the feathers up his back puffed up with annoyance.
He strode up the townhouse’s steps and rapped sharply on the door.
Gabriel gleamed at him. “Gen is it? Is
Which is why for week two of his medication, Dean started seeing Michael. He refused to call them “dates.” He just did. But the distant feeling in his head had lessened a bit, and he realized that, yeah, Michael was okay in small doses. A bit of an ass, but he was, after all, a second-level Alpha and, according to him, a soon-to-be pack leader.
He returned, “Where’s the meat?”
okay, but his ‘date’ was too dumb to get it. Dean gritted out, “Just tired and ready to go back now.” He added, “Thank you for the meal, but you can keep the suits.”
“I know that,” he said tersely, staring to those golden eyes that kept flickering between a fox’s and a human pupil.
me off the bed? With one hand?” Sam sounds surprisingly indignant, but then no one has probably manhandled him like that since he was thirteen.
Dean tried not to roll his eyes. Like he cared about that? He didn’t want to live the rest of his life a damned Ken doll for others to dress up.
A tall, large-boned woman of maybe forty-five watched them walk up. Dean was tall, but she was easily his height, with broad shoulders but equally broad hips. She was wearing a long dress of dark blue embroidered with flowers and that particular crosshatched stitching in white. She wore a matching cap on her head, covering what looked like graying mousy blonde hair, but her dark brown eyes were strong and assessing. She radiated “don’t fuck with me” and seriously reminded him of Ellen.
They laid in bed lazily for another fifteen minutes until Cas reminded him that he had to get his ass up and call Bobby and Sam. Grumbling about nice warm beds and arms compared to the cold morning air, he kissed his angel again and dragged himself out of bed, clambering down the ladder.
He pulled out a couple of packets of microwave popcorn from the cabinet, gifts from Joshua, and tossed them at his brother. “Don’t forget to finish your homework for tomorrow.”
But Castiel had a secret, one he had only told Joshua. The main cause for the control he exerted over himself was the
Cas shifted back and forth, feathers again, fluffed with agitation. “Respect Ichiren-Bozu! He is a good servant of Buddha! He has soothed many tsukumogami into peace.”
“Don’t you even ‘Bobby’ me! You call that boy! Capisce?”
…” like a third grader faced with broccoli. The giant web was something out of that spider scene in The Hobbit, and his brain kept thinking about needing a sword like Sting if this shit kept up.
The guy blinked at him some more before looking over at the woman. Gone was the gorgeous teen with the pale, creamy skin. All that was left was a horrible ghoulish form of pasty gray-white skin, black-depthless orbs for eyes, and a skeletal form in a dirty, shredded kimono. Like cutting heads off a friggin’ Hyda, her hair was re-growing at a horrifying rate, the strands wiggling around her as if alive.
Dean climbed into the bed, pointed at Cas, and growled, “Do NOT shit on my head or I will end you, magical or not.”
Dean gasped, “Will it hurt?”
That's a like…a billion in one shot!”
Dean snarked, “You’re a fucking Alpha and a
I recognize it, how the hell am I supposed to capture it?”
“Dean,” Cas said warningly, grabbing his arm.
Dean wasn’t going to think about it.
“Well, I guess we can start there.” Dean made a move to stand up, but then he realized he had no idea what time it was. “Actually, what time is it?”
“Exactly,” he breathed. “That exactly. Fuck.”
Dean pressed his lips together and rubbed his eyes with the heels of his hands. “Fuck. I’m so tired. Okay, let me go get Cas and we’ll head out there with Gabe.”
But Sam had hesitantly said, “Dean… if… I mean, if we don’t break this spell…”
Castiel didn’t respond, and Dean sensed he wasn’t sure what he
Dean rolled his eyes at his unhelpful baby brother and took his morning dose. He crawled back into bed reluctantly. This time he slept for a shorter time, and even managed to get out of bed, wash up, and take care of some of his trailer park chores for the day.
When Dean comes to, it's to blurry whiteness.
, damn it. So even if Dean was ready beat the man into a pulp, he just couldn’t outwardly
“Sounds like a dream come true to me.”
Although Dean understood that third-level omegas were considered property to protect them, he himself couldn’t have lived like that, forced into a confined living space with that many other omegas. He knew most omegas liked being around other omegas, as it gave them a sense of safety and comfort.
Michael sat up a bit and rubbed a hand over his face before taking another hit. “In about twenty minutes, my assistant will be here to help you prepare for the party.” Waving the mouth piece, he added, “If I thought this would do something for you, I’d offer you a hit. She’s very effective but just a bit… overwhelming.”
Akira’s expression had gotten canny at that point, and she had shrugged again. “They took her somewhere safe. She’s human now. Hopefully she can start over.”
Cas said, “Well, kijo are jealous, vengeful yōkai. It wouldn’t be outside their behavior.”
.” She put down Cas’s tea and waved over at an equally shaggy man who looked somewhat similar to Abram around the eyes. “That’s Benedikt, his older brother. The rest is their crew: Klim, Nika, and Lev.”
Her slate gray eyes raked over the man, and it was almost like hearing nails on a chalkboard, it was so visceral. Without a single trace of emotion, she said, “Balthazar, you’re getting in the way of my getting my drink. Keep it up, and I’ll fuck you in the corner like the little bitch you are.”
“You’re such a
By the third day, it felt almost like his Omega had slipped into a coma. The quiet in his head was unnerving. He was, on a daily basis, used to his Omega being a soft presence. If he were a religious man, Dean would’ve said like a guardian angel on his shoulder all the time. But now everything felt muffled and distant. Even worse, he woke up and realized he couldn’t smell anything properly. Everything smelled gray and musty. It was terrifying to someone who lived on their ability to scent.
“Well, maybe you should think about it?”
That was why it was with some surprise he observed Dean emerge from the kitchen, carrying a cup that seemed to be piled high with whipped cream and what looked like a peppermint stick. Dean handed him the cup, and it was a beautiful white mug with his name “Cas” written in a lovely script, bracketed by wings and a small halo over the “C.” He eyed the mug with astonishment, as Dean took the seat next to him. When he just stared at the cup, wondering what was up, Dean coughed delicately and motioned for Cas to turn the mug around.
Dean snapped to it. “OH, you mean the salvage yard!” He scowled at the thought of all those cars coming back to life with tongues and eyeballs. It was creepy and he shuddered. “Yeah, glad we missed out on that.”
He hadn’t even been looking for a mate, for fuck’s sake! And now he was
The woman stared at him flatly, waiting to hand him thin leather gloves and what looked like oversized sunglasses, and said, “Your coat.”
to do so. Not impossible. Just… uncomfortable.
Dean threw his hands up in surrender while Cas just looked confused. Benny pointed again at Dean, and they all ignored the knowing grin on Abram’s face as he walked out the door.
By the time they got back to HELL, it was nearly 1 am, and Dean had had it with the bragging and the sneaky hands that were constantly landing on his thigh and sliding its way up towards his crotch, or the shoulder rubbing that felt creepy as hell.
that it was for him.
“So you totally
“I can see it’s a coat, smart ass,” he snapped, “but no one told me I was going to have to wear like a bear or something to this shindig!”
teeny feet tickled his palm something fierce and he resisted the urge to either try and crush it in his palm or throw it into the woods. There was a small tremor, and then there was just a soft weight in his palm. He opened his eyes, and the bead was looking forward. “Over there, behind the house,” it said. “You can feel the out of place magic.”
When Dean woke up in the morning, he felt like he hadn’t rested enough. He scowled as he peered up at the out of focus black blob over his head. He heard a “Get out of bed you sleepy head,” before an ice cold washcloth was unceremoniously dropped on his face.
“I, I don't know how. I'm asleep, and I doubt the Empty would be happy to let me go. If it's still awake. It doesn't like me a whole lot. But I can try. I'd like to live with you.”
“You, you're in love with me? Dean?”
Their first kiss was soft, and Dean could taste the coffee Cas had been drinking.
Cas came back to life in the Bunker, the same spot where the Empty had taken him. Dean wasn't there anymore. There were no voices to be heard.
Dean's last words.
They could be happy, Dean knew that. He couldn't doubt it anymore. Sam was happy, Jack was in everything and still occasionally popped by the Bunker for midnight cereal they kept in stock just for their kid. Charlie had Stevie, Claire had Kaia. There were still monsters around, but what was the difference between monsters and humans? Couple of extra teeth, sure, but there were vampires that only drank animal blood, werewolves like Garth and there were also entirely human serial killers. Hunters were still around, but they too had changed, their entire culture had.
"Gimme your hand!"
Once upon a time there had been Lisa. Lisa and Ben, an apple pie life of his own with barbeques and kiddie baseball games, a regular job, a girl and a kid. He'd loved them, they'd built him back up from the shattered shell of a man he'd been after losing Sammy to Hell, after Cas had up and left to go back to Heaven.
He can't face him yet.
Cas continued wandering through the Bunker. Calling out for Dean. No answer.
“The prayer wasn't everything I wanted to say. In Purgatory. There wasn't enough time for the rest, you interrupted me, and then we had to save Sammy and I never got up the courage again. But you gotta listen now. I tried to tell you before, to show you, and maybe you know and were just trying to spare me the heartbreak but well, if we're both dead in two minutes anyways what's the point?”
With those words, spoken quickly, nearly falling over each other in Cas' mouth, Dean feels himself pushed away, landing on the floor.
There were all kinds of warnings there, about getting trapped in your dreams, about the powers angels and demons had in your mind, about not saying yes to them. Dean wasn't planning on doing that either. Adam and Michael might've worked that out, but it wasn't for him.
Why, why was he so fucking bad at this?
Having those mornings where you didn't want to leave the bed because you were too wrapped up in each other, too comfortable. Dancing to a romantic song in the kitchen while there's a homemade pie in the oven. Cuddling up in front of a movie, maybe falling asleep with your head on your lover's shoulder. Visiting Sam and Eileen or Charlie and Stevie and going on double dates.
“Cas! Thank fuck you're answering! Is Dean with you? What happened?”
When a phone rings on the bunker's floor, no one is alive to hear it. Dean will never again answer his phone, and Cas will never experience his moment of true happiness.
“Why does this sound like a goodbye, Cas?”
How was this supposed to be the final ending, if no other death had ever seemed to stick?
“Cas?”
Cas had left again and Dean hadn't asked. Again.
He hadn't dared dream of life with Cas before. And now there was no point. He could've had it all, but Cas was gone again.
Dean had been the one to make this place home. He'd been the one to nest, to decorate his room, build his Dean cave, to make burgers and force Cas to watch movies with him.
Cas has never been happy.
He had taken off Cas' suit, after they'd dragged him out of the Empty. It had been filthy, bloody and crumpled. Cas was lying there, right in front of him, breathing.
They were at peace.
They were looking at each other, and Dean knew he should say something, but it was Cas, and he was here, and not dying, not crying, maybe dead but they were talking.
A letter, addressed to Cas. His name neatly written on the outside, in capitalized letters.
Cas has a way to get them out?
“Dean?”
Dean had the love of his life in his arms, his family was at home, everyone was safe and free.
Cas could leave the bunker from here. The angel banishing sigil, the one the British bastards had used. It had straight up blown Cas halfway across the country, out of the bunker.
Cas had saved his life, spoken his truth. Dean hadn't yet had the chance to do the same for Cas.
Dean's final view of Cas' face shows a smile, marred by tears.
Cas knows how to achieve that happiness to save the day.
The sigil sparks as Cas is telling Dean about a deal. Telling Dean he will die when he experiences true happiness. Telling him he knows the happiness is in just being, just saying it.
The bunker was brimming with life. It had started two days ago, with Claire and Kaia crashing through the door after an exhausting hunt that had left them with a number of bumps and bruises. Next Charlie and Stevie had dropped by, wanting to help Sam with digitizing the bunker archive.
Then the door bursts open, black goo comes from a portal behind Dean, and within seconds both Cas and Billie are gone.
He had more research to do. He would get his angel back, even if it took years.
They'd been successful, killing two birds with one stone. The Empty was empty again, the angels back in Heaven. Keeping that bureaucracy up and running, promising not to interfere with humanity, like Rowena in Hell didn't change where souls were headed either. No more deals.
Why? How is he supposed to live without Dean's love brightening this world?
“So, you want me to come back to the Bunker because you miss me even though I told you I'm in love with you?”, was what Cas settled on saying. “Is there someone you need my help fighting? Did you manage to defeat Chuck?”
“Cas...” His voice cracked under the strain. “Don't you ever do that to me again, okay?”
Dean doesn't get to hear the end of that sentence. He has already slammed his hand to the sigil, and Cas is gone. Probably cursing him. Hopefully alive. Anything better than certain death because of Dean's stupid anger.
As Cas and Dean settled into bed, the bunker fell silent.
Dean sat on the floor. On some level he heard his phone buzzing, still Sammy, felt his limbs going numb, the tears drying on his cheeks, making them itchy.
Somehow he managed to choke out an answer: “Yeah. I'm alive.”
Maybe it was Jack, the kid's love and happiness truly being in every speck of dust. Maybe it was the happiness Cas had found, the happiness that was in just saying it.
“My time here is up. Cas, I love you. I'll keep looking for a way out too. Dunno if I can get in, the Empty's just for angels and demons after all. See you soon, I love you!”
But he had to try. What would be the point if he didn't even try to get Cas out?
Dean was glad for it. Christmas was coming soon and even when his new day job exhausted him he still enjoyed decorating the bunker, cooking for the kids and stealing kisses from Cas. Because he could do that now. It was their first Christmas as a couple, their first Christmas free of any and all divine manipulation, and it was a fantastic feeling.
Some herbs, some blood, some fancy stones, a lot of even fancier Latin, and boom, he should fall asleep and be able to talk to Cas in his dreams.
He picked up.
That he could have whatever he wanted with Dean.
“Cas! Where are you, how did you get out? I'm on my way.”
However, before Dean can decide on what to say, Cas interrupts him once again.
Dean was gone.
It is both of them being killed by Billie or letting Cas save his life one last time.
So here they were. It was a Friday evening, Claire and Kaia had taken over the Dean Cave to watch a Christmas movie marathon in a very non-Claire move, and the rest of the family was slowly joining the young couple.
Dean feels the blood rushing through his body. Feels his heart pounding.
So, what did he need?
He felt more than heard Cas' answering I love you.
The amount of furniture in the Dean cave had increased over the years, and with Jack, Miracle, Claire and Kaia opting for cushions on the floor that left the two recliners for Sam and Eileen, with Charlie and Stevie cuddling on one end of the couch, Cas and Dean on the other.
Dean is gone.
Cas was back! It couldn't be a trick, not again, not with this timing.
A spell, a path, something, to get to the Empty, to talk to this mysterious entity. A way to talk to Cas while he was there and hope that Cas knew a way to get out himself. A way to get Cas out without making a deal with the Empty.
Maybe if Cas knows there is more that Dean would give him he'd fight to come back.
It was an empty bunker with its echoing halls. It was pitying glances whenever he went to dinner with Sam and Eileen, with Jody and the girls. It was hunting because he didn't know what else to do and what was the point in trying to learn anything else?
Sam's voice was panicked. “Dean! Dean are you still there?”
After the movie was over they slowly began retiring to their bedrooms, one couple after the other, Jack sneaking Miracle with him, even though he didn't need sleep and Miracle technically wasn't supposed to be on any beds. According to Sam, at least.
Dean has nothing left to lose. He could use the chance to finally stop pretending.
He will take care of Sam, and Jack, of course he will, defeat Chuck or die trying. Maybe dying in the process would be preferable.
He had walked to Dean's room, unconsciously. The door was left slightly ajar, and Cas pushed it open.
Jack had also decided to spend a few days in between his godly duties, so suddenly there were nine people and a dog in the bunker.
Cas is saying so many things Dean has wanted to hear, why?
Not with anyone but Cas.
Billie is going to kill them. First Cas, then Dean, and it's all Dean's fault.
It wasn't fair. Dean felt the tears start trickling down his face again. He hadn't thought there were any tears left to cry, not after hours of just sitting there, not moving from the wall Cas had pushed him into.
“I made a deal for Jack. True happiness and the Empty would take me. Maybe Billie too. Maybe this will save you too. I love you, so much.”
Dean felt his heart break.
The hours seemed to crawl and fly past at the same time. It seemed to take forever and yet when Dean finally reached Lawrence he still didn't have a clue what he should say.
Cas knows Dean. Cas knows Dean better than anyone else had ever known him.
And Dean, maybe he could've learned to accept that. If Cas had known he was wanted, that there was another option.
His phone is buzzing, but what is the point? What is the point of anything?
Cas could stay here. Help the hunters, teach the lore. Be what the Men of Letters should have been, make sure Earth was taken care of.
Though, what is he going to say? How to put it? Dean isn't great with words. A plea to let Dean go before Cas, not to have to watch the love of his life die before his eyes again? Play suave, ask for a last wish, a kiss as his last request?
Cas hadn't known Dean loves him.
Damn, he was rambling.
“Cas, I don't want to hear it. You're family. We'll break the deal, somehow. But you're my brother. Don't make this weird.”
Dean would wait for him.
“I.. I don't understand?”
It was calm, it was peaceful. It was everything Dean had never dared to let himself wish.
Dean needs a few minutes to process, he can feel himself freezing, swallowing around the lump in his throat. He needs to be able to react. He needs to answer Cas. Because Cas is talking about the one thing he wants and couldn't have, and then starts talking about Dean. If Dean isn't entirely insane, if he isn't completely blinded by hope and fear, Cas is confessing his love. Cas is going to die and Dean can't let that happen with Cas still believing his feelings are unrequited.
The rhythmic knocking stops.
When they pulled back, they were both grinning. Whatever else would come, they had each other now.
Cas' smile is ethereal, beautiful, angelic. The tears in his eyes do little to mar the joy shown on his face.
And well, if Cas chose Heaven, Dean would pretend that he would find happiness on Earth. Cas shouldn't stay out of any sense of responsibility, not because Dean needed him, but because Dean wanted him to stay. Cas had chosen Dean, humanity, the whole world, over Heaven a number of times already. Cas loved him. He would stay, right? Dean would have the chance to kiss him silly. To cuddle up with him in front of a dumb movie. To make him breakfast like Stevie had done for Charlie.
But as much as he doesn't want that thing in his back Cas is more important.
There had to be a hint somewhere.
“Yeah, Cas. I think I started falling for you the moment you told me you'd give anything not to have me torture Alistair. I certainly was attracted to you from the moment you walked into that barn.”
Jack, of course, had simply known, what with being omniscient now.
“Yeah, okay, well... I love you, Cas. Have for years.”
Cas might be miserable, but at least he is still alive.
No laughter, no one waiting for him.
“Cas!” Dean couldn't stop himself now, he had to be close to Cas, closer, making sure he was here, same memories, same personality, no trauma, no leftovers, just his Cas.
It was a summer without sunshine, it was Christmas without presents, Thanksgiving without family. Nothing felt right, not without Cas there.
Cas is starting to talk about Dean, about his virtues.
Cas has barely stepped back, but there is a sound, something, coming from behind them.
It took weeks, weeks of looking through the Bunker library and even some other collections. There wasn't a whole lot on the Empty, it hadn't really been an active player for a very long time.
It was on his drive back from Sam's that he heard his phone ring. An unknown number, Kansas area code. Lawrence, Kansas, area code.
It was later, weeks later, that they managed to fix everything. A miracle, if he'd ever heard of one. Well, weeks later that they managed to get Cas back, all the other people had shown back up sooner thanks to Jack. But here he was, sitting on a chair pulled from the library next to Cas, who was lying unconscious on Dean's bed, in Dean's room.
“Hello, Dean.”
“It'll take a few hours.” Dean was mentally calculating the fastest way. Three and a half hours, maybe three if he ignored the speed limits. “Better find a coffee shop or something. I'm coming.”
She kills first Cas, then Dean, though her injuries weaken her. She won't live much longer herself but it was enough to get revenge.
He'd get Cas back. Somehow. There was no other option.
And this is Dean's last chance to tell him.
Death is knocking on the door.
“You can't be real.”
“That's all I can ask for. Don't do any deals, yeah? Don't come back with anything hanging over your head, I'm not going to make any dumb deals either, promise.”
And now it would soon be time to give Cas his choice. Because Cas had chosen to give his life for Dean, hopefully he would choose to live for Dean, with Dean, too.
Dean was starting to feel the pull back, starting to wake up.
Defeating Lucifer and Michael again, too.
"I don't understand, Dean, no, I can't lose..."
“Yes, I'll do that. There's one right across the street, Jade's?”
Cas pauses. There is only silence. He takes a deep breath.
He had said he would fight the world to get Cas back, but right now even getting up, even answering his phone, felt impossible.
"She's going to kill you, and then she's going to kill me, and it's all my fault! She doesn't even want you dead, Cas, it's just me!"
Cas would still have had his stupid fucking deal – what did that even mean, what he wanted he knew he couldn't have? If he wanted Dean, in whatever way, shape or form he would only have had to ask, would only have had to stay.
“No, no, no, Cas!” Try again. “I want you back because I miss you. I want you back because I love you. There's no big bad left to fight, Sammy's got Eileen, and the Bunker is empty. Chuck is some human somewhere, entirely forgotten. Jack's God now, he restored everything, that paradise you swore he'd bring. It's just me, and I just want you back because I want to live with you.”
That was definitely not an answer he had expected.
He starts typing, one more message.
Maybe he should've called Sammy, but for possibly the first time in his life he chooses himself, chooses Cas over his baby brother, the one he'd raised.
If Dean hadn't been so fucking stupid he wouldn't have gone after Billie. He should've recognized it was Chuck, not her. If she hadn't been reminded of him she would've left them be. Cas wouldn't have had to use the Empty to stop her.
“Dean, I'm sorry. I didn't know.”
“I trust you. I just want you around. If you're happy I'm happy, Cas.”
Why had Dean been so very slow?
He had barely felt anything since Cas had vanished, as if the Empty had taken his soul, his very heart along with Cas.
It had been a rough few weeks. Even after getting most of the world back they had still needed to deal with the Empty, with the dysfunctional Heaven that was about to lose power and release all those souls.
His voice was hoarse from crying, but maybe, somehow, Cas would still hear him. He'd heard Jack, and sure, Jack was one of the most powerful beings in creation, but maybe their bond was profound enough, somehow, for Cas to hear Dean too.
How was he supposed to face Sam, face Jack? He wished the Empty had taken him along.
What does that have to do with his happiness? Cas is still dying.
“Shut up Cas!”, Dean blurts out.
He had been Cas' happiness. They could have had this, for years. Dean is a coward, but at least he'd said his bit. At least he is alive and might be able to get Cas back.
Of course Dean would try to save him, but who knows if he has a chance to succeed? They have no cosmic beings in their corner anymore after all.
Dancing at Sammy's wedding. Patching each other up after a hunt and not being able to take their hands off of each other.
Dean pulls out his phone, texting Cas.
They had won, time to celebrate.
“No, Dean. I meant just that. I love you.”
"Tell Sammy I love him, and I'm sorry. Take care of him, please."
He isn't going to lose Cas again without him knowing how much he means to Dean.
When Cas starts talking about his happiness, about the one thing he always wanted but knew he couldn't have, the one thing that would make him truly happy, there is a part of Dean that wants to demand what it is, to do everything in his power to give it to Cas, promise him anything at all, but well, that would also kill Cas, so how could he do it?
Dean knows what Cas wanted to say. It's not hard to guess. Saying the one thing he wanted was something he knew he couldn't have – and then talking about a person.
What had happened? There had been Chuck, that cute dog, Michael, Lucifer, they'd defeated Chuck, Jack had turned God, Amara was there too, then all that stuff with the Empty and all the reunions. A lot had happened, and there would be time to tell all those stories, later.
The righteous man dies with a smile on his lips, saving the angel who had raised him from perdition, blue eyes, dark hair and a deep voice filling his mind.
They have minutes left to live. Cas will die protecting him, because he always does, because he is still an angel to Dean's human. Billie will kill Cas in front of him because Dean will stop fighting once Cas is gone. What would the point be, after all?
"What are you doing, Dean?" Cas asks, confused.
Dean hadn't known Cas loved him, either. He had thought, maybe, sometimes, that at the end he might have that chance, the possibility that there might be something one day. But an angel of the lord, in love with him? An angel in love with a human, like Serafina and Adam. What was he supposed to do with this knowledge? With this confession, so profound, so honest, so stunningly beautiful?
Billie is pounding at the door, Death herself coming to kill them both. Sure, they had managed to ward the door, but that isn't going to last. They are trapped, no way out, no grenade launcher, Cas has long since lost his wings, no one to call, nothing they can do.
"No. Not for Jack, though he missed you too. For me. Cas, you said you loved me. Said you had truly wanted this but you thought you couldn't have it, right? By that, you meant a relationship? With me? I'm not misunderstanding things here, right?"
Dean had loved him too.
He could ask to be let into Heaven, promise to behave and help maintain the infrastructure in exchange for rights to visit Dean. If Dean was in Hell, well, Rowena might be willing to help. Dean didn't belong in Hell, but if he was there Rowena would surely take care of him. Would likely let Cas visit, as Dean had written.
“She's gonna kill you, and then she's gonna kill me, and she won't even have to because your death is already enough to kill me okay?”
“Hey love, sorry it took me so long,” he said with a smile. “I missed you. How did you get out?”
That was why this was the final ending.
Dean takes a deep breath. Cas seems distracted, which, fair enough, Death herself is pounding on the door.
"Well Death's gonna kill me no matter what. I can get you out. Not like I would particularly enjoy life without you anyways." Dean sighs. "Also like, Chuck can't control you. Never could. You can defeat him, with Sammy, and Jack. Have a good life. I always knew I was going to go out in a blaze of glory and if I can save one last life? Worth it."
Cas had said that everything Dean did, the good and the bad, was because of love. That he was so full of love he had changed Cas, made him care for the entire world because of Dean. Made him care for Dean enough to sacrifice himself to save Dean from his own stupidity.
His angel turned around. He froze.
He'd gotten tired of his favorite playthings, his little toys, and they'd played out their final ending.
Cas had been there, but now he isn't, not anymore.
Cas' face crumples.
Dean.
“I love you.”
But Cas had chosen this. Cas had made this deal. Cas had chosen when it would come due. Cas had thought Dean would live without him.
But well, what else could he do? He wouldn't involve Sam, wouldn't involve anyone else.
Cas turned back around, looking at the fake Dean, still raking leaves. Then back, looking at Dean.
Chuck wouldn't let the Winchesters be resurrected again, that was the difference.
“He saved me.”
Chuck.
Sam is silent. What else is there to say? They'll keep fighting, they have no other choice. For Dean. To honor his memory.
Cas deserves better, but for some reason he has chosen Dean.
Realization finally dawns on Cas' face. Hope, mixed with grief.
It was all about summoning the dead, dead angels, dead demons. Those were the only traces Dean could find.
“I promise you, Cas, I am real.” He sighed. “And man, I miss you one hell of a lot.”
Cas was left, impossible to control.
He didn't know why he even hoped Cas would appear in a flutter of wings like he used to, but there was silence still. A silence only broken by Dean's sobs as he dropped back on the floor, back against the wall.
He could cut out his grace, become human. Live human, die human, see if he winds up with Dean like Mary and John or Claire's parents.
Eating in a diner on a hunt and not feeling a macho duty to flirt with the waitress.
Could you even imagine? Marrying Cas. Marrying an angel of the lord, which priest would even do that? Completely ignoring the fact that Dean was legally dead and a convicted murderer multiple times over.
“Cas... I don't know if you can hear me, but I have to try. I didn't want to tell you this in prayer, and I never did tell you in person, though I should have. Cas, I love you, I have for years. I don't want you to leave, ever.” His voice broke. “Just come back, man. I can't do this without you. I won't rest till I get you back and I don't care who I have to fight. I'll fight the whole world for you.”
So Dean first confirms what he already knows and dreads.
He startled awake, when he heard Cas clear his throat.
If Cas had known his sacrifice would devastate Dean, would he have been happy enough to get taken?
Ways to ask questions to those who were gone. A ritual, ingredients a bit gory but nothing Dean hadn't used before.
Dean takes a deep breath. He needs Cas to know how much he is loved. Even if that is what summons the Empty. If Cas is right it will come either way, come to take him away from Dean.
He lifted his hand to cradle Cas' face, and slowly leaned in, giving Cas the chance to back off.
There was liquid dripping down on Dean's letter. It wasn't the first. It was his tears mingling with Dean's.
“Because it is.” Cas looks at him, tears in his eyes, a smile on his lips. “I love you.”
Dean hasn't felt this shitty since... Well, not actually that long ago. Watching Cas leave the bunker. Cas telling him he needed to get out. Before that, kicking Cas out when he'd been human.
But Cas hadn't known. Cas had died not knowing he was loved, so very much.
Maybe, just maybe, sharing sweet kisses at their own wedding one day.
Everyone who loves Dean, everyone he had ever loved, they'd all died.
He could confess. What is stopping him? Cas had interrupted him in Purgatory, but with minutes left to live what else is there to do?
Dean's phone rings, it's Sammy. He picks up immediately, glad to escape the oppressive silence. He does not look at Cas, and Cas doesn't push it. They don't talk the whole drive.
Cas should've been in Heaven too, but Naomi, with whom they'd had to deal, was rather insistent to return him to Earth, to Sam and Dean. She said Castiel had chosen Earth, chosen humanity before, and the angels would accept that choice. If he decided to come back to the fold they'd welcome him, but they didn't expect it to happen.
That there wasn't only happiness in saying it, in just being, but also in having it.
'Don't do this'? That's what he'd replied to a love confession he'd hoped for for years? Why had Cas loved him? How is Dean supposed to move, to live, to save the world when there is nothing left in it for him?
Dean walked in, smiling at the waitress, but heading directly for Cas.
But what was life with peace and freedom without happiness?
When he woke back up on the floor of the Bunker, there were tears in his eyes and also hope in his heart. Cas knew Dean loved him. Cas would be working from the other side, trying to come back.
They'd lost many, but they'd also found new family over the years. They'd found freedom, peace, now, with Chuck gone.
Dean is going to break his heart. Dean has to reject the love of his life to keep him around. So thoroughly there was no way Cas would ever be happy because of him.
Dean just sat there, staring at the wall on the other side of the room, not even perceiving anything.
Last time he hadn't had the words, not quickly enough. All those times before, when he'd considered saying something, anything, he hadn't had the words. Had called Cas his brother, or just hugged him tightly and moved on, thinking he'd have more time, after. That maybe in some nebulous after he'd be good enough for Cas.
“That’s because you’re wearing too many layers, Dean.” Sam had always said.
“No, thank you though.” Cas sat down on the couch and folded the flaps of his coat over his knees. He was not ready for this conversation, even though he really had no idea what Sam was going to say. But he could only imagine where it was headed. It looked like it could be avoided no longer. He looked up and squinted. “You asked me to come. Is everything okay?”
However, Heaven had changed for Dean now, no longer spending his time with his brother. He knew that time had no meaning here; that he’d spent a long time with Sam, reminiscing about their time on earth, saving people, hunting things. He knew that Sam had missed being with his wife, and that his Heaven was complete now that she had joined him. Unfortunately, that left Dean alone once again, with only Baby for company.
Castiel smiled “Jack is wonderful, thank you. He has done amazing things since he arrived here. Everyone seems happy with what he has created here.”
“Do you miss anything from when you were alive, Sammy?” Dean asked, during one of his visits to see his brother.
“Hey, Sunshine.” he said leaning up for his kiss.
“What? No!” spluttered Dean. “Our whole lives were fighting. Why would I miss that?”
“Dean.” Cas said sharply.  “You said you wouldn’t touch my foot.”
“Later, angel.  I just need to touch you.” And Cas would lie back, gazing up at him with those beautiful blue eyes.  “I love you so much, you know that right.”
“What you have both created. Or so I hear.”
Going grocery shopping, describing what he liked, what he disliked, and what he wouldn’t touch even if he were starving (and he knew what starving was like).
Castiel tried not to show his surprise at Dean's seemingly calm acceptance of the situation.
“I’m worried about Dean.” He said, quietly bending his head to catch Cas’ eye. “He spends so long on his own. It’s not good for him. He was never good when he was alone, you know. I just… I don’t think he’s happy here. Surely if anything he should at least be happy in Heaven.”
“Fresh ground beef, Cas. That’s the stuff great burgers are made from.”
So he made himself scarce every morning after breakfast. He would kiss Dean goodbye and disappear, only to reappear by Jack’s side, offering advice and guidance. Jack was always very happy to see Castiel, was always welcoming, always had something new to show him, excited to get His dad’s opinion. But He didn’t really need help with Heaven any more.
Eileen knew that Sam was worried, but she also knew that he was too afraid to call Castiel after what happened the last time. So she took it upon herself to pray to the angel.
“That wasn’t funny, Dean.  You know my feet are ticklish.”
And they both broke into uncontrollable giggles once more.
There is more to come. Now that we’ve got these idiots together, let’s see what mayhem awaits them...
“That is part of my foot Dean.” Cas started to struggle away.
Dean backed away further, earning a dismayed grunt from Cas, and stroked down over his knees, and maybe Cas was a little ticklish on the inside of his knees too, because he jerked away slightly.  He moved his hands further down.
When he voiced these thoughts to Dean though, he would be pulled into a tight hug only to hear him whisper into his ear “If anyone deserves a piece of Heaven, Cas, it’s you.’ Then he would melt into Dean’s arms as their lips met, becoming lost in one another once more.
“Hello Eileen.” Castiel waved his hand as he spoke. “What can I do for you?”
Cas smiled and followed him.
Despite his pain, Dean could not stop laughing.  “It’s okay, Cas.  You’re obviously ticklish there.  Won’t happen again.  Don’t worry about it.”  Tears streaming down his face, he looked back up at Cas, and immediately cracked up again at the horrified look on his face.
“Of course, Dean. There’s nowhere else I’d rather be.”
“Hunting.” Castiel nodded.
Dean nodded “I get it, Cas, I really do.” He sighed and sat back down. “How long until you have to go?”
“No, it’s not.  The ankle is part of the leg, not part of the foot.  You think you’d know that, angel.” Dean was laughing now.
“He won’t do that. He’s too proud. Can’t you just…?”
Sam had finally managed to persuade Dean and Cas to keep the more X-rated part of their relationship to the privacy of their bedroom (yeah right, Sammy).  So they did… you know… whenever there was someone else in the bunker at least.  Mostly.
“Everything you make is great, Dean.” Cas replied, and Dean beamed back at him.
“I’ve missed you, Cas. So much. Especially since I’ve been here. Heaven was the one place I thought I could count on having you around, and you’ve just been gone.” Dean let him go, and Cas stepped back, somewhat reluctantly.
“Yes. I have been guiding him since I returned to Heaven. It’s the least I could do to thank him for bringing me back.” Cas examined his hands in his lap. “We have done the best we can for everyone.”
“Dean.” He said, not quite so breathy now. “What are you doing?  You know I am ticklish on my feet.  Don’t touch them.”
“Hello Dean.”
Teaching Jack how to cook simple meals, like mac and cheese.  Watching Castiel’s face as he bit into whatever new food he was trying out that day.  Dean took pride in seeing the empty plates.  As someone who had so little when he was growing up, Dean made sure his family were well-fed.  Nobody in his house (bunker, shut up) was ever gonna go hungry.
“It is my foot.”
Jack hugged back extra tight.  “Goodnight Dean.” Smiling as he disappeared.  Disappeared down the corridor to his room, not just POOF disappeared.  He didn’t really do that anymore.
Dean walked past into the kitchen “Fancy a drink tonight? We could meet Sam at the Roadhouse. You know, get a change of scenery.”
Hugging.  Maybe it was something to do with Castiel’s speech about how he was all about love blah blah blah, but Dean had discovered he loved hugs.  Who knew?  (Just about everyone knew, to be honest, Dean had just been in denial.)
Cas was breathing really heavily now, and gently thrusting up into nothing in desperation.
“No. You don’t get it.” Dean caught his hand to stop him, but then he kept a hold of it. “I need you here. With me. I’m so goddamn miserable here, Cas. In Heaven! It’s not enough that Sam is here. That my friends are here. I mean it’s great that they are, of course it is. But it’s not what I need. It’s not what I want.”
Cas looked at him still laughing.  “Shut up.  You…” they were both crying with laughter now.  “You…”
“Hello Eileen.” Cas replied. “It’s very good to see you too.”
Sam sat in the armchair opposite and smiled shyly. “I should have invited you as soon as I got here. I missed you, Cas. Not just here,” he swept his arm out. “but always. I really missed you. And Jack.” He cleared his throat. “Um. How is Jack?”
Castiel looked into Dean’s face, hardly daring to hope that what he thought he could see was real. “Dean?”
Dean and Cas learn to navigate each other, but it isn't easy. News reaches Heaven that could upset the peace, and might cause a rift between our boys. How will they handle this news? Communication was never their greatest strength.
Dean shook his head. “There’s nothing you could say that would keep me away from you. I thought we’d got past all that. I meant what I said when I prayed to you in Purgatory, Cas. You’re my best friend, and I should never have let you go.”
“I’m sure She will, Dean.” Cas replied, with a fond twinkle in his eyes. The relief he felt knowing Dean was not only okay with the news, but that he was actually going to help was overwhelming.  He pulled him into his arms and kissed him hard for a few moments.  “Thank you.”
Tears rolled down Castiel’s cheek as his face broke into a smile.
“No. You don’t see him, Cas. Or do you? Can you see what he’s like? Can you feel what he’s feeling? Is that something you are still attuned to? Is your “profound bond” still, y’know, active, or whatever?” Sam was getting emotional now. “Why haven’t you even been to see him? Why did you wait until I prayed to you? We were friends, Cas. Why haven’t you been to see us?”
Dean snorted as he stepped more fully into the room. “I don’t know what you mean. I’m a joy to be around.”
Dean looked up from where he was leaning against the counter. Bobby was wearing his usual clothing with the same ball cap on his head. Bobby had put down his cup and was now beadily staring at him.
Sighing into the comfort, Sam murmured, “I hope so.”
(食人鬼 "human-eating ghosts"): [CREATURE/SPIRIT] "...the spirits of greedy, selfish or impious individuals who are cursed after death to seek out and eat human corpses." [
Lev muttered, “And Ed and Anna barely in their teens, too.”
“W—we just have to kill the Baku, right? J—just the Baku and we’ll both be right as rain,” he mumbled into Cas’s hair. “Y—you’re going to be okay, Cas. Just...stay with me.”
Now, he was obsessed with a scent. Just a
And she would eat at it until it was gone.
knot! Either way, I want this, Cas.” More softly, he added, trying to hold back desperate tears, “I need it…I c-can’t…”
“I, uh, I can’t afford this,” he stuttered, stopping dead in his tracks.
“Well, you aren’t
Dean shrugged a tiny bit at that, since the young man was a bit on the short side. But most guys seemed a bit short to him at six-feet, so he couldn’t really tell. And the guy was a bit pudgy around the middle, but he wasn’t ugly or anything. He had nice blue eyes and a redhead’s looks, with a fuckton of freckles and dark red hair that was much nicer than most gingers Dean had seen in his life. (Dean didn’t think they were soulless, but sometimes he wondered.)
The boy sniffled hard and tried to contain himself. Behind Sam, Castiel saw Joshua and a bundled up Missouri Mosely standing in the doorway, dark eyes filled with concern.
Missouri smiled as she put the brownies into the oven, dusting her hands of flour as she stood back. “Joshua is an incredibly wise and clever old coot. I’ve always thought so.” She turned to Sam,  with nimble fingers untying the pink ruffled apron she had donned to cook. “Those two have a profound bond that neither really wants to acknowledge for their own reasons I’m sure.”
“Does that mean I can’t take naps?” Dean looked horrified, sitting up on the couch, his shoulders tense.
Sam paused and Dean saw he was still flushed with embarrassment. Dean rubbed his eyes with his fingers and took in a deep breath.
Gabe grinned at him suddenly, all pointy teeth, his tail popping out to wag with suspiciously gleeful speed. “Y’know, you could always ask tall-dark-and-handsome of your dream.”
(Greater tengu): A daitengu is much more powerful and humanoid than a lesser tengu.
Omega had pushed him. He grit his teeth and shuffled carefully around Dean, pulling out a broom from a dust closet, and shutting off the fire alarm with the end of the stick with practiced ease.
Dean knew that weapons like these were used for cavalry battles, when infantry were on the ground and needed the extra reach to knock riders off their horses. He had doubted the sword-spear thing that Gabe had turned into, but, as the thing came at him again, he set the weighted butt of the stick hard into the ground, like he might have if he were trying to survive a horse charge. The wheel-dude nearly struck the upright weapon straight on, but it veered at the last moment, cackling at Dean’s misfortune.
Michael turned and eyed Lucifer, his grip on Dean getting fiercer, while Dean just wanted to escape and go after Cas himself. To present and beg forgiveness. To give himself to the angry Alpha so as to calm him.
She had nearly acquired enough power to try and free a nue, which would help her power up faster, since they were bringers of bad dreams. She smiled cruelly; she was still the devourer of dreams, but now she also ate good dreams, desires, fears, hopes, wishes. She ate them all, leaving a blank slate where they used to group together and motivate the human mind and spirit. To add a nue to the chaos..?
After long discussions with others on the topic, I found out that people mostly thought alpha-scents were comforting to omegas. It made them feel safe. So, IF!! I were to introduce the omega-version of medical-use Slick, it would be something that's generally used for anxiety. The addiction is more like opium, numbing. Probably. So these drugs may not show up, but they exists in my brain.
Dean regaled Sam with his fictional job’s hassles, making the kid laugh. Dean felt his lies were worth it when he was talking about Benny (in a fictional role, although it did happen) falling over a customer and landing face first in a woman’s lap, and Sam snorted chocolate milk out from his nose.
Cas, surprisingly, only made a small fuss when he was moved to the head board of Dean’s bed, and Dean was able to make a shower run, coming back with nothing but a towel around his waist.
He swallowed hard and tried not to tear up, missing the look Sam and Bobby exchanged.
That done, he used his phone’s flashlight to check the interior of the fireplace for more unwelcome guests, and opened the flue. He was glad he had just used his hand because a half pound of dust and ash fell into the open pit. He coughed as it got into his mouth, and he methodically put together the tinder, kindling, and some larger logs from the pile that was set next to the fireplace.
Dean kept his eyes on his knife work, chopping up mushrooms and fresh tomatoes as well. “I know you’re using a lot of your power to heal me, but… I overheard Gabe saying you were going to be downsized if you survived.”
Cas fiddles with his fingernails a bit, picking at the cuticles. “My parents caught up to me in Chicago. I’d been hiding out there, trying to make a living as a singer. I don’t even know how they found me, but they were furious to find out that not only had I been ignoring their demands I follow in their medical footsteps, but I am a lover of men.”
Afterward, as they walked out, Michael praised the establishment to high heaven, Vince sticking to his heel like a piece of dog shit, while Dean was pushed along ahead with Michael’s palm trying to slip over his waist the whole time.
This was an alternative title image. Gorgeous, right?
Both he and the guy stared as the young woman kept just off the main road and smiled, beckoning him with a perfectly manicured hand. The redhead blinked and, unthinkingly, walked in closer. She moved deeper into the mouth of the alleyway and leaned over provocatively, letting the gaping neckline of her uniform reveal a cute, lacy white bra that even Dean could see from his position ten feet away, and the redhead seemed to lose all capacity for rational thought.
“I bet.” Michael grinned at him and popped the berry into his mouth, chewing noisily. “Well, if you stay another week, Thanksgiving is probably going to be lonely for you.” He jerked a thumb behind him, indicating the large hall where their rooms were. “Dad and I are flying out to a conference in Maui, and Mom and the twins have decided to visit her family outside Chicago.”
“But no. You have to rain down destruction.” He slashed at her again, this time catching her thigh, making her cry out again.
because he wasn’t high, and he wasn’t some stupid hormonal teenager.
Each high-pitched noise sounded like a scream. A tiny, sub-sonic scream. It churned his stomach, the vibrations crawling across his skin and making his hair stand at attention. Even worse, each heartbreaking shriek agitated Gabe, the tail inside Dean twisting violently in response to Gabe’s distress.
He pushed through a shoulder-high pile of magical boxes he needed to pack and move to the new storage area Bobby had gotten set up off-site, and was about to sort through the pile of miscellaneous crap that was literally a small mountain of 'things humans should never get ahold of,' when his foot snagged on the curved talon of a clawed walking stick. He tried to catch himself, but gravity was being uncooperative today and made him his bitch: he had managed to avoid the mountain of 'very bad things,' only to fall sideways into a set of sealed glass cases. He felt his elbow smash into one, cutting into his arm, and, when he hit the ground, the case followed, its corner bouncing off his head, while he heard deafening crack somewhere to his left. He grunted in pain, trying to cover his ears, when he heard a definite, “I’m free!”
Whatever Castiel thought he was going to get by coming home, he hadn’t actually been expecting
Sam had no idea what was going on, but it was obvious that Cas was something more than just a bird buddy or a bond-mate. Going by that, Gabe was also in a contract with Dean, and Dean didn’t look like he wanted to wrap the fox in cotton and save him from himself.
It was 930 at night, but the small clothing shop was still open. At least Dean thought it was a clothing shop, until he realized that the word ‘Tailor’ was blazoned across the glass pane in gold lettering.
Cas kept his smile and walked into the kitchen. He put the bag of groceries on the breakfast bar and proceeded to hug Dean as if he were precious, dropping a chaste kiss on his lips. It always made him uneasy being handled so delicately, despite the love that emanated from his angel. “
And then, of course, there was the whoring.
Cas frowned and leaned forward to touch Nikolai’s head. He squinted at the passed out man, tilting his head, and Dean was suddenly worried. “
“Gabriel… I’m not your little brother. Furthermore, yes. I am afraid I cannot move.”
Hell broke loose as Dean threw the engine-oil drenched cloth at Buzz-cut’s face, hitting him square and startling all three alphas. They were obviously not used to omegas fighting back, which made Dean even angrier.
In the long-ass discussion with Cas, Gabe, and Sam, it came down to Cas wanting to get in on the action that he had no power to get in on; Gabe not really giving a shit one way or the other; and Sam getting all of them to see reason.
For now, she could find an (What are they called? Oh yes!)
“OW! What the fuck, Cas! That hurts! Ease up or get off!”
Lucifer winked (winked!) and took off to his room, singing, “Of course! I wouldn’t
He was such a failure as a representative of The Lord, and he knew it.
"My Alpha wants you more than food, than drink, more than anything I have ever thought to desire, including my pledge to the Church."
Cas shook his head and hopped closer. “You will have to recuperate faster. I will sit on your shoulder and that should help.”
Before meeting with Castiel, Sam was always sprayed down with scent neutralizer by Joshua, which Castiel thought was a bit of an overreaction, but considering just Dean’s scent had sent him into an early rut, he supposed that it was fair to take that out of the equation.
“Cassie, you’re pushing yourself, guarding him night and day. Let me help!”
Cas smiled and stepped in close to Dean, wrapping arms around his waist and his wings around them both. “Shall I warm us up?” He murmured, his lips grazing over Dean’s jaw lazily.
She wandered into bars and saw humans polluting their lungs with smelly burning sticks, lusting randomly after each other, and drinking liquor like water until they could no longer stand and often made themselves ill. She didn’t understand it.
Pacific Theater in World War II was against Japan. US forces were in Japan until, well, now. But Occupation of Japan by US forces officially ended in 1951, in effect 1952.
Sam was ready. Castiel was not.
“Bet the big girl loves it. Wears his hair in a ponytail and bounces to school and everything.”
He whipped around and pointed his spatula sharply at Castiel, snarling, "You better not be growling over me, 'cause I don't belong to you or anyone and I never will!"
Dean shook the sword, and felt the fox tail inside his body vibrate with similar anger. It was white-hot and burned like napalm, and he
underneath that. He dreamed of burying his nose in that sinful scent.
Which they weren’t. Absolutely not.
Castiel let his voice trail off questioningly, and the young man said, “Ah, Jeffrey, sir! I’m training under Stuart.”
The Baku gets aggressive. Dreams become nightmares. Sam shows up. Dean has pure Winchester luck.
A possessive growl rumbled out, as Castiel came up for air and couldn’t stop himself from nibbling Dean’s throat, the word
“I… I was…not feeling well,” Dean said hesitantly. His nose was still dead; he suspected that if he got off the suppressant and scent blockers, he’d stink like a rotting fish in mid-summer.
If birds could shrug awkwardly, Dean was pretty sure that’s what the half-wing, half-bow thing Cas was doing would be. He shook his head and rolled his eyes at the raven, and motioned for him to jump up on his shoulder.
. The extra room is for his offices and... stuff.  Just... trust me. Stuff.
No wonder there was suddenly Wi-Fi in the house.
Of course, now that Sam had him pinned, he demanded the full story, which made Dean groan and Bobby chuckle. “I’m gonna go check how the teams are doing.”
Running a hand through his hair absently, he peered out of the window to see a fancy Mercedes sitting next to his baby. Internally he groaned because he had a suspicion of who had landed on his doorstep. He paused to jump into the bathroom and spritz himself down with scent neutralizer, although he was still taking the pills to keep the stench down because he didn’t want to accidently kill Sam with his stink.
: The higher the omega’s level, the stronger their personality. This means that a third-level omega generally is content to be kept because they feel safe. It doesn’t mean they can’t study or do things, but that they are generally physically weaker than alphas. Generally speaking, they are cleverer than alphas and more empathetic than betas. But because third-level alphas are stronger, they tend to abuse third-levels. Alphas forget that omegas are extremely clever to make up for their size and lack of strength. REMINDER: Third-level males cannot breed. Only female omegas can, but third-levels will only birth third-level children (alpha/beta/omega) because their ability to pass on dominant genes are the weakest of the breeding designations.
Bobby hummed for a moment and, hesitantly, said, “Y’know, this might be a good time to get your brother in on this.”
“Yeah, surprising number of the bastards in the world. Just remember, don’t just go in swinging. That’s yer dad’s M.O., not yers.”
to be here.”
himself out of bed because he was afraid of his own body, afraid of how much his Omega screamed and yowled for its Alpha. It scratched and bit at his psyche, making Dean miserable physically, mentally, and emotionally. It split his head with a hideous migraine and made him vomit out bile and foam into his trash can. He suffered from a horrible fever that froze him to the bone then felt like he was being napalmed from the inside out. It was worse than any heat he had ever endured, but there was no sexual desire, just pain and disorientation.
As they get comfortable, Gabe says into the microphone, “Well now! Most of you know that Josie is sadly out for the week! Bronchitis she says.”
things he had thought himself immune to, made him finally think he was not defective and broken for his lack of Alpha traits or desire. The taste of chocolate and cinnamon pralines on his tongue flittered through his mind, and his penis gave an interested and demanding twitch to find Dean and
When he looked back to her, he was taken aback by how fucking
Although Castiel heard Gabriel, it was as if he were speaking from very far away and down a long, empty hallway.
“Well, Sam! What are you doing here? It’s not Thursday.” Joshua held the door open while he scratched absently at his tummy. Today’s sweater was white with red triangles and blue squares, his priest collar and black shirt visible at the neck.
“Do you think you can?” She asked him candidly.
Still, the fact that Dean thought that his overpowering
“She’s going to be disappointed,” Benny said, jutting his chin out a bit in her direction. “The boys here think she is the most beautiful girl in the village.”
It took Dean days to soothe his Omega. It whined piteously in his head, writhing in despair that they had been rejected. It was like actual claws ripping through his innards and Dean wondered if this was what the change felt like: to have their wolf rip out of their bodies, violent and bloody.
Dean nods to himself and drags on his suit jacket, managing not to forget his overcoat and hat at the coat check, and wanders home to jerk off to the idea of having Cas...at...l..?? Cas...tit...
Joshua bent down and reached out a hand to Dean, who blankly stared at it, not sure what had just happened.
The first thing Cas noticed, before even opening his eyes, was that he was cold. Cas rarely actually felt changes in temperature, so the sheer fact he felt cold was
Dean smiled and said, “We are doing some research. Cas, uh, Castiel here is a graduate student in Russian.”
There were a lot of omegas, if the amount of jewel tones and collars were to be believed. Omega wear was often clingy and, even on male omegas, ridiculously sexist. Dean saw obviously male omegas bedecked in figure-hugging dresses and jeweled collars, their mating bites out for anyone to view. It was creepy in a way being a prostitute had not been. The Omegas in Purgatory had their pride and wore whatever they pleased.
If you didn't get the Ark of the Covenant comment... please go watch Raiders of the Lost Ark NOW. NOW!!
, one of our best.”
Dean narrowed his eyes as he backed out the door, gesturing ‘I got my eyes on you’ at the (somehow) grinning bird, and hissed, “So on , Tweety. You’re gonna be a plucked crow. Just you watch.”
Betrayed, Dean grumbled, “I’m not going to sell myself to the highest bidder
Castiel stood up, wiping his still lightly perspiring palms on his sweats, thinking about a hot cup of tea with honey, when his door flew open and a wet bundle flung itself at him. He caught it with a grunt, realizing it was Sam—in a very damp parka—who had gripped him.
“He seems to have a virus,” Cas said calmly, ignoring the paling of faces around him. “But… it’s just like the flu now. When he was woged, it was different. Stronger.”
Cas released him, watching him pull out his flashlight to get to the fireplace, but said, “I didn’t say it would bring me joy, Dean. I said it didn’t
! The one made for him! And he was being
She puffed out suddenly, her hair fanning like an opened umbrella, but Dean didn’t let that stop him as he twirled and swung the sickle at her, feeling the solid hit through the chain. She yowled and grasped her side where the blade was carving into her, a viscous black goo seeping out. Her form flickered for a moment as she staggered, trying to grasp the weapon, but flinching at how it burned her hands. She yowled and backed away as she tried to pull herself together, long nails scraping and burning at the holy wood of the sickle’s handle.
: [BELIEF/SYSTEM] I'm not even going to go into any depth. Buddhism was a reaction to the caste system in Hinduism. In Hinduism, if you are born into a certain class, you are STUCK there until you die, and then you are reborn into a new class system based on your behavior in your past life. The Buddha sought (and found) a way to escape the endless cycle of reincarnation and his teachings help others break the cycle and find Nirvana. There are a lot of branches of this, and they also change according to which country you're in.
Joshua eyed the foam-covered finger pointed at him and burst out into hearty chuckles. “I see. Well, since it seems your relationship with God is rather strained, perhaps being an altar boy is not for you.”
Shrugging, the doctor said, “That’s not my problem, sweet cheeks. It’s a suggestion for you to take or leave.” He grinned and waved lightly. “I’ll see you in two weeks, Dean.”
, and they raped and killed her.”
She was way too old and crazy to be packed off to a trailer park to live it off on her own. But he wasn’t one of her kids and couldn’t say anything to get her into a nice retirement home or something. Her oldest kid, Stacey, was a total beta hag, who looked just like the bitchy soccer-mom stereotype, from the blunt, blond-streaked haircut to the silver minivan. She looked like she was in her forties and she liked to wear jeans with bedazzled pockets. She probably wore baby pink track pants that said ‘juicy’ across the ass. Dean constantly heard her talking shit about Mrs. Green, about how expensive it was to keep Mrs. Green out of her perfectly done hair.
Like Jesus in the desert, tempted by Satan for 40 days and nights, he could ignore his hormones and his urges because he had none. He was—he knew—envied by his (few) fellow alpha clergymen for being stoic in the face of temptation, robotic even. (As often, he was mocked for not being a “real” Alpha, whatever that meant.) Even some betas had problems when faced with waves of omega hormones, while Mr. Level-one Alpha, who should have lost more control as a full wolf, did not.
It was getting late, but the boys didn’t care. The bars near the university were full to capacity and they had had their fill of beer and cheap whiskey. Both of them were still young, and now more than a bit drunk. They stood at the edge of the park and peered in.
Castiel, the giant bird, sighed and looked up to Dean, relief evident. “The tsukumogami has been appeased and its soul has been sent to Buddha. Thankfully it was just a single kasa-obake…and a weak one at that.”
Turning his head so he could roll his eyes, Dean coughed uncomfortably and said, “I wasn’t told, and I’m not exactly dressed to go anywhere fancier than a bar or maybe a diner.”
The game of Laser Tag had somehow ended up very competitive, to the point Michael had ended up annoyed for the rest of the night because Dean’s team had won: he had joined a group of rowdy 12-year olds who had needed one more player, versus a gaggle of 15-year olds and Michael. Michael had learned the hard way that 12-year olds are
Dean held in a groan. “
Overall, the ones that pissed him off the most were the fucking black specter dogs (Cas called them
She drifted off into an exhausted sleep. She had time; soon, soon enough she would have her revenge.
Dean would focus on the command in his voice and used it to get his way, his temper flared and he snapped, “What the
“Because the hunters who had chased down her family in China had followed her to Japan.” Cas settled in the middle of the table, feet tucked under him. “She was part of the original candle of baku.”
escaped him.
Dean paused. “How about just Cas?”
The week of the Christmas party, while cleaning up dinner, Dean ‘fessed up to Sam. “I’m thinking that you’ve guessed by now that I’m
is the Aleut 'general' creator.
Mating was for suckers and simps.
Bobby flipped to the back and reviewed the names of the accused men with a grimace. Judge Zel Masters, Attorney A. Cooke, Governor Uriel Stand, Mayor Zachariah Adler…it was a slew of power players.
Eve couldn’t answer her. She usually did not have to force an invocation. The yōkai just came to her, lured by the scent of her presence and the temporary rip in the universal fabric from a holy creature polluting herself and destroying humans.
Besides, Dean was just peachy without a mate. Just perfect. Awesome even.
“Whatever you want,” he called over his shoulder as he strode towards the doors. Dean ignored the smirk and knowing wink the waiting-area security guy gave him because otherwise he was going to punch his face
The silhouettes on the video, he was told, were small compared to Dean, either slim men or maybe women. They appeared to have ambushed Dean and probably knocked him out with an injection, then they carried him into a white sedan and drove off.
“I don’t care if she’s related to Santa Claus. How do we gank her?”
“Hello, Dean! It’s Michael!”
Scowling, Dean said, “Yeah, okay. Formal wear. Got it.”
She screamed again, this time in agony as blood slipped out of the wound, and the smaller sigils of the spell started to disappear one by one in small, black puffs of smoke.
The waitress nods, "Alrighty, champ. One double scotch, neat. Anything else?"
He was going to miss them.
Dean had rinsed himself off with a hose behind the store, ignoring his shaking hands as he scrubbed at his hair and shirt, and the feeling of violation and filth that had crept up his spine and that had made him nauseous and dirty.  He had focused, instead, on using the money to buy cereal, milk, bread, peanut butter and jelly. It was enough food to last them at least the week. He had also bought a candy bar to share with Sam, and had hidden the rest of the money—still a good twenty bucks left—because they would need it.
It’s not a new story that the City devoured them instead. It was more just
?” He pushed himself forward, to put one foot in front of the other, and grumbled, “Stupid fucking bird! I told him to not do that! Why doesn’t he ever listen to me?!”
Benny just watched him, eyes cautious yet sympathetic.
Of course, his mother was standing in the hall entrance, staring at them. Castiel shrugged as Jo stood at attention, and said, “Jo and I are as close as Hael and I.”
Fidgeting, Sam replied, “Yeah, but…he’s out dating some alpha without Deacon Castiel knowing, and Bishop Joshua says that those two basically have to figure it out themselves or it won’t work.”
Dean threw his hands up, “You keep saying that, bu—“
Dean sighed. “Alright. If we ask the family, can we get in?”
There's not even room for Cas to help, and Dean thinks about how if he weren't red with pain and heat, he's be red hot with embarrassment.
That was how Dean found himself in black leather pants and a tuxedo vest, with the requisite collar with a bow tie attached.
“Might be botulism,” he says, picking up a severely dented can that had probably been thrown away by a store.
Abram shook his head. “How? He was with Katia the whole time she was ill. He was also getting ill, so it couldn't have been him, right?”
“D-did you just...
“After Katia? Yevgeniy, her husband’s best friend, started to get ill. He wanted to go to Homer, but Nikolai refused to let him. Said the Cete’s problems were the Cete’s problems.”
Abram smacked his brother’s arm. “Hush, man! What if that is why He brought His wrath upon us?” He booted Nikolai from the other side, causing the man to wince and snap at his leg. “Nikolai. Tomorrow the Grimm will come with us into the Sett. Let him see. He has already figured out more in one day than we have in a month.”
A letter.
Dean didn't really know what he was talking about. Dying? Confessing his love just before dying? Leaving in a more general sense?
The last one standing, in this Bunker that had once been home.
Dean knew he was hovering. He had moved to sit on the bed, just next to Cas. The chair had felt too far away. Cas was here. He wasn't dead now, but he had been, again. Dean had spent weeks thinking Cas lost forever.
“Yes, Dean, I love you too. We're family. You've told me I'm like a brother to you and Sam.”
“Because it is.”
Or had he understood everything wrong? He'd probably die of shame, or maybe of heartbreak. Dean rubbed the bridge of his nose and swallowed heavily. No, he'd be fine. He hadn't thought Cas loved him before, if it was platonic that was entirely fine.
He could feel Cas' breathing change, just a hint of a surprised intake of breath.
No one was in the kitchen, the library or the war room. There were no empty bottles strewn about, no books lying around. It was tidy, there were only a few traces left of Sam and Dean.
Dean would have a chance to talk to Cas. Would have a chance to tell him. Tell him everything, like Cas had told him, so openly, so honestly.
Cas is still sitting in the crater he had landed in when his phone starts ringing.
He sat down in the booth, on the bench next to his angel.
"Saving you." Dean keeps painting the signal as he speaks.
Dean practically drags Cas to the nearest wall, taking the blood still on his angel's palm, every second matters now.
So, a ritual. A spell. Some smoke.
Tell people about the Winchesters and the sacrifices they had made.
It had been Eileen first, obviously. Telling Sam she wanted to see Cas too, after his miraculous return from the Empty thanks to Jack. The two of them had interrupted Cas and Dean stealing kisses during a very late breakfast the morning after their first date. Sam hadn't been surprised in the least. Well, maybe surprised that they'd actually managed to figure out they had spent the past decade or so pining for each other, but not about them being in love. Eileen had simply hugged them both and given them her congratulations.
Empty chairs at empty tables, no Sam studying the lore, no Jack playing board games in the small hours of the night, no Dean.
“Promise. Dean, I'll find my way back.”
When Cas starts talking about a deal, Dean freezes. Why now? Why spend their last minutes on Earth telling him he was going to die for Jack?
“Dean, this is the only way!”
He couldn't say who had actually started the kiss, but it was the closest to Heaven that he'd ever been.
What was he supposed to say? He didn't want to be lost for words when the time came, so Dean would just have to rehearse them and stick to them. He could do that.
Cas wandered over to the large table in the war room. Someone had added his name to the initials, added him to the family. But what did that matter, if his family wasn't around?
He might as well pull out all the stops. So he moved, knelt, folded his hands like a good Christian was supposed to.
Cas swallowed.
Dean was one human, a normal guy who liked burgers and pie, too angry most of the time. And an angel of the lord had fallen for him, in nearly every way. How was a guy supposed to understand that?
He hung up. The music he was playing was the very same mixtape he'd made for Cas, his top 13 Zepp Tracks on repeat.
For Jack? Was Cas truly that insecure?
They were free. They had won.
“Why does this sound like a goodbye?”
“Hello Dean. What happened?”
Luckily, however, when Cas and Dean had taken her to the side to explain the situation to her she had simply rolled her eyes and asked them if they thought she was stupid, or blind.
He could try drinking the pain away, numbing the ache with alcohol, but he already felt so empty. Once upon a time he might've tried to fill that empty with girls and sex, but the mere thought made him nauseous now.
Dean sits on the floor, stunned, feeling as if the Empty had taken him too, numb, like his heart had been torn right out. In a way, he supposes, it had been. Cas had had his heart for years now after all.
He hadn't been able to speak, not even to beg Cas not to die, not to tell him everything Dean had never dreamed to hear only to leave him behind just after. A split second of happiness before Cas was taken away. It felt like Dean was just as empty as that terrible void that had swallowed his best friend in front of him. The best friend he had wanted something else with. The best friend he had wanted to kiss, for so long.
“Why what?”
“Don't do this, Cas!”
That should make it clear, right? But just to be safe, Dean took another deep breath, and looked Cas in the eyes, those lovely blue eyes it was so easy to get lost in.
Cas had loved him through all those rejections, when he sent him away from the bunker as a newly human, when he told him everything that went wrong was Cas' fault. It didn't make any sense.
As Cas and Dean got themselves ready for bed, brushing their teeth, changing into their pajamas, very much domestic, Dean let himself think back to how each member of their family had made time to welcome Cas back after his return. Because Cas was part of their family too, and they had all missed him, especially Claire, no matter how rocky their start may have been.
“And I'm sure Sam sees you that way. Not me though. Brother is platonic.”
In Purgatory, he had told Cas he should've asked him to stay.
He looks up, sees Cas smiling at him even as the blackness pierces his back, looking like the wings Cas had flashed him that first time they met, swallows Billie, and flows over Cas' body, his face.
Cas had saved him from Hell, gripped him tight and raised him from perdition. Maybe it was time to return the favor.
Maybe he and Cas would hunt, or maybe they'd manage the Bunker, the Men of Letters heritage, that wasn't as clean as they had once thought. What they'd done to Mrs. Butters. The monster radar that didn't pay attention to whether those monsters murdered people or not. But they could be better. They could hunt and still eat apple pie and make burgers. Charlie had done it. They had seen plenty of people do it. Or maybe Sam and Eileen would take over the Bunker, the Men of Letters, and Dean could open a bar, reopen the Roadhouse.
Sure, they'd had Christmas with Mrs. Butters, but that hadn't been in December, and Cas hadn't been there either. And what was Christmas without their family? All of their living family.
“Goodbye, Dean.”
“Well, it was something you said. The Empty doesn't care about humans. I'm no longer an angel, so it doesn't care about me anymore. I only had to cut out my grace. I've been falling in all the ways, for years. It's a choice I'm more than happy with.”
Death, pounding at the door. A sigil sparking, the wards failing. They have minutes to live. Dean finds himself walking around the chair in the devil's trap, thinking. His mind is racing, all the possibilities, all the ways this can end. Because it will end.
Cas' smile was beautiful, so very happy.
It seemed like that had been the most frequent reaction. Telling them congratulations, but not really a surprise.
He had found it here after a long drive one day and now he seemed to come back to it more and more often. In fact he was finding it harder to leave each time. It was the one place that he really found peaceful in this entire supposed paradise.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Sorry.” Castiel tilted his head and squinted his eyes. Dean gulped, to finally see that look on his friend’s face again after all this time. “I didn’t mean to frighten you.”
Castiel sighed and rubbed the back of his neck with his hand – a habit he knew he had picked up from Dean. “He is hiding. From Sam, and from the others. He’s hiding from me. I don’t think Dean wants me to interfere. He knows he can call on me if he wants to… talk.”
It was his own unspoken love language.
“Please Castiel.” She thought “I am worried about Sam and Dean. Heaven should be a place where we can all be happy. Please come, Cas. We need your help.”
“It’s LIVER, Cas. Its slimy and it tastes like blood.” Dean shuddered.
Castiel would always turn around to kiss Dean desperately, telling him without words that they were okay, and that there was nothing to forgive. They would touch and caress, moving perfectly in sync, finally falling asleep with their legs tangled together, so that by morning all was forgotten and things were back to normal again.
Dean closed his eyes. He willed himself to not pray, he clenched his fists, set his jaw. He would NOT pray, would not think his name. That was the one thing he could not do, because he couldn’t let himself go there. He was ashamed that he wanted to so badly, but he couldn’t bring himself to do it.
Castiel was so proud of his son. He was everything his vision had promised, and more. Heaven was the paradise it was always supposed to be under Jack's control.
Dean chuckled, but it lacked humour. “Yeah. Never got the chance to really live after all the fighting. Not like you did.”
“But I didn’t realise that instead of ankles you had a FOOTNECK.”
“Okay.” Castiel lay down again, although he seemed less desperate now.
Eileen poked her head in from the kitchen. “Hi Castiel.” She said, signing his name with a huge smile. “It’s good to see you again.”
Castiel jumped up and grabbed Dean's hand. “No Dean, of course not. Being with you here, it's been the best part of my life. You know it has.”
Sitting out in the sun.  Dean had always hated it.
“Of course Dean. If that's what you want.” replied Cas, somewhat distractedly.
“That’s never all you were, Dean. Not to me, not to the people who cared about you.” Sam looked down at his feet. “But it was a huge part of what made you happy. It’s only natural that you’re bored without it.”
Castiel sighed “It's nothing Dean. You don't need to concern yourself.”
Dean reached up and tapped Sam’s huge hand. “Thanks man, I know.” Then he looked out again as Sam walked into his house and let the door close behind him.
Dean groaned “You’re a dork, you know that.” but any more words were lost as his angel took his breath away once more.
“I need to talk to you,” Dean said, pushing his way into the apartment.
Dean nodded and made a beeline for the spare room. Gently, he laid Castiel out on the bed and started to remove the blood-stained trench coat, then his shirt. Dean felt his breath pitch, he had never felt so many emotions or feelings at a single time.
The first time Dean had woken up with no pain in what felt like decades. The sky bright blue above him, a cool breeze of summer air whispering through the pine trees around him. Birds singing their songs, and off in the distance cars drove, and life continued as though Dean Winchester had not been to Hell and back. But that did not matter because when Dean Winchester opened his green eyes he was looking up into glowing blue ones. He gasped, but not out of fear. His heart skipped a beat, and he knew he was safe. Everything would be okay.
