“It’s late.”
Tony puts the container down and grasps Steve’s hand, making the living god help him to his feet. He resists Steve’s encouragement, inwardly cursing at the man but at the same time curiosity blossoms, warm and expansive in his chest. The thought that Steve cares and wants to do something, even in the ridiculous, slightly insulting way, shines through to Tony. He can’t help but smile.  Steve leads him out on the grass, holding him like he’s a child just trying out new skates. Tony glances around; they aren’t the only ones here in this little corner of the park. Over near the next copse of trees, a couple next to each other but with their phones drawing their attention. Directly in front of them a group of elderly gentleman and women play chess. To the side, Tony can hear children playing, but the data detector of the glasses is too weak to pick up the signal. The chess players look a little cartoonish due to their distance and the issues he’s had with signal to noise ratios and resolution. When Tony looks at Steve, the scene resolves, and he can see the fine details of his personal assistant.
“Divert the Fleet to find one lost soldier? How would that look for the most powerful prince in the Conclave?” Steve shakes his head and sniffles. He’s crying again. “I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have ruined this for you. I’m a mess today.”
“That’s true, as far as I know,” Rhodey says, but shrugs. “There’s a possibility they might have had something covert going on, I could look into it for you. I can’t promise anything.”
Tony shook his head and shrugged. “It felt like a math problem to me so I just did what was natural.”
Hesitant, Tony scans the dark cave, wonders if he should wake Steve – he’s obviously having fever induced nightmare. If his wounds are infected, Tony’s screwed. Gathering himself, Tony crosses the small distance, only to see the same aura around Steve. It’s fainter this time, almost like an after image, or a blurred photograph as if the photographer captured Steve in motion.
“Is it?”
“Thanks,” Steve says though his words sound anything but grateful.
“You may give a false name if you please.”
The lion looks away from Tony toward the cave wall as if denying blindness.
“I don’t think so. Not when you’re caught with your pants down.” Steve shoves Rumlow’s pants passed his hips to his knees with a precisely placed booted foot at the crotch. If he drags the reinforced toe along his balls, well that’s an added bonus.
Also I am scheduled for surgery on April 16 which might delay chapters for a bit, but I do hope to get Chapter 9 posted before April 22.
Stumbling forward, Steve falls into Tony’s arms. He buries his head in Tony’s hair, his whole body trembling. The structure of Captain America crumbles in his arms. Tony is responsible for destroying it. Something dark and horrifying wells up. He strokes Steve’s back and tries to comfort him all the while feeling like a traitor.
“It’s a night thing then?” A lot of what happened to Steve directly after he was rescued remained muddled in his brain.
They stay silent in the face of his anger, his confusion, his failure. “For years. For years. I did his bidding. He controlled my very soul and he poisoned who I am.”
“And leave you to be succor for him for an eternity. I don’t fucking think so,” Tony says. “I won’t have it.”
Taking her hand, Tony grasps it. Her fingers are slender but strong. He always thought of her as powerful but graceful. Her fragrance reminds him of lilacs in springtime. “Much better.”
“Steve? I need the uniform back to get it altered,” Pepper calls.
He resolves to call in reinforcements (call Wanda – call the Brothel – call someone) so that he can get his head back in the game. It is a game. It’s not real life. None of this is his real life. His real life entails sitting in the lounge, waiting for his latest client, going to a pod room, getting fucked, and then getting paid. It’s a no brainer. He’s not the prince’s consort. He’s the prince’s temporary whore. His heart clenches in his chest when he thinks about it.
“Now I’m caught.” He offers his hand. “Tony. And this is my matchmaker daughter, Morgan.”
Pepper reports out after she informs him that his glass of water is at 1 o’clock above his bowl. “The gala is all set. I was able to secure both Hank and Jan. It was a last minute arrangement and you will owe them big time. Hammer isn’t coming, and I know you’re happy about that one.”
“I’m afraid it is nothing more than oats and water. It’s all I could get from them,” Yinsen says. He sprinkles a little of the sugar he’s been hording into the pot. “It’ll be fine.”
“I’d be back in the slums,” Steve finishes. “Yeah, I get you, the West kind of evens that all out.”
Clint followed behind him. “And your shield is a pain to check, right?”
Tony claps him on the shoulder. “You will. You always do. I trust you Rhodey. And yes, he’s my husband. Steve Rogers, meet Colonel James Rhodes. Rhodey meet Steve. I like to call him Blu.
Now, he loves. He loves something unattainable. He shouldn’t even admit to loving a lion, a beast. He really is screwed up in the head. A sob shudders through him.
Carefully, Steve places it aside, and then washes Tony’s chest one more time. He checks each of the battery wires, and then disconnects them, hoping he’s right for once. If this is what he thinks it might be, he needs to remove what’s implanted in Tony’s chest first. He’ll only have minutes to do it, the shrapnel will move and kill Tony if Steve doesn’t do it right.
Tony lumbers on toward the cave opening, readying his flamethrowers. He bursts out into the heat of the desert day with flames scorching a clean path for him. It’s powerful, beautiful, and all too familiar. The pain of loneliness etches a hole in his chest deeper and wider than the arc reactor planted there. Then as he’s trying to take flight, Blu surges forward nearly knocking Tony on his ass. The lion gives a wicked roar and leaps into the air, shielding Tony from the oncoming terrorists. In the armor, Tony launches into the air – a free and wild thing. The arc of his flight may be perfectly symmetric and easily calculated from a physics point of view but from his – it’s only a terrible, wonderful thing. He screams as he flies. Knowing he’s free is all he really needs right now; the hell of his captivity is over. It doesn’t matter if he dies when he impacts the sandy earth below – it only matters that he freed himself.
He flies.
“I think I surprised you and the whole fake world freaked your brain again.”
“What do I do?” Steve sighs. His bones feel like jelly; his muscles like noodles. He’s never going to have the strength to get up again, to walk again, not with this weight wrapped around him.
“Yeah, so am I. But things are better now,” Natasha said and when he peered at her he saw her bobbing her head as if to convince herself.
“No, the virulence has been engineered out of the vector.” Strange touches the large monitor and pushes through a few data slides. He gets to a cartoon of virotherapy. “Essentially, we’re using the virus as a tool. All of the damaging parts of the virus’ genome have been removed. All that you have is what we need.”
“Electronics, hands, lightning.” Thor touches his lips. “It’s wonderful, Steven. You should show him. This is only a sketch. Your talent exceeds your humble attitude.”
In seconds, Tony planted himself on top of Steve and removed his fingers. Steve gasped and Tony positioned himself, making sure to add lube before he breached Steve. Under him Steve shuddered and, for a stunning moment, he parted his lips with awe. He splayed his hands out against the bed, gripping the sheets until Tony thought he might rip them. Steve’s cock spilled over his belly yet stayed hard as Tony thrust into him. Moaning, Steve urged Tony to continue. The world around them faded and the tenement apartment no longer existed. Tony wasn’t sure where he was or when he was. All he knew – all he understood – was Steve. Their souls bound and wove together.
The next steps were Bucky. Natasha dug up old contacts from Russia and got a dossier on Bucky. She told him not to pull on that thread and then took off for a few weeks of R and R. He understood that she needed time to process, that she had to figure out who she really was. Hell, in some ways, he felt the same. When Natasha left a part of his soul mourned but he knew she would be back, eventually. Bruce hung around to ensure that Steve had healed completely before he begged off to go back to New York. Steve wanted to ask about Tony; he knew the Bruce and Tony were close. though he never summoned up the courage.
The envelope of darkness falls over him and he stands in the center, alone, but then the pitch black shifts and the robes of the Soul Keeper come into focus. Still his hood obscures his face.
The grief pulsed through the bond and Tony read it, though the complexity confused him until he realized that Steve’s sorrow grew from his love for Bucky as well as his love for Tony. Steve said in a low voice, “You don’t have to come with us. If you need to sit this one out, we can deal. Somehow. Maybe we could call your friend in the air force in. But right now, I have to do this. Once we get him, I’ll bring him somewhere else. I’m sure that Fury and Nat know of safe houses where we can go.”
is to take care of his well-being. In my definition that does not only mean sex, sorry Duchess, but that’s the way I see it. I’ve only been a brothel worker for a little over two months, but I’m well regarding and sought after for a reason. Because I care about my clients. And not just about getting them off. Taking care of their needs extends beyond the bedroom.” He stops and exhales heavily.
“So good. Tony, please more. More.”
Tiberius boils but only sticks with a fake smile. “Well, then the gang’s all here.”
They sit down to eat; Tony strategically waiting for Steve to see if he prays or anything before dinner. In the confines of the Tower or the new Avengers’ campus, Tony never saw Steve in the actual act of prayer, but since they are being open with each other he might do it now. He doesn’t.
“Okay then.”
Ignoring her, Tony pulls out his phone again and scrolls through his news feed. It’s all about the attack on Manhattan and how well the new Avengers did with stopping it before it spread. They’re highlighting the newest members, Falcon, the White Wolf (aka Winter Soldier), Black Panther, etc. There are interviews of scared citizens thanking the Avengers. The whole of it smears in Tony’s view because he cannot stop from crying. He clicks off the news and then stares at his phone – slowly, his thumb hits the Stark browser.
The cabin is close. He needs to get them out of the wind and the snow. Glancing up at the sky, the fierce dark clouds urge him to move, to get to warmth. “Looks like a storm.” Steve grapples and searches around to find the battery. He does and scoops it up before he stands. Going to Shield, he stuffs it back in her saddle bag.
“For my friend here, he’ll have a mango with an extra power pump. I’ll go berry with just the regular power pump,” Sam said. “Extra large for him. Large for me. Charge it to the room. 502.” The man nodded and began to prepare their drinks. Sam smiled at Steve. It wasn’t one of joy but of understanding. “Been a long few days.”
“Bucky, it isn’t like Stark Corp is feeding off of the Rims and Outers, it isn’t like that at all. You know that. He’s got humanitarian missions and foundations,” Steve says and feels his throat tighten up. “That’s it, I’m not fighting about this with you. This is my duty, I have to do what I’m assigned.”
“We bought them last night after the paparazzi snapped photos of us together. I think we fixed your issue with your boss. No one is going to think you’re sleeping with him anymore.”
“I’m sorry about this, Bruce.” Steve ventures.
“Rolling out the sir. I must have done something wrong,” Tony says.
“Can you just not?” Steve says and pushes her away.
Tony rolled his eyes and sighed. “We could make this fun. Like use the bed, be like teenagers. Sweat it out a little.” When Steve only glared at him, Tony sighed again. “Fine, have it your way.” He closed his eyes. After a minute he muttered, “I feel silly.”
Suddenly, Steve finds his breakfast fascinating. “Yeah. I know. I saw.”  With that pronouncement he falls silent.
“But still you went into more classic drawing. Studio and comic book?” Tony asks. He already knows. He’s done his homework – well, Pepper’s done the homework for him and he’s a fast learner.
"Hey."
He covers Bucky with the quilt and stays by his side for moments longer to ensure that he will not wake. When he's convinced that his friend is truly asleep, he leaves the room to go down to the main office of the jailhouse. Everyone is there, milling about, but Tony and his friend Happy. Steve doesn't spot Tony anywhere.
“No, I mean, other than the beatings?”
“I’m not jealous.” His heart speeds up and he’s glad the heart monitors aren’t connected anymore. “I’m not.”
Bruce looks like he just rolled out of bed and Tony’s strained tone doesn’t move him at all. “It’s nothing bad. Steve’s still in stable condition last I checked.”
“To-Tony?” Steve murmurs. It hurts. Everything hurts.
Bucky attacks the cage over Steve's head and face. He grips the sharp metal bars and realizes even as he does that the metal will cut and he cringes as it slices into his flesh hand. He yanks at it but Steve wails in response weakly batting at Bucky trying to stop him.
“Okay.”
“Tony, I-.” He stops and accepts the gauntleted hand offered to him. “I didn’t think I would find you.”
“That doesn’t make you a disappointment,” Sam said. “I don’t believe the mother of Steve Rogers would be that judgmental.”
Buck smirks at him, in that way he always did – a half crooked smile with those charming blue eyes. “I heard you’re sweet on Stark.”
“Yes, please.”
“Sorry I forget the thing about cats and sleeping for 22 hours a day. Is that the same for big cats?”
His play to stop Steve is weak and pathetic, so Steve continues his work, carefully and gently scrubbing at the infected flesh.
While in front of Steve, the V-Corps agents acquiesced to Tony’s needs, but then they’d beaten and stabbed Steve. Tony had protested, screamed for them to stop, but the V-Corp agents dragged him away with a blanket over his head, supposedly for protection – but Tony suspected to hide the evidence of what’d they’d done to his human mate. They locked him in vampire strength shackles and kept him in just enough of the growing light of the van to keep him weak. By the time they arrived at the Triskelion, it was night and Tony had grown stronger. They’d needed prods and seven different V-Corp agents to escort him into the building. He demanded to know where Steve was, yelled to be in contact with Fury, and threatened each and every one of them he came in contact with, but it made no difference. They’d processed him as if his rantings bored them.
As he lie in bed, he missed his old flat in Brooklyn – not the one SHIELD had rented for him, but the one he’d shared with his mother. On sleepless nights, he could listen to the calls of his neighbors below, the honk of horns, and the noise of life. Occasionally, the rain would patter against the panes and would lull him to sleep.
“No, they won’t,” the omega says and there’s a tiredness in his expression that longs for death. “You’ll never convince them to let me go.”
“Thank you for coming. I didn’t know if you were on Earth.”
“In the material yes. He’s not a poor little rich boy, but he is a man starving for a reason to keep fighting,” Steve says and then sighs. He runs a hand through his already messy hair.
His hackles rose. The flash of Pepper falling and being engulf by the flames blinded him of everything. He blinked several times and took a long swig of his drink. “You know what, you come in here and attack me, for what? What do you want, Natasha? We have better things to do then to rehash the past, like Pepper said.” Inwardly he cringed. Part of him longed for those days, not the glory of the Iron Man, not the cocoon, but the calling. It spoke to him.
Without a second thought, Steve races up the stairs, taking the broken steps two at a time. He shoves past Darcy and mumbles an apology and enters the room. There's blood pooling on the floor beneath the cot, there's the stench of metal and iron, and festering wounds. He steels himself, forcing the lurking memories away to focus on the present and not the terror of the past.
“There is the other?” Wong asked after a long few minutes of silence.
“No. You still have significant healing to do and you do have some scarring that’s not likely to go away. But you’re going to live. Don’t be fooled Tony, your recuperation is going to be difficult and long. That’s one of the reasons you’re in Wakanda. Plus, you saved the world So, there’s that.” Bruce smiles. “Oh and here he is.”
Not safe. Nothing about life is safe. Nothing can be safe. It knows this small fact. Survival was not assured. Survival should not be the plan.
Steve only waves at him and slips out through the backdoor. A well sits behind the building with a wide trough near it. It makes for a decent wash when he can’t get to the stream outside of Avenge to bathe. Setting his shirt on the steps to the building, he grabs the cake of soap and dips it into the frigid waters. He hisses but continues his wash, his back toward the door to the prison house.
“Nothing to get worked up about,” Bruce muttered.
Steve squeezes his lips together and shook his head. “I guess not.”
Steve pulls out and then shoves in, then pulls out and shoves in. Then as Tony whimpers against the feeling, he sets up a pace that Tony tries to follow but can’t. He keeps the rhythm slightly broken and frustrating (to them both). He wants it to last as long as it can. Tony thumps his fists on the bed.
Steve only grimaced at him in response, but then Doctor Strange joined them and considered the marking. “It is the mark of the soul. He’ll choose his pack in the next few years.”
“That’s precisely why we have to do it now,” Steve said. The towel he wore slung low on his hips and the water from the shower still glistened over his shoulders and pectoral muscles. He looked delightful and Tony wanted time to devour him. The hunger to taste was no longer there, but it was – in a different way. They’d slowly made their way back to each other. Tony never bit anymore, not even a nibble. That one afternoon on the balcony resonated with Tony, the way they fit together in the softest, most tender way. It helped Tony accept his new transformation as well as led him toward a vision of a future with Steve. Though they hadn’t made love, it had felt like it – more so than it ever had for Tony. He needed that connection. From that afternoon until this morning, they hadn’t strayed from one another’s side. The intimacy of being with Steve deepened Tony’s connection with him.
Tony gasps. Why did it never occur to him? If there were feral omegas out there, they had to come from somewhere. Steven is right. Tony sits up and stares down at his omega. “Steven.”
“Yeah, I know,” Stark says and doesn’t elaborate.
This chapter is mainly dialogue. We will have a chapter soon that will go into what an Imprint is.
Even though Steve wants nothing more than to drop into bed, he ignores it as he enters his bedroom suite. He shrugs off his clothes and goes directly to the shower. Turning on the faucets he steps into the stone tiled shower, closes the glass doors. The water beats down on him and he closes his eyes, thinking about Tony. He hasn’t thought about his art or his comic book story in a while. It’s really all been about Tony. Even his drawings for his book have transformed into Tony. He smiles. He wishes he hadn’t screwed up so badly on the drive. But still, Tony is a force, a tidal force. A gravitational force. Steve can’t seem to not want to be near him. On his days off, Steve finds reasons to hang around close to the house. Sure, he’s run the island, even swam in the frigid waters, but more often than not he doesn’t leave. Tony’s even offered to have him go overnight to the mainland to get away. Steve’s never taken him up on it.
“You really think he’s not going to die?” Tony failed to speak over a whisper, the words held power and a part of Tony – a tiny part – feared voicing them would make it true.
After his shower and shave, Tony peeks out of the bathroom and notes he’s alone. Steve even took his stuffed toy lion. His heart does a fancy loop on that one, but he did give it to him. Tony dresses in jeans and a black t-shirt, leaving his feet bare. He needs coffee and something sugary. Probably should eat veggies since his diet has centered around meats and fish for the last few weeks. Well, fruit will be good enough. “JARVIS, make sure I have fruit and blueberry pancakes for breakfast.”
“No, no, I’ll come by after that cup of coffee, sound good?” Tony says and Phil only nods in agreement.
“I did,” Steve said. “But I don’t think so. I think the universe made me truthful to myself.” He nodded as if having an internal conversation. “Being truthful to yourself is the first step to happiness in some ways.”
Fury must be insane to think that Steve can save Tony’s soul and his life from his situation. He wants Steve to fail.
“Now who’s a plebeian?” Steve chuckles as he carries the bowls of steaming stew to the fireplace. He doesn’t question the pizza pan turned table. He returns to bring the bread, butter, and salt with pepper. “I usually don’t salt too much as I cook. I like people to decide for themselves.”
Steve clears his throat and points toward the front bedroom. “If you don’t mind, I’d like to have this one since it has a different view from the others and the living room. It’ll give me good practice with my sketching.”
They leave the overgrown garden by the cottage and as they march farther away from it, Steve peers over his shoulder to see only a pergola left as if the cottage never existed at all. He doesn’t question it; this realm is not reality. It’s something apart from real. He speaks as they walk through the marshes of orange and yellow light and ripples of water.
It’s Steve turn to scoff at her words. “I don’t think so. You didn’t see him. You didn’t hear him.” He still hasn’t confessed to anyone, not even Sam, how Tony said Steve didn’t deserve the shield. The one identity that meant something to Steve and that held him together in his darkest days. The one thing he hated to think about retiring but considered with Accords.  Throughout the modern world, he used Captain America as a crutch, a thing he could hold onto and always know who he was even through the maelstrom of being a man out of time. He doesn’t think anyone truly appreciates his displacement, his personal diaspora. “Bucky is all that I have.”
“Do you know the show position, omega?”
“Yes, always.” Tony turned around and offered his arm to Steve. “Let’s go and stroll down the river walk and see the sights. You’ve been closed away for too long and I need to see the sun.”
“You want him to forgive Bucky, but maybe it’s time that you forgave Tony,” Nat says. Her expression turns more oblique, harder to read. “Think about it.”
Steve stares away from Tony, out into the growing night. “I didn’t have a choice. I wanted to stay here.” He mutters something under his breath.
He reaches it and begins freeing the innards of the makeshift magnet. Tony squirms, swallowing and grunting as he tries not to move under Steve’s hands.
Tony smiled and winked at Steve. “Maybe you should.”
And Tony?
While he’d challenged Stark the first time he’d met him, he finds himself on the opposite side of the equation.
His own guttural cry splits the night, and he trembles from the pain. He’s cleaved in two from it. Some part of his soul, the soul connected to the Keeper withers but fights and struggles for purchase. It’s infected like an evil viper clinging to life through feasting on his truth, the center of himself, his core, his soul.
“No, no.” Steve dropped his gaze and shook his head. “It’s more than that. Like if I’m working with them, training, I can tell where they are. What they’re doing, what they’re facing. Natasha and I used it a lot when we worked together at SHIELD. In fact, it came into play when we faced the Winter Soldier, Bucky, in DC. He was after her, had shot her in the shoulder – I knew exactly where he was because of her and the bond.”
“God, Tony, please. Please I need to come. Please,” Steve nearly cried the words. His breathing came in short gasps, panting over Tony. It felt like Tony breathed the air himself. It suffused through him like the warming rays of the sun.
“A bully stick,” he stops. It’s official name is shock rod. Bully stick is what’s used on Brooklyn. “Shock rod. Impact on my calf, lower back, and abdomen. It’s not bad. Tony brought me back to his quarters had me take a bath and is feeding me electrolytes and other stuff.” He picks up one of the electrolyte drinks.
“Yes, sir, you could.”
“Dummy is a nitwit,” Estane said. Tony had only frowned but Estane had a tendency to hate the little pup, often kicking it or chasing it away. “An omega is a dog with a mind. And that is dangerous. You want it to kill you in your sleep?  Go ahead and treat your omega like you treat Dummy.”
Steve does not answer, he only moans and buries his face in the dirt and gravel of the floor.
The omega curls his face into his shoulders and tightens his hands into fists. Tony glances up and down his body, sees the fine sheen of sweat, the tiny tremors that a sub-omega could never hide, and the proud erection still dripping between his legs.
Shaking his head, Steve puts up his hands to stop her. “Really there’s no need to apologize. My registration at the station is whore. That’s true, there’s no reason to be ashamed of it. I’m proud of the job I do and what I can do for my clients.”
Steve snarls at him, “It wouldn’t be messy at all if you didn’t interfere. It was fine. I made the deal-.”
“No, what you said in the recording? How I don’t see you and you want me to see you?” Tony asks. He plays with his cloth napkin. Maybe he doesn’t want to broach the subject so intimately, so he steers it in another direction. “Is it the way rich people treat all servants? Is that how I act?”
Tony curls onto him and, without pause, Steve wraps his arm around him. “I don’t want you to be a replacement for him. I want to know you, Tony. I want to get to know everything about you. I want to know how you tick. I want to know why we’re-.” He stops and swallows as if he’s hard to face.
“GAH!” Tony comes in long hot spurts – white strings decorating his chest and belly. Just the sight of him, debauched and filthy launches Steve and he pounds into Tony once, twice, and then he’s coming hot and heavy into Tony. He comes and comes, emptying his balls into the prince until it’s painful and dry. He drops down. His brain mush, his limbs tingling, and his head blank with pleasure.
Sam nods. “Like you really care about me, not like some of the other workers. They’re just here to do the job.”
As they talk, Tony sees Steve relax like he’s never witnessed before. He’s careful with how he responds to Tony’s questions, but he shares. When he looks at Tony, meets his eyes, there’s a kindness and affection there that Tony only dreamed and wished for – but there’s always a wariness. They lay in one another’s arms and Tony thinks how the night lightens to dawn that he would pay for a day, a week, a year, or forever if it meant he felt like this always, accepted and at peace.
The water stopped. Steve quaked as the cold water dripped down his naked body. He groaned in the back of his throat. A respite didn’t last long as Ross commanded ‘the lines’ to be activated. Something hissed above him and Steve raised his gaze to study the chains. The chains altered, and Steve cringed, waiting for them to go back into rack position, but they didn’t. Instead he heard a crackling. A blue arc of electricity and Steve closed his eyes as the bolts crawled down the lines within the chains and found ground. His body went rigid and his back arched in agony as the streaks of artificial lightning struck him.
Steve bit back his words as he nodded. Tony understood so much more than Steve gave him credit for. The memory of those vampires, touching him, stroking him. The memory of his body betraying him would lurk around corners, always haunt him. He wanted to be free of it.
“Fuck,” Pietro murmurs.
“A lab technician with great technical drafting skills. I think he’s exactly what I need,” he says and then hisses as the pain increases in his head. It’s spreading now, as it always does. It’s the strain on his optical nerve and the feedback from the implant. He might not feel pain in the nerve but the stress always causes headaches and spasms. He powers through it, as he always does. “How fast can we finish the security and background checks?”
“Captain Rogers is on the phone. He seems in some distress. I cannot read much more from the limited sensors I have in the private quarters.”
“It’s too bad the rest of the team couldn’t make it,” Tony remarks, not wanting to fall into the dreaded awkward silence.
“Right, right,” Steve says and he’s not likely to feed the needs of a spoiled little rich boy. “You can get right back on your horse, get back to the train station or whatever you road into town, and skedaddle. Thank you very much.”
“Sure.” Though Tony felt as if it might crack everything they’d just built.
Pressing Tony on the issue will only do more harm than good, Steve decides. He agrees with the prince and they head toward the gantry and leaving the Avengers ship. The guards fall into formation around them and Steve senses more than sees Tony tense. Steve glances back at the docks and the beautifully sleek ship. He needs to relieve the prince of some of his stress and sometimes that’s a more mental activity than a physical one.
No use thinking about the philosophical issues with the Treaty and the human vampire interactions. Not when he was so very hungry. He drew in a useless breath and let it sit in his lungs; it swirled around like the wind in the caves near Niagara Falls. Never used just a pressure. He released it and opened his eyes to see his coven mistress and queen standing next to the couch and staring at him. Her skin like the snows of Moscow and her hair as red as blood, she arched a brow at him.
Steve might not have been conscious, not fully so, but his astral projection realized more than he could. His energy ebbed and dissipated but his core remained vital, alive with the spark of life. It resonated, pulsating with exuberance. The strength and grip of the hand in his offered him support, but also showed him something more beautiful, more promising.  The synchronicity of his soul with another took his breath away. He gulped for breath, and the doctors yelled directives and monitors screamed in protest. As they placed an oxygen mask over his face, he tightened his fingers over the hand he clasped. He wanted to stay, to remain, and to open his eyes. But he could not gather the strength.
“You can go now,” Steve says and continues his task of searching for a way out.
“Son of a bitch.” He grabbed up the drive and brought it over to the computer console. “JARVIS scan the drive and access it. I want to see all the data, analyze it.”
Focused, Steve clasped Clint’s trembling hand. “Okay, now we’re going to do this.” He closed his eyes as Clint cried out in a wordless sob. Steve steadied his heart, breathed in and breathed out. He let his nerves settle as he spoke.  All the other times Steve had visited, Clint had been still like the grave and nothing Steve could do would wake him. “Clint, listen to me. I’m calling you.”  Clint threw himself about on the bed, but Steve stayed rock steady.
“She just went down,” Tony says over his shoulder.
A curl of a smile hit Steve’s lips and he bobbed his head. “Yeah, I got it.” He closed his eyes for a moment, the bond settled. When he opened his eyes again, the ruin of his features fixed itself – righted like a cubist painting slotting into place and turning into a classical one. “Okay, let’s go.”
Pep joins him at the window and says, “I’m a beta. I don’t have to take on the worries of the world like alphas and omegas do. You have to decide if it’s better to like your omega or to punish him.”
“Whether or not I’m going to make fists with my toes. I mean if I’m going to have a shoot up with glass windows breaking everywhere, I think I should put my shoes back on. If I’m going to get a good roll in the sack after this, I would be happy to do whatever you say,” Tony snickers.
“I don’t give a shit,” Tony said and the surprise on Bruce’s face should have stopped him. Nothing could stop him now, not even the Hulk. “I gotta get out of here.”
“If you can convince him, then that would do a lot for the advancement of the study,” Wong says.
“I say so. Can I see him now?”
It only takes a few minutes to start the fire thanks to his handy gauntlet – it actually took longer to gather the wood. Once the fire is roaring to life, Tony settles down next to a patient Blu and examines his paw. Only one paw has the burrs, which is good news. Tony angles the paw toward the fire.
smart. Steve bent his neck to look up over the trees and the red and gold flashed against the pitiful sun and cloud laden sky. “Tony,” Steve murmured and then the armor set down with a thump that reverberated through the forest floor. The birds went quiet.
The omega lifts a bony shoulder as he reaches for the meat pie. “What does it matter?”
“It’s absolutely true.”
“But you died before we did. How could you know?”
The guards are about to move on her when Tony raises a hand and stops them. “Let me.”
Heading to his suite of rooms, Tony meets Jarvis as he closes the suitcases. “All finished here, sir. Is there anything else?”
Swiftly, Tony gathered Steve up into his arms even as his trembling mate tried to get onto his own feet. He protested, “I can walk.”
“You are. You just hate to admit it.” Tony trudges next to him. He has a phone in his hands and Steve indicates it.
“Did he tell you anything about why he was asking?”
“Maybe I’m just totally tone deaf.” His whole body stiffens.
She stood up as the last of the Legion succumbed to Hulk. He started to play with one of the robots, swinging it back and forth. Brushing off her pants, she started to go over to the Hulk when a trio of Legion robots appeared to north of their position. They shot without regard, spraying the area with fire. Tony took one hard to the chest and was flung into the creek. Thor brought the lightning around and lit them up, but not before they spread another round of fire at the island. Steve’s vest blinked red as Falcon was knocked out of the sky and fell to the ground. Steve immediately went to him, but Sam only waved him off, his vest gave a steady red color.
“It’s still a promise. I can’t go back on it.” Stirring, the stirring never stops.
Steve stretches to get his relax back and the cracked rib protests. He coughs and that just hurts like hell. “Sorry.” He fishes out his canteen and drinks the water. “Do you think our bodies will be okay in the real world? I mean I won’t have a broken nose out there, right?” His voice still sounds muffled.
It’s the last thing he expects and the first thing he feared. He swallows back his anger and says, “Why?”
He reaches for Steve’s hand. “Now, let’s go see the falls.”
What was it? How could he comprehend it? He sought the answers along the bond, the strings that wove separate beings together into an intricate, elaborate astral net. He strummed it and listened to its beating – the heart of it. The echo of his own soul threatened to overwhelm him, but he zeroed in on the Mantra again, if only for a moment, to ground himself and then focused on the harmony around him. Within the center of the song, the souls bonded to him, something called to him. He shuffled all the rest of the songs aside, the different frequencies because they were not really musical sounds or songs, but various frequencies of energy. He pushed toward the centerpiece to find the echo of his own core, pinging back at him. But the Mantra did not still it, did not muffle it.
“I think we need to do it outside. Some space would help,” Clint said. “And I think I might have the best place.”
He nods. “Yes. Fine.”
“Well, for one thing, Thor and I shared a room.”
“What’s going on?” Tony says as he enters with Pepper and Colonel Rhodes fast at his heels.
Steve doesn’t look like he believes Tony, but he succeeds in folding his wings close to his body. His strength spent, he wavers but Tony steadies him.
“It’s an omega. More difficult than a ship” she says and wrinkles her pert little nose again. If they hadn’t been like brother and sister he might have fallen for her years ago.
“To another Steve,” Tony says and throws the paper on the table. He glares at Logan and then at Bruce. “Realities don’t work that way. This reality.” He points at the table with all of the drawings. “isn’t my reality. It isn’t our reality. Steve- our Steve shouldn’t be here with me, chasing after this.” It hurts like a son a of a bitch to say it, but it’s fucking true. “Because this – these drawings are just a fantasy. He’s supposed to be with you.”
“You know this isn’t a battle, right? We’re just going out to have some fun. Or what you think is fun, what I think is purely suicidal tendencies.” Tony jogs downstairs to find Steve unlocking the sliding glass doors to the deck. There has to be at least two feet of snow piled on the deck. “No! It will all fall into the house!”
“The Commando isn’t really fitted for a large party,” Tiberius replies, he’s practically in Tony’s face.
“You do that. I don’t think you can just ignore me now.”
He spent a few days sitting wretchedly in his attic apartment, hoping that Tony would call. But all he received was a text message warning him not to go against the NDA. With that text, it closed the door. Steve spent the next day laying on the fire escape staring into the sky waiting for – what he didn’t know. His life circled down the drain and he could have allowed it. He could have mourned the loss of all his comic sketches and his work, but he resolved to redefine himself. He gave up his lease and packed away his stuff. The moving truck would come and take everything to his storage unit. After he stored it all away – Steve intended to ride. Ride away. Who knew where? He didn’t care anymore. He had enough in his bank account, thanks to Tony, to just live for a while free of every encumberment.
Tony is not impressed (at least he tells himself not to be). “Why?”
“You spy on her. That’s a violation of their privacy!” Steve doesn’t touch the lunch and Tony worries if he’s just easily blown the only good candidate he’s had for the PA position.
“Get on your knees or I will have you caned.” The anger vibrates through him until he can barely take a breath. He’s tried to allow some leeway for Steven to express himself, to be the companion that Tony wants and needs, but outright defiance –especially now with the Council of Worlds just minutes away – cannot be tolerated.
Pep snaps to attention and yanks off her glasses. She squints at Tony, trying to understand his declaration. “What?”
Steve considers his best options; what gear does he need? As he runs through the list in his head, he feels the gentle weight of the shield appear on his back. Its weight has never been too much. When he doesn’t have it, he misses it like a severed limb. He rotates his shoulders and realizes he’s wearing the stealth uniform he once wore as a SHIELD agent. Tony’s snickering next to him.
“I can’t see why not. If you have any more questions-.” Steve flexes his hands open and closed – a movement that Tony catches out of the corner of his eyes.
The vampire halted in front of a warehouse. “No, I didn’t. I was turned my second week of Freshman year.”
“So,” Steve began again. He played with the tea bag, watching it bob up and down in the mug. “So, I- I often dream of the war. Both then and now. It is, or was impossible to escape. Only been awake for a little while. But I dream of it-.”
As a boy, Tony owned a small stuffed lion. He received it for his fifth birthday – a gift from his mother. His father only scoffed at the toy and instead offered him an erector set. He loved them all the same, though he always hid the stuff toy from his father’s sight. Sometimes, late at night when Tony couldn’t sleep, he snuggled down under the covers and Blu (that was the lion’s name) would take him on adventures.
“Ma.”
A hand wraps around his throat and Steve staggers backward, slipping on the snowy ice and falling to the ground. The impact jars him but Hulk’s hand never lets go. Steve grips Hulk’s wrist, trying but failing to get him to release. Hulk’s hot breath smells putrid, something that Steve doesn’t remember from reality and must be an added touch by Ultron. He coughs and gags at the stench, only making it harder to breathe with the tightening paw around his neck.
“What?” Steve says with a sidelong glance at Natasha. She only shakes her head in response.
. Tony disregarded him. He needed to focus on what Doctor Hocus Pocus was saying anyhow.
“Hopefully, before that Captain, hopefully,” Tony says and leaves Steve to rejoin his party.
“It’s important we have you on our side, Captain. Many in the Corps are starting to question policy, regulations, and procedures because of you. The Corps looks up to you. The vast majority will follow your lead.”  Pierce opened his hands as if in invitation. “This initiative will change the shape of things. It will forge a stronger future. It will take the inequity out of the equation.”
“Just stop,” Fury says. “The big three are coming in first to have their little meet and greet. We need security detail for them.”
“Well then, let’s see it.” That was Hawkeye who still hung back in the room in the shadows as if he didn’t want to be seen or spoken to – Steve could understand the archer had a difficult road ahead of him after Loki’s mind invasion.
“Good. We can practice more today and tonight.”
“Quantum entanglement happens at the sub-atomic level. Newtonian physics applies on the macro-level.”
“Not animal work.” She had turned and stared at the building, then turned to Tony. She looked so much smaller, even though she had a least on foot on him for height. In a whispered she’d said, “They do such horrible things. I’m not supposed to talk about it. National security and all. But I can’t. I can’t sit there and watch as they-.” She stopped when Obadiah Stane walked up to their picnic table. His hands were in his pockets and even then he had no hair on the top of his head.
Sam reached out but held an arm over his mid-section. “Nice to meet you.”
“Starved. Wanna stop some place along the way?”
CHAPTER 6
“He was a father to you,” Steven replies. He gripped Tony’s upper arm. “Listen to me. I’m not playing a game. That man is dangerous. I don’t know how, or what will happen. Things – things are not predictable. Not as much as I would like. You would think they would be. But he’s going to try something.”
Steve catches a glimpse of the prince’s profile and nearly gasps at his beauty. He’s only seen a few images of the prince most of them older. But here the prince is more mature and handsome. His wild dark hair and olive tinted skin with those long eyelashes sends a thrill down Steve’s spine. He’s taller than Steve, with a frame of wiry muscles and strong hands. He’s only wearing a stained tunic and pants; his feet are bare. From the grease on his arms and tunic, he’s obviously been working on some of the equipment thrown about.
“Maybe,” Steve said. He yawned and placed a hand on his forehead. “I’m tired. I think I need to sit for a while.”
“You and all of us,” Bruce replied. “You have to get the Mantra in your head.”
Steve peeled his eyes open then and saw Peggy standing over his hospital bed. He furrowed his brow and parts of yesterday mixed with his understanding of today, but he fell into the memories and drowned there.
“You talk of tales to encourage the war effort and not the real everyday horrors of war, Mister Stark.”
Steve slips his hand away from him. He looks away to the window to the ocean endlessly moves and sways in time with Earth’s mate, the moon. Smiling, small and sad, Steve whispers, “Of course. I meant, the marriage – the gay marriage in general – is real – is official.”
He entered the barracks and locked the door behind him. The building wasn’t originally a barracks so it was smaller, compact, and windowless. They used it mainly for drunken soldiers to sleep it off. They called it the hopper, the jail, the trap. Whichever, it was a simple room that was too hot and not comfortable. A bed – more like a cot – was in the corner of the room. The steel frame of the bed was connected to the canvas cot with a weaving of rope. There was a table next to it with a canteen that was open with the spout pointed to the floor, dripping. On the floor next to the table was a tray of untouched food. A fork and a spoon, no knife. But there was an empty glass milk bottle.
Steve gasps at the same time he hears from Tony -
“Yes. Sorry,” Tony says and shakes himself as if he’s just waking. “Sorry again. Doctor Stephen Strange please meet my personal assistant, Captain Steve Rogers.”
Steve meets her at the bay. “Natasha, how’s the old bucket of bolts?” He grabs her hand, but she pulls him in for a quick hug.
Tony gets to his feet and closes the short distance between them. He kneels in front of Steve and places his hands on Steve’s hands. “I was wrong. And believe me that’s a rare thing for me to admit. I was wrong to think there is a difference. Maybe I was a little freaked out. I loved, love Blu. That means I love you. Doesn’t it?”
“And what did you come for, Tony?”
An example of two sine waves with ebbs and crests matching was given as a figure. Steve knew a little about math, though geometry was never his strong suit. He scrolled past the figure and continued to read.
The shudders left him and he stood there still shaking inside. What had he done? Christ, he was fucked up. Rising and cleaning, he finished up and left the shower. He wrapped a thick towel around his waist and then went to the rack to don an expensive robe. Dropping the towel, he put on the robe. When he walked out of the bathroom, Pepper had a suitcase on the bed.
“You’ve been given a reprieve on your death sentence. Lucky for you, I happen to be Aria Carbonelli’s heir.” The omega jerks his shoulders but keeps his face averted as if to hide his reaction to the name. “Did you know my mother? That was a long time ago, but then you’ve been in stasis for decades.”
Steve handled it, but the threads of his soul shook like leaves in the wind. He was at his breaking point. Tony went to support him, to reach out and touch him at the moment that Steve broke away from Thor but slid Steve’s hand down and grasped Thor’s hand. The reaction and bonding flared and Steve stumbled – the strength of it so brash, so potent that he nearly went down to the ground. Shocks of blue fire crackled around their hands and Tony flinched away as Steve stated, “Guide.”
“I didn’t come here for an interrogation, Mister Stark,” Steve says.
Tiberius pulls Steve aside as he’s about to introduce the members of the party to the accommodations of the suite.  Tiberius tries to use his height to intimidate, Steve knows the type, but they are equally matched. Instead, Stane steps into Steve’s personal space.
“Okay?” Tony furrows his brow. What the hell? “Do you want me to try and salvage it?”
Tony had stayed stone cold. “It was either that or you go to prison for the remainder of your life.”
“So, there’s a magic- a science cube you found but haven’t figured out yet?” Tony squeezed his little stuffed toy under the table. He kept it on his lap because his father detested the lion.  He swung his legs, happily. He’d distracted them from their fight. The warmth of success suffused him, and he smiled.
“A way to get rid of this stupid battery and then to fuel a way out of here,” Tony says and then turns back to the work. He’s nearly manic with it. He hasn’t stopped in hours. Just when Steve’s about to suggest they break, and Tony drink the rest of the soup, the locks on the door click open.
And then there’s that smile, smug, arrogant, and all kinds of lovely. A hand cradles his cheek and he leans into it. “You god damned fool. I lost you before and now, now I’m really losing you.”
Through the chaos ripping apart his brain, a serenity flows through him like the first summer day warming his soul. He leans hard into that feeling, allowing it to suffuse his consciousness, while at the same time releasing his hold on the power within him. The power doesn’t come from the serum. It never did.
“I don’t want that filth on my hands. I want to watch.”
He leads the entire party through the bay, several of his hand-picked Honor Guard fall into step behind them. They are armed to the teeth and he acknowledges them with a quick and short salute.
JARVIS submitted to the order and the armor fell away from Tony. Steve grasped the vest and tore it away along with the front of Tony’s shirt. Quickly, Steve pulled off his own vest and the jacket and shirt of his uniform, to leave his chest bare. He wrapped his arms around Tony and brought his limp body into a sitting position as the rest of his pack gathered around him. He felt the pulse of their energies supporting his own. Instead of thinking about them, Steve touched his Beloved marks on his chest to Tony’s marks. The physicality enhanced the harmonic resonance of their soul bond. Skin to skin, the warmth between them heated their skin and Steve closed his eyes. He listened to his pack, gathered around him in a protective circle. Saw Clint stand at the ready to fight, felt Natasha and Sam lend their energies to his, while Thor and Bruce led the way through the rhythms of their souls. Steve brought it all together and offered their strength to Tony.
Secretions. Tony’s saliva with the healing factor to close up the wound on his chest. Steve hadn’t showered. He didn’t have the time. He’d washed up. That was all. He offered a curt nod and then exited the office.
“You’re doing a lot,” Steve said as he stepped away, letting Natasha work. For a second, he thought about it, but he didn’t ruminate on his next action. Instead he stuck out his wrist and showed it to Sam. “You see this?”
Tony separated from Steve, searching his eyes, his expression to try and check in with him. “Are you-?”
“It’s not about that,” Tony said. “It’s the gland thing. If Ross is really intent on taking vampire glands to milk them for some special elixir we’re in more than a heap of trouble.” He got up on one elbow and looked down at Steve who looked especially pale. “If Nat is right then they’ll use mates as bait. Kidnap as many of the mates as possible and lure the vampires in. It wouldn’t be too hard.”
“Captain America is an omega,” Fury had repeated, paused, and then shook his head. “Of course that makes perfect sense. Doesn’t it? The best soldier ever known would have to be an omega, wouldn’t he?”
“Well, I won’t see you, but you know what I mean,” Tony says, feigning laughter, and claps. “Always a good one. Hurry up. I’m ready to go!”
“Yeah,” Logan says and thanks Bruce when he’s handed a beer. He sits down without waiting for an invitation. “Steve’s his own man. He does what he wants. He left me. Not the other way around. He left me for you. I thought the two of you would be happy little love birds by now.”
“What about the Mantra?” Sam asked as Steve eased the bar down onto the support bracket.
Steve manages to get to his feet and across the room before he needs to cling to the bureau. His clothes have been laundered and the shirt that had been the victim of the bullet wound cleaned and stitched up. He shrugs it on, his shoulder achy and protesting. He’s still wobbly on his feet but he gets on underclothes, his pants, a pair of holey socks, and his gun belt. He finds his badge and pins it onto the breast pocket. It still has a nick in it from the bullet but the blood has been washed away.
Steve only lifted a shoulder. “I seem to be making up for lost time.” That sent Tony into hysterics. Steve rolled his eyes. “It’s not funny.” Tony attempted to speak but laughter controlled him. “Not even that funny.” Tony shook his head and wiped away the tears.
“You said he remembered your name, what it meant?” Bucky says and he’s surprisingly gentle with his words. He’s trying to pull it out of Steve, attempting to drag the truth and all the ugly memories out so that he can wash them away. Steve’s not ready to cleanse his soul, he’ll never forgive himself.
Steve mumbles something in reply, he concentrates on the breast plate, getting it into the grooves to lock into place.
“Something. Steve was there to help with the bonding,” Bruce said.
“Of course,” he said, and his shoulders slumped as he looked up into the cloudy sky. Why did he have to have a pack filled with not only assassins but smart asses as well.
Just the touch and the words send Steve over the edge. He’s never finished before a client. Never. He always follows – that’s his own personal rule. But Tony strokes him until he’s spent and drained and no more than a rag doll. When he comes back to himself, Tony kisses up his jaw line and then pushes lightly inside of Steve as if asking.
Steve ignores her and claws his way up the hill, but the gravel shifts and moves like grains of sand down a dune. He needs two hands and that means putting the shield on his back. He grunts and locks the shield in place. The backpack secured against this shoulder as well. He digs into the gravel with his hands and kicks into the side of the hill with the metal toes of his boots. Starting to climb up the hillside, he disregards the badgering sounds of Clint’s begging. It isn’t Clint. He knows that but his heart loops in his chest and his gut twists. Partially up the hill, he hears the familiar whine of the gauntlet charging. His attention snaps to the top of the hill as Tony targets and fires at Laura. She drops like a rock.
Steve only shrugs and exits. He knows the agents of the Guard and SHIELD well enough to appreciate Agent Sharon Carter’s work. He crosses the flight deck and boards the Commando, hitting the console panel to close up the ship as he steps up to the cargo bay area within the belly of the ship.
“August 1st. Yep.” Steve hopes to hell he can catch some sleep tonight. It’s been a long few weeks. “All ready to roll.”
Tony rubs at his forehead – at least a headache of epic proportions won’t plague him because of
Silence eeked out the next few minutes until Tony took in a useless breath and then released it. “I want to tell you. I understand. You went through a lot. So did I.”
“Well, you want to pick out a bedroom or do you want to just-.” Tony’s query dies on his lips. Obviously, Steve wants to draw. He doesn’t want to accompany Tony up to the second floor to check out an unknown place. Ever since the Afghanistan deal, he’d always had reservations about new and different places without the armor.
He knew her as a woman of power, of character, of ruthlessness. When the Council claimed ownership of the human worlds, she willingly went along. She was orphaned during the Omega Uprising. It must have changed her because she became a force in the Council.  It wasn’t something he ever spoke to his mother, Aria, about – she wasn’t approachable in that way.
“You’re still sick,” the man says. “Here’s the water.”
Steve leaned forward and placed the drink on the table between them. He really didn’t want to do this. “As good as can be expected?”
A bob of a fist, a hand reaching out, thrashing for help.
Her eyes glimmering, she answers, “He knows. He always has. Knows all about how your father recognized him. How it had always been planned. We knew the story well in the Red Room. Didn’t we, Soldier?”
Going to the drawer at the table near the bed, he pulls out a cock cage – a ring will never do. He brings it over and efficiently without any ceremony or explanation, snaps it into place. Luckily the cock cage allows Tony to lock the omega’s cock in either a flaccid or erect position. He selects the erect position. The metal gears are clean and sleek. It works well. Tony likes the design. After he finishes, he goes to the cuffs and releases the man’s wrists. He crumples to the floor.
“Yeah boss?”
Steve smiled – and it was shy and – Tony had to admit – pretty.  Tentatively, Steve pressed closer, nuzzling against Tony’s neck. His actions were sweet, and decidedly not sexy.
