WIth a fake-sounding perk to his voice, Sherlock said; “Rosamund, thank you for the keys.” He quickly flipped through the congested ring of keys until he found the one he needed. He stepped in front of John and guided Rosie into the flat.”
Today, though, they had a few brochures on the coffee table describing the places they thought would be fun for Rosie and easy enough for John to get through. On the ballot: The Science Museum, Royal Botanical Gardens, Kew (Sherlock’s first choice) and, London Zoo.
“In my brain that day, after you’d said that, I’d forgotten how hot I found her and was instantly flattered by your assessment of me.”
“Speaking of, I also brought the other ice pack with me. Let’s get you back down here and settled and I’ll swap out the packs.” The pain sapped all the fight out of John. He let Sherlock help him back down to his back, and he tucked the new ice pack around John’s shoulder. This one was a bit smaller than the other.
“Oh no. John. I’m so sorry.” Sherlock’s stunned reaction to the situation was suddenly replaced with a knot in his belly.
“Sweetheart, look at this! We could go here and see things about space! The moon and the sun, other planets, stars! Or we could go here and see beautiful flowers and exotic plants! The zoo has so many cool animals! Like the kinds you see in the books we read to you before dinner!”
Sherlock stepped back and helped John off the toilet seat and to his feet. “You are not to say that word, Rosamund!” Sherlock exclaimed over his shoulder towards the door.
Through a mouthful of biscuit: “I’d love to see Rose right now, but I’m not awake enough to see her and I don’t want to scare her with this monstrosity hanging around my neck until I’m properly awake.”
“I just told you. I’m going to lie down for a bit, upstairs so she doesn't see me hurting like this.”
John set his left temple against Sherlock’s chest and looked up at his girl and his love. Molly watched the familial tableau as she wiped at the tears on her face with the sleeve of her flower-covered jumper. She was so grateful to have been here to witness this. There would have to be a phone call to Mrs. Hudson very soon. Or maybe a visit when she left this small, sweet family for the evening. They had much to celebrate. Good thing she brought them dessert.
“I have done nothing to repay you. I’m such a shit. I punched you, kicked you. I didn’t even realise I’d not apologised to you until a few seconds ago! I look at you now and see the stitches on your brow. I see you withdrawing from whatever cocktail of drugs you were taking to get me to notice you weren’t okay.” He began to rock back-and-forth in a self-soothing motion, his disgust with himself on full display. As dismayed as I was to the whole of it, I was honoured that he’d let me see this side of him.
“Welcome.” John’s arms waved about the flat. ”This is how it feels to be me when dealing with you.” John’s sarcasm was slowly returning.
I reached across the space between us and took John’s hands in mine. I squeezed them gently and tried to keep the tears that were forming in my eyes from falling. He was already struggling; he didn’t need me to make it worse.
After a tense supper and watching telly with unseeing eyes, John went to bed. Sherlock joined him after a bit. He slid in beside John and John turned and Sherlock went straight into his arms.
John was sat on the floor rubbing at the back of his head with his left hand. He could already feel the knot forming there.
John’s thrusts were slow and short. Enough to tap Sherlock’s prostate. Sherlock writhed, a sheen of sweat formed across his torso and forehead. John kissed and kitten-licked at Sherlock’s face.
Their right hands found each other on top of Sherlock’s pillow and Sherlock was already writhing in John’s arms. The heel of Sherlock’s foot now pushed against John’s ass, encouraging the cadence of John’s hips.
“Yeah. All the time actually. But, something seems a bit different with you tonight. You’ve got a look in your eyes. Are you all right?”
Sherlock removed his left arm from under John’s and brought it back to John’s arse and then underneath, as he reached towards John’s balls. He tucked underneath until he found John’s perineum. He pressed against it as he licked at John’s neck.
“Don’t keep me waiting. Please. I can’t do much in there without you anyway. Besides, the view in there without you is going to be sufficiently lacking in scenery.” John wiggled his rear-end and stepped gingerly into the shower. Banging his injured arm or shoulder at this point would effectively kill all the romance out of the evening. He flipped on the water and pulled the tap diverter and stepped under the spray as soon as it was warm enough. He got his face and hair wet before Sherlock sidled up behind him, his front pushed tightly to John’s back. He hooked his chin over John’s healthy shoulder.
“John, your legs are caught underneath the steering column and the driver’s side door. Your seat has also been contorted.” He couldn’t reach the seat controllers, as they were on the door side of the seat, and had most likely been destroyed in the crash.
He motioned for Sherlock to join them. He got his arms around them both and the three of them swayed together as John belted out the next part of the song:
“Give it to me! Christ! How are you supposed to turn the cap off with one hand?” John begrudgingly handed the tube to Sherlock. He heard the click of the cap, heard the (somewhat funny) squirting sound, and then Sherlock’s right hand was on his shoulder, massaging the gel into his skin. A moan escaped John’s mouth. Then John bit his bottom lip and cringed.
“I can agree to those terms.” Sherlock smiled, despite the heaviness of the topic at hand. There was a bit of sadness behind it, but it there for a reason. John set the plate on the coffee table and inched closer to Sherlock, tipping forward, his forehead resting against Sherlock’s. He spoke against Sherlock’s face, his chocolatey breath further warming his words:
He sat down and patted the cushion beside him in invitation. I sat beside him and let out a soft groan of discomfort. Out of the corner of my left eye, I could see him lower his head, focusing on the carpeting under his feet.
John stepped through their bedroom door after putting Rosie to bed, and he couldn’t believe his luck.
Sherlock could sense that John was getting to something important, so he laid there, and said, “You’ve mentioned a few places here and there, but nothing very specific.”
“What’s that?” Sherlock had been drifting off to sleep, drowsy on the smell of John filling his nose. He dragged that nose against John’s Adam’s apple.
Sherlock tilted his head, jerking it towards the kitchen. Molly caught what Sherlock was throwing. She followed behind him as Rosie watched her go. She walked over to her father and decided he needed a cuddle.
“It was so sudden. One second, I was reading an email from Harry, the next Rosie’s yelling about fish! I look up, and there are the shark tanks. I could still hear her telling me I was the best thing that ever happened to her. I didn’t believe her then, and I still don’t, but I still feel like shit that she’s gone. Rosie won’t ever know her mother. Sometimes, I think that’s the best thing for her. Having a former assassin for a mother isn’t exactly something most kids wish for, or could deal with in real life. I could still see us both on that floor, her slipping away in front of my eyes, and I was a little relieved when she passed. We weren’t happy. I wasn’t happy. I couldn’t trust her. I was thinking about leaving her, but I never had the chance. I’ve never really forgiven her for all she put us through.” He looked up at Sherlock’s face. “She knew how much losing you gutted me. And she tried to take you away from me again. She was selfish. She never loved me. She loved the idea of having a different life. I was just caught up in it. And Rosie was, too. But she was, is? the mother of my daughter. And I'll always be grateful to her for giving me Rose. But I don’t think I’ll ever forgive her for what she put you and me through. I don’t know why I lost it when I saw that advertisement.” John settled against Sherlock after saying all of that, the invisible weight left his shoulders. If John needed Sherlock to be his therapist, that was what he would get.
“So, you’re saying that he went through the surgery and all of that shit that happened after, and THIS is all he gets for it? A constant six to eight on the pain scale forever?”
“That is a wonderful idea. Give me one second, darling. I’m going to ease the plug out. Hold on for me.” John grasped the circular base and gently eased it out of Sherlock's hole. As it slid free, Sherlock sighed. He was so content.
It was all over John’s face, and there was no use in attempting to hide his distress from Sherlock. He surveyed John’s body language and immediately herded Rosie into their bedroom and gave her Sherlock’s old tablet and started a film for her. He barely made it into the sitting room before John was in his arms, the sling between them. They moved back to the sofa, removed the sling, and Sherlock held John as he wept. Mary had been dead for almost three years, but Sherlock also shed a few tears in her memory. Without her sacrifice, he and John might not be where they were now. They’ve been able to put her death into perspective, and are usually more at ease when memories of her are brought back to the forefront of their lives. This time was a bit different for them.
“He’s panicking because we are a family, hopefully forever, and he doesn’t see anything happening to make us stop being that. There’s no exit. No reason for one. He wants us to all be safe because we’re all going to be here forever. No more explosions or accidents. This is our home and homes are supposed to be safe.”
“The woman you married, the woman you loved enough to marry and have a child with, died in your arms, John. The circumstance of her death was traumatic. That would cause almost anyone to have PTSD responses to things that would stimulate that sort of memory. People have PTSD regarding situations they’ve had with complete strangers, John. She was your wife. At one point, you loved her. That counts for something larger than how you’re assessing it. You need to stop holding yourself to such a high standard.”
“WE absolutely were. You most certainly were there. I have the scratch marks on the backs of my shoulders to prove it.” John was grinding against him with more gusto than he’d intended. Sherlock always brought out his passion, no matter the sort.
Sherlock walked, in spite of himself, to the far side of the bed. He laid next to John on his right side and brought up his left hand to securely hold the ice pack to John’s shoulder. He tucked his chest behind John’s neck, so he was able to curl himself around him. He rested his right temple on his right fist on his folded arm and he held the ice pack in place. He watched the rise and fall of John’s back as John fell asleep.
“Give me your coat, Watson. I’ll hang it for you tonight.” He heard John’s grateful sigh behind him.
Sherlock woke first. At the realisation that John was still there with him, and that his arm was draped across his torso, Sherlock’s sigh was a mixture of elation and relief. Last night had been the first time he’d ever engaged in a sexual situation with anyone. He was forty-three years old and John Watson was the first person he’d ever slept with, both literally and figuratively. He’s also never woken with a bedmate before this morning. The warmth of someone else in his bed a completely foreign, but apparently welcome, occurrence.
“We’ll see how I’m doing in the morning, yeah? Don’t want to make this into something it’s not and start worrying about it without having all the data.”
“Oh, leave him out of it! Your blog is the biggest indicator. As soon as I realised you were THAT John Watson, I read your blog, more than once. It’s obvious, John.”
As they made their way around the coffee table for the sixth time, Sherlock bellowed from the kitchen, his neck still tilted towards the table, eyes looking through his microscope, “John? What do you want for dinner tonight? I’ll call for a takeaway.”
Rosie was still giggling until she turned around and saw her father’s face. Her lips began to pout and her eyes immediately became wet.
John gave no shits about Sherlock’s exasperated nonsense. “I don’t feel comfortable having them in the flat while Rosie’s here.”
I could literally only sigh to that. Constant denial is exhausting. “You’re not the only to have ever said this to me.”
“She died on the floor, in front of me, and then in my arms, as sharks swam around us. Looking back on that, the sharks now seem apropos. A bit of a homage to the shark that swam into my path and preyed on me and those I loved. The only things I can say about Mary, with any positivity? She kept me alive long enough for him to return.” He shoved his right shoulder into Sherlock good-naturedly and continued: “She also gave me, us, all of us, Rosie. As far as I’m concerned, the best parts of her and I made Rosie. Mary took that bullet to save him. I hope she did it for me, but I’ll never know that for sure. I think she did it for herself, as well. She told us, posthumously, if you can believe that, that she knew what Sherlock and I could become when she was gone. She wasn’t all wrong. I just wish it hadn’t taken us so long to get here.” He put his arm around Sherlock in an act of supporting love that stunned the elder Holmes’. Sherlock let himself be pulled to John’s side and rested his head on the proffered shoulder. Mary’s death devastated them both, but for very different reasons; reasons they were both still trying to understand.
“Fine. You can help me with the vegetables first. I can manage the lasagne with one hand. I think I can get through all the noodles without a knife.”
“I didn’t want the sauce to go to waste. For frozen lasagne, I’m still surprised it tastes as good as it does. A serviette didn’t deserve that sauce.”
“Thanks, sweetheart. Love you.” managed John as his eyes fluttered shut, his eyelashes brushing against Sherlock's cottony vest. Sherlock continued his gentle care and pressed a kiss to the crown of John’s head. He held him as he slept.
Sherlock whimpered at the desperation in John’s voice and he pushed closer to John’s warmth. He squeezed Sherlock’s shoulder as he pulled Sherlock down and pressed his mouth to Sherlock’s lips. “Easy. Watch my shoulder. One push too hard, and I probably won’t be able to breathe.” John laughed against Sherlock’s mouth as he cupped his face and tickled his left ear with his thumb. “Christ, I love you.”
Tonight was their last night there. They’d already cancelled one of John’s physio appointments so they could stay two additional days, and they were hesitant to cancel the one scheduled for tomorrow afternoon.
They were lying together in Sherlock’s bed, having just shown each other how much they loved each other for the first time. John was currently on his back; Sherlock pressed to his right side, his head resting on John’s right pectoral. His hair was damp, the sweat cooling, under John’s jaw. John’s right hand was lost in Sherlock’s coffee-coloured curls; his left across his own chest, though his left index finger couldn’t resist the curve of Sherlock’s right ear, a new plaster stuck to the lobe. John inhaled and held his breath at the sight.
“What for?” John got up and carried Rosie into the kitchen on his right hip. The four of them were now huddled at the back of the kitchen; Rosie at eye level with all the grownups, looking at each of them as they spoke.
“I told you it was all right, John. You don’t have to keep thanking me. I’m here because I want to be. If I didn’t, I’d already be in the kitchen getting up to something mischievous. I do have a lab in there, you know.” Sherlock seemed a little put out.
“John, I’m going to skip her bath tonight and get her ready for bed. I’ll be right back.” Sherlock left the sofa and lifted Rosie from her high-chair. He took her into the kitchen and wiped off her face and hands, then took her upstairs to change her into her pyjamas and read her a quick story. Sherlock was usually the one to put her down at night. His voice would lull her to sleep; usually without having to even finish one book.
My shoulders sagged and I brought my hands to my head. I tipped my head forward and grasped at my hair. Cara should be a therapist instead of a nurse practitioner. Or both. She should be both.
Once the coast was clear, Sherlock raced to John’s side. “How may I help?” Despite his anxiety about the situation, his enthusiasm was surprising.
John came up for air and wiped his lips and chin. “Sherlock. I think I’m okay. This is normal for concussions.”
“You can’t see yourself. If you could, you would immediately cease in your malignant self-recrimination. What just happened? That was --- resplendent. Majestic. Sublime. Nirvanic. Transcendent…”
Sherlock's eyes went wide. He moved further into the sitting room and sat beside John. He took his left hand. “You banged your head while playing with Rosie two hours ago. You don’t remember?”
“This is going to take less than five seconds, Sherlock. A quick yank, and a scream and then I’ll need an ice pack. I’ll be fine by tomorrow morning.” Sherlock didn’t seem convinced.
“It’s all right. I’ve plenty of them.” John smiled. For the first time in a long time, he genuinely beamed.
“I don’t think so.” John thought Sherlock looked confused. He sort of liked that, since it was such a rare occurrence.
“Oh! You mean my rather odd rephrasing of the word ‘shit’? It was either that or hear her repeat it all evening.”
“If that’s the case, then we are, at this moment, talking about the same thing. Besides, my hair is really dirty.”
“What it WILL be, Sherlock. You’ve my word on that.” Sherlock settled in John’s embrace and let out a sigh.
Sherlock gasped. “Off. This needs to come off.” He grasped at John’s shirt. “I’ll help you out of it.”
“But why all of a sudden? This is hardly the first time I’ve had things of that nature in the flat in the last three years.“
“I don’t just do it for you; I do those things for myself, as well. You know how selfish I am. If something were to happen to you, I would never survive it. Especially if there had been a way for me to prevent you from coming to harm. Being killed...” He shivered in John’s embrace.
“Sherl, Sherl-ock. Faster. Please, sweetheart. I’m close. That feels so, OH! good. Oh, I’m sorry, love. I’m not going to last much long-ger.” John stretched his neck to try to kiss Sherlock, but he missed his lips and got the tip of his nose. The sound of the water pounding on their bodies as it rained down the slopes of their skin was drowned out by the sounds of their hard breaths and John’s moans.
“What are you on about?” I asked, a bit befuddled as I took a rather large bite from my ham on brown bread. I’m trying to be a bit healthier. Coming up on fifty soon enough.
After unlocking the door and kicking it open with a gentle push from his left foot, he put his left arm around John’s back and helped him inside, being extra careful not to bump his shoulder and brace against the door’s frame. He let John lead the way up the stairs but stayed close behind him in case he became dizzy during their ascent. The staff in charge of him at the hospital gave him a snack and some water and let him go home two hours after he woke from the anaesthesia. Sherlock told them John was in good hands and that there was someone else at home who would be able to help him look after their patient. Now, John was Sherlock’s patient.
“So Dr Roylott, you created a fake crime scene that successfully fooled Anderson. Congratulations. You're officially smarter than one of the stupidest men in London,” he says, just before Anderson punches him.
My first case with Sherlock Holmes changed my perception of him utterly. I had already marvelled at his intelligence and observed, half in admiration and half in censure, his extreme confidence, which at times bordered on conceit. Witnessing him at the scene of a crime, however, I began to realise that for all my study of Holmes I had never before seen him at his most vital and compelling.
“Sherlock, please, don’t do this. I love you too much. You can’t die. You can’t. Don’t you dare... Jesus. Just. Hold on, okay?”
They were still staring at one another. I believe that they had entirely forgotten that I was in the room. Suddenly unable to bear it any longer, I leaned forward with a pronounced cough.
He trailed off and looked away from me but I could well recall the feature of which he spoke, a rather charming Port-wine stain very low down on his naval, which uncannily resembled a Star of David.
“I found that I had a burning desire to know what it was like to kiss you in the sunlight,” he said softly, stopping in front of me, close enough to touch. “It is an experiment that many people are able to attempt in rather less careful circumstances than us. Now that suitable conditions have been arranged, I intend to take the experiment to its logical conclusion.”
Eventually Holmes capitulated, frustrated and slightly bemused in the face of my bullish insistence.
“They drugged you,” Holmes said in a clinical tone. “Lady Carfax was already dead and he could not risk the police showing up. He determined to be rid of both of you in one move. I am certain that, given the circumstances, you did not mark the design of the coffin, but it was usually broad and deep. No doubt they had the undertaker change the order to accommodate two –”
“I was delayed,” I said, not meeting his eyes. “I did not want to be seen and risk upsetting your disguise.”
That my hands were shaking was true, but I wondered if it was not from the toll of our conversation, rather than my lamentable dependence. I could only be thankful that Holmes had put it down to the latter. I still did not wish him to guess quite how much his good opinion mattered to me and how much the anticipated loss of it had hurt me.
Finally, he turned the full force of his attention to the corpse whose murder he was tasked with avenging. While Gregson and Lestrade had already made their initial examinations, I can only assume that they had determined the man dead, ascertained that he had no visible injuries, searched for some means of identifying the victim and ended their investigation there. Holmes’ examination, by contrast, was extensive and startlingly intimate. I watched his dexterous fingers roam the corpse from one end to the other, squeezing limbs, pressing clammy skin, unbuttoning clothes and manipulating the corpse’s stiffening limbs. When, as a final touch, he leaned forward to smell the unfortunate man’s lips, I saw the two inspectors flinch, as though in disgust. For my part, I was fascinated. It was as if the rest of us had ceased to exist for Holmes the moment he stepped into the room. This strange process, whatever its goal, concerned only him, the body of the murdered man and the absent criminal on whose tail he was now bent. His singular focus and determination were reflected in every line of his body, in the set of his stern jaw and in his eyes, which looked almost black in the murky light and were filled with an almost feverish gleam. For a moment, I allowed myself to imagine how it would feel to be the object of that unrelenting focus and I felt myself shiver with a strange mixture of longing and fear.
“Then we shall solve it or perish together,” he said, as he turned away to begin setting himself to rights.
“I see that you have had a successful day,” I observed, looking up from my papers as he came in. I had been attempting to pass the time by writing up another of his cases for The Strand, with little success.
Only when she was gone did Holmes tear open the envelope and take the photograph in his hand. He gave a strange strangled sound, halfway between a laugh and a cough.
“I followed him,” he continued at last. “One morning, when he left for work an hour earlier than usual. He walked for some time, into a part of London I did not know. Eventually, he knocked on a door and the same man I had seen let him inside. He was there for about 20 minutes. Then he came out and hailed a cab and I heard him give the address of his office. I waited outside the building. An hour or two must have passed before a man left and I was able to dash inside before the door closed behind him. I found myself in a long, narrow hallway. It smelled of sickness and laudanum – a scent I recognised from when I had broken my arm falling from a tree. I moved very quietly, listening, until I heard a familiar voice. When I pushed open the door, I found my mother, propped up in bed, talking quietly with the man I had seen on the doorstep. He was wearing the white coat of a doctor. Her face was as pale as death and she was much thinner than she had been only weeks earlier. When she saw me, she tried to sit up, calling out my name in surprise. The shout set off a coughing fit and as I ran towards her, a great gout of blood issued from her mouth and sprayed across the sheets and the front of her nightgown. She was crying when the doctor forced me from the room. It was the last time I ever saw her.”
“You were as brilliant as ever, my dear fellow,” I said, smiling down at him. Heady with his proximity and the promise of a truce between us, I sank down onto the rug at his feet, insinuating myself between his legs and leaning my back against the front of his chair so that his long limbs framed my shoulders. I sighed when he began to run his fingers through my hair.
“You looked dead!” he shouted suddenly, cutting across my speech with such urgency that I fell silent despite myself. “You should have died. When I touched your lips with mine it was like kissing your corpse. I was trying to breathe life into you and it felt like the undoing of every touch we have ever shared. Next time maybe you won't wake up. Don't you understand what that would do –”
John is making sympathetic noises as she describes the death of her sister but Sherlock is paying attention to more important things than her feelings. Like the way she is keeping her wrists hidden – bruising there, clearly, that she doesn’t want them to see – and the words she uses. Abusive step-father. Wants to intimidate her into surrendering her claim to the family property.
“So you see,” he said at last, his voice once again as deep and melodic as it was wont to be. “I cannot agree that nightmares have anything to do with weakness. I believe them to be the natural result of a rational mind attempting to process the irrational. You are a doctor and a soldier, and you have done things and survived things that most men never dream of at all. You went to war because you believed it to be a worthy cause, a step on the road to achieving peace. You find yourself now, a war hero who no longer believes that war serves a purpose. You expected the conflict and the sacrifices it demanded to be meaningful. You found it to be senseless. You expected to preserve life. You found yourself, instead, a helpless witness to death. It is no wonder that you dream.”
“See here!” ejaculated the inspector triumphantly. “What beggar is in possession of such fine clothes? He has murdered your friend and cast his body from the window, keeping the clothes for himself.”
An hour or more must have passed before he stirred again and began to pull himself up into a sitting position.
John wriggles a little bit until Sherlock resumes running his fingers across the smooth skin of his back, feeling the shift in texture where the bullet exited his body, just missing his left scapula.
“My knowledge of chemistry seems to have let me down me in this instance,” he said. “I had thought that my tolerance would be higher, but I confess the morphine hit me harder than I had expected.”
“She knew who I was from the moment she saw me,” he admitted, turning and beginning to walk in the direction of Baker Street. I fell into step at his side, matching my strides to his longer ones, my eyes fixed on the muddy cobbles.
At breakfast, I met Holmes’ eyes carefully, but saw nothing out of the ordinary. We made desultory conversation over our sausages and eggs. Holmes did not have a case for the first time in several weeks and he seemed listless as he pushed away most of his breakfast uneaten and made his way to the sofa, where he sat with a copy of that morning’s newspaper. I knew him to be searching for mysteries or unsolved crimes to satiate his constant need for mental stimulation, but so raw were my nerves from the previous evening’s incident that I could not help wondering if he was seeking an excuse to avoid conversing with me. I knew that by addressing the subject I could only make matters worse, and so, to occupy my mind, I took up one of my manuscripts and attempted to focus on recording our most recent case. After misspelling the same word three times and mistaking the name of our client twice, I cast it aside in frustration and turned to Holmes.
He paused and looked away towards the path we had taken from the house, as though checking that no one had thought to follow us. Taking a deep breath, he met my eyes with a look of determination that I remembered from our schooldays.
It was the article in the newspaper at the end of the case, lionising Gregson and Lestrade for solving the crime and branding Holmes an amateur who, under their instruction, “may hope in time to attain to some degree of their skill,” that pushed me to begin writing about Holmes’ work. When I suggested the idea of recording his cases, framing it as a way to bring in more clients and ensure that he attained the credit for his work, he told me simply to do as I wished, but I sensed that, despite his seeming lack of enthusiasm, the idea appealed to him. If it also provided me with an excuse to stay close beside him and gave me reason to study him without reserve, I did not allow myself to linger over it.
Instead of rolling to one side, John levers himself forward to press a soft kiss into Sherlock’s hair, just over his forehead. He reaches over the side of the bed for the horrible hospital trousers, wipes them both clean and lies back down atop Sherlock’s body, resting his head into the dip of Sherlock’s shoulder, just above his heart.
In fact, there were two voices in the back of John’s mind; one was telling him it was the most completely normal thing to happen... after all, all of the most thrilling and exciting moments along this last year had Sherlock involved some way or another. He knew it had been the same for his friend. It could be just a simple muddle, Sherlock claimed, after all, John was
John rolled his eyes and saw the detective putting his socks and shoes in order to be ready, jacket and all ornaments. At the time, by the corner of his eye, Sherlock saw John with his thumb over his phone.
covered in chocolate. He snorted at his own thought, he couldn't help it. His shoulders started to shake and soon a throaty little laugh escaped his lips. It was the first time in his life having such a thought, and about a man, at that. Months before, he would only imagine a naked woman – or in a nighty, in a compromising position and... that would be all.
John lifted his head from his hands and entwined his fingers in front, eyeing the ceiling with a resigned smile.
John had to suppress a shiver as he remembered Sherlock's voice and words but there, in the cafe, with the sun light, it was a bit clearer. Sherlock was asking to keep his eyes fixed on him, to observe him, to observe that. Then he asked a favour, to take the phone call as a note. For his own sake, just the same way John had asked a favour in front of Sherlock's grave.
Sherlock’s face was right against his. There was a bit of stubble-burn as Sherlock moved his face even closer, like a caress. His mouth was open against John’s jaw and he closed it over that spot, the tip of his tongue leaving a wet spot. “Is this okay?” he asked. John moaned.
"You okay there, Sherlock? Want anything?" as he got no answer, John poked his head out of the kitchen, with the lights of the street and his now dilated pupils, he was able to see Sherlock's silhouette, the faint layer of sweat over his neck and the way he was stretching uncomfortably over the couch. "Sherlock?"
As soon as his eyes were on the man, John recognised the lanky git that was his co-worker and his eyebrows went up in surprise. “Yeah, my God, I didn’t recognise you!” He looked taller now and less of a dork; even his voice was a bit different.
Lestrade placed both laptops on the kitchen table and snorted at the detective and the resigned face of the doctor helping him out. He walked back to help John to put a talking Sherlock back in bed.
. Detective Inspector Lestrade had come in to take the notebooks away, just after Sherlock had changed the password to both of them.
“Eight known in which we were able to trace PIEDRA, but I was reading about two or four more possible cases in the States. None in the UK whatsoever. Maybe they’ll deport her back.”
"What the hell is he talking about? I have never shot you!" Greg whispered, taking his phone and pressing the STOP button from the recording. The voice and look in Sherlock's face giving him the chills.
A strange sense of déjà vu invaded the doctor; his memory travelled to the past for a few nanoseconds, and he saw himself walking in on Irene and Sherlock when she was naked in front of him. Sherlock had exactly the same expression; like saying
even more than before. He wanted to be the only responsible of John's feelings, not a response of a stimulus that he they had built together but this time built by Sherlock alone.
“Hear me out.” John came one step closer, stopping a meter or so behind Sherlock. Two more steps and he would be able to touch him if he wanted to. Their eyes met in the mirror. “You inhaled the same thing probably... you never wore a mask.”
"But not now." Sherlock had a smirk on his face and was still staring intently at John. They locked gazes for what seemed an eternity. John broke the visual contact. Sherlock wasn't planning on leaving more comments, but the look in John's eyes made him want to shake the doctor up a bit.
"Aw... you lovely little bald thing, I do need you. I don't like getting my hands dirty and since you're used to it, we can have our little share, I get Sherlock, you get Mycroft. It's fair, don't you think?" There was a pause, none of them talked until James cut the silence again. "Do you have everything ready? Remember you have to convince Rufus to let Sherlock to look after his boys."
"Mm-hm..." John gave Sherlock a quick look by the corner of his eye and saw the lost expression on the detective's face, he lifted his brows and exhaled. "How are you feeling about that?"
"That... was... amazing." At the known phrase, John lifted his head to look at Sherlock. They laughed shortly in between the gasps.
She moved her face even closer to Sherlock's, he instantly moved his neck back to add inches between their faces. She was talking to him, her lips were touching a spot below his ear and he was smiling. But that smile was closer to a smirk, John had seen that gesture. It was the same gesture he had when hearing something out of place... or plainly stupid. When she closed her lips, Sherlock moved his lips near her ear and they moved, talking to her. John felt a burning sensation in his chest. He knew exactly the tone his voice held now. He knew Sherlock's voice would resonate inside her body. He knew the voice was throaty and extremely sensual... but he also knew there was nothing but harsh words coming from those lips.
There was something, inside his mind palace, a poster hanging at the entry. Every time he went there he saw it:
"Please," he said somewhat sarcastically, "do keep in mind that this is my way to see to your protection." His voice was small as he left the flat. Sherlock heard the main door slam behind his brother. By the window, he saw a black car disappearing.
He wrote down everything as he was told, the laptop's battery was almost dying, but he managed to write everything down and, taking a memory flash, he saved a copy of the whole folder just in case.
The detective remembered the time he was philosophising about the basic instincts and urges. Again, John was a soldier, and he listened to his most ulterior and basic needs, letting them expose him, like most people do. Most of them, like John, didn't even realise they do this kind of things.
"All of the passengers please, fasten your seatbelts…" as the flight attendant gave them instructions, John turned his phone off and waited patiently. He knew the flight wouldn't last long and that today it would be a very long day. He closed his eyes and allowed himself a little nap.
“Yes.” She looked at John and sighed again, giving up, her arms falling to her sides. “Look, I never thought it was going to be relevant. I’m…” Sherlock made a gesture for her to continue, but she seemed hesitant.
John arrived home about nine pm. After they took off from the facility in the morning, he and Sherlock had stopped by to eat when he received a call from the clinic. He always thought his 'adventures' with Sherlock were pretty much incompatible with clinic hours, especially those times when Sarah asked something from him and he really didn't want to go. This time, he’d asked Sherlock if there was something else he could help and the detective had given him his
“Look at Slaney’s Spa’s logo.” Sherlock handed John another photo of the logo in question; a vector image that somehow fitted Elsie Patrick’s profile; her hair and sculpted nose, and in a red circle (Sherlock’s handy work), there was the drawing of a stick man holding a little triangular flag with the initials
"And you know the worst part?" John asked, his voice breathy to such extent, that Ella thought that John would either collapse or have a panic attack any moment. She just shook his head at the question. "The worst part is that I was- I
"You sure?" John gave him a side glance from his newspaper. He smiled gently at the expression of the detective.
That made John snort louder and Sherlock followed with one of his smiles. The noises got louder so now three cameras on Sherlock’s phone had a red dot over them. For each loud moan, they looked at each other and snickered like little kids.
“I brought the wireframe of the software we’re going to offer; I uploaded it to my site with that other thing,” Craig whispered as they sat in front of a big desk, his curly hair tickling Sherlock’s cheek. “It’s going to take us 20 minutes – give or take –, if she asks questions maybe more.” He chuckled and added, “You look so weird in glasses.”
Shaking a bit his head, Lestrade took his phone from his pocket and dialled, sighing deeply as he waited to the other person on the line.
was the one that had given Craig access to the photographs, the thermal cameras and the names of most of them.
"Thank you very much, Mr..." Sherlock got closer to the paper "Mr. Lawrence is it?" the old cabbie smiled and nodded.
Releasing his erection, he also released a big gulp of air from his lungs in the form of a loud sigh. He blinked slowly again and turned his neck to the side of the bed in which John had slept. It was cold already and that made Sherlock feel incredibly lonely, words burned into his mind again.
Suddenly, Sherlock's strokes on John became urgent and stopped, his breathing was more rapid. He clenched his eyes tightly and let out a long, deep moan.
In a matter of seconds, Sherlock noticed John was visible in the light so he switched positions quickly, pinning John to the wall on his right and back, the stair at his left and Sherlock in front. The detective was over him, protecting him, covering both with his large coat. His hands were supporting his weight on the wall behind, at both sides of John's head, so as not to fall on the doctor. John's hands were unconsciously grabbing Sherlock's shirt at chest height, trying to maintain their balance.
Sherlock stepped in and smirked. He had taken off his scarf, coat and blazer and he, like John, was only in a white button-up shirt. It wasn't chilly outside and the flat was still illuminated by the first hours of sunset, giving the place a comfy, cosy feeling.
“You were looking at Chloe and smiling every few minutes. You know she’s going to be thrilled to reunite with her fiancée’s godfather.”
Sherlock supported his back on the sofa and tilted his head back. A bitter smile ghosted over his lips as he realised the similarity of his posture to his brother's.
Sherlock lifted his face a bit. “She’s an MI6 trained agent who happens to have a nanny training. She used to be undercover for families in which the kids are usually the targets.”
"Truth!" Mycroft snorted, clearly irritated by now, "do you even have an idea..." he lowered his voice, it had been rising with each word and now the word
, Sherlock." Armand lifted himself from the chair, he took the card from Sherlock's fingers and put it in the detective’s shirt breast pocket. Then he moved his lips closer his left ear, his hand cupped the opposite jaw. Slowly, he moved his fingers to the back of his neck "I've wanted you since the day I read the blog..." at this, Sherlock opened wide eyes. The young man continued, "I can tell you like the attention. You get upset 'cause no one seems to take in consideration your analytical reasoning..."
"Oh, no worries. I have a case you might be interested in... And I'm a huge fan of your blog! Man, I can't believe I'm meeting you for real!"
"We can't know if we have to go out in the middle of the night." He said browsing something on the internet.
He hissed through his teeth when John’s fingertips casually grazed the underside of his buttocks under the towel.
"You're joking, right?" John turned the kettle on and placed two mugs over the sink, Sherlock immediately sat on their large couch, turning on the telly and changing rapidly to the news’ channel.
going to do this. ” John moved closer, his breathing loud. He stopped a foot behind Sherlock, “I’m your – I thought I was your best friend.”
“Back to business, then,” he started, his voice soft. “I found the lead we were looking for. We need to go to Elsie Patrick’s house tonight.”
John knew he had to act fast but he was also feeling a rush of something; he felt calmer, not as desperate as before.
normal behaviour for a spa. Look, this is the largest towel in here and it’s supposed to cover your whole… bits, and here, listen to this. Every bottle you see here is clearly labelled as
He was about to open his eyes when he heard the cap of another bottle being opened, he felt the linen move where the slides were and then John’s warm hands on his calves.
he snapped mentally. Just exactly, how many times had he laid in bed wondering if he had hurt Sherlock's feelings when he had just met him? One scene after another, the doctor noticed how his mind refused to shut up, it showed in repeat mode some of the most significant moments where Sherlock had let his feeling to surface a bit.
"I never meant to offend you, Mr. Holmes," said the man regretfully, "it's just... this is the most risky thing I've ever gotten myself into, so I'm sure you understand me, I'm a little anxious."
"I only state what I see, Sherlock." John moved his other hand and positioned it over Sherlock's hand above his own; he grabbed it gently and stared at Sherlock's eyes. For a moment in the flat, there was nothing but the feeling of warm hands trapping a very cold one. "And you need to eat."
“Your hands. They’re trembling now. Oi! You okay?” John touched Sherlock’s forehead and his hand came off damp.
having nightmares and tried to focus there. John really thought he was having a nightmare after all. All of the pieces fit in the puzzle, but there was only one thing out of place. "I need to recreate the scene..." he muttered. John was taken aback now.
"I'm really sorry for tonight," he said, Sherlock lifted his gaze from the phone to him, "for any... inconvenience. I'll take the uh... sofa’s offer..." and then, like remembering something, he took a big gulp of air and added, "I won't say anything, I mean about my feelings for you. I do have them, I can't do anything about it. But I won't... tell Dr. Watson."
The facility they reached was nothing like the usual quiet place it used to be; it was now surrounded by the force in every corner. Lestrade talked frantically by phone with someone when John and Sherlock arrived to the place. He gestured in the air and his voice was loud, now and then he would take the phone from his ear and roll his eyes to the sky.
Apparently, Sherlock had heard too, because he stopped the movement of his hips and his mouth. John looked up, and what he saw made him resolute on what he was thinking about doing: Sherlock was panting so hard, his lips red because of the friction of his stubble, he blinked a few times. John had never seen anything so debauched in his life, he was pretty sure of that.
“Touch him like what?” Sherlock’s voice was soft and his hands were back in front of his lips like a prayer, he had a soft smile, like John did when testing the waters approaching a woman.
He couldn't help but stare at the scene in front; Sherlock's shirt was almost completely open and it dangled from his slender frame instead being tucked in his trousers as usual. His bare feet and dishevelled hair gave him a very contradictory look against the composed man in front. It was an awkward view for John; he had to admit it was always fascinating to observe Sherlock confronting his brother, he always was taken aback by the way Mycroft could lose his patience with him and vice versa, it was almost like a child dispute every time, even if there was such a serious topic at hand like now.
"Excellent." Sherlock jumped from his chair and practically ran to the front door. John and the landlady shared a look and then a soft chuckle.
. All that was missing was a fireplace and a heart shaped rug, a bottle of champagne... and Sherlock in that... bloody blue robe with nothing underneath... and maybe a couple of strawberries covered in chocolate – strawberry flavoured
John cleared his throat softly and Sherlock stopped moving. Slowly, he lifted his face from his shoulder and blinked a couple of times again, focusing his eyes on John's. He noted the frown of the older man looking at him with a confused expression, his lips furrowed. The brows of the detective darted up and his hand made a fist over John's chest. He froze.
Deliberately Sherlock stood next to the bed for several seconds taking in the naked form of John Watson, something he couldn't do before. He found himself incredibly aroused only by looking and taking in little details such as scars, there was a very visible scar below the knee. Sherlock could almost see the scene in his head of John falling over a sharp object; he got closer and by the irregularity of it he concluded it was a stone. Soon he was bending over, brushing his finger over the scar tissue and then his fingers were replaced by his lips. He kissed the spot and then smelled again. There the smell of soap was stronger than other spots.
"Oh... but you like my voice, John." Sherlock closed his opened eye again and moved his arms a little, sprawling them over the back of the sofa.
After a beat, Rosie made a noise in her throat – very similar to Sherlock’s frustrated groan – and lifted both her hands to her face in a dramatic gesture. Something was distressing her and she’d clearly learned from the best.
"Oh, I would expect no less." Sherlock stretched his back and rested both of his arms at the back of his chair. He placed his left thigh over his right one, his chin dipped down to his chest and he stared up, almost in an insolent gesture.
“Oh no, no. Please. I’m not after the data. I was curious because of the old software structure.” Sherlock made a gesture as if drawing in the air as he spoke. She smiled again. “Excuse me for my rudeness...”
“You… brilliant man,” John said. Even in the dark, he could see Sherlock’s head snapping to frown at him in surprise and his mouth opening in a small and silent gasp.
John shook his jacket a bit and glared at Sherlock, who was already a few metres away. John had to jog again to catch him.
When Sherlock stepped into the kitchen, it was John's turn to claim the bathroom. Sherlock heard the door slam and, with fast moves, he grabbed five cans of beer from the fridge and placed them over the table. Then he turned on the kettle, he needed a cup of tea, who knows why. He also placed a cup, a spoon, sugar, everything at one side of the cans. Finally he supported his hip on the table and waited for John.
The noises downstairs were those of Mrs Hudson getting ready for the day, she was probably going to bring tea and check if they needed something else to eat.
from New York, though. She left everything there, a big penthouse, her own laboratory… she was a scientist. Once a scientist, always a scientist. Why would she come here and become a florist instead?” Sherlock’s eyes followed John’s hands over his muscles, over his veins, sometimes John’s knuckles would brush the sides of Sherlock’s chest.
Mrs Hudson was not an idiot. She heard muffled talking somewhere around the house so she busied herself with what she could, trying to make as much noise as she was able to. She was not going downstairs again; it was a lot of effort to come up already.
"Alright. I'm going to the Yard kids... I will come here tomorrow to check on the laptops... any news, let me know."
He chuckled as Rosie started to tell Mycroft and John about the genius Billy and the idiot prince Myke, then he sat on his chair and closed his eyes, his mind back on the case.
Several minutes passed and John only heard the keyboard of Sherlock's laptop pressing rapidly, obviously he was looking for data of the painting. John's phone vibrated over the table, he looked at the screen.
“But he seemed disposed to prolong my eagerness.” He saw how John moved from the foot of the stretcher to the side, so the back of his head would be visible if the camera went off. He also noticed how John had started to pant but Sherlock couldn’t pinpoint when. He was too preoccupied with the hands that were roaming below the towel by his sides, thumbs grazing the protuberance of the bones of his hips.
"Shut up." Shelock smiled at the reply. John cleared his throat and questioned "And what did you tell her...?"
"Just hang up... or I can pass you over to another agent if you like." The woman said, clearly irritated for the lack of response.
Two men in suits, one of them being Mycroft, explained the case to them. John was having a hard time focusing on his tea. He concentrated on trying to catch the most relevant bits of the meeting... his mind was still elsewhere though. Little white letters continued to float around Sherlock. He tried to ignore them. He wondered if that was the way Sherlock saw -
“Let me get this right,” Martin said, trying to put all the pieces together. “You found the names of the cameras because years ago Wilson’s nephew helped Abby to make a software for an illegal business which he, what, knew was going to be illegal?”
"Sherlock," he said "I'll be right back." John stood up and Sherlock followed his movements with his eyes, then he faked a pout on his face. John laughed at his childish manner and told him, rolling his eyes "loo".
There was a small moment in which neither talked, both just sipping their tea in companionable silence, stealing glances at each other from time to time until Sherlock’s eyes stayed fixed on John’s hands around the cup. A throat clearing took him back from his reverie.
"That factory used to have a fine lab. I recognised the address Lestrade gave us." Sherlock whispered. John felt the voice resonating in his head; the detective had gotten closer to look outside the window above his right shoulder. "I used to go there sometimes, since they had better equipment than Bart’s." John's heart started to jump inside his chest at the closeness, Sherlock continued in the same whispering tone, he didn't want the cabbie to hear him, "there, I could replicate the reagent that can be precipitated by haemoglobin alone... you know, that glowing blue substance used in forensics, also known as luminol."
"Thank you, Dr. Watson." The man said, he took a sit on the chair offered by John in the living room.
"Check that out," he yelled, "your friend always does that same thing..." Jack shook his head, amused, but still had this smirk on his face.
"Well?" Mycroft lifted an eyebrow and rested his elbow over the desk. He watched intently at his little brother, shadows making his face even more angular than usual and his eyes even lighter and brighter. "I assume you didn't call me just to fight in the way."
"‘The moment I met you I saw that you were quite unconscious of what you really are, what you really might
“You were the last client today, actually,” John said, still beaming, as she rummaged through her pantry. “I had another induction to something else after you left,” he added and immediately cleared his throat. “Did… did Rosie get any sleep after nursery?”
“Not a word, no matter what you’ve deduced.” Sherlock washed his hands in the sink and sat in front of his warm tea. He drank it all with a few gulps and grabbed a sandwich from the tray, waving the empty mug at Mrs Hudson in a silent plea - order, actually - for more.
"And I told you Mycroft... it is impossible for them to track the cars to me, I left the cover up to my best men." Phillip had his legs crossed and the teacup in his hand moved from time to time to his lips. He cleared a bit his throat and placed his elbows over his knees, looking intently at the older Holmes' brother "To our men."
"I need to know, John..." Sherlock sat at the border of the bed, besides John, "about what we talked earlier."
Moving his gaze a little lower he fixed it over the cupid bows on his upper lips. Little red marks above them, a hollow at the end of each curve where it met the lower lip. He remembered the texture, how warm and soft they were. Somehow his mind flew back to their first kiss. A stupid peck first and then a dry, naive, inexperienced kiss. His heart started to beat loudly against his chest but he ignored it. He moved his gaze to the beauty marks above his neck and he had to blink. Somehow blinking right now was a waste of time.
"Simple. Because I am you. I want to shake hands with you in hell... because you, Sherlock are the fallen angel, aren't you? You always thought of yourself like that, since you were rejected as a kid, remember? And I? I am your counterpart. You're the human part who wanted to remain human, who wanted to stay here whilst I am the part that went deeper. The part you don't dare to surface. Your darkest half. Everything in the world is all about light and darkness, Sherlock... and we're that together: the perfect combination."
"Please Amanda, ask Donovan to prosecute this and to talk to the judge; tell her we’re making an appointment for tomorrow morning…"
Sherlock frowned. “Not at all.” He turned and subtly buttoned the jeans up as he walked to his chair, tried to control his racing heart and needy lungs. So mundane, but he
John directed an amused smile at the stairs. Sighing, he locked the door and followed his companion. "Sherlock, I am not going to resort to sex to obtain information!"
"Help!" Was the only answer from the doctor. Lestrade opened the door quietly, only to find John spread all over the floor; Sherlock was sitting over John's stomach, straddling his torso. He was laughing and his head waved a little, in a semi conscious state.
Sherlock's back was not longer against the door and his stance was quieter as he observed down to John's fist on his shirt. There was a noise in the kitchen now, the noise of the kettle gave them a few more minutes in this cocoon inside the bathroom - again. So he dared. He dared put his own hands over John’s on his chest, applying pressure so John could feel his heart beating and do whatever he wanted with that information.
“Look, I’m not really allowed to show this to other people.” Her shoulders went down immediately and her smile faded somewhat. That would not do. Time to change tactics.
“Ah. Yes. Also, you moved back, with Rosie… and I want to be better for the both of you. I promised.”
"The amount was minimal to get a reaction from you. You know I had to, John." He said, sitting next to the doctor, who remained lying down for a couple of seconds before sitting himself up. The detective sat with his feet over the couch and his knees to his chest. "What do you remember about the after effects?"
' John tried to stop his internal fighting. A frown formed on his face. He returned his gaze to the girl in front of him hoping she hadn't noticed, but she was too interested in Sherlock to care.
It had been the last day of therapy with Ella. Also the first, but as soon as he was in he decided it was also going to be the last one.
And now, there were still things he could never risk, though. Even if his body was screaming for release, he knew John was upstairs with Rosie. Rosie was going to sleep for about three more hours, and John usually needed 20 to 30 minutes to be fully asleep. Plus one hour for him to reach REM, that left him with one hour and a half to kill. He thought about going to one of his boltholes, but walking at this hour of the night with his tenting jeans wasn’t a tempting option.
"I like this one better." Sherlock said, his lips were brushing his skin as he spoke. He inhaled deeply again, "I definitely like this one better."
He tried to classify all of that, but he felt at lost. It was as if he wandered around John's room and the sensations' room and the physical contact's room all by separate. He stepped in the middle of it and felt like screaming. He wanted to shout badly. So he did. He shouted in his mind; he was frustrated and confused. Right in his mind palace, his cry echoed around John's room. He knew that if he moved all of the files from John's room to
“Okay, go ahead. Tell me how plainly ordinary I am; I wanted to hear that. How long has it been? Three years?” John said with an eye-roll.
"Uh… well, bad news. You probably won't be meeting Sherlock for now." John read the facts he had scribbled on his notepad.
Sherlock clenched his jaw, "he was a good ally, I know nothing about him now though." He couldn't help a little sad tone under his voice, down casting as the words left his lips.
John grinned. Yes, he remembered they talked about that even in the blog's comments. Sherlock complained a lot for the constant references John used to make about their cases.
When John closed the door, Sherlock sighed and shivered shortly but violently. No way back now. He moved behind a bamboo screen in a corner and started to undress.
Sherlock smiled back, his face completely relieved, and stared at John's eyes for a moment. To John, it was an eternity. This time, it was Sherlock whom got closer. He closed his eyes slowly, parted a little his lips and pressed them over John'. It was the first time Sherlock kissing someone like that by own initiative. He decided to enjoy the moment. Never taking his hands off John's face, he parted his lips further and felt John doing the same. Their lips moved together, slowly. Neither of them wanted to involve tongue. John moaned involuntarily, for it was the best kiss he'd ever had. It was slow and sensual, naive even. The dry sounds resonating in the room of lips against lips was nearly indecent.
John sighed. He needed a glass of warm milk. After that, he would wake Sherlock up and make both of them go to sleep.
When they both got to a desolated place, Sherlock eyed everywhere, then loosed his scarf and put it inside his coat pocket. John was still confused. Sherlock lifted an eyebrow to him "We just need to get some attention."
“I mean it. It’s fine,” John turned to look at Sherlock and Sherlock noted with horror how John’s eyes roamed over his body, stopping for a second on the tented towel. He didn’t seem uncomfortable, which told a great deal about John Watson’s personality. “I can turn around for a bit if you… need…” he cleared his throat as he motioned with his hand in the direction of Sherlock’s groin.
a coward, I wanted- I still want to know, what he told me, and I didn't tell him that I really, really wanted to know. Why didn't I? Oh, because I'm stupid, a coward."
"Yes... I think she did it so Sherlock couldn't take it off by himself, so the drug would have more time to get into his system. I asked Lestrade and he informed me the blond woman had her arms under Sherlock's shirt by his collar... I think she was trying to delay the process, so we couldn't find the patch, it was hidden there..." John answered; his voice was awfully quiet, as if he didn't want to disturb the quiet inside the flat.
"What are you doing?" John got closer to the detective. He had his knees pressed to his chest, and his arms wrapped around them, trying to keep himself warm. He didn't pay much attention on how close they were, it was cold and the source of heat was welcomed.
. He placed the kit over the table and prepared tea, getting a cup for himself. He also placed the five cans back into the fridge.
. He quickly scanned the cafeteria. Sherlock was easily spottable, so soon John knew he wasn't there.
At the use of her name she frowned and sighed. She was mad, but that simple petition didn't seem that hard to follow, especially if the man in front seemed so disarmed.
confirmed it, the man's cause of death wasn't overdose; heroin levels in the man's system weren't high enough to kill him. It was a cardiac arrest, caused by the younger son when he told his father he was getting married. Of course, a catholic man wouldn't want his son to marry a Jewish girl, but that wasn't the worst part. The worse was that he recognised his future daughter in law, because he’d had an intimate relationship with her in the past… probably because he was her teacher and she was the student who would do anything to get good grades…" Sherlock got closer to the girl who had lost the colour from her face. "It's truly denigrating to witness people relying on sex to achieve their goals; little confidence is something that only proves how low we humans can hit bottom…" Sherlock was staring at the girl once again. She was pale, uncomfortable with Sherlock's gaze and proximity. John realised Sherlock was talking to her, not to Lestrade. Greg had his arms crossed over his chest, with the folder hanging from one of his hands, eyes glued on Sherlock with a
, yes. Two previous cases. The first was documented in 2008 and the second in 2010, both in America,” Sherlock checked his phone. “We are leaving in an hour.”
He didn't even sign the mail, so Sherlock took off, he would go there rather texting, he needed something to keep his mind distracted, John wasn't leaving him in peace.
“You know-” Lestrade let out a laugh, catching up. “You know, I thought you…” He cleared his throat and started over. “No, y’know what? It’s fine. I’ll send backup just in case. I’ll be in contact with Constable Miller as well.”
Sidney still had her hands on her eyes, the jar on the floor, leaving a strong scent in the air. Elsie was watching the scene behind them. She struggled to get free but the old man was obviously stronger than her with her weakened body. Sherlock fought the need to sneeze as the man underneath the blanket struggled to get free in time with Detective Martin coming into the room with two Yarders behind him, all of them wearing air-purifying respirators. Sherlock hissed when Martin switched on the light.
“And Sherlock, I thought I was better than this. Realising how much of a bastard I am makes me angry. I always thought I was a good man. I wanted to be. I joined the military and was set to give my life for anyone there. Reality hit me hard and I can hardly forgive myself.”
He stood up and placed his hands firmly over John’s shoulder. “You said...” Sherlock-no. William put his face right next to John’s, his lips a caress over the other’s ear, “…a little tension between two grown men…” Sherlock’s arms went around John’s neck, hugging him, “…who meet a couple of times a week to…” Sherlock felt how John’s hand went to his hips keeping them firmly in place. He dug his fingers into the bone and Sherlock gave an involuntary moan.
behind them. That part of his brain was very aware that sex had become something vulgar and mundane. He didn't want it to be like that. It was like the word
"Mycroft." John rubbed his eyes and then stood up firmly. "Sherlock is sleeping, and I really don't want to wake him up after all the ye-"
"Well..." John frowned at his realization: talking with Sherlock about it was a lot easier than he thought, "...he told me that we could get killed... and the homeless gang was his call."
"It's alright, Sherlock..." John said out loud. Sherlock supported his elbows on the table, his eyes fixated on the beer between his hands. John mimicked his position; his right arm and Sherlock's left one were lined up, glued together. "I just had a little chat with him yesterday... I needed to uh... clear up my mind a bit."
John focused on the man above and the view made him freeze again. Sherlock was a bit frantic about this whole situation. He wanted to do so many things but he felt inexperienced. His usual composure was out of the window and John felt himself watching a whole new Sherlock, almost a teenager consumed by his own hormones, the expression on his face was priceless.
Armand was an expert dealing with feelings. He had studied them over the years in the voice of the many people who talked with him. "I've been dreaming about you, Sherlock. I see your face in my dreams, you know... I hear your voice in my fantasies..."
He saw a figure coming through the door of the shop; Mycroft wore his usual attire, a folder in one hand. When he spotted John, he slowly made his way to the table. John knew he was being
“Check my back. Your right hand should be able to reach my left pocket from behind,” Sherlock’s voice was still low and soft despite the soundproofed room. But he couldn’t help it. “Your left arm should be visible in the recording.”
Sherlock knelt next to the sleepy figure and touched the thighs, he bent his head lower and kissed the back of them, again, it was all soap smell and, as he reached more intimate zones the smell became earthy and wild and Sherlock found himself burying his nose between both thighs and he kissed, bit and licked John's buttock.
But what was happening inside his body and mind was way stronger than his logical reasoning. He was used to the close presence of his companion, to be left out of personal space when he was around, but this was completely different. His most inner desire was surfing up; he wanted to, he really wanted to cut the space between his face and Sherlock's. A terrifying and thrilling sensation was forming in his body as it reacted to his desires since, almost by itself, his hand moved to Sherlock's face.
As Lestrade turned every sheet of paper inside the folder, Sherlock faced John and took a hold of the girl looking at him. John also noticed, so he lifted an eyebrow to Sherlock and tilted his head to her. The girl didn't see John's gesture, she was absorbed staring at Sherlock.
Sherlock walked to her and placed a firm hand on her shoulder, only his eyes could be seen and she saw Sherlock again in them. They held security and a petulant stare, but as they looked at her she saw that look subsiding and those eyes smiled, wrinkling at the sides.
Sherlock left the room quickly and shut the bathroom door primly, taking John’s mind out of its momentary insanity.
Unknown to John, Sherlock had anticipated this now usual procedure. Sherlock had noticed a pattern after some time of living with John. Although Sherlock had started out not eating at all during cases, he somehow ended up eating more and more after each case. John was a person who didn’t step on your toes. He was the sort of person who respected others’ privacy and space because he expected the same. So, usually, he left Sherlock to his own devices, letting him take care of himself. However, there was still a part of him, that natural caretaker and doctor that was very unhappy to see someone deprive themselves in some way. He saw that as unhealthy, of course. So, he started nudging Sherlock here and there and at first, it didn’t work. It wasn’t until John had gotten quite short with Sherlock and actually
It was quite large and old fashioned, but done in a Victorian style. However, it was clearly well-maintained, as all the paint jobs looked recent. The floors looked brand new and the furniture looked straight out of a home magazine Mrs. Hudson would read.
he didn’t say, but he’s pretty sure Sherlock heard it anyway. God. Did he really say all that? He really should have kept his mouth shut about it all. He’s never said as much to Sherlock before. He doesn’t really know how he’ll react. Doesn’t
This was going to be fun, having Sherlock only a couple inches away and having to suppress all his urges to pin the man to the bed and do terrible things to him.
John gave him a puzzled look, but Sherlock only raised his brows. John let go of the case and let the man carry it up. He managed to give the girl at the front desk a small polite smile and went after Sherlock.
“And you, John Watson, you,” Sherlock started again, pointing the holder at John. He had moved off the couch sometime while John was deep in thought and was pacing up to John’s chair, looking intently at him. “You like danger, but you’re also a doctor. You’ve saved lives. My own included. That’s who
The man’s lips tightened and his hand clenched into a fist. He looked upset for a moment, but quickly his face changed back into an unhappy frown.
John saw Sherlock finally put actual food in his mouth and left the man to it. If he didn’t eat at least half, he’d make him eat the damn food cold.
“I heard about you two from an acquaintance. The police- they’ve done what they could, but I don’t think they’re anywhere near to figuring out the case. They need help. I need help. Please.”
John didn’t say anything, but smiled to himself. They sat in silence, Sherlock, clearly off into his head again and John, staring at him while he was distracted.
They found their room quickly and John was relieved to finally put everything down. All he wanted to do was take a nice hot shower, eat some dinner, and doze off. But with the case going on, that probably wasn’t going to happen. For now, he took a seat in one of the chairs near the fireplace and tried to relax.
“No. Of course you wouldn’t. Not even when you’re clearly having marital issues,” Sherlock said this as he pointedly stared at Mr. Winfield.
“Well, where love is involved, hatred follows. You can’t have one without the other, unfortunately.”
“In other words, this doesn’t seem like a grudge or revenge killing,” John replied. Sherlock stood silently, his eyes darting about.
John is momentarily taken back to their first case together. A Study in Pink rests on his blog, documenting the beginning of John’s and Sherlock’s adventures. He remembers screaming Sherlock’s name, the bloody idiot already closing his mouth around the pill. He remembers the slight fear he felt when he saw how close Sherlock was to dying. He also remembers the determination that had set in, as it always does when in the face of danger. The shot rang out and the cabbie went down. Sherlock had stood in shock, but when he turned, John had already been gone. He could only imagine the ramifications of being found not only in possession of an illegal firearm but also guilty of shooting a cabbie. In John’s defense, he had been a bad cabbie. And a serial killer. And had the intent to kill Sherlock, although from where John had been standing, it seemed like Sherlock was perfectly alright doing that himself. Then Sherlock had found out (not like John had planned on hiding it or anything) and he looked as if he’d had a revelation, like he was seeing John in a new light, or perhaps seeing something which he had overlooked before. That night had been a good one even though the day had started out pretty poorly. They smiled and laughed and had dinner.
And now, he and the great Sherlock Holmes were digging around in the mud like school children. In the middle of the night. And they were looking for
John didn’t really like talking about his army days, but he could make an exception. Sherlock was different.
“So you know where to go. There’s an inn close by called the Morgan’s Inn. We’re all staying there at the moment, if you’d like to stay as well.”
The brows came down. It seemed John didn’t need to worry; Sherlock was quite his usual charming self.
Maybe it was because he couldn’t fully adapt or relax, but John knew those weren’t the true reasons. He slept in sometimes, when he was particularly exhausted after a long case, but usually he woke early and ready for the day to start. One day, he’d been sitting in his chair while Sherlock was scraping away on his violin. It was like any other day. And yet, in that one moment, for the first time, he recognized what he’d been feeling for so long: happiness. Genuine and true happiness. And this happiness is what woke him up every morning, ready for a case and a smiling madman to take him away.
Could this be their killer? He didn’t seem like one. But then again, you could never trust appearances. He acted suspiciously, but all suspects did. He’d learned over the years not to make hasty judgements.
“Nothing ever is. There is always room for doubt, for speculation, for error. But, looking through all the facts we do have, there is no other easier explanation for all of them.”
“Yes,” Sherlock replied, putting on a quick smile. John could see through it, but then again Sherlock wasn’t trying to be genuine.
Sherlock sighed. “I’m not the one ‘taking an interest’. You are,” Sherlock said, looking directly at John. He stopped abruptly and turned toward a door. He raised his knuckle and quickly struck the wood.
He didn’t appear to hear, as he moved closer to the body, then away again. Sherlock moved about the room in his usual flurry. He bent down to examine whatever caught his eye, then moved away and took in the whole of the scene before him. His eyes shifted from one thing to another, clearly deducing and connecting the dots. He saw things that John did not; he always managed to look beyond the obvious, to find meaning in what he saw. John was getting better at it, having spent so much time with Sherlock, but still, he did not think he could solve this case as quickly as Sherlock.
John had recently given up on any romantic endeavors; with Sherlock around, a relationship wasn’t going to happen. He was simply too devoted to the bastard to focus on anyone else. But in doing so, he also gave up a reasonable outlet for his frustrations so now he had to deal with them alone and as discreetly as possible.
“Sherlock. And you are?” he drawled, a single brow raised. John just barely managed to restrain an eye roll and sighed.
He got up and went to the bathroom to change for bed. When he came out, Sherlock had not moved. He sat staring straight ahead, in his own world again. John left him to it; he’d come back when he was done thinking.
He always did that. It was sort of like their routine: Sherlock refused to eat, John basically ordered him to non verbally, Sherlock pouted and sulked for show, and then he finally ate something more substantial than biscuits.
The room was slightly different to their own, but overall was pretty much the same. Except for the bed. It was for one person only. That’s strange. Marital problems? Whilst there is a murder investigation? Suspicious.
“She was pretty,” Sherlock spoke up, taking him out of his thoughts. John saw that his coat was off and he was taking a seat in the chair opposite, reminiscent of the ones back home. “If you go in for that sort of thing.”
John glared at Sherlock. He knew exactly what his losses said about him, he just hoped that Sherlock didn’t. It wasn’t anything Sherlock had to know.
“I know what it sounds like, but maybe we shouldn’t jump to conclusions. Maybe we should actually speak to this friend first.”
The case was interesting, but he didn’t take it for that reason alone. He loved these particular cases where he and John could get out of the city. Although they were solving cases, they were also relaxing. They both loved the city, of course, but even men like them needed a break from it.
He’d gotten so lost in his search that he was startled when Sherlock flopped into the chair opposite of his.
Sherlock let out an exasperated breath. “The girl at the front desk, Claire. Didn’t you read her name tag?”
She handed the keys to Sherlock. He gave her a quick smile, which she politely returned, and turned to John.
“Precisely. Now, people in love are usually blind and unwaveringly loyal to their partners. But look at Mr. Winfield’s response. He didn’t show much confidence in Mrs. Winfield’s fidelity. He’s doubting her. Clearly, this isn’t something that just happened. Their problems have been ongoing. But he tried to downplay it.”
(for a lack of a better word) to be cared for. Plus, it didn’t hurt to see John like that. He really liked it when John was like that. Stern and commanding. Every time he pulled that face on Sherlock, he felt a fluttering somewhere in his stomach.
“May we come in?” John asked. He wanted to be careful with this man. He seemed to be a nervous type.
John gave a quick nod and went after Sherlock, who was stalking away already. He glanced back only once, to see if John was actually following or not.
“So it can’t be a copycat,” John said, realization finally hitting him. “This one was killed in the owners’ room.”
He was so gone that he startled at the loud bang of the front door being shut, momentarily pausing his twisting the cigarette holder in his hand. The telltale signs of John’s footsteps squeaked out as the wooden floorboards creaked under heavy footsteps.
“No. There’s no point going out now. I wouldn’t be able to see anything in the dark anyway. I guess I’ll just have to wait for tomorrow.”
admit out loud to anyone, ever); Mycroft didn’t need to know him on an even more…personal level. He could already see the knowing, smug smirk on his face.
The covers were also ripped and the bottom side of them were also stained. Clearly the suspect stabbed the victim through the covers. The body was already discolored. Her back (where it was exposed) and the back of her legs were deep red; all the blood in her body has already sunk due to gravity. When John reached out to touch her arm with a gloved hand, he could feel that her body was very stiff.
In the morning, John found himself waking up first for the first time ever, probably. He was used to an early schedule after the army and it had never seemed to have left him. He was always on schedule no matter how long he lived a civilian life. Well, if you want to call his life
They decided to leave as soon as possible and would arrive at some time in the evening. They might even have time to take a look around. Sherlock, for once, did the responsible thing, and asked Lestrade to tell the local police over there to expect him. John suspected he only did that because he knew it’d be the fastest way to the crime scene. He was quite frankly amazed that Sherlock had put off being dramatic for practical reasons. He’d never thought he’d see the day that Sherlock Holmes did something without infusing drama into it some way. But then again, he did seem overly excited. It had been a while and the man seemed to be happy to finally get something interesting. A murder in a locked room; it was right up his alley.
“Hello, Mr. Winfield. Sherlock Holmes,” Sherlock finally said, sticking out his hand for a shake. The man ignored it. Sherlock ignored him ignoring his hand and went on without a pause. “And this,” he gestured to John, “is my partner, Doctor John Watson.” John gave a nod to the man and the man stared at him for a while before nodding back.
He held his hand as carefully still as possible and slowly pulled up. He was almost there when the doorbell rang quite loudly, startling him and causing him to touch the edge. The board made a buzzing noise and John cursed, “Shit!” He’d been so sure he’d get at least one right, but even this one he messed up.
One night stands were an option, but John wasn’t that sort of person. As Sherlock had said, he was a romantic.
“Don’t be ridiculous, John. That is physically impossible. You were staring at her and I noticed your pupils were dilated. Also, she has the typical physical characteristics of what you find attractive. She’s just your ‘type’. So, therefore, attraction.”
“Yes,” Sherlock agreed, earning him a couple of raised brows from John. “Right after you tell us your case and we decide it’s in any way fascinating.”
“No one’s in the house, John. Besides, I just figured it out. The killer left through the balcony, but came in a different way.”
“That would certainly explain the closed door and how they got in. But then there’s the knife. Did they get it before hand? They must’ve. But there aren’t any tracks in the house.”
A couple hours later, the sky darkening and the sun going down, they arrived at a large building with a big sign on the front reading “The Morgan’s Inn”. Sherlock parked their rental and John got out to get their stuff from the trunk. He met Sherlock at the entrance and they walked into the lobby where they were greeted by a young woman at a desk. She smiled politely at them, though her gaze lingered on Sherlock a bit.
Sherlock spoke up first. “I am Sherlock Holmes and this is my friend and partner, Doctor John Watson. What is your case?”
“I’m not actually smoking, you know,” he said somewhat petulantly, taking the holder out of his mouth.
“Maybe they didn’t want to seem suspicious. You know, if one of them blames the other, it might look like they’re just trying to pin the blame, because they’re guilty.”
“Reservation for Holmes,” Sherlock replied in a bored tone. Sherlock looked to John and saw a confused look on his face. When John looked at him he smiled innocently and turned back to the girl. When did he even have the time to make reservations?
Now he acted as if it was some great burden, but truly he did not mind much. He simply liked the attention it got him. It felt
While Sherlock had accompanied John to the dining room, he ran off with a few of John’s chips to do hell knows what. Probably to interrogate some people.
Apparently something was dropped here. John hoped it was the murder weapon; it’d make things much easier. But of course, it was never easy. Not for them, at least.
“Mhmm,” he replied and went back to looking. John did the same, though he was ready to give up. He shone the torch in another direction and sure enough, he spotted something.
Sherlock, meanwhile, drove on in thought. He looked straight ahead at the road, but half his mind was on the case. He knew theorizing before he got all the facts was a terrible idea, but he was already thinking of a few possible solutions.
“Hmm? Oh. Yeah, I know. Just umm- Anyway, what are you up to? Any new cases?” John said, quickly changing the subject. Sherlock scrutinized him for a moment, quickly deducing what he’d been up to the whole day, then turned back to stare at the ceiling and continued to nibble on his holder.
“They’re hiding something,” Sherlock said abruptly. He plopped down in his own chair, apparently done with the pacing.
Sherlock urged John out of his seat by his shoulders and pushed him towards the door. The man looked as confused as John felt, but John was not new to this experience. He let himself be led out of the man’s room without question.
, he would say. There were no problems at all other times, but during a case Sherlock put it off. And usually John let him, but they’ve reached a point where they would compromise. One meal per day. It seemed to work. Most of the time.
Sherlock quickly looked at John out of the corner of his eye. He didn’t seem any different than usual. So why was Sherlock so bothered?
“No,” he answered quickly. John narrowed his eyes at him and Sherlock looked off to the side. “Maybe. A bit. Just the one. Promise.”
They sat in silence for a couple of seconds, just looking at each other after having shouted like bloody five year olds at one another.
It took the man a second to figure out what Sherlock was saying, but once he did he got into a rage. His face turned red, his hands clenched into fists, and he practically seethed as he said, “Mr. Holmes, I don’t know what you’re implying, but if you must know, I am very loyal to my wife. I would never betray her trust.”
Sherlock remained silent, still staring off into nowhere. It was usual Sherlock behavior, but John still felt somehow discomfited.
“You do know I’m not perfect. No matter how close I get, there will always be something that I’ll get wrong. There will be times when my judgement may be clouded by other things. Like curiosity or the thrill of finding out a puzzle. I may go to extreme lengths that, by some standards, are idiotic, just to find out how a murderer committed a crime and risk myself getting killed. It’s who I am.”
Sherlock, John noted, was also holding a cigarette holder and absentmindedly nibbling on the end of it. Sherlock turned his head and looked up at John. He noticed John pointedly staring at the holder and scowled.
“My brother,” Sherlock replied, putting down the holder and taking the glass. The second the first drop hit his throat, Sherlock gulped everything down at once. He felt like a man in a desert who had finally stumbled upon a small oasis. He hadn’t even known he was thirsty until John offered him the water.
The room which held the crime scene was equally beautiful. Old fashioned furniture, but newly done up walls. The floor was a dark almost black wood. The rug was unfortunately white. A nice place to live. If you ignore the blood.
“Hmm. But surely, one game of Operation isn’t above your skill? And yet, not one win. What does that say about you?”
“I don’t,” Sherlock answered quickly. Too quickly. His eyes widened, but he schooled his expression.
John picked up the newspaper of the day and continued reading where he’d stopped when Sherlock had decided on playing children’s board games.
“Exactly. They must’ve. They certainly didn’t climb down; there’s not much to grab onto. They probably tried but fell. There
He was cut short; the door had slowly opened, creaking loudly. Behind it was a man, older than the both of them, about Mrs. Winfield’s age. He had dark hair that was graying at his temples. He wore simple clothes, just a button up and trousers.
John followed this woman up the stairs and into their living room, where there was a chair already in place for her. Sherlock was in his own chair, cool mask on and fingers steepled together.
“Well. I went to the army for a reason. I went to serve and protect the country. I went so I could save lives, even though I did end up ending a few. When I was there, I was…I was surrounded by my mates. I was surrounded by chaos and misery and yet.” John cleared his throat, finding it hard to go on. He didn’t look up at Sherlock, but he could feel that intense gaze on him. “And yet, there were also a lot of good times. I loved the excitement, the danger, as you already know. When I put on my uniform, I wasn’t just John Watson anymore, I was a soldier, a doctor, a brother in arms. My plain life was left behind and I marched into battle, into the midst of chaos, because I loved it. And then I was, well, you know. And now I’m here. And it’s, well, um, it’s good. Yeah, good, but- I still miss the uniform, but that doesn’t mean I
“Some things are meant to be felt, not understood,” Sherlock said, taking off his coat and sitting down in his chair.
“So, uh, back on topic. They either came or left through the balcony. So you think they dropped something here?”
“Uh, yeah. Come in,” John replied, moving aside and ushering her in. He didn’t ask who she was; it was quite obvious that she was a client.
“Yes, the doors. There’s a balcony in the room. It wasn’t locked properly. And there was a bit of mud on the floor near it. Small enough that it could have been missed. Not by me, of course.”
“Well, they both clearly don’t trust each other: staying away, not talking, lack of loyalty-” Sherlock stopped, his eyes widening.
“Mm. No.” Sherlock was staring straight ahead, but saw John walk into the living room out of the corner of his eye.
Sherlock stopped near John’s chair, looking down at him. John wasn’t entirely sure what to make of…all of that. What Sherlock said was just simple truth, yet it made John feel happy for some reason. Perhaps it wasn’t the words spoken, rather the way Sherlock spoke them and how he had looked while speaking them. Or maybe it was simply because Sherlock actually said, out loud, that John had saved him. He’d never really done that. Besides that, John felt as if there was more to those words than what John originally thought. He just couldn’t figure it out. Sherlock’s features were relaxed and he had a small smile on his face. John thought that he’d never looked more beautiful than in that moment.
John nodded and contemplated their clues. He let out a small “huh”. Sherlock briefly turned to look at him, curious.
“Oh, um. No. No, you didn’t,” he replied, fully sitting up now and looking at John as if he’s just seen him.
John knew the previous conversation was over. He knew Sherlock was diverting away from it and he didn’t know what to do. Should he push? Should he let it go? It was always like this with Sherlock; he never knew his allowances. Sherlock was particular and John never wanted to make him feel any discomfort. But John knew that life barely ever allowed for comfort and sometimes people needed to be pushed beyond their limitations to reach new goals. And John’s goal was to understand Sherlock. He always thought he did, he always thought,
“Yes. So the question remains: why was she here instead of her room?” Sherlock paced around, deep in thought, then stopped. He turned to look at John. “Tell me what you see,” he said, looking into John’s eyes.
John clenched his fist, then let go. There was no point getting annoyed; it was just Sherlock and he meant nothing by it. Still, he didn’t want to miss out on anything. He knew he was being ridiculous; Sherlock would tell him what happened and John didn’t need to be with him 24/7. Sure, Sherlock could be a bit...blunt, but he ultimately didn’t need John there.
“Maybe. But there is still distrust there. A careful distrust. I don’t know how to explain it. I know something’s there, but I can’t figure it out. Argh.” Sherlock scrunched up his nose in frustration and ruffled his hair with his hands. He let out an exasperated sigh as he sagged back into his chair.
He jumped out of his chair and went to his room. John looked up with puzzlement and put down the paper. He went after Sherlock, coming to stand in the doorway as he watched the madman fly about the room, gathering his things and shoving them into a case.
John smiled again and walked back to his chair. He sat down and pulled his laptop to himself, typing in his (predictable) password (5herlockpissoff; the 5 was there to throw him off and an attempt at being clever, but what John didn’t know was that Sherlock didn’t simply guess his passwords. John’s typing was so abysmally slow that all Sherlock had to do was look once and he’d have it) and began his slow, pecking typing. It had always been a pet peeve of Sherlock’s. John was such an old man sometimes.
Sherlock stood with a pout on his face, clearly put out at not getting the last word in. John took a great amount of satisfaction at being the one who got the last say. It almost never happened, but when it did, there was no better feeling. The only downside was watching the pout and suppressing all desire to kiss it off.
His expression, however, was something to be desired. He had a sour look and seemed almost angry. But, in his defense, there was a dead woman found in his bed. John wouldn’t exactly be happy with that either. And being kicked out of your own home mustn’t feel too great.
John sighed in relief as he took a seat in his own chair across from Sherlock and they both turned to the woman. Underneath her coat, she wore carefully tailored clothing, the fabrics clearly more on the expensive side and not something one would own working a regular job. She also carried herself in a very careful manner that spoke of years of practice in “proper” manners. She basically screamed “old money”.
John looked up. A woman, about his age, with light brown hair and thick rimmed glasses stood smiling with her plate in her hands.
He put his fork filled with eggs in his mouth to prevent it from fully forming and John from seeing. He felt that warmth in his chest again. He wanted so terribly to scoff.
“Sherlock, I am not attracted to her. Just because someone stares at you doesn’t necessarily mean that they have feelings for you, alright? I was just lost in thought so it looked like I was staring.”
Mrs. Winfield looked to John and continued on. “The police came and they questioned everyone. No one can stay in the house right now, not until they’re finished with the investigation. They have everyone on record, so if anyone who’s a suspect tries to run, they’ll find them, but so far no one has gone. My husband and I are staying at an inn not too far away, along with some of my guests. I’ve been cleared to go, so I came here to ask for help.” She dabbed her eye a few times. John couldn’t help but feel sorry.
“Do you miss it?” Sherlock asked, to stop the typing, but also mostly because he was genuinely curious.
“Clever, yes, but also quite foolish. She knows who I am. I wouldn’t fall for something like that. I’d figure her out very quickly.”
“Yes, I’ve thought about it, too. You see, there have been several similar murders throughout the years. A guest killed in their room. They went unsolved. It could be the same person.”
“What? No I don’t. What gave you that idea?” Sherlock’s face scrunched up in pained confusion. He was being genuine.
His thoughts were interrupted by a loud growl. For a second John thought it had been him, but he saw that it was Sherlock. The man’s cheeks slowly tinged a light pink and his mouth smoothed into a thin line. John smirked.
“Yes. My name is Jackie Winfield. I know who you are, of course. After what happened, I-” the woman took a deep breath. Shockingly, Sherlock said nothing. He didn’t roll his eyes or sigh. He didn’t even bother with deductions. He usually did those to show off, but when John turned to look at the man, he was focused on the woman, listening intently. Strange.
. It wasn’t often Sherlock felt like doing absolutely nothing. Sherlock was always doing something; if he wasn’t moving about, pacing or playing the violin, his mind was racing away with deductions about people and cases. But, at the current moment, his mind felt so sluggish that even the most basic concepts alluded him; it was torture to think about anything. He imagined this is what it felt like to be a stupid ordinary person. Little minds and little thoughts. Even his body refused to comply; it was simply too hot to walk, to sit, to move, to breathe. If he made even the smallest of movements, he was sure his skin would melt off his muscle and then the muscle would follow and John would come home to find only Sherlock’s skeleton in a bathrobe on the sofa. The Mets trying to solve the case would be a tragedy to watch and Sherlock was grateful he wouldn’t have to witness it, being dead and all. John would be sad, too. He wouldn’t want John to be sad.
“Several. I don’t want to jump to conclusions without all the necessary data, but, from what I have, there are several possible outcomes.”
Sherlock gave him a Look that John could barely stop from laughing at. He pouted and sniffed, very deeply offended one second, but hiding a smile the next.
No, this time the man climbed into bed right after John. Although they shared a bed a few times, this was a bit different from all the other times. He’d assumed that they’d stay quiet and pretend it wasn’t happening, but that hadn’t happened...
“Yes. But how likely do you think that is? The place where we were was not a casual walking path. Besides that, they did find a footprint nearby. Well, several footprints. They all matched. I doubt it was someone random just passing by when a crime scene is right there.”
“Angelina Marshall. Thirty six years old. She was a regular customer; came to stay almost every month. She has- had- a sort of freelance job, something on the computer, so she could afford to come up here. Didn’t seem to have conflicts with anyone. Was fairly well-liked,” the constable said.
As he slowly chewed, he thought of the previous night, after they’d arrived. The procedure was much the same as always: they both got ready for bed by performing their usual rituals of washing teeth and getting into sleepwear (or in John’s case, taking off his shirt and jeans). But, this time, Sherlock had not stayed up. Usually the man would stay up all night trying to solve the case. Other times, he’d pass out on a couch if one was in the room, or he’d go to bed at some point later in the night and when John awoke, he would be gone.
This seemed to get Sherlock’s attention as he slowly turned around and looked over his shoulder at John.
“Come now, John. As if I would make such a silly mistake. I’d never waste one of these,” Sherlock replied, looking at John from underneath his eyelashes. John really hated it when he did that.
While John was bustling about in the kitchen, Sherlock let himself think for a bit and imagine what it must have been like for John, out in scorching heat, trying not to die while saving someone else’s life. John in scorching heat in his uniform. Or just in his army trousers, boots, and a simple shirt. His dog tags hanging about, dangling and glistening in the sun. Sherlock sighed. The imagined sight was so magnificent. If only he could have seen the real thing. Momentarily losing his mind, he wondered if Mycroft could lend him a uniform, but quickly discarded the thought. No way was he ever asking something like that. His brother already knew him quite well (something Sherlock would
“No. I think asking that would be rather pointless. No, what I want to know is where you were the night Angelina Marshall was killed.”
and then the man would go and do something new. And that would again change his perspective. Sherlock was like water to him, something there but hard to grasp.
The man let out a sigh and steepled his fingers together as he always did. John looked up at him and shut his laptop. The man had gone out at some point, because he was dressed in his usual suit. His hair was somewhat tamed with product and John could smell a faint scent of cologne from him. Sally had been right; Sherlock was going to end up killing a man and that man is going to be John and the cause of death would be everlasting frustration.
John sighed. Leave it to Sherlock to make one small comment out to be a personal attack on his entire existence.
“Bad for business, that. ‘Come stay at our inn! Enjoy our nice rooms, gardens, golf course, and a chance to be murdered while you’re asleep.” John turned a page and hid his smirk with the paper. He heard Sherlock scoff out a few giggles and murmur, “terrible.”
. And yet, here he was, asking John to say what he already knew, because…why? John didn’t know. He knew some things about Sherlock, more than other people, but he still had trouble understanding the man sometimes. Maybe he was just bored. Who knew with him?
. How could he find humor at a time like this? Didn’t he see how distressed Sherlock was? Didn’t he see how serious this was? England would surely fall without Sherlock being able to think properly. How would the cases be solved? By the Mets? Unlikely.
Sherlock couldn’t help the smile that spread across his face, but quickly wiped it off before John could catch him. He’d done quite enough thinking and now was the time to get prepared.
“No,” he continued. “Seemed pleasant. I don’t think she had any problems, really. Don’t know why anyone would do something like this.”
John made sure to say goodbye to the constable, as Sherlock always put that off, and followed Sherlock out. They walked down the road to their rent car, Sherlock quiet as they got in. Once the doors were locked, John immediately turned to him; he knew that the man knew more than he’d said.
“There have been a few similar cases throughout the past twenty years. In the majority of the cases, the culprit was caught. Only three of those cases went unsolved. However, they are all different. The only similarity is that an attendant of an inn was killed in their room.”
Not for the first time, John was very exasperated. As much as he understood Sherlock, the doctor in him could not accept Sherlock making his body suffer just because he thought it somehow helped.
“Stop sulking so much. It’s just one day. It’s not like it’s the end of the world. Besides, I bought some ice cream yesterday and we have some ice in the fridge. Want some cold water with ice?”
“Mm. We’ll stay in touch.” At this, Mrs. Winfield gave one last goodbye to John and left the building. John turned to Sherlock who was looking over the card Mrs. Winfield gave him. The man swiftly put it into his suit pocket and looked at John.
“Upstairs. I’ve been told the man refuses to come out of his room. Struck by grief or some such nonsense.”
“That’s,” Sherlock frowned, brows furrowed. He pouted again, clearly haven’t thought of that and got ahead of himself. “That could be true, I suppose. But then, how did they get up the balcony?”
That made John pause. That didn’t sound like Sherlock. At all. Sherlock was methodical and didn’t waste time or breath. Everything had a value and he used the least amount possible, because it was, as Sherlock put it,
Sherlock had eaten a bit more than half of what was on his plate and John sent a satisfied smile towards him. He scoffed and rolled his eyes, but John thought he caught a small smile as the man was turning away.
“Yes, but she could be just trying to lure you into a sense of security. Make herself out to be a victim whilst being the perpetrator.”
“I was out of town. I left to visit my sister. She’s sickly, stays in a clinic, so I go visit her sometimes to see how she’s doing. Talk. That sort of thing. It didn’t last long. Next day I get a phone call about a dead woman in my bed.”
“Think so.” He knelt down, but didn’t touch the object. He got out a latex glove (he made sure to carry a pair now. Never knew when you needed to handle evidence) and picked up a cigarette. A new cigarette, unlit and unused.
“Yes. Her husband leaves town and she immediately goes to visit her friend and ends up staying the night.”
“Ah, yeah. Sorry, it’s not usual we get recognized so easily. I mean, in London most people know who we are, but out here...”
Sherlock, John saw, was in his usual blue robe. No pajamas. He hoped Sherlock was at least wearing pants. No need to ruin John’s perfectly good health. He didn’t want to have a heart attack anytime soon. Well, he didn’t want to have one at all, ever, but living with Sherlock, he’d resigned himself to the idea. Someday, sooner or later, Sherlock would do something that not even John could handle.
“You’ve been asleep for a while,” John pointed out. “I woke up before you. Strange that you’d sleep so well while on a case.”
Here's the second chapter. Sorry for the long wait! Btw, i'm filllthevoidd on tumblr, so come and say hello (or scream about johnlock, whichever)
John had expected the man to rush up to their room without a second thought as he often did, but instead he reached for John’s case.
He didn’t answer Sherlock, opting to ignore the question. He was quite comfortable and very much did not want to move from his seat, but knowing that Sherlock couldn’t be arsed to get the door himself, he got up and went downstairs. When he opened the door, he found an older woman at the door. She was clearly quite older than John, well into her fifties, and very beautiful. John could only hope he looked half as good when he got to be her age. He saw that she was trying to smile, but her slightly wavering lips told that she would most likely break down at any moment.
“Well, yes, sometimes. That doesn’t mean you’re always an idiot. Aren’t we all a bit idiotic sometimes?”
“Oh!” He exclaimed. John knew what this meant, of course. He’d been subject to those for a while now, but it seemed like prolonged exposure did not lessen the effects on John’s well-being.
He scrunched his nose up at “sticky” and John had to resist saying something ridiculous like, “That’s adorable” out loud. That would be a bit not good. For a moment he wanted to give in and say it just to see how Sherlock would react, but luckily he didn’t get the chance.
Sherlock turned and flopped down in his own chair, ultimately breaking the strange atmosphere between them. It wasn’t until Sherlock’s eyes left his own that he noticed how long he’d been staring at the man. That wasn’t normal, was it? But then again, nothing was normal about Sherlock. And yet, something felt different this time. He really didn’t want to hold onto hope, but Sherlock always made it hard. Some days John felt completely hopeless and others, like anything could happen. But nothing ever did. Apart from the usual.
“That it’s a paralytic, yes, but they could be angry and hurt, so they’re taking it out on each other by blaming the other.”
“She’s clearly been dead for a while now. Due to the pooling of the blood, it appears she hasn’t been moved post-mortem, so she most likely died here. The covers are ripped, so she was probably stabbed through them. Mostly likely died from blood-loss. I don’t think I need to tell you that. The wounds appear to be from a knife, most likely a kitchen knife. I’d suggest you check the ones downstairs.”
At some point, he’d come to terms with the fact that he wasn’t exactly normal. He’d always known it, but tried to keep it locked up tight and away, somewhere where no one could reach. As he went through his life, however, he found that all those things about him that he didn’t want known slowly unfurled by themselves. And there was nothing he could do to stop it. So meeting Sherlock Holmes was, of course, terrifying. And exhilarating.
“Yes? What do you want? Are you with the police?” He asked, his face not fully seen as the door was opened just a bit, like he was ready to slam it shut at any moment. He seemed...anxious. But then, they must paint quite a picture: a grown man who looked about twelve and John, grinning like a maniac.
“Oh?” John asked as they quietly entered the inn. It was completely silent and the front desk was empty. Usually they had someone on a night shift, but maybe they’d went to the bathroom. Either way, it was best for them if they went in unnoticed. They quietly crept up to their room. Or as quietly as they could. The inn was rather old and any step you take results in overly dramatic creaking. It felt like they were walking around a horror movie set. The only thing that dispelled that feeling a bit was the fact that it was so warm and cozy.
“So, you with the police?” Mr. Winfield asked. John took out his small notebook and pen from his inside pocket.
“Sherlock?” He asked, whisper-calling him. The man didn’t stop, but made a sound that told John he was listening.
didn’t. They spoke with their actions, but Mrs. Winfield never voiced her suspicions. And neither did he. Not even to the police. If they were that upset they’d say something. But they didn’t.”
John looked up and saw Sherlock standing just behind Sam. He had a cool expression on his face, looking directly at John and completely ignoring Sam.
“Well, going by the packaging, seems like a Regal to me. I’d have to do some tests to be sure. Regardless, someone just happened to drop an unused cigarette, in a place right below the crime scene.”
When she found their information on the computer, she looked back up at Sherlock. Her face fell a bit, but she tried to maintain her professionalism by offering a polite smile. Looking briefly at John, she said, “Right. A double suite. It’s room B12, on the second floor.” That was some brow-raising information. This wasn’t exactly the first time they’d spent a night in a double, but it was still surprising for John when they did.
“She’s unmarried. Couldn’t have been an angry lover or spouse. No children, either. There seems to be no conflict. Her pajamas are name brand. Silk. Expensive. Plus her trips here. Clearly she was well off in her job, so it’s not money issues. Her nails are well kept and her hands do not have any bruising. So, clearly not a job that requires hard labor. It has all the appearance of a copycat and yet...”
“John. You never fail to surprise me. I knew, of course, the basics of it, but I hadn’t expected all that. Know that when I say this, I do so in all seriousness that you, John, are so refreshing after all the idiots I have to deal with on a constant basis.”
He stared at Sherlock, hard. The man looked up from his plate and, seeing John’s expression, pouted.
Somewhere in the back of his mind he heard a voice telling him that that would be impossible, seeing as the current temperatures weren’t high enough to cause “melting”, but he, quite frankly, couldn’t be arsed to fully bring the thought out to the forefront of his mind. He couldn’t even properly be agitated at the heat since his mind was too lazy at the moment to even conjure up the feeling and express it physically. So he wasted his day away lying on the sofa, not moving and not thinking. He would be bored if he wasn’t so preoccupied trying not to melt (
“What?” John asked, looking over to Sherlock. “Quiet down! You don’t want people to hear.” He’d been quite loud and it was dead of night.
John walked closer to the bed where the victim lay. The victim had blonde hair and since her eyes were open, John could see they were pale and the pupils were dilated. Those details were outshone by the blood all around her. She was wearing what was once a white night shirt, but was now only a dark brown red. She was covered in multiple stab wounds. They were all in her abdomen and chest. The bloodied cloth stuck to the wounds. They were not clean cut, a bit jagged. Didn’t seem like a professional job. It was too messy. Clearly the suspect is unexperienced. The wounds were clearly from a knife. A kitchen knife, most likely.
“Oh. No, go ahead,” John replied, gesturing for her to sit. She slid into the seat across from him, but did not begin eating. So, he paused as well and waited.
“And yes, I can be prone to being a moron from time to time. There. Are you happy now? ‘Sherlock admits that he’s actually a dumb, ignorant arse’. The world can now rejoice. The idiots can now take pleasure in me admitting it. The great Sherlock Holmes has been brought down to their abysmally low standards of intelligence.”
John took a seat across from Mr. Winfield while Sherlock stood, or rather, skittered around. He made small movements, turning his head and looking at everything he could. Mr. Winfield watched him with narrowed eyes.
“Hmm yes. Ugh, this case is really getting quite irritating. The solution is always something simple, but then there are all these little complications.”
But strangely, they never came. All Sherlock said next was, “We’ll be there as soon as possible. Worry not, we will solve this crime swiftly and you’ll be back to your home in no time.” He gave her a smile and the woman actually smiled back. This was one of the few times that someone didn’t react to Sherlock poorly and actually managed to be kind to him.
“Enemies?” The man exclaimed, disbelief coloring his tone and expression. “Do people actually have those?”
“They won’t stay that way for long,” Sherlock said, voice full of promise. “Maybe we won’t find anything, but if we do? It could be important.”
John sat at the table down in the dining area. It was a bright morning and John was starving after missing dinner the other day. Across from him, Sherlock was avoiding his food by spreading it around his plate with his fork. He thought John was stupid enough to believe he was actually eating something.
“What are you scowling at now?” John said, startling him from his thoughts. He was holding a glass of water with ice, waiting for Sherlock to take it.
. A train might have been faster, sure, but the place they were going was more secluded and would be tougher to get to.
“When you asked him about the victim he took his time. Rubbed at his mouth. Looked away. He’s lying. But why?”
“I am wrong sometimes.” It was said so quietly that John wasn’t sure if he actually heard it or if it was just in his head.
“I know for sure because I asked. While you were having your date, I went to some of the people who stayed at the inn and asked if they heard anything. One of them told me she heard a thump, but it was outside and the middle of the night so she didn’t pay it any mind. Clearly that was our suspect.”
“Well they’re not sharing the room, that’s for sure, but they could just be going through a spat. Besides, they found a body in their room. I’d say that doesn’t help anything.”
“John?” he called groggily, his voice sleep sore. John had struggled in that moment not to beam like a loon and kiss the genius with the wild hair until his head swam.
“How very...logical of you. Well, this has been quite enlightening. Thank you for your time, Mr. Winfield. We’ll just be on our way.”
Sherlock, of course, pouted and curled the sheets around himself. He got off the bed and stomped to his laptop, then back to the bed. He tripped and almost fell twice while doing so. John loved moments like these, seeing Sherlock act like a newborn fawn and so unlike his usual graceful self.
Sherlock, for the most part, wasn’t shocked to find John with a woman. No matter where they go, it seems like John will always find one. Very convenient.
“Sherlock, you know I didn’t mean it like that. I was just teasing. I know how smart and clever you are. You seem to know everything all the time. Sometimes I forget that you can be wrong, too.”
John couldn’t help it; he burst out giggling and although Sherlock tried to hold on to his stern look, his mouth quivered and soon he was joining John.
He got into bed and closed his eyes and tried his best to fall asleep with the knowledge that Sherlock was only a few steps away.
