“Bye, Cas,” Dean was smiling, a dopey, first true smile in entirely too long smile, as he watched Cas climb into Anna car.
“I won’t hurt you,” Dean started trying to steady his voice, “why didn’t you tell me?” Cas could see the battle raging inside of Dean. “How did you hide it so well	. There has never even been omega scent around you.” Dean chuckled, “Guess Jo makes sense now. She’s usually too much for an alpha.” Dean was smiling now. A predatory grin.
Next he decides to call Michael, pulling up his number he pressed Michael’s name, listened to it ring and waited for him to answer. After a few rings Michael still hadn’t answered so Cas hung up and pulled up his messages. He scrolled down until he found Michaels name, tapped on it and sent him a message telling him that he was at home and about to go to sleep.
Dean didn’t want to think about what or who Cas was doing. He was on the verge of tears. His stomach was cramping from the abuse it just took and he was still gagging every few seconds. He slid down the stall wall and sat on the hard cold floor as Cas growled from his spot in the room.
“OK baby hold on,” he pulled out his keys, popped one threw the tape and ran it down the length of the tape, then handed back to Emmy for her to finish opening.
“How’s my beautiful little Grace doing tonight?” John cooed down at the baby walking over to table. Grace giggled, reaching up to grab the scruff on her pop’s chin. John laughed and gently rubbed his chin over the baby’s face cause her to let out a squeal of laughs.
Dean shushed her as he glanced over at Cas who had pulled a very uncomfortable looking waitress into his lap and was currently running his hand up and down her jean covered legs, “Just me,” Dean started still looking over at them, “or does she look mighty uncomfortable over there with mister touchy.”
Here is chapter 16 enjoy! let me know what you think. it might help get the next chapter out sooner. It'll be more Cas' experience than Dean's. This one is his.
Cas looked at Dean, head cocked to the side, but he did as Dean said, turned his back to the trampoline and hopped on to springs before sliding onto the blankets that Dean had set up, “Are you coming too?” Cas asked, uncertainty.
“Yeah,” Cas answered smiling softly and pulling his gaze away from the man beside him and to the scene outside the window.
Cas wasn't in the room anymore, but on the bed lay a pair of boxers and black sweats. Dean slipped on the clothes that Cas had laid out and walked down stairs.
Cas dropped his hand as soon as he noticed Dean was staring at him, “Sorry,” he mumbled dropping his hand from his neck and into his lap.
“Yea, well I claimed him.” Dean said hurriedly, “It a long story,” he added, seeing his brother was about to bombard him with questions. “I’ll tell you all of it, well most of it, later. The reason I brought it up is because he was pregnant and had the baby. He’s in Maine and I have to go up there. I am, by the claim, his alpha there’s a lot that the doctors can’t do without me being there. I need you to be good, stay out of trouble and take care of mom.”
“Do you understand what’s going on?” Mary asked laying her hand on his hand, that laid on the table. Dean nodded slowly. Then, Dean was smiling. It was a small smile, but it radiated off Dean’s face. His eyes lit up. Shinning Green. “Why are you smiling like you lost your mind?” Mary asked Dean looking up in his eyes. There was a spark there just behind the green. Something Mary hadn’t seen in weeks, not since Cas left. He was happy.
He pushed himself off the bed, stumbling only slightly, and made his way to the bedroom door. Opening it, he laid a hand on Ion’s shoulder, “It’s okay, Ion, go.”
"I'm sorry mama," He sighed into the glass of tea she had just placed in front of him, "thank you." He looked at the sandwich she sat down. Silence filled the room as Cas ate.
Dean moaned, feeling Cas spasm inside him again, as he claimed him. Dean felt something just for a moment something changed. He felt it, something shifted deep inside him. He felt a burning that wasn’t there before, it eased as Cas drew back. Blood was tinging his lips, Cas leaned down and kissed Dean.
Cas moved on his way to his first class, when a strong broad shoulder hit him, “What the fuck,” he moaned and looked up to see Uriel standing in front of him, “What do you want?”
“You heard didn’t you, that Kate called?” Mary nodded sitting down beside her alpha. “She’s been calling since I left her, kept saying there was something I needed to know. She said that she was pregnant and the baby was stillborn and she's dying. She begged me to come to her and stay till it happened but I’m not. I won’t leave you or the boys or Gracie. I made a mistake with her and I’m sorry for it but I’m done with her.
“Yeah,” Dean sighed, “ that’s him. You have my permission to do whatever is need for both him and the baby. What is it?”
“Yes sir,” he gasped as a hand closed around his throat, “J-John… sir… p-punched me.” His father released his grip just enough for Cas to breath and tell him why he was that close to a Winchester again. “I was just walking by. He was outside and saw me. I’m sorry sir.” "
“I’m good, Mama. Come in, I’ll go get, Sammy.” Dean left Mary standing in the foyer. He walked back through the living room, dining room and a small hallway with Dean and Cas’ on one side and Sam’s on the other.
SO SO sorry about the wait on this guys I've had complete and total writers block so I marathoned season four and hopefully I'll get back in the swing of it soon. if y'all are reading my other story the hidden omega same goes for it major writers block. I'm so sorry. I hope yall enjoy. Let me know what yall think. who knows it might help finish this thing up.
When the soup was done she took a small bowl up to Dean and once again Dean could not keep the food down. She left him lying in Sam’s bed completely covered from head to toe in Sam’s blue blanket. Once downstairs she pulled out her phone and decided to call John.
Hello again. So this will be the last chapter for a few days a least I have to do the homework and reading that I pushed off all weekend to write. you guys are great. I love getting you comments they are inspirational. So i have a question for my lovely readers, would y'all like to see Michael redeemed any or just casted aside? I'm kinda stuck on what to do with him, let me know what you would like to see. oh and a shout out to Gewels, angels_rdvd64, RavensCAT, and Mangaren. I read your comments, i love your comments. keep 'em coming my dears.
Lisa got up and followed him over, “It’s hard to believe she is already five. You’ve done a really good job. I’m proud of you.” She kissed his cheek again and walked back inside to get Ben.
The pain in his ass was only dulled by the pain in shoulder, “Fuck,” he mumbled as he turned around and headed back to his room to grab a shirt. After pulling on a shirt, he almost limped down the stairs and into the kitchen, where John and Sam were sitting at the table.
Cas stayed hovering over Dean for a few seconds before falling on top of him and rolling to the bed. They both lay there not moving for a moment or two before Dean rolled on his side, facing Cas, and curled around him, head lying on his chest, listening and the fast beat slowed to a steady rhythm. They didn’t say anything, just laid there, cum quickly cooling in their boxers, both being too blissed out to care.
It was a simple quilt that his Grandma Deanna had made when his mom was smaller. It was green with silver patchwork woven into it. It was a large enough to cover a queen bed. It would be a little big to cover the couch but Dean grabbed it because he knew it was Cas’ favorite.
Barnes smiled softly at the young alpha across from her, she could understand the protectiveness that Cas felt, “I get it,” she said, “and as much as I don't want to, You were in a fight and something has to be done. No matter why you were in the fight, you’re suspended for three days, starting today come back Tuesday.”
Dean smiled. He loved that look. It reminded him so much how it was before. Before that day, Cas used to look at Dean like that when he said something that Cas couldn’t understand.
Cas grabbed a wooden spoon of napkin on the counter and stirred the pot. There was one more pan on the stove, a large pan of fresh green beans sauteed with mushrooms, baby potatoes and onions. Everything smelt so amazing. Cas put the spoon back on the napkin and stepped back as Mary pulled open the oven and stuck the pie in.
Cas wanted to make things better, to begin to fix things between him and Dean but everytime he tried Dean shut him down. Dean wouldn’t let him near Gracie most of the time. They stayed in Dean’s room most of the time, stayed away from Cas.
“Not really,” he said sitting back down on the stool, “I didn’t expect you to remember me, but you sure did know how to make life hard on a few of us.”
“I do,” John said, pushing himself up straight, “Gabriel.” The look on Michael’s face was murderous. “You liked your omega’s in high school. Did you think the entire town would forget about your love child with Lucifer. You sent him away when he was, what, fifteen, all because he had a little too much of Luci. You're pathetic.
Dean tightened his grip on Cas. It was the first time Cas had told him that. The first time anyone that wasn't Sammy, his brother, told him that. Dean was scared to love Cas but would never let that show. "I love you too, Cas," he said into the dark messy bed hair the younger man was sporting.
Dean walked over to the table with his sandwich on a plate and his drink. He ate and passed time playing on his phone. When his sandwich was finished and his glass empty, he went back to the kitchen and dumped them in the dishwasher.
Cas bent down to help her, “It's okay to need help sometimes you know.” He began gently helping her into her jacket, “everyone needs helps sometimes. You’ll figure out how to work around the cast, I promise.” He eased the sleeve over her cast and stood up.
It was a fantastic sandwich or maybe Cas was just really hungry. He ate both sandwiches and drank a few glasses of water before he was burning up inside again and wriggling in his chair.
“Sit, eat,” Dean said. Cas stood there looking between the plate and Dean. He was sweating a little more and every fiber in his being wanted to sit down and eat just like his alpha said. He fault with himself for a moment before he sat down and picked up a sandwich.
Dean stepped closer to Cas, “Damn Cas,” he said towering over the smaller boy, pressed against the locker room wall. Everything Castiel had made people believe until that day was wiped away with a single action. Dean pressed his body against Cas and lowered his head to the crock of Castiel’s neck.
Cas jumped slightly as Dean’s fingers ran softly along the scar on the wrist closest to him, “I’m sorry,” Dean whispered.
“Me too,” Mary said, without looking away from the silver pot slowly boiling on the stove. She was worried too, Dean hadn’t been himself since Cas. Cas had always been like family, she thought of him as one of her boys. They had been best friends since the boys were in elementary school. She couldn’t understand how he could just leave Dean like he did.
Upstairs Dean lifted Gracie out of the bassinet and popped the bottle in her mouth. She sucked greedily at the nipple and lazily let her eyes close.
“Why aren’t you in the gym with everyone else?” Dean asked him looking back at him over his shoulder.
Cas didn’t waste anytime after that, he slicked his cock up and slowly pushed into Dean trying to be gentle. Dean didn’t want gentle, he wanted to be full of his alpha. As Cas paused to give Dean a moment to adjust Dean pushed his ass against Cas swallowing him. “Fuck,” Cas growled, giving himself a moment to adjust to the warmth and tightness that surrounded him. “Oh my… so tight Dean, so fucking tight.”
“Yeah, she’s getting tired. You can get her back to sleep if you want.” Dean watched as Cas’ face lite up. “You don’t have to have my permission to hold her. She is your daughter too.” Cas smiled at Dean from the floor before scooping Gracie up. He held her close and moved to the couch to sit back beside Dean. “It's good,” Dean said taking a swallow of the tea.
“I live here now,” Gabe said before pausing, “well not here in the graveyard that would be creepy, but in town, with him. We had been thinking about it for a while. When he saw her that day and you calling for him but not chasing after him. That showed him something, he never really could explain to me what that was, but it all changed for him. He had seen her before on the videos but he said that in real life she was so much more. He cried for the next week watching that video. He does need you, both of you, he just can’t face it yet.”
Bobby began pressing around Dean’s stomach, the lower on Dean’s abdomen he pressed the more Dean winced until he cried out in pain. Bobby pulled his hands away and covered him back up, “You still feeling sick?”
“X-Ray,” Cas said just barely looking up at Dean, “the doctor said that it looked broken but the x-ray will tell for sure. She’ll be back in few.” Cas dropped his eyes to the floor, “I’m so sorry Dean,” he whispered just barely loud enough for Dean to hear.
One last ding and Cas stepped out from the elevator. This hall looked just like the rest, blindingly white and the smell of chemicals surrounded him and messed with his nose. He steadied himself and walked across the hall to the room lined with tall glass windows. Mary was sitting in a blue soft looking chair. Her long blond curls pulled back into a messy bun, she was wearing a big baggy grey t-shirt and black yoga pants. Her eyes were red and she had tear tracks still on her face. This was not the Mary that Cas was used to seeing. She was always so well put together but not today.
Cas slowly breaths through the pain until it subsides to a dull ache and is replaced by the pleasure of Dean being inside him. He wants more he needs more. Now! "God, Dean, move! Do something." He voices filled with lust and desire.
Dean slowly shook his head, he couldn't let Ash or Jo or even Ellen know how broken he still was, they would never leave him alone.
Dean scoffed but chose to say nothing. It was Sam who spoke next, “Come on, Gabe, lets go see if mom and Lisa needs any help inside.”
Cas walked down the stairs a few minutes later. He didn’t go into the living room but detoured into the kitchen, where Mary was still cooking. She was putting the last touches to the apple pie.  The last few pieces of chicken were firing in the grease. “Can you stir the mac and cheese?” she asked Cas, starting to crisscross the last of the dough over the apples.
“Man, do I know that. She tried to force me into a suit for this thing.” The conversation with Ash was easy, it always was, even when he was on the other end of the country and Dean needed a friend after Benny died. Ash was really the only friend Dean had.
It took Emmy some time before working up the courage to ask Cas. They were standing on the frozen aisle looking at ice cream, Emmy picked up the Minions dvd and studied the case for a moment, “Cassie, can I ask you something,” she asked softly, still looking at the case.
Blue eyes flashed around him, as a high pitched sound rung in his ears, “What the fuck,” Dean hisses reaching for the light beside his bed. It took him only a second to realize what the sound was. Dean jumped out of bed and rushed to the brand new bassinette. It was just a few steps away from his bed but Dean thought he was never gonna make it there. He quickly, but gently, picked up the baby patting her on the back for a moment before laying her on the bed and changing her diaper.
“Look at what Uncle Sammy got me yesterday,”  Emmy pulled Cas into the living room and held up a blue movie case with different fish on it.
Dean stood with the plate and walked into the kitchen. Cas followed behind him. Dean sat the plate down and walked into the kitchen. Cas sat in the chair in front of the plate.
“Hey Cas, I’m not sure if you can hear me or not but I need you to know how very sorry I am. I know saying sorry for something like what I did doesn’t really help any. If you give me the chance, I will spend the rest of my life loving you and making you the happiest omega I can. You and the baby will always be taken care of and loved so much. You already are. Why didn’t you tell me about the baby Cas?”
Cas smiled as he thought about what to dare Dean to do, “I dare you to run around the outside of the house in your boxers while singing Katy Perry’s Firework.”
“He’s doing good, Dean,” Gabe said answering the question Dean really wanted to ask. “And as for me,” Dean could almost hear him grinning, “I’m good too. You know how it is living up the single life. Women, booze and candy.”
Benny agreed right away, he had heard Dean talk about the dinner’s burgers and pie entirely to long. He walked in, carrying an empty infant carrier, behind Dean, who held Grace snuggly in his arms. The place smelled amazing, like any good eating place should, greasy and meaty. There was something under all of that though, something light and floral. He cracked his neck and breathed deeply, taking it all in.
Dean said that he was going downstairs. Cas wanted to be with Dean. His skin was starting to itch again and he was sweating. Cas sighed and looked at the carpet. It was coming back. When Cas looked back up he saw Dean standing at the bottom of the stairs, just looking up at Cas.
“Come on,” Cas said standing up and motioning for Dean to follow him down the hall. He opened the door that he had been looking into when Dean had rung the doorbell. He walked in and Dean followed.
Cas shivered as Dean scented him and felt his head feel light. His skin started tingling, it almost felt like it was crawling, that's when he felt the first bit of slick leak out. He watched as Dean’s eyes shifted from their normal beautiful green to a very intimidating alpha red. Dean’s eyes drifted down to the pack of alphas still standing at the corner but now facing them, “Get inside,” Dean growled, all alpha voice.
“How about we stay on the shore, instead of the pier, not sure how sturdy it is.” Sam had just stepped on the pier, and froze as the boards croaked under his weight, as John said this, he quickly backed up and got off the boards.
Mary knocked on Dean’s door, he knew it was his mom because it was a soft knock, two quick little raps, “Come in,” he sighed sitting up on the bed.
Mary sighed, relieved that Dean wanted to keep the baby. But he was so young, just turned sixteen, and now he was going to be a dad. A single dad, more than likely. Cas couldn’t be counted on.
Some parts of the school were locked but he knew that they still looked the same too. The lunchroom still had the same three tiers that separated the students into groups and a senior section. The same banners probably still hung in the same places against the high walls that lined part of the cafeteria. The stage probably still looked mainly unused and hopefully by now the principal would have moved the choir room out of the lunchroom room storage room and into a real classroom.
Dean slid the chair as close to the bed as it could go. He looked down at his omega. He didn’t realised how much he missed him. How much he wants his precious omega by his side, where he belongs. How much he wants Cas back in his life. They had been close, before the claim. Cas had probably been Dean’s best friend.
Dean soon found himself unable to resist the call of sleep and snuggled further into the warm body beside him. He thought, as he let go of that last shred of consciousness, that heard a soft “I love you,” but he was asleep before it registered completely.
There are a lot of things that bothered her about Dean. He was impulsive and rowdy. She has seen him drunk off his ass hanging on to a different woman each time walking out of the Roadhouse. Then there's the age difference, Dean’s 25. Oh and let's not forget the strange hold he seemed to have Cas. Before Cas met Dean he was a good boy. He had good grades. He listened to his parents. He never snuck out. He was almost perfect. When he meet Dean a few months ago everything changed and fast. She could see Dean getting closer and closer to her baby boy and it scared her. He was trouble and she knew it was only a matter of time before Cas got into deep. Watching Cas leave with him, she was pretty sure that now he was in that deep.
There was so much there behind every word and every stroke, there was so much pain and triumph in this song. He seemed to had faced a lot while he was here. Dean hoped it wasn't because of him.
He moved slightly to get off the bed and felt the proof that Dean had been there with a slight ache in his backside. He ignored it and pulled himself up looking for any sign that Dean would be coming back. There was nothing.
Cas walked out of the stall fixing his shirt and buttoning his pants.  He followed Sammy’s steps to the sink, turning on the water he splashed his face and washed his hands. Dean caught his eyes in the mirror too. He watched as Cas turned around and looked down at Dean, still sitting on the floor, before he turned and left the room, leaving Dean sitting alone and uncomfortable in the restroom stall.
Bobby told Dean to lay on bed and wrapped two bands around his stomach, “This one,” he grunted, pointing to the blue band with the pink small monitor attached to it, “is to keep a check on her heart rate and the other is to monitor the contractions that you're having. That's why it hurts so bad, but we’re gonna stop them.”
Hey guys so another short chapter hope yall don't mind to much. i'll try to write more but even if its another short chapter there will be another update next weekend. Love you dudes!!!
Dean was lost in his thoughts, the cool night air blowing softly around him, soft bumping coming from the music playing inside the closed doors. He wasn’t sure how much time had passed while he sat on the steps, but he did notice the music became louder as the gym doors were opened and it dimming back down as they were closed. He didn't really care who it was walking out of the gym, away from the past. So he didn’t move as the person walked past him and stopped a few steps below him.
But he didn't wake up, and Dean walked back down the hall, without Gracie, and set back across from him. He smiled softly at Cas, picked up the syrup and poured it over his pancakes.
Cas didn't say anything to his father's words. Michael had been a ghost when Cas was little and only seemed to care at all about him after he presented. To hear his father talk about how much he loved his oldest son hurt, alot.
They rode in silence before Crowley spoke, “She’s a 1969 Shelby GT 350e.” He knew Dean appreciated the older muscle cars and she was one of his favorites so he drove her to school every day in hopes of getting Dean to see him.
Dean sighed and melted into the kiss, but only for a moment before pulling away and looking back at the carpet, pushing his toes between the plush carpet. “ I love you too, Cassie, but it doesn’t change this. The only reason we were allowed to be together to begin with was because we were both unpresented. It’s not just frowned upon, it's almost illegal. And one day you’ll want a family. You’ll want things that I won't be able to give. Male omega’s aren’t common, and that’s the only way we can be together now. And you know how badly Male Omegas can be treated. Even if by some miracle I presented as an omega, it could two years from now, and I’m not sure that I want to.” Dean sighed again. He felt the water break past his eye and a tear ran down his cheek followed closely by quite a few more.
Dean knew that he was a asshole and that he was probably gonna burn in hell for what he did to Cas, but that doesn’t change the fact that Dean misses his omega. He misses his brilliant blue eyes, the way Cas would slightly tilt his head to the side when he was confused. He missed the way the omega talked and laughed. He missed the messy, raven black hair and always slightly chapped beautiful pink lips. He missed everything about him.
Cas had realized that the tears had welled up in his eyes again until one fell down his check. He quickly brushed it away but the motion did not go unnoticed. "You alright boy? I know it's none of my business but it's not often I have a crying young man in my car."
“It around 4:30 in the morning and you remember Cas right?” Dean asked watching as his little brother pulled himself up into a sitting position.
Cas stood on the front porch of the Winchester house, waiting for Dean. He was still smiling but the coldness around him was causing his teeth to chatter. He looked around watching it snow for a moment before Dean opened the door, only wearing his plaid boxers. Cas took in the perfection that was in front of him, before, without saying a word, grabbed Dean’s hand and dragged him upstairs to his bedroom.
If Cas had been paying less attention to her then he was, he might have missed the small question Emmy just asked, “Anything,” he said looking at his beautiful little girl studing the movie case.
Cas tensed back against the stall’s wall. He didn’t understand why his suppressants were failing after ten months of working, but fuck this was bad. So bad. “Damn it, Dean, leave me the fuck alone,” he cursed as another wave of heat hit.
“Some,” Dean replied, “Thank you.” he sat down beside at the end of the table with Mary on one side and John on the other.
“Pick him up and bring him downstairs to the room lay him on the bed so we can get everything hooked up.” The next twenty minutes seemed to pass by in blur, but everything stopped as soon as the monitor picked up that sweet heart beat. Then it fluttered, just slightly but enough that everyone heard. “We need to get her out, Dean. She’ll be fine but we don’t have time for this to go naturally between the blood and all, she needs out. We are gonna have to do a c-section.”
Mary and John had been upset when Dean told them that he wanted to go back to Sioux Falls with Bobby. Sam had cried and screamed at him when he was told about everything, the baby and Dean moving. Dean asked his family to say nothing about the baby or where he was going, to anyone but mainly Cas. They agreed and the next day he was packed waiting for Bobby to say when he was going back home.
“Thanks, Dean,” John called from the Impala’s trunk, where he was pulling out three fishing poles and a tackle box, “You gonna read all day,” he asked Sam, as he turned another page.
They even rode the ferris wheels once together. It was one of those old ferris wheels that only sat two people side by side. They laughed and talked and joked, everything was fine until Dean realized that they were sitting touching from thigh up. Cas didn't pay much attention to it, to Cas he was just pushed up next to an alpha but to Dean he was pushed up to another alpha and he kinda liked it. Cas tried to not feel offended when Dean slide over. After a moment of silence the joking and laughing started back until their seat was rocking back and forth from their laughter. After they had reached the top of the wheel for the fourth time the ride stopped, Dean and Cas were still laugh and joking. Dean hadn’t noticed when he had thrown an arm on the back of the seat behind Cas or when he has slid back over to him and Cas touching until he was a inch away from Cas’s face. They had stopped laughing and just looked at each other. Cas shivered slightly as he watched Dean’s eyes fall from his eyes to his lips, just as Cas was about to close the distance the ride lurched forward again and they both quickly looked away from each other. The rest of the ride was in quite. A few more stops they climbed off the ride, Cas grabbed the big bear and they walked away from the ride.
“And you're not taking care of me,” Cas whimpered, grinding his groin down against Dean’s blue jeans to make his point known. Dean groaned and Cas hurriedly undid Dean's pants, one handed, the other was used to keep Cas up off Dean. Cas leaned down again and kissed Dean just as rushed as before. Cas made quick work of Dean's pants and boxers. Cas moaned when he saw Dean erection spring free.
“I asked first.” Dean said, “How about you tell me something, any reason that you're so upset and I will give you some of what's in the dish.” Dean was going to share with Cas anyway, but Cas didn’t have to know that.
“The Claim, was it a complete claim?” Bobby asked looking down at his nephew. Dean looked bad. His face was pale and sunken in. His eyes had lost most of their shine. He looked like he was a few steps away from death. Dean nodded. “But you didn’t claim him did you?”
Cas looked you to see his father's eyes filled with tears and a few running down his cheeks.  Michael let go of Cas' hand and walked away to the black town car sitting by the road.
Dean opened the door slowly giving Cas time to realise that he was coming in. Just busting in the room while Cas was in there, was no longer an option. Over the summer he had walked in on Cas wanking off. It was an image that was seared into Dean’s brain, not that he really minded it, but he would never, hell could never, admit that. Cas may not be blood but he has been his brother almost as long as Sam had.
Hey guys! first, sorry its been so long. Second, 108 comments, 299 kudos, and 47 bookmarks. Y'all are fabulous. The amount of support on this story is just mind blowing and more than I ever expected. Y'all are great and I love each and every one of y'all. Every comment and kudo means the world to me. THANK YOU ALL SO MUCH!!!
John grabbed the fishing gear and walked up to the porch, sitting them down by the steps, he walks into the cabin to take a look around. He coughed at the dust his heavy boots stirred up as he walked in. The floorboards squeaked under his weight as he walked around the small room to check everything out.
Cas smiled at Dean as he brought the quilt over to the couch. “Thanks,” he mumbled as Dean handed it to him.
Today is one of those days. It started off bad, Cas haunts his dreams. Then he goes with Sam to Ellen’s to get a burger and Cas is there, flirting with a beautiful, golden, omega waitress.
Dean had just walked past the trophies when a soft tune sounded through the doors of the drama room. He wasn't sure but it sounded like a piano.  It was beautiful, and not something he was used to hearing in this school. Dean pushed open the room’s door quietly and moved into the shadows of the dark school theater.
"Castiel," Cas says shyly. They rode in silence for a while before Bobby reached over and turned on the radio, Cas listen to the song that purred out of the old speakers.
Sam interrupted whatever she was gonna say next, “But Cas is family,” Sam was almost yelling. He seemed very upset by this. His glare turned to Dean. “You miss him, you idiot. I see it constantly. Why can’t you just admit it.”
Upstairs Dean took an extra long shower before climbing into bed. He slept peacefully, without even realising when Mary snuck Gracie back in her bed.
Emmy buried her face in Cas’s chest, “ you smell like home Cassie,” She whispered, “and like Daddy.” Cas smiled and wrapped his arms tighter around Emmy. He missed he so much everyday and now after having her in his arms he wasn’t sure how he was gonna go back to not having her any more.
Cas brought Emmy over to the car and helped her climb in the back seat. Dean leaned back and called to Cas through the open door, “you need a ride?” Cas just nodded.
Dean didn’t remember much of the night before other than the excruciating pain but when he woke back up his daughter was here along with John, Mary, Sam, Benny, Ash, Garth and Bobby. His sweet little Gracey was snuggled in her grandmother’s arms. John was looking down on her with a look of such pure adoration. Dean knew that the little girl already had the alpha wrapped around her little finger.
Cas walked in the room, “Dean,” he softly called out laying a hand on his back, gently waking him, “I’m gonna have to go to school soon. You can stay as long as you want. There's food, make yourself at home and if you’re still here when I get back I’ll walk back with you.” Cas sat on the edge of the bed, “Grace is still asleep and there are clothes and things in her room.”
“I’ll help,”Dean said as Cas moved his lips from his ear to down his neck, sucking gently at his pulse point, “but you have to do as I say and we will not have sex. I can’t do that to you again.” Dean gently grasped Cas’ face, making him look into Dean’s eyes, “Can you do that, baby?” Dean leaned down and kissed Cas frimley, “Can you listen to me, Omega?”
Dean shoved the new alpha off and rolled over to sit on the edge of the bed. Castiel sat behind him unable to see what Dean was doing. Dean’s hands were shaking and his chest was heaving; could he do this? Could he bottom for Cas, knowing that this was it, that this would be their last time. Dean took a few calming breaths a reached a hand behind him, to pull Cas to him.
Dean, Sam, Mary, Benny and Gracie stopped by Ellen’s the next day for lunch. Dean had been promising to bring Gracie by and after spending the morning in the hospital, taking turns sitting beside an unconscious John, they all decided they needed some good food.
They both watched her, smiling down at their daughter everything felt okay for now. It felt like Dean wasn’t slowly going crazy and losing his will to keep Cas at arms length. Dean didn’t know how he felt really or how he should feel, he just knew that with every minute that he spent around Cas he lost his will to hold him back. All he could think about was the last time Cas kissed him, the night that Cas had found out about Grace. He can still the brush of Cas’ lips on his. Everything in him just wanted to push Cas down on the couch.
Cas walked into Dean’s room. Gracie was still sleeping soundly, snuggled in a soft pink blanket. She grumbled when Cas shut the door behind him. Cas walked over to the bassinet, she was starting to whimpering. Cas picked her up gently and held her close.
Mary was a different story on her good days she loved Emmy. Praised the little baby she said looked so much like Dean. 0n bad days, she would demand to know where Dean had stolen the baby from and how dare he take such a sweet creature. thankfully that had only happened twice in the three months Emmy had been home.
He realized it was too late, when Dean called out, “Cas, you ok?” he sounded worried for his fellow alpha. Dean knocked on the stall door trying to get an answer out of his friend, “What’s wrong?”
"Fuck, Cas," He said releasing his own inside Cas. Dean eases out of Cas and grabs a towel to clean them off.
Michael stood up and dig into his pockets again, “Also I’ve signed the car over to you. I'll have Ion bring it over later today.”
“What was being said at school.” Dean wasn’t sure why he asked, other than wanting to know the answer, but he really felt like kicking himself as he watched Cas’ face change completely, going from a kinda happy drunk to a drunk guy lost in thought.
“Naw,” Cas smiled up at Dean, “She’s too pretty to look like me. I see more of you in her. Yeah she might have my hair and eyes but she has your cheeks and lips and nose. She is just so cute.”
Dean didn't know the voice, but it was enchanting, deep and rustic, like a glass of fine aged whiskey, and Dean couldn't make himself not listen if he tried. He sat hidden as the man on stage seemed to pour so much into the word.
How was he ever gonna be able to look at Dean again? He remembered Dean saying no, that he wasn't going to have sex with Cas. Cas violated him this time. He took what he needed, wanted, and sank his teeth into his neck.  Dean now had a mark to match Cas’, only Dean was okay with his.
He covered Cas and made sure he was warm before he walked over the door and quietly opened it. He glanced back at the sleeping form lying alone on the bed, wiping a single tear that fell down his check. "I'm sorry" he whispers into the darkness of the room. "I am so sorry" he said closing the door soundlessly behind him.
Dean handed his daughter to his mother and took her place between the two alphas. “You heard her guys. Come on, Cas, I’ll walk you out.” Cas followed Dean out of his room, down the stairs and out the front door. Dean stopped them on the porch, “Listen Cas,” he began, “first, you don’t get to on all alpha on someone over me. You lost that right. Second, and take this to heart, don’t fuck with Benny. He will rip your throat out. He is bigger, older, tougher and better than you. I’ve seen him tear apart an alpha with his bare hands. If he thinks me or Gracie are in danger, he will hurt you. And last, if  want to see you I will, if not then leave us alone.”
Cas was still laying on his bed, still facing the wall, but at least his shoulder were still. Dean thought momentarily that Cas was asleep, But as he closed the door Cas rolled over and looked at him. Dean almost dropped the pie dish. Cas’ eyes were red and his face was splotchy. Something had really upset him and Dean didn’t like it.
But it was Dean that answered, “No, Cas, how about you stop being a needy bitch and move on. Come on, Sammy,” Dean wrapped an arm around Sam’s shoulder protectively and all but pulled him along.
“I tried to,” Dean sighed flopping down on the floor leaning against the wall and running his hand through his light brown locks, “Do you remember that day about two months after school started back?” he asked. He really hated bringing up old memories of him and Cas, “You were surrounded by your alpha friends and some omega was glued to your side. It took everything in me to walk up to you, after you hadn’t cared in the bathroom, I knew you probably wouldn’t care but I hoped you would and you had a right to know. When I asked if we could talk, you told me to stop being a needy bitch and move on, so I did.”
“Hey Major, how was your break?” he like the Major she was a sweet lady that helped him a few times last year.
Dean didn’t move, so Sam tried shaking his shoulder,this woke Dean, but only just, “I got pizza,” Sam said, showing Dean the pizza.
“Are you hungry?” Cas asked looking at Dean, “It a little past seven and you have been here a while you have to be hungry by now.”
Cas smiled, “Really?” he asked trying not to let he surprise at being asked out on the family outting.
Crowley wasn’t sure if Dean would be in school today or not, but he prayed, well if he prayed he would have, that Dean stayed out of school today. He had plans for today and sweet Dean would just get in the way. He was standing at his locker just a few away from Dean’s and down the hall from Castiel. That little bastard, but it’s ok, he’ll get what he deserves. How dare he treat Dean like that.
“Here,” Michael said handing Cas the paper and a card that he had been holding. “This is Gabe now. I may not be in his life but I did find him after your grandfather died.”
Only a few people knew he lived here now and he wasn't expecting any of them. He opened the door to see Dean standing on his porch with Gracie in her stroller. Cas just stood there looking at Dean.
Dean slid off the little bit of bed that he was laying on, laid the book on Emmy’s dresser, turned the light off and left the door open. He would wake Cas up when Sam got here. Walking to the living room, he pulled out his phone and called Sam. He explained about Emmy falling and how Cas had been around all day. How he had seen Gabe this morning and that Gabe said they had moved back and finally how Cas was asleep in Emmys bed right now.
Mary came in when Gracie started crying taking her out if the room and letting Dean sleep. She smiled down at her son. He was doing a great job. He took every feeding unless someone stole Grace, changed every diaper. Today was the first time he had left her at all. She was so proud of him. He never tried to get anyone to do anything for him and he never tried to pawn her off on anyone. So Mary took her chance at night when Dean was sleep to sneak in and steal the baby. her sweet little granddaughter.
Dean woke up as Cas was able to pull out. Dean felt cold and empty as Cas pulled out and away from him, “Don’t leave yet, please.” Dean rolled over to face away from Cas, when he didn’t answer. He heard Cas rustling around for a few seconds before a pair of boxers landed on his face. He sighed and pulled them on, he felt the bed dip and the warmth was back as Cas wrapped his arm around Dean’s waist and pulled him close to him.
Cas took the stairs a lot more slower than he needed but his body was heating up and Dean was waiting for him in the kitchen, where there were sandwiches made. Sandwiches that Dean had made.
Ion was the only one that still felt like family. “Hello, Cassie,” he smiled and tossed an arm on his shoulder. “How are you?”
Cas started laughing so hard he was doubled over the bed. “Harty har har,” Dean laughed at the two of them.
“I’m gonna go change for bed too,” Cas said, “your room is that door,” Cas pointed to the first door and turned around to walk back to him room. He wanted nothing more than to push Dean against the wall and bury his face in Dean’s neck. He closed the door to his room as he walked in and flopped down on the bed. Dean was here in his house, was going to spend the night in his house. Cas could smell Dean’s scent through the walls.
“Alright, well, be careful.” John said as he looked oddly at Dean, who acted like he didn’t hear anything that Cas had said.
Hey everyone again. I know, I know... so soon but yes, so soon. As I was writing this I was thinking i'm gonna hold on to this, post it next week but I'm weak and wanted to give y'all this. A very special thanks goes out to otaku916, rechin0_0, Gewels, and angels_dvd64. Thank y'all for the comments. This chapter is for y'all. Well its for all of you but mainly those four, 'cause they awesome.
Dean had finished Metallica and moved on to AC/DC before he got hungry and climbed off his bed to go into the kitchen. His feet hit the floor and eyes drifted down to Cas’ bunk. He was laid on his side, not making a sound, but Dean could see his back and shoulder shaking just enough to be noticed. Dean took a breath about to say something to Cas, but he couldn’t think of a thing, so he left he room.
He watched as Ellen greeted and talked to the boys. Cas was hit with a sudden wave of sadness. He looked up at Dean, to see him looking back there was something different in his eyes, a new brokenness, sadness. Ellen had told him about ‘Drea, of course she had, why wouldn’t she?
“She’s beautiful, Dean,” Jo said. Then she looked past Dean and saw Cas. Her expression changed. It went from warm and light to almost hateful and concerned she looked back at Dean and then at Cas.
Cas took a deep breath and looked at Dean, “I came to warn you, to tell you he was coming. ‘Drea called off the engagement.” Cas looked over at Michael before adding, “Not because of Dean, but because she found her mate.”
Sam was a freshman now and Cas was in his senior year. Cas hated that school and most people in it, but at least at school he got 8 hours of tension free peace.
I know I've probably said this before but I never thought that I would get so much support and love from this story. Y'all truly are the best. 136 comments and 328 kudos, that completely blows my mind. This is just for y'all. So enjoy!!
Dean was still in the laundry room when Cas walked in behind him. They were still fairly intoxicated. Dean sighed and melted against Cas as he wrapped his arms around Dea’s waist, from behind, and held him close. “Do you want to go to the room?” he asked, kissing the back of Dean’s neck.
Bobby cleared his throat, walked over to his bag, pulled out a bottle of pills and handed them to Mary, “Give him two of these and full glass of water. In about thirty minutes, take him a bowl of soup. The medicine is for nausea, so it should settle his stomach so he can eat. I’ll be back in a few minutes.” Bobby left the house and drove into town.
“What?” Dean asked, “Yeah, thats me,” he was starting to wake up the rest of the way, “you mean Cas? Yeah, he’s mine,” he stumbled out.
“What the hell Cas?” Dean asked as Cas shoved him into his room and swiftly closed and locked the bedroom door.
“It gonna be at least a day before I can get and that's the very best I can do. I need more time to finish up what I’m doing. He has everything he needs in a box in his room. Can you please help him without abusing him this time?”
They had a baby. A baby that he was itching to see.He walked out of the room and threw a set of double door and passed through the waiting room. It was almost empty, actually is was except for a short guy with shaggy brown hair. He was laying on the couch with a magazine over his face.
Dean bypassed the elevator and stepped into the landing of the staircase. There was a flight above him and a flight below him.  Dean took a few steps and stopped; he kissed Lisa here for the first time. He had been so nervous. Lisa had been so different from all the other girls. She was the cheer captain and had a part time job as a yoga instructor but she was super smart; she was in the top ten of their class and got accepted to Harvard. Dean could only guess why the fuck she stayed with him and would come back every summer.
He got dressed and walked out of his room. Gracie’s door was cracked but no sound was coming from the door so he looked inside to see the baby asleep, a pink blanket laid over her. He walked over to Deans door next, it too was partly open. A smile pulled on his lips as he looked in to see Dean spread out, like a starfish, across the bed.
Crowley moved over to the side of Dean’s bed and sat on the edge, “Because Castiel isn't the only guy that loves you.” He looked down to see Dean’s eyes closed and his breath even, he slowly leaned down and place a small kiss on Dean’s forehead before getting up and leaving the house.
Dean smiled and walked over to the couch with Cas, “I know, it was relaxing.” Dean sat Gracie on the floor at his feet. She was a little wobbly sitting up on her own so Dean leaned back down and laid her on her stomach. She was starting to learn to crawl but it was slow progress.
The growl lit a part of Dean, that he wasn’t aware he had. As he landed on his back, he rolled his head to the side, revealing his neck. It took him a second to realize that he just submitted to an Alpha. He was screwed, but he also couldn’t care less.
“Should have known,” Michael said shaking his head. “Are you talking about Fergus MacLeod, Gavin’s boy?”
Cas watched as ‘Drea went to get their orders, the guys didn’t notice Dean and Sam and as always thought he was watching her walk away. He wouldn’t deny it was a nice view, but today his focus drifted past the amazing ass in tight jeans to the person he didn’t think he’d see again. His beautiful Dean.
“Things can still be different without you treating him the way you do, Dean,” Mary spoke softly but there was an edge to her voice, “Today was the first time that I know of that he has actually spent time with Grace.”
“He needs an alpha, Castiel preferably, but well can't help that. He trust you. Can you come back or talk to him, at least, maybe that’ll be help, but I really think he needs you. You're the only alpha he knows and trust right now.”
He jumped slightly and wrapped his arms tighter around Gracie, startled by seeing Dean’s face so close to his.
The ride was quiet and passed by quickly. Soon, with directions from Cas only breaking the silence, they stopped in front of a modest two story brown house. They both sat there in the dark and silence for a few minutes before Cas spoke, “Gabe never told me you were sick. I asked every time he came to see her and he always showed me pictures or videos of her and said that ya’ll were ok.” He looked out the passenger window, “Had I’d known you were so sick I would have came back for you. I couldn’t let you die, no matter how I felt.”
“We’ll do it together,” Dean said softly before standing to lift Gracie up off the floor. He gave her a kiss on her forehead and handed her to Cas. Together they walked her room and layed her down in the crib.
It was when she was finally gone that Benny seemed to piece himself back together, “It's her,” he whispered, still loud enough the entire table had heard. Benny was not a quiet man. “All these years hoping I’d find her again and there she is. She smells just the same, just as perfect.” He was talking more to himself than to anyone at the table and turned just enough to see her filling their drinks. His alpha was stirring, wanting her, to know her, to smell her, just to be near her.
Cas pushed himself into a sitting position against the wall, he wrapped an arm around his stomach and tried to breath. It was hard, his breaths were shallow and painful. He laid his head back against the bathroom wall. He could feel the warm blood trickling down his face. He was light headed and the white walls seemed to be spinning, “Tisk, tisk, tisk,” Cas looked up and tried to focus on the blurry figure in front of him, “Daddy’s gonna be upset with you, aint he?” Cas knew the voice and scent, it was family, but he couldn’t think of who. “Come on, I’ll help you get home.”
Cas watched as Dean took his first bite, he could always tell if Dean liked food by the first bite and the pancakes were no different. Dean almost moaned around the bite, smiling as he finished chewing.
Dean didn’t smile as the last photo of Benny ficked on the screen. It was one of him in his ACUs, and American flag hanging behind him, that damn hat sitting on his head that made him look to good for any one person to look and in black bold print with his name, Benjamin “Benny” Lafitte, and the year he was born and died below it, 1987-2010. Dean pulled back out his flask held it up to the picture of Benny and down some more of the whisky.
“It’s otay, Cassie,” Emmy kissed his cheek and slid out of his arms. She stood beside Cad and grabbed his hand. Emmy lead Cas away from where Dean and Sam were standing in the foyer.
Dean looked down at Grace, already asleep in his arms and smiled, her and Cas must of had fun this morning, “I’m gonna go lay her down, then I’ll get it.”
Naomi pulled over the desk chair in front of the bed and sat down, “I’ve gotta be at work in a few hours until about 6 in the morning. Are yall gonna be okay here by yourselfs?”
“Then the alpha told him that it would be best if they left without telling anyone. Soon the alpha became strict, telling the omega what to do, where to go. Then it became, never go outside. He used the bond to control the omega. He was a different alpha by the time the omega was pregnant with their first child. He was 16 when their son was born. The omega thought that giving the alpha an alpha son would make him happy, hoped that it would bring back the alpha he loved. It didn’t.” Gabe, Dean figured anyway, flopped down beside him and sighed. It seemed that this was a hard story to remember, to tell especially to a stranger.
Cas had expected Michael to show up and demand that Cas come home but surprisingly, so far Michael had stayed away.
Cas was alread rock hard and leaking precome, damn Dean and his knowledge. Cas smirked it  was his turn to have some fun. He hawled Dean over him and latched on to his mouth, flicking his tongue across Dean's lips begging for entrance, which Dean gave. After a brief fight for dominance, Dean let Cas have it. Dean was now directly over Cas, holding himself up with only his arms, the kiss turned to a fierce growl as Cas flipped Dean over to reverse the role.
Cas moved from his seat and sat beside dean, “Anna made me come to this stupid event,” Cas said. Dean remembered Anna real well, he just often forgot that the bossy bright redhead was Cas’ sister. She was a year younger than Dean but that had never stopped him before. “She said that I should rub it in everyone's face how successful I had become, but when I walked into that gym all I could hear was every taunt and threat that you and Benny ever yelled at me. Everytime Benny called me a faggat and taunted me about how much I wanted to suck you both off. Did either of you think of what your words were doing to a teenage boy struggling with his sexuality?”
Of course Cas knew the smell, it was the same sickly sweet smell that followed every other girl in their grade. Cas said nothing to Dean. They never spoke to each other, not since that morning.
Dean was showing real good by 20 weeks but that was also when the effects of not having his alpha started to affect him. It started slowly, nothing to bad just cramps and some sickness. Then it gradually got worse. Dean became more withdrawn, staying in the house or in his room all day.
“Hey hon, you're finally awake,” Mary said standing up, leaning over John and placing a kiss on his forehead, “You had us scared for a while. Three days, love, you have been out for three days.”
Cas sat in english, at the front of the class, not looking at anywhere in particular, when he heard a laugh, Dean’s deeps chuckle, he looked at the door just in time to see Dean and Gordon walk in. Gordon started laughing and pointed at Cas. Cas could just hear him say, “Told you he’s always watching you. He wants you, man.” Cas looked at Dean, and for the first time in at least a week and a half the two brothers made eye contact.
Dean sighed as she walked away, he thought it would be different by now. Everyday he feels like he’s missing something, of course he knows what that is, or better yet who that is. He loves Emmy, with all his heart, but sometimes it hurts to look at her. She is so much like Cas. She smart and loves books. She has his smile and her eyes light up the same way his did.
John let them fight just a little longer before calling out, “Get off your brother, boy. Lets get some food and start fishing, hows that sound?”
She walked past the boys, barely registering that they were even there. She showered and put one of John's too big shirts on.
Emmy reappeared with shoes on and holding a light coat. She looked said. “I need help,” she huffed holding up the jacked in her not broken arm.
“It doesn’t matter. He knew he was hurting me and continued to do it.”  Dean pushed his plate away, “He knew that he was constantly killing me and he did nothing. He said nothing.” He pushed back his chair and stood up, “I love him but it’s too much. I want him to stay here. He needs a home but there is only so much I can give right now.”
Dean walked away from the nursery, wishing and wanting to hold his sweet baby girl. He headed back over to the waiting and walked over to the vending machines. There was a coffee vending machine, thank god, he needed all the energy he could get. He ordered a black coffee and sat down on a rather uncomfortable chair.
Dean huffed, “Not sure,” he said turning to lean against the glass window, “he’s in surgery right now, there's internal bleeding and some bleeding on his brain.” He slid down the glass and sat on the floor, “It’s my fault.” Dean pulled his knees up to his chest and laid his head down on them, “I was driving. I didn’t even see the semi, nobody’s quite sure what happened or how it happened but we should all be glad we aren’t dead, at least that’s what the doctor in the ER said. Dad was almost thrown from the car. Me and Sammy got lucky. I have a concussion and Sammy got a broken rib or two. Dad’s been back…” he paused as a loud cry came from the other side of the glass, “I’ll be right back,” he pushed off the floor and walked back into the room.
He stepped up to Dean and looked down at the baby. She reached up with a little balled fist and patted his face. That's when it hit him there was something familiar about her beyond the blue eyes and dark hair, that’s a combination that she could have gotten from anyone, but her scent apples and spice, almost like pie but more of a leathery spice than a sweet spice, that’s Dean and the apples are from him. He ran a finger over the baby's hand and looked up at Dean, “She’s ours,” he stated, knowing that he wasn’t wrong.
“Yeah,” Cas said, “just into town for a few hours.” He didn’t want to make a big deal out of it and he knew that no matter how honest he was with Mary, John wouldn’t let it go that easily.
“Okay, Pops, well I’m gonna go lay down til Bobby wakes up,” he paused and sat his cup of orange juice down. “I know you're mad at Cas and I know that a lot of all this is on him but this is both of our faults not just his.”
Dean just knew that everything this man sang in this song he meant wholeheartedly. There wasn't a lot of people that Dean picked on relentlessly and he couldn't think that any of them could sound like this man.
Cas was still laughing and patted the bed beside him, beckoning Dean to sit beside him. The rain had dampened the mood and calmed them both down considerably, “Stay down here with me tonight?”
Cas stood up out of the fridge and walked over to the table where Dean had just flopped down in a chair. He pulled out the chair across from Dean and sat down too.
They rode to the best pizza place in town, well Emmy swears it's the best. It’s just a small little joint with an all you can eat buffet and a small arcade. They ate and played then ate dessert. Cas and Emmy tagging up against Dean in just about everything and Dean letting them win, most of the time. Cas is extremely good at skee ball. there was no letting Cas win there, he honestly beat the socks off of Dean.  Emmy walked away with about 5000 tickets between the two of them and ended up getting a giant fluffy unicorn. She even got the waiter to sign her cast. They left after a few hours.
Then Cas got angry, “There's a criminal around my daughter,” not realizing what he had just told ‘Drea.
His eyes dropped down to scar on his neck. It was a bright pink, almost like it was a brand new scar, not something that he has had for years.  He lifted his hand to the scar and ran a finger over the raised surface.
“Yes,” Cas answered looking down at the space between them on the couch. He took another sip and passed the bottle to Dean.
“Not any more, Mary,” Cas leaned over and kissed her cheek, “I’ll be back in a few hours.” Cas walked out of the kitchen and into the living room.
Dean eyes feel down to the flesh on his stomach. Cas watched Dean’s eyes drift and quickly pulled his shirt down. “Sorry,” Cas muttered as Dean snapped his eyes away from where Cas had just covered the flesh of his stomach.
They sat on the couch together. Cas slid as close to Dean as he could without sitting in his lap. “It doesn't mean that everything is going to be rainbows and unicorns but there is no undoing this bond.”
Cas pushed up from the floor and walked the few steps to the sink. He looked up at the mirror. His reflection almost looked strange. His eyes seemed brighter, hair less dull. His skin even seemed to glow a tad, not the lackluster pale he usually sees.
“It’s open,” an older female voice called out. Lisa opened the door and walked in followed by Cas and Emmy, who was now silently crying, “my lord child, what happened?” asked the nurse standing up and walking over to them. “Sit her on the bench.”
Dean walked out to the silver van parked in the circle driveway. Mary chatted happily with her boys for a few minutes before Sam tossed his back in back seat, opened the passenger side door and almost sat on a dish wrapped in tinfoil.
Dean returned to his room upstairs and if he cried himself back to sleep that night well no one had to know right.
Cas stopped talking and silence hung between the two boys. It only lasted a moment before Cas spoke again, “About a week after you left, Sam told me that you had moved and you were ok, I was so relieved. You were out of his reach. I thought, stupidly, that I could rebel then. He showed me how wrong I was.” Cas pulled up his sleeves enough to see the jagged marks across both wrist, “He tried to make it look like suicide, when I told him I was leaving to find you and he’d never see me again. I woke up in the hospital a week later. I learned my lesson that day.”
Dean pulled the flask out of his back pocket and took a good swallow when she called out Benny’s name. Becky continued in a more somber tone, as she started talking about the remembrance, “We have our very own, Castiel Roche, singing one of his hits as we pay tribute to those that couldn't be here.”
“I’m so so sorry,” he gagged looking up at his little brother, who stood there with an emotionless face.
They sat in silence for a moment longer, but it was a calming silence, for Cas at least. “We are going to the Campbell's cabin this weekend,” Dean said looking down at Grace. “Would you like to come?” Dean rushed the question out so fast that Cas barely understood what he had said.
“You don’t have to go, Dean,” John said breaking the silence that had fallen over them since Dean had told them what he wanted to do. Mary agreed, nodding her head, as her husband spoke. Things were still somewhat tense between John and Mary, but above all else Mary loved her Alpha. They would work this out and Kate would fade away. She leaned into her alpha’s grasp.
He flopped on to his bed and pulled a pillow up to his chest. He cried into until his body was shaking and sleep finally claimed him once again. The last thing he thought of was never seeing Dean's emerald green eyes again.
Sammy threw the pillow at his brother’s head and sat back down to his pizza, still smiling at his brother. They finished dinner, with light conversation. It was Dean’s turn to clean the kitchen, but Sam took pity on him, cleaning the kitchen and letting Dean return to his bed, to wallow probably.
Considering their father was in surgery from the wreck both Sam and Dean seem to be in relatively good condition. Other that a long gash that ran from Dean hairline to between his eyebrows, that had to be stitched up, and a few cuts and scrapes on his arms, he seemed to be okay. To say Cas was relieved was an understatement.
Great, Castiel thought, just what I need to be stuck in a fucking locker room with Dean fucking Winchester. “Shit. Shit. Fuck,” Castiel whispered to himself, “come on calm down. Calm down or Dean is gonna smell you.” Castiel was nervous and almost shaking trying to calm himself down.
A small smile slipped onto Dean’s lips, “Sure, Cas,” he said before turning off the car, opening the door and stepping out. He rushed to the passenger side and held out a hand to help Cas out of the car.
“Never,” Cas told him, letting go of his hand and securing his face softly in both hand, making the other boy look up at him. “I love you, Dean. I loved you before I presented and I’ll continue to love you after.” Cas leaned in a softly pressed his lips against Dean’s.
Cas smiled and Dean couldn't look away from the man beside him. Cas really had grown far  more beautiful than he was in high school. He had grown up, grown into his body and he carried himself with confidence as he stood and walked out of the drama room.
Cas was on the porch following Dean as he jogged, following and recording him. Dean, completely unaware of the camera following him, only stumbled a few times as he made his way back to the front of the house. He jogged up the steps finishing the song, looking straight in Cas’ brilliantly blue eyes, “Baby you're a firework, come on and let your colors burst, make ‘em go oh oh oh as you shoot across the sky-y-y,” Dean ended up saying the last bit instead of singing it but Cas didn’t say anything.
They both sat there quiet for a few moments. Everything was quiet. There was a soft murmur from traffic on the highway about a mile and a half away and the low sound of a dog barking inside a neighbor's house.
“Yes,” Cas agreed almost immediately. Dean handed Gracie over to him, “Hey baby girl,” he said softly to her, snuggling her up to him. He was holding his dear Gracie in her room, in his house, “Come with me,” Cas said leading Dean next door.
“When he was four and had started school. I went to college, mostly online. I got my degree in business, started working at the company and began to spend less time with Gabe and just left him to the nannies.”
Cas stood still not knowing what to say, he thought that Dean would be mad because he had to give up everything for a child, “Why didn’t you tell me?” was all that Cas was able to ask.
“Sure Pops, I just came down for something to drink anyway.” Dean got up and walked to the fridge, opening it and grabbing out a bottle of water. He walked back to the table and told the adults goodnight before heading back to Sam’s room.
“Really?” Cas asked feeling more like a third wheel the part of the unit? Group? Family? His family? Cas took Dean’s place pushing the buggy around the store.
Dean's moans were growing louder as Cas’ walls began to clench around him. Everything was just too much. He wanted to out last Cas but he wasn't sure he was going to. “Oh, oh fuck, oh oh,” Dean moaned as Cas’ ass and his teeth clamped down on him.
Kate was the farthest thing from John’s mind right now, “Why didn’t you tell me about the claim, Mary?”
Cas watched as Emmy ran around the playground. It was her first day of kindergarten. Her first day of school. He watched as Dean walked her into the school. She looked like a doll. She wore the cutest little pink dress. Her blond hair laid in little ringlets. Dean did a good job getting her dressed. Her class was playing outside right now. Cas knew he looked like a creeper. He had been sitting outside the school all day. When he saw a few classes go on to the playground he got out of his car and walked over the fence. He was still about 50 feet from the nearest play equipment but he knew it would only be a matter of time before a teacher came over to ask him what he was doing and to leave. So he watched the blue eyed girl play so lively as long as he could.
Hey guys so here it is. who's ready to know what happens to John??? Well to bad. Mwhahaha. sorry about the wait guys. Spring break was awesome and internet free so couldn't post anything. but here is the next chapter let me know what y'all think. i thrive on comments. i need them like air lol!!!
“I know,” John said pouring a cup of coffee and drinking it black. “This isn’t what I hoped would happen to you but you're smiling again. It’ll be ok. Oh, your mom no school today Bobby’s gotta talk to you.”
After pulling a few more sheets of pink tissue paper she pulled out a porcelain tea seat. It was rather beautiful. The cups were lined with tiny pink roses, along with the lid of the tea pot and the rims of the plates. “Look Daddy look, a tea set, we can have tea parties. Do you think we can find him, so he can come to Daddy?”
Dean stretched as he rose from the couch. It took him a moment to remember where he was; he looked around the room quickly and saw that Cas wasn’t in the room anymore and neither was Gracie. Dean knew that Cas would be okay with her but that didn't stop the momentary freak out that he had.
Dean looked down at his hands, “I’ve always loved him, from the first day I saw him. I thought I was having some big gay freak out, but everything about him made me want to be with him. But in south Georgia, two male alphas doesn’t happen. The day I found out what he was,  I was thrilled. We could be together. He tried to make me leave, but all I could think of was if I left him someone would hurt him. I couldn’t let anyone hurt him. It never occurred to me that I was the one hurting him. The pain and guilt of what I did haunts me, everyday. I dropped out after he left because I couldn’t handle the school. It didn’t matter that I was a few weeks from graduation. He was gone, school no longer seemed important. He wasn’t there. I looked for him but I was almost relieved when I couldn’t find him. I knew I could never make up for what I did. I.. after what I did… so I did what I do best, I ignored it. I drowned myself in alcohol and work. I kept my distance from everyone, shut out my family and friends. He was gone, so nothing else mattered.” He was crying at the end of his rant.
Dean nodded and sat down beside Emmy. The three of them ate their pizza while watching the movie. Emmy laughed like she hadn’t seen the movie multiple times before. Dean smiled at his daughter and drunk in ever chuckle and laugh that Cas let out.
Grace had calmed back down, and wormed herself closer to Cas. he laid back on Dean’s bed and wrapped Gracie tightly in his arms. He knew that Dean liked to sing ‘Hey Jude’ softly to Gracie, so Cas started to hum it to her. SHe blinked slowly a few time before closing her eyes.
Dean knew that Sam was joking. He could hear the sarcasm laced in his words, “Bitch,” he spat back with no real venom.
The knob twisting is what brought Dean back to himself. He shoved his alpha back down, released the handle and slammed himself back against the wall. He wouldn’t do this again. Not to Cas. Cas deserved better than this. He slid down the wall landing on his ass with a thud. He was panting hard with his head buried in his hand, listening to the whimpering on the other side of the door.
He had let Dean touch him, he had begged for Dean to touch him. He kissed Dean and he sat on Dean's cock. It wasn’t Dean’s fault this time he had control. Dean gave him control and he... God what did he do?
“We could watch a movie or something.” the doorbell rang and Cas stood and walked over  to the door. He took the pizza from the delivery guy. He shut the door behind him before walking back to the couch with Dean. “Anything you want. Take your pick,” he said indicating to the over stuffed shelves that were full of movies.
A nurse and Emmy came into the room a few minutes later. Dean sat on the bed and pulled Emmy in his, being mindful of her arm. She wasn’t crying anymore. The nurse smiled at Dean, “You must be the father,” she said, shaking Dean’s hand, “I’m Tessa, and just a little update, she was given some pain medicine in the ambulance. The x-ray will be looked at to see where it's broke. It’ll be set and a cast will be put on it. She’ll probably fall asleep before the doctor gets in here but if she does it's the medicine, let her sleep.” Dean looked down at Emmy who was already half asleep. Dean smiled. “I’ll see you guys later,” Tessa said easing out of the room.
“Yes Ma’am, I will. Can you call the school to check us out?” he asked, looking down at Dean, smiling softly.
Dean smiled, “Come here,” he grabbed Cas by the wrist and led him out the back door. The sun had set, and the moon was full, there was even supposed to be a meteor shower tonight. Cas had been so unhappy the last couple of months, Dean understood why after everything that happened with Bart, but graduation was in a couple of weeks and Dean just wanted to see Cas smile.
Cas reacted by punching him square on the jaw. Bart’s face snapped to the side. “Don’t fucking touch me,” Cas growled and walked proudly out of the lunch room. Cas went home after that. Thank god it was Friday.
“I have a brother?” asked Cas. Nobody had notice that he had walked in and was standing close to the door.
With Cas’ teeth still buried in Dean’s neck and the gentle pull of blood, from the wound, leaking  down Cas’ throat and the hot puddle of come between them, Dean felt his knot catch on Cas’ rim locking him inside the omega, as he spilled his seed.
Dean was brought back to the here and now by the sound of the boys gym class coming back to change. Shit, he forgot about them. He pulled Cas with him backwards into a stall. He closed the toilet lid and sat down pulling Cas into his lap. The reality of what he had just done came flooding back to him. Cas, his best friend, sat tied to him in his lap on fucking toilet, blood dripping down his shoulder. Dean looked into his lap and noticed Castiel’s shoulder wasn’t the only place the young omega was bleeding from. There were spots of blood around the base of Dean’s cock also.
She laid the box next to the others and pulled out the card. She didn't open it, just handed it to Dean so he could read it later. Emmy picked up the doll and started rocking her. Dean took the chance to look at the phone in Gabe’s hand, he was still recording. “Thank you,” Dean mouthed looking at the phone and smiling slightly.
“If it’s not my two best girls,” John said, meeting Mary before she made it to the kitchen, “I’ll hold her while you fix her bottle.”
Cas doesn't move just lays there looking completely fucked out. His senses are faded and his eyes are heavy. This is a new kinda high that he has never been able to reach before.
Dean and Cas walked out the door, and Dean slipped a bug repellent bracelet on both of Cas’s wrist and then his own on. He led Cas over to the trampoline. He had spent a good hour arranging the pillows and blankets on the black mat. “Climb on,” Dean said smiling at his brother.
Dean didn’t say anything, hell he could barely remember lunch. He walked into the cafeteria in a haze. He had just walked in on Amara and her new guy.
He was just starting to loosen up as a few grunts flowed through the door, causing him to tense back up. He kept looking at the floor, keeping his eyes trained on a randomly brown spotted light tan carpet. He needed to think, to figure out how they were going to survive this without anything happening, without Dean attacking Cas again.
So hey everyone. I need to know something I have the next to chapter wrote but the next one is super sad and either John or Mary dies I won't say which. I can rewrite them where they don't die or I can leave it as it is. It is up to you, my people. Comment and let me know. love you all!!! Comment tell me I need to know!!!!!  oh and if any one can tell me how to load pictures that are saved on my computer on here please let me I want to do like a college thing with baby pics of Gracie but I can't figure out how to do any help would be great!!!
He watched as Dean took another deep breath, this time through his nose, and watched as the black pushed out the last remaining green in his eyes. He watched as the primal side of Dean began to grow and take over. “Please leave,” Castiel begged.
Finally Mary answered the phone, “Dean, why are you calling me during school? Are you ok?” she asked.
They finished the movie right before the doorbell rang, “I got it,” Cas said getting up off the couch and walked over to the door, opening it to the delivery man. He handed Cas the pizzas and the receipt before leaving.
John smiled at his son, his pride, “How about we talk about all this in the morning and we all get some sleep.”
“It was good, family came down. How about yours? Did you decide to join our family, yet?” She said gesturing to the classes behind her.
Cas smiled, “alright.” It took him only a few seconds to find the DVD before popping it into the xbox that sat beside the large tv. H le walked back over to the couch and turned on the controller to start the movie.
He found Sam and Dean running around the yard, Dean chasing Sam yelling, “Eat it I dare ya.” John laughed as he sat down on the top step and just watched his boys for a while. Dean finally caught up with Sam and pinned him to the ground by sitting on him.
“You don’t know what I did to him, so nothing that I went through was nearly enough. I deserved to go through that, all of that and so much more.”
Cas slid the phone back into his pocket, after the call ended, and went into the room he was directed to, “Holy…” his words died off as he looked around the room, off to the back side of the house a staircase led to the second story, a banister railing the edge of the stairs and the hallway it led up to. Cas could see three doors up there, and idly wondered which door had belonged to Ben.
Hey guys so so sorry about the wait. thanks for the comments and staying here and even asking when the next update will be, so here it is. I hope ya'll enjoy this chapter. I know it just sorta ends but I already have the next chapter written, so ya'll will get it next weekend.
“Do you know how much your son just cost me? Castiel was set to marry into one of the best families in the country, until your so called boy showed up with a baby.” Michael threw a disgusted look at Dean.
“I love you, Alpha,’ Cas whispered, before drifting easily off to sleep, still laying on top of Dean, tied to the alpha he had always wanted and sorta hated.
Cas gave Grace the passi and moved her so that she was laying against his chest. This was the most content he had ever been in his life, with the man he loved beside him and their daughter on his chest in their home. He didn't want this to ever end. He knew that it would though.
“I’m sorry,” Dean patted Cas’ shoulder and got Cas to look at him, “I am so sorry. I’ll make it better Monday if you want me too.”
Emmy placed it down beside the bear and pulled out more paper. She emptied the rest of the paper out of the box and there were two more gifts and a card. A large baby doll in a white dress with pink and purple flowers on it, the card and a small rectangular box sat on top of the doll.
They kissed for another few minutes until Cas place both hands on Dean’s chest and gently pushed him back. Dean moved back, as Cas pushed. His heart sank. Cas pushed him away. He should have know that this would happen, maybe he did know, but that didn’t stop him. Dean sat up on the couch and refused to look anywhere but at the floor.
Dean sat still for a few more moments before following Cas out the room. He finished the trek through the hall to the double doors that lead out to the gym. Dean walked over to the gym pausing only for a moment to look up at the sky, wishing for the thousandth time that night that Benny was walking in beside him.
Dean sighed and sat down on one end of the couch. He grabbed the remote and pulled his feet up underneath him. He turned on the tv and started flicking through the channel guide. He settled on Star Trek, Into the Darkness.
“Just making sure, boy, glad that’s your choice though,” Bobby said obviously relieved too. “Well,” he said scribbling down on his prescription pad. He might be an unconventional doctor but he was still an actual doctor, “Get this filled today. It’s the same medicine I gave you last night and this morning take it when you're feeling sick. The sickness should ease off in a few months. You’re due in September around the end of the month. I’ll figure out the exact date later.” Bobby pushed away from the table and walked over to the fridge, “I’d like to stay for a few more days to keep an eye on you. Make sure the meds work and all.” Bobby grabbed a beer and walked back to the guest room.
He felt the baby move at 9 weeks, it was just a small little flutter but it was the best feeling in the world. He was spending more time in the garage, loving the smell of grease, oil, and alpha. He wouldn’t lie, Benny was a bit intoxicating. Where Cas was all sweet fresh apple pie, Benny smelt like spicy gumbo and saltwater. It was different, but oh so good, and best thing is that the alpha wanted nothing from the young omega.
Cas wanted so bad to reach out and touch Dean, to lay his hand on the other’s back, but he didn’t. He kept his hands to himself, “Maybe I can come over every few days to keep the scent fresh or you could take something of mine with y'all,” Cas stopped talking and just looked at Dean. He had put Dean through so much this year that he couldn’t be any more of a problem to his love, “or,” Cas continued, “I can take you both home, give that baby a goodbye kiss and leave y’all alone. It might be a few weeks of restless nights but she’ll became used to me not being there and she’ll start sleeping right again.”
“Yeah, Baby,” Dean smiled down at his daughter, as she ripped open the present. Dean looked up to see Gabe recording the little girl. He had to be doing that for Cas. Dean leaned down next to his daughter and smiled as she tore the paper off the box. She was so excited. Dean loved seeing Emmy this way, hopefully, Cas would too.
Emmy ripped all the pink paper off the brown box, “Daddy, open it! open it!” She thrusted to box at him. Cas had taped the lid down.
Dean walked into the living room and sat down in the rocker, softly humming ‘Hey Jude’. Emmy had a steady pace sucking from the bottle. Dean looked down into the face of his beautiful baby girl. He tried not to think about the memories the dream had stirred up but all he could see was Cas’s bright blue eyes and the fear that still sat in them. He could hear Cas saying, “Release me, please. Take her and release me, that’s why I wrote your name name down.”
Cas looked at the face of his older brother. He had shaggy light brown hair and goofy grin. Cas held up the card next. It was a bank card, with Cas’ name on it. “What's this?” he asked Michael holding the card up.
That simple act was fuel to Castiel’s already raging fire, he lick a broad strip up the side of Dean’s neck, a low sound rumbled deep in his chest, almost like a purr. Dean smiled as Cas pulled away, only to have his lips devoured once again. He sat up and swiftly removed Dean’s boxer and tossed them across the room, “That's better,” he smirked.
Cas knew that he handled everything wrong. He would give anything to change what was done, how he acted.
“Nothing, Dean,” Cas pretty much sighed as he laid back on his pillows. Looking at Cas, Dean noticed that Cas looked a little more disheveled than usual. His messy hair was messier than when Dean had briefly seen him a school.
Nothing was really said as they watched her sleep for a few minutes but Dean felt himself leaning into Cas’ side before he could really stop himself. Dean almost sighed as Cas wrapped his arms around him.
When he walked back into the room he wrinkled his nose at the smell. He understood what Cas had been speaking of, but it wasn't just Dean that stank. The entire room did.
Dean turned around to face Cas. He grasped the hem of Cas’ black shirt and pulled it over his head, “I love you too, Cassie,” Dean smiled before kissing the alpha. “Lay down,” he mumbled to Cas and gently shoved his shoulder. Cas did as Dean asked and situated until he was laying flat on his back.
It was a short ride to school; Cas pulled in and parked, grabbed his bag out the front seat beside him and left the car locking it before walking away. He had done his best to avoid people since ‘Drea left and he moved away from his dad. It occurred to him that his so called friends were all kids of people who worked for his father, none were his actual friends. He pulled away from them and tried to make new friends.
“I told you, I’m very successful in what I do.” Cas smiled at Dean, he couldn’t believe that Dean like this show. “And he is friends with my ex.” Cas laughed as Dean continued to stare at him, “and he wears those dirty scuffed up boots all the time. You have no idea how unsexy someone can be until you see then in nothing but a speedo and those boots. It's horrible.” Dean laughed along with Cas. “You know what,” Cas pulled out his phone and fiddled with it for a few seconds, “I might have a picture. He thought he looked hot, and he so did not.”
Cas sank his teeth deep in Dean's neck before he really even realised what he had done. He tasted the metallic sting of Dean's blood leaking into his mouth. Cas came, with his body smashed tightly against Dean’s.
Ash and Dean had been talking for a good thirty minutes or so when Becky stepped up to the mic that was set up in one corner of the room alone with a keyboard. Becky had called Dean about six months ago, asking for some pictures of Benny for the memorial that she wanted to do for the classmates that had passed away before the ten year reunion. Dean would never admit to anyone that he cried as he looked for pictures that he knew Benny would be proud of.
The room was quiet for a few minutes after Emmy left, it was sorta an awkward quiet after how close Dean was to Cas earlier, but it was Cas that broke the silence first, “Thank you for letting me be here,” Cas started, “I know that you didn’t have to let me stay after you got here, or let me hold her, so thank you.” Cas smiled slightly and Dean.
They climbed out of the car and stretched out their limbs, “Dean, you wanna grab the coolers out the back and Sammy go open up the door let it air out some before we march in there”
Dean watched as Cas’ eyes fell from his face to his neck, “Do you regret it?” Dean asked shyly bringing his hand up to the slightly sore mark.
Ash found him not long after he walked back into the gym. Ash was doing good for himself; he had graduated from MIT at the top of his class and was currently doing some top secret shit for the government, but he still showed up to the reunion with a mullet, an old black t shirt that had the sleeves cut off of them, and jeans, that look like they got into a fight with a ninja and the ninja won, they were whitewashed with rips and tears everywhere but the ass and crotch, thank god for small favors.
Then there was Kevin Tran, smart ass little asian. He had skipped a few grades so the torture on him was pretty nonstop, and it just wasn’t from Dean. A lot of people pick on the kid.
Dean felt Cas nod again, “I fell in love with you that day. I know you probably couldn’t tell with the way I was with that beta. The ferris wheel, that whole ride all I wanted to do was to kiss you, that scared the shit out of me, but being next to you felt right.”
Cas was terrified. He had never been more scared in his life. This is why it was so important for him to hide what he was. As archaic as it sounds, the South is still a little farther behind on how omegas should be treated, especially male omegas. They were property, sold and bargained off to any alpha that wanted him, or raped and beaten, left to die alone at the bottom of a ditch, without a single person to do anything to stop it. He had read the horror stories that popped up throughout the South. He was gonna be one, now. He just knew it.
“After the story I can call Sam to sit with her and drive you home, or Sam could drive you home, or we could call Gabe, or you know whatever you want.”
“Of course,” Cas says smiling over at Dean and looking back at Emmy. Cas spent the ride to Wal-Mart thinking back on all the times he had spent right here in this very seat. He thought about all the times that he and Dean would waste time doing nothing but driving around back when Dean still thought Cas was an alpha, back when Cas played football and asshole alphas didn’t look at him like he was peice of meat. They had spent hours in this car together, most of which were good, hell even great times.
“I can’t,” Dean sighed pushing Cas away. He missed Cas so much it hurt sometimes, “loving you hurts to much.”
He strolled into the bathroom, on a mission. Castiel was standing by a sink at the end of the row, looking in the mirror. He was looking a little rough, but not as bad as Dean, or well not yet at least. Crowley had a plan to change that. “Anybody else in here?” he sang out, his accent leaking through with words. No one said anything. Crowley closed the door and twisted the lock until it clicked.
“Go to your room,” Dean said trying to ignore the omega's scent. He has had dreams about this scent. It haunted him and now it's wrapped around him and he had to keep his shit together.
“What do I do, Gabe? I’m willing to try anything. She needs to know him. Don’t get me wrong I’m miss him so much. I want him to be with us for mostly selfish reasons, but above all that Emmy needs him, the softer part of family that she’s lacking now, since Mom, she needs him. I can’t do this alone anymore. When Mama was here she did her best to help me but she gone,” he hadn’t even realised that he was crying, “I can’t do this anymore. I love her and I’m grateful for the advice you gave so long ago but I don’t know what to do anymore.”
Cas moved two to his plate also and looked back to Dean, “Umm, there's already butter on them, want syrup?”
Laying down she wrapped her arms around herself. The bed felt to big, to cold. Everything she loved about her bed was laying in a different bed. Alone. In a cold hospital bed.
Sam nodded, “Yes ma’am, when I got home he was asleep. What’s wrong with him?” He was really worried and no one was doing anything. Why weren’t they doing something. He might only be twelve but he knew there was something wrong with Dean. If he could see it then the adults must see it too.
Hey y'all, so thanks to y'all all asking for more here is a little bit about how Dean is after the locker room. Its super short but I hope y'all like it. I think a lot of this will be in Dean's pov but there will be some Cas pov thrown in later. if this chapter gets praise then I will keep moving this forward. thank y'all for the comments and kudos they make my day. Love y'all.
Cas stood up and took the papers that Michael handed to him. Michael then held out his hand and Cas shook his hand, like a man for the first time in his life.
Dean laid in bed staring up at the dark ceiling. Cas is pregnant, well was pregnant. He… fuck this is… Shit… He pulled himself out of bed and started packing a bag.
Cas accepted the extended hand, and with help Cas pulled himself, swaying slightly. His head was spinning, his lungs felt like they were on fire and he could almost feel the bruises forming along his side. He looked up into the face of his helper, dark hair, broad shoulders, tall. Ion.
Dean gasped as Cas’s knot expanded in his ass. God it was bliss, being so full. Dean clenched his ass tight around Cas, milking him. He wrapped his arms around Cas, “Do it” he whispered, “I submit to you, my Alpha.”
I'm so sorry for the long break guys. I forgot how time consuming school was. But I am on break right now so I'm gonna try to get some chapters cranked out over the next few weeks. I will not  stop writing this story, so for those of you who are on the journey with me please don't give up this. We will get there, I promise. thank you all for reading this and telling me what you think. s always comment and kudos make my day.
The shower was great. It was hot and steamed up the bathroom. Cas leaned back against the wall and slid down it to the floor. He laid his head back against the wall and just sat under the hot stream of water.
Michael said nothing. He just looked at Cas, as though he wasn’t believing the blue eyed boy was standing there.
“I’m sorry for how I’ve been. I’m sorry for turning my back on you and not standing up to my friends for you. I’ll do better” Dean shifted on the trampoline and climbed on top of Cas, “I’ll be better, if you let me,” Dean kisses Cas on the check, “If you still want me.” Dean kisses Cas on the other check.
“I’m gonna make him soup. Why don't you go ahead and fix you some pizza. If you want, I got Dean’s favorite, so maybe take him a peice see if he wants it.”
“Hey,” Uriel snapped, “since Winchester is a bitch now maybe we will all take a turn with him. See how nice that pretty ass really is.”
Dean smiled slightly before walking out of the room without acknowledging that he hadn’t  been able to sleep more that three or four hours a night since Cas left. “You could have woke me when she woke up, I didn’t mean to fall asleep like that.”
Cas smiled and buried his hands into Dean’s hair, it was soft from his shower earlier, and pulled him back to him making their lips meet again.
He reemerged from the room as Dean turned to enter it causing Cas to run face first into Dean's chest, “Sorry,” he whispered, as Dean wrapped both arms around him to steady. Cas couldn’t move. He couldn’t breath, the smell of Dean completely overwhelming him. Before he even realized he was moving, he leaned into Dean’s embrace, letting the Alpha hold him for a moment.
Cas was looking at him sorta like a deer staring into headlights. Dean wasn’t even sure what he was doing as he started leaning toward Cas. He moved slowly, his mind in a fog. He wasn’t sure if he wanted Cas to stop him of not. But Cas didn’stop him, he just looked at Dean.
“No, sweetie, just listen out for gracie. Why don’t you go see her? I know Dean doesn’t let you spend that much time with her.” Cas smiled at Mary. She really was the best person he knew.  “I won't tell him,” She gave Cas a small kiss on his check before Cas dashed up the stairs and into Dean’s bed room.
Cas realized that he really liked, maybe even loved Dean in this car. It was about six months after he had moved down here and he and Dean had hit it off real well from the beginning. Cas knew it was because his omega like Dean’s alpha, but Cas ignored the omega’s call and became friends, then best friends with the snarky green eyed alpha. They had been out to the fair that day and Dean had won Cas a big ol’ bear. It was meant as a joke or well to Dean anyway but to Cas that bear meant a lot. They spent the whole day doing stupid shit around the fair.
“They are ok. They were a little bangged up but nothing too bad." They both looked over at their boys, still not noticing that John had woken up.
“This is Kevin,” she said smiling, pointing to the minion in the middle of the three, “he’s the bravest and this is stuart, he plays guitar,” pointing to the one with only one eye, “and this is Bob, he’s my favorite, he becomes king.”
Dean slid Cas's boxers down, "turn over" he said gently, as he slides his pants and boxers to the ground. Dean runs his fingertips lightly across the younger man's back. He places kiss up his spine before placing both hands on Cas's hip and easing him to his knees.
Dean knocked an elbow into Benny bringing him back to here and now. Benny smiled and followed Dean over to the booth where Mary and Sam was already sitting on one side, leaving the other side open for Dean, Benny and Gracie. Dean slid in first, cradling Gracie above the table, leaving room for Benny on the outside.
Cas had gotten better without the bond. It hurt everyday without Dean, being pregnant and alone was the worst hell he’d ever been through, that day included. It was only a little easier for him after the baby and bond were gone, but the love for Dean that Cas felt didn't fade and the want that the omega yearned for from the alpha never went away. Cas has been in therapy for four years, at first he refused to talked about it. He did everything he was meant to make sure that Dean’s baby was healthy, because no matter how hard he tried he couldn’t think of this child as his baby also, but she could be Dean’s. He would carry Dean’s baby and make sure she was perfect for him and when the time came give her to him.
“Gabes out of town. I was thinking I’d just walk, it's not to far from here,” Cas said looking at the door. He’d love to be in baby again but maybe being alone with Dean wasn't a good thing. He didn't trust himself that much. He wants to be with Dean, to stay right here, safe, wrapped in Dean’s scent. He had missed Dean so much and never knew how much he could love one little girl but he does love Emmy. Dean has done such a great job with her.
“You know school starts today, in about 45 minutes actually, you are going dear. I know this has been about Cas and we have given you all break to deal with it in your own way but now it's time to pull yourself together and move on,” she said as she walked over to the bed and sat down beside him.
Cas pressed the snooze button on his phone, before pushing back his blanket and getting out of bed. He quietly got a new pair of boxers out of the top drawer of his dresser. He looked up at the sleeping figure on the top bunk, sighed, and walked out the bedroom door.
Dean slowly made his way to the door, damn, he was tired. The snow and cold always made him sleepy. He passed Sam, sitting in the living room watching cartoons, Batman. Dean smiled and walked to the door.
“There isn’t much here but we could order pizza or you could let me take you out. Wherever you want to go.”
Bobby was chuckling as Dean laid a hand on his father’s fist, “It’s gonna be ok, Dad, stop try to decide how best to murder him,” Dean was still smiling but it grew as he said that. John huffed and Mary giggled.
Cas was internally freaking out, this is the first time he has ever held her, and she is screaming and bleeding and he felt like it was all his fault. “Lead the way,” he said to Lisa.
It had been a long time since John had spent anytime alone with his boys. It took some convincing but he finally got Dean to agree to leave Gracie with Mary for the day while they went out to the Campbell’s old cabin. It was an isolated old wood structure out in the middle of a clearing a couple miles into the woods behind the farm that Mary’s dad owned before he passed and left it to Mary. It was about fifty miles outside of town, and only family knew where it was.
“Okay” was all Sam said. Honestly Sam didn't like the fact that Cas was here. Yeah he understood something tragic had happened to Cas. He knew that and he knew he was being sorta assish by not being more sympathetic for the omega but to Sam all he could see when he thought of Cas was, looking at nineteen year old Dean in the eyes and seeing a half dead alpha who was holding a screaming infant that her omega father didn't want. Sam couldn't fathom why anyone wouldn't want Emmy no matter how she got here, every inch of her is completely amazing.
Dean gently rolls his hips Cas against, forcing Cas to feel his hardness against his own. A lustful moan escapes both men's lips.
She pulled John’s pillow to him and hugged it close. She felt utterly alone. The only comfort she has was knowing that he was wake.
Dean looked away from Cas and down the road, he wanted to tell Cas yes, to claim those soft kissable lips and love him the way he deserves to be but he can't, so he doesn't say anything, he just kept looking down the road. It took Dean a minute to notice the group of men down the at the corner of the road, he said nothing just looked back at Cas, “I’d love to Cas, but it's best if I go home,” Dean paused and looked back down the street, “when is Gabe coming back?”
Lisa was thrilled to be teaching kindergarten this year and to have Emmy in her class. The first day started off kinda rough. Only a few kids had went to pre-k so it was a new experience for most. The kids were ready when it was finally time for recess and so was Lisa. She watched as they ran around playing. Emmy was just smiling playing on the slides. Lisa was looking around the playground when something, well someone, caught her attention. She wasn’t sure but she thought it was Cas, just watching the children play.
I'm horrible, I know. I will not give up on this story and I hope that y'all don't give up on me. I'm thinking maybe six more chapters to wrap up things, settle out things, make everyone happyish hopefully. Read. Enjoy. Let me know what you think, maybe what you would like to see happen.
“John, calm down,” Bobby said pushing his chair back, away from the table and stood up, “I need to go talk to Dean. Stay here I’ll be back in a minute.”
Cas grasped Dean face again and lifted it up to face him. He brushed the tears of Dean’s freckled cheeks. He hadn’t thought about all the problems that presenting caused. “This isn’t over,” he said kissing the tip of Dean’s nose, “I will not lose you yet. You are mine.” Cas smiled and dove for Dean’s lips knocking him flat on his bed. “Let me have you. I want to have you as my first, as an alpha,” he whispered raspily into Dean’s ear, nibbling on it, causing the boy below him moan. “Please,” he flicked his tongue over the shell of Dean’s ear. “Let me top this time.”
“We don’t really have a reason. He lost a lot of blood before he arrived, and almost lost the baby. It could be simply because he doesn’t want to wake up yet, or it could be he is healing. He’ll be okay, along with your daughter.” She smiled sweetly before moving over to Cas’s bedside checking on the machines. “He is doing fine. His vitals are great, so really I guess it’s up to him when he wakes up.” She swiftly left the room. He leaned back in the chair right before the door cracked open again, “Try talking to him, it might help.”
Castiel stood looking at the large white house. He saw Bobby walk out and pull away swiftly. John followed him out a few minutes later, just standing on the porch looking down at something in his hand, a phone maybe. Castiel had meet Bobby a few times. He knew the older man was the family doctor and Mary's brother or uncle or something. If Bobby was here, then Dean was really sick.
“I said go,” not all alpha’s had to growl and raise their voice to let their alpha seep in the voice.
"I'm not gonna push you. When you get done go get a shower and go to bed. You look like you haven't slept at all. I'll wake up when dinner's ready." She said as Cas finished his food. She took the plate to the sink and washed it off as Cas got up and went upstairs to his bedroom.
Bobby left the room and headed back down stairs, walking in on a rather heated hushed argument, “Don’t you dare,” Mary said harshly, walking away from the table, “you don’t get to compare me not telling you about Dean to you sleeping with someone else. You broke our vows, weakened the bond, all for what? What did you gain?”
“Bout a day and a half.” Benny said, following Dean’s line of sight. “It was scary, but you both are okay,” he drawled out affection leaking out with his words.
He moaned when Cas rocked his jean clad crotch down against his own boxer covered erection. He gasped for breath when Cas’ lips moved from his lips to his throat, licking, kissing and gently sucking on his clavicle. He rocked his hips slowly, just barely touching Dean. Dean felt like he was dying.
Dean was trying to keep himself together but everything around him was driving him crazy. Cas smelled so good, so strong and sweet, and so close for the taking, but Dean had to remind himself that Cas wasn’t his to take.
“Daddy,” Emmy screamed, running up to Dean and wrapping herself around his legs, however, she was only momentarily happy to see her daddy, “Where has you been, Daddy?” she demanded to know as soon as she let go of Dean’s legs.
He shoved Castiel’s face back into the sink, “You hurt someone I care greatly about. You will pay.” Castiel face hit the sink once more before Crowley let him fall to the cold floor. A black, polished, shiny shoe connected with his ribs a few times causing gasps of pain from the other alpha. “You can’t treat him like that. He is precious and you broke him. You can’t break things and expect to not be punished. You deserve this.”
“Hey Cas,” Dean whispered, lightly grabbing his hand. “Cas,” he said a little louder,receiving no answer. All the machines were working so clearly Cas wasn’t dead, but why wasn't he waking up?
He walks in the room and over to the dresser and looks up at the large mirror connect to the dresser. Mary loved this dresser. it was one of her mother’s. It as covered in dust, much like everything else, the edges were covered in spiders and cobwebs. It had been a long time since he really looked in a mirror, no matter how dirty, he couldn’t deny the silver that had almost overtaken his scruffy face. He sighed, running a hand through his thinning dark brown hair, he walked out of the room, down the hall and out the front door.
Cas walked the distance to Ellen’s diner. He thought alot on the way there, mostly about how he was broke and hungry and headed to the best diner in the state, while broke and hungry. What was wrong with him.
The sat beside each other eating their food and letting the movie play. Dean looked down and saw Gracie asleep on the elephant. He tapped Cas on the arm directing his attention to their daughter asleep on the floor.
Dean nodded and walked out the room closing the door gently behind him. He couldn’t explain everything that was bouncing around in head. Cas hated him. Dean couldn’t blame him. He missed Cas, so much, during the first few months. He felt like he was dying, like there was a part of chest missing. So he did what he always did, he made himself forget. Until now.
Down the stairs were the JROTC rooms, the drama class/ auditorium and the home etc. classes. Dean never spent much time in this hallway but he remembered the old Sergeant that used to bust his ass every time he walked through this hall always for the same things: “take your hat off,” “pull up your pants,” “tuck in your shirt.” He was always yelling at Dean. He was always yelling at everyone. The trophy case that lined a section of one side of the hallway seemed to have gotten a little bigger but other that like everything the hall looked the same.
The drive to the hospital was long to say the very least. It was a day’s drive stopping twice for food, and a break from driving once. He arrived at the hospital around five am the next morning. He was tired and scared. Well scared maybe wasn’t the right word. He was a horrible mix between nervous and terrified. He stomach was doing flips and hadn’t even seen Cas yet.
Dean was incredibly sore. Bobby had gave Dean some medicine for the pain, some good pain meds for now laced with codeine. Since Dean wasn’t a full omega he couldn't breastfeed Gracie. He didn’t realize until Mary had mentioned that it was time for her to eat that Dean realized that he would have to buy bottles and formal. He had some clothes and all for her but he hadn’t thought of how she was gonna eat.
Dean huffed and turned back around walking past the old gym and the band room. He chuckled to himself as he walked past the front office remembering when Benny had walked into one of the concrete columns outside of the doors. He missed Benny and wished the son of bitch was he with him now, but no Benny had to go be a hero.
This is why, Dean thought, that he stopped hanging out with Cas, it was so much harder to ignore these thoughts when he wasn’t around Cas. He felt the bed shift beside him and looked over to see Cas moving up to sit beside him, sitting so close that their thighs touched. Dean groaned and tried not to say fuck again.
“Knot me, Alpha,” Dean moaned as he began to feel the Cas’s knot catch against his rim, “I want you to fill me full, stretch me, baby.” That was all Cas needed to hear, still pumping on Dean’s cock, Cas could tell he was close, so close.
Dean pushed himself up off the stairs and down the last few stairs, into the kitchen. John,Bobby and Mary looked up at him, “Feeling better, boy?”Bobby asked.
He wanted it to be with Dean maybe not in a dingy cheap motel but still. He was sure that it would always be Dean he wanted to give this to. Dean leaned back on the pillows and held his arms open for Cas to join him, which Cas did snuggling into the man's chest. "I love you," he whispered into Dean's skin placing a kiss on Dean's chest.
Cas moved away from Dean and rolled over, so he was face to face with the green eyed beauty, “I’m sorry,” Cas said in low, rough voice. Dean was laying behind him, on his side, just looking at Cas, like he was the most precious thing in the world, and maybe to Dean, Cas really was.  Cas looked down at the nasty marred flesh at the top of Dean's collar. “I should not have done that.”
Dean waved to his family and joined Bobby in the car. The car pulled away from the house and headed toward the interstate. “Slow down,” Dean said to Bobby a few blocks away from Dean’s house. He could see the iron gates. He just wanted one more look, before he left Cas behind him. He sighed as Bobby slowed down enough for Dean to take in the house and the boy sitting under a large oak close to the gates. Dean was to far to see if the bruises had faded any or not.
Cas didn’t answer Dean. He just sat there shaking and naked on the bathroom floor. “If you need me I’ll be down stairs.”
Cas couldn't understand his father. Michael had always been so mean toward omegas. Cas found it hard to believe that he used to have one, that they had a child. Michael had an omega child with an omega.
The bell rung and Dean pushed himself out of his desk and headed toward the door. He would talked Cas before lunch. He wasn’t exactly sure what he was gonna say but he had time to figure that out. He was quiet for the rest of the morning, but he was still all smiles. He had a few small talks with a few friends but nothing major.
“Good point, Dad,” Sam said flopping down a few feet from the banks of the water. Dean followed, farther down and John settled somewhere in the middle. Soon they each had a line in water and were just waiting for a bite.
Emmy whinned again, as Dean stopped humming. He smiled and stood up holding the bundle close to him before heading back upstairs to his, their, room.
“I know what happened, what you did. I confronted Gabe when you got real bad, about why Cas wouldn't come back to you if he knew that you were dying and Gabe told me. Went full on Alpha, threw me up against a wall, had his hand wrapped around my throat and told me that he was the last person I need to complain to about the health of a brother and then he told me. All of it. Everything he knew from you and Cas. I didn't speak to you for like a month then you ended up in the hospital and what happened with Cas was horrible what you did was unspeakable but I couldn't stand by and watch you die. So I tried to help, and I never said anything about knowing.”
“Wait,” Cas called to Dean, “ Do you remember what I told you that day?” Dean stopped with his hand on the door, about to open it, “ I said that I would always love you and I do. I told you that we would be together. I truly thought that we could, at least for a while, but I messed up. Michael called me while we were asleep, told me I needed to come home. He had something for me to do. I rushed home, because as you know Michael isn’t an alpha to mess with. When I got home he was waiting for me. The first thing he did was scent me and all he smelled was you. He knew what we had been doing, not the claim, but enough. He kicked my ass and then told me if I had anything else to do with you, he’d make you disappear, and he would, you know it. He told me it was time for me to be an alpha, not a bitch. I didn’t do it because I wanted to leave you, I did it to save you.”
Dean actually smiled at Cas, “Here,” he laid the baby in Cas’ arms, “support her head. Just place your hand here.” Dean moved Cas’ hand to cradle Gracie’s head. He maneuvered he so that she was sitting on Cas’ legs.
“Jo’s here,” Ash said, handing Dean a shot of something. It felt weird to be openly drinking on campus, but he down the shot and sat the glass on the table behind him. “She seems kinda pissed, bro, whatcha do to her this time?”
Dean leans down to cover Cas's body with his own, kissing him eagerly before rolling his hips and hitting Cas's sweet spot again, causing the smaller man to gasp and clench the sheets again. "Fuck, Dean… Fuck me…" He moans through Dean's thrusts.
Dean watched as Cas came back into the room holding the toys for Gracie. Cas placed the toys in front of Gracie, close enough so that she could reach them if she wanted them. He then moved back to the couch and sat beside Dean.
Cas saw Dean’s eyes drift over his body, “Shit,” Cas mumbled before sprinting to his room. He grabbed a pair of loose, low hanging sweatpants before moving back to the stairs. Dean was still standing at the bottom.
He walked out to the highway and started walking back to Kansas. As cars passed he held his thumb out hope that one would stop. An hour later six cars had passed, not bothering to look back. The seventh car passed and slowed. The driver leaned his arm out the window and motioned for the boy to come here. Cas ran up to the car's passenger window. It was old mixed matched color car, that was in serious need of a paint job. "Where you headed, boy?" asked an older man with a short cut beard and a dirty ball cap.
“Nothing,” Castiel tried to sound casual but even to his own ears he could hear the almost desperation. His skin was starting to tingle. God why was this happening. “Tell Harper I’m not feeling well and I’m gonna go to the nurse.” He was on fire. He knew this feeling, this is the same feeling he had last year when he presented as an omega, before he moved to this fucked up town. He saw Dean’s shoes recede and hoped that he listened to him.
Emmy’s eyes lit up, “oh yes, Cassie come with us, please, please please?” she begged. She was still sitting in his  lap looking up at him with bright blue eyes.
The man looked at Dean and his eyes turned cold, “So the great Dean Winchester likes my music?” Dean could almost feel the bite in his voice, “I should feel honoured.”
Sam came thundering down the stairs pulling a red shirt over his head, almost tripping on the last stair, “I’m coming,” he called, “Wait, Dean,” Sam stumbled over his untied shoes and landed face first behind the couch. “Dammit,” the thirteen year old cursed. “I’m ready, Dean, lets go get Dad.”
Dean pushed Cas away when he started thinking of Cas as his Alpha. Cas wasn’t his Alpha. He might have hoped it once but that was a long time ago, now Cas is a sperm donor at best, “You don’t get to do that,” Dean mumbled before turning around to rush inside.
She pulled a big brown leather book out of its place, sitting back down and flipping through some pages, “I think he’s a Carrier,” she said stopping on a page and passing the book over to Cas, “They are mostly legends. Mostly the stories talk about an unpresented submitting to an alpha and getting pregnant. There's usually a claim in most of them. They are super rare. They don't really have a status, some choose to become their alpha’s omega others don’t. It’s all there in that book. I thought they were just stories my father used to tell me and read. He says that my omega was a carrier, that he was absolutely beautiful. They’re special. Dean’s special.”
“Ok but shh, the commercial is over.” Dean laid back against the couch and watched the rest of the episode.
“Are you insane,” Dean could hear the venom in his voice, “what if she is an Omega? Do you know the last time an omega D'Angelo was born?”
He felt Cas move beside him, but he didn’t move. “We need to straighten up some,” Cas said breathlessly. Dean chanced a glance at Cas, and he was smiling, looking at Dean like he hung the moon. Dean blushed furiously and helped Cas clean off the coffee table. Cas put what was left of the pizzas in the fridge and locked the front door, while Dean put the whisky bottle back in the laundry room.
“How young you are, Dean Winchester,” Dean would have laughed under different circumstance and tell this prick that he had been through his own roughness, that made him grow up more than he should have, but, right now at this moment, he couldn’t have agreed more with the stranger. “I’m gonna tell you a story but first answer this question. What if Cassie doesn’t want to go with you? What then, will you make him, command him no matter how unhappy it will make him?” Dean laid his head back in his hands but didn’t answer.
"Oh baby, you feel so good," Dean moans in Cas's ear before tugging on his earlobe causing Cas to shiver and moan beneath him. He has had both male and female partners before Cas but none of them ever felt as good as Cas. He thrust in and out at a speedy pace relishing in the moans and screams he can pull from the younger man's lips.
“Sure thing Gigantor,” Dean was amazed how easily Gabe and Sam got along. Gabe had been around since the night that they meet in the hospital. he wasn’t always there but for the big things, he could always be counted on, Christmas, birthday, random holidays and sometimes just to see Emmy.
Dean shuffled around on the top shelf of a random cabinet. He had found John's stash by complete accident and until now hadn’t got into it. Dean pulled out a bottle of Jack. He went back into the living and sat the bottle on the table between the two.
“No problem, Ma’am.” Crowley said before hanging up the phone and handing it back to Dean. “Seem’s like I’m taking you home. I’m gonna go get our stuff out of class and talk to Copeland. I’ll be back in a minute, ‘kay.” Dean nodded and tried to pull himself up but Crowley place a hand on his shoulder to stop him, “Stay,” he said standing up and looking back at Dean, “I’ll be back in a minute and I want you to still be sitting right there.”
John and Mary looked confused, Bobby sighed, “Think of it like his wolf is both Alpha and Omega, but he will only ever be Castiel’s omega. He won't present as Alpha or Omega unless he chooses to be Castiel’s omega. According to the studies, the claim will never go away, but he isn’t a traditional omega, therefore he can’t be treated like one. He can do everything the same as a beta. In the eyes of the law that’s what he will always be. A beta. Unless he is with Cas. It’s happened before, not a lot but it’s been seen.”
“Well guys,” Becky started in a much too happy voice for what she was about to lead up to, “First, I would like to thank everyone that was able to make it tonight. It's been a long ten years and it's been so amazing to talk with old friends again. Unfortunately for some of those not here with us tonight, it was not by their choice,we have had six classmates leave us too soon: Scott Carey, Sophie Carlton, Marshall Hall, Benjamin Lafitte, Tessa Murphy and Ron Reznick.”
Dean looked around for a moment before remembering that he had sat it down on the half wall. He got up and walked over to it, picking up the remote and walking back to the couch. He sat down and pressed play.
Cas wasn’t sure how long he sat on the porch looking at the paper, or when the spot beside him became occupied. He jumped when he heard Dean's voice from beside him, “You’ve been out here for while.”
Cas let go of Uriel, allowing him to fall to the ground, and moved to follow Ms. Barnes. Uriel however didn't start to follow Barnes, but looked at the group of guys he had just been embarrassed in front of and charged at Cas. He rammed into Cas with his shoulder, stunning Cas, for only a moment, before Cas turned around and threw a fist at the other boys face, landing on his cheek.
He pulled out his phone again and called Sam explain what was going on with Cas and asking him to stay with Emmy til Gabe got home. He sat quietly while Sam explained why Dean staying was a horrible idea,
Tessa left the room quietly after dropping off Emmy and return about twenty minutes later with discharge papers and a prescription for her pain medication. After the paperwork was finished Tessa and Cas wheeled Emmy out of the ER, while Dean pulled the impala into the pick up drop off area. Tessa was gone before Dean got back with the car but he couldn’t help the smile that spread across his face as he looked up at them waiting for him.
"Okay, baby" Dean said, removing his fingers and gently rolls Cas over on his back. He slides up against him between his legs, aligning his erection with Cas's entrance. He leans over to kiss
“I love you little one,” Cas kissed her forehead and continued to hum. Cas drifted off to sleep holding her on his chest.
Cas watched as Dean walked into the class. He looked happy today, maybe he had found a way to be happy without Cas. Cas knew, however, that he would never be happy without Dean. Dean was everything to him. He just wanted to run away from this whole town, everyone but Dean. He would take Dean with him. They could disappear together, away from everyone.
It all dawned on Dean at the name, “Sammy, the omega that went missing. He was a story that people used to tell. I didn’t even think he was real.”
Dean avoided the question. “C’mere,” he pulled Cas closer to him and wrapped his arms around the omega, “Can I tell you a secret?”
Hey guys. so sorry about the wait. Hope y'all like it. Please let me know how y'all feel. And just so y'all know. Y'all are the best. I never thought this would be so liked but 95 comments and 264 kudos later let me know different. I love hearing from y'all. And I try to make things realisticish but I also need to move things o.n so please enjoy.
“Course,” Dean said, he hopped on the trampoline and moved up beside Cas. “do you remember the last time we camped out here?”
He hadn’t noticed when Dean walked up to him until he heard Maggie giggle and Uriel, the big annoying oaf, ask, “What the hell do you want, Winchester?” Uriel had never liked Dean. Michael would know that Dean was trying to talk to Cas before Dean left. He had to get rid of Dean.
The last kid that got picked on, on a regular schedule, was Cas- shit- what was his name Cas Milton. His name was something other than Cas but Dean couldn’t think of it. Cas was a joke at best. He was a seventeen year old that wore suits and trench coats to school. The kid was practically begging to be beat up. Benny started with him, but once Dean had seen the small, messy haired, blue eyed geek, he was sold.
“I didn't know,” Cas was still looking at the plate. He could see from the steam rising off the food that Dean had taken the time to microwave it before walking into the living room. “Would you like me to?”
Cas felt his knot growing, “God I want to knot you. Tell me what to do Dean. I can pull out if you want but you have to tell me now, Dean, what do you want?” He knew he couldn’t hold on for much more longer.
Cas smiled at his sisters over protectiveness, “A friend needed a ride home, and, ummm, I need you to come get me.”
Cas began to sway his hips as Dean claimed his throat, gently biting and kissing anywhere his mouth landed. It was Cas’ turn to moan as Dean moved his affections down Cas clavicle and chest before flicking his tongue over one of Cas’ nipples. Cas’ hips stuttered slightly, as Dean closed his lips over the bud and sucked gently.
Yeah, Dean thought, because last time he had been about two seconds from pushing Cas back on his bed and doing everything he had thought about since he was thirteen. “Can’t,” Dean sighed, “Coach does random drug tests and if I fell I’m off the team.” He saw Cas’ face fall a little, “but I do know where Dad keeps his good liquor.”
Cas said nothing for moment, just kept looking at the wooden boards of the porch, “Thank you for allowing me to stay,” he said after a moment bringing his eyes up to look at Dean, “would you like to come in?” Cas wasn't sure why he asked again,standing at the door, an open invitation for anything to happen inside the empty house, but it felt like the right thing to do.
What the fuck is that sound, is the first thing that run through Dean’s mind, as the annoying sound continued to violate his ears. He blindly reached over to his bedside table and patted on his alarm clock, pressing the snooze button. The sound continued. So he reached for his phone, trying not to knock it off the table. He picked it and stared at the screen. He didn’t recognize the number, so he silenced it and laid it back down. A moment later the phone peeps showing he has a missed call and a new voice mail. He groaned if it was important enough to leave a message he should probably check it. He was about to listen to the voicemail when the phone began to ring again. It’s the same number. This time Dean did answer the phone, “‘ello,” he grumbled.
“Alright,” she said typing something in, “He’s in room 209 in labor and delivery, on the second floor.”
Dean had been rough on some of the people in his class. He thought about a few of them often and hoped that this man wasn't one of the people he and Benny shoved in lockers when they wandered the halls.
At 32 weeks Dean saw his Gracey again. She was getting bigger, but Bobby said that she needed to be just a bit bigger. Everything seemed to be growing good, she was just small. Dean was happy to get to see her again. He couldn't wait to hold his baby, just eight more weeks.
“He was very real, just someone that didn’t matter. Im am Gabriel Palliegro. I’ve seen the damage that a forced bond can do an omega. I won't stand by and let you hurt Cassie.”
Cas slid as close behind Dean as he could, pressing himself against Dean’s back. He pressed his lips to the crook of Dean’s neck breathing deeply, like Dean did earlier. Cas’s senses has sharpened a great deal of the last few weeks. He loved the way Dean smelled. He was all leather and spice with a touch of motor oil, but right now Cas could smell the sorrow, the sadness and lose that engulfed the boy. “I love you,” he whispered again kissing the spot on his neck.
Sam was over the hills happy when Dean had brought Emmy home, and in all honestly has probably made as many bottles and changed as many diapers as Dean had. He doted on his niece, and would watch her after school when Dean had to work.
Dean stayed where he was, an arm around Gracie holding her tight to him. He had his other hand on her head, praying that she stayed asleep and kept her eyes close.
Dean was walking around the school. It was hard to believe that it had been ten years since he graduated. The reunion was in the gym, but he honestly couldn’t take anymore of that. Everyone wanting to know what the king had been up to since high school, and Dean didn't have anything important to tell them.
Dean had finished his drink rather quickly and placed his head in his hands. Cas was terrified of him, completely. He couldn’t blame him, after what had happened. Cas was his best friend and he broke him. He was so wrapped in his thoughts he hadn’t noticed he was looking at a pair of old beaten brown dress shoes. “Can I help you?” Dean asked without even looking up from the shoes.
