“No, I maintain my previous assessment of you. You have been a warrior all your long life. You missed the battlefield. You found a new one with my brother. I consider myself more a thinker than a warrior, but I’ve seen my share of battles.”
“You are asking me to summon a pregnant woman with a summoning charm inside this sodding cave? Summoning charms don’t work on people!”
John laughed as he imagined the flamboyant and chatty Victor Trevor babysitting his little girl, changing nappies and such, or the flirty and bubbly Victoria Vertro teaching her tricks. Better not think about that.
“Everyone, touch the spoon. I needed, no, wanted, Percy’s blessing to set a Portkey for a Muggle Hospital. He made it himself. It’s going to activate in two minutes, so I suggest you all move. I hope Gabrielle has Mary’s room free of muggles.”
John’s relationship with his little brother seemed very different than the one he had with Mycroft. He couldn’t really believe this flamboyant young man (which probably was packing a few centuries on him, actually) was even related to John.
Alec was smiling, and everyone was happy and clearly John was a very bad person, because he wanted out as soon as possible. So he gave his goodbyes, and hugged his nephew, lifted one last eyebrow Harry’s way and took a portal out of there.
"Mind if I dance with the birthday boy for a second? That way you can gossip freely with this one. I can see you looking around, seriously Tiger, how can your eyes stray so much when you have this"- she said poking Sherlock- "right in front of you?"
“Longer than usual, yes. In fact, longer than I’ve ever seen her do it. Moran is probably fighting them off.”
“I can assure you all of this were acquired in a consensual setting, very different from the ones both you and Sherlock have.”
John’s gut twisted. Surely nothing had happened to him? Ragnor must be safe. And his sister was already using her lost name, the name warlocks around the world new, the only name she would allow them to call her. Things must really be serious. He didn’t know who he hated most right now, Valentine Morgenstern or Jim Moriarty.
“Do you want to stay? You can, for a while, but soon rounds will start. If she continues as good at this, we can move her to intermediate care after a few days, and visiting hours there would be longer.”
Sherlock was unusually quiet, intrigued by the piece of obviously alien and really advanced technology in front of him, and John could feel his desire to touch.
“Didn’t you know I was going to be there with my sister? Did you know he could see through glamours?”
She sighed, touched her robes and changed into the accommodating version of Victor, shorter, with no mismatched eyes.
"Oliver Wood, this is Victoria Vertro. She is Olivia's godmother and one of my closest friends. Victoria, this is Oliver, Olivia's godfather."
“Oh, I dug around a little to see if you had any wizarding ancestors. I was able to find that your father’s mother was the daughter of Septimus Malfoy. It seems that when he was younger, he had an affair with a Muggle teenager. Your grandmother was the result. You are a descendant of one of the oldest pure-blood families in England. She was not a witch, as you know. So magic manifested in the third generation, in you.”
John felt just a little deflated at that statement. Of course, Mycroft loved Victor Trevor, and hated John Watson, apparently.
Mycroft had a sour look, and he turned to look at him. John was quietly absorbing all this new information. He was starting to feel left out, seeing this part of Sherlock's family life. Family and friends. He thought he was Sherlock's only friend. It turns out he was his only muggle friend, and maybe that wasn't true either. He had Greg, and Mrs Hudson too.
“Well, we just got past the terrible twos. Now we’re well into the tumultuous threes. He’s throwing sparks at Chairman Meow now.”
“Nonsense Miff, I told you, that was one of your presents. I need to pick up the other one today, so I was going to Diagon Alley anyway. And I had something made for my goddaughter also. It’s her birthday too.”
Three wizards in Auror robes apparated on the spot, and they looked nervous that Harry was there. He gestured them inside the house.
Alissa spat at his face, and the man raised his wand, his spell deflected by the wandless protection spell
"She never told my father she was a witch until Mycroft was born. She hoped he would be born without magic, but she was a Pureblood from two of the oldest magic yielding families in Britain, so when Mycroft was eleven, he received the letter and mother told him what he was. Both of us produced both various amounts of tricks and little magic shenanigans when we were children, but mother only revealed what she was to my brother when he turned eleven, and an owl appeared on our kitchen window. I was four years old at the time. Mummy rarely used magic around the house before that, and after that, for all that matters."
Magic rolled out of him in blueish waves, and soon it was less green and more red, before almost healing completely. His brother came along to check his handiwork, a look of admiration in his young face.
“Yes, John. He was planning on summoning Moriarty’s soul and place it on my nephew’s body. I’m sorry, but it’s tough for me to feel anything but hatred for the man. We need to pick the pieces. If my brother survives this, he can track Moran’s body with them.”
Despite what everybody thought, despite what he felt or still feels sometimes, they had never been anything more to each other than friends, never boyfriends, in John's brain too stupid a word for men their age, or lovers. Even if he had to admit, at least to himself, sometimes a more than conscious desire that things were different for them when he wished that things were less complicated, no third parties involved, no hearts beside their own at risk. And because marriage or the intent of marriage was required to breach the International Statute of Secrecy, he never told his friend anything about his life before leaving the magical world. Even his wife, his wife now pregnant with a possible magical child, didn't know. He planned to tell Mary if and only if the child showed any sign of Magic. There was more than one reason he never asked for the license to inform a partner from the Ministry. One, he didn't trust his wife and second, he didn't want to step back into the Magical world in the first place. But fear for Sherlock's life, losing him again, had been enough motivation.
“John, uhm, sorry, but Mr. Holmes texted me in the morning. Told me the baby was born today. I wanted to meet her John; I wanted to meet her and meet your wife properly too.”
“And a muggle hospital, no doubt. It wouldn’t be easy to find a surrogate in the magical community, so tightly woven, and you two have been living as muggles all this time.”
Percy looked outraged at that comment, and Mycroft finally acknowledged the rest of the party present.
“No use. I wouldn’t recognize a grenade even if it bit me in the ass. I leave transfiguring weaponry in your capable hands.”
“So you are alone at your house I gather? Not used to being a lot by yourself for a long while now?”
“I believe I have to thank you for my life, Johnny. So good of you to realize it was blood loss and not poisoning.” He sighed. “I guess I wasn’t meant to die tonight. Go figure. My cells kept transfigurating into blood cells, trying to keep me alive against better judgement. I probably lost some bone or muscle in the deal. Nothing a modified Skele-Gro can’t sort out, apparently.”
He called his brother, and heard him complain about boundaries, and never dating another Shadowhunter again. He gave them a month before they were back together. If someone didn’t stake Camille soon enough, he would have to take matters in his own hands.
John felt positively humbled by the chance Sherlock gave him. Merely a couple of days ago, he thought this was going to be their last adventure together. Now he was faced with the opportunity of a future with Sherlock, and he was not letting it go to waste. The look on Sherlock’s face as he uttered those last words was enough for him to realise he was exactly where he wanted to be. Sherlock didn’t let go of his hand, linking his fingers in John’s as they walked down the stairs.
This said with one of his half smiles. Oh, yes, magic was involved. They made it to the hospital with no trouble and the hours went by so fast that they didn’t realise visiting hours were over long before they finally left. Parents got special dispensation if they wanted to stay the night, and John was feeling like a pretty shit parent for leaving his baby all these days and nights alone.
Something about Sherlock’s perfect French, accent and all, went straight to John’s head. Well, his other head. He was sure he just witnessed some brotherly banter, but the whole thing sounded sexy enough for him.
He asked John with the impish grin, no doubt some innuendo in his mind. John gave the man his wand, and he looked at it once, grabbed it, felt the balance of it, before asking John.
Sherlock took the vials from his brother and walked over to a wall. A green tapestry decorated by silver circles and snakes covered the whole of it. When he was in front of the artwork, he signalled for John to join him.
"Ah, no, they are still called Healer and the last name, Sherlock was referring to my muggle title."
“Well, she can be in whatever house she likes. But sure, another Puff in the family would be great.”
"And I'm sorry, especially now, with you and my godson in the line of danger. I'm sorry Griz. I'll do anything for you, and you know that. I'll fix it."
Again with the unholy pout. Sherlock's face softened a little, his arm still grabbing Victor's elbow.
Mycroft looked at his brother and Victor angrily. Alissa moved then. She finally released John and went to stand next to her husband. He raised his hand, and grabbed hers, placing it close to his heart. John felt like an outsider, with a ringside seat to a family feud. Sherlock cleared his throat once.
So that was the list then. A compulsion spell. John knew that Sherlock volunteering information to his brother was fishy at least, and a detailed list and dosages more so. At least, it was protecting his friend from his self-destructive nature. But what bothered John the most was hearing Sherlock said Alissa almost got him clean, when he felt like a failure on that front. He didn't even notice Sherlock was high when they stammered their goodbyes at the tarmac at the airport before he thought he was leaving and came back after a couple of minutes on his brother's summons. Alissa. Sherlock's ex. It had to be her.
Sherlock knew exactly what he was thinking as always, and he saw something a little like regret in his face.
Mummy shoed them out of the sitting room. They walked the stairs side by side in silence, and John could see Sherlock hesitating. He opened his mouth once like he was about to say something, before closing it again. They reached the corridor and saw Sherry closing a door, no doubt to Victor’s room. She showed them to their rooms, Mycroft had placed them in adjoining suites, and Sherlock hovered in John’s door. John was tired, but he didn’t want to let Sherlock out of sight for a while.
"Yes, she said it was love at first sight. Mycroft visited in France in summer of our sixth year, and she was smitten since. I tried to convince her then it was food poisoning or something else, like a parasitic infection. Mycroft didn't realise it for years, though, and she was beginning to despair he might never notice. It took me rattling his cage a little about him being lonely to make him take in his surroundings better. He is losing his touch, old age, and too much cake, I think."
John was having a great day. Despite not having a case, Sherlock was not in one of his horrible sulks, contented to lie around the flat in his dressing gown, spending some time in his mind palace and even accepting some tea when John pushed a cup his way. This, this were the kind of days John had missed the most, when Sherlock was away, when he was living his nightmare of a marriage with Mary. Days in which they could almost be mistaken as a normal, domestic kind of couple, even if they were nothing of the sort.
Alissa started wrangling on her chains, pain etched in her features, but not a word or a scream came out of her mouth.
“No, your mother is working hard to give you a birthday party, and we are going. That’s the end of it.”
"Anyway, we don't have time for that. We need to review the contents of those books. Brother, when can we get them?"
Mycroft huffed at that comment, annoyance mixed with embarrassment at exposing such a private thing for all of them to see. A mangled parabatai bond was enough to send some people to the grave. He shivered as he remembered the moment he felt Stephen’s life leaving his body. Their parabatai bond was strained at the moment, since they were both fighting in opposite bands, no less. But he remembered that cold feeling of emptiness, that feeling of nothing when he simply new Stephen was dead. Now his body rested with his ancestors, and some inner part of him couldn’t wait to join him.
“Magnus, as you don’t know the Head of the Institute yet, allow me to introduce my brother, Mycroft Gideon Holmes, or Verlac, as he surely calls himself in the Shadow World.”
Sherlock choked when John told him his real age. John was starting to feel regret and an emptiness that reminded him of finding Ragnor’s body. It was almost three years now, he needed to visit his old friend.
He had patched Sherlock countless times before, and he didn't remember any scars on his back. He must have acquired them when he was away, then. John had only glimpsed Sherlock's chest when he was recovering after Mary shot him. The picture in his mind of Sherlock's flawless pale skin, blemished only by the bullet hole in the front, was replaced with the unknown horrors hiding in his back. What else had Sherlock kept from him from his years away?
“Harry Watson, or Seraphina Sun. I’m happy to finally meet you properly, Sherlock Holmes. I really was surprised you could see through my glamours. They are really strong, and surely your sight is a terrible gift you bear. He is not a Downworlder like us, I assume?”
He nodded the dismissal and walked to the fireplace, took some green powder of the mantlepiece and stuck his head in it. John and Sherlock stepped out of Mycroft's office, and they found themselves in the hallway, right outside the lift.
Mycroft gave his wife the clear bottle with silver liquid, and she handed the vial to Sherlock. Victor moved to reach the tapestry, pulling out his wand, before Sherlock stopped him and looked at John instead. Somewhat relieved, John walked forward and repeated the earlier motion from memory. Victor took a step back, throwing John dirty looks from the wall nearby. The pensieve reappeared, and Sherlock once again poured the contents of the vial inside. John grabbed his hand once more and touched the glowing liquid with the tip of his wand.
"Don't be such an arse, Sherlock. Mycroft, I'm really alright. We should get any information now to prepare for what is next."
After a couple of minutes a fully dressed consulting detective was in his suit, that was more like a suit of armor than the man would really ever admit, and a retired army doctor was already in one comfortable jumper with a gun hidden in the back of his jeans.
“Not here, Sherlock. Wait until we are back home. I promise I will explain everything. I don’t care if your brother tries to kill me.”
"Victor Trevor, pleased to meet you finally. How did a muggle like yourself wound up in the office of a high ranking official of the Ministry of Magic?"
Harry, Alissa, and Victor stepped to the sides and started duelling the two other sentries, Victor focusing on one and Harry shielding Alissa while they both duelled the one in the middle. Sherlock and John focused on Madame Delglove, who kept shooting killing curses to them, while John deflected them, Sherlock tried to curse her but kept missing his target. In a silent exchange, just a glance, they switched, and John started sending while Sherlock shielded both of them, still, John couldn’t land a single blow on her. Neither could the others.
“I’ve tried everywhere, mum, even locking your TARDIS into grandfather’s log, he simply vanished. I’m out of ideas. I even bumped into Clara and Me, and even they haven’t a clue of where could he possibly be. Clara almost jumped at me, called me Professor Song and everything.”
"But you expect me to hide without you? Just to sit quietly and hide somewhere while my husband risks his life somewhere?"
Mycroft was looking at the morning Prophet, a frown on his face. John realised the man hated being away from work. His discomfort was visible, and he stiffened when he said home.
He gave John his wand, and John examined it, judging by Victor’s tale it was a priceless magical artefact.
“I don’t mind, Mummy. He wouldn’t be Sherlock Holmes if we weren’t staring at death in the face at least once in a while.”
Mummy Holmes was in the dining room, talking with Sherry over a list of guests and a menu. John remembered now, The family scheduled Sherlock’s birthday dinner party for tonight.
"Luna loved the matches, and so I went with her. I don't even remember who was on my house team. I remember the Weasley twins though; they were hilarious."
Hermione opened the door so that they could walk into a dimly lit office, the same furnishings as Mycroft's office in the British government, with a few differences. There was a tea set, serving tea on its own in a corner tea table. Mycroft was seating in a plush armchair, talking to a tall, thin man with sparse red hair. John looked at him instead of Mycroft, and the man smiled.
"This only helps me to prove the point I was making before Mac, and you know it. It's time we finally settled this."
“Miss Hooper is Gregory’s second in command. She is, in fact, a werewolf. And a rather vicious little thing, if I might add.”
Sherlock scoffed at the last comment and remained silent for the rest of the way. Soon they could see the gates of the manor house, and Victoria was out there, smoking. John’s mind started reeling, hatching a plan.
The teasing tone was there, but Sherlock still blushed, nonetheless. John walked to Victor’s wall, and leaned, still feeling dizzy. No one told him forgetting something could be such a sickening experience. Victor and Sherlock did look better than the rest of them. The wall was shielding them from whatever crept into the darkness.
Roman cleared his throat then, and John took advantage of it to get around the bed. He leaned next to Sherlock, kissing the man on the cheek as he whispered in his ear so that only he could hear,
"After the memorial, I left for Luke's, where Harry was still in hiding, and she slapped me in the face the minute she saw me. She thought I was dead, you see. Tonks told neither Oliver nor Luke I was working for the Order, in case something happened and their position became compromised. After I told her Luke was dead, she fell on the floor and cried, stopping only after four hours and grabbing a bottle of Firewhiskey from the mantle and drinking half of it in one blow. Harry almost died, this thing" he tapped the glass in front of him "is not for muggle consumption. When my sister woke up, she asked me if things were safe now, and when I said yes she asked me to leave. I guess Harry was also there when Oliver came a few days later, she never really told me, but I know they keep in touch even know. He was the one who went to Harry and Clara's wedding, the one she wanted to give her away. When she is drunk, sometimes she tells me I'm not her 'real brother' and starts calling Oliver's name. He has even apparated in her house when I visit unannounced and disapparates immediately as soon as he sees me. Three years passed before Harry spoke to me again after Luke's death, by which I had already cut all my ties with the magical world, except for one. Once a year, on her birthday, Minerva McGonagall goes to the Muggle post office to retrieve a birthday card, and I get one through muggle post every year too. After that, I decided to enrol at Uni, I was 21, not too old for starting, and the rest after that you know or already deduced."
"By we, you mean Sherlock and you then? I'm not letting you run around with your addict best friend after a skilled killer without me."
“Remember what I said about your family? Well, it works both ways I think. Alec, this is my brother, John.”
"Bullshit hon, I know you hated the whole thing. But Mummy and Daddy loved it, so it was worth the trouble."
“Johnny boy, don’t be a killjoy. I’m not formally meeting my goddaughter smelling like something died near me. And I think another blood replenishing potion might be a good idea; I’m feeling a bit peckish.”
“Billie, I’m sorry, I used my knowledge and we are at Baker Street, aren’t we? Here we have Dr. Watson and Sherlock Holmes. It was what you wanted, isn’t it?”
“Yes. I was offered the post after Ron Weasley decided to leave to run the joke store with his brother. I’d been looking for a permanent post in London, so it was a good move career-wise. I was working at MACUSA and the CIA at the time. I had to obliviate people in the muggle world to disappear, though. MACUSA was not as hard to leave.”
“Oh, dear, you mean the Lovelaces. Are you seeing them now? They usually only show themselves when the Institute is in danger. Protectors of the London Institute, both of them.”
Of course, Sherlock would notice he was listening. He probably heard the moment John stopped at the stairs. John cleared his throat, appearing before the pair. So, this is it, he thought. John wasn’t anything if not brave, so it was time to clear the air a little.
John gave the man’s hand a little squeeze, and Alissa stepped and sat on John’s other side, taking his other hand.
"Sorry, old habits. Luna was funny growing up. I helped her find some of her missing things that year when the term ended. People were often mean to her, but in her final years at Hogwarts, I heard she was thrilled of being there. She is a magizoologist now, married to some Scamander bloke, a Hufflepuff. You never tried to contact her when you came back to England?"
Soon the table was filled with all the ingredients, some of which looked very gruesome to John. After what seemed ages, Sherlock started mixing some of the elements on his cauldron, which he stirred by waving his wand and made some blue flames under it.
“Princess Adrienne, look how much you’ve grown! Well, I can barely lift you now, you are going to be taller than me soon enough.”
“Count on that. Though I’m rubbish at healing spells, in the worst case scenario, I will haul your ass straight to Saint Mungo’s.”
"We should ask Perce to link the fireplace here while the investigation is open. In fact," she produced a silvery eagle from her wand and repeated the message, "I'm going to do it right now. I don't feel like going down a toilet or telephone box for your benefit, brother."
He got into the bathroom fast, and undressed. He liked his showers scalding hot, almost painful. He adjusted the knobs and suddenly got the temperature just as he wanted it. The water pressure in this house was terrific, even better than the one on 221B, and he was always surprised that the old flat’s was as good. Oh, it was probably magic. He chuckled as he realised how much his life had changed in the past few days.
“Forget about it, it’s a movie reference. Marks could be visible, and it depends on the mother if the warlock baby survives or not. It’s difficult, most of them are killed by their mothers when they are born or soon after. Sometimes it doesn’t happen, and as soon as the warlock grows up they can do magic.”
The figure turned, and he indeed was not hallucinating, because in front of him, in wizarding robes, was no other than Sherlock Holmes. His face was one of extreme shock and fear, yes, fear that brought the memory of the Baskerville case. That calm mask quickly replaced it, the one he knew the detective reserved for hiding emotions. John himself was wearing dark blue wizarding robes, and he was steaming with anger and shock when his friend approached him.
“Anna and me were just friends, thank you very much. And I forgave you. I just didn’t tell you for a couple of years.”
John was strangely calm as he reached for his phone. His new robes didn’t help him feel the vibration, and the thing was in silent mode. 54 new texts. John read a couple of them, all along the lines of
“This is not my area of expertise. Magical duels, magical warfare, sure, but muggle weapons? Not something I have experience on. Seems a little barbaric, if I must say so.”
“Maybe with a brain like yours, you get enhanced sight or something. I haven’t done any proper research on the subject. Magnus, do you know anything about ghosts of the London Institute?”
John laughed as Sherlock glared at him, clearly not even trying to hide his jealousy at John’s statement. God, this was precious. Just this morning (
“What? The sooner we get out of this place, the sooner we get to plan Miff’s dinner party! Tomorrow sounds like a good idea, that way I might get back on set by the end of the week and Irene won’t get my tits on a platter.”
“I guess I have to thank Mycroft again for his quick thinking about Mary. A bit presumptuous on our relationship status, though.”
“I could say the same to you, you know. Still trying to live the ‘I’m a happy muggle lie’? That year we spent away was one of the worst of my life, you know.”
Victor gave John a rare look, like reassessing everything he knew about him once again. He looked positively elated at John’s positive comment and praise. He then bent over the body, and he started muttering things, as spells appeared from the tip of his wand.
"Mary. We are talking about something completely different. Not your usual gun and cloak act. There is magic in the world; the world is full of it."
Sherlock was pulling himself into a spiral of oblivion. Once, he thought he heard Mycroft say to him, as he laid barely conscious, strapped to a hospital bed, IV dripping into his arms.
She touched the tip of her wand to her clothing and the dress transfigurated into wizarding robes. Sherlock, looking bored, raised from his chair to stand next to her after she gave him a 'better do it now' look, and as she touched her wand to his coat, it transformed into the grey robes he was wearing earlier.
. They all walked to the fireplace, and each of them took the powder, and they appeared in Mycroft's office. Mycroft was seating in his desk and a beautiful woman, with long blond curly hair, an angelic face which John thought he might have seen before, and beautiful light blue eyes was seating on the corner of it, pouting.
John didn’t dignify that comment with an answer. He tapped his wand into his jacket, which morphed into the wine-coloured robes again.
“Yes, I hate to admit it, but he is the expert. I think he’s the best in Defence these days, and he is also a master dueller. But, as you could see yesterday, sometimes his spell work…”
Sherlock huffed at him, extending the pen to the rest of the group. Everybody placed at least a finger on it, and soon enough John felt the familiar pull on his navel. He opened his eyes, to find himself in the middle of the desert, outside of the city of El Paso, Texas.
Sherlock Holmes had always seen things. Things he couldn’t really explain, that just happened before his eyes. The first time it happened, he was four years old, playing near the pond that was just on the limits of the Holmes’ state. He saw a pretty insect like lady, purple, with beautiful translucent wings, just the size of his own small hand.
“John Watson, I hope you know what you agreed to do. Failure to comply could make me lose my job and grant both my brother and yourself a cosy cell in Azkaban. I hope you would think of your daughter before letting him commit any crime against himself or the wizarding world.”
“I think I can manage a grenade. I’ve never transfigured something as muggle as this. I don’t know if I can. Would you try it?”
Mycroft himself arrived a few minutes later, and he hugged Sherlock. The younger man squirmed on his brother’s arms.
Magnus Bane is the High Warlock of Brooklyn, and in this AU he is John and Harry's little brother. He is in relationship with a Shadowhunter from the New York Institute, whose name is Alec Lightwood. They adopted a warlock boy and live in domestic bliss. A gay canon couple is one of the things I adore from Cassandra Clare's books.
"You would have been a nice addition to the wedding party John. You could have balanced my side. God knows I needed a voice of reason with those two idiots running my wedding amok."
As they arrived in Baker Street, Anthea pulled her phone out and started giving instructions to some unknown minions, probably on the muggle side, John thought. Sherlock's expression looked blank, as he collapsed on his chair and placed his hands in front of him. John sat on his chair, which was now back in its regular spot, no doubt the work of Mrs Hudson.
“I need to leave, John. Today. I need to dismantle Moriarty’s network. It might take me some time to get back here.”
Oliver was trying very hard and failing to contain his laughter, while Victoria feigned mock indignation to John's words while at the same time hauling Sherlock to the dance floor. They seemed to be doing some serious talking while at the same time doing the traditional more complicated versions of the steps, throwing words at each other as easily as they moved through the dance floor. Oliver followed them with his gaze, apparently mesmerised by his former dance companion. John took this as an opportunity to talk to his friend once more.
"Did they called you Four Houses Watson those days? I believe it sounds a lot better than Three Continents Watson."
“Oh, John! The modifications you could get free of charge! I’m positively jealous now. I need to hire you now. Perhaps when he is better, you can introduce me. Do you want to check on him too?”
John felt humbled. In one day, his daughter lost her mother but gained back her family and a big, extended family. He won a big family.
John felt heartbroken just by trying to take his wand from him. Sherlock just walked to him and handed the rod back to John, not waiting for his command.
The ride to Greg’s flat was quiet, with Sherlock and Mycroft communicating silently with each other in that annoying way that only siblings could, while John pointedly ignored his own siblings and Magnus hummed some song no one had ever heard before. It had the word ‘butt’ in it a couple of times.
"This is an old alchemy text. Madame used to read me about the old alchemists, like her great-great uncle, Nicholas Flamel."
"John. Have a seat. I believe you have some questions, but my brother probably told you everything there is to know."
"This is what Moran wants. You need to hide it from him, don't tell anyone, not even Mycroft, when you do. It needs to be safe."
"Well, your question has an easy answer, Mycroft opened the entrance for me, then he disapparated back to work."
John took in the word sister and looked at Sherlock, who was wearing his 'no feelings' mask. Did Sherlock have a sister? He was starting to unnerve himself with every unknown detail about his friend.
“He takes after his dad. He is a natural at most things, but I think he favours charms, and Defense, of course. Your dad, he died fighting, correct?”
"Yes. After I finish this case, we do whatever you like. I suspect your security detail already have your stuff packed and moved into Cornwall now."
"So brother mine, now that your doctor is out of the closet, for lack of a better term, do you plan to use all the resources at hand? Or do I simply turn the whole thing over to Harry's office?"
“There are ten doors here, and only six of us. Victor and me, we are the tallest here, so we open two doors at the same time. Obviously, you must all realise that we need to open all doors exactly at once, or consequences would be dire if this trap resembles in any kind my brother’s little playground. Do not hesitate in any way, act, leave the thinking to me, we open when I say so. Since I know I’m right; the correct path will visualise in front of one of you, so please, do take a step forward when you see it. That will allow the rest to follow.”
Putting his half full cup into the sink, John turned to go to the bathroom, "I'm taking a shower." he called and closed the door behind him, stripping off his robe and boxers, before stepping into the shower.
“Well…” he began, looking at the table that was covered in a lot of half empty glasses. “Half of that.. roughly.” he said and chuckled, although he himself didn’t quite know why.
Edit: okay I kinda figured it out xD it's not super pretty on mobile but at least it the text shouldn't get mixed up anymore :D
Sentiment just wasn't something he was too eager to deal with, let alone with sexuality, yet if he had to make a guess, he'd say, he was asexual.
»Sh... Sherlock... what...« the doctor breathed in confusion, his voice trembling slightly as he felt Sherlock's hips against his own. Then there were soft cupid bow lips kissing his neck, teasing it with tongue and teeth, the pleasure emphasised by soft locks lightly tickling his jaw as those perfect plum lips moved over his skin.
They had exchanged phone numbers too, though they weren’t really texting or calling each other, it was just in case he’d get in some worse trouble with his peers and need some faculty backup ‘coincidentally’ strolling by as the man had phrased it. At some point, Mr Watson had even went as far as allowing him to call him John when they weren’t in class. And slow but steady, they had become genuine friends, which raised his friends count to two.
Sherlock jumped up from his chair the second the bell rang, grabbing his bag and slinging it over his shoulder, making a beeline to the door and leaving the room. He needed a cigarette, maybe then he'd be able to think better and figure out what had all this been about this morning. Finding an explanation why this teacher wasn't leaving his mind and why it had been so hard for him not to look at him during english class.
And he started laughing, and John was almost angry when he stopped. He gave John back his wand, before adding,
“No need to worry, he’s back in one piece. We were in a very public place, not easy to mount attacks in crowded streets. You know how it gets, with wizarding robes, hard to feel a phone vibrating. We happened to be enjoying ourselves.”
John smirked back at him, that awful mustache obscuring his beautiful face as he leaned closer to Sherlock. The taller man found himself leaning to John, feeling gravity or some unseen force pulling them closer. He was sure John was about to kiss him when the cab stopped. The cabbie told them they had reached their destination and Sherlock cursed London traffic for not been heavier that day. The moment had clearly passed, but the detective grabbed John’s wrist before exiting the cab.
"No, you are. You are a total dickhead. You are going to be 35 years old in two days. You might not live to be 36 if you continue to walk your convoluted path. So just let me have this. Just dinner, with Mummy and Daddy, Mac and Griz. Hell, even John if he wants to come. He can bring his wife too."
"Not planning for the case, you moron," his American accent more pronounced each second. "For your birthday!"
Sherlock looked at her like she said something funny, apparently not understanding what a proper goodbye meant. Mycroft walked to the fireplace, and placed his head on and going through it, emerging a few seconds later. Anthea, or whatever her real name was, in wizarding robes, appeared through the flames soon after. She touched her wand to them, and they transformed into her usual muggle business attire. Apparently, Victor's charm was trendy.
And with that, the detective took his friend's hand and placed it on his cheek, her smile could blind anyone. John, who watched from the sidelines the whole exchange, couldn't help but smile widely at the scene between his lover and his friend.
“Yes, I could use your help. And quickly. I want to delay involving the Clave as much as I can. But the boy was a visitor, staying in the Institute for a year. Jonathan Cartwright. His girlfriend is distraught. She told me she wanted to call some friends from the Academy to help, and I allowed it. They will arrive tomorrow. I’ve told her I will do my own investigation, and would get the Clave involved if I don’t find the culprit soon. She seemed to agree to wait, as long as she could be a part of the investigation with her friends.”
"And enjoying every second. Do you think I finally fulfilled your requirements in regards to this gathering."
"Too bad. She would make a good Minister I think. A little too uptight for the likes of us, but still, a good thing for the magical community."
“And since Alissa is the best of us in that area unless you have a hidden talent we don’t know about Tiger, she is the one doing it.”
So when a strange whooshing noise started ringing from the sitting room, able to even bring Sherlock out of his reverie, he was not pleasantly surprised. He was scared shitless, to say the least. Then, a blue police box appeared in the middle of their sitting room, taking almost all the space available.
"You can keep them closed, for now, memories overlapping are hard on the senses. You can open your eyes when Alissa commands the reconstruction. I can see the two men, just before they fall on their backs dead."
“Are you sure you won’t reconsider Greg? We gain more by keeping the peace and helping sustain the Accords.”
"Nah. Just a bunch of posers in Death Eater robes. They probably were the real thing, but they fled the moment their old boss's mark appeared in the sky. Oliver and me, we tried to help the muggles who were hoisted up in the sky, many of the Healers were there so I tried to help as much as I could too."
Of course, Victor noticed, John didn’t understand a word he said, but surely he saw his reaction to the French. He was sitting across him from the table, and now the doctor blushed.
"You know, some people don't cherish the experience. I guess she can now boast of having two brothers who will pick the pieces when they fall out of it."
“Now I see, she caught you both before finishing the preparations. It’s great that you have your brother’s house to stay while they finish the nursery in your flat.”
Rory sighed, as he unwillingly seemed to brace himself for explaining the whole ordeal to an annoyed consulting detective. Just as he was about to begin his tale, a whooshing sound similar to the one produced by the TARDIS started ringing in their ears. John turned to look, but the TARDIS was still parked in the same spot they had left it. But soon, just right next to it, a photographic booth like the ones you could find sometimes in parties appeared right beside it. A very good looking woman, with blond curls and blue-green eyes appeared from inside the thing.
Mycroft raised one eyebrow as John and Sherlock appeared through the threshold of the dining room hand in hand. Alissa suppressed a smile behind a napkin and Harry politely kept drinking his tea. Victor was missing in action. They sat down on the table, and Sherlock finally released his hand.
"Tum, shut up for a minute, we are busy. Only my wand would work on you, dearest sister, and you know it. Can you still?"
"Mine too. With the league, I don't have that much time for dating or meeting new people. I try not to date Quidditch players or trainers. You can see the dilemma there."
He could hear Harry and Alissa in the background, and he felt cold sweat trailing his forehead. He was starting to feel sick.
It was the first time his wife had seen him do actual magic, aside from apparating them both into the flat. She looked like she was going to be sick.
"What can I say Miff? It's been a long time since we made a proper celebration for your birthday, with you being dead and all that, and a crime syndicate that needed dismantling. You know me, I'm a sucker for a good party. I already told Mummy I would be here, and she wants to greet her birthday boy properly."
"Well, I'm not saying one more word before you, so either you observe something now or start telling your own story."
“I’m sure I can make some arrangement with the Shadowhunter so that they’ll leave me alone after this.”
"Yes, those scars on his back are hideous, if I must say so. I bet if we gave you the right books, you could get rid of them."
"He is a keeper, this one." She winked at Oliver when he blushed, but quickly composed himself; his smile directed to Victoria was brighter than a Lumos, "I used to watch you play; you are training your former team now, right?"
"Hermione, I assure you, you will receive an alert for every new development, and I'll talk to you in regards to my brother's new situation this evening."
"We are going to need a list of the things she had in her collection, and I doubt any document we manage to acquire is going to be complete. There were many delicate items I believe she had in storage. Moran might have stolen more than one item. I don't think we are going to gather more useful information from this memory. Elle is very sharp, but here her judgement is clouded by sentiment. Notice how some things in the room seem a little blurry? I think her memory might be putting things in this room that were no longer there when she arrived. We can leave now, I've seen enough."
"This is the first time I see the Auror department at work. It is so different than I imagined. Forensics don't really work on magical crimes I gather?"
He said that without thinking, believing it. He would have remembered Sherlock's face among a sea of faces, even if he only saw him passing by. Even after all these years, all the heartbreak and denial, he had to admit at least to himself his infatuation for the man sitting beside him. He couldn't imagine being so close to Sherlock and not noticing him. Sherlock smiled, a knowing smile that made John blush after his statement, thinking he could see right through him.
"Ta, Sherlock. My house did produce a fair share of war heroes in this century. I was in the same class as one of your Weasley cousins."
The warehouse was empty. She wasn't expecting this at all. Her vision showed her intended target looking over paperwork; the location was easy to pinpoint once she collected all her data. Years of training, both with MACUSA and the CIA not wasted on her, she knew he must be here. But where was he hiding?
I'm so sorry for the long time it took me to update this one, but I tell you the next one will be up tomorrow if you want to continue this one to the end. Just a couple more chapters and I finish with this madness. I solemly swear that I'll never post a WIP again in my life. Once again, no betas, no brit picking, English not my first language but I'm sincerely having a lot of fun. This chapter is short, but the next one is longer. Once again, so sorry.
I know I promised an update midweek but real life got hectic, you can visit my Tumblr if you want to know what I mean. Just FYI I'm a terrible person, sorry, but I did post this short (again, short, I'm sorry, this one was already written this way) chapter.
“You know Greg? He is a good man. Or dog. And an excellent ally. Why he was shacking up with James, nobody knows. He became the alfa after he passed in the struggle against Sebastian.”
“If somebody new that spell existed, it would probably be an Unforgivable Curse. My brother is also a master inventing new charms. Both him and Alissa. Promise you’ll never repeat any of this. I would hate if his overinflated head becomes even bigger than his fat arse.”
Another enigmatic smile and a swish of robes, and his partner left the bedroom dramatically. Time to join the party then.
We properly meet the infamous Victor Trevor, Metamorphmagus extraordinaire and Sherlock's school sweetheart. John is not amused.
A pale fox hound emerged from his wand, turning around him as if it was greeting him. John paled because this was the first time he saw his Patronus in this particular shape. Sherlock sent alternating looks at the silvery figure, then at John, clearly something on his mind.
"Alissa, she is like a buffer between us. Well, she is a buffer between my meddlesome brother and me nowadays too."
Sherlock didn't seem to John like a man for public displays of affection, but a possessive hand on his back was like a firework display with the crowd currently in attendance. John saw Victoria talking with Roman, the man was undoubtedly charmed but probably had no idea he was gaping at his idol on her female persona. A tall witch with long dark curly hair, blue eyes and a pasty complexion entered the room, a witch that he would recognise anywhere, mainly when she was arm in arm with his sister. Harry saw him and started pulling Clara towards John and Sherlock.
“William, apologise for that this instant. That man has risked his life for you countless of times.”
“Be my guest, then. But you’ll probably have to include them tomorrow, at least the visitors. So you have tonight to work the case on your own with your lovely company.”
The world's only consulting detective, probably also in the wizarding world, sat quietly across him. His face, all cheekbones and pallor, had a frown on it. He looked back at John, opened his mouth just to close it a second after. Then he moved to a chair next to John, turned it to face him and placed his hands folded on his lap.
Oh, God, he hadn’t told Sherlock. That he was immortal. That was it. That was the breaking point between warlocks and mundanes, and if the detective hadn’t run from him before, he will now.
Update: April 14th 2018, this is my project for WIP month and I've discovered lots of mistakes in the re-read, so the whole thing is going to get minor edits which hopefully will make it easier to read. This was my first ever fanfic, so I'm kind of attached to this one XD.
“Yes, I thought it was strange that the head healer was crossing this hall at four in the morning. I presume you mean Mycroft Holmes? That’s Sherlock’s brother.”
John could barely keep his mouth open. He looked back at Ianto, who was grinning, Sherlock just seemed pleasantly amused at John’s reaction and Bill was wondering when John was going to ask the particular question that was all over his face at the moment.
"As you wish John. I'll just put you up to date, no doubt Sherlock told you who Moran is. His intentions are clear also: he plans to trash both the muggle and magical worlds to get to Sherlock. His goal is to finish him and anybody else who obstructed Moriarty's network. That includes both Victor Trevor, my wife and me. His secondary targets include you, your wife, Mrs Hudson, Molly Hooper and Gregory Lestrade. I was planning to remove all of you to safe houses around the country this week. However, your wife refused when I talked to her earlier. I know she is a trained sniper, and a good shot too. But this is not a Muggle foe that she can easily conquer."
Hearing his brother use his given name, he knew before entering that Ragnor was dead. He went in anyway. He found the warlock he once loved dead on the floor, a darkened wound on his chest. Still as he remembered, forever unchanged, pale green skin, white hair, horns in his forehead, visible warlock marks that made impossible for him to wander undetected without the use of heavy glamours. His eyes, those eyes filled with wisdom and knowledge, now closed forever. He grabbed his unmoving body and wept.
Victor looked at the handles, and pointed his wand, checking for transfiguration or any other possible traps. Sherlock glared at him, and the man just shrugged.
. Love is complex. You could love me as a brother; you could love me as your best friend, you could even have romantic feelings for me and not be sexually attracted to my body. It is a valid question. You enjoy sex, a lot if I remember correctly. In the years we lived together, you never once attempted to be physically intimate with me. When someone implied we were a couple, you always adamantly declared that you were not gay. So, since I’ve proved now that you are attracted to some men at least…”
Mary's eyes widened, she clearly recognised the name. But she still stubbornly stared back at John, she didn't seem capable of relenting in this specific point.
"Enough with all the endearment and the touching, we should get back to work. Mycroft is waiting for us with Elle's memory at his office again."
"Department of Magical Law Enforcement, some obscure office, like Misuse of Muggle Artifacts. Pretend to file a complaint or something."
Mummy signalled John and Victoria, and both of them were soon standing on either side of Sherlock. Victoria was petite, and her place behind the chair was next to Mycroft, so she touched her dress, and transformed back into Victor, who kept his muggle clothing, though. He then wrapped his arms around Sherlock and started looking over his shoulder. Soon an elaborate drawing began to appear in front of their eyes. A dark starry night, a warehouse, and the back of a mysterious man John recognised as Sebastian Moran. The detail of the drawing was terrific; it was like looking at a black and white picture. After a couple of minutes, Alissa finished the portrait. Her eyes came back to normal, and both Sherlock and Mycroft grabbed her before she collapsed. Mycroft gave her a glass of water, and she drank the whole thing fast. Sherlock paced, and kneeled beside her.
Alissa started fidgeting with stuff on her desk before settling on her chair and staring at the wall.
More characters to be added, but each of them would get their own part in a note if they belong to Cassandra's World. I guess if you are reading this, you probably belong to the Sherlock fandom :D, so I'm not explaining them.
“It was my bloody fault anyway. Who knew I will come out of my first regeneration looking like this? Hello, my manners are terrible. I’m Jack Harkness Jr., but you can call me Jackie. We haven’t been introduced before, as I was not around for the last adventure you shared with my brother and grandfather. Too busy trying to get ahead of my grandfather’s nemesis, who has a personal vendetta against me now.”
“Yes, to protect me, keeping me away from serving the tyrannical Clave. Allowing me to keep my life, to love whoever I wanted, without the scrutiny of Shadowhunters in my life. When did they got to you?”
“Sherlock! Long time no see! Good to see you haven’t acquired manners since the last time we saw you.”
When he woke up, Sherlock’s hand was still on his shoulder. Sherlock had showered and dressed, his curls wet, sticking a little to his forehead. He wondered how much he had slept. As always, the detective spoke before he needed to phrase his thoughts, completing them.
“Oh, he wants you, trust me. He wants the whole nine yards with you, baby, retirement in the country, the deal.”
They started backing up from Moran’s curses, shielding themselves and Mycroft, as the other man walked calmly to the centre.
"It was the piece of dark magic Voldemort used to prolong his lifespan. It involves concealing a piece of your soul inside an inanimate object. He modified it; he even used it on a living thing, his snake at the time. It's dark and obscure magic, and good wizards like yourself know nothing about them. Dumbledore was fiercely against letting any knowledge of them near the shelves of the library at Hogwarts, even at the restricted section."
Mycroft grabbed his mobile from the table, and placed a call, as he dressed himself back, rearranging his sleeves, jacket and gloves. His eyes roamed over some books on his table as he patiently waited for the other man to answer the phone. He winced at the yelling on his ear, yelling that John could perceive even though he wasn’t near the man.
John pulled the thin wooden stick out of his robes and without a second thought placed it his friend's stretched palm.
“If you don’t tell me, I can wait. I always have a backup plan. You and your baby can be instrumental if I can’t find the book.”
"If it comes to that I'll make sure your license gets expedited. These are special circumstances, and I'm sure I can talk to Hermione about it. You won't go with her into hiding I suppose?"
Victor blew a raspberry Sherlock’s way, and the detective seemed to want to murder him on the spot. John sighed.
"Sherlock, did you mix illegal muggle drugs as part of your potion ingredients? Are you telling me you became a bloody wizarding meth cooker????"
The kind that wants to kiss you right now, thought John. But he guessed he had to give Sherlock all the information he could.
“To think I didn’t contact you because I didn’t want you to be at risk. And you were fighting your own fights, and risking your life all the same.”
“And it is as valuable as yours, the idiot probably didn’t realise what he was holding, because no wand was ever as good in dark arts as a Beauvais wand. Alissa is a descendant.”
“I won’t ask how you know, but yes, she texted this morning. She is doing a piece on the South African Quidditch team for the Prophet. Albus and Lily are staying at The Burrow.”
Sorry, late update again! Thanks to everyone who is still reading and just to tell you guys the outline for the last chapters is already done, so three chapters more to go! (I won't update the count until they are done, though).
for years. When she passed, they moved in with me. I used to have non-magical staff before, but nothing can beat house elves. Sherry, this is John Watson, you have seen him before, but he hasn’t met you properly. This is Sherry, my housekeeper.”
"Yes, I think we must pay a visit to my meddling sibling at work today. The magical one, of course."
“I know now what you are. I just saw the surveillance video, John. Keep my brother away from the Shadow World. I’ve sheltered him from it his whole life. I know now I have to thank you for his life, but I really regret he… Well, it doesn’t matter now. You are leaving? For Idris?”
“I know, but with Shadowhunters, sometimes you really don’t get a choice. Mmmm, I wonder if that’s the reason your brother kept the Shadow World from you. Maybe he serves a Shadowhunter family himself.”
“Pretty please. If you don’t like the robes, just don’t touch the jacket with your wand. They could be useful, though. If you prefer, I could do the same with your robes instead.”
“We need to talk Sherlock, but I’m hammered. I know you don’t usually sleep in the mornings, or at almost any time for that matter, but would you stay here with me? I’ll probably just take a nap.”
They reached Mycroft’s room, and after being assured by everyone that he was doing the right thing, Roman Hudson signed the discharge papers and left them alone. Mycroft was still drinking his potion, looking a little subdued, before speaking.
John was surprised that he registered the call, the pull was too much, a little like when he wanted to protect Sherlock, it spoke to his protective instinct.
She managed to look surprised; then Hermione seemed like she was reviewing everything she knew about him, and decided to start walking instead. Sherlock and John followed, Sherlock with his mask on, but his eyes were like laser beams on John.
Tessa Carstairs/Grey/Herondale is a warlock, born of a Shadowhunter (not marked) and a demon. She is the only known warlock to have offspring. Her current partner is the former silent brother Jem Carstairs.
Sherlock glanced at him, like daring him to say something about the strange occurrence. Soon enough, the doors of the box opened and a lovely black woman, with clothes that looked from the eighties, and a young man that could be not more than 20, with a long overcoat and dark trousers with suspenders started peaking outside the box. John wished he had his gun downstairs, not stashed hidden somewhere in his room.
He almost collapsed, before he felt warm arms, one around his back and another on his waist, stabilizing him.
“Bit mean, springing it on you like that, I know. Could have given you a heart attack, probably still will. But in my defense, it was very funny.”
John thought about checking on Victor first, but he didn’t feel like explaining himself to Roman. Visiting his brother-in-law, then. They reached the third floor and walked into the
“John. Mary left on her own accord. She had someone pick her up on a hydraulic lift, and she escaped in an unmarked white van. Elle, you protected the room from people outside, but Mary wasn’t a prisoner here. She could escape if she wanted to. If you check the bathroom, you’ll see her gown in the hamper, and she wore some coveralls like she was trying to pass as a painter.
"Yes, yes, he is not a squib, even if I tell him so twice a day. He works for both the British Muggle government and the Ministry of Magic. He started as a junior unspeakable and worked his way up the Department of Mysteries at a very young age. He was 23 when Voldemort took over the Ministry, and both sides decorated him, muggle and magical, after taking Kingsley Shacklebolt's post guarding the Muggle prime minister and the Queen during Voldemort's uprise. I believe he has an Order of Merlin, second class and a Distinguished Service Order for that. Why do you think he always carries that blasted umbrella of his? The handle is his wand."
John couldn’t believe he was sharing this with Sherlock Holmes. This meant something, and it was a massive step for a fledgeling relationship like theirs. They were out of the hospital and into the car in no time, and soon they were outside the visitor entrance to the Ministry. The phone box was still very cramped, but it felt some much better now that Sherlock wrapped against him in an embrace, his head peering over his shoulder as he dialled the numbers.
Everyone was looking as weary as John felt, everyone except Victor, that is. The man looked like he was rebooted instead of obliviated.
is coming to dinner, whenever we have it. Also, I’ll be working three cases for them, whenever they request them.”
“Wandlore is a complicated brand of magic John. I’m not much of a connoisseur. But I know one thing, people who favor elder wands feel attraction and affinity to those chosen by rowan wands.”
Also English is not my first language, but I couldn't write Sherlock and John in the Harry Potter Universe in Spanish, so sorry for any mistakes. Not brit picked, not betaed, just me having fun.
“Yes, they can! And, well, we need you both. We can’t think of a way to find the Doctor. He didn’t even take the TARDIS with him. I wasn’t lying when I told you we were desperate.”
John started to get angry, and really, he has all the right to be angry. Two years, and not even an email to let him know he was still alive. Sherlock seems to finally catch up.
“Yes, he didn’t know I was immune to damage. I’ve played around with those little plants so many times that the venom makes me a little dizzy now, and mind, also horny, instead of finishing me on the spot.”
"What are the odds, two former wizards, one traumatised, one banished, finding one another in London?"
“Don’t worry. I don’t care about your precious team secrets. I just love to fly. Too bad I’m only good for one thing.”
, boring book, so it was the threat of Moriarty coming back that made you come back, even after I assured you he is dead."
"And I'm sure you will. Come on, love, try to enjoy yourself a bit. This might be our last late night party for a very long time, while Libby is still a baby."
Behind one of the boxes, he came out with Alissa’s wand in his hand. Victor gave a soft cry, almost a whimper when he saw it.
Alissa grabbed her husband and disapparated without another word. John hoped they both would be ok; Alissa was probably sporting some nasty injuries herself. Victor was still lying on the floor. And the body pieces were still there, looking strangely alive as before.
"Let me guess, she still giving you the stink eye? Merlin's beard, I wish she grew up. And Harry too, for all that counts."
Greg Lestrade appeared, still wearing his shirt and tie, without a jacket, but clearly just home from work. He had a harder look than John remembered on him, and he was not surprised at seeing the rest of the group that joined Mycroft and Harry, unlike Molly had been. Clearly he had a little more information and background than his second.
A sea of wizarding robes greeted them, and true to form, Sherlock's face morphed into his usual bored and condescending expression. John could see some people he knew, a beautiful older black woman with short natural hair who could only be Alissa's mother was talking animatedly with Kingsley Shackebolt. Percy and his wife Audrey sipped wine in a corner with Ron and Hermione Granger-Weasley, a woman who looked like an older version of Gabrielle, probably her older sister Fleur and a tall red-headed guy with scars on her face, her husband, Bill. John remembered him a little from school since he was the Head Boy the year John started in Hogwarts, he liked Charlie better, who was his Quidditch captain when he played. He thought about getting closer to greet them when he felt Sherlock point as his brother.
“Well, we can’t have you wearing something like that god awful jumper you were sporting yesterday. The robes suit you. They are almost your house colors, but I thought wine would be a little soberer, you know, a little darker than scarlet.”
“So be it. Sherlock will be thrilled, I think. It’s nice, and the baby has the name of both her godparents.”
"Terrific, John. Never meth though, cocaine was part of some of the mixtures. Naturally, the Ministry of Magic caught on with my work finally, and I barely avoided an Azkaban sentence. The wizarding community was just starting to pick the pieces after the downfall of Voldemort's regime, and I think that, and my meddling brother being a war hero and all, was the only explanation of how I managed to stay free. They released me into his guardianship, and he kept my wand instead of snapping it in half. He made me go through muggle rehab. He even threatened to lock me up in one of St. Mungo's closed wards. By then I was already on a downward spiral, but I kept with my coursework and finished my muggle degree. Alissa came to live with me in London at that time; she almost got me clean. But I resented her ability to continue walking in both worlds. I continued bouncing in and out of rehab, getting clean for a while and then relapsing. You see, the only way I can get back my wand is by being completely clean. Mycroft made a complex spell up, a charm that tells makes me tell him what and when I use, even if I don't want to reveal it."
He started pacing, deciding, calling his sister multiple times. He waited two days, and he was about to portal himself to New York when he received the next one.
"Ollie. Glad you could make it. I imagined Mycroft invited you the minute I saw Clara and Harry arrive."
Some violence and blood in this chapter, sorry for the late update for anyone who has kept reading this.
She looked at Mycroft with puppy dog eyes, and the man himself looked back at Greg, asking for permission without voicing his thoughts.
“Oh John, she is just like you! When you were little, whenever I told you a story, the lights would start acting wonky.”
"Anyway, I started on the second term at Beauxbatons, and from that day until my sixth year I kept to myself. For those first six years at the Academy, I never made a single friend."
“Clearly your partner doesn’t mind staying home alone with the baby today. He is the motherly type, if I remember correctly. How is my beloved nephew?”
“Shit! Ianto! It’s 2017! They are probably not even married yet! They clearly don’t know who I am, and they didn’t know you, just your parents! Shit, shit, shit! How are we supposed to find the Doctor without them? Your mum is going to kill us!”
“John. Mary is gone. I’m so sorry you are going through this; it is all my fault. I was supposed to be watching her!”
He watched his daughter sleep peacefully, a feeding tube into her mouth and clear halo sending oxygen, helping her immature lungs breathe.
Sherlock started the familiar motion, and John felt his magic creeping into him. He was lending him all his magic, and as John conjured his Patronus, he could see the fox joining the hound, backing away the flames. At least it bought them a little more time.
"I think you are getting the wrong picture. Alissa only wanted to spare your life. You see, Alissa is a gifted Seer. Sometimes she gets visions, sometimes she gets prophecies, like the ancient Greek oracles. She had one vision of me mourning you, and a prophecy that I could only come back when my blood called back to me. Both her and Victor helped me track and eliminate Moriarty's network, and we separated pursuing three different leads, Alissa in Russia and the US, Victor in Spain and I headed out for Poland and Serbia after. I was in Serbia under torture when my dear brother came to fetch me, my blood calling back to me indeed."
"Anyway, they were only there for a year and even though we kept in touch, my seventh year at Beauxbatons was the most miserable of all, because before I did not know what I was missing. I was already well in the way of becoming a Potions Master at the time, and well, I experimented a bit with mood enhancing potions."
He had a blood debt to pay. In the end, John couldn’t really give the boy his memory back, but he eased his way back into the Shadow World. That boy will become a Shadowhunter soon. And the Cold Peace, God, he hated the new agreements. The fairies will become a nuisance now. He wondered if he needed to contact the new leaders of the London Institute, Idris’s embassy in London. He hoped it wouldn’t come to that.
“I just kept reminding him that I was an American officer, for crying out loud. Seriously, how could our dear Major Sholto even walk with that stick up his ass!”
“I’m aware of the risks, John told me how they treat mundanes with the sight. I’m sure I can handle it. In fact, I’m sure the Shadowhunters are already bothering me day to day.”
"About this, yes. With Moran, this is an exceptional case Mary, nothing like we've worked before. It involves layers of information that I'm not at liberty to share, not without a license, if I even talk about it without it I'll wind up in a jail where you'll never be able to reach me."
"Typical John, so unexpected, instead of asking me why I'm not currently in possession of my wand or even asking if it still exists and wasn't snapped in half by Ministry officials, you choose to ask me how I tapped the bricks in the back of the pub?"
Mycroft looked amused and his wife positively furious. Sherlock grabbed Victor by the arm and made him stand in front of John, who was still wearing the muggle clothing he met Mary with. He looked at John, whose face was sour with ill-concealed displeasure, dismissed the look, and said to Victor instead of him,
“Seriously? In there? It might fit both of you, quite snugly, but I don’t want to be plastered to strangers for a ride to nowhere, ta very much.”
John looked surprised at the comment. Harry didn't like Mary, but she was elated when he phoned her about the baby. He guessed she probably went to every Puddlemere game since Oliver was their coach after retiring as their all-star keeper.
Lestrade cups the back of Sherlock’s neck and brings their foreheads together. Mycroft hears, “I missed you, you bastard,” and he has to swallow hard.
John gestured to him, murmuring, “Dispassionate brother,” before pointing at himself and spitting out, “Doting husband. Did you really expect me to stay with the woman who tried to murder my best friend?”
Sherlock nods again and Greg cups the back of his neck, bringing their foreheads together. “I missed you, you bastard.”
He stands with a wince (didn’t try hard enough at this morning’s PT) and limps to the curtain, pulling it back fractionally and feeling a swoop in his stomach at the nondescript, yet familiar black sedan.
He busies himself with his tablet, reading the latest update from Lady Smallwood and waiting until the city disappears in the rearview mirror before turning his attention once more to the girl beside him.
he had replied, naively. Pretentiously. Omnisciently. And he hadn’t been wrong. He just didn’t feel like playing anymore.
he didn’t know until that very moment. Why he never bothered to find out, when the man across from him had hunted down his bloody birth certificate. Sherlock had wanted to know everything there was to know about John. And John - well. John had just wanted to bask in a presence he ultimately took for granted.
When she finally lights it up, the mobile reads 01:03, but she remains where she is with only her own uneven breathing for company until the digital numbers creep by to 02:04. It’s been quiet for a while now. Well over the designated hour.
Greg pushes off the door frame and steps closer, still too far away to see whatever message lit up the screen. “Whose is that?”
“He’s been taken.” It’s blunt. Direct. But it does the job. She inhales sharply and Mycroft almost feels the echo of it behind his ribs.
“They took him. He’s hurt,” she cries. “Sherlock said he’d bring him back.” Her breath hitches again, catching as her red face nearly turns purple. “I want Sherlock!”
He wakes some indeterminate time later, tied to a chair with a raging headache pounding away at his skull. His shirt is tacky with semi-dried blood on the right side of his body, but he can’t check the state of the wound given his current circumstances.
She hasn’t said a whole lot, murmuring only that his coffee smelled like the kind her father made, before continuing to look out the window. She’s small for her age, but that’s to be expected given her parentage.
the Inspector for his choice of words, but Sherlock’s been chipping away at his fortifications all day so, though he’s loath to admit it (and he’ll
The thought of being carried by Sherlock again is nice, but she’s six. Just because her world is falling apart doesn’t mean she can’t handle a set of stairs. She lets go of Nana, but takes hold of her proffered hand instead.
His eyes had cut to Mycroft, waiting for him to orchestrate some last minute deus ex machina, but it never came. Mycroft watched the plane nearly as long as John did, before turning and making his way back to his car.
“Now?” he harshly whispers and Mycroft turns in his seat enough to make sure Rosamund is in fact asleep. He hums noncommittally and returns his gaze to the road ahead.
Greg nods at Sherlock. “Ask him.” He watches Sherlock carefully set Rosie back on the ground and murmur something only they can hear. “What happened?”
But Sherlock paces the room, hands steepled beneath his nose as he mutters against his fingers. “He wouldn’t have burned it. At least not without looking at it first.”
“Oh my brave girl,” he whispers, wiping her tears with his thumbs. “Whatever happens, whatever you hear, don’t come out, okay? That’s very important. Even if it sounds -” he stops and licks his lips, forehead creasing. He looks upset. “Even if it sounds like bad things are happening, stay put. Please, for me.”
He finally allows himself to look around the room where John spent his days (his happiest days, Sherlock would like to believe). He didn’t have much when he moved in, yet he still seemed to manage to take up so much space. In Sherlock’s flat, his mind, and yes, his heart. And when he left, he took what little possessions he had with him, and Sherlock was left with just the ghosts of memories of the time they shared together.
He watches his cottage disappear into the distance, his sanctuary, and he feels a flutter of fear for the first time in years. And so he does what he always does when he feels cornered. Out of place. Frightened.
Mycroft nods and quickly types a note to Lady Smallwood. They’re still waiting for the ballistics report, but it’s helpful to know how many bullets they’re looking for.
Mary started spending more and more time with her friends and John was past caring. Sure, he put up a brave face when she was around - they made trips to the park and the zoo like any happy, nuclear family - but he could only be grateful that Rosie was too young to pick up on tension.
“Mrs. Hudson,” he murmurs, supporting Rosamund’s weight with his right arm so he can hold out his left for her to take.
He thumbs out a response as he goes to sit in the wooden chair by the desk. It seems inappropriate to occupy either of the other two.
He’s hurtling towards the inevitable conclusion he doesn’t want to face. He doesn’t want to see the tarmac or watch a goodbye that he’s spent
She is six-years-old when her world falls apart, though if you asked her, she’d probably tell you she’s nearly seven. Her birthday is in February and it’s October so it’s close enough to round up. Her father always told her she was wise beyond her years, which was all the permission she needed to be a little bit flexible with the details.
Greg remembers what caused them to get into the scotch that night just after John was back from his honeymoon, before Sherlock even turned up in a doss house. He recalls John’s slightly slurred but definitely wet voice, and the way his breath hitched as the admission tumbled forth from his mouth:
“Sherlock?” Lestrade asks, carefully making his way over to him, like he’s a spooked animal. “All right?”
“We’re wasting time,” he nearly growls as he bangs the kettle around the sink, but Mycroft very nearly ignores him.
But before he can offer his apologies, she’s speaking again, voice tight with anger and anguish. “Did she do this?”
Mrs. Hudson nods and cups his cheek. He sees determination in her eyes, yes, but also faith. It’s been so long since someone’s had faith in him. He misses seeing it in John’s eyes every day. He watches Mrs. Hudson go back downstairs, and Mycroft at least has the forethought to wait until she’s reached the bottom before he opens his insufferable mouth.
"Victor and me, well, it's a complicated venture. We are sometimes on, and most of the time off, we can't seem to make it work for the long haul. He is a loyal friend, and even though he is a prick most of the time, he is a very talented wizard, and when Victor sets his mind on something, he usually gets it done. I enjoy working with him from time to time, but we don't do well when confined together for an extended period."
. Yes, we are bringing the baby to my brother’s house until our home is ready for her. She came a little earlier, and we still haven’t baby-proofed the flat. They already have their nursery, had it before they even knew my sister was pregnant. And my mother would surely want to stay at the family home for a longer visit if the baby is out of the hospital.”
"Yes, and Beauxbatons alumni. She got decorated by the French Ministry too. Her sister Gabrielle was younger than me, she was in her first year when I was on my fifth, but after school, she became one of Alissa's close friends. She works for the French Ministry of Magic, and has done undercover work in collaboration with MACUSA more than once."
Sherlock handed the baby back to John with a sort of reverence that touched the doctor, moved him to the core. John held her a little longer before a nurse came around with a bottle. John grabbed it from her, and the baby drank her milk greedily. They watched her eat in silence, and Sherlock placed his arm around John’s waist. After the baby finished, John relocated her back to the incubator, and the lights flickered again.
Alissa reappeared through the fireplace, holding a pile of books in her hands. John moved to relieve the pregnant lady from her burden, and she smiled at him as he took half of the collection. They spread the contents over Mycroft's desk. Sherlock took one look at them and grabbed an old, battered-looking volume with no title. It didn't look valuable at all.
John went ahead and held his baby for the first time. Her eyes were open, with that grey that all newborns had most of the times, and she moved her little hands and feet.
“Well, they are not married now, but they live together and probably will have married each other anyway. I just hope we haven’t done any damage that can rip the fabric of time. I’m going to be in so much trouble.”
She opened the side of the incubator, and John placed his fingers over his baby’s chest. He could feel her heartbeat, fast and steady.
“Three cases and promised social interaction, Liss. And I had to give it a try at giving those fools their full memories back. Succeeded, obviously.”
He turned to Sherlock, who was examining the people as they knocked on the wall, he moved so close to them that he was almost in contact with the glass. Three remained, and the rest of them went back into the tunnel.
They were back at Mycroft's office, the couple silently watching them and Victor was still leaning against the wall, fuming. John was holding Sherlock's hand when they emerged from the memory, and Victor eyed their joined hands, shooting daggers in their direction.
They walked from the corner and saw Harry and Gabrielle without a scratch. The other two aurors, the ones that were backup, were staring at the trio with wide eyes as they approached.
Barely twenty minutes had passed when someone knocked at the door to Sherlock’s room, making him groan. He had tentatively started to hope that he’d get through this without a talk after all, but the second knock sealed the deal.
“It was nice to meet you, Mrs.. I mean, Violet.” Janine said and chuckled as they went up the stairs.
John opened his eyes, only to find no one next to him. He was alone in his room – and dressed, well admittedly all he was wearing were boxers, but... had he taken on his pyjama before he went to bed? He couldn't remember. That was when it hit him like a brick. It was just a dream.
“Well, I should hope so.” His mother said and laughed again, “And the other students? Apart from Janine, I mean.”
– dressed, with his school bag right next to his chair, chewing away on his mandatory bowl of cereals when she walked into the kitchen that morning.
“You were really quick to assume Janine and I were making out for someone who thought I was gay.” Sherlock with a raised brow, picking up one of the cookies and nibbling at it.
After a few moments, John let the massage fade out and turned Sherlock around so the detective was backing him. He felt the strong urge to feel him closer, to be inside of him, so John got on his knees, pulling Sherlock up with him and hesitating a moment. He as a doctor had had to care about men who did precisely this the wrong way.
Okay so personally, I'm not the biggest fan of this chapter, but whatever I tried, the awkwardness just wouldn't go away soo.. yeah :D Maybe it's just naturally there talking to a teacher when you're a student :D
to my classes.« Mr Watson continued, leaving a short pause, seemingly to make his speech just a tiny bit more dramatic.
Once arrived at the school, Sherlock realised that his mother might have had a point. There was literally no one around as he entered the building, which was already unlocked though so he took that as a go ahead as he walked in.
“Yeah.. that is totally what happened.” Sherlock deadpanned and Janine nudged his side with her elbow, though she had go giggle a bit.
Tonight, John would start the next attempt. Another date. Another desperate – faded to fail – try to forget about his stupid feelings for him. What was her name again? Oh, right Sarah. Sarah, Sarah, Sarah... Would be better if he'd remember her name, right?
There was that smile again. That was it, wasn’t it? He hadn’t seen a full on, relaxed smile from him all day yesterday. There had been hints of them, but this was.. new. And the way he smiled did ..
When he walked out of the pub, John had just put Janine – who looked half asleep already – into the cab, holding the door open for Sherlock.
One of John's hand wandered into the man's hair, tugging lightly, the other grabbing the sheets, clinging on them as if his life depended on it. When he heard – and (oh sweet Jesus...) felt – Sherlock moan against his skin, his mind went blank. It was practically the sweetest sound John's ears ever had the pleasure of hearing.
Giving Sherlock a dirty look – Anderson seemed really giddy to humiliate Sherlock just that bit more – he stood up. “Well, Mr Watson, turns out our little Mr Rebel is a fag.”
“No, we shouldn’t.” he said quickly, “Wouldn’t that be weird? Like casually hanging out with our teacher?” not that he wasn’t already doing that most days anyway. “Pretty sure he isn’t interested in hanging out with his students in his free time anyway.” Doubtful, again. Although Sherlock liked to think that this was in fact true, but he was the exception to the rule.
“Totally. I told you, we’re going to outshine everyone. And if anyone makes a stupid comment, we’ll just tell them we’ve been somewhere else earlier.” She said and grinned. “Come on now, let’s go in.”
When John returned from the kitchen with two cups of coffee, Sherlock expected – something. Anything. A change in the man's behaviour or seeing as sentimental as John was, at least that he sat down next to him – a touch. A kiss. But nothing. John set Sherlock's cup on the little table in front of him and simply walked back into the kitchen. Not even a word? Sherlock frowned, the wheels in his head turning. Did John regret it? Was he ashamed? What was wrong?
After a few moments of thrusting and withdrawing with one finger, John added a second, repeating his actions from before – adjusting and thrusting – before he gently scissored his fingers, feeling Sherlock loosen up perceptibly. Just to make sure, he was opened up enough, John added another finger after a moment, figuring Sherlock was ready when three fingers slipped in and out almost without resistance, still he went on, slowly sliding in and out with his fingers.
He wasn't about to start explaining about Hogwarts and house rivalries. Mary had a look of resolve on her face.
“Yes, so sad. And when Mummy was five, they started visiting the house. Asking her to go away with them.”
“Four of us, Harry and Gabrielle make six. Prewett and Creevey are still out of commission; I don’t want more people involved in this case than necessary. What do you think,
Sherlock scoffed, but John could see a smile on his face, a smile that returned the unhealthy thoughts about Victor Trevor to John's mind very readily. He cleared his throat before adding,
Sherlock pulled his wand and conjured a small spider to his hand. Victor paled, turned around and retched.
“But Greg, you can’t seriously mean you want him to come back here. Do you even like him? Do you even know him?”
Victor said before being sick on the floor. Sherlock vanished the critter, an amused smirk on his face.
“Well, so it seems I’m free to leave now. Please go and collect Victor, we can travel through the fireplace in the lobby straight into the house. I want to be out of here before the morning shift starts and more people get to see us.”
“Yes, and hers and my father’s timeline goes backwards. The first time he met her, she died for him. It’s quite idiotic if you think about it. But it worked for them.”
"Yes, I can look out for my modesty myself John, I must have you know that I'm not some damsel in distress. Anyway, Victor thought he finished him, and he was sure the body had no metamorphic magic on it. But Sebastian Moran is a very dangerous dark wizard, and I'm sure he is alive. We dismantled the muggle side of the network, I made sure of that, but with Moran alive, no one is safe."
Victor yelled as he continued blocking the curses, but started walking towards his opponent, who tried to curse him but couldn’t stop him from coming forward. Sherlock and Alissa began to do the same, John and Harry shielding them. As soon as they got close, Sherlock kicked Madame Delglove on the knees, grabbed her arm and took the bracelet, as she struggled not to lose her wand and tried to fight him off. As soon as he got it, he used the same silver ropes, the spell finally touching her. Soon, all three opponents were bound and on the floor.
“Being self-deprecating doesn’t suit you at all. Do try not to be obtuse, at least not today. I have to deal with all of Mycroft’s ghastly acquaintances, don’t make me bolt before we are even downstairs.”
Sherlock looked at his brother, a question in his eyes. He hero-worshiped the eleven-year-old boy, who was now on his way to attend one of England’s finest public schools. He couldn’t believe his brother was being cruel on purpose.
John felt sad at the last part of this conversation, only because he knew that deep down, Sherlock did love Mycroft as much as the other man loved him. It was just because of red-headed Slytherin boy, John couldn’t picture him as anyone else, that he lashed back at his brother all the time, without even realising why.
"Nobody is breaking our family, Mary. If anything, we are trying to protect it. And our best chance is to hide while we sort this."
John started massaging his neck, loosening the muscles. He could feel John now really working his back. All the knots, the two years apart, going away. This won’t do. He stood up, fast.
She snorted at the self-deprecatory comment, because she knew Gideon Verlac was a very dangerous man, and Mycroft Holmes a more dangerous one even. But the last bit clearly sparked her curiosity, so she closed the door and removed the chain. When she opened the door, her eyes widened at the sight of Sherlock and John, but she was still blocking the entrance and didn’t comment or greet them in anyway. Sally Donovan was seating in the large sofa on the sitting room, a dark and feral look on her face.
They entered the study, were they found a whole party of aurors assembled. Harry Potter was there, studying the maps with Alissa and Sherlock, Mycroft was sitting in a chair talking on the phone. Gabrielle, Dennis Creevey and two other aurors John recognised from his house were talking among themselves. Sherlock didn’t lift his head from the maps to look at John as he approached their table. Victor crouched beside Mycroft, talking to the elder Holmes softly, no doubt proposing his idea and letting him know John was ok with his part in the plan. Mycroft shook his head, looking at both John and Sherlock, and Victor looked pissed. John thoughts broke, as Harry went to shake his hand.
He gave John his impish grin, and John felt like punching him in the mouth. I guess he felt the danger because he started pouting.
“Remember, sunshine, that the Cold Peace agreements say that the fairies can’t leave their realm now. If the fairy was outside the boundaries of Fairie, and the Shadowhunter saw him, that would have been reason enough for him to attack.”
“I really don’t think so, Uncle My, you know Mama and Papa were not as tall as you are! And aren’t Shadowhunters supposed to be very strong? Auntie Molly says they are strong and that I have to be careful because most of them are bad people. But
"Alissa and Victor were both exchange students, and you see, we clicked together from the beginning. I was the only British student in my year, and even though many students were foreign, the French ones never liked the know-it-all Englishman, that is what they called me when they were feeling benign. Both Alissa and Victor were there only for a year from Ilvermorny, and well, Victor was British, and Alissa was American, so we talked to each other in English while the rest of the student body only talked French in school. People hated our guts. Well, they hated Victor and me, Alissa just stuck with us through all. She could have made more friends if she had left us to our own devices. You see, Victor is a prick, and he was, still is, a very handsome man, but he was sometimes cruel and had a very dark sense of humour. I barely escaped expulsion five times that year. Alissa saved our arses every time, pleading with Madame Maxime, begging for another opportunity. And the Headmistress didn't want to expel the children of MACUSA representatives that were in her school only for one year and one of her most gifted students. I think she was happy I finally had some friends, even if we got into trouble every other day."
“I wanted to tell you. Personally. The warlocks have spoken. They want you or me to become High Warlock of London. I decided to run things over with you first, to see if I should just take it.”
One of the DIs called them in with an interesting case, more like a 6, but, really, cases were really light those weeks. He usually hated working with anyone beside Lestrade, not that he would tell the man that, and now with the former DI’s promotion he found that he had to tolerate the other teams more often than not.
Sherlock managed to look composed, and Victor kept sipping on his potion nonchalantly as if public displays of affection from the doctor to his detective were a thing of every day.
, if you want to see a nice patronus analysis. So a group of crows is called a murder sometimes, that's why my dear Victor, drama queen extraordinaire, thinks his life is in danger. I think I love him too much to kill him. I'm just a sucker for the magical history bits they keep adding on Pottermore, so the housing at Ilvermony was prompted by a leaked Pottermore secret code. The Wikia has been updated since and you can see the houses
“That’s John’s pet name for my ex-girlfriend. Victorian Vampire Trash. Ragnor Fell was a warlock… friend… yes, let’s go with friend again, well at least he was my friend. He passed away three years ago.”
With that, he stepped into the fireplace and disappeared again. Sherlock started pacing the room, and John just decided to sit in the chair Victor vacated and watched his partner walk around. Sparks began shooting from his wand, so Sherlock removed the holder and gave it to John.
They waited in silence; John worried sick about Sherlock’s possible fate in America. Then the man himself appeared, a smug look on his face.
“I’m always careful, and I wouldn’t possess the information I have now if I wasn’t friendly with our forgotten brethren.”
“Well, I think the perfect moment is right before her date with my father in Darillium starts. According to her, and that is real if, because my mum loved to dramatize her stories, she was unconscious in the TARDIS while my father waited for her in the entrance of the restaurant. The trick would be to get the TARDIS next to the exact same spot in which it was parked, so that you could talk with her for few minutes. And you have to avoid my father.”
“Finding my mother in her own timeline might prove a bit tricky and quite dangerous. Basically the only time she wasn’t imprisoned or doing really outrageous things would be… But, I can’t… You might even prevent me from being born!”
“It’s always nice to be recognized. So sad we had to meet on such an unfortunate night, with the accident and all.”
“It makes sense that she was at the pool, though we never had any concrete evidence to tie her there.”
He’s hit first by how it smells - vanilla (a candle that was lit the night before), cinnamon (biscuits on the counter), and a metallic tang, the source of which Sherlock notices a moment later.
The final, sharp turn onto Baker Street has him putting his head between his knees regardless to quell his roiling stomach, and he’s grateful for the fresh air that’s like a slap across the face when he steps onto the pavement once more.
At six-years-old, there are many things Rosie Watson doesn’t account for. She doesn’t account for how food gets on her table or how new clothes get in her drawers or a plethora of other things that just
It goes beyond the physical - the limp in his leg, the grey at his temple; it was something Mycroft couldn’t pinpoint through the haze of John’s abduction and Sherlock’s return, but now, as his brother stares down at a snapshot of a life he wouldn't let himself be a part of, Mycroft knows what it is.
Greg gives a cursory search about the room, but Sherlock isn’t here. “And who do I have to blame for this stupidity?”
Mycroft watches Sherlock watch her go and he feels like he should offer some sort of brotherly comfort, but then again, that’s never been their forte.
“You know, your Daddy is one of the bravest men I’ve ever met,” she says simply. Like it’s just any other Tuesday.
She rolls her eyes and, in that moment, she looks so much like John, he nearly gasps. “The point of tucking someone in is that you’re supposed to
“You don’t look like you climb over rooftops,” she accuses, weighing him and apparently finding him wanting.
221 always seemed dark and a tad dreary to her, at least the hallway. Nana’s flat was cheery with its pink curtains and neverending offerings of tea and biscuits, but she and Daddy never did go upstairs. She snuck up once, when she was little (well, littler) and Daddy got angry. It was strange, though. He wasn’t angry at her. It was like he was angry at the room and she had no idea why. It didn’t seem all that special or even dangerous. It was just a room with fun patterned wallpaper and a skull on the mantle, which frightened her at first before she realized someone had stuck a cigar in his mouth and then it just made her giggle.
Silence descends. Greg can hear Sherlock shut the bedside drawer as he inspects the square mark where the frame rubbed against the wall.
She hears another bang from downstairs, this one louder, and he tenses, lifting her deftly into the crawlspace, before reaching up and cupping her cheek in his palm.
“Ms. Morstan is not with them,” Mycroft murmured, continuing to use her maiden name when it wasn’t even real to begin with.
“Ah.” He’s heard the term, certainly, but he’s not entirely sure what it entails. He pulls the covers up to her chin and stands back. “Like that?”
on one hand. In fact, it might have taken the Serbian interrogation team to pull the admission past his lips. The fact that John Watson was able to when he isn’t even
“Don’t mind me,” she says, but that’s preposterous. He’s never minded her. Even when she’s on her herbal soothers.
“Alright,” he says, voice hitching, throat tight, gently rocking him back and forth. “I’ve got you. It’s alright, now.”
“Thank you,” he says to her, and he tries to infuse those two words with as much love and gratitude as he can muster, which at the moment, isn’t much, but it’s all he’s got.
But before he can do any of those things, he hears a sound like a hiccuped sob, followed by an unsteady tread on the stairs. He turns to the landing just in time to see Sherlock, the Ghost of Christmas Bloody Past himself, stumble into the frame and stop dead in the doorway at the sight of him.
“I wasn’t kidding when I said I was retired,” Lestrade says carefully, like he knows it’s a minefield he’s wading into and he isn’t sure where to place his first step.
It hurts more than he expects it to, and he expected a lot. He scrolls through riding crops and lipstick and Angelo’s. Through walking sticks and cabbies and pills. Through shock blankets and ‘nice shot’ and the bottom third of the door handle. He flips through the Black Lotus and the pool and The Woman. He nearly buckles when he gets to Baskerville. To ‘is yours a snorer’ and ‘that’s an order, corporal’ and ‘I don’t have friends, I’ve just got one.’
“Daddy!” Her hair is matted to her forehead and she’s working herself up into full-on hyperventilation.
Mycroft frowns, but before he can ask for clarification, Sherlock fixes him with a look that’s brokenly resigned.
The statement is so surprising, he barks out a laugh that finally brings a smile to her face as the rest of them join in.
But they can’t be because they just came from home. What she doesn’t realize is that Sherlock is bringing her to the next best thing:
"And she was involved with Moran and Moriarty's network? You know, with what you said about her, I don't know, it doesn't fit."
Mycroft was a fearsome thing to behold when John thought he was a muggle, and now that he knew he is such a talented wizard, well, his respect for the man increased a lot. He wasn't going to tell Sherlock that. And even now, he knew he would stand up to Mycroft if it meant helping Sherlock.
"Deputy Head Granger-Weasley. To what do I owe the honour of being addressed by the Head of Magical Law enforcement? I don't believe I have broken any wizarding laws recently."
John motioned for Sherlock to continue, and he turned to see a balding man, a little fat, shorter than him for about two inches. He was wearing the green robes trimmed with the gold of the head healer. John looked at the man in confusion and the man chuckled.
The next morning, he woke up to a very amorous and cuddly consulting detective who seemed to have demands on him. Who has him to deny Sherlock anything? They indulged, slow and gentle, not caring about morning breath or anything else at all. When they finally left the room, after a long, decadent shower, it was almost midday. John felt a little neglectful of his parental duties, and he was weighing the value of getting a good brunch before leaving for the hospital. Mycroft was nowhere to be seen, and John assumed the man had managed to evade his wife again and was back at work, either at the Ministry of Magic or at wherever the hell his office was in the muggle world.
John hated Jim Moriarty from the start. His interest in Sherlock was unhealthy and his flatmate’s obsession with the criminal genius bordered on insanity. When he was strapped in Semtex on the side of that darkened pool, he considered using his magic and destroying the little man before him. He even considered drawing a summoning circle right there and calling his father for aid, something he had never done before.
"Yes, John, I've been married for almost as long as you, we celebrated the ceremony when you were on your honeymoon. You know why I didn't invite you, I assume. It wasn't a Muggle wedding, and you were pretending to be one, so it seemed like an unfair way to out you to my brother." Emphasizing in the out, Mycroft was a wretched man indeed.
“No transfiguration, or metamorphic magic whatsoever. This body is dead. I guessed we missed another chance. But you managed to touch him, yes?”
“Besides, he is my friend’s grandson. I trust him. And his parents. And his brother, sorry, his sister.”
“Fiendfyre, yes. Nothing can extinguish it; it needs to die on its own. Probably after turning us into matching piles of ashes. There’s a charm to eradicate it, but I’ve seemed to have misplaced the information.”
Thanks to the wonderful Ariane Devere for her wonderful transcripts of the Sherlock scripts, which are partially used in this chapter.
John frowned, remembering his only Shadowhunter friend, crossdressing, cheroot smoking Anna Lightwood. And he guessed he could add Alec, Clary and Simon to his list of Shadowhunter acquaintances. He fought along Jia Penhallow. He used to like James Herondale a long time ago, Ragnor’s little protégé.
"That would be your cousin or so. That is Draco Malfoy, possibly hounding Harry again on his son's parentage."
He winked at John, and helped him up, giving him the books he gathered. He then picked his bag, and said,
They arrived at the atrium and got John's wand registered. The security wizard eyed Sherlock suspiciously when he told him he didn't have his wand with him.
“Since you are part of the Shadow World, it is your concern. And since it involves you, it involves me by default. Don’t keep anymore secrets from me, John.”
But seeing things no one else saw wasn’t normal, and Sherlock knew it. He studied the human mind, and began to see some parallels between himself and people suffering from mental illness. He kept what he saw to himself, because none of those things ever threatened him or anyone else. After all, he kept his distance, remembering the words his mother spoke to him all those years ago. The sight sometimes was too much, and he indulged in other things. The only times he didn’t really see anything at all was when he used. So he used, and used, until it became too much. The Sergeant found him in a gutter, in a pitiful state, and he managed to contact Mycroft. Then came rehab, and that wasn’t the last time. It was the first time of many.
“I notice you are not denying the mundane. Yes, you forgave me, after you went MIA in World War II and I had to go and look for you! Then you bailed again on me and started exploring Nepal with Tessa!”
“Mmmm. What else can you tell me? What is the relationship you and your sister have with the Shadow World? Because she clearly is your sister, she has the same nose, but she looks so much younger.”
As John opened the door, the detective could see how tense the other man really was. His body was in his military stance, and he could see his hands shaking in anger? Anticipation? He didn’t know anymore. They reached their flat and John sat, collapsed really, on his chair.
John woke up after a night of restless sleep. He kept dreaming about the fall, and almost walked down the stairs a couple of times to check on Sherlock. As soon as the sun entered his room, he decided enough was enough and went downstairs. He heard the shower running, no doubt Sherlock had another sleepless night. He started ransacking the cupboards to make tea; we and realised they were out of tea and milk. Well, he was fully dressed, so a run to the store could benefit him, clear his head a little. He opened the door to 221B, and he could see Victoria standing in the hallway, a takeaway bag and coffee cups on her hands. She was wearing a different dress than the night before, but her eyes were red-rimmed and puffy like she also had a sleep-deprived night.
“I’m very hard to kill Sherlock. Warlocks generally are, but in my case, I’m what you could call a rare type of warlock.”
“Tried once, but probably since my body is a piece of transfiguration itself, the charm doesn’t work. But I don’t want you to worry about those. I wanted to do this.”
“They don’t care!! You know the Dark Lord is a half-blood too? They only care that you have vision and want to work for the cause. We are almost 18 now! We will soon be adults, and we have to choose a side!”
