“You make da monsters go ‘way?” Jack asked innocently as he peered over the edge of the bed and pointed down to the floor as Dean’s t-shirt hung hugely loose on him until they could go shopping.
“How long you been running with those Winchester boys?” Nelson asked, trying to be nonchalant and failing as Cas saw him stealing glances to the table. He sighed, long suffering and already on edge.
Sam smiled and Dean actually smirked, impressed that she was able to process it. He gave a lopsided grin as he answered, “You’re not wrong.”
“Dean wants to take muh bear,” Jack tattled as he grabbed Sam’s pajama pant leg.
Cas had known what he was doing when he made him wear the cage. It wasn’t a punishment. Cas had never been much for punishment unless it was the fun kind. It was…an enhancement. With the constant pressure of the cage around his dick, he couldn’t possibly forget, not even for a moment, about the game. It was as if Cas was sitting there watching him with an anticipatory smirk on his face across the library table. Except the fucker wasn’t going to be home for a couple more weeks. Sweet agony. Dean wasn’t going to die from not coming for a few weeks, but Cas better have considered clearing his schedule when he got back.
Dean started to argue, but he had to consider why the hell he was trying to argue…Another orgasm. Bully for him! He stretched his arms above his head and gripped his wrists in each hand. As soon as he’d done as he asked, Cas reached across his body and grabbed the lube from the nightstand drawer. Dean immediately drew his legs up, spreading them wide in response. Cas smiled at him again, pleased, and he lubed up one finger as he watched him, lifting an eyebrow in question.
“She’d never put him in unnecessary danger…Also…ruckus?” Dean felt the niggling need to defend his mother’s actions even if he wasn’t sure he one hundred percent believed it. He smirked at cas' choice of words, hoping it would relax Cas a bit.
, we will keep playing them…and if I get to enjoy your body after the games are over, that is a bonus for me.” Dean’s face had flushed as Cas spoke, so he was thankful he’d finished his little speech with a flirtatious note. Too many feelings made him try to retreat, as Cas well knew. He deflected instead.
“Shut up.” Cas, slumping to the floor, felt the weight of their words despite themselves.
Cas’ words left an impression on the bartender and he sized Cas up as he spoke now, finally noting the man in front of him might be as dangerous as those sitting at the table. “Really? You must know em pretty well then…”
“Then drop it, okay?” Sam said as he walked off abruptly, leaving Dean and Cas alone in the kitchen.
. Far better than me.”
Dean blinked back from wherever that angry voice took him to see Jody rolling her eyes at them both. “I’m gonna withhold my comment because you two are both
Dean’s face flushed even more, enough that there shouldn’t have been any blood left for his dick and he squirmed like Cas was sitting there saying those words. Cas had loved finding Dean had a thing for praise…something no other partner had taken the time to help him discover, and something Cas was more than ready to pile on him. It still made him squirm…which was Cas’ favorite part. He stared at his phone a moment before replying.
Nelson grimaced and whispered quietly as he leaned over. “Heads up buddy. Loopy Lizzie is incoming.”
“Not at all, Sam. We always have room for you guys.” Jody smiled as Sam went out to the car but she turned on Dean and Claire as soon as the front door closed. “What’re you two up to?”
“That’s Jack?” Claire asked skeptically. “That’s...messed up.”
Dean grinned to himself and decided payback might be fun. He took a long body angle photo, capturing his dick curving up and away from his body as he bunched the comforter below his hips and sent it before he could chicken out.
Cas picked up where Dean couldn’t, though with little enthusiasm. “He suggested we share one room with two beds since Mom and Jack are already in the area.”
away being called all sorts of things.” His thumb traced along the light hair below his belly button and Dean bucked into his hand. “Are you opposed to sex? I thought we’d start off easy since it had been a while, but if you are up for it..”
Letting a tired, half-smile cross his face, Dean nodded. “That’s what I do. You’re safe.” The voice in his head stopped him from showing any other affection, bitterness still heavy on his tongue. Instead, he thumbed a rogue strand of hair off his forehead and patted his little shoulder. “Night night, Jack.”
from twenty to twenty-three years old and you think a
a bit…” She murmured as she held it up to the light and walked toward Castiel.
“Two more then we really should return and gather our belongings from the site of the incident,” Cas said with growing impatience that he tried to reign in.
He should have felt some type of embarrassment as Cas made quick work of prepping him and then entered him from behind, the two of them locked together like animals. It really was an apt description. Cas, wings out like some mythical bird of prey, and Dean, incapable of more than grunts and moans as their skin slapped together, drowning out the angry, distant thunderclaps as the rain fell on them…and at that moment maybe they were something more than an Angel and human, but neither cared. They were focused only on their skin, the sound, the warmth, and the fullness that one another brought. Dean couldn’t see Cas’ wings, which was a shame, but he could hear them as they rustled and moved with every thrust, and the tickle of air along his back with their movements was an interesting addition to his overwhelmed senses. He did blush as he thought of the sight they must make. Dean, ass up, on his hands and knees while a literal biblical Angel made him take God’s name in vain because of how good he was fucking him. It wasn’t classy, that was for damn sure.
Dean and Cas followed Mary’s car to Nelson’s. There’d been a few annoyed words exchanged about how long It had taken for Dean and Cas to “get ready” and Sam had almost eye rolled himself to death when they’d finally stumbled downstairs, shirts misbuttoned, half tucked, and hair sticking up all over the place. Sam had refused to ride with them and chosen Mary’s car instead on principle alone. Meanwhile, Cas sat beside Dean in the front seat, getting increasingly antsy as they neared the roadhouse. He fidgeted with his knife sheath, adjusting the small blades just so over and over again. He finally broke the silence as they pulled onto the gravel driveway right off the highway. His voice was soft and unsure, a sound Dean had not heard from him in some time. “So, how are we playing this…us? I know some of your hunter friends are somewhat progressive minded but….” Cas’ voice faded as Dean pulled into an empty spot and shut the car off.
“Jody, I’m not the one needing a babysitter. Jack is.” Dean laughed, trying for nonchalant but knowing Jody could sense their deceit, even if she was second-guessing herself.
“No no…Sam, wait. Whatever came of you asking out that hot new librarian chick you told me about?” Dean’s eyebrows were raised in genuine interest now, so Sam sighed and leaned against the door face, his arms crossed over his chest.
be...and don’t lie when I ask. You know I always know when you lie. If you fail, you have to tell me too. Understand?”
cage. Cas ran the palm of his hand down from Dean’s stomach, over the band of his underwear, to rest on the bulge the cage made. Dean looked down at him and was overcome with a wave of disbelief. Those blue eyes that looked up at him were swimming with want as badly as he was, and his knees almost buckled at the reality of it. The intrusive thoughts they'd been battling, that he didn’t deserve good things, were drowned out by Cas’ eyes, silencing them like he could command them by sheer will alone. Cas slid two fingers from both hands under the waistband of his underwear and slid them down gently, almost reverently, letting his thumbs trail along his exposed thighs as he dragged them down. After weeks without his touch, Dean stifled a whine in the back of his throat, settling for a breathy groan instead. Once Cas had them pulled down around his feet, Dean shuffled his feet out of them and stepped back toward the bed as Cas pushed his thighs with both hands. As the backs of his legs hit the bed, he sat down heavily and Cas knee walked into his personal space, starting at his ankles and dragging his hands up to spread his thighs wide. Dean complied as he tasted his pulse in his mouth. Damn it, it would be fucking embarrassing to come before Cas even unclicked the lock…but Cas was kissing along his naked thigh now and he wasn't sure that wasn't about to happen. He had to look up at the ceiling and suck in a breath to calm himself down, but his eyes were drug back as he felt Cas slip the tiny metal key into the lock and then gently remove the cage. Dean immediately went hard, his dick springing to life with almost comical relief. However,
Dean cleared his throat as he stuck his pistol at the small of his back. “Jack can be our cousin. Cas is our hunting buddy. What license do you have on you, Cas?” Dean said as he closed the trunk.
"Cas, please," Dean groaned in a pleading tone, pulling at Cas' shirt, yanking at the buttons frantically. He felt starved for him, aching for relief, a need that bled over from his current reality. But Cas leaned away, brushing his jaw with the pad of his thumb before tracing his lips. Dean parted his lips and Cas traced inside, dragging his thumb along the tops of his bottom row of teeth, a desperate look in his eyes that grew wider as Dean closed his lips around his thumb, licking the pad of it with his tongue. Cas gasped and laid his other hand on Dean's hip, pressing him harder into the leaves as he stared at his mouth, warring with temptation.
“I wish I could argue…” Cas hissed out as Dean drug his tongue down his stomach and drug his thumbs along Cas’ mouthwatering hipbones. “But we don’t have a lot of time before we have to go…”
His lips, so much softer than they looked, made Dean throw his hands out behind him to prop his body up. He strained toward him magnetically, like his body knew relief was finally here in the way of Cas. Blowjobs weren’t new to Dean. Hell, they weren’t even new to Cas at this point, but what he did to him couldn’t be rivaled by anyone else. He’d gotten a lot of head in his day and for a lot of partners it was a means to a quick end, but apparently for Cas, half the fun was watching him come apart at the pleasure, not race to the end. Sadly, though, this wasn’t going to be a long, drawn-out process even if he wanted it to be. As soon as Cas’ lips wrapped around him, the wet and the warmth made him cry out. He’d denied himself through sheer will for too long not to be overwhelmed. He sat up and twisted his fingers in Cas’ hair, making the man between his legs groan in surprise. Thankfully, Cas was undeterred and Dean thrust into his mouth in renewed desperation, his back bowed over him as if hunched in prayer. Not needing his hands anymore, Cas wrapped them around Dean’s naked waist and spread his hands over his ass, holding him in place as hard as Dean was holding him. He knew it wasn’t going to take long. Hell, Cas could have used his hand and stroked him for only a minute and he’d have blown his load, but with his mouth and tongue and the muffled moans coming out of the Angel between his legs, he was a fucking lost cause. He tightened his fingers in warning and felt Cas grip him harder, assuring him he understood, before he felt pleasure race up his spine, making little stars pop in his vision as the buildup rushed into his groin and he came down Cas’ throat, chanting his name.
“Bastard,” Dean lovingly hissed out as he wiped the cage off and tossed it back in the box. As he changed for bed, the pressure of his underwear and pajama bottoms suddenly felt borderline sinful after a day of feeling nothing but silicone against his skin. He gently ran his hand along his half chub, rubbing the cotton against it, and he groaned, biting the knuckle of his other hand. Dean picked up his phone, not daring to call Cas because he didn’t know what bullshit angel business he was up to…but he could text.
“Have you drank water?” Cas asked softly as he brought his hand up to rest on his hip, needing a distraction from Dean's desperate hip thrusts.
Cas rubbed his cheek against Dean’s, a sweet but somewhat inhuman gesture of affection, before pressing his lips to his ear. “Show me whose
“That is not what happened. Mom made her own choices, even knowing what’d cost. She made that deal with Azazel, not you. It wasn’t your fault.”
‘So, what’s the plan?” Dean asked as he slung his duffle over his shoulder and looked to his mom.
other people,” Dean growled out as he saw Cas struggling with his words. He went to him and extended his arms, and was surprised as Cas crashed into him, wrapping his own arms tightly around him. “Shhh, Angel. It’s okay. You're okay.”
Dean took a breath and plastered a fake smile on his face. “Besides, with Claire helping, we can handle it until we figure things out, right? We don't have to rush into anything.”
“Cas…” Dean said quietly as he picked up his hand. Cas looked him in the eye but nodded to confirm his statement.
. We keep coming back to that, don’t we?
“They have things other than salad, Dean…I checked before we came here,” Sam said with a laugh at Dean's face as he brought his hand back across to his side of the table.
“That was…probably ill-advised…” Cas said softly as lightning cracked outside.
“Fair enough I guess,” She glanced back to Cas and Dean, who she watched murmuring quietly in the corner. “They’re truly in love?” She whispered off-hand to Sam, who let out an amused huff.
“Sam...I don’t need a babysitter,” Dean snapped with a glare. “Of
“You remember that?” He looked at her with renewed interest, having been a vessel himself. "You were so young."
Sam shot his eyes to Jack and shook his head. “We can talk later, Dean. Not in front of Jack.”
“I like when you’re sweet. It’s…refreshing…” Cas gave a cocky half-smile and Dean pretended to glare.
keeping him. He’s not a puppy and I’m
She paused again, lost in thought for a moment before holding up a finger. “Okay….one more question? No…two.”
“Like dad…I think he resented me. Not that he knew
For now, he needed to finish the project he started in the kitchen before Sam started yelling.
?” Cas asked with suspicion.
, Dean.”
Claire narrowed her eyes as she glanced inside through the sliding door to see Sam and Jody not paying them any attention. “You’re hearing Castiel’s voice in your head, aren't you? Because I have too. A few times, at least, since the other day.”
Dean clenched his jaw and rolled his eyes angrily. “Of course I know that, but just how do you lead into this conversation?  Hey Jody, you know Jack, right? The 20 something-year-old Nephilim we've all been caring for? Well, he absorbed God’s power and his aunt, the Darkness, and de-aged into a toddler because he thought he’d be safer and
Dean's face flushed but he shook his head. “Sammy’s got a connection too. I don’t-“ Claire interrupted him as she crossed her arms again.
Cas ended their text thread with the laughing with tears emoji and a kissy face emoji and Dean shook his head at the sheer ridiculousness of a sex-crazed Angel who used emojis like a preteen. He grumpily tossed his phone on his nightstand and rolled over on his stomach to get rid of the temptation to touch himself. However, the press of the mattress was almost worse. Goddamn it. He did finally nod off to sleep but it was restless, tossing and turning.
“I didn’t tell you to come. I told you to touch yourself.”
“Yeah, well, he didn’t okay? So, this?” Dean gestured between the two of them. “This is Team Free Will now. No more Angels. No more mom. He’s dead. They’re both dead. We’re it,” Dean spat the last out and turned to go to his room, but Sam grabbed his arm.
“And tomorrow?” Dean asked as he turned toward Cas, their hands sliding across each other’s skin.
Lizzie went to her sister and kneeled beside her, running a hand along the back of her head before smoothing the hair from her face. “She’s my sister. No matter what she does…I love her. I wish I didn’t. I know she’s capable of bad things, but I can’t just let you kill her.”
“Not in front of Jack. One of us has to go into town and get supplies today. We need a car seat and toys and…Jack, are you potty trained?” Dean's eyes widened and he was gearing up for an argument before Jack interrupted him.
That one hurt and Dean grabbed at the wall of the house to support himself. Cas' words to him about his own plan to bury himself in the ocean when he was so far gone with Michael...Cas had
, I’m good with,” Dean quipped back.
. I don’t know my body as…intimately…as you know yours. I haven’t had one as long. Are you opposed? We might not have time tomorrow for everything…but I’d like to explore new things with you more often…if that’s alright? If not, I am perfectly content with our current sex life.” Cas became nervous at the end, rushing through his reassurance.
Dean spoke up before Sam could. “Kid inhaled some chicken nuggets about two hours out. I kept Sam alive on boxed mac and cheese and sugar cereal when he was his age. I don't think he's picky.”
you are.”
Dean grabbed the lube bottle off the nightstand without a word and drizzled a small amount onto his pointer and middle finger before capping it and tossing it beside him. One of the interesting things they had discovered together about sex with an Angel, was that a little less prep was required…but required and enjoyed were two
Claire looked down as if the ground would give her answers, then she looked up, her lips pursed. “A connection.”
anymore and then forget he exists.”
!” came a new voice from the door. Delaney turned to the door at the same moment the Grace seemed to sense Castiel’s presence and it turned immediately away from her and headed to him like a dog hearing its master's call. Lizzie stood in the door now, staring at the scene before her with confusion and dismay.
“She might be able to help with my reverting back to human,” Cas added quickly as he looked to her.
Cas smiled and rolled his eyes. “I told you it was an accident, but…now that I know I can do that I might have to use it intentionally the next time we are apart.”
Castiel nodded. “Easily done.” And he disappeared.
Cas nodded and smiled sadly. “And that power has and will
“I can babysit.” Claire smiled at her own brilliance, knowing it was a great excuse for her to join them.
you liked it. Nothing wrong with knowing what you like, Dean. However, I am interested to discover what you and I both enjoy
different things. He slid his fingers in, and his pupils almost immediately dilated.  He watched in rapt fascination as Cas laid his head back and dug his top teeth into his bottom lip as he spread his legs wider, resting his hands on his muscular thighs. He gently stroked in and out till his fingers brushed against his prostate. He wasn’t going to make him come this way. Too much stimulation before anal, but he
,” Dean hissed out, shivering. “Fucking deviant. I
This chapter contains a M/M sex scene and is not intended for readers under 18.
Cas' voice was gruff and low but not from sleep. “Good morning. I was afraid I would wake you calling this early…”
, but this bothers you so much more. This?” The shadow laughed cruelly as he tugged on the flannel shirttail, as far as Cas’ eyes would rise. “This is the human you chose to declare your love to? This...this…insecure
Dean shrugged, unable to argue his point but quirking his mouth at Cas’ talk of faith. “He’s right in that regard. After all we’ve seen, we have to be open to what’s possible.”
He put an arm over his back, holding him beside him tightly. “I didn’t mean to or even know I did…I suppose it was a form of lucid dreaming…" He laid his cheek on Dean's hair and lowered his voice. "Our
“Most recently was an Angel named Gadreel. It was also a possession. Further back, I’ll need to get to know you better to share that.” She nodded but her eyes were wide now.
wasn’t amused. He was a man…or an Angel that is…on a mission. He let the silicone cage fall to the floor along with the key, giving his full attention to Dean’s neglected dick.
"I happened, now be quiet and we can get this over with as quickly and painlessly as possible,” snapped a harsh female voice from behind them, walking into view of the sparse, eerie light the candles threw.
-------------------------------------
When Dean raised his eyebrow, Lizzie shrugged but blushed softly. “I was reading his palm. Another one of those things that’s not very useful for hunting, but a fun way to get to know people.”
“You’re amazing,” Cas praised as Dean saw him shuffling around to fix his pants and shirt. He assumed he would just use his Grace to clean himself up. “Seeing you in the bed like that makes me want to come home now. I miss you.”
Cas threw a, increasingly grouchy look Dean’s way. “That’s not what I was talking about and you know it.”
Cas made an apologetic smile now, rolling his beer bottle on its edge. “Well...I said I believed in auras, not that it was something I’d studied.”
to shower.” He repeated it again, more to himself than to Dean, nodding his head to confirm his thoughts.
“Stay. I’m good.”
“Now, Claire, that’s not-“ Dean began again, looking back at her with a frown.
“You really think your mother will help you play matchmaker for your brother?” Cas said skeptically.
Dean sagged tiredly against the opposite wall. “Sam, it’s been the longest goddamn day of my life. We defeated God. That kid in there has more power in his pinky finger than all of Heaven combined and has no damn clue since he just Benjamin Buttoned himself after absorbing his auntie Amara. I don’t have the answers tonight, okay?”
Dean’s stomach flipped and he swallowed once before answering, noticing Sam didn’t even attempt to answer her, always deferring to Dean when answers about Castiel were needed. Defensively, Dean answered. “Not really. You
regretted it.”
“Okay, then…I’ll stop the sweet talk…Cut right to the fucking,” Dean said with a deep chuckle as he stuck his hand in the side pocket of Cas’ duffel, knowing him too well. Cas groaned at Dean’s words and worked himself harder as he watched Dean put a dollop of lube on his finger and slick himself open for him. Cas gripped him by his hips and pulled him onto his lap, Dean’s strong legs straddling his muscular hips. Dean couldn’t help but run his hands along his upper arms, dragging his nails along as he did. He leaned back and worked Cas inside him, both shuddering in bliss as they united.
and for the
“They’re not what they once were,” Cas said with a frown as he looked at them over his shoulder.
you should go see her. Don’t make her wait.”
be done. With the hunting and the fighting. Let someone else save the world for once.
Cas shrugged his shoulders as he ran his thumb along Dean's shoulder blades. “Probably not, but you laugh at me when I call it copulation or sexual intercourse…and you
it, and if you’re not going to tell me, you have to at least promise to keep her safe.” Jody looked to Dean then.
. Dean’s mind was alight with ideas. Things they hadn’t tried. Things they had only hedged around discussing…but again, Cas had a lot more time to look shit up than he did. “Umm, okay. Anything specific in mind?”
Dean’s eyes widened comically at Cas’ deadpan delivery and his mouth went dry. “Are Angels supposed to say fuck?”
“Okay. I’ll be right here when you get out,” Dean said with assuredness as Cas walked purposefully into the bathroom. He busied himself with changing into a t-shirt and pajama pants and padded into the outer area of the bathroom where the sink was to brush his teeth.  He glanced into the bathroom because Cas had left the door open and he frowned as he saw him standing under the water, letting the hot water pour down his back. He had both palms on the shower wall supporting himself and his head hung down. His body language radiated defeat...sadness...and Dean shook his head as he ground his teeth together. “Fucking witches,” he growled out to himself before he quickly shucked off his clothes, leaving them in a disheveled heap on the floor. Cas looked up, startled out of his thoughts as Dean abruptly stepped into the tub.
you can’t replace that with thrall.”
Dean’s mouth quirked in almost a grimace as he nodded, trying to move the subject along, panicking internally as he looked at his ex-Angel. “Yeah, we ran into a few…Anyway…” He rubbed the back of his neck nervously before running his palm along his lightly stubbled chin. “My family…”
Sam rolled his eyes when he discovered he would get no help from Cas. “Nothing came of it, okay?”
-----------
“Oh thank Go-goodness," Sam stuttered, going back to cooking.
“I merely suggested we needed to exercise more since I’m human now and can’t heal you…” Cas said again as he kissed his chest, right where his heart lied.
Dean tucked little Jack into Cas’ bed, a bed he’d never seen him use but Dean had changed the sheets week after week since he’d offered him the room. Now Jack, a stinging, painful reminder of the still-raw loss, lay in it, looking small and as lost as he felt as he looked around the room. There was painfully little of Castiel in this room…
Cas looked over at Dean, who’d taken a pillow and had it pressed over his head dramatically in an attempt to block out the harsh light. “Better make it ten…”
“Why…” Dean wheezed out, “would anyone choose to do that…..for fun?” He looked incredulously at Sam as he grinned at him.
Liz smiled a friendly smile, flashing all her teeth. “Auras don’t lie. You’re all violet and lavenders but with flashes of all the colors. You have an old soul, but I’m sure you’ve heard that before.” Cas about spit his beer out as she said the last and he choked a moment before recovering. Liz put her hand on his shoulder in concern as he choked before he waved her hand away.
“I never asked Dean to love me back,” Cas snapped as he tried to stand. The Shadow kicked nonchalantly at his knee and he fell backward, the oozey blackness grabbing at his arms as he fell.
“You what?” Cas said with an annoyed tone as he looked to Dean who shrugged and averted his eyes as he sipped at his own beer, avoiding Cas’ gaze now.
“You too…Uh, I'll see you around...” Sam said, hesitating a moment awkwardly before clearing his throat and walking away.
-----
Castiel thought to himself how this was a vast understatement. He'd had his hands on every naked inch of Dean Winchester that there was, physically and otherwise. He’d touched his red, ragged soul in Hell and rebuilt him from nothing. He’d laid his tattered soul bare and placed it inside his empty shell and breathed life back into him with his own breath and his Grace. .…and he’d also made sinful, desperate noises escape his perfect lips that he hadn't known Dean could make…and not an hour ago he’d had his own dick buried deep inside of him…No. Focus. He took a swig of his beer to ground himself as he focused on Nelson’s words. Human focus still sometimes evaded him. “Yeah, it’d be safe to say that,” Cas said shortly, hoping the pause in conversation had not been too long while he’d let his thoughts go unimpeded.
you deserve what you are getting today, don’t you?”
Dean shook his head as he went to stand. “The only thing those dicks did right is cover their tracks. No one suspects it was mom, and she goes to these things as a way to pay her respects to the ones she hurt when she wasn’t in control of herself. She's never had any problems.”
“I’m sorry about Castiel. Claire’s been taking it hard since I broke the news to her…and
Cas raised an eyebrow and side eyed the room. “I never understood having a fear of germs…. until now. And do not EVEN look at me that way. There is no way I will do anything that requires being naked in this room that is not showering. I can get diseases now…I feel like I might in this room…”
Dean gave her a serious look, letting her see the vulnerability behind his typically controlled eyes. “Are you sure? This isn’t something we can play with. I’m putting his life in your hands and his life means more than my own to me you understand? You keep him safe and I’ll consider you hunting with us…You play us…You hurt him...or let something happen to him…Well, let’s just make it clear I’ve got witch-killing bullets in my arsenal. If you do anything out of line, anything to cost me Cas, and you’re dead before you have time to blink.”
Delaney sighed as she stood up and dusted her skirt off nonchalantly. “Sorry, Castiel. I suppose I moved a little too fast for you, but you will be mine. You are so much more than I could have hoped for. I thought I just wanted Grace but the whole package is far more impressive. Lizzie, can’t you feel his power?” She walked near Cas, making a wide semi-circle and he matched her step for step in the opposite direction. “If you wanted me dead, you’d have done it, Castiel. You obviously need someone to take you away from these hunters who hold you hostage, keep your Grace at arm’s length, deny you your God-given power. What else do they make you do? I can help you. I can take you away from them.”
“And you told
“Yes…” Delaney whispered as she put her hands palm up to receive it, her eyes eager and welcoming as it swirled around her.
Dean looked to Claire, who pulled her mouth into a line and shrugged. “It’s
“I'm proposing we research, Dean, or are you unfamiliar with the concept? If there's info on the Empty, it'll be in your bunker.”
“I’ll note it on the official document,” Dean said with a smile that normally made Cas mirror a smile back… but not today. Dean sighed and took a small step forward. “Cas, you can’t wrap us in bubble wrap…”
Dean and Sam discuss Jack's future and argue about who's really to blame and who will take responsibility. Dean becomes more concerned about himself and the feelings inside of him. Meanwhile, someone's awake in the Empty....
“You just make sure you’ve got what you need to protect yourself in a fight. I can’t bring you back from the dead,” Castiel said with agitation in his voice as he exited the vehicle abruptly. Dean gripped the steering wheel hard and banged his head back on his seat as Cas closed the door behind him.
Jody grinned as she ruffled Jack's hair playfully. “Well, I think we can do a
Dean’s stomach flipped and he quickly turned and shot a look to Claire, who frowned and shook her head at his unspoken question. As Jody watched the two of them, gearing up to ask a follow-up question, Sam barged in with the pack-n-play, banging it against the door.
“Sammy bought a pack-n-play, because that’s a thing I never thought I’d be hauling in the back of my car.” Dean rolled his eyes as Sam stood up from the couch.
Lizzie held up a finger to stop and the three waited. She sat there for a few seconds in silence, processing. Sam studied her face, thoughts of his own cycling. If she could handle all of this…If she could process and move on from something as big as this…There was a chance she could handle their life. Not that he was ready for a commitment. They barely knew one another, but he liked her and he’d said himself he couldn’t get involved with a civilian. A hunter who was also a witch was a far cry from a civilian. Finally, she unfroze and spoke. “Okay. Like,
Dean’s mind woke before he opened his eyes and he felt slightly embarrassed as he realized how tightly he was wrapped around Cas. At some point Cas must have pulled the cover over them since he’d dozed off naked. His arm was wrapped around Cas’ chest and his head rested over his heart, so the comforting sound of his heart beating strong and steady was the first sound Dean heard when he woke up. Considering how often they'd thought they'd lost one another, he couldn't be blamed for the comfort it brought…though admitting how much he needed him was still a difficult thing to do…
Day two and three went off without too much of a hitch but he was coming up on his threshold of time he was used to…three to four days was about his limit these days. He vibrated with nervous energy the night of day four, bouncing on his toes as he studied the shelves of books in the library. Sam huffed and put a bookmark in the tome he was reading, glancing at his brother with annoyance.
“Personally I preferred your little demon whore meat suit. She at least had
“Not in this room, that’s for damn sure…” Castiel said with a shake of his head as Dean pretended to pout but he couldn’t hold the facial expression for long, so he kissed Cas’ cheek instead.
-------------------------
Sam looked to Cas. “Have you ever heard of that?”
a very nice reward,” Dean murmured as he kissed his collarbone, his hands already skating over his ribs.
-------------------------
“Ah fuck, fuck Cas…” Dean cursed as he made his thrusts harder, knowing a human partner would have complained by now. Not Cas. Whatever side of himself he revealed to Cas was always accepted.
“I wish I knew what magic they used to bind you to them. It’s powerful…” She shook her head as she tried to walk toward him feigning empty hands as a sign of peace.
, Dean. Only for a moment but me and my dad were Cas’ true vessels. That seems like reason enough.”
to sleep,” Cas looked up at them. “I
Sam gave Mary an appraising, suspicious look at her suggestion, but Lizzie just smiled. “I’ve got nowhere to be, and I’m sober as a saint so if Sam wants to stay a bit longer, I’d be glad to give him a ride back.”
“You are kids…” Dean said skeptically under his breath as he took a swig of his beer, trying to find a way out of this conversation.
“Oh, his bad dream from last night. Must be nice that darkness is the thing that scares him. When you were his age you were screaming about Wendigos and vampires.”
Jody watched them with wary eyes, biting the inside of her cheek before she spoke. “So, what? Are you two gonna start a daddy daycare in the bunker or...?”
“Oh yeah. We cleared out a vamp nest last night!” Jack said with the excitement of a child on Christmas morning.
“Just told her how you two met. I thought it was mild compared to some of the shit we told her tonight…” Sam said with a slightly concerned frown.
“And Death?” Cas asked in curiosity even as the Shadow walked around him and put his/Dean’s hands on his shoulders and pinched painfully.
“He misses using his wings…” Dean said softly, staring at the spot where he’d disappeared so suddenly.
“Well, okay, but we gotta give Sam a different reason or he’s gonna be pissed. He's convinced we need to leave well enough alone.” Dean clenched his jaw. Well enough wasn't good enough. He'd told Sam as much.
“I didn’t kill
“Heaven. Naomi to be exact. She’s throwing a tantrum that I, her greatest failure, am so blatantly disregarding Heaven’s laws.” Cas whispered this all low, his lips ghosting gently along the sensitive shell of his ear.
Castiel shrugged, acting nonchalant. “Not sure. A couple of weeks…maybe a month.”
“Well, good for them I guess, but if Castiel needs our help-“
“I already told you before…My wings aren’t what they were. I’m trying to…I want to give you everything you deserve today and everything you’ve asked for…and you’ve asked for this several times but…”
“No repeats of earlier, especially not in the back of a bar full of hunters when I’m just your buddy…Think of the scandal,” Cas said with an attempt at humor. He said the next words with scandal in his tone, but his lip curved ever so slightly in humor. “Ladies Man Dean Winchester caught dry humping his hunting buddy behind Nelson’s Bar…”
“Goddamn it, not now!” Dean growled out to the echo of Cas' words, and he went to put his hands over his ears. Catching himself quickly, he pretended to run his fingers through his hair to camouflage the movement. Frowning, Jody looked to Sam in question but he shook his head.
Day one was easy. He didn’t even consider putting himself in chastity. He didn’t even think about his dick at all,
Finally, he took a deep breath and brought his eyes to look deeply into Dean’s. “You’ve been so accepting of everything recently. My feelings. Your feelings. Our mutual desires…but all fairly hidden under the guise of me passing for human.”
“You okay?” Sam looked at him with concern but Dean shrugged him off.
Her eyes were wide as she stared up from the bed. Sam still sat near her, his hands folded neatly in his lap as Cas and Dean stood together. “Oh…yeah…So, feel free to say no…but I was wondering…Delaney probably needs to be kept out of hunting. It puts her in the path of too many excuses to use her power…”
fall apart. That was a tall order though, and he’d have to get creative.
“Leave him out of this. He has nothing to do with our deal,” Cas growled out, righteous anger chasing away his fear as he looked up at him.
did that. You, me, and Jack, but yeah I guess-“ Sam looked to his brother with confusion as Claire let out an annoyed huff.
Dean startled as Cas pushed the door open. Cas cocked his head at him in question and Dean shrugged it off as he walked towards him. Cas tossed something into the small bundle of blankets and Dean turned to see the lube bottle make a soft landing.
“Castiel…” Dean groaned out as Cas slid his hands up his slick thighs, and he sunk to his knees as well, as if his strings had been cut. He was powerless against such a plea. He wrapped one hand at the back of Cas’ neck and pulled him to him, crashing their mouths together in a familiar dance. Cas moved his hands to grip his shoulders, letting his fingers dig gently in where he’d left his mark so many years before.
“Not helping, kid,” Dean said softly.
Sam narrowed his eyes, looking at Dean more closely. “That’s…extremely understanding of you. What gives?”
As he began moving his hips, riding Cas, he began his plan. “I love feeling this way, us together like this…” Dean whispered, his bravery not yet built up for regular speech.
, I almost came in my sleep. You cheated!” Dean playfully shoved his arm in shock.
“You like them,” Cas said with a pleased smile on his face, his eyes dark with want.
Dean closed the door and locked the handle and chain immediately behind he and Cas as they entered. He’d learned from years on the road never to grow complacent. He leaned against the door and smiled at Cas who was looking at the room with less than an excited expression, his duffle still strapped over his shoulder.
me wear those!” Dean barked in defense even as his dick perked up at the idea since there was no cage to tell him no.
“Wait. No…” She took a moment to process. “What the Hell, you guys? You can’t just spring this shit on me. A girl needs time to process.”
“They didn’t see you,
Dean nudged Sam with his elbow, trying to relieve the heavy tension in the air. “We have Jack covered, Claire and me. You should take some time. Go check in on her, you know.”
“Hmm, or…” Cas hummed thoughtfully before gently pressing two fingers to Dean’s forehead as he would to heal him.
Frustrated now, Dean paced a few steps away before turning back to her.  “I wish I knew.”
“Look who’s up,” Dean noted with pretended calm as he and Claire joined them.
Cas sighed beside him and leaned against the kitchen counter. “You heard him. He doesn’t think a regular human could deal with this life, and he’s not wrong, Dean…”
Cas looked to him, sliding a hand under his chin as he lifted an eyebrow in amusement. “If you think Sam leaving when he did was a coincidence, you are much more naïve than I’d
Dean’s heart sped in his chest and he tried not to panic at those words, words that had always sent him running for the hills with anyone else. “Love you too, Cas. Stay safe.” He hung up after that and flopped down hard on the bed with the phone clutched to his chest. This was all so new, so scary, so exciting…He’d never felt like this. This sense of rightness, of safety, of security in where they stood. There was no guessing with Cas…and the things that Angel was helping him discover about himself…If anyone had told him as a cocky twenty-something that he’d be exploring his sexuality and a broad spectrum of new kinks in his forties…and all of them with an Angel…Well, they’d have left with a split lip or a black eye. But here he was, his heart fluttering in his chest over those three words from an Angel…Life was weird…but kind of fucking amazing right now. He set his phone down on the nightstand and went to sleep with little trouble, his heart light.
“I’m fine. Just under a lot of stress right now, okay? I just need some air.” Dean stood abruptly and stormed out the back door to stand in the backyard, leaning against the house and suddenly wishing he had the excuse of a cigarette.
“It's a deal, Cas. No sense in Mom and Jack staying if they don’t want I guess. I’ll talk to them after I talk to Lizzie.” Sam immediately turned on his heel and headed back to Lizzie's car and Dean and Cas watched as she got out and smiled at whatever Sam said.
“Oh, certainly not. I’ve been called so many names by the Angels in the month I’ve been gone. Deviant. Freak. Traitor. Rebel…This list goes on…Yet they never seem to turn down my help when they need it. They believe my differences make me dangerous, yet they also believe it makes me strong. Perhaps they are right on both counts. The joke is on them though…because all I really want to do is be left alone with you, like this.” He skated his fingertips along Dean’s side, watching him shiver. “Not so very dangerous after all.”
“Can I sweep in here wiff you?” Jack came in clutching a small, white bear with little pearlescent fabric Angel wings poking out of its back, a brassy halo made of fabric sewn to the top of its head, and a matching fabric harp sewn to its paws.
kind of trouble.” Dean wiggled underneath him, a mixture of anxiety over the thunder in the distance and anticipation from the look in Cas’ eyes.
“Off and on for about a decade. Was kind of a side gig for a few years….” Cas said as he tried to avoid watching the table. He hated the bitter feeling it left him with. He’d thought women hitting on Dean would be the problem here, not young hunters fawning on him like he was Chuck himself.
Lizzie smiled back, her nerves dissipating at Sam's reassurance as she rested her hip gingerly on her red sedan. “So, you don’t think I’m just a freak?”
“I did but...” Cas began but Dean interrupted gently.
Dean seemed to have difficulty a moment, chewing his bottom lip before nodding his head. “I…Yeah, I do.”
Dean’s hand froze, unsure of Cas’ reaction, that is until Cas leaned his head back, his face toward the sun, and groaned. Oh. It was like
“What….
“Hell no. You aren’t staying away that long ever again.”
then? Cas has never possessed
calls you?” Dean lifted an eyebrow in defiance, intentionally bringing up Crowley to push Cas’ buttons. Dean got the reaction he wanted when Cas’ eyes narrowed dangerously. Dean knew he was treading on dangerous territory now but he had to get Cas out of this
“No,” Dean and Cas said at once, shaking their heads in unison. Pretending to be hunting buddies was one thing but neither wanted to pretend to be related.
Once back in his room, Dean shot the towel into his hamper and put the cock cage back on before he chubbed back up. As much as he was frustrated, putting the cage on brought some relief. At least he couldn't be tempted with it on. He was going to win this damn game out of sheer spite now. As he was pulling fresh underwear on, he saw his phone blinking. He lit up the screen to find a missed call from Cas and a text.
“Uhh,” Dean’s mind panicked as he felt her sliding her hand higher up his leg and right before she got to his crotch, his phone rang. He stood up abruptly and snatched it out of his pocket, his own chair falling over in his haste to embrace the escape. Cas’ number was on the screen, but said person sat in the chair listening to Lizzie and the others talk like nothing out of the ordinary was happening, his back to him but his hands obscured in his lap. “Sorry, gotta take this…” Dean mumbled before feigning a conversation with an empty phone line and hanging up. “Sorry Mindy but I gotta run. Cas, gonna need you for this one.” He pointed to his phone and Cas sat his bottle heavily onto the table.
Mary got dodgy at Lizzie’s seemingly innocent questions as she crossed her arms and gave her a steady smile. “We hunt together when we need to. I travel more than the boys do. I’ve got a…friend…who I hunt with when my family isn’t free. I think though…that I need to get my young cousin here back to the hotel. Sam, you want to come with since Dean and Cas took the car? Or Lizzie might could give you a ride if you want to stay a bit longer…”
“Get rid of them and we can be together, forever,” Delaney crooned out and Castiel leaned back on his heels, moving away from her unconsciously. “Kill those men and I will make you mine.” Castiel visibly shook his head then, his eyes flashing blue as his own power fought with hers inside of him. He groaned and held his head before slowly shaking his head again. “No…No. I won’t hurt them. I would
. You
“Will do,” Sam added as he threw his duffle over his shoulder and left, the bunker door clanging shut behind him.
“And who have you told? Does
“He said soon, whatever that means to an Angel. Doesn’t matter. Go see Eileen. Don’t want her dumping your ass and you walking around here sulking.”
. Whether you see it or not…and if our games help you feel even a portion of the
“No buts…well…” Dean bit his lower lip to stifle a childish giggle but Cas’ eyeroll did him in. “I want you to…take me all soft like you do sometimes…and then I want you. Is that…” He trailed off, his insecurities making him feel nervous about his request.
“Fine. I can’t believe you’re making me put on pants,” Dean groaned, a dramatic overacting gesture as he sat up and grabbed them up from the floor. “But if this is a vegetarian or vegan place, I’m out.”
Dean thought unkindly as he stormed back to his bed and flopped down on his stomach, screaming his frustration into the pillow.
“Hey Nelson,” Mary murmured at the scruffy, heavily-muscled and graying man behind the counter.
“Dude, I don’t even know anymore if they were good guys. Chuck said he knew our plans, so I don’t know who to trust... Jody, I trust. We don't need to just dump him off on strangers.”
She looked to Castiel then. “You could just force me to forget like you did with Delaney. Why risk me telling everyone? I wouldn’t fight you, not like I would win if I tried.”
“Dean, please…” Cas said desperately as he kissed down his chest and hit his knees, the shower stream pouring down his back as he pressed his face to his stomach and wrapped his arms around his waist. “Give me this, please. I need to feel anything other than what I am now. I can still feel her influence in my mind like I am not myself. Let me feel something I know is mine. Let me feel you.”
“We’re not that loud…” Dean said with a stone face.
to heed my warning,” Castiel growled out, standing board straight and staring unblinkingly at her.
“And what is it you
“Claire, that’s not true...“ Jody began but Claire waved her off.
is a child…” Jody glanced as Sam came forward. “Why do you two have a child?”
“I will. I have very good motivation to come back safe, now don’t I?” He smiled darkly and winked once, a skill Dean had watched develop and grow over the years from dorky and clumsy to a gesture that made things low in his body jerk to attention as Cas gently closed his door and was gone. The damn Angel was a sexual deviant and Hell if Dean wasn’t along for the fucking ride of his life. He guessed if he didn’t have to sleep and had all that time to come up with ideas he might be the creative one too…
“Drink some water,” Cas said succinctly as he sat down on the bed.
He playfully elbowed Cas, who blinked in surprise before nodding his head in agreement.
“You two, Christ…" Sam grumbled, making an attempt at feigning disbelief after the shock of his brother's plan set in. However, his face soon turned contemplative. "But…if we don’t have any plans, are you two actually not opposed to hanging out for another night?” Sam hedged carefully, gauging their reaction and stealing a glance back to Lizzie to make sure she had not driven off yet.
Cas shook his head, looking grim again. “Sam will absolutely hate that idea…”
“I made that promise under duress. You tricked me,” He said with a face that was trying to remain grumpy but his lips turned up at the corners at Cas smiling down at him.
.” His frown deepened as he shook his head, maintaining the crossed arms of his body language.
“So what’s the plan? I was thinking we could call Jody and see if she’d take him,” Dean began quickly with little preamble.
“I miss you too. I don’t have much time, but I wanted to check in, and since my task for you has been so easy, I am sure you will have no issues if I tell you to wear the cage during the day and take it off at night then. Hmm?”
“Dean?” a small voice whispered in the darkness.
“Hey!” Dean chirped into the phone as he closed his bedroom door and leaned against it heavily.
think it’s a good idea to let him too far out of our sight? Think of the damage he could do in the wrong hands.”
Dean and Cas smiled together now. “Only if we change to a better hotel room,” Cas added abruptly, making Sam laugh with feeling and Dean playfully roll his eyes at him again.
“Deviant…Rebel…I have so many names these days…” Cas stroked him and Dean turned to him, but Cas put a finger to his lips. “Say my name. My
,” Dean snapped, but Claire put a calm hand on his shoulder very briefly, and he reeled in his mood.
The shadow crouched, forcing Cas to look into the last face he’d seen before he’d died. Dean…but this was
Dean let a soft puff of air out of his nose in amusement as he snuggled into his arms. “You were thinking about a
Sam rolled his eyes as he stared at his brother and his best friend with exasperation. “That’s all you took away from that? Look, Mom has Bobby, even if she isn’t calling it what it is. You two have each other. It works because you’re in the life. She’s a civilian. I don’t want a one-night stand, you know? I’m too old for that.”
till I’m back, and If you make it, I’ll make the reward worth the wait. I promise.” The last words were whispered huskily into his ear, and Dean’s dick was already regretting everything. Cas smiled against his cheek like he knew what he was doing to him, the fucker. He pressed their mouths together and Dean was sure his knees would have gone weak if he hadn’t still been in the bed. The Angel kissed him like he would like to consume him if he could and they didn’t part till Dean was seeing stars. This was all still so new, so
“Maybe not, but you
Dean snorted in uncontrolled laughter at his own private joke at her comment and Cas gave him an incredulous warning glare, which Dean flatly ignored. “So, what if we’ve had a little Angel inside of us,” Dean smirked in confidence and amusement, winking at Cas as he sighed in exasperation. Castiel knew it was an act, this bravado, so he didn't correct him. “The amount of Grace left behind is tiny, so I’m told…” He looked to Cas and Sam, who nodded their agreeance.
Dean's eyes fluttered at the pressure and the sudden closeness of him. “That’s not what you said last night. You said I was your good boy.”
“Well, see that’s kinda the thing…” Sam began hesitantly, looking to Dean.
He mirrored Cas’ earlier movements, unzipping his pants and arching his back to take himself out, but unlike Cas’ display of skin, Dean’s view was blue silicone with the silver lock. He angled the camera for the most flattering angle, figuring he could at least tease the sadistic bastard. He snapped several photos, chose his favorite, and sent it, watching the three telltale dots that Cas was typing appear and disappear several times before he finally sent one.
“What’s wrong?” Dean asked immediately, not blind to body language and Cas’ visible discomfort at this specific topic.
After the event was over, many were mingling at their cars in the parking lot. Cas and Dean stood leaning against the hood of the Impala, talking softly and leaning toward one another as a soft breeze picked up. Sam stood near Lizzie at her car a few spots down as others began loading up. The dull roar of cars cranking and groups talking softly was the background music of the moment.
“Dean…”
She came up to Dean and yanked the neck of his shirt down roughly, exposing the chain of his necklace. She wrapped her hands around it and gently tugged up, revealing the small vial of swirling blue grace. “Holy shit you really do…” She whispered softly as she pulled the chain over his head and held it gently in her hand, cradling it as something precious. “What poor Angel did you kill to get this much?” She murmured distantly as she watched it swirl, her eyes watching it hypnotically.
“Cas, I can’t be-“ Dean growled out as he gripped both of his thighs in his hands.
He took the steps quickly and winced a little as the door to the roof squealed. He’d taken enough of a nap that it was late afternoon. Dusk wasn’t yet on them but he could feel the heat of the day waning. Sam didn’t much venture to the roof or Dean might have had to explain the nest at some point…Cas’ nest. It wasn’t an actual nest, but it was what Dean called it. Under an overhang from the higher roof level, Cas had made himself a small retreat. Dean had found it one day when he’d searched all over the bunker for him only to find him sitting quietly, a few blankets piled around him and one draped across his shoulders as he stared up into the night sky. Dean had silently sat down beside him, Cas had thrown the cover over his shoulder…and that had been the beginning of it all. However…Dean was confused. They used the roof as a retreat when they wanted some alone time and there were a lot of guests. Jody and the girls were frequent guests these days…or when Sam was a bit too nosey, but they were very alone in the bunker…
did you get that?” Dean snapped again.
Dean stole another glance to Sam and Lizzie, who were paying them no mind before lacing his fingers with Cas’ as they leaned against the hood of the Impala. “Me either, sweetheart, and I’m tired of keeping you at arm’s length. I’ve gotten spoiled.”
Dean swallowed, abandoning the last bite of his sandwich and pushing the plate away to devote his attention to this conversation. “Kinks like…?”
“Mhm,” Cas hummed again as he gripped Dean’s chin and pressed their mouths together, taking Dean’s lower lip in between his own before sliding his tongue in, opening him up to him, and Dean sighed into his mouth, his body going pliant. God, he was so good at kissing. Dean turned on his side, pressing their fronts together, and put a hand on his naked hip. Cas had definitely given him the Angel equivalent of a Five-Hour Energy because the brush of Cas’ nakedness against his own made little Dean perk right up and grown hard between them.
“I’m not interested in men either,” Dean said with a laugh as Cas turned with a skeptical face. “Just you, dumb ass. I was trying to be romantic…”
“You said a no-no word,” Jack said with a disapproving shake of his head before taking his pencil back up now that he didn’t see Dean as a threat to his bear.
“Yeah, I do,” Dean answered breathlessly as he made slow passes over his dick with shaky hands.
“You’ve always had full use of your limbs before. That may not be the case tomorrow...unless you are opposed. You know your safety will
Castiel nodded as he put his bottle in the sink and stretched his arms above his head. “That is true, but they are not as numerous as male hunters, and Sam isn’t interested in men from my understanding of him.”
Dean truly thought about Cas’ question before answering, putting a palm to his heart. “I…I didn’t hate it. I didn’t
Dean. The cruel sneer, the eyes bright with amusement at his pain. This was not
you, and just for fun, I’m going to break him too.”
Delaney narrowed her eyes and came closer to him as he jutted his chin up to stare at her face in defiant confidence. “And how would you know so much about Grace, hunter?”
“Fuck if I’m complaining,” Dean murmured as he blinked slowly up at him, the post-orgasm endorphins making him feel
“Would you prefer Feathers like
Dean laughed as he crossed his arms over his chest and Cas glared at him with Angelic grumpiness. “Not Cas. He’s not very good at the whole doing-what-he’s-told thing. Never has been.”
?” Dean’s face was bright red. He’d never thought he’d be a blusher but the shit that came out of Cas’ mouth…
“Holy crap you guys…” Lizzie murmured as Castiel came back with the duffel bag of Delaney’s supplies. She sunk down on the bed next to her sister and held her head.
Sam smiled again, softer. “Longer than it’s been officially a thing. It was about as long-distance as it could get for about two years, so they are still in the honeymoon phase, so to speak. I am happy for them though. They danced around it for years.”
“Eh, you were always a little different, but you definitely had a major stick up your ass.” A teasing grin spread across Dean’s face now but Cas shrugged with a defeated smile.
“We get back to the bunker and get Jack settled. Tomorrow you go see Eileen for a few days. Sound good?” Dean offered.
“I didn’t
“We’ll explain everything,” Sam assured her.
“Enough you two. Let’s go pay our respects, have a few beers, and try to have a little fun,” Mary barked out and they all fell silent as they fell into step behind her as she turned and headed in the roadhouse. Dean smiled, thinking it funny how Cas seemed to so often treat Mary as the senior member of the group in respect when he aged her out by...well...a fucking lot. The look on Cas' face now may not have given away the weight of millennia to anyone else, but Dean knew. If anyone in the bar they were walking into had a clue, they’d have been in for a fight, or at least a whole lot of explaining. He absently brushed the front of his shirt to ease his mind that Cas’ grace was tucked safely away under his layers and stole one last love struck look to his ex-angel before plastering on his other persona.
“How many times have ya’ll come back from the dead? Harper said ten times but that’s crazy…” came a comment from another fresh-faced hunter. Dean looked over and Cas suddenly guzzled the remnants of his beer and was looking harried.
Sam studied the two of them, suspicion apparent. “You want to keep him now? Just yesterday-“
She took a deep breath and sighed, disappointed as she glanced at the time on her phone. “I guess I need to go. My sister likes me to check in pretty regularly when I'm around other hunters. I tried to get her to come but she wasn’t “in the mood”,” Lizzie said with air quotes and an eye roll. “She’s not very fun to hunt with sometimes. We aren’t even hitting the road for a day or two because she’s too busy with her studies, but if you guys ever need a hand and I’m in the area…” She looked between her phone and Sam expectantly.
Jack scrunched his forehead and blinked knowingly, dropping his voice to a soft, serious tone...for a three-year-old. “The bad dream pwace. I saw it.”
“No,” Castiel grumbled low as he stared at the shoes. Black work boots with jean legs beginning right above them.
Cas gave him a puzzled look but shook his head as he spoke. “Okay, fine. Please bear in mind, he is nothing like his father…" Cas' face was hesitant now, his eyes wary. "His father is Lucifer.”
“Well,” Dean’s voice was low and raspy already from Cas’ little magic trick. “Since you already topped off my radiator, let’s take it for a drive.
“I’ll let Lizzie drop me off if she’s sure. I’ll text when I’m back in my room.” Lizzie smiled widely at Sam’s staying and Mary gave a half smile of her own.
“You seemed pretty convinced they were legit enough to trust with killing Chuck at the time. Besides, seems right for a semi-supernatural human and an Angel to raise a Nephilim, and if they’ve been together that long, seems like a stable place to raise a kid..” Sam's words faded as he had a thought that he bit back.
Dean found himself glaring at the back of Jack's head now, resentment clawing at his insides. “But he cashed in a deal he’d made with the Empty to save
“Dean…” Cas growled out in warning as Dean stepped them closer to the bed.
Cas slid out his wrist sheath from the duffel he’d brought back, and he strapped it back into place. “Dean, Sam; Your weapons are in the bag as well.” He held the empty bottle his Grace had resided in in his hand as he slid one of his sharp silver blades out and sat on the bed.
Dean’s heart seized up and he forgot how to breathe. Cas had kept it under the pillows…where Dean kept weapons, things to keep himself alive. The Colt. Photos of his mom…Cas had kept a stupid teddy bear he’d given him. “That’s not yours,” Dean snapped, that curl of anger whipping through him again.
“I wanna come on you,” Dean said so bluntly he surprised himself, it slipping out as he came closer. His voice had taken on the deep timbre of a man wanting to mark his property, and Dean wasn’t fucking ashamed of it. Primitive maybe, but the supposedly far more evolved creature below him lit up like a Christmas tree at the idea. He threw his head back and the grip he had on his hips became precarious.
Sam looked to Lizzie as he was crouched behind a chair, trying not to be noticed till he had a plan. “You left a few things out about your sister….” She hissed out and she gave an apologetic look. “You can’t let her do this.”
Lizzie shrugged and watched Cas with continued clinical interest. “Okay I guess I get that…but from all my readings and my sisters’ studies...how are you even like this? Angels are supposed to be calculating, cold, emotionless. You're supposed to follow orders…”
“What are you drawing?” Dean said with a frown.
“So, tomorrow…” Cas began, licking his bottom lip in a nervous gesture. Dean was fairly certain he had picked it up from him, and he gave him an encouraging glance to continue. “You will need a safe word.”
Dean’s eyes widened and he ran his hand over his mouth. “Shit. Cas. Your Grace.”
like that don’t you? None of your hoity-toity Angel friends know anything about that do they, sweetheart? Or when I blow you in the back of the Impala and slide my finger in your….” Cas bucked into his own hand and came, his eyes screwing shut. He bit his lower lip as he marked his shirt with it. Dean, having stroked himself gently as he watched him, threw his free fist up to his mouth and bit down while squeezing the base of his dick with the other to stop from coming. When he was fairly in control of himself he sighed out, “Now that’s beautiful,” as he watched Cas lay his head back. Meanwhile, his dick was tenting the comforter in frustrated distress.
The days stretch on and Dean struggles to succeed, and Cas doesn't help with his own needs.
“Dean…” Cas began patiently, his hand reaching for Dean's in an attempt at comfort.
child?” She looked to Castiel who shook his head but couldn’t help the spill over of his pride for Jack.
“Sure, if you’re willing?” Lizzie held her hand out and Cas sighed softly and complied, wondering if the lines in his hand would tell his story...or Jimmy Novak's. he buried the nervousness down in the face of Dean's enthusiasm. Lizzie dove in quickly as she studied him. “I usually start with the heart line. The location of yours indicates you are satisfied with your current romantic situation; however it stands. It’s depth and shape also indicate you can be jealous and also have a tendency to disregard authority.” Dean choked on his soda and Cas shot him a look that Lizzie again missed as she studied his hand more. Dean shrugged in a silent apology as he wiped the soda from his chin with the back of his hand. “Your life line starts out shallow, which typically indicates a life controlled by others but it deepens here, which means that aspect of your life is in the past. However, It suddenly forks dramatically here which shows a huge life change occurred, perhaps a change in careers or your life path. Does that make sense to you in some way?”
if I asked,” Dean quipped back, feeling his heart race under in his chest, knowing baiting him was a tricky game.
Jody smiled, her motherly nature radiating in her smile to Dean. “You did a
“Meet me on the roof,” Cas growled out before kissing his neck, undoubtedly leaving a hickey and exiting the kitchen toward the bedrooms. Dean leaned against the table and took a breath. The chemistry was something he couldn’t define. Before, when they’d tried to ignore their feelings, it had been an almost painful ache to deny it. The smallest of touches had been electric even in their briefness…and he’d thought the resolved tension would have made things calmer between them…but no. If anything, it had fanned the flames. He’d have thought they were in the “honeymoon phase”, except they’d been the softly bickering, nagging, fighting couple for a long time now…just without the benefit of sex. Now, they were the same nagging, bickering, couple…just a lot fucking hornier.
“On your back.”
‘I mean, it’s not that interesting…” Dean said as he looked to the others for an escape route. Jack, Cas, and Mary were no help as they eyed the group.
made their way back to the bedroom, but only for lazy cuddling as Cas held Dean against him, whispering softly to him as he faded in and out of sleep, his body exhausted even after the nap earlier.
“I wish things were that simple, but for now, yes,” Cas answered honestly, and Dean, not for the first time, wished they
“Yes?” Mary said at the group, her eyebrow raised in question even as the group all but skimmed over her.
Castiel stood between the bed and the bathroom, almost wringing his hands as he chose his words carefully. “They had a rough upbringing…It’s not my story to tell but even I feel sympathy, even when she wanted to….”
is the reason Cas is dead.”
“How long?” Lizzie said as she watched them.
Dean felt a wave of queasiness overwhelm him at his own memories of being possessed, answering abruptly. “Fair point.”
raising Jack. Claire is…You know. There’s kind of a family relationship there and it just seems…right, you know?”
“Holy shit…I’ve heard of you,” Delaney said as she caressed a hand across his face. “Wouldn’t you like to stay with me? Be mine to command.” Dean charged forward but she threw a hand up, freezing him in place. He jerked his legs, but they acted as if they were glued to the floor.
Delaney suddenly laughed cruelly with disbelief, dragging her eyes away from the prize in her palm. “Oh, I’m sure you showed such mercy. Hunters don’t know how to do anything but kill, but don’t worry. Once I can combine my powers with this…I’ll be strong enough to be able to take revenge on all those who died only for being different than you.”
find each other, Cas, even if it takes us a little bit. You hold onto that. What we have is stronger than anything they try to throw at us. We’ve proven it, and I swear I’ll never let someone part us like that…" Dean gently leaned away and tugged him toward the bed. "Now come on, let’s get a few hours of rest. You know I need my beauty sleep.” Dean tried to smile but he was tired and Cas’ fears made it not reach his eyes.
“Come on, Cas. Answer…” Dean growled out. Or don't...He was good either way. He bounced on the balls of his feet as it rang the first time with no answer. As he was listening to it ring a second time, he heard the bunker door open again. He didn’t want to hang up and worry Cas if he did answer so he held it to his ear as he went to see what Sam had left. “Sammy? Eileen get tired of you before you could even get on the road?” As he stepped into the war room, he looked up at the top of the stairs as a phone rang from above him white the phone continued to ring in his ear. Oh…“Cas.” That one word embodied every bit of frustration and longing he’d been feeling for the time he’d been gone as he looked up and saw Castiel looking down at him, his phone ringing in his pocket. Without looking, Dean hung up his phone and tossed it onto the map table and suddenly Cas was on him. His hips were pressed back into the table as he had an Angel in his arms, like the best fucking magic trick ever. Suddenly every part of him that had been taut with frustration and longing was singing at their closeness as Cas’ lips found his, and if he wasn’t mistaken, Cas felt about as desperate as he did. Cas’ hands were everywhere at once, liking he'd grow a few extra since he'd been gone. One hand slid under his shirt at the front, splayed out possessively over his chest and stomach, while the other snaked under the tail of his shirt and rested at the small of his back. His lips seemed to steal the very breath from his body as he kissed him, his tongue sliding into his mouth with practiced ease…and Dean’s body and mind relented, whispering…Finally. Thank fuck.
“So, what, you gonna keep topping me off like a leaky radiator to keep me coming?”
“And you didn’t tell me yours was a dark witch. I’d say I get a pass here,” Sam said with a shrug, not arguing with Dean’s threat. He felt the same. He watched Cas and Dean turn to one another and talk quietly, Cas urging Dean to remain calm, his hand on his shoulder in a comforting gesture.
Dean shrugged as he tiredly kicked off his boots and sat heavily down on the bed, exhaustion and the adrenaline running out making him feel so weary. “I don’t know. She seems to be able to roll with the punches, which is a plus in her favor…but her sister is a fucking wackadoodle.”
“You malfunctioning, old man?” Claire asked as she stepped around the corner of the house, having come out of the front door.
He could hear Cas' tone in his head. Could visualize the lift of his eyebrow that would tell him he wasn't funny. His heartbeat sped up just a little imagining the thrill of Cas' stillness as he would study him if he'd dared to say that to his face.
Dean glared at the phone before aggressively typing out a text and lying on his stomach on the bed, glaring at the screen.
The next morning, Dean walked into the kitchen to find Jack sitting on the floor with several pieces of white printer paper and a pencil gripped in his chubby hand. He was “drawing” squiggly circles and wobbly happy faces where he pushed down too hard and the paper tore, the little bear sitting right by his leg. When Jack saw Dean he quickly dropped his pencil and snatched up the bear before tilting his head to look at him. Dean bit his tongue and turned to his brother, who was busy cooking.
Cas brushed his hand along the stubble on his cheek and bumped their foreheads together. “I know you can do it, and you will like what I give you for being so good for me. Now, I really do have to go. I will check in soon.”
Dean shook his head, rolling his eyes as he did so. “Your too damn nice for your own good.”
with it. They both knew what they were doing. They both made their own choices to save the ones they lov-.”
It had started as a joke…an offhanded comment from Cas about how Dean wouldn’t be able to last a day without touching himself while he was gone. Dean admitted he might have played himself into a corner with his arrogant attitude. The moment he’d waved off Cas’ comment, he’d seen his Dom brow go up in challenge and that was the moment he should have known he was screwed.
“I get it, I do. With Michael in my head…You know how that was for me…Yeah, I get it,” Dean stroked his fingers through Cas’ hair and made soothing, nonsensical noises in his ear.
The considered hmmm Cas let out didn't sound at all chastised. “Wouldn’t you if you were stuck in an unpleasant situation?”
Dean stole a glance to Cas, his mind forcing him to relive the last time he'd been forced to build and light a similar pyre…Cas' pyre. He unwillingly and vividly remembered the sun rising as he carried Cas’ limp body into the house, bridal style, and laying his dead weight onto the cleared off dining table. Even with Cas' warm hand clasped in his own in the here and now, he could still feel the coldness of Cas’ skin against his hands as he wrapped him and dressed his body…and he remembered not wanting Sam’s help to hoist him onto the pyre but conceding because it was all but impossible alone. No one, not even Cas, knew that he’d left one shaky kiss to his knuckles, tears sliding down his cheeks and leaving wet spots on Cas’ sleeve before he’d been able to finally wrap him up that day. He’d been full of regret then for words left unsaid…and he felt more than lucky to have been given this second chance now. The luckiness he felt should have felt out of place in the setting they were in, but he couldn't stifle his gratefulness even as he watched the hunter's body burn, darkening the sky in an ominous dark cloud. Mary’s face was just as somber, perhaps remembering how many hunters she led to a pyre of their own against her will. Jack, one of the youngest faces in the crowd today, stood soberly, perhaps remembering watching his first father figure burn before he’d ever met him in his first days of life, he and Dean's shared trauma. Lizzie stood with them, as her sister had still not appeared to join her for this event. She was rightfully solemn, her face reflecting on her own inner pain and memories alone as everyone around her did the same.
“Eileen is
.” Dean spoke with conviction, holding him against him, wishing he could protect him. Cas shuddered and leaned his head back to rest on his shoulder. Dean nuzzled him comfortingly and kissed his warm, wet cheek. It was meant as a soft, sweet gesture with no sexual intent behind it, but Cas turned abruptly and pressed them together against the shower wall, holding Dean’s face in his hands as he kissed him, his lips trembling and hungry. Dean’s arms slid to wrap around his waist, but he pulled his face away gently. “Cas, I’m not sure this is a good idea right now…”
Cas sighed and rolled his eyes while bending down to cradle Delaney's limp form in his arms. As Dean protested, they were all suddenly in a hotel room much like their own. Cas laid the sleeping Delaney on one of the beds as Dean stumbled to catch himself on the wall, his body not loving the sudden transport. As they all got their bearings and she was assured of Delaney's stability, Lizzie’s curiosity outweighed her concern. She chewed on her bottom lip as she looked at Castiel, questions weighing heavily on her tongue.
Suddenly her eyes widened in a mixture of excitement, hope, and fresh horror. "Do you…do you think he’s
Cas smiled proudly, flashing teeth as he laughed. “She and I make a very good team. Your brother is very lucky.”
Mary’s forehead scrunched and her eyes narrowed unhappily. “Another story I haven’t been told, but now’s not the time, I guess. I’ve been gauging the feel of the community. No one knows or suspects my involvement in…those things. Everything is fine. Come on. Let’s get you guys checked in and then we can go to Nelson’s.”
“NO!” Delaney screamed in disbelief as the Grace left her.
Dean groaned dramatically again as Cas left the bed in a sudden burst of energy that he didn’t feel. He did however wake up more as he watched him walk across the room naked to retrieve his clothes. He was tired, not dead after all. He watched Cas grab running shorts and a t-shirt from some of the newer clothes they’d had to go buy recently. Turns out when one is used to not getting dirty or hot or cold they aren’t used to needing so much clothing. The first hot day had seen Cas hang up the trench coat for the summer and trade in his thick dress pants in for jeans, something Dean was not complaining about at all. However, running shorts were not part of either of their repertoire…until now. However, when Cas pulled on underwear and then the running shorts...they showed off his thighs and Dean licked his lips, trying to stay focused on his complaining.
Cas frowned and worry lines formed on his forehead and creased the sides of his mouth. “You’ve been asking for something I’ve been hesitant to do…And out here is the only space large enough to do it.”
Dean nodded as his eyes fell to the tattoo as well, not needing Castiel to finish his thought to know time was of the essence. “Yeah, we gotta move. Lizzie, is this something you can help with? If not, we need to call Rowena, like now.”
Dean:
“I want…” He hesitated, running fingers through Cas’ hair. “I want you to blow me,” Dean said in a pained whisper like he wasn’t sure how Cas would react. Should he have said please or formed it as a question? Apparently not, because as soon as Cas got confirmation of what Dean wanted, a satisfied smile pulled at the corner of his pink lips right before he moved those selfsame lips to kiss along the taut flesh of his erection.
Lizzie shrugged and shook her head at Dean’s request, looking at Cas with considerable interest still. “No thanks. We’re just talking about Auras.”
“Better make it worth it…” Cas quirked an eyebrow as he slid his pants down and off.
help.” Dean frowned and lifted an eyebrow of his own in accusation as Cas smiled sheepishly.
“You think that was
.” He immediately grew erect as Cas’ fingers wrapped around him and the tiredness of moments ago was swept away.
“We ready to hit the road?” Dean said with a look between Sam and Lizzie as his brother walked over. “We can wait you know…another night. Or two.”
His eyes shone with defiance and deep, timeless knowledge as he locked eyes with her. If she'd known what she was peering into, she'd have had the sense to be afraid. “I told your sister I’d had a few run-ins with Angels, but I’d actually consider myself an expert on the subject. It won’t work the way you want it to.” He barely blinked as he stared up at her, his jaws flexing in tension.
“Just didn’t sleep very good. Got a headache. I'm all good...Anyway, Claire here has volunteered to come back to the bunker with us and help watch Jack.”
?” Cas scoffed. “You’ve earned far more reward than that.”
He was over it. He was over Cas being gone. He was over sleeping alone. He was over Sam looking at him like he was crazy. He was over waking up pitching a tent in his pants with no Cas there to grip him tight and raise him from perdition. The game had been fun and he still wanted to do it right, but he was ready for it to be over. He was ready to see Cas. When he stripped off his nightclothes, his dick bobbed up and pointed up at him like an exclamation point to his feelings.
. That immediate gratification of a finger sliding against it was a totally different pleasure than his dick. One finger was good. Two was
“I’ll do what I please, little Angel. You and your little half-breed mutt child have caused me enough problems. Dean will suffer
“I let her…you know…” Cas couldn’t even bring himself to say the words, instead putting his fingers to his lips, his eyes looking lost. “It was like I was in a fog and I couldn’t escape it…I'm sorry.”
“The prostate is such an interesting thing,” Cas pondered academically as he grabbed a tissue from Dean’s nightstand and wiped his fingers on it. “It is a completely different type of orgasm, yet deeply ingrained homophobia has so many men missing out. It’s a shame really.”
“Are you trying to make me jealous now? Or bait me with your brattiness?” Cas' glare was something to behold. All righteous fury that made Dean ready to be consumed by it.
“Your…fault…” Cas panted out. “Fuck,” he growled out with feeling as he clumsily grabbed for Dean’s dick and pumped him with his hand.
of loving a Winchester." He hesitated a moment, involuntarily gauging Dean's reaction to his words. "She had been wanting Sam to come over for two weeks, but apparently he was worried about how odd
to.” Cas understood immediately, letting himself be drug down to the edge of the bed as Dean crawled off and stood. He lifted Cas’ legs again as he abruptly slid back in, ripping a pleasured moan from him. He immediately began snapping his hips forward roughly, their skin slapping together in the otherwise silent room, and Cas, for all his previous domineering, was beautifully pliant when Dean got like this. No arguing. No battling for dominance. It wasn’t necessary, because they were both chasing the same goal. Dean panted out as he rammed into him with fervor. Cas, thanks to his Angelic constitution, was already hard again, his dick bumping against his stomach as Dean fucked him. He quickly grabbed Dean’s wrists, locking their bodies together in an infinity loop of tanned and freckled skin. Dean’s muscles flexed and strained, sweat beading on his forehead and the small of his back, and he drank down the sweet sound of Cas’ sex whimpers like they were water. That gravelly tone always seemed to slip away when Dean had him…and he sounded so fragile…so human, but not to be fooled for long, Dean felt Cas grip his wrists with his supernatural strength, surely leaving a bruise tomorrow...before he let go of one hand and gripped his own dick while Dean continued to crash their bodies together. Cas arched his back and clenched himself around him as he began fucking into his own hand, and the sight of him falling apart and their bodies joined together snapped something in Dean's exhausted brain.
“Then it’s settled…I guess…” Sam still looked between Dean and Claire with suspicion but Jack pulled his attention with a childish little roar he mimicked of the T-Rex, patting Sam’s leg to play.
“Wait,” Dean took the blade from Cas, who frowned. “You’ll do it more dramatic than necessary. Let me do it…”
Sam sighed, Dean's noise a distraction to his actual research. “Right…Why don’t you go watch a movie or something?”
in his seat. There was a thrill and a fear in the idea of being truly seen. For someone to know him as Cas did and still be here…Well, it surprised the Hell out of him to be honest. They stared a beat too long for normal conversation’s sake and Dean’s tongue gently snaked out to wet his lips as they leaned in as if pulled together by magic. What they had
“We don’t know that. He could be at a peace. He deserves that, doesn’t he?” That was the only argument Sam had come up with that had given Dean pause, making Dean's emotions even more torn.
Cas quirked a doting smile and squeezed Dean's hand with his own. “Well, we’re getting a couple more days of quiet, alone time in a non-disgusting hotel room. You can keep me much closer than arm’s length if you’d like…clothing optional.”
“I don’t remember that.” Sam looked to Dean for confirmation, and he kicked back in his chair.
Cas and Dean make it back to their room after the night's events, but they didn't come out unscathed.
. Beds are not exclusive for that. The shower, the roof, the backseat of the Impala, outside in the dirt like animals…the possibilities
,” Dean gasped out as Cas slid his hand down and grasped their soap slick dicks together, and began stroking them. Immediately, they both began thrusting into Cas’ hand and Dean groaned out, throwing his head back against the shower wall. Cas leaned in and kissed him deeply, possessively, his tongue sliding dominatingly into his mouth and tasting him. The water spray angled down Cas' back but continued to spatter along Dean's face, dripping down Cas' dark hair in an unbroken river.
Dean jumped on the topic change like a drowning man thrown life preserver. “Well…the funeral is only about three hours from us. We’ve always avoided big gatherings because they tend to get rowdy and dad didn’t much care for them but…” Dean let his train of thought fade out as he looked to Cas.
“Do you remember the Empty, Jack?”
"What do you mean?" Dean shot him a look, a grin on his face to cover his confusion...knowing Sam was suspicious.
“Hi!” came a perky voice that did not belong in this setting. Cas turned and found a woman staring at him with eager, brown eyes. She had straight auburn hair that danced along the lines of brown more than red. It was pulled up in a low ponytail and she had wirerimmed glasses framing her wide eyes. She had numerous necklaces on, one overlapping another with beads, stones, and chains intermingling. Her outfit was nothing as elaborate as her necklace situation. She had layered a purple hoodie over a basic v neck tee in maroon and dark blue jeans. The outfit actually looked functional and comfortable from the glance Cas gave them. He only had a moment to process before she was all but shoving her hand in his face to shake it. “I’m Liz. Well, my name’s actually Elizabeth but everyone calls me Liz or Lizzie.”
Dean glared as she loomed over Cas, his heart beating harder as she looked down at him with displeasure. Even with her small frame, he couldn’t count her out, especially considering they were all three tied securely. His instincts screamed at him to get her away from Cas. His mouth started moving before he even knew what he'd say, talking being his only weapon to delay whatever she had planned. “What’s your play? You can’t become an Angel by having their Grace or, you know, we’d all be Angels with the lingering Grace you claim to see.”
“Oh, it’s a laugh a minute…” Dean murmured as he sat down on the other side of the table from Cas in the only empty seat, wetting his lips mindlessly as Cas grazed him with his eyes. “Anyway,” Dean tore his eyes from Cas in what he hoped was subtle but from the foot he felt stomp on him from Sam…it wasn’t.
Dean stuck out his bottom lip in a pout he would have denied in person. Cas wasn't wrong. He was being a bit of an asshole...and his long string of past sexual partners was one of Cas' insecurities. Not in a slut shamey way either. Cas didn't judge him for his choices. Actually, it had been the opposite. In the beginning, he had been unconvinced he could satisfy Dean because he lacked sexual experience of his own. Dean felt his face flush in shame at throwing Cas' insecurity at him because he'd woken up in a bad mood. He sat there looking at his phone, trying to decide how to apologize properly. Cas had made it clear he didn't want to be gone from him any more than Dean wanted him gone. There was a fine line between being bratty and being mean, and he was stepping all over that line.
, but you know I don’t respond to taunting.” Cas leaned in and brushed Dean’s chin with the pad of his thumb. “But since you seem to be
A new voice breezed through him, a cool wind to his burning rage. A voice he’d know anywhere. Cas. They’d had this conversation before.
“No, no I’m still good,” Dean answered softly as Cas lifted his left leg up and nestled closer to him.
witch just played with my head just as Rowena and Naomi did…I just can’t do it anymore. I don't want to be anyone's puppet.”
“When are you coming home?” Dean asked abruptly before Cas could tack on more time.
have to be awake, I’m going to spend every
Sam's eyes widened and his face flushed in anger, whisper shouting so as not to scare Jack. “Goddamnit, Dean! This isn’t something you can just surprise her with. You know she lost a child…”
magic because suddenly Dean was in Cas’ lap, thighs on either side of the chair, with warm hands sliding under his boxers to grip his ass while they attempted to consume one another with their lips. Cas’ tongue slid across the edge of his teeth and hummed in controlled excitement as Dean ground against his lap. Suddenly the world tilted and the chair tipped but instead of ending up on the floor, Dean found himself pressed against the dining table before the chair could even clang loudly against the bunker floor. Dean’s chest heaved as Cas swooped in and caught his lips with his own again, resting his hands on either side of the table, caging him in…Dean wanted to laugh. Like he was fucking
“I’m yours,” Dean moaned out before biting his lip as the orgasm that had been brewing below the surface washed over him hard. His body tensed and he reached his arms back to wrap around Cas’ neck as he came. “Fuck Cas! I’m
Dean yawned and kissed Cas’ neck clumsily. “Okay Casanova, but lemme get a little nap in first. Not all of us have a supernatural rebound and I haven’t been sleeping good. Had the weirdest dreams…” he added offhandedly, not expecting to feel Cas tense underneath him.
“What's going on? One day you’re wanting Jack gone. Now, Claire’s coming back with us and you’re fine with Jack staying, and now you’re fine with you and Claire watching him while I go see Eileen. What’s really going on?” Sam looked between them but Dean and Claire said nothing, fighting any words that would damn their newfound mission. The silence, however, became suspicious on its own and Dean fought to find the right thing to say.
“What do you miss?”
“You’re worried about him being off on his own, huh? I’m sure it’s hard with you two being so newly together. This is the first time he’s gone off without you, right, without him asking you to come?”
“Cas…” Dean groaned in dismay as they pulled up in front of the restaurant they’d been given the address for to meet them. It looked new age and had a salad worked into their actual logo plastered on the front window. He parked the car and got out with a look of trepidation on his face, his nose wrinkled in distaste as Cas joined him.
if you touch him, it will be the last thing you do…” Dean growled out as he struggled with his ropes again, the zip ties biting into the skin of his wrists to the point of breaking the skin. The panic was bubbling up inside him as he watched her step beside him, syringe in hand.
“Maybe not, but getting pulled over by the cops for having an unrestrained toddler in the car isn’t exactly ideal for either of us,” Sam answered back rationally.
“That’s Cas’ bear. I gave it to him. It’s not his,” Dean said low and angrily as he scowled.
“What will I hate?” Sam asked as he entered the library. He tossed the car key to Dean. “And the fridge is stocked for the week. Your turn next time,” Sam added as he leaned against one of the pillars.
“I’d like that too, Sam, a lot,” Lizzie said with a soft smile as she tucked her hair behind her ears shyly. “It was really nice to meet you and your family.”
we cared. Even if neither of us is good at saying it. He knew we were both emotionally repressed assholes, and he liked us anyway.”
“You don’t have to do that!” Dean yelled as she sunk the needle in without any care, and Cas gritted his teeth, muffling the pained groan that escaped him. “I have a vial of Grace! It’s literally around my neck right now. STOP!” Dean screamed harshly in desperation as she sunk the needle deeper in Cas’ neck with abandon. She stopped and turned to look at him; the needle still frozen in Cas’ neck. Dean’s face was flush, and his eyes were wild as he nodded, hopeful by her attention. “It’s true. A whole vial of it. Just…stop hurting him, please.”
-----
“Well in that case,” Cas began moving his fingers across Dean’s stomach, ghosting along his belly button. “Your reward is still continuing for being so…
Delaney’s eyes narrowed but one eyebrow lifted in interest now. “You know what this is?”
I can’t go back.”
“I mean, no, but do we look like parent material to you?” Dean gestured between him and Sam while Sam gave Jody an apologetic look as he rubbed circles along Jack's back.
…” murmured Cas as it made a beeline for him. His head jerked up involuntarily, straining the muscles of his throat as the Grace forced its way inside, his back arching off the chair and his limbs straining against the restraints. His eyes threw open and burned a bright blue as his core began to glow with a painfully bright ethereal light. “Your eyes!” Castiel shouted out and Dean and Sam tucked their heads to their shoulders as the room erupted with the bright white light just before what felt like an explosion of pure energy erupted from him. The dead bulbs above their heads flickered and sparked back to life only to shatter and explode in a shower of glass shards, the remaining few window panes blew out, and every object not tied down flew across the room in an invisible wind, not stopping till they hit a wall. Dean and Sam's chairs skidded away from Cas but never toppled over, a small miracle in itself. As the light dimmed, the men looked over and Cas stood, the ropes and zip ties falling easily from his arms as the shadow of his wings loomed terrifyling behind him.
“Today is your reward. Nothing is too much trouble if it’s what you want.”
“Magic fingers, huh?” Cas grinned as he gripped Dean under his ribs. “After this, you should take a break for your human needs. Food, water, rest. We aren’t under a time restraint.”
it, Cas...I could have killed her myself, rough upbringing or not, she doesn't get to
At least Dean he wasn’t going crazy, knowing this was just a memory.
“And yet here you are,” Cas grinned as he leaned against the headboard as well and pulled Dean against him. Dean easily fell into their old patterns, laying his head on his shoulder.
Dean kissed his neck and brushed their noses together. “What can I say, Cas? I’m only human.”
“Why are we up here?” Dean cut straight to the point as he crossed his arms over his chest, feeling exposed even though there was no one around except them and the late afternoon sky.
“Dean, what are you
Dean couldn't help but glance down at himself at Cas' words. Just his damn voice was sending signals to his dick and he did NOT plan to lose this contest. “What? No. No strain. I’m great. How are you?”
friend too, you know. I need someone to commiserate with on the
Sam was waiting outside, leaned against the hall wall. “So, what? We’re gonna raise a child now?”
to offer him. To see his wings. He’d been asking for weeks. This sudden insecurity on Cas’ part was infuriating…but slightly understandable considering their history.
“It’s used to extract Grace from a host,” Cas spoke up immediately to get her attention off of Sam, using Dean's tactic to divert the danger away. “I have used a similar instrument before.”
A young man with pin straight chestnut hair and an honest to God dimple spoke for the group. “Is what the others here are saying true? Are you two really Sam and Dean Winchester?” He had eyes only for Dean and Sam as he spoke, making the two men squirm.
you. I couldn't see you.”
The sound of knives pinging into targets led Dean to the long, skinny storage room they’d converted into a knife range for Cas when they’d discovered he had an affinity for it. Cas had always turned his nose up at guns and much preferred his Angel blade, but without a trench coat to conceal it, it was a bit conspicuous. Dean had been reminded of how well Cas threw the blade and had suggested trying to melt one down into throwing daggers. The idea had intrigued Cas and well…he was damn good with them.
echoed Cas’ voice in his head
“Look, Sam, I didn’t sign up for this. I raised you and I raised myself. Hell, I helped raise Ben for a year, but this kid? He’s not our responsibility.” Dean shot a glance to Jack, who was looking between him and Sam, his lower lip stuck out slightly.
She glanced inside again before asking, “Is Sam hearing him?”
Dean didn’t have to be told twice. He immediately grabbed the hem of his t-shirt and pulled it over his head, letting it fall to the floor, quickly followed by his belt and jeans. He was about to pull down his boxer briefs when Cas stood and laid the flat of his hand up to rest on Dean’s stomach, stilling him before getting onto his knees, leaving him dumbstruck. Dean was so strung out that Cas' hand on his stomach would have had him hard…if not for the
Lizzie shook her head, her jaw set. “I won’t. I’m stronger than I look…and I understand that going in…but I feel this…you know…connection…” She looked to Sam, who gave her a sympathetic smile but he looked to his brother and Cas.
“Worth it…” Cas said as he shuddered under Dean’s hand. “You’re always worth it.”
Sam frowned, lifting an eyebrow at Dean's surly attitude. “Uh, okay. Any word on when Cas is coming home?”
Dean, Sam, and Cas stood in the kitchen, all three red faced and drinking water. Sam chuckled to himself. Dean stood, leaning his hip against the counter, with his other hand clutching his side. His face was flushed all the way to his neck line and the sweat running down his back had plastered his shirt to him. Cas, meanwhile, seemed a bit more composed but he was nursing the water bottle like it might take Dean's place in his heart and his hair was plastered to his head in a sweaty mess of its own.
Cas was shaking his head before she could finish her thought, interrupting her abruptly. “They won’t combine. They are from three different sources. Grace
“You know I may still extract that Grace from
“I know,” Dean smirked in satisfaction as he put an arm behind his head.
--------------------------------
“I’m the jerk? You stormed off as soon as the kiddie table showed up,” Dean said with a forceful whisper that was unnecessary as their voices were all but drowned out by the noise within.
Cas’ answer came quickly this time.
“Dude, please tell me we got a case,” Dean growled out, hoping for any distraction at this point, even a bloody one.
. Of course, I miss him, and I appreciate his sacrifice. Because of him…”
Dean stood, rubbing his wrists as he fumbled for any weapon he might still have on him. Which was none. Fuck. He clenched his fists, the only weapons he still had. “That’s absolutely not gonna happen,
“Shit. That hadn’t even crossed my mind. We’re so isolated from everyone else and we haven’t really had to worry about public perception much…not that I care.” Dean scratched his neck, a telltale sign of his discomfort and Cas sighed.
“I’m not the interesting one I assure you.” Cas said as he caught Dean watching him from the corner of his eye, his green eyes studying him in a way that made him feel very exposed.
“Sometimes that’s up for debate. I wouldn’t worry so much but with Cas gone-Damn it, I’m sorry…” Jody threw her palm over her mouth, trying to stop the words before they came out but failing.
“Okay. Okay…okay.” Lizzie put her hands on her legs and drummed her fingers before looking up at the three of them. “If that’s the stuff you’re willing to tell me, you must have some crazy shit you won’t.”
“We’re both lucky.” Dean laid his head back down on Cas’ arm and closed his eyes, tiredness catching up with him. Hell, he’d come three times in the last thirty minutes…”This was a very nice reward.”
“Cas! Sam! Dean!” Jack said excitedly as they opened the doors to the Impala. Jack was there before the engine shut off, offering to help unload their bags.  “Your rooms are on a different floor. Apparently, the whole place is crawling with hunters. That’s what Mary said anyway,” Jack said as Cas smiled at him and they embraced.
As they continued talking softly to one another, none of them felt the eyes on them from outside, concealed in the darkened parking lot. Whispered, ancient magic revealed to those same eyes that all three of the men at the table glowed with an inner light…traces of retained Grace. Very interesting…and very useful to their purposes indeed. Perhaps their time had not been completely wasted coming here after all.
. He was important to Castiel so he’s, you know, important to me.”
he is?”
What started as a smirk on Dean's face slid quickly away as his body responded to Cas' statement. He licked his lips and drew a blank on how to respond to that. He'd thrown him for a loop with his quick conversation segue, just like in real life...and though Cas was cocky about it, he wasn't fucking wrong...And just like in real life, Cas knew when he was stalling.
Mary walked up then and eyed Castiel sheepishly. “I was going to tell you guys about it in a bit. We had plenty of help, with all the hunters in town.” Her voice was guarded, having had this argument with Castiel several times before. Cas sighed and nodded, choosing not to argue as Dean squeezed his hand before letting go to grab his bag.
“Why didn’t you call me about it?” Accusation came out heavily in his tone and Claire became immediately defensive.
“Jack,” the Shadow sneered again with Dean’s voice, saying his voice like to left a bad taste in his mouth. “I kept him safe from your God. I did as Death asked, and what do I get out of the deal? Just
Lizzie’s eyes grew wide and she smiled nervously. “I’m Lizzie. I mean, my name’s Elizabeth but everyone calls me Lizzie or Liz. You’re Dean Winchester, right? You’re all they’re talking about in here now.” She stuck a hand out similarly to how she’d done Cas earlier. Dean shook it but he was tense, and it was uncomfortably obvious.
Cas, equally as exposed in only his underwear, lifted an eyebrow at his tone. “I thought you might want…You seem agitated. We can go back inside.” He immediately backpedaled on what he was going to offer and that intrigued Dean.
different. Dean let out an audible gasp as Cas let his wings show, large enough to cast a shadow over him where he sat. Cas hadn’t lied. They
“I’m not as strong as her…” Lizzie whispered nervously as she shook head. Sam looked around for anything that could be used as a weapon. The floor was littered with shards of broken glass. He could send Cas away if needed to get him away from her…He searched for a piece to do the job until a better idea came along.
“Did you pray to him, I mean, directly?”
"No, not yet," Cas spoke softly, regretfully, with a frown and Dean abruptly woke up, groaning. Goddamnit it. Even dream Cas was in on the damn game. When he fully awoke he found himself clutching at the comforter like it was a body, his legs wrapped around it, and he kicked it off in disgusted frustration.
“This
Dean crossed his arms over his chest and rolled his eyes, shrugging off Sam's stare.“The dude fought monsters for a living. Of course I worshipped him.”
“I uh…” Dean stuttered out, scratching the back of his neck, unsure of how to answer.
Another young hunter piped up. “I mean, ya’ll really take on Angels and Demons? We see mostly ghouls, vamps, wraiths. Kid’s stuff.”
“I miss him too, kid, but we’re okay. He’d want us to be okay…” Dean murmured. However, somewhere deep inside of him, the voice of his anger hissed through.
Dean turned, surprise apparent on his face, but he was cautious. People had been put away for less than what he was experiencing. “What do you mean?”
“Yeah yeah, we’re a bunch of mud monkeys. I remember,” Dean grumbled as he sleepily ran his fingers through his hair. He caught Cas staring as he flexed his arms over his head. He could see genuine regret in his eyes since he was dressed to leave already. “Like what you see?” Dean said with a grin as Cas took an unintended step back into the bedroom. Dean thought he had him on the hook.
“Sorry…what’s your name?” Dean attempted to gently brush her hand away, but she instead doubled down and ran the other hand on Cas’ leg while clamping her hand a bit tighter on his thigh.
. It wasn’t like every brush of it against the table as he stood or unzipping to take a piss reminded him that Cas owned it for the next few weeks. Nah. Easy mode.
“Promises, promises…” Cas murmured before he gave Dean a soft kiss on the cheek before he let him lead him to the bedroom to pack.
were acting.” Cas grinned now. “I told her when I planned to return and she decided to kick it up a notch to get Sam to come see her. Your little temper tantrum as I was waiting for Sam to leave made things a bit more difficult…But Eileen getting Sam to her house is what you’d call a win-win for all of us.”
"Where have you been?" Dean barked out in accusation before Cas captured his mouth with his own and swallowed down any other attempt at speech.
Cas sighed now, and Dean could feel the eye roll over the phone. “I’d be better if you were here. Or preferably I was there. I had forgotten how insufferable other Angels are compared to your company.”
Jody let out a sigh but knew when not to argue with Claire. “You guys can crash here but I don’t have a crib or anything.“
!” Cas said with a strangled groan as Dean immediately and eagerly did what he asked. The sound of flesh slapping violently together made Dean very glad they were alone. “Right
“Well, I mean…” Dean rubbed the back of his neck nervously. “You’re a great mom.”
Ever reasonable, Sam replied. “I know it may seem that way to you. I know you all have no memory of the time gap, but it’s been longer for us.”
Cas’ shoulders rolled in again as he shivered at Dean’s soft touch. “I rescued the righteous man from Hell. It could not leave me untouched.”
Dean and Cas turned to look at her in disbelief at her boldness, leaving Sam to crease his forehead and pull his mouth into a tight line. “Lizzie, that’ a little more than we’d prefer to share with someone we don’t know that well. It's kind of...personal. And considering what all happened today...”
“Yes, Castiel,” Dean managed to choke out as Cas’ words soaked in.
Sam glanced back to Jack, who was busy watching CocoMelon on Sam’s tablet. “Maybe not, but if he still has all the power he absorbed, do you
Claire was not so easily swayed by Sam's reasonable answer, crossing her arms and throwing herself back onto the leather backseat. “So, what, you just move on after a couple of weeks? Is that how long you’ll care if I die bloody?”
“Today is for you. If there is anything you don’t want to do, you’ll tell me.” It wasn’t a question. It was a statement that Cas knew Dean would comply with.
“Cas,
going to make it work. We’re family, all of us. A dysfunctional one, but still family.”
“Oh, well…” Sam murmured as his face became flushed, shooting a look to Dean and Cas for help.
Sam checked in with them early in the evening, sending a text that he and Lizzie were going to get supper if Cas and Dean wanted to join. Dean groaned aloud as he read the text message. He and Cas were a tangled mass of limbs at this point, their boxers their only clothing as they cuddled. Dean was so the little spoon tonight with Cas' chest a comforting warm. They’d picked up fast food for lunch, checked out of the roach motel and into a hotel a couple of economic classes higher and been huddled under the cover ever since. The funeral had stirred up memories neither had wanted and they’d found their own ways to chase them away, and if those ways included greasy pizza, cuddling, and good sex, there was no one around to judge.
The anger welled up inside him again and he quickly snapped back. “It wasn’t like he gave us any
Dean laughed as he sent a rapid text without looking up at him. “Dude, that’s what moms do.”
Unable to find another argument, Dean let a small grin slip. “Okay, I'm sold. Let’s go.”
“Yeah, well he’s
“I want you to come
“Good,” Cas’ smile softened but his eyes tightened with anticipation of his own as his voice dropped. “Then get undressed and lie down.”
“But Eileen…” Dean added skeptically as he narrowed his eyes in suspicion.
“Dean, as you well know, I didn’t have the same restrictions on myself as you did. I haven’t used the immense willpower that you did. I-“
“As long as it’s the
Mary smiled easily as she tossed down money onto the smooth bar top. “I’m sure I mentioned it before. Campbells and Winchesters…we’re all related you know. Can you get us four beers and a Pepsi?”
Lizzie sniffed and nodded her head in understanding. “I know but I have to try to keep her safe...She’s all the family I have left. She used to be good, and until today she’s never tried to hurt anyone. She’s been obsessed with Angels since we were kids. She used to pray for an Angel to come down and protect us...to take us away. Every night.”
Cas looked to Dean now, his own worry making the lines in his forehead deepen. “I can extract my own Grace but…”
It was Dean’s turn to frown, tugging Cas closer into the shaded overhang of his “nest”. “I do want that, but I want to know why you’ve put it off. That’s what I want right now.”
“And I will, but with Jack..”
“I’d like to take you right here, in this dirty parking lot…but I’m afraid hunting buddies don’t do that…” Cas said with a soft sigh as he eased himself back over to his seat and looked around at the mostly empty lot. “But if you pick up a pizza and get us back to that disgusting hotel room in one piece, you might coerce a tipsy blowjob out of me before I eat and fall asleep.”
“Casey, Casey Falls. Most people call me Cas though…Anyway, my work and their work just happened to collide. I wasn’t really happy with my job, so I ended up quitting and teaming up with them off and on. Nothing too interesting.” Cas tried to downplay his role…no need to draw attention when no one seemed to know he'd existed at all...and there went that small bubble of resentment again.
As the three men awoke groggily, they looked around them, blinking in confusion in the dim light of the barren room. The room itself was partially boarded up, giving off condemned vibes considering the tracks in the dust of the floor were mainly of the rodent variety. There were a few candles and one electric lantern casting deep shadows around the visible corners of the room as they sat bunched together on a small table, illuminating the sparseness. A few dust-covered chairs lay on their sides around them while trash and other broken boards scattered around them.
With revulsion, Dean gently laid the gun down and stared at his own fingers, willing them to let go of the gun.
“Do not open that bottle. You will truly regret it if you do, of that, I can promise you.” Castiel said firmly, his eyes hard and his heart racing in his chest in fear he refused to show. He as the only one in the room that knew what would happen...and he did not want it.
Lizzie nodded her head but something in Mary's words confused her. She continued on though. “Most hunters stick to family groups or hunt alone. Y'all are already a pretty big family group as far as hunters go, plus Casey there. Do you all hunt and live together? Me and my sister hunt together but she doesn’t much like hunting with others, and sometimes she would rather go off on her own.”
Claire didn't seem swayed. “Do you really
sign up for this. Were you really going to let him do it alone?” Sam knew the answer but he gave Dean a steady, understanding gaze.
Dean shook his head as he finished his water and tossed the bottle into the sink. “Why? She seemed pretty into you when we ran into her at the grocery store last week. She even did the flirty eyes thing.”
if it didn’t, and he spread his legs wider as Cas gently rubbed against his prostate. “Gimme another,” Dean groaned out as the flick of his finger made him writhe on the bed already. Dean had been surprised after his first prostate orgasm…Now? He was an
“Your date’ll be disappointed but duty calls,” Dean added with an apologetic tone as he threw a tip down on the table. Dean signaled to Sam and the others they were heading out and they were waved away, watching Mindy size up Jack and Sam but thinking better of it before she huffed and left. They stumbled out the door, through the thinning crowd until they got to the Impala. The alcohol had made them both more relaxed as the night had gone on and they were both giggling stupidly as they slid into the front seat.
“You…that was actually
“THEN SLEEP!” The Shadow roared, shaking the ground with its rage. Cas looked up at him, at the quick rise and fall of his chest, of the darkness behind his eyes...then slowly laid himself down on the ground and closed his eyes, feigning sleep and praying for it to actually come as he pressed his cheek to the cold black nothingness. "That's right. I own you, and if you don't obey, I'll bring your little human to his knees."
Ca,s however, seemed unconcerned. “I’ll handle that. You handle your responsibility.”
Dean rolled his eyes dramatically again. “You’re looking for problems where there aren’t any. You’re just being a
Sam broke the silence first, clearing his throat. “So, Claire. We can set you up a guest room down the hall. Jack is in Cas’ old room.”
to do it. I could have jacked off a hundred times without you knowing…but I wanted to do what you told me to. I’ve fucked up so much in my life, it was nice not to be calling the shots for a little while/ It took the pressure off...Well, in some ways…Maybe following the simple orders in our games doesn’t help anything…but it makes me
“Yes you are, so good for me,” Cas whispered gently in his ear again as he grabbed the lube bottle. Dean’s senses were on edge, knowing the soft slide of flesh on flesh was Cas prepping himself. It was a sound he was familiar with by now, but it still made things deep inside of him tense in pleasant anticipation. He felt Cas lift his leg higher and slide slowly in, his earlier fingering making their joining easier now. He let out a breath and tried to let his muscles relax to let him in. Cas brought his arm around his waist to pull him closer and Dean relaxed his body as they joined together, both of them moaning at once as they did. Cas pressed them as closely together as was possible, and the beautifully ragged sound of him in his ear was almost too intimate for Dean after their earlier play. A month was too damn long to go without his comforting pressure at his back, without the feel of him inside him, without him whispering affirmations in his ear as they slowly began to move their hips to the same rhythm.
“You’re hearing him too, aren’t you?” Claire asked softly as she stepped near to him and dropped her voice.
Sam had walked into far more skin showing and far worse scenarios...hence why he'd refused to look. Cas was typically fairly courteous at pulling the sheet up when he knocked...Dean, not so much. However, even as much as he trusted Cas to try to save him embarrassment, he did not look through the crack in the door.  “Yeah, meet me at the front door in five.”
It didn’t. Cas’ face remained closed down and disapproving but he seemed to settle his face into acceptance as he spoke. “Taking a Nephilim into a den of hunters is absolutely unnecessarily dangerous but I doubt Jack or Mary would listen to reason…so I agree we go. If nothing else than to be back up.”
Lizzie seemed to deflate a little at that. “Oh, well, purples are all mysterious. Different shades mean different things of course. It’s not cut and dry but you…I see a lot of spirituality…You don’t see that a lot in hunters. Unending devotion to your cause. It really speaks a lot about your soul. It’s evolving, growing, enlightened. Your even more open to sending and receiving spiritual messages. Your empathetic and kind. Caring and nurturing, and probably a very giving and sensitive lover.” She said all of this deadpan, eager but analytical but Cas’ face turned flushed as Dean picked that moment to come up and slap a hand hard on his shoulder, his fingers digging just a little too hard into his shoulder before his hand slid minutely down his bicep, his touch softening.
Dean seemed unconvinced as a thought crossed his mind. “You better figure out how to get Sammy out of the bunker for a couple of days.”
“What the hell guys?” Sam ran a hand through his sleep-tussled hair as he stared at the two of them.
------------------------------
“Okay, okay, whatever you say,” Dean leaned over and stole a kiss, catching Cas off guard. “Stop being so grumpy. I’d much rather be back at the hotel right now…” He wiggled his eyebrows and Cas smirked despite himself.
“Lizzie…” Cas said unexcitedly as he sat next to Mary.
Lizzie kept a strong grip on his hand and did not relent as he gently tugged. “Hold on…You also have a somewhat rare line called the dedication line. It stops at the heart line, which shows the change that occurred in your life was more aligned to your desires. I don’t think I’ve ever seen that line in anywhere other than books. So that change was a very dramatic one, and personal as well, huh?”
Dean yawned widely, throwing his fist up to cover his mouth. “Dude, I’ve come four times in less than an hour. I’m just tired. Let me rest and I’ll be ready and willing for round two.”
Mary had her hands stuffed in her back pocket as she looked at the group of them. “So, a lot of the hunters know me and most everyone has at least heard of Sam and Dean. What backstories are we agreeing on for Cas and Jack?”
“Hopefully not.” Cas was skeptical but he quickly changed the subject. “Food and drink time.”   Dean groaned, not wanting to untangle himself from Cas and the bedsheets. “Afterward we could shower or go for a drive if you’d like.”
“And if I just gave you what you wanted now…” Cas groaned as he slipped his underwear down and fully gripped himself. “You’d not get to enjoy the anticipation…” He huffed out a ragged breath and watched him through half-closed eyes as he stroked himself in full view of the camera. “Of wondering what I’m going to give you when I get home. Now angle the camera so I can see you touching yourself.”
Eileen is okay, and I think you need to go see her soon.” Dean shot a look to Claire through the mirror, frowning.
Cas made a soft, noncommittal sound in his throat before kneading Dean’s shoulder with one hand. “Hmm. Tell me again how I’m too pushy making you exercise more…”
Lizzie sighed with a sappy smile as she watched them together, then got rigid as Cas turned and walked to her sister. “I’m going to heal her internal injuries from the fight…but she will not wake for several hours yet…”
“I suppose any of those descriptors would do. However, they haven’t been immersed in humanity for as long as I have. I know I was like that too once.”
“I’ll just go grab the pack-n-play if you’re sure we won’t be in the way tonight?” Sam had taken a step toward the front door as he spoke.
Dean began to look around the crowd now that not so many eyes were staring back. He noted a few semi familiar faces but so many were new…younger…He began to feel old as he realized he didn’t see that many “old” faces. Maybe they were the old faces now. He took a sip of his beer and saw a similar thought in Sam’s eyes as he too scanned the bar. What didn’t disappoint, however, was that he did spy more than a few female hunters. Now if only Sam would get the idea on his own…. but before he could piece that thought together, he saw a small group of fresh-faced hunters coming toward their table. He swore he never looked that young when he was hunting…These kids were clearly no more than twenty-five. Then he thought of Claire and the others and realized they weren’t getting younger, and he’d been hunting alone at that age. He was just getting older. He sighed and tried to not act on edge as the group surrounded the table.
. He tossed the book on the nightstand and got down on the floor to drag out a small box he kept under his bed. He opened it and looked down at his small but quickly growing box of toys. What he wanted was sitting on top, pale blue and made of silicone. The cock cage. Cas had bought a blue one so Dean would have another reminder of who he was wearing it for when they played….like he could fucking forget. Who would have thought the dorky guy had it in him? Dean grabbed the bottle of lube and the cage and made sure his door was locked before he gently applied a small amount of lube to himself, careful not to overstimulate himself back to his earlier problem and put it on, making sure nothing was too snug before clicking the tiny lock into place. He gently put the key back in the box and pushed the box itself back under the bed before he got up off his knees and pulled his jeans back up and buttoned his pants back over it. Because it was a soft silicone, there was no telltale bulge. If someone brushed their hands over his crotch they might wonder, but Dean had no intention of having anyone doing that, so no worries there. He just didn’t want his brother noticing anything and asking any questions. He might be super supportive of him and Cas but he had no want to explain just how kinky his brother and his best friend got in and out of the bedroom. Best to leave Sam in the dark on that subject.
------------------------------------
“So spoiled,” Dean said with a happy sigh as he closed his eyes and let the noonday sun warm his face and chase away the chill of his earlier intrusive memories.
“Cas, didn’t you just say I could have whatever I wanted?” Dean asked as he tilted his head in amusement.
“Nope. Not gonna happen. Everybody’s pretty wasted, and Cas wouldn’t approve.” The words were out before she could think about them.
Sam smiled then, now that the danger was past. He let out a breath as he dusted the knee of his jeans. “That would be an extremely safe assumption.”
Calmly, Jody spoke, sensing Dean's pain even through his anger. “Then you’d both be dead, from the way you told it. That doesn't seem like a good outcome either, Dean.”
“You’re here. Where else would I want to go?” Cas whispered in his ear as he ran his fingers through his sweat-dampened hair.
job with Sam, and will both do a
“Just shut up and let me do this for you…if you’re sure you still want this. You don’t have to be human for me…” Dean murmured as he laid a soft kiss on Cas Adam’s apple. “I love you, Angel or human. We can figure out the Empty problem.”
Dena gripped the steering wheel tighter as he sighed. “No, Sam. You don’t get it. It’s nor your fault. I never told you everything he said that night, and I probably never can. It wasn’t meant for you, but…if he hadn’t said what he said, I think I would have just let the world burn. I was
Castiel pulled away, shaking his head. “No. I need to shower. I can still feel her thrall upon me like it’s sticking to my skin. I
“Sure. Sure thing, Mary…” He said as he hurried off.
“Well, as long as someone said it,” Sam said with a soft laugh as he smiled at Cas, who still did not seem amused. “But what about that will I hate, other than someone dying of course?”
Cas was pacing in the dark, the white of his undershirt the only thing visible except when he passed under the high window. The yellow light would flash on his features like a sunbeam until Dean put a hand on his arm to stop him and he stilled under his gentle touch. “You would find the one damn person in the whole building who knows enough about Angels to potentially give us problems…” Dean growled out in the dark as he looked around him nervously.
“Just shut up for a bit okay? I can't concentrate on the road for your third degree.”
Jody, however, was unconvinced. “Claire, the one time I asked if you wanted to babysit the Anderson’s kids for some extra spending money you told me, and I quote, “I’d rather be eaten by a Rugaru than wipe some kid’s snotty nose.”
“Just remember, whoever gets back first gets the shower first…” Cas whispered in his ear as he disentangled himself and quirked an eyebrow, his eyes flashing with mischief. As he headed for the door, tennis shoes in hand, he was rewarded with the sight of Dean digging out his running shorts.
“I said,
Liz sat down next to him uninvited and flagged down Nelson, who brought her what appeared to be a regular glass of water. “Hunters don’t typically believe in all the aura stuff, but it actually can be really helpful when you need to tell the bad guys from the good guys, you know?”
Dean laughed, snorting through his nose. Cas’ deadpan responses were ridiculously in character for him. He decided to snap a few more photos for the fun of it. He grasped his dick and took a closeup, arching his back at his own touch, but careful not to really stroke himself. He was still as on edge as a livewire but he could have fun with Cas while he was.
“When I get lice, you will hear no end of it…” Castiel said with aggression as he pressed his mouth to Dean’s.
“Cas?” little Jack asked questioningly, his big blue eyes blinking up at him with equally fresh sadness.
Lizzie nodded her head. “I mean, hunters are open to a lot of things, but you start talking auras and stuff and suddenly you’re crazy. But hunting monsters is totally normal…” Cas laughed at her grumbling rant and he felt Dean’s eyes on him again.
Lizzie’s eyes lit in excitement at their acceptance and continued her thoughts. “Like Angels! I mean before they fell, I don’t think many hunters thought they were anything more than old stories, But we know Angels are real now. Truly confirmed. Did you guys come across any when they fell? I didn’t get so lucky…” Lizzie murmured as she all but pouted, her run on thoughts a distressing muddle to the two men standing beside her.
“Her sister just mind fucked you and wanted to fuck more than just your mind. You’re not going anywhere alone with
Sam turned in his seat, looking back at her. “Claire, Cas made a
Dean rapidly remembered their earlier conversation about his incentive to run and quickly finished his message to his mom and ran after him down the hall. “Hey, wait for me!”
Dean, though annoyed, immediately complied…and then glared when he realized he’d done it without hesitation. Damn. He sat on his heels, hands in his lap like he was waiting to open a Christmas present.
will just fit right into my schedule?” She smiled at his compliment but shook her head in true disbelief as she spoke.
Cas looked to Lizzie with compassion now, the hardness in his eyes slipping to reveal the unusual Angel he truly was. “I know…I saw everything in Delaney’s mind. I’m so sorry Lizzie, for what you two endured. I truly am. If I had heard your prayers when I was an Angel I would have come. I’m sorry that no one did.”
“What?” Dean’s eyes widened in shock and his cheeks flushed pink. “What do you mean?”
“That’s me...Just loving all the attention,” Dean grumbled. He turned to Cas with a raised eyebrow as he glanced to Lizzie. “You know, the table’s cleared out a little if you want to come back and join us?”
“Says the man who used to fly. Which is also horrible by the way…” Dean said with an eyeroll to Cas.
Cas drew back, leaning away from him and looking down at the ground. “Dean, I don’t
Lizzie studied her sister's face before stealing a look to Cas. “Can…can you make her forget… forget what she is? I don't pretend to know all Angels can do but-” Cas raised an eyebrow but nodded slowly.
him, so I did too.”
Claire blinked back dampness in her own eyes and roughly rubbed a palm across her face to banish it away. “He was special. Kind of a doof but…”
“So glad you two are the experts on what Cas would want,” Dean spat out. “You wanna coddle him? Be my guest. But I’m not gonna be part of it.” He slammed the door, locking the handle and leaning against it.
. “is this okay?”
“There will be lots of hunters there…” Castiel finished his thought, following his logic but sounding unhappy about it.
“I was not flirting….I don’t think I was…If so it wasn’t intentional,” Cas said as his forehead creased and his mouth turned into a frown as he questioned his interaction with Lizzie.
Dean shook his head adamantly to Sam's suggestion. “Those two were a couple of freaky species-crossing hippies, Sam. No.”
Dean. “The deal was I would take you, forever. Do you really want to be awake forever? It’s going to make your existence an excruciating one...because if
“Hunters pack out the hotels at these things. Sorry the accommodations are not up to your high standards,” Dean said it with a wrinkle of his nose and a smirk.
Dean sighed tiredly, a groggy smile across his lips. “You might need to pop out for some Gatorades and a pizza after, but another day like this with you? I could get up for that again, sweetheart.”
“Even though there are many nice, soft, sweet smelling ladies inside that would love for you to woo them?” Cas said as his eyes were full of insecurity. Dean almost gasped at the sight, wishing he could see himself as Dean did.
“Yes, you are,” Cas added softly as he sat back down and curled his body next to his. “You've been
Cas shrugged and smiled softly, turning his attention back to her. “I believe in a lot of things you can’t always see.”
“Submission really is something to behold in you. How does it feel, to not be the one giving the orders? Did you enjoy the past month at all or was it only frustrating? I’m interested to know.”
Dean glanced at her in the rearview before speaking. “Claire-“
sex…but he wanted to see Cas fall apart and he knew just how to do it.
makes that possible. Intentionally or not. I was just…thinking about you while you slept.”
“And now?”
“Good. Everything’s coming together.” Dean settled in as well, his eyes on the road except for one knowing glance to Claire in the rearview. Tomorrow evening they'd start their own plans. Study the Empty and how to get a certain Angel out of it.
“So where were Dean and Casey going to in such a hurry?” Lizzie said as she sipped on her water after their hasty exit.
Lizzie nodded as she looked between them again. “One…Delaney said she sensed grace in all three of you. You,” She jabbed a finger at Cas, “Make sense now. What about you two?”
“Please.” Cas dropped his head and stared down at the ground again. “Leave him alone. Please.”
A small smile pulled at the corner of Dean's lips for the first time in a long time. Remembering him with someone who understood how special he was. Not that Sam didn't...but Sam only wanted to rationalize his sacrifice. Not relish in his memory. “But he was
Cas looked down at him sheepishly, his mouth pulling into a tight line. “Those dreams
. How dare she try to take him away, after everything they'd endured to be together in the first place. To want Cas for his power was obsene. He was so much more that his power, and Dean would do what had to be done to protect him, as Cas had him. All these thoughts rushed through his mind in a steady stream even as Cas' lips traced over him. Even as their hands stroked in time together. Even as Cas whispered to him in Enochian and he replied with lovestruck gibberish of his own. As the warm water finally started to run out, Dean felt his stomach knotting up, that rush of feeling building up inside him and he felt a needy whine escape his throat as Cas drew the nails of his free hand down his back. He felt Cas falter in his rhythm and they both groaned and leaned their foreheads together as they came within seconds of each other, mouths agape in pleasure. They stayed tangled together for a minute, the water beating down behind them as they caught their breath, until it started to run cold and they both scrambled to turn the water off. As they stood, Dean wrapped a towel around Cas' shoulders and stared into the blue eyes he loved, and he swore to himself and whoever the Hell else was listening that he would never let either of them be mind-fucked again. It had left them both battered and bruised too damn many times now.
“Do you miss me, Dean?” Cas purred out as he slid his thumb over the head of his cock before sliding his fingers back down.
Cas sighed and pushed his fingers into his temples, a very human gesture Cas had picked up on that Dean loved. “You do not need to make ridiculous exaggerations to me.  Not wanting to take two hunters who were once hated by the hunting community, one hunter who killed some of the hunting community, a Nephilim, and an ex-Angel into a building packed with lots of inebriated hunters is far and away from being overprotective. I was okay with your plan about helping Sam find a nice hunter, but I didn’t think it would entail such high risk to my family.”
“Well then, he’s out. You in, green eyes?” Cas wiggled his eyebrows behind him, and Dean fought a glare, feeling the payback from his own earlier jealousy.
Lizzie frowned at him, truly puzzled. “You actually
Dean nodded as he gestured to Cas. “I get that a hundred percent. I do.”
, not talking to you,” Claire growled back, staring daggers at the back of Sam's head.
“CAS!” Dean shouted, his face contorted with rage now, all pretenses of calm gone. “Don’t you fucking touch him!” Dean bellowed out but she gripped Cas’ face again, her red painted nails digging into it painfully as he tried to turn to Dean’s voice again. ‘Cas, look at me! Don’t let her get in your head. You don’t serve anyone. Especially not that bitch!”
“How do you want me?” was Cas' only question to Dean's statement.
…good while I
me inside you, not just for my own pleasure...” Understanding dawned on Cas’ face and he softened, his apprehension melting away.
“I’ve been doing a lot of reading about sexual kinks. There are several I find…intriguing.” Cas studied him intently, gauging his every reaction.
son.” Cas looked to Dean and Sam who nodded silently.
to watch out for him. You
“Screw you!” Dean yelled out as he headed for the gun range to blow off some steam before he had to babysit the little monster.
“Laid the praise on a bit too thick, huh?” Cas teased as he ran fingers through Deans’ hair.
“Okay, you’re in,” Dean said without looking back at her, his eyes only for Castiel.
“Come on Cas. Everyone’s waiting,” Dean teased as he rolled his hips again.
you and Sam for that matter. You’re trying to do to Jack what you all did to me. Dump him off on someone else so he’s not your
Dean’s eyes widened comically. “Do you mean…like, I’ll be tied down or too tired to move my arms and legs?”
Sam nodded but his eyes drifted to the cracked door of Cas’ room. “I kind of thought he might…you know…bring Cas back when he got God’s power.”
“Okay,” Dean said softly, adjusting himself in his pants at Cas’ tone.
“Well, some parents don’t say the word
“I am N
. You know that right?” Sam said with panic forming in his eyes as she stepped closer to Cas, who was helpless as he struggled to get his hands free, his face a mask of control, unlike Sam and Dean.
She nodded and smiled softly before clearing her throat, watching as Dean and Castiel turned to her. “Sorry to interrupt…but I’ll need a few things from my sister’s bag of tricks to heal you as quickly as you’ll need.”
“Instead of around a room full of hunters who hang on your every word?” His voice was soft and unsure, something Dean was not used to from him, especially twice in one night. This was harder on Cas than he'd thought it would be.
“Yes?” Cas repeated in disbelief.
damaged…but there were shorter, smaller feathers in the areas he assumed were the damaged spots. New growth? The tips of a few of the larger wings looked like they had been burned and were missing small areas…but when Cas turned and the sun hit them, it reflected off what Dean had falsely assumed was their ink-black pigmentation and a rainbow of light, like a car’s oil slick, shone off them. He found himself immediately on his knees, one hand supporting him while the other reached out absently, eager to touch.
Castiel’s eyes narrowed and his head tilted as he sat up and let go of her wrists, speaking without his own permission. “Rowena Macleod.”
imagined.”
“I am going to have so much fun with you when I get home.”
“Cas would let me have it,” Jack argued, his little face defiant.
Jody considered it and nodded her head. “Fair point, and Sam will be there to keep you two in line.”
“For now, yeah, we do, but we
"Dean, what’s going on?” Jody's face was serious now, all motherly concern.
“You’re gonna have to give me a bit if you got any other plans. I’m wiped out,” Dean mumbled as he pressed a tired kiss to Cas’ throat.
Dean leaned against the hotel room wall nearest Cas and rubbed his hands over his face. “Oh yeah, they know everything…” He hesitated a moment then mentally made a decision and began to speak, surprising Sam and Castiel both. “Mary...She's our mom. Dead 30 years and resurrected by a cosmic entity, and I’m not going into that one right now. You aren’t ready for the follow-up questions on that one.”
Castiel sat up and blinked at the door, his eyes tiny blue slits as he squinted, his hair a disheveled mess. “Sam? Is it time?” His voice was harsh from sleep and though their chests were bare, the sheet and comforter were tucked around their hips.
Dean snorted a laugh as he looked at Claire, her black leather jacket and give no shits attitude painted loudly on her face. “Have you ever babysat a day in your life?”
Suddenly Claire was in his arms and Dean hugged her, letting her dig her chin into his shoulder. After a moment, he sighed and fought back the tears enough to pull back. “Claire, why are we hearing him? I thought I was just losing it, which, fair enough, not that far to go, but if you’re hearing him…”
“I’m not gonna last long for anything…” Dean croaked out, his mouth having gone dry with Cas’ own mouth on his thigh.
The details always got a bit hazy once he opened his eyes but they were always about Cas. That much he remembered vividly. Kissing, touching, thick hands and soft words…and a lot more. He’d woken up grinding against the mattress more than this week. One dream took place on the shore of a massive beach that seemed to stretch on forever. Another in a garden filled with ornate hanging baskets. Tonight was a field full of wildflowers that seemed to have no end, never broken up by roads or houses. Just miles and miles of a rainbow of flowers.
Cas’ startling blue eyes popped open and he turned his face back to him. His mouth fell open a moment before he composed himself, snapping it shut as Dean leaned forward and gripped the headboard, able to move with more freedom with the leverage it provided. He moved his hips, taking control of the position, controlling their pleasure, and Cas audibly groaned, their eyes locking as Dean tightened around him intentionally.
The Shadow laughed cruelly, a sound Cas had never heard from Dean. “Even if you could, you wouldn’t want to. After the things you said? Dean would turn you away. He doesn't love you. Who could? You failed as an Angel. You failed as a human. What good are you except to throw your life away to save the real heroes of the story?”
“Harder,
“Mmm, you’d think,” Cas growled out a low chuckle. “I expect a storm is coming. It usually does with Naomi.”
“Oh, you’ve got to be kidding me, Sam. We aren’t his parents,” Dean snapped back. Sam slammed the skillet down and frowned again.
“Speaking of pleasant….” Dean said with a raised eyebrow, remembering he and Cas' earlier conversation.
“Okay, and whatdya want me to do about it?” Dean asked tiredly as they blinked at each other.
Dean frowned now, his eyes narrowing in the darkness. “Well quit flashing your aura around and maybe the ladies would leave you alone.”
“I am aware of that, and we need to practice so you can continue to outrun them. Neither of us are as fit as we used to be…” Castiel said with a raised eyebrow as he slid the white t-shirt over his bare chest and turned back to Dean.
“You’d have broken that poor woman’s heart,” Cas said with a lopsided grin as he leaned over and quickly kissed Dean’s Adam’s apple.
“That's blasphemy,” Castiel said in a droll tone as he plopped into an empty chair and leaned back as he took a sip of his beer. Dean’s eyes shot to him in remembrance of earlier in their evening and Cas found the tabletop, obviously thinking the same thing as his cheeks turned a soft pink.
you I'd be home soon."
human.” Dean felt offended and more than a bit defensive at Cas’ statement, crossing his arms over his chest in silent protest.
“You always say I’m sweet when I have your cock in my mouth,” Dean crooned as he traced his own lower lip with his thumb.
Cas turned and stepped back, closer to the middle of the roof, into the late afternoon sun. “Fine, but I’m going to hold you to that. Today is supposed to be about what you want, and you’ve been fairly adamant about wanting to see…” Dean stepped forward but Cas shook his head. “Sit down.”
“Where…where did you get that?” Dean snapped as he threw the covers back.
Dean swallowed again, making Cas’ fingers move under his throat that had become suddenly very dry. “I know.” He shivered under Cas’ gaze. He wasn’t wrong. He’d never felt so fucking
His grin widened, happy he could get some satisfactory teasing in. He deserved it after all.
Cas looked up at him, caressing his inner thighs with both hands, watching Dean shudder with the movement. “Never expected you to for the first one, but for this first one, you choose. How do you want it?”
Nelson continued to wheedle information out as he could, not very subtle in his endeavor, but Cas continued to comply...carefully. “People say they’re the best hunters alive.”
“Dean,
“Nope. I’m good,” Dean bit back as he ran a hand along the bookshelf. “These are dusty. Maybe I’ll get a rag and…yeah. That’s a good idea.” Dean darted out of the room to get cleaning supplies and Sam rolled his eyes.
A video was sent right underneath the text.
lost,” Claire snapped accusatorily. “And you aren’t even with her right now.”
Cas’ eyes widened, and he swallowed hard. He gave Dean a warning glance and Dean shook his head. “Yeah, yeah we did know that. Lizzie, I’m just gonna steal Cas away for a minute. Jack needed to ask him something…” Dean said with a jerk of his head toward their table. Cas darted away from the bar faster than Dean thought a human could and he followed, trying to smile and act nonchalant even as his heart all but pounded out of his chest. Instead of going to the table, Cas ducked out the back door and Dean followed, looking behind him as he went. No one seemed to be paying them any attention at the moment, which as a relief from the past few minutes.
“Aww, Cas, you sweet talker you,” Dean threw him a wink before they peeled out of the parking lot. “How could I turn down such a romantic offer?”
Dean shook his head, running a hand through his hair as he glanced inside as well. “Not that I can tell...and I don't understand why it's us and no one else? What do we have that Sam doesn't?"
Dean let out a gruff, pleasured laugh. He had felt an orgasm building even before Cas’ request, “Not gonna...be...a problem,” he panted out.
“Very much so. Goodnight Lizzie,” Jack said with am awkward smile as he held his hand up in a wave.
!” Cas panted out as she pulled the needle out unceremoniously and walked toward Dean, a trickle of blood sliding down his neck as she turned her back on him.
“Cas…They’re beautiful…” Dean murmured as he edged forward on his knees.
“It does not come without risks,” he said softly. “I’ve done it successfully, but you need to know it could leave her an empty shell…I have personally left humans as empty shells that were trying to hurt those I love.”
“You’re enjoying hunting with Mary?” Cas asked as he studied Jack’s face, a hand on his shoulder.
“I’ll tell Eileen you said hi and not that last part,” Sam said with a shake of his head.
All three of them shifted and Dean and Sam looked to Cas, who frowned at them both. “Why do I have to be the one to tell her? Isn’t that a bit too personal at this stage in our relationship with her?” Lizzie looked to Cas, expectant.
“Don’t talk about Crowley to me, Dean,” Cas growled out, his shoulders set hard.
“I mean, no, but how many babysitters are you going to find who knows how to decapitate a vampire? My resume speaks for itself.”
Dean and Sam looked to each other and Castiel looked to them. “We do understand that concept, but she cannot be turned loose to hunt down others for her own selfish desires. She would have killed me for the trace amount of Grace within me before she knew what I was.”
“I’m sorry, Dean.”
“Oh come on, Cassie, you know you like this face,” crooned the Shadow, but the voice it used had Cas’ hands clenched in fists by his side.
Lizzie desperately pleaded with her sister again, but she was frozen in place as well. “Delaney,
“Cause you can’t be bratty when you can’t talk,”
“I enjoyed it quite a bit myself,” Cas added with an eyebrow wiggle as Dean lazily watched him wipe his chest down with a handful of tissues before reaching for the water bottle on the nightstand. “Can you sit up yet?”
“There’s something going on. I
“We had a few hunter friends, but we rarely went to funerals and gatherings.” Sam added as well.
Delaney leaned against the table behind her, listening to Dean with only mild interest. She nodded her head in potential agreement but shrugged, unbothered. “Maybe, but with the three traces combined…”
Lizzie’s face flushed softly in embarrassment and she visibly cringed at her own awkwardness. “Oh. Sorry! I’m not very good with the whole social cues thing. I’ll just talk, talk, talk you know? I mean, that’s why my sister is the only one who will hunt with me and even then, she gets annoyed with me and leaves sometimes. Siblings, right?” She seemed to not breath as she spoke, her thoughts a run on sentence.
“Can? Yes. Want to? No.” A bubbly, relaxed giggle erupted out of him that had Cas raising an eyebrow in question but he scooted slowly to a sitting position and propped himself up against the small headboard. When Cas silently handed him the bottle of water, he gladly took it and chugged the remainder of it before tossing it on the floor.
Cas gave him a heated look at his compliance that made him stop questioning why he’d done it…and as he turned his back to him, he watched him glance up at the sky a little hesitantly before the air around him seemed to shimmer like the asphalt on a hot day. It wasn’t like the one time he’d seen the shadow of his wings. That was all shadow and light. This…was
a ticking time bomb. Want to adopt him?”
was here. The game was over and he’d done fucking amazing, and Cas was going to reward him for it. When Cas finally pulled away, a dizzying amount of time later, Dean’s lips were puffy from kissing and his cock was straining against the cock cage. Dean panted when Cas pulled back to look at him, a deep possession flashing in his eyes.
He hit the red icon and indulged himself only a moment in remembering Cas’ tone as goosebumps chased across his skin. He knew what he was doing and Dean didn’t mind. Actually, it made him smile even as he internally groaned. If Cas wanted to play, Dean was down to play. However, he couldn’t quite comply at the moment, as just the growl of Cas’ voice over the phone had him hard and straining against his jeans. He couldn’t just lay here, however, because his mind would just wander to what Cas had in mind when he came home, and his hard-on wasn’t going to go anywhere thinking about that. He sat up and grabbed the book on his desk about Rugaru, flipping to where he’d stopped reading. Diet. Right. Reading about their craving for human flesh and their wormy, pale skin and the reminder of the last time they’d hunted one did the trick just fine. By the time he was done with the rest of the lore, he was well and truly flaccid. He was kinky, but not kinky enough to stay turned on while reading about
“Wanna see you,” Dean said softly, but it was obvious Cas had no trouble hearing him. He gently slowed his movements and leaned over to give him his full attention.
Angel…” Delaney murmured, her voice soft and seeming to weave a spell on Castiel, his body going still as she spoke. “He could be my Angel…our Angel.”
------
Sam spoke softly as he looked to Claire. “Not really. He was really only three years old. Cas expected him to be born a normal-sized baby…so now he just matches the age he actually is.”
Dean’s brain sounded an alarm and he blinked awake a bit more, sitting up in the bed and letting the comforter pool around his hips. “Wait. How long are you going to be gone again?”
“Cas. Cas. Cas. Cas,” Jack sing-songed and Claire looked over at him smugly.
you do at least. It doesn’t matter where I got the instrument and I know how to use it myself. Now…this probably will hurt
tired. Tired of people I care about dying. Tired of fighting…but he showed me what I fight for, and I’m gonna keep trying, for him. So…yeah…”
“Fucking witches, man!” Dean growled out as he shook his arms with relief as he was able to move them before closing the distance between Cas and himself and putting a hand on his shoulder without hesitation. “Cas, are you okay?”
“I would never!” Cas scoffed as he made sure he was neat and headed back in, Dean at his back.
“To be clear,” Cas began as he tilted Dean’s chin up to look at him. “You want me to make love to you without you reaching orgasm so you can do the same to me. Is that what you are asking?”
Leaning back in his seat as he relaxed, Sam pulled out his phone and started texting Eileen immediately. “Yeah, yeah it does.”
Sam spoke slowly, annoyance at Dean slipping through. “Yes…and Cas made the deal with the Empty for Jack’s life. It was
“Night guys. Sam, don’t forget to check in.” Mary all but pushed Jack out the door and left Sam and Lizzie alone to talk.
Cas’ face changed; his eyebrow lifting in question of Dean’s name-calling. “Is that a wing joke?”
“If I have to,” Cas sighed heavily, long suffering in his tone as he stood and stretched by putting his palms to the small of his back.
Cas’ eyebrows raised in shock and he looked to Sam and Dean. “We...uh…we don’t keep friends very well. We get a little gun shy about inviting more people into our lives. They tend to die bloody.”
? You
Cas took another sip and turned his chair to attempt to be able to see the table he’d left as he spoke. His interest was only perfunctory but he attempted to be polite. “How’d you learn to read auras?”
“I promise you’d appreciate me eventually,” She said with a flirty, confident smile. Cas had made his way to Dean and grasped his hand, letting his Grace flow through him to break the spell she had put on his body. He shielded Dean from Delaney as she stepped forward again and began to whisper an incantation, stepping to meet her as both of his hands made contact with her shoulders, throwing her hard into the wall behind her. She hit the wall with a sickening thud and slumped down, immediately unconscious. Castiel stepped toward her body with purpose but Lizzie spoke up immediately.
Dean scrubbed his hand over his face and propped himself up against the headboard. “Fair enough. What about?”
too early in the cabinet the morning of day five, while Sam glared at him over his coffee mug when Cas called. Dean saw the name and made an insane racket dropping the pans and dashing to his room, ignoring Sam’s muttering.
Dean popped his head back on the headrest, groaning. Only Cas could drag him across the spectrum from horny all the way to sappy and back again. He was at least calmer now. He took a breath and threw himself out of the vehicle to finish what he’d started.
Dean tried to be happy about that fact, but the bitterness and the stinging jealousy still felt fresh to him. Seeing Sam's face light up with happiness when Eileen answered the phone...Dean had stepped away and rung Cas...hoping...but there would never be an answer again...“Yeah, yeah she did. They’re taking it slow…”
“Never heard you voice an actual complaint. You like the game,” Cas replied as he arched his back of the seat and undid his belt buckle and zipper in record time, stroking himself through the thin fabric of his boxer briefs.
“Oh yeah? Sorry we interrupted! Please continue,” Dean leaned his head on his hands and let Lizzie carry the conversation while he skimmed the rest of the crowd. There were other female hunters but most looked like they’d eat his brother alive…even though he’d probably die a happy man at least. Dean let his mind wander as Lizzie, Sam, and Mary carried the conversation and he couldn’t help but look around the room curiously. Many of the hunters were loud, obnoxious, braggadocios assholes. He saw them swapping stories, knocking over chairs, and swooning and preening over the opposite sex like that episode of Discover Channel Cas made him watch on bird mating rituals. However, he could see with his new eyes, eyes Cas had given him, and he saw several people he suspected might be “hunting buddies” themselves…though they too still looked slightly unsure in the environment of Nelson’s Bar. However, nothing and no one drew his eye like the dark haired, sky eyed man sitting across from him. Yep. Definitely whipped.
Cas blinked at him a moment before his lip quirked up at the corner of his mouth. “Either. Both.”
Cas closed his bedroom door and the distance between them and had his fingers in Dean’s hair before he even had his name out of his lips. “You’re being a brat.”
doof. And he’s gone…" Sadly the smile didn't last as the weight of his guilt fell around his shoulders again, like a suffocating fog. "...and I can blame Jack all I want but
Jack looked up at him, his eyes wide and his voice soft. “The big dark.”
short chapter this week but next week's will be longer.
funk. And he wanted exactly what Cas was
Cas flexed his wings higher above his head as if stretching them before settling them back down to their natural state. “Yes, but…
Cas blinked now and he seemed to attempt to fight her power, but the words came out unimpeded once again. “Castiel. I am Seraphim. I am an Angel of the Lord.”
“As long as it involves you and orgasms, sign me up,” Dean answered anyway, his heart already speeding up again as Cas gently pressed in. As he slid in to his knuckle, Dean marveled, as he often did, that a finger up anyone’s ass could feel good, but
risking it. End of story. No discussion.”
Delaney shrugged callously as she brushed her hair from her face, lack of empathy and compassion making her markedly different than her sister even with her identical features. “Yeah, that would be sad for you, but life goes on, well-most assuredly for
Dean forgot to breathe for a second while his brain processed Sam’s words. Luckily his brain was smart enough not to damn him by answering too quickly. He choked a moment before clearing his throat, his voice strained. “Oh. Yeah. That’s it. Sure. Just worried about him.”
Dean shrugged as he leaned against the bar, Cas as close by his side as either dared. As Dean looked toward the bar, Cas had himself facing the rest of the bar, his eyes scanning the crowd nervously as he watched Dean's back. “What can I say? We leave a lasting impression.”
She nodded assuredly as she looked. “I can do that.”
“Well there’s a thought…” Dean murmured as he clicked open the email and read it.
A small squeak of surprise had Dean slapping his hand to his lamp and clicking it on to see Jack peering out from behind the doorframe, his sandy brown hair and light blue eyes an unfamiliar sight at doorknob level. “Hey, hey. Sorry, kid,” Dean immediately straightened. As he went to put down the gun, a flare of anger ripped through him.
“So, we agree we aren’t the right ones to raise a little kid, right? Can we at least agree on that?” Dean dared a glance to Sam as he merged onto the highway, bringing up the dropped conversation from the other night.
“Probably their hotel room,” Jack said without thinking before Sam shot him a look and he added, “Their separate hotel rooms. To sleep. Alone. Which they do.”
“Fair enough,” Cas said with a grin as he tossed him his shirt from the end of the bed.
When they entered, the noise was like a wall. The sheer amount of people, voices, glasses clinking, chairs moving, and the other cacophony of sounds was an assault on the senses. The neon signs cast odd patches of light on different tables as it competed with the dim bulbs above their heads. Dean initially smiled, fond memories of times past, then his head shot to look at Cas. It had been over six months since he’d given up his Grace and for the most part, he was fine with new experiences, but even this one was a bit overwhelming for Dean. He caught the other man’s eyes and though Cas’ eyes were crinkled shut a bit more than normal, he nodded an indication that he was okay, knowing Dean’s line of thinking. Dean fought the urge to reach for his hand, something he did so often without thinking, and he let it drop at his side. This sucked. Their shared moment had distracted them from the fact that the din of noise had significantly died down as they’d stood in the door. He turned and far too many eyes were on them for his liking. Dean felt Cas step closer to him and he knew he wasn’t the only one to notice.
Dean’s nonchalant comment after the intense last few minutes cracked Cas, and he grinned enough to flash teeth. He immediately ran his hand along the bulge in Dean’s pants and felt the cock cage, the knowledge of it making his eyes go heated. “You’ve done
She murmured as she held up a hex bag she'd swiped off the floor that had been thrown against the wall with her. Castiel swarmed forward, lightning-quick, and ripped the bag from her hand, discarding it across the room before she could finish her words. He pushed her to the ground aggressively, straddling her legs and holding her down with minimal effort.
“Sam’s gonna think I’m dead. He texted that he made it to Eileen’s
Dean sighed, knowing Claire wouldn’t let this go...but having someone else who didn't want to give up on Cas fed that small bit of hope he'd let atrophy inside of him. He turned and glanced inside, seeing Sam and Jody through the glass top half of the back door again. Jody was currently playing blocks with the answer to Claire's question. “Jack.”
know?”
“No? when’s the last time you picked up the phone to check on me? Huh? But Castiel
“What is it?” Cas said as he put down his coffee and came to stand behind him, intrigued by his interest. Dean could feel the heat of him at his back and the rich coffee aroma that clung to his clothes. He leaned back enough to make contact with his chest. Cas noticed and laid a hand on both shoulders as he peered at the email. They’d both been denied touches for so long that they didn’t miss any opportunities now. Not even ones as simple as these.
“Research,” Dean grumbled as he ran his hands along the spines, pulling a book out and slotting it back in just as quickly.
Dean smiled teasingly as Cas frowned. “What other name would you like that can be shortened to Cas? Castiel is a bit biblical, you know.”
“Can you do that for me? Come just like this?” Cas grabbed Dean's hips and moved him effortlessly, moving deeply within him.
“Afraid of what?” Dean’s forehead wrinkled in confusion.
!" Claire stepped away as he lashed out but he took a calming breath before continuing, feeling the heat in his face. "We defeated Chuck and after we drove away he just...Benjamin Buttoned himself…I had planned to talk to him when we got back to the bunker. Sam is very in the “this was Cas’ choice” camp and he didn’t think we needed to mess with the natural order anymore…What’s dead stays dead.” He finger quoted the last, having heard it several times from Sam since Cas had died...any time Dean had mentioned getting Cas back.
