It let out what could only be described as a screech as it continued to pull and now also rip at the continuously expanding threads. They weren’t moving quite as quickly as at first but there were still threads spreading despite the best efforts of the dragon.
The Irishman was dangerous regardless, even when he was playing at being normal, giving the impression of someone unaware and absorbed in what he was doing.
First? What did he mean, ‘first’? But it did at least somewhat confirm that Sherlock hadn’t forgotten what day it was. Or presumably, what day it was tomorrow, depending on how late the other expected John to get home.
What they were not were brown, and while that was hardly incontestable proof – after all, the recessive blue might still be present in a parent with brown eyes – it did still assuage his worries a tiny bit.
Once the plates were clean – Sherlock hadn’t eaten all the biscuits, but John took comfort in the fact that he’d stashed the remainder of the packet in his robe pocket – and the dishes dumped in the sink for later, along with what else had accumulated during the case, John led his friend back down the hall, an arm wrapped around his waist, the brunet’s head resting, somehow, on top of his own.
Tessa moved closer, her small frown deepening. She didn’t look annoyed or angry, though, or impatient because she didn’t understand.
It took Sherlock a moment to work it out, partly because it didn’t click that would be the reason and partly because his brain was still juggling too many unknowns with a blindfold on, but when he did, his heart sank.
Why? Why not just take what it wanted, if it was so sure of itself? Even if it weren’t, why bother wasting time with this? Why wasn’t there more of it projected if it wanted to intimidate him into submission? Into servitude.
He’d known more than one Omega who’d hidden their secondary, and sometimes even their primary, gender from the top brass and their immediate colleagues, too, to be allowed to advance or in some cases, merely join the military.
Sherlock huffed, or tried to. It would’ve worked a whole lot better if his eyes weren’t still rather dilated and his cheeks lightly flushed in a way that had nothing to do with remnants of sleep.
That wasn’t to say the doctor was of the same opinion, though, of course, and so Sherlock braved looking up at John’s face again.
“They’re not going to shoot.” There was a flat but somehow still wary tone to the doctor’s voice, as though he was certain of his statement but at the same time wasn’t going to take any chances.
Even though he couldn’t see the Omega’s face, as he’d lowered his head somewhat, there was no doubt in Sherlock’s mind that John was fully aware of the hypocrisy of what he’d just said, considering the reaction he’d generally had to being judged on secondary gender.
Of course, it was, but the point was that it would more than likely escalate to an argument, which they could ill afford to conduct in the silence of a waiting, expectant crowd of parents and other family.
He sighed and made a small face to no one but himself. “Or maybe we don’t. I don’t know.” A huff of wryly amused laughter. “Seems to be my bloody refrain in all this, doesn’t it?”
“Need you here, you idiot,” the voice was a little hoarser than normal, “not somewhere over there, watching things.”
“No, it is not a dragoness. A female dragon is still just a dragon, there are no special variations to denote the gender.”
Sherlock closed the rest of the gap between them, though he didn’t crouch down himself. Nor did he ask anything.
Even if he hadn’t trusted in that, after a slight movement and change in angle of the rod, he could see it himself. Or rather, he could see
He felt a kiss behind his ear. “And you’re sure you don’t want the pleasure of contacting them yourself instead?”
John sighed. “No, and I’m not saying I condone it. But you did stop, you have seemed to realise that it’s wrong,” he got an emphatic nod, “and like I said, if you ever try to continue after I’ve said stop or otherwise haven’t expressed consent, then I am not afraid to punch you.”
All of this had happened rather quickly, or so the man claimed. He was looking down at the ground that point, his eyes red-rimmed and puffy from the crying, even more so now than when they’d got here
The other two seemed rather random and irrelevant but they undoubtedly had a point, somewhere down the line, so John left it for the moment.
Instead, he was looking at him with uncertain but hopeful joy. In a way, it was much like that of a child succeeding in doing something for the very first time that they’d struggled with and, since they had struggled, needed confirmation that this was indeed right.
They stayed like that for another long moment, exchanging another few kisses. Then, without a word, they parted and went over to the seating area with the things that John had brought. Not all of them were suited for eating but that hadn’t been the focus. Merely a happy coincidence, really, that they or where they’d come from had been relevant and significant to their lives together in some way and could be a consumable fit for celebration of this new chapter of their life.
The end result was that he stayed exactly where he was, unable to find out what he was to do or even how to phrase what he wanted, needed, to say. Which was ridiculous and pathetic and beyond unhelpful.
“I haven’t done that in a while.” He knew that came out less confidently than he would’ve wanted it to, but John didn’t seem to mind.
Try to, anyway, because John grabbed hold of her as well with one hand, the muscles of his arm tensing hard. The other finished its movement, grabbed the hilt of the knife firmly, and pulled it out in a quick, fluid, practiced motion.
“Perhaps the pool triggered something. Or the fact that Moriarty was trying to claim you might have been the deciding factor.”
Nevertheless, it seemed that John heard it, because his mouth became a thin line and his eyes narrowed just a fraction, enough for the Alpha to notice.
Nor was the person Moriarty, who was, if John had expected it to be anybody else, or at least one his instincts would go on alert for, the one he’d have expected.
“I’m sorry, love,” John said, eventually. He sounded sincerely regretful; his voice small. At another time, the brunet would’ve heard the endearment and mentally rejoiced in it even as he outwardly scoffed. “I didn’t…I know you’d never hurt me intentionally, and I put myself in danger often enough. I went to war, invading countries and everything.”
He did watch, however, as Sherlock pulled the violin out of its case and swung it into position, the bowstring resting on the strings, ready.
Harems were illegal, after all, and so was any position linked with them. Even so, he wasn’t ashamed of it. The Omegas and Betas would’ve been in the illegal harem regardless of whether he’d been there or not, and he knew that without him to care for them and act as a buffer, a lot of the ‘members’ would’ve been far worse off than they’d been.
Another cliffhanger, I know. I know but it fitted as a cut-off point as I don't want too long chapters. That and you'd have to wait another week, then. Hopefully this is starting to answer a few things for everyone :)
Even knowing that it was his mind’s manifestation of John rather than the man himself, Sherlock couldn’t help the feeling of grateful pride and joy.
He watched John’s jaw tense a little at that and his lips thin. However, it didn’t go further than that, which surprised him.
Idiot. Complete and utter berk, too. “I’m not – Sherlock, that’s not why – I just didn’t want you to feel uncomfortable with it.”
“Or perhaps what you need is some actual rest,” John said and only then did the brunet realise that he must’ve spoken some of his thoughts. His eyes searched John’s, trying to work out how much he’d said out loud.
The image could’ve been a happy one and might well have been, too. It was only an image, after all, a fabrication on John’s part. Yet, though he knew almost nothing about their childhood, he felt there was a small but distinct sense of sadness to the image that he hadn’t put there, as if something had happened before this particular scene that they were both now dealing with the aftermath of.
He took a deep breath, not noticing how shaky it actually was, readying himself to a suitably friendly if measured goodbye.
This was information that he on some level already knew, given it had been his job to take care of their ‘toys’, but still, seeing it laid out like that was rather strange.
I know it's a relatively short chapter and it's been a long wait for...well, at least I hope the start of this confrontation has been alright. At least we're going again, eh?
He was panicking. Genuinely starting to panic. Why was he panicking? John was capable and skilled, he could take care of himself, even against someone like…
Did any of that even make sense? Come on, there had to be some sort of energy left inside that he could take from. Any kind of well – bloody hell, it wasn’t as though he hadn’t had
Thank you to everyone for the kind feedback on the first chapter, whatever form it's taken. Sequels I'm always extra nervous about so the encouragement and interest touched me. Fingers crossed it's not just postponed yeah?
One other thing that certainly fit right in with the stereotype was the smell. Unlike with other Alphas, where that might have translated into pure cockiness, here it seemed to further emphasise the power and inherent danger of the man.
“You don’t know that we won’t,” Sherlock argued back, even though he didn’t particularly want to argue. If anything, he wanted to…to have a normal afternoon of both doing small nothings in the living room. Failing that, crawling into the other’s arms and just holding would be wonderful. “I could still try to carry on as I have before. As I always have.”
The laughter that statement caused was one that ripped itself out of John’s throat without his consent. The very idea was hilariously ludicrous.
We haven’t even gone anywhere yet,” John growled but there was no heat behind it. “What did Mycroft say?”
“Not right after, though?” he asked, gently, and saw Sherlock’s eyes widen a little, the expression clearing to one of tentative hope and excitement.
As Sherlock tried to quell the unhelpful and stupid noise and need, he found that it the gestures also made things a bit easier.
One could maybe have thought that he’d have refused to look at the service records because that’d make it too easy, and perhaps in other circumstances, that’d have been true, but given that he’d needed to know what he’d ended up in through accidentally scent bonding – and he couldn’t exactly easily get to John without tipping someone off or actually performing the rescue that he had ended up doing – service records made an awful lot of sense to peruse.
It was a cot. Well, to be perfectly accurate, it was a whole nursery display, which was only to be expected seeing as it was in fact a baby shop he stood in front of. Quite a high-end one, too, judging by the muted tones and ‘class’ of what they’d put in there, not to mention the scarcity of items.
However, that wasn’t to say that he was going to sit by and do nothing. There wasn’t only himself to think of here in the flat, either, and though he’d brought danger to his new family already by not thinking of the phone immediately, he wasn’t going to ignore it, either.
“No, but I’ve got information about you, nevertheless. I may not be you, but this flat tells quite a lot of story on its own, you know, and that’s not even counting the things you get just from watching you interact with your brother. Oh, and there’s the little otter plush thing, too.”
“Interference which means your bond mate is far closer than he has ever been to finding out where his daughter is!”
Carry drugs around, potentially for selling? What was this, some sort of cartel? That was national security, sir. Stab your fellow passengers to death with a knife you’ve brought with you? Go right ahead, sir, would sir like an apron so he doesn’t get blood all over his suit?
A muscle had twitched in both John’s cheek and under his eye at that, but he had swallowed whatever comment or issue was on his lips. Instead, he had suggested that they play checkers, only to find that half the pieces were missing or rather, they had been scattered across the flat as markers in…something, Sherlock couldn’t quite remember what. They were impossible to use as game pieces again, at any rate, at least according to the blond.
Never mind the fact that if a domestic Omega needed a weapon, they had a whole drawer full of rather interesting implements that could do much more nasty damage than any normal blade, even when wielded by someone with no expertise. Most of the time, they never reached that far in their thoughts, mainly because they had been schooled throughout their lives, by parents and schools and society in general, not to think such thoughts. Get them into enough of a desperate situation, though…
The man, who was a Beta himself, shrunk back the moment the Alpha stepped forward. He didn’t close the door, however, which was the important point right now. Nor did he scream or call for the police. There was hope yet.
“Pardon?” The ginger’s voice sounded a little far-off itself. Had he not noticed John had…well, if he hadn’t, there was no need to tell him.
Another try and it was evident that he was getting beyond the point where it could reach, the continued extension of the rope – considering what it was based on, he didn’t need to see it to know that it was spreading – assisting in that regard.
Angry with the bastard Moriarty and the harem owners and the whole ruddy society who’d enabled it and still was, even if it thought it had managed to eliminate it, but just as much with himself, he got up, chucked the empty coffee cup and the greased paper bag in the nearest bin and walked off, not paying too much attention to where he was going.
He closed his eyes. This was not how he had imagined the case to turn out, and that was apart from Moriarty actually being a sodding dragon.
“You matter to me, John.” He said it with as much sincerity and feeling as he could possibly put into it. Not more than he felt, of course not, but he needed to make sure that it got across.
Despite that, hold on he did. Even as his fingers protested and the cuts that he’d sustained on his wrist earlier sprang back up and began to trickle blood, he held on. At the same time, he also tried to pull himself out of the grip using that very hold.
I assume the box is to prevent contaminating it as well as keep whatever it’s been treated with from being rubbed off,” he said. He saw the other give a very small nod. “Right. But I don’t have any gloves to pick them up with and the tweezers are…I don’t know where, actually, and in any case, I can’t get to them right now. How do I handle them?”
The fact that they were out of sight the moment he realised and turned back to look only set his alarm bells ringing properly.
In effect, it would be kind of like sneaking into a dragon’s lair and stealing a treasure, wouldn’t it? Even if the analogy was rather on the nose.
He sighed. “I’m just trying to say that good or bad, they are your instincts. They’re not going away.”
“Have you any idea of what has happened between you falling comatose and regaining consciousness here, in this room?” the older brother snapped at the younger, almost literally as his teeth clacked together at the end of the sentence, hints of dragon teeth visible as he did so. “No? Then I suggest you actually
“But you know all this, surely. So, what’s really gotten under your skin?” Then it seemed to click. “Oh. The scent bond, is that it? Of course, stupid of me. None of the studies mention it, I take it?”
“He’s not concerned for me, John, don’t make the mistake of entertaining that thought for even a moment. He just can’t bear that there’s something that he doesn’t know or can’t influence, and he most certainly can’t influence this.”
When she asked if they couldn’t play another game, as normal as anything – the politeness being a possible caveat, though as one could see her glee at having won and the impatience written in the line of her shoulders and the swish of her dress - Moriarty shook his head with an apologetic smile that seemed as genuine as anything.
He hadn’t missed an opportunity to go buy cigarettes and John had been there, but they hadn’t had much of a chance to talk, as the shop had been unexpectedly full for a Saturday morning. The only reason he’d taken that setback relatively calmly was that he knew they’d be seeing each other again soon.
“If I wasn’t, I’d be hanging up on you, Mycroft,” John said, shortly. “But I have been through far too fucking much in too short a time, having had to come to terms with some pretty major stuff, and I cannot deal with more right now. Not before I have a proper chance at some sleep, some tea and a good breakfast.”
What all of this did do, however, was lend credence to the explanation Sherlock had given earlier; that claiming things and hoarding wasn’t entirely a choice on their part. Probably not much so at all, and the consulting detective had just downplayed it. That he’d also averred that gold wasn’t as powerful a drug to dragons as folklore would have you believe, that could be said to have been disproven. Except…Mycroft had never taken the gold that was at 221B nor was it ever in pride of place anywhere in the flat.
It was the mindset that could build up in such situations and enclaves; that nothing really mattered, since everything outside the harem or outside the squad or battalion didn’t really exist, including the people in there, and if they did, they weren’t truly important.
I am so sorry that it's taken this long, and that it's not a longer chapter. Apologies, too, if you can tell I've had troubles, things have been...well, it's here, and that's something. So's the fact that we've finally arrived somewhere, story-wise. Bring out the bubblies. Or not.
A thought, an emotion, flashed through John then, and it was one that he hadn’t been prepared for in the slightest. Guilt.
Well, then, best not keep them waiting, had we?” he said and began to, rather briskly, gather things together.
“Oh, watch out, Johnny,” the Irishman said, without turning his gaze from Sherlock. “Seems that’s what gets the old blood boiling on this particular deficiency is the mention of his own flesh and blood. Doesn’t bode well for your little plan to make
That said Alpha was indeed working for Moriarty, John was no longer in doubt of. The owners wouldn’t pull stunts like this and they certainly wouldn’t find any satisfaction in riling him up like this.
“No, I suppose not. I do need to know what to do, and not in the sense of the physical…” No, pause. Going out on the same ledge as before, even though he’d intended to change direction. “If Moriarty’s still…not that he’s out there because obviously he is but that he’s still interested in…me, I suppose, then that’s only going to make…”
“Sorry about that, I was…” He stopped and shook his head. When he stopped, his smile was a little broader, a little more genuine. A little more…present, too. “That’s good. That’s properly good. Makes the next bit easier, hopefully. Or possibly unnecessary, of course, there’s always that possibility…though better that than the other way around, eh?”
The expression on his face corroborated the tone of voice and Sherlock involuntarily swallowed. He hadn’t meant to cause that.
Then Michel should count himself lucky John didn’t have time to return to the house and wouldn’t have time afterwards, either, most likely. Otherwise, he would’ve had some very fine new bruises to go with the ones the blond had already seen and patched the wounds for.
To want something badly does not mean that you are any good at what you want, after all. Enthusiasm or wishes cannot grant you any skill or affinity for the thing that you do not already possess, not on their own – and that wasn’t even mentioning the fact that the reality might be something entirely different than the wish. The dream.
John pulled his head back a little in obvious surprise but then huffed a small laugh, his lips pulling up into a half-smile.
,” Sherlock shot back then immediately, though still too late, realised just what it was he’d said, and his eyes went even wider than before.
“They do serve a purpose, though.” John leaned over and gave Sherlock a kiss in turn. However, he chose the lips instead.
He cut himself off. It was unhelpful and he could feel himself getting angry, which would only make things worse.
He was sitting crouched to the side of the sofa, gripping the armrest tightly with his hands as he stared at his mate. His coat was still on, as though he’d gone directly to John the moment that he’d opened the door, which was the case. There was a white plastic bag smelling enticingly of something or other on the floor just inside the front door.
Even if that was the case, he’d have sussed that before he’d called out to his younger brother. No, the point of the once-over was to make John aware of it, aware of his own appearance and that of Mycroft.
He might even wonder how he hadn’t seen that at the time, whatever his state of mind had been, given how essential that really was to his doctor.
It also made him ashamed that even a part of his mind had thought John a shackle, a hindrance to his life, forcing him to give up what and who he was.
If asked about why he was so sure suddenly, he’d point out that now that he thought about it, the harem never employed someone so…
No, not just possible, either. He wouldn’t look that openly hurt and vulnerable if it were only a possibility. Then he would go straight to pragmatic to prevent that ever coming close to fruition. To be this concerned, and to show that he was this concerned, meant that he believed it to be a certainty.
himself, he headed to bed, where he spent almost an hour tossing and turning, before he finally fell into a sleep that was far from good.
Of course, just because he hadn’t been unaware or willing to participate in kisses, chaste or more passionate, didn’t automatically negate the possibility that he had no real interest in sex. But nothing that he’d said earlier, when John had had to explain his tiredness, had given the indication that he wasn’t.
“Can feel it,” she said. “Felt your hand…too. Was warm.” She let out a huff of an almost-laugh, possibly to substitute for a smile
While yes, it might well be that he was worrying for nothing and everything would work out fine once they had got some proper sleep, which seemed to finally be the case for both of them. John certainly felt nowhere near as frayed as he had when he’d fallen asleep, which was now further helped by knowing he was still in one piece and in his own home.
After some indeterminable amount of time, John gently guided Sherlock to lay on the bed. Sherlock complied, scooting to the middle before settling on his back. John crawled on after him and began divesting Sherlock of his pants. Sherlock was still stiff with desire. John had seen his erection before, held it in his hands, but had not yet admired it for the spectacular specimen it was. Long and sleek, like the man it was attached to, but thick with desire, soft to the touch with an unyielding firmness. John’s mouth watered.
They were huddled on the couch watching a Doctor Who marathon. They had their feet kicked up on the coffee table. Sherlock was explaining the logical fallacies of the representation of time travel in the show off and on. John was pleasantly ignoring him.
Sherlock kissed his way to juncture of Clementine’s thighs and paused. He took a moment to just breathe her in, her scent mixing with John’s. It was a heady combination. He reached back to grab a condom from the night stand and quickly rolled it over his stiff prick before settling back between her legs. He gently nudged her legs over his shoulders and buried his face between her thighs.
“I just figured—,” she continued, “I mean it just seemed to me that you must have experience with abuse to react so quickly and intensely.” She took a long drag of her tea. “Plus we can smell our own kind, I guess.”
John hadn’t realized the man carried an umbrella until he tilted it up and regarded it before speaking.
“Don’t fucking lie to me Victor. I know he is on drugs and I know he would come to you to get them.”
On her forearm was a splash of shocking white skin, as if a small child had spilled paint or glue on her. Angry redness and an intricate series of large blisters cascaded from this center point, an explosion of pain and damage.
“You are a dirty little bird aren’t you?” Sherlock’s voice was thick with intention. John whined at the stinging sensation. Slowly, Sherlock inserted two fingers into John’s slick eager hole.
It worked pretty well. Thursday and Sunday were the only days that John didn’t have his clerkship. He still had class on Thursday, but would spend all day Sunday at Baker Street.
Clementine gave a lopsided grin at the thought. She had been at the receiving end of Sherlock’s sharp tongue. She had wanted to punch him too, but in the end it had just brought them closer. There was no hiding from Sherlock. When she had finally come to terms with that and laid herself bare, let him see all the nasty broken pieces of her, is when they became inseparable.
Once he was able to come up for air he swiped the screen of his phone to read the text. Before he could even lay eyes on the message John had snatched the device from his hands. He sat up, straddling Sherlock’s lap and began reading out loud.
“Well, I’m about done getting my shite out of here and then I’m off to Reading for bit to visit family.”
The shorter man stilled at the words. They had never done that before. Sherlock had sucked him off plenty of times, but he had never been inside John. And at that moment John wondered why on earth not.
“As I have already explained to my brother, Doctor Watson, it was not in his best interests to continue your acquaintance. After Clementine’s death”— John’s jaw clenched at the sound of her name—“it was best for my brother to move on with his life and learn to take responsibility for himself. Pouring his sorrow for Clementine into a relationship with a soldier overseas was no way for him to heal. I know what kind of relationship you had—”
John stared up at Sherlock, his expression unreadable. Slowly he placed a hand over one of the hands still gently resting on his face. He gave Sherlock a soft smile.
Her father’s voice was level, calculating, and it shook her very core. That was the evil of the man. He at once practiced perfect control of his faculties, while being wholly unable to restrain his cruelty and anger. This allowed him to exact vicious mental and physical attacks on his family while no one was the wiser.
John felt a clenching in his chest, an overwhelming feeling of relief and desperation all mixed together.
Sherlock jumped back, as if cut by a sharp blade. Clementine sat on the bed, arms around her knees, trying to make herself as small as possible. Slowly Sherlock approached her, reaching his hand out.
Slowly John ran his hand through his hair, trying to slick back the few arrant strands that had fallen out in his previous excitement. When he lifted his head he was met with the sight he had been yearning for all day.
He could feel himself getting hard again. He started to stroke himself as he watched Clementine began to slow down the rolling of her hips. Then John heard her speak.
Then he crashed their lips together, projecting back to Sherlock everything he felt. The want. The need. The love.
A few moments later the lights had been dimmed, the docuseries was started, and John had a lap full of lanky chemist. He smiled to himself and gently stroked the curls laid before him, smooth as a fine whisky.
“Thank you for your preliminary care Dr. Watson, but we will no longer be in need of your services. Please pass all discharge information to a nurse or another doctor.”
John’s heart ached at the sight. He leaned forward onto his knees and crawled closer to them. Sherlock saw him and reached out his hand pulling John toward them.
Her words tore a sob from his chest. She wrapped an arm around his waist, pulling him closer to her. She lifted her head and tucked his into her neck now. She wrapped her other arm around his shoulder and held him tight as he wept with exhaustion and defeat.
John was sobbing with pleasure as he thrust forward into Clementine and back onto Sherlock's fingers, trapped between the two most beautiful people he had ever met. Then suddenly he felt very empty.
“I really like you too, John. I enjoy spending time with you. That’s why I went home with you that first night. I would never think you were the kind of guy who would just use me for sex. Using someone and having a non-romantic sexual relationship are two different things. You are a good man. Only a good man would step in the way you did earlier today and only a good man would offer up his services in time of war.”
The Holmes’s had been no exception. If anything they had been the first and most vehement. Due to Clementine and Sherlock’s friendship, the Holmes family had been the closest of them all. Now not only had their financial advisor and confidant killed his wife and assaulted their son, but he had threatened their fortune by associating them with drug trafficking and money laundering.
She had been expressly forbade from going to her room during today’s event. Her mother caught wind of her ploy and warned her not to continue for fear of her father finding out. Clementine knew that if her mother found out it wouldn’t be long before her father found out.
“I am so proud, so impressed by every case you solve.” He roughly pulled the trouser buttons free from their eyelets. Sherlock drowning in the praise and attention.
I know it’s not like he died. But I’m really struggling with it and I can’t tell anyone here. I don’t have anyone to talk to.
On the few nights that one or both of them were too busy, or frankly just not in the mood, for a good romp in the sack, John would sleep in his own room. He despised it. Sure his bed was comfortable enough, but it seemed colder and lonelier than sharing a bed with Sherlock.
Sherlock was thrown to the ground in the center of the ring. John practically launched himself over the barricade, but Sherlock was on his feet in mere moments.
Just as John was about to step forward and grab her he heard a shriek from behind. Suddenly Clementine was there, two beers in her hand, dancing just as crazy and wild as Harry.
When Sherlock deigned to acknowledge John’s presence, which he did more often than not, he would place his hand on top of John’s, giving it a gentle squeeze. They would eat together, sometimes watching crap telly, sometimes just chatting. On wild nights they would be called away on a case.
“The other men Clementine has dated were simply not good enough. Shallow, egotistical, jocks or public school prats who were only good for a nice shag. You are a good man John. You’re kind, compassionate, intelligent,” Sherlock paused, “but you are also leaving. It doesn’t matter how deeply you two may fall for each other. In less than a year’s time you will be gone, potentially forever. Clementine has seen enough of that in her life. She doesn’t need any more.”
John had hear of The Brick. He was a large Welshman, thicker than a brick wall and twice as hard. John had treated an opponent of his after The Brick landed a sucker punch while the other man was down. He was a prick and an asshole. The man had nearly died.
When morning came John was drawn from the bed by that ever incessant need for the loo. He extracted himself from Sherlock’s long heavy limbs and silently crept to the bathroom. Once finished he headed to the kitchen to prepare tea.
He looked down at the man on his knees. His posture looked contrite, but he looked dedicated to his task. As if he would be absolved of all wrong doing if he simply performed this service to John's satisfaction.
“You are so fucking gorgeous,” he said, slipping his hands up her shirt. He shifted the garment up to expose her breasts, still encased in a black lace bra. He instantly dove his face into her chest, kissing the supple mounds and trailing little sucking kisses along her cleavage. He could hear her whimpering below him.
He could see, from the small window in the corner of the screen that the image Clementine had was of Sherlock’s face and John, just over his shoulders.
A few hours in his mind palace would have to suffice for the evening. He had been meaning to rearrange some recent information he had gathered on the tensile strength of various fibers. He began with acetate and its various combinations with cotton, wool, silk and other materials. Then there was cotton, naturally, and its various iterations. Then cupro, the fast fashion answer to silk. Flannel, jute, and lyocell were next. Then came mohair, the common fabric used on military uniforms. He had always imagined that John looked amazing in his various military garb. He pictured him in camo fatigues in the hot desert sun, muscles straining under the weight of his pack. He had more than once touched himself to the image of John in military boots, fatigue pants, white vest and dog tags.
John regarded Sherlock as he began gathering his clothes haphazardly. He looked a bit lost, a bit frantic, but like he was trying his damndest not to let it show. John didn’t know if he should be concerned or find it endearing. He looked over to Clem, who didn’t seem too worried so he settled on endearing.
“Have you ever had him?” He asked, still whispering in her ear, eyes locked on Sherlock. She shook her head.
“Stop it!” Clementine shrieked and lunged toward him, clawing at his hands around her mother’s neck.
As he stood there in the middle of her room he was hard to recognize. This new Sherlock was far cry from his typical jeans, band t-shirts, and converse that Clementine was used to seeing him wear. His hair was even different. He had clipped it shorter, the curls behaving nicely for once, almost unnoticeable.
She knew he didn’t have to suspect. The bastard had probably been keeping tabs on her. She drew in a ragged breath and spoke again.
But now John had a different problem. His sister was currently wrapped around his girlfriend, expecting to take her home and shag her.
That is how all of his relationships had been. Nice, decent sex, but ultimately underwhelming and unfulfilling. But this thing with Sherlock was something else. Now that he knew what Sherlock looked like, what he sounded like, how he felt in John’s hand has he came, John had to have more.
The other man’s presence emboldened him. He gathered Clementine’s hair in his hands once again and angled his body to begin thrusting shallowly into her mouth. If Sherlock was going to watch John was sure as hell going to give him a show. He twisted his torso to accentuate the muscles in his chest and abdomen.
“Would you be interested in being that companion tonight?” Sherlock ground their erections together, as if to drive his question home.
The other soldiers in my squad are great. You get pretty close pretty fast out here. It’s weird. Everything is a bit heightened. I can’t explain it. Almost like everything is just more intense, but not in a way that you really notice moment to moment. Anyway, I probably not making much sense. We hang out in the evenings drinking and playing cards in the mess hall. Most of my days are spent in the medical barracks, though. We have a small field hospital, though I think the words “small” and “hospital” are both a bit generous. We can patch guys up so they can be sent out to fully equipped hospitals, but we aren’t really set up for much more. People come in and out for routine check-ups. Heat stroke, swamp foot, tendinitis are all pretty common.
She saw one of the officers lean over her mother then look to another and shake her head. She knew what that meant. A wave of panic seized her and she flailed even harder.
Sherlock began thrusting deep and fast. John reveled in the rolling pressure of the other man’s cock. So overcome with pleasure, John leaned forward onto Clem, resting his forehead on her shoulder. He could feel her arms go shaky.
Then, slowly, very slowly, sank back down, feeling them fill her once again. This drew a collective moan from the three of them.
Sherlock was full to bursting with pleasure, desire, with love. He knew now, from this moment on, there was no going back. He could never live without John Watson. He could no longer go on without having John Watson, body, mind, and soul. As the realization washed over him his climax him like a tidal wave.
That was it. Without ever talking about it, the two had become lovers and partners in life. There was no big announcement. They just continued living their lives the way they always had in public, allowing people to think whatever they wanted. Neither assumptions that they were lovers, which there had been since the moment John moved in with Sherlock all those years ago, nor assumptions that they were just friends and flatmates bothered either of them.
“Well, you are working for the Met. Still living at Baker Street, but what else have you been doing?”
“Preferably my room.” She finished with a cheeky tone and turned to walk back to her room. This time there was no sound of the door closing.
As crazy as it sounds, it makes me look forward to going out on missions. We scouted some roads the other day. They suspected Al-Qaida was moving weapons on them. It was quite thrilling actually. Just a small team of us, out in the desert on our own for a few days. Knowing at any moment something could happen. We could be found. There could be gun fire or an IED. I don’t mean to sound flippant, but it is quite thrilling. It is a lot like being in A & E. It’s exciting and dangerous and you really get the sense that you are doing something important. In the end, though, nothing happened. We didn’t see anything.
cunt. There was a small patch of hair on her front, but she was otherwise completely hairless. Her entire slit was visible and Sherlock reveled in that as John plunged into her.
Sherlock frantically began jerking himself in time with John’s thrusts and a few seconds later he was cumming.
“I want you to open me up so I can fuck myself on your cock. I’ve wanted you to fuck me again ever since that first time. I’ve thought about it in the shower while I tossed myself off. I think about it when I’m at the lab. It’s infuriating.”
The two jumped up from their stools and headed upstairs, leaving behind the remnants of their scones on the counter.
Last night had been amazing. He should be exhausted, snuggled into his lovers like Clem or completely passed out like Sherlock, but John just lay there unable to sleep. His mind could not stop going over the events of the previous day.
“If you think for one moment that I thought you were good for anything other than a decent shag then you were sorely mistaken. You many say you never stopped caring, but believe me when I say that the only one I
At first, as a young child, he didn’t understand. He thought he had done something to make her mad. That she didn’t like him anymore. So he would sit quietly in her room and read, while she lay curled on her bed unmoving and quiet.
This kiss was not like the others they had shared. Not the ones on the lips and definitely not the ones on the head. While affection ran through all of them, this one had a strong current of desire. They were on edge, energy still running high. Their hands began traveling across the other’s body. John darted his tongue out to taste Sherlock’s lower lip, sucking it between his own lips briefly.
Bear with me. I'm going to try to add some plot to this porn. We shall see if I am capable. Thanks for the kudos and feedback so far! You are all lovely. :)
Frantically they began kissing, tangling their arms around each other. John pulled their groins together and he could feel Sherlock’s answering hardness. Quickly they divested themselves of their shirts. John pulled back to tug down the cotton trousers Sherlock had been wearing. He had neglected to put on pants, to John’s delight.
“And where are you off to?” Sherlock asked as John bounded into the living room to gather his jacket and keys. John didn’t even look over at him.
After Sherlock bailed on them at Barts John returned to Baker Street to wait for him. Sherlock returned late that evening in a manic state.
“Close the curtains tight,” she instructed, “It will be important for you to stay warm. You need to create a small space that you can keep as warm as possible. Get some blankets, start a fire, close off the doors to the living room and hunker down.”
“So seeing as I already know the secret of what is under your bed and I am sure not to tell a single person I don’t see why I cannot remain here, hidden.”
Instantly Clementine howled in pleasure, bucking her body up off the bed. John caught her around the rib cage and pressed her back to his chest. Both of them upright, John continued to thrust up into her as she met each stroke with a corresponding dip of her hips. His fingers continued their ministrations and the noises that spilled from Clementine’s lips were positively sinful.
“Can I touch you,” John gently ran his fingers down Sherlock’s back, bringing them to rest at the split of his gorgeous arse, “here?”
“Sorry! Sorry!” Clem said backing away from him as much as she could in the tight space. Her heart was racing. She looked around frantically. Panicked, she wasn’t sure what to do.
“Sherlock! Sherlock!” John yelled as Clementine clenched around him and Sherlock hit that sweet spot over and over.
“Eventually, Mycroft and Clementine found me. They promised that if I got sober we could live together. Well, unfortunately things aren’t quite that easy. I was in and out of rehab facilities for the next year or so. When I was finally clean and sober we moved in together and began uni.”
“Yeah, he’s here.” She said into the device. Hitting another button, she returned the phone to her pocket. Victor looked at her tentatively.
Clementine walked toward him wearily, as if he were a scared animal that might run away at any moment.
He kissed Sherlock’s neck, tasting the salt on his skin, letting the sound of his lover’s moan penetrate him deep.
But he was also ashamed. It was a constant reminder of his failure. She had protected him all of those years and he was helpless to protect her from what tormented her.
John ran a comb through his hair, slicking back his bright blond locks. He knew that his interest in men, while distasteful in polite public society, was not a deformity and certainly not one he alone suffered. He’d had plenty of lovers in his life, men and women. Since his return from the war, however, any feelings had been rare, but when he locked eyes with Holmes the other night he felt a familiar stirring.
The body roused with a groan. As the face turned up toward her, Clem drew her hand back in fright. This wasn’t Sherlock. The face of an old man, sporting only about three teeth, all black, peered up at her. His face was sagged, scarred and dirty.
“Hmm? What was that?” His voice was playful, but dark. “I asked if you liked being fucked whilst being watched.”
He walked behind the two younger children, draping his arms over their shoulders and escorting them to Mycroft.
“Stay here.” John instructed, then carefully extricated himself from Sherlock’s lap and disappeared into the bathroom. He returned shortly, trousers done back up, looking more put together than Sherlock who was still sitting on the couch boneless, soft cock still hanging from his pants. John had brought a washcloth with him. Its warmth and wetness as John gently wiped him clean and tucked him back into his trousers. John threw the cloth on the ground when he was finished and collapsed next to Sherlock on the couch. Sherlock wrapped his arms around John, pulling him close and kissing the top of his head.
Then, just as a dream propels you into a new reality, Greg Lestrad was there and John finds himself being whisked away with Sherlock to a crime scene. Now, he stands in a top floor room of a large run down house. It looks and smells like a squatters haven. Below him lay the body of a woman dressed in a garish pink. The bright forensic lights gave an alien feel to the room. The woman looked peaceful and out of place.
“I figured you wouldn’t understand. I wanted to do something more sophisticated, but I guess that was too much to ask.”
Sherlock finally lifted his head from the scope and gazed out the windows of the living room. Briefly he recalled John pulling back the curtains earlier saying something about the magic of snow falling over the city. Though, as he examined the precipitation, it seemed less like magic and more like a hazard.
John could feel the heat pooling in the pit of his stomach. He took another look at Sherlock who, watching with rapt attention, had brought his fingertips to brush the plump expanse of his lips. That was it for John. He slammed his eyes closed as he thrust one, two, three more times before succumbing to wave after wave of his orgasm. Clementine was practically screaming her release as her body convulsed around him.
“Yes. I put my knees up so he could see me better. He kept touching me. Putting his long fingers deep into me.”
John groaned at this and grabbed the waist of Sherlock’s trousers and pants. Slowly he lowered them until they pooled around the man’s feet. Carefully Sherlock stepped out of his clothes and kicked them to the side. There he stood naked and bared before his roommate who still lay on her side appraising the two men before her.
I know you won’t write back. Probably are living somewhere else entirely. If you have been paying attention to the news you will know that things have escalated over here. There are more missions every day. More and more soldiers are coming back to the hospital wounded. It keeps me busy, but I cannot say that it is a good busy.
“Looks like the only one left is you.” This comment John directed at Sherlock. “Touch yourself.” He commanded. “Show us how to please you.”
Sorry, I hate when fics just regurgitate scenes from the series, but I have gotten to that point in the story where the series and fic collide. Please bear with me.
“Let me show you just how wet I can make her.” With that Sherlock lined up his cock and slid into her. A long moan escaping Clementine’s lips as she was stretched open deliciously. She had only seen Sherlock’s cock a few times and had marveled at its size, always wondering what it would feel like inside her. Now she knew. It was glorious.
“Oh come off it,” said Mike, the one who had actually introduced John to Clementine the previous week. “You’re just pissed he outted you and Sally to Marg. If you didn’t want to get caught cheating on your girlfriend then you shouldn’t have cheated in the first place.” Mike was a med student along with John and Anderson. Sally and Greg both studied criminology, but Greg was stuck taking chemistry as a general requirement.
To his surprise the kitchen was not as empty as it had been on his previous visit. Sitting at the table, eyes glued to a microscope, was Sherlock.
The three of them had fallen into a companionable routine. Without actually discussing it, the three became exclusive. For John it was almost by default. Not only was he completely content with the two lovers he had, there was no additional time for casual dating. Sherlock had a bit more time, but had never been one for casual dating to begin with.
He blew out a frustrated breath and had to hold back the urge to run his gloved hands through his hair as further demonstration of his aggravation. He didn’t know what else to do.
He didn't seem threatening, though, and at least seemed to know Clementine so John didn't feel the need to get violent.
And he had. He had enjoyed himself thoroughly. But as he sat on the side of the bed he realized what a selfish decision that had been.
It wasn’t enough. It was too much. He felt his orgasm approaching, but it seemed so far out of reach. John pistoned his fingers in and out of Sherlock’s body, now sucking his cock with dogged determination.
Sherlock just grunted as they entered Clem’s room. It was the same room he ran into all those years ago as a child. The bed still in the corner. Reading chair in the other corner. Though it had been a few years now since Clem had cleared out the underside of the bed.
“You get yourself all smooth and shiny and pink for me. Put on some lace and lay it out for me when I come home. How lucky can one man get?” With that he gave her a playful smack on the bum. Clem just giggled.
Clementine leaned back to regard the man she once called brother. He was sweating and worried. She could feel her heart racing. What had happened to Sherlock?
Sebastian’s face went red with fury and embarrassment. He marched toward Clementine, who didn’t shrink back in the slightest. Out of all the concerns Clem had in her life, Sebastian Wilkes was not one of them.
“Don’t,” came Clementine’s voice from behind him. “He’s not worth it. He’s just a self-important sleazy twat. He’s not worth the trouble.”
He gave a pointed look at Sherlock, who looked flushed and was breathing heavily. Clementine simply moaned in response.
John sighed, rubbing his hands over his face as his sister began dancing once again. That was it. He braced himself to grab the woman and drag her from the establishment. If the barkeep couldn’t handle the situation he would.
“Not that you are concerned with my safety one lick, but he nearly flattened me on my way into the building.”
Sherlock stood from his seat at the desk. Looking down at John he gently rested his hands on either side of John’s face and slowly leaned down, placing a soft kiss on John’s lips.
John tried to push his way through the crowd. He had to get to Sherlock before the man disappeared. There was no use. It was too thick with drunks and gamblers that would not be moved.
“Because the last I checked when you really cared about someone you avoided permanent absenteeism or at the very least at least provided some kind of an explanation—”
“She was on the floor. He had her by the hair and she was crying. Her face was red and her nose was bleeding.”
Sherlock had completely invaded John’s space at this point. He was staring down at him, the heat in his eyes shifting from anger to desire.
They lay in bed for some time after, just holding each other, caressing, kissing. Eventually, though, the day had to get going. John made breakfast while Sherlock showered. They went on as usual. John wasn’t due at the clinic that day so he spent his time cleaning, writing his blog, and running errands.
“And you can forget about me helping you with whatever bullshit experiment you brought me here for.” She stalked back to her bedroom and slammed the door.
Clementine was outside the restaurant pacing. John turned to watch her through the large glass door and windows that adorned the front of the building. It seemed less like she was hailing a cab and more like she was arguing with someone inside her head.
It took all the effort John had to keep his hands steady. He could feel himself shaking from within. Her cries destressed him in a primal gut-wrenching manner that he had never felt. His misery made all the more acute with the knowledge that he was doing this to her.
I went back and updated/edited the previous two chapters as of a few hours before this chapter was posted, just to clean them up a bit and make them flow better. Nothing has changed in terms of plot, but I would suggest re-reading them. :)
John considered himself handsome, but knew few women would be willing to go home with a cripple. Even if he managed to spark the interest of a lass, they would likely run in disgust once they saw his shoulder.
John could feel his heart pounding, the ache in his groin pulsing with each beat. He could see the other man’s chest rise and fall with measured breathes. The smell of tobacco and sweat teased his senses. He couldn’t decide whether he wanted to melt into the wall behind him or surge forward into the body in front of him.
“My life isn’t usually as damsel-in-destress-y as it was yesterday. In fact it’s usually rather boring.”
“No.” John said. “No. I didn’t mean—It’s just—I wanted you to know that it’s fine. Given our…history…I didn’t want things to be awkward. So, it’s fine. It’s all fine.”
“Listen,” he said in a lowered, sympathetic tone. “He’s in it bad. He could be anywhere. Honestly. But if you want to find him your best bet is to start with Seb.”
“As I’ve already explained to you, you are not a pathologist and therefore do not have the privilege of examining dead bodies. The hospital was worried about chemical contamination and so her cremation was performed expeditiously. As for the lab, perhaps the police had already cleaned up.”
Sherlock had removed his fingers and was slicking up his hardened length. Then John felt the blunt tip of Sherlock’s cock pressed against his stretched hole.
As their kisses grew more frantic and needy words ceased to matter. Sherlock began to push John backward, pulling at the hem of his shirt as he went. They stumbled through the kitchen, where John’s shirt was discarded on the floor, followed quickly by Sherlock’s towel.
He picked up his instruments and began his work, poking, cutting, wiping, picking. Some moments were so painful Clementine buried her face in Sherlock’s chest to scream. The sound reverberating in his ribcage. Her pain reflected on the man’s tortured face.
“Yes!” John shouted this time. “Yes, I want you to fuck me. I need your cock Sherlock. Please. You feel so good. I need—I need—”
Her nose was broken as well as a few of the surrounding bones. Any tensing of her face or jaw caused serious pain. It was even difficult for her to eat solid foods. The swelling in her eyes had subsided enough that she could see again, but her face was grotesque. Purple, blue and red. The white bandage splint crossing the bridge of her nose was a stark contrast to the noxious colors of her skin. She was too fixated on watching the seemingly endless stream of her family’s possessions being loaded onto trucks, to pay much attention to the pain.
Sherlock could barely think. He only barely managed to gasp out, “Yes! YES!” in response before he was cumming.
When he walked into the party he was struck dumb. The ballroom of the house was crusted with crystal light fixtures, the largest of which a gold plated chandelier that dripped heavily from the middle of the room. The furniture was plush velvet and silk. The wall paper intricately patterned and the art work elegantly framed. A string quartet played in the corner. Servers in black and white carried silver trays to and fro.
John took his phone from where Sherlock still clutched it, crossed into the living room and grabbed his jacket from the floor where it still lay.
, John wondered. He wasn’t sure about all the proper fashion terms he was supposed to be reporting on. Her hair was raven black and gathered delicately on the top of her head in a crown of curls. Her lips painted bright red, a rather shocking accessory for a woman of her standing.
He gently pulled his arm from her grip and got into the cab. Immediately she pulled her phone out and called Mycroft.
Nothing changed for them outside the flat. They did not touch or kiss in front of other people. Even though they had never discussed this new aspect of their friendship, neither ever tried to show affection in public. It didn’t feel right to either of them. What they shared they shared for them and them alone.
The voice penetrated the air once again. It was heavy, breathy, and slightly annoyed coming through softly gritted teeth.
It had been three weeks since John had been to Baker Street, though. It was exam were on and he was so busy that he lived in the hospital, library, and class room. He even took naps in the basement of the library in between study sessions.
“I lost you once Sherlock. I can’t go through that again. Please.” Tears began to form at the corners of her eyes. Sherlock turned his gaze from her to his brother.
Without further preamble Sherlock gripped John’s prick at the base and sank down onto it with a howl.
John wash the memory down with the sting of cheap whisky. The lines of reality and fantasy blurring.
John realized what had just happened, realized what they had all just witnessed. He put an arm firmly around Sherlock’s waste, standing close to his side. Sherlock pulled him nearer with an arm around the shorter man’s back.
The flakes fell heavily and a wind had picked up, causing the windows to rattle slightly in their old wooden frame. Sherlock decided the best place to be at that moment, the only place he wanted to be, was wrapped around John Watson.
“Fight until someone can’t get up. Never hit a man when he’s down. No hitting below the waist. Shake hands when you’re done. Have at it.”
“You are so gorgeous. Look at you. You want to cum so badly don’t you?” Her words were like warm honey.
The red heat of embarrassment and arousal pricked Sherlock’s face as his hand was lifted to John's mouth. Slowly and delicately, John began to lick the sticky mess from Sherlock’s flesh. He lapped at his palm, letting his lips brush the soft pads of his hands. He snaked his tongue out to wrap around each digit before sucking it into his mouth with a low moan. When John pulled the last of the man’s fingers from his mouth Sherlock was finally able to breathe again and sucked in a shaky breath.
John had no idea why he was back in London. There was nothing here for him except a too small bedsit and a therapist who didn’t truly understand. Once again John Watson was alone. Purely and utterly alone. Perhaps alone is what the universe wanted for him. All indications pointed to that.
“Yes, Sherlock! Yes! We looked at him. He was out of town at a swimming event. There is no way that he did anything to her that night.”
“Yes. That’s right. After years and years of recovery John you have managed to throw her into a relapse!”
At first John just stood there taking in his disheveled sate. His shirt was ruffled, but still buttoned. His trousers were around his hips, but his cock hung free from where his flies had been undone. Far too many clothes for John’s taste.
It was a sad song he had heard once on the radio, but it had hit him so deeply that it was the one thing he grabbed at in moments of sheer helplessness, of drowning in feelings he had no idea how to process.
“But you let him fuck you?” There was no malice in his voice. It was as if he were coaxing her to admit an embarrassing moment. It entertained him. Pleased him.
It wasn’t until John had already taken the first few bites of toast and sips of tea that the other man made a noise.
Clementine poured hot water into waiting mugs and handed one to each man, giving them a quick kisses. John took his tea and sat at the table watching a well-practiced morning routine.
But for now, everything was being seized in evidence, the house, the art, the books, what would have been her inheritance. She had nothing. She was nothing. She wanted to be loaded up onto the trucks and packed away with everything else.
“Riff raff or no, I’m sure he would be more comfortable without you wandering around the flat in such a state of undress.”
“Sherlock wants to know what it feels like to be fucked by me. Be a dear and oblige him.” He released her hair and continued fucking her.
Slowly he started to pump into her again without relenting his grip on her hair. Her back was arched seductively and ensured he hit her at just the right angle with each thrust.
“You do if that is what will protect them. You do anything to protect the people you love, even if it
The boy was balling his fists in anger now. Slowly he stepped forward in an intimidating move. Clementine was
John ran his hands lightly down his lover’s flank. They had managed to find all of their clothes in the dark, but decided to lay in their pants. Sherlock said it would maximize body heat transfer, but John had his doubts. Still, he wasn’t going to complain.
John snatched the phone from Sherlock’s hand just as his head fell to the couch, completely overcome with sensation. John straightened up from where he had been hunched over Sherlock and stared at the image on the phone.
Sherlock’s body clenched around John as he came. That’s when John lost himself. He slammed into Sherlock, one, two more times and was cumming.
Clementine writhed above him as he flicked at her clit with his tongue. John heard the shuffle of clothes off to his side. Sherlock had adjusted himself in his seat. John peaked over Clementine’s leg to see that he was now lounged back in the chair legs spread wide, eyelids heavy, and trousers tented with a substantial erection. The sight was incredibly erotic and John decided he needed more of it.
“He finally let go of mum. She grabbed both of us and put us back to bed.” He wiped at his eyes and cleared his throat. “And that’s how I learned there was no Santa,” he chuckled darkly.
Slowly he pushed one finger in and then another. He pumped in and out as Sherlock continued to rock up into her, leaning down periodically to suck at her breasts.
“Well then be careful when you go back to his room. You might get an eye full.” And with that she walked away.
Suddenly, with the speed of a striking snake, her father reached out and grabbed her by the hair at the back of her head, yanking her out of the chair. Clementine gave a short startled cry.
He had been working in the A&E for about two months now. Once he received his orders and realized he would be thrown into the midst of trauma medicine in less than a year he decided some practice was in order. He spoke to some administrators at his uni and the hospital and had his A&E rotation bumped up.
“I want you to feel so good John.” She whispered in his ear, tucking herself against him once more. “I want you to come completely undone.”
This time, however, he was trying to reassure the girl. He thought that showing her she didn’t need to keep the secret from him, for he already knew it, would have stopped her from so vehemently denying him access to the spot. The look on her face seemed to say otherwise. So, as convention told him was wise, he added a final appeal.
Sherlock threw his head back in pleasure and was unabashedly moaning with every movement, up and down.
John gasped in a shuttering breath and regarded the creature before him, almost ephemeral in the cloud of smoke around his face, as if he could disappear at any moment. Lost to John forever. His stomach dropped at the thought.
John stared at the heaving chest of the victorious man. His face mottled with blood and dirt, dark curls thick with sweat, clinging to his forehead and neck. Every vein in the man’s arms were prominent and pulsing.
He remembered that day. They had gone for a walk through the city. It was one of the few times when they were all free from work and school and the two of them were able to convince Sherlock to get out of the house with them. Clementine had insisted on taking the picture. She said that it was a historic occasion, getting Sherlock out of the house without the allure of deductions, science, or tracking down Clem. John could feel his eyes beginning to wet.
That feeling welled inside him now as he eyed the yellow marks peeking out from the neck line of Mrs. Powers’ shirt. He wanted to put both of them in his new car and drive far far away from that house. But he couldn’t. He knew he couldn’t. He was just a useless teenager.
Sherlock slowly turned his head toward the two people fucking right next to him, as the visions and sounds flooded over him.
Mycroft didn’t so much as chuckle. Sherlock hung up. Thumbing through his phone he scrolled to Molly’s number. Surely he could leverage the morgue worker’s feelings for him to gain access to a few body parts for a few experiments he had in mind. Then he remembered her babbling about some long holiday weekend she was taking with her sister. There would be no spare body parts for him that evening. He lay on the couch, defeated.
Sherlock wrapped his long arms around John’s trunk and began sucking at his neck. John stared over Sherlock’s shoulder at the image in his hand.
Sherlock had been away at some conference. What chemists talked about at a conference was beyond John. What would possess Sherlock to attend a conference was even more of a mystery.
A group of men had entered the ring to collect The Brick. Sherlock looked down in a scoff as the referee grabbed his hand, hoisting it high in the air, declaring him the winner. Another wave of cheers crashed over John. He could feel the weight of the excitement, the shuffling bodies pressing him tighter against the barricade.
“Please,” came Clementine’s response. John added a liberal amount of milk to the tea then handed it to her. She took it with a gracious smile then walked over to the couch.
But then he left. He left her hear and he didn’t look back. He abandoned her, cut her off from everything she knew and loved.
Mycroft gave a pinched smile and slight nod to the man before extending his hands to take those of the two children in front of him.
The veneer had not just crumbled. It had shattered. Mycroft was a quivering blubbering mess in a chair.
Upon his arrest and the subsequent investigation had been discovered that her father had in fact not only been a financial advisor to London’s aristocrats, but also Columbia’s drug lords. When the police searched the house they found her father’s ledgers.
“Your limp. It’s psychosomatic. Your therapist doesn’t think you can properly handle the information. So she hasn’t told you yet.”
And, in a way, John did. While he had never liked the British Government, Clementine had always trusted and loved him. John had never seen him act maliciously toward either Clementine or Sherlock. Controlling and overbearing? Sure. But it could not be said that Mycroft had acted in any way that was intended to harm them. That had to mean something didn’t it? The fact that John did not, apparently, warrant such consideration from the man was not exactly surprising.
“I want you to imagine that your fist is her dripping wet cunt. Do you want me to describe it you? Let you know how good it feels?”
She could lie. Tell him she moved here for uni. Moved into her aunt’s spare apartment for the safety and price. Clem settled on a half-truth.
“This.” She waved her hand to the restaurant, the table, the candle. “When you said you wanted to get dinner I was thinking takeaway not candle light.”
Suddenly, John heard the beeping of a phone that was not his. He spun on his heels. Standing in the archway between the living room and the kitchen was Sherlock.
Clementine took another bite, pressing her fingers to the plate to pick up the fallen crumbs. She sucked the tip into her mouth ravenously. Suddenly there was a hot cup of tea in front of her. A milky Irish breakfast, her other favorite.
John gave the other doctor a tight smile, quickly grabbing a glass of Champaign off a passing tray. He drank it down in one gulp.
Then suddenly he was completely engulfed in the heat of Sherlock’s mouth. He looked down and saw those gorgeous lips stretched around his girth and groaned with satisfaction. Sherlock began bobbing on John’s cock and John met the movements of his head with small thrusts of his hips.
“Sherlock Holmes,” Clementine spat out both in response to John’s question and as a challenge to her roommate, “what are you playing at?”
“He tried breaking back into the hospital to see you a few times. They sent him to the country for the rest of the summer. He ran away three times. Presumably to find you. When school started things just got worse. He came home with bruises every week from fights. At first it just seemed to be insipid teenagers saying things about what had happened to you. We thought it would settle down, but then he began instigating the fights. He would spout off cruel and unnecessary deductions to provoke people.”
“Sounds like you guys need to batten down the hatches there,” she said, slipping her blouse back on.
John pulled back from the kisses and pushed Sherlock’s hand out of the way. He pushed their erections together wrapping his hand around both, stroking them in unison. Sherlock had been watching with rapt attention, but at the first firm stroke his eyes slammed shut. John’s other hand gripped firmly at the back of Sherlock’s neck.
“I was there,” he confessed to his hands. “I was feeling a lot of things at that time. I couldn’t bring myself to say goodbye to you in person, but I had to see you off.”
Sherlock startled and popped off his prick with a smacking sound, his face a mix of startled and frightened. John instantly realized his mistake.
The ring was nothing more than a baren circle of dirt surrounded by a makeshift wall of pallets and scrap wood.
A smile spread across his sharp features as Clementine rushed passed John, now wearing shorts and a t-shirt under her dressing gown, and wrapped her arms around the intruder.
A single baby more hardly made him a broodmare. Even a single pregnancy of multiples didn’t make him that.
“I am not in the mood for having my patience tried right now, Sherlock. This may not be my world anymore, if it ever was, but this is my domain, my expertise and you’ll not try to tell me my own job. Understood?”
Sherlock kept an eye on John out of the corner of it as they walked towards the address they’d been given before they’d left the UK.
Insecurities and questions of varying kinds come to light as they continue to try and navigate not just the now but some of what has been left unsaid from before
“I know, I know. And they’re growing well, too, according to the doctor and the scans. High end of the curve and everything because of course you couldn’t do things by half, now could you?”
“No, I’m not joking and it’s not for a case,” Sherlock therefore hastened to say, almost tripping over the words in order to get them out fast enough. “I promise you, John, it’s nothing like that. I wouldn’t do – I know better than that and I promise that I’d never do that to – “
The point was that he would need to wear something that could feasibly fit into all eventualities, with the caveat that no matter that he picked the nicest button-down and pullover he owned, it wouldn’t do for the high society thing, not even if he put a blazer over it. Which he wouldn’t. If he needed to run around, he would need some flexibility to his outfit.
Nor did they know that he liked to relinquish that control but only to someone who could be trusted not to abuse it.
Sherlock slowly started to shake and for a moment, John thought that he was going to cry. That would be alright, of course. In fact, though it would be the first time he could remember his friend actually genuinely crying, it would be beneficial for him, to get some sort of proper outlet.
“The fountain of youth and a potential hoard of gold at the same time. Hardly an opportunity people are going to pass up. They’d do it for either, honestly, but for both?”
“Tomorrow,” the Alpha repeated, insistent but gentle. “You’re in no fit state now nor will you be when we get home. I’ll look over them for you tonight, if you want, but only if you rest.”
Was it really or was he saying that to appease his friend more than anything else? To calm him and prevent him from swerving himself back into some sort of state? It wouldn’t be a stretch to believe that a genuine risk and therefore, to say something that stood a chance of preventing it wasn’t much of a stretch, either. So, the question became, did he really mean that it was?
“You’re exhausted, Sherlock, aside from everything else, and to be honest, so am I.” He stepped closer to the still sitting consulting detective, who in turn pulled him closer still by his hips. Another good sign.
When it came to whether Sherlock ought to be believed or not, it was usually legitimate issues, admittedly, even if he had got better. The point was that it would possibly, no, probably, considering John’s own ideas of commitment and traditions, take nothing short of a proposal to get that through his brain properly.
She had still been asleep, her covers pulled up despite the reasonable weather. He had wanted to gather some things for her before they left but something inside of him, he said, had propelled him to go to her bed and pick her up immediately. She hadn’t even stirred.
Even so, there’s been more than a few good suggestions, a little reluctant though he was to admit it, and even offers to find someone to do all the work for him. After all, it wasn’t as though there was a lot of time left and it was a job that would take time as well as some skill.
He unconsciously rolled his shoulder, as the scar tissue itched in remembrance, that frustrating itch underneath the skin that no amount of scratching would alleviate.
John frowned at him. “No, of course I don’t approve. There’s nothing good to be said about it – and yeah, I know, I work at a newsagent, it comes with the territory, and it’d be a bit hypocritical to lecture you.”
“Something to that effect, yeah. What – oh, you mean that if you’ve felt that strong a need to claim me, which you obviously have, what with…” he waved a hand to encapsulate them, “and all, then it would be odd not to feel that when you were that close to me. Kissing me and all. You seemed to have a fondness for my…my throat.”
“It goes into our bones. Whatever we collect is stamped into our bones in the sense that it leaves a small trace behind for every item, in much the same sense as vitamins are stored in the liver for a human being or, perhaps more accurately, minerals are stored in the bones for them. How it works exactly is…somewhat mystical,” he made a small grimace at that, as though the fact that it had to be explained so imprecisely was painful, “owing to the inherent and frustratingly uncatalogued magic at work. But the fact of the matter is that does work.”
The look in the brunet’s eyes prevented him from feeling like an utter fool again. Still mostly like a fool but not completely so, and it was mixed with warmth that such a look was directed at him.
Sherlock merely hummed, whether in agreement or just because he thought there wasn’t more to say, it wasn’t entirely clear. Whichever the case, John wasn’t annoyed by it.
Something inside Sherlock kicked into motion, then. It didn’t stop to consult neither his body nor his mind before it commandeered the whole lot of it.
Well, that and the fact that he now had something he could do to help. Possibly help, at least, but something was better than nothing, which was what he’d had before.
Then the doctor shook his head and with it, his apparent apathy. Well, no, it wasn’t…it wasn’t quite as simple as that, though he wished it would be.
Sherlock, for his part, only seemed impassive on the outside. Inside, he was struggling a little. Not, as John might have suspected would be the case, with the feeling of betrayal and lack of trust in him. Well, perhaps to some extent.
So why the bleeding hell had he not only gone in but had asked for whether there were other things he could be needing? In other circumstances, it made perfect sense for him to get several things sorted in one go. Especially when it was a multiple birth with its own set of issues, and he was a first timer in that regard.
Sherlock’s face must’ve changed to match his hurt at the words because John’s own face contorted in a light grimace at that.
He tried to push it down again so that he could give his brain some much-needed rest. Not peace of mind, as such, because he would never not have it in his mind, to the day it was resolved, one way or the other. Just enough of a calm to actually recharge, something that he very much needed. Which was another reason he wanted to get out for a bit.
Which then tied back to the phone. That he’d failed to think of getting rid of the phone earlier, that he’d brought it here might actually turn to be a boon within a bane. If one of the owners made the connection, or the Alpha made mention of the phone, possibly in some sort of effort to get the desired Omega back, and subsequently used that to try and trace them, then the fact that John had it would at least lead them in the wrong direction.
because I’ve had just about enough for one day and you’re not going to rile me or intimidate me or whatever else Alpha knotweed shite you’re trying to pull. So…just, go the fuck away.”
Right now, though, did it matter all that much? Wasn’t it more important to assure him he wouldn’t well enough that he’d be believed and then he could, hopefully with Sherlock’s help, work out what the underlying cause was at a later time?
“Don’t!” he warned and there was steel in there that the doctor couldn’t remember hearing in it before.
“I don’t think that you would ever harm me,” he began, looking the other in the eye. “I never have, whatever you have been up to. I wasn’t thinking it through, which is no excuse, I know, and I’m not trying to make it one.” He swallowed a little. “It was a stupid thing to say, with no justification, and I’m truly sorry I said it, love.”
The mental and emotional aftermath, that was, the latter of which was probably the bigger issue for both of them.
If her mind was still there enough to not only speak, which required far more of you than people tended to give it credit for, but also to recognise him, there was hope that she could make a recovery. Perhaps not a full one, that might be a touch too optimistic, but maybe enough that she could have a good life, regardless.
Whatever else he was, Sherlock was Sherlock, and he was his friend. His best friend, even if it was a one-sided thing.
“No, I mean, with…with tongues.” Was he destined to be tongue-tied and awkward around John from now on? Why was it only now that was an issue?
‘I’m asking whether you’ve seen it. Not taken it, just seen it. Picked it up, put it away, that sort of thing.’
It was a trade-off he would never have expected he would settle for, let alone want, and yet, annoyed as he was for the instance of it, it felt like a very small price to pay and one that he would gladly pay.
When combined with the black eye and the split lip, however, not to mention the minute tremble of the hands as they gripped the side of the thick oak door – which was entirely intact, as was the lock and the sides – as well as the already reddening marks of fingers around the throat, barely visible over a collar that had deliberately been pulled high to hide things, it told a much more complete, and very worrying, story.
So, some of the research he’d been doing in the time he’d been awake hadn’t been on Ruby and her condition, whether there was any precedent on such a small scent output as his Omega’s or if it could be triggered by a traumatic event. It had instead been on how you best took care of your Omega and how to curb and control instincts in a series of different situations.
But they did need to discuss it because part of the assignment was to pick an English literature poem someone had put music to. He highly doubted they’d get away with skipping the poem part entirely.
To that end, he took it back out, put it in its paper bag, its expensive-looking paper bag, then put it in the messenger bag. The ears still poked out, but it was at least somewhat better protected than it had been, which was the main thing.
“For what it’s with, it doesn’t sound stupid to me,” he said when he pulled back. “It sounds sweet, in its own strange way. Thank you.”
Btw, I know John isn't handling that whole exchange quite right and that was...rather the point. Just to say, I know :)
Mycroft hadn’t answered him about how long he’d known but it didn’t matter. What mattered was that, despite the continued shielding, the closer he’d gotten, the clearer he could see that thin but growingly tangible thread of John beneath it.
“And what if I want everything?” he whispered and his voice had dropped a little, which sent another, stronger shiver up John’s spine. “What if I want you to open me slowly and then slide in, filling me over and over again?”
Mycroft sighed, and part of John felt almost relieved at the strained, long-suffering patience with exasperation lurking just beneath. That felt reassuringly normal and known, especially for their interactions. More so when instead of a dragon shape flickering, he pinched the bridge of his nose.
Which included, it seemed, things about his life that would by anybody else be deemed outright boring.
For the moment, it felt as though so long as he had hold of John’s hand, then nothing could go wrong or be the matter. That everything would be alright then. It was nonsense, of course, and he knew it. However, that did not alter the feeling or diminish it in any way.
The last part of the thought shocked him just a little. That said, he also came to realise it was true,.
His gaze flickered over to where Moran stood. He hadn’t seen any indicators of a weapon, on his person or around him but it would be just as well to make sure. A knife would be a problem if thrown, but Moran was noted in the army for his skill with the rifle or similar weapons, not for his prowess with a hunting knife.
This, on the other hand, though there was an element of duty to it, too, was his in a way that they couldn’t ever be, and he would protect it.
In something of an odd way, he was glad John didn’t mention him, considering that. Not that he needed to say it, because he felt almost entirely certain that John was already perfectly aware of what exactly was going on, what with his wishes to become a doctor once he left school and his not entirely shoddy powers of deduction.
Well, carnage was probably too dramatic a word for it, as was destruction. Mess didn’t convey the severity. Possibly wreckage was the appropriate term for what his bedroom had become.
He figured, no, deduced, he couldn’t be the only one, though. Not with how open and genuinely kind John was, not to mention very good-looking, in a way that was approachable and charming rather than distanced or superior. There would be more than a few people, boys as well as girls, who found such qualities irresistible. After all, Sherlock certainly did.
That was the least they could do for her. Tessa’s mother, that was. Stepmother? Adoptive mother. Probably the best of them, as ‘other mother’ sounded…strangely sinister though that might just be his imagination let off the leash and grabbing onto everything it could.
Actors kept a distance from the audience when working onstage so as not to give away that the feelings they displayed weren’t true. Something which an audience would always pick up on if they were close enough to scent the actors and it would always ruin the whole production as audience members talked about lacklustre performances and unconvincing actors.
But Sherlock didn’t seem interested in picking an argument. He merely shook his head, somewhat meekly.
“I know I still have to practice it, and it’ll take more practice when it’s the two of us together, obviously, but…well, I didn’t know whether you’d heard the song before, so…” He trailed off, giving a one-shoulder shrug.
He believed that. Believed it even though John had yet to tell him what the plan was and looked quite genuinely worried underneath that warmth, reassurance and love that emanated from not only his smile but his entire face.
The fact that it wasn’t immediately obvious that John was an Omega due to his reduced scent output would help that, as he’d assume him either a Beta or an Alpha; their bond was detectable and so was Sherlock’s status as an Alpha, but it wasn’t uncommon for an Alpha and a Beta to bond and not unheard of for two Alphas to do so, either.
Bloody hell, but those seats were a challenge when you still hadn’t acclimatised to the extra weight. Which really was stupid, as it wasn’t as though he’d gained the weight from one day to the next, so he ought to have had plenty of time for it.
It turned into a very good evening. As he hadn’t deleted the thought, merely pushed it away, however, it was inevitable that it would resurface and really, it was only a matter of time.
With that, he tried to get up again and this time, Sherlock let him. Not only that, he allowed himself to be guided off the bed and out into the kitchen. On the way, John found one of the dressing gowns to put on him, as much for warmth as a bit of modesty.
“I did not want this to take any longer than necessary and this way, you do not have to worry about anything…getting lost.”
Was something that he was immensely glad that Tessa was turned away from. Something that he vowed she shouldn’t see for anything in the world.
Alright, so they were getting around to it. So much for trying to wriggle himself out of it, eh? Or postponing it, for that matter.
Sherlock stared at him from his elevated position of standing up, somewhat unbelieving. No, scratch that. Fully in disbelief over what he was seeing.
He left the shop with shopping bag in hand, nursing pillow exceedingly neatly wrapped up inside, and a promise that one of the nappy backpacks would be put aside for him.
“That’s an awful lot of trust.” The continuation of the sentence that ran ‘to place in someone you haven’t known long, someone like me’ went unsaid.
Before he could open his mouth, though, either to spit vitriol or flame, he wasn’t sure, Moriarty spoke again.
Sherlock managed to smile a little through the expression. “Seems I’m not the sole person in the room who’s studied a bit more than ‘required reading’.”
Not the greed of the dragon, the need to possess everything of perceived value within its grasp and beyond. This was an entirely human desire, though no less ugly and twisted for that, even if its ill-fitting mask was quite beautiful to behold, at first. It wasn’t for physical things but for the more insubstantial but no less dangerous things; knowledge, mental stimulus in various forms, validation. Adoration, too, if he was being completely honest with himself about it, which he rarely, if ever, had been up to this point.
John raised his head back up at that, regarded the brunet for a long moment, then said, still quietly, “Even if he claims I was begging him to take me?”
He came second. Possibly even third, depending on the situation but first priority, first concern should always go to his children. They shouldn’t take up everything, of course, nor should he feel as though he was shackled fast to them as they became a yoke. He was still a person independent of them.
“I did, because it’s there for a reason, and I know for a fact that you didn’t hurt me while you were in any way there.” He pointed to his head to illustrate.
But though there were many things he still didn’t know about his scent-bonded, he knew, and though there were pockets and seams of uncertainty, self-doubt and the rest lurking about in his mind, John also knew that that wasn’t the case at all. That it was quite the opposite.
His eyes didn’t outwardly widen but the surprise was still there. Both from right outside the window, tangible for the given value that it could have, and down, down where the dragon still was.
It was his friend looking out at him again, not the dragon. Regardless of the eyes that hadn’t returned to their human state, he felt certain in calling them that. That was Sherlock looking at him, for help, for guidance to understand what he couldn’t.
day since you walked out on us.” The tears were no longer threats as they poured full force from his eyes.
John towered over Sherlock, encasing him in the frame of his arms and chest, pressing sucking kisses to every inch of his neck, his shoulders, his chest. Sherlock wrapped his arms around John’s back, holding on to his body as if he were a cliff from which Sherlock might fall to his death, but with the gentlest comforting touch, like John was a piece of porcelain that may shatter under his large hands.
“Hang on a second.” John set his tea down on the counter. “What do you mean ‘clearly not from a well-to-do family’?”
Sherlock landed a particularly well placed cross to The Brick’s face that had him buckled over in pain. The chiseled beauty turned to John and caught his eye. John froze, heart beating a war march in his rib cage. Sherlock shot him a stunning, self-satisfied grin.
Without another thought John leapt over the barricade and sprinted to the exit Sherlock had gone through. It turns out that the door simply lead into a back alleyway. An empty alleyway.
Then suddenly her body language changed completely. She melted against Harry, her back pressed to the drunken woman’s front as they swayed to the music. Clem reached back and ran her fingers through the auburn hair tickling her neck. Harry leaned in and started kissing that gorgeous neck.
“John Watson! You watch your mouth!” By this point Clementine had dressed herself and was looking sternly into the camera. John was trying to gather his clothing from the floor with what little light emanated from the phone.
John jumped to his feet as a rather stern looking man in a three piece suit strolled into the kitchen.
Clementine watched as hot thick ropes of John’s cum landed over Sherlock’s cheeks, his crack, his hole.
“Oh! Oh!” Sherlock cried as he spilled over John’s hand, never once breaking eye contact. Sherlock’s pleasure appeared to be too much for John, because he came, shouting, a moment after.
“Well it’s hardly my fault you weren’t listening. And as for you,” he turned his attention to John, “I signed the text as being from me.”
Music flooded his ears, but the room was oddly still. A few patrons stood around the bar quietly sipping their drinks. The bar tender regarded the pair at the doorway with a hopeful look. A group of middle-aged men sat at a table in the corner, eyes glued on the only moving figure in the room, a woman by the jukebox.
There was a long pause before Sherlock spoke. His voice was raw and low as he husked out his response.
John watched with amplified enthusiasm and concern. As The Spy, Sherlock had shown amazing skill, but with each blow The Brick landed John could feel his heart stop. Luckily John’s revelation that The Spy was actually Sherlock Holmes did not diminish the man’s skill in the ring.
“She would have been mixing them under the hood! She is PhD chemist for christ sake! Even if the bottles were mislabeled she would have mixed the chemicals she
John climbed onto the bed and behind Sherlock. Gently easing Clementine’s legs from where they perched on his shoulders, John wrapped his arms around Sherlock’s chest, slick with Clem’s release. Below them the woman lay in a puddle of her own limbs.
“Oh!” She seemed to pick up on his uneasiness. “Yeah, Auntie Martha. John is just coming over to help me with my anatomy homework.”
Neither one had even looked up as John entered. This was another thing that happened sometimes. John would come over and the two of them would be engrossed in some experiment. He found it endearing.
Sherlock shook his head, which was now buried in the crook of Clementine’s neck, in the affirmative. Slowly John pulled his fingers out of the man’s body and lined up his cock. With the greatest of care John pushed into Sherlock only moving forward as Sherlock’s body relented to the intrusion.
This scene has been on the back burner for a long time and I just needed to finally get it in here. Plus I wanted to get back to the smut of this story. So here you go! A bit fluffy, but plenty dirty. ;)
“You keep your goddamn hands off of her or I will break every last bone in your hand. Do you understand me?” John twisted the man’s hand a bit farther to emphasize his point.
Sherlock hadn’t even thought about her since John showed up at their door last night. He assumed she would be back and join them in bed. Only now did he realized that this hadn’t happened. His posture stiffened as he leaned forward in his chair, urging Mycroft to continue.
“Whatever for love?” She didn’t lift her head from his should, just snuggled deeper into the crook of his neck.
Sherlock froze. This was far outside the realm of usual for these situations. His grip on the arms of the chair did not waiver.
Sherlock caught himself. John was not the one he needed to apologize to. Sherlock straightened his shirt as a way to occupy his hands and thoughts for the moment.
John could feel Sherlock’s body clenching around him. He was close too. He could feel the buildup in the pit of his stomach. Once Sherlock had come down from the last wave of his orgasm, just before John was about to spill over the edge, he pulled out jerking his cock furiously.
Through all of it, though, they had failed to notice the large group of Met agents just standing there gaping at them. When the two finally got to their feet they noticed the confused and somewhat uncomfortable look on Lestrade’s face.
She turned away from him with a spin, sloshing beer over her shirt and across the floor. John clenched his fists.
He pushed Sherlock back into the apartment with the sheer force of his forward movement, closing the door behind him. Sherlock backed up quickly, gripping the towel around his waist. John looked determined, hungry. It took Sherlock’s breath away.
She pouted a lip up at him, batting her eyelashes. He turned his head away, intent on not looking at her pleading eyes. She snuggled her face into his chest.
Slowly she pulled John’s jumper and undershirt over his head. She pressed her naked body to his bare back and ran her hands up and down his chest, staring at Sherlock over John’s shoulder. She could see the blatant want in his face, the way his mouth hung open as he panted ever so slightly, the way his eyes were hooded, but still fixated on the pair of them.
Then, just like that, he was seeing white. Waves of pleasure rolled over Sherlock’s body and he couldn’t help the litany of words that fell from his mouth. Well, just one word really.
The day Sherlock moved into Baker Street was a triumphant one. Months in and out of rehab clinics, hard won sobriety, difficult revelations in therapy had all lead him to this moment.
“But why?! I don’t understand. Why can’t I see him? This isn’t fair!” Her voice was blunt and muted from the lack of oxygen flow through her nose. She felt as if she was crying, but with the swelling in her face she could barely see, let alone tell if she was producing tears.
“Ah, he’s back.” Came the familiar deep voice from behind John. “They don’t normally come back do they Clem?”
Their skepticism had morphed into pensiveness. Clem could tell they knew she was right, but didn’t like the implication.
“Um,” was all Clem to could think to say. The girl walked over and stood next to Clem, looking at the pictures.
No. He couldn’t. So a week later he found himself back at the pub with his friends on a Friday night.
“You are not weak, John Watson. You are a courageous man who only wants to protect the ones he loves.”
He could probably deduce it…no, he could most definitely deduce what it was, slightly hazy from sleep though he still was. But even though he knew he could, he also knew it would be better for him to allow John to tell him instead, on his own.
Somehow, he was finding that watch. If it weren’t in the other’s clothing somewhere or other, then…then he would have to search the flat from top to bottom. Whatever it would take, he would do.
Sherlock had declined that, without his usual sniping in the process. Well, without too much of it, which was progress in itself. He hadn’t given his brother an answer as to why, but that was hardly surprising.
A rumbling growl emanated from the brunet’s throat. John’s blood ran cold at the first word from his friend since he’d collapsed.
“I don’t know…I really don’t…it feels like them but hormonal outbursts due to pregnancy should either be over, and I’ve
“No.” At least the brunet didn’t try to lie, mince words or otherwise soften the blow. That somehow helped a little. “But I do not believe you have and even if you have, I don’t believe that it is a problem.”
That went for his brother-in-law, too, but surprisingly, even though there was that hint of pointedness to the look, and the last comment as well, the expression on the man’s face, though expressions on that face never seemed to be all that pronounced, was not disapproving. Instead, it was more commending and…perhaps calculating was too strong a word but it was certainly something along those lines, albeit not negatively charged as the word ‘calculating’ was.
In a sense, this was what had set off the whole debacle, or at least what had made the situation worse between them and had been a contributing factor, and a large one at that, to John storming out and…
“Right. Sorry.” Saying ‘please’ twice in fairly quick succession rather drove the point home. There was a drawn out pause between them. “Can you tell me the rest of it? Why did – you didn’t claim the person you were trying to have sex with back then, did you?” A thought occurred to him. “That’s not…fuck, that’s not the skull, is it?”
As he focused further, allowing John’s presence to help once again, he found it easier to wade through the masses; they shrunk from him where before they’d sought him, their bodies deforming further. Not because he was banishing them or making them disappear, as he couldn’t, but simply because they were losing solidity as their power waned in the face of…well, his determination.
Sherlock checked the time stamp. Five minutes since the last. He wasn’t necessarily too late to catch him.
‘JK’, came immediately afterwards. ‘Seriously, JK. I was really impressed when you let loose on those guys at work. That really was amazing, that you can do that.’
“I think that I have heard better speeches from Moriarty.” He paused, pretending to think, cocking his head just a little. “No, that’s being unfair. Unfair to him, that is. At least he’s inventive when he bothers to do it. In fact, I’ve heard better than that from amateurs with their first jealousy-motivated murder.”
Not only that, he’d allowed it to go just a bit further on, he realised. The reason he had been so very reluctant to return that watch, why he’d taken it in the first place, wasn’t merely his dragon nature playing up and preventing him from giving something back that he’d claimed. It was part of a process that he, though unconsciously, hadn’t been keen on stopping.
“I’m not asking you to shift into full dragon, you idiot, I was going to say that I wasn’t. I only meant one part, like your tail, for instance. Just the one.”
It was the doctor’s turn to stare then blink. He smiled at that, an echo of the smile that Sherlock had been hoping for, longing for.
“I’m being stupid, aren’t I?” the blond said, and it was a grumbling muttering of irritation, at himself it seemed, more than anything. Sherlock still heard it, however.
But the windows…it would be more than a little stupid to try and get out that way, but it could be done.
That fact didn’t seem lost on Sherlock, whatever else was going on in that humongous brain, but it only served, it appeared, to heighten his intent to step away.
The hand in his tugged, not hard but with a firmness that indicated it was intentional, and the Alpha followed for a step. What the blond said next was rather unequivocal, too.
“Only, it’s not even that, is it? Because if that was the case, then you also would’ve had plenty of opportunity to take over while he was high as a kite.” There was no slight grimace or other expression of anger visible on the side of ‘John’s’ face that Sherlock could see, which marked a difference between the real one and the figment. Real John did not approve of such things.
Was that worth the wait? Well, we finished something and Sherlock's about to do something. That's good, right? I swear, I never mind to keep you waiting. Or bore you, either.
When he woke, it was dark out, but he couldn’t gauge whether that meant it was very late evening or early morning. That might be just as much because calling it ‘awake’ was something of an overstatement as it had to do with the darkness not being particularly distinguishable, which in turn wasn’t helped by the artificial light from outside muddying things further. Then again, he ought to be used to that by now, didn’t he? He had lived here for a while.
“It is not – we are not children who can be given another toy to appease our tantrum, Doctor. That is not how it works.”
The applause began as he started the bow and by the time he started to rise back up, it was in full force. It wasn’t exactly an uproarious applause, but it was unquestionably an enthusiastic one, which was more than he’d expected.
John and Sherlock work on gaining a better footing together and giving John a toe-hold into society and an identity as his own person again. And on gaining information for Mycroft, which in turn will help keep John safe.
“It has nothing to do with the hoarding,” he said, needing to clarify. “I just…I like touching you. For you. Because it’s you.”
Depressingly, however, it was also helped by the fact that there wasn’t much in the file to examine. Granted, they hadn’t had long between her waking up and Sherlock and John arriving, but they had had time before that. They ought to have been able to come up with something more substantial than this.
Of course, that was so much horseshit, the glowing evidence of which stood right beside him, but it suited the people in charge well to perpetuate such stereotypes and myths.
There was something John needed to ask the elder Holmes, too, he realised. “Mycroft, do you really think it’s possible Moriarty wants to claim me? Sherlock seems to be convinced, but I really don’t think so. I mean, me in particular, not…not just – “
John blinked. “I could’ve sworn you were calling me slow there but as it’s probably me being tired, I’ll ignore it.”
The dragon would still be an issue, of course it would, but as he stood there, staring at John, he knew that he would do everything in his power to keep it maintained. Perhaps he couldn’t push it down where it couldn’t rear back up as he had thought earlier, but he could keep it contained, tamed for a given value of it.
So…why was he using it now? To calm John down, obviously, but he could do that without needing such things, and he knew it, too.
Then they were sinking, slowly but surely in a way that indicated intention rather than a fortuitous and elegant fall. As they did so, buildings became a little more distinguishable and though it was hardly the street with the most easily identifiable marks, especially not from an aerial vantage point at night, the doctor could tell they were closing in on Baker Street.
It had actually been surprisingly easy. John had brought it up, expecting at least some token argument because that would be curtailing something the Alpha did. But Sherlock had just nodded.
I am tremendously sorry it's taken me almost a month, to those still kind enough to read. I was planning to get it out earlier but then my dog died suddenly from a spleen tumour and I've been a mess, to say the least.
It wasn’t meant as anything but a bit of snippy snarking, covering nerves that had rather crept up on him while he wasn’t paying attention. He certainly didn’t expect John to suddenly grin as if he’d said something incredibly amusing.
It was important to him because it was important to John, however sappy that might sound…and did it matter if it was sappy? There were only to people it should matter to, and they were allowed to be sappy towards each other.
If he needed another reminder that Sherlock was trying his very best, that was a quite clear and excellent one. Not that he did, mind, not in the slightest.
Sherlock didn’t believe that merely because he didn’t want to stop and was making a convenient excuse. That wasn’t it at all. Nor was it because he didn’t want to think that it could resurface, since he knew perfectly well that it could.
“Technically, brother dear, you are one seat removed from me and I would have expected your car-ride manners to have improved at least slightly since you needed a car-seat.”
John didn’t look as though he was exactly struggling under the strain or anything like that but that wasn’t necessarily any indicator.
That John smiled more broadly at that but more warmly, too, was simultaneously a help and no help at all.
“As for your other questions…to have the bones of another dragon, in whatever form they are, get past your scales and into your blood will act, well…yes, quite like an infection does to humans. Except the root cause is much more…fundamental.”
It was his turn to squeeze the hand in his in a way that told the younger Holmes it was an anchoring effort. Something which he could understand only too well. He squeezed back and got a grateful flash of a smile in return.
There was something that wasn’t quite right about the smell of the vest, in comparison with the ones they’d dealt with before, something…
Sherlock had been unable to convince him that he wasn’t at fault for her condition. John hadn’t extended that blame to his Alpha, though, which was ridiculous, if noble. If one of them was to blame for not getting her out in time, they both were, Sherlock arguably more so because he’d been in more of a position to do something.
John, in the flesh, standing there in front of him. After everything, he was there after all. Whatever the reason, he hadn’t abandoned this.
Sherlock realises something is off, what that something is and starts running to the rescue. Meanwhile, John gets a show he didn't ask for.
No. That notion was still utterly ludicrous, whatever Sherlock said. Moriarty didn’t have any interest in John. Not really, beyond what they’d already discussed. He didn’t believe that. He
The tone of voice and the introduction itself was jarring but it was the sort of jarring you might expect from the man, if such a thing could be said.
Now was not the time for doubts, however right or wrong they might be. John needed him, depended on him right now, to get this right and get them all out of here, safely, and he wasn’t going to fail that.
At first, it seemed odd. Then John reached a hand down, under the bed and to the side. He dug around a little and came up with…
Yeah, okay, so he could see why it might look like something if all around it was nothing but a void, with a possible exception of some bitching about his sister. But at the same time, given that Sherlock would’ve been able to deduce quite a bit about him on his own, by the way his ear was bent or whatever, and could add to it with the information off the service records, there shouldn’t be a void.
It was undoubtedly because he was exhausted, when you tend to be more…receptable to oddness, to put it diplomatically, but the word ‘fripperies’ coming through the proper, slightly prim received pronunciation of Mycroft’s speech was…just a bit too much.
So, much as he’d like to do that, or preferably worse, he had to contend himself with merely standing, slowly and carefully, and turning around to face the Irishman, who was standing right behind him, as he’d been able to feel throughout this whole encounter.
For his part, he wrapped himself around her as tight as possible, doing his utmost to cover as much of her small body as he could conceivably manage. She wasn’t safe and he couldn’t make her safe. Nothing could make her safe right now, but he could do whatever was in his power to make her as safe as it was possible to be.
“I’m sorry,” he heard John say, and he got the distinct feeling that it wasn’t the first time he’d said it. “Just a bad joke, and I’m sorry. I’m really, truly sorry, love.”
Sherlock couldn’t help the stiffening of his body at that particular comment, no matter how it was phrased, but took some measure of comfort in the fact that it was only for a moment.
“Not…no, I wouldn’t have said so,” Sherlock replied, unusually contemplative and reflective. “Certainly not at the time but neither would I say it now that I know what it means and entails.”
For all that he might be hesitant or stumbling at times, especially at times where emotions or other unknown or poorly explored territories and quantities were concerned, he never seemed as though he wasn’t aware of what he was saying.
The doctor dug into the box, taking out whatever he thought would be necessary to administer aid. Once he was done, he left it there for the moment as he walked around the coffee table to get to the brunet’s back.
Looking up at him, John considered pressing him on it and was actually about to do so when he noticed that he wasn’t the only one who’d been affected by the news and the implications; he could feel the tension in the lanky body. It wasn’t easy to spot but he was getting better at it. Still, he ought to have realised earlier, instead of being a selfish git.
If they were going to be technical and nit-picky about it, it could be said that John had brought them into far more danger by making himself interesting, though admittedly wholly unintentionally, to a criminal mastermind madman and everything associated therewith. And that was a certainty, not a potential risk as the experiment would be.
No, that wasn’t…that wasn’t right. He hadn’t just said ‘I love you’, had he? He’d mentioned that he’d meant it when he’d said it…so he must’ve said it before. But Sherlock couldn’t remember hearing it before. Or could he? Hadn’t there been a disjointed…something rattling around his brain when he’d started to resurface? Something that had registered as joyous, as warming, something that he thought, perhaps, it was hard to be sure, because he’d been struggling with pretty much everything at that point, might’ve been something along the lines of ‘love’.
The sight of the dragon head tilting slightly to the side in an inquisitive manner ought to have looked endearing or at the very least silly. It didn’t.
So, he squeezed the shoulder he was holding, briefly but nevertheless with an amount of kind feeling that would’ve surprised, perhaps even shocked, people who knew them, such as John.
Whether the fact that he was superimposing an image of the elder Holmes as a dragon onto the whole thing was making things worse or not, he couldn’t say.
Sherlock blinked as he caught the thought. Surely not? The plan didn’t come ahead of…no. It couldn’t. It didn’t. Nor would it ever or any other plan. If it ever had, that stopped right now.
you’re not starving. Actually, perhaps you could do with sitting this one out altogether, darling. Wouldn’t want the missus to seek her fun elsewhere because she can’t find Mr. Happy, would we?”
The moment that the vest slid off, Sherlock shifted his grip to make sure he didn’t let go of it prematurely, then took a long step to the side, though no longer than he could still protect John with his wing, to then hurl it towards the water, aiming for the middle as best he could, listening all the while for revealing noises.
“I – what? Why – ah.” His head really was all over the place, wasn’t it? Even though he’d gotten a night ‘of rather deep sleep, despite his worries, the previous day having more than worn him out. “Of course. I might, yes, but then I will ask for one from Mycroft then and not a moment before and it will not lie around for anyone to fiddle with.”
begun to bother him, quite significantly more so. A thought which he’d been more than a little thrown by, enough so that he’d tried to counter steer, at least on the outside, to make sure that he betrayed none of it.
He could hear the slight snap to the end of the sentence and made a face. Not that Sherlock could see it, as he was pulling ahead just a little bit at that point.
Of course, Mycroft had access to resources that John could never have gotten his hands on, either inside the harem or out of it. But when you took into account the measures the harem had taken to ensure their secrecy and how long they’d managed to evade detection, even from Mycroft and the rest of the British government, who was meant to crack down on the now illegal harems, it no longer surprised him that they hadn’t managed to track down someone like his daughter.
As it transpired, getting the files was no hassle; the nurse who’d stayed outside had indeed been listening in, but not because he was looking for any bit of gossip. Well, not more than was likely second-nature, and it was more than made up for by his helpfulness.
This was the man, after all, who had dared to invade his home. Take advantage of his absence and try to infect his territory, with his person and his scent and his horrible attempts at unsettling John through various means, not to mention threatening him outright.
Still, though, something like that…if that was even the case. He didn’t know that Sherlock was a dragon, he extrapolated from something that was farfetched to begin with, and Sherlock would probably have something to say about that.
He worked as methodically and efficiently as before with the bone dust, professionalism edging out the worries for the moment.
It made John wonder how much the two shapes were interconnected; whether one was merely a projection of the other, more corporeal one or whether they were mirrors of each other, each as real and substantial as the other at any given moment. Somehow, the latter seemed by far the more likely one, though a person being in two bodies at once seemed farfetched to say the least. But then again, the limits of farfetched were almost non-existent in the context of a dragon.
For a bit, he ate and drank in silence, letting the comings and goings happen around him without any input on his part.
No! There had to be some other way around this, some way he could get John out of Moriarty’s grip without having to take his autonomy from him.
Just the thought that he’d get to see that, watch the Alpha age, and grow old with him as a bonded pair, almost filled his heart to bursting.
“Oh, give over, you plonker,” he grinned. He reached out and shoved at the shoulder closest to him, in what was meant as a playful gesture.
A thought crossed his mind at that; this wasn’t a cheap shop, to say the least, and he had known that the moment he’d gone in. He’d intended to go in and ask, maybe get the nursing pillow. The money he’d borrowed from Sherlock for this excursion would barely stretch to the nursing pillow, even if he hadn’t bought from the coffee shop, and that was being optimistic about it.
And he hadn’t even accounted for the other potential pitfalls or points of interest that the dragon might latch onto. Well, he said potential. Should he not think about them, given he’d already found them in their hiding places, so as not to alert the…?
Too well-behaved? Ought she have picked up that something was amiss? It was hardly a normal situation, or at least, so he wouldn’t have thought and certainly wouldn’t have hoped.
“You did get it right,” he repeated, keeping his tone and volume low and sincere. “You…without you starting in this way, this slow and gentle start, I can’t say I would’ve been in a good headspace or a headspace to cope with it all.”
“Are you really that blind?” he asked, though the snap had gone out of his voice. Instead, it was almost…sad? “You must have realised at some point what you’ve been doing.”
“That wasn’t what I was going to say at all,” Sherlock interrupted, though he took an enormous care to keep his voice calm this time. No outbursts or other such unhelpful, potentially destructive reactions and actions.
“It supposes that the only interest I could have had in you would’ve been if you were a woman. Which I first off ought to feel insulted by, seeing as I’m not only here but the sight of you has kept me at half-mast through this entire conversation. Now, you might argue that you said ‘keener’ and ‘earlier stage’ but still, you assume there would be that large a discrepancy between the start of my attraction to you depending on whether you were male or female.”
He faltered a little, then pushed forward. “I don’t want you to change your mind before…” He trailed off again.
He cursed under his breath. But now wasn’t the time to think about that. Time was of the clichéd essence, and he needed to be dressed for it. Apart from his dressing gown, he was in proper attire, except for jacket, socks and shoes.
He wondered whether he ought to say anything. There was nothing he could think of that didn’t sound trite and entirely unhelpful, however, so he contented himself with squeezing the hand in his tight and allowing his own face to show the emotions, or at least most of them, he was feeling.
He hadn’t been able to find out too much about her, much as he’d pushed and worked for it, but there had been enough little things that had come together and fitted just a tad too well for John to believe that it wasn’t her that they’d finally located, after searching like mad ever since they received that document.
Oddly enough, that comment made John sit up a little straighter. Almost as though that had piqued his interest or otherwise been of value for him to hear, though Sherlock would be hard put to understand why that was.
John watched him, puzzlement creeping into his features. He put what he’d been holding onto down onto the ground beside him, though his eyes didn’t leave the detective, which meant that he barely missed dropping most of it.
“I understand why you’re scared, John. I do. I am not demeaning the feeling, nor why you might wish to diminish and discard your experience to better cope with the unmitigated fear of not having a proper identity. You are not who you were, neither before or during the harem, but neither are you someone else, not entirely.”
“I cannot imagine Mycroft ever sitting down to play a boardgame, let alone something like Risk.” John paused. “No, wait, I take that back. If there was one game, it would probably be that. Or chess. Seems fitting.”
It looked like…like John’s gun. Only, it wasn’t, of course, because that was safely outside in the real world. This didn’t even seem capable of working, which was a shame, as –
He didn’t dive out to try and stop John or attack Moriarty himself. None of the things he had thought he would do if he could just get close enough to do them, in fact.
There was no point in dwelling on that now, though. Done was done and he’d have to deal with the outcome.
Snippets of the conversation he’d had while John had been out on his little tour and unintended shopping trip came back to him, oddly disjointed and fragmented for being something that he hadn’t deleted even though he’d wanted to, and –
That said, to stand there and watch and only be able to wait and hope while lending as much support as he could through whispered words and touches and just be there, close enough to feel and meanwhile, he also had to be ready to knock the man to the ground and make a dive for it. That was proving to be a special kind of torture. It wasn’t even like when he normally had to wait on Sherlock for one reason or another. At least at crime scenes or such, he could talk to one of the officers, tell the berk off or even just walk out on him, if he chose.
was what he’d said. But what did it mean, then? At the time, John had dismissed it outright, but now, as he sat there, he couldn’t help wondering.
With some effort and wiggling and a bit of help from Mycroft, John managed to get up into a sitting position. He would’ve tried to get out from under Sherlock, to give him more space in case he needed to roll over or something, but the wing did a surprisingly good job at almost-immobilising him and when he looked to the ginger, he got a gesture he took to mean to stay put.
The dragon seemed to have cottoned onto that fact, too; it had tried to move its feet to move itself closer, around the foundations, presumably for another try, only to discover that something had covered one of its feet. Reptilian eyes snapped back down to look at what was the issue, the lips pulling back further when it discovered the source.
Still, his inner soldier as well as the doctor inside was not best pleased to find that the Alpha opened the drawer that held the hodgepodge of kitchen utensils you have no idea where to put them properly so you end up stuffing them all into the same drawer, spikes, grates and knife edges sticking up every which way. It made for a dangerous dip for the unwary.
With that, and the momentary immobilisation it caused among the things, he managed to get further, much further than he would’ve thought he would at that.
Plus there was the fact that the blond had somewhat, he’d confessed at a quiet moment during his hospital stay, divorced himself from what he had been before he had become a harem keeper. It hadn’t been a clean cut, obviously, as some of it sat too deep to be removed, but it had been a case of disconnect as much as possible in order to cope with what he had become.
It was a tangible lead that they could most definitely do with. Yes, there were the contracts, too, but to have evidence of both John’s employment through said contract and the money paid to him, on an every-other-month basis since he’d started work there what felt like a lifetime ago, that could be linked to the contract, that would carry a whole other kind of weight.
He raised his head a little and stared ahead of him, trying to make things come into focus a bit, and realised that what he’d taken as a spot before his eyes were actually a mop of tangled and slightly matted dark curls right in front of him.
Once out, he turned to pay the cabbie but, with a bit of surprise, was told that Sherlock had already paid.
Instead, ignoring the thankfully small part of him that wanted them as far away as possible, preferably destroyed, he cradled them to his chest as he looked at John, who looked back at him, confused, but only briefly.
“You feel pretty sure there’s more than one in there, don’t you?” John asked, slight teasing in his voice.
“John, you just unquestionably showed that in actual fact, you are scared of me, of the part of me that you’ve had to deal with for the last roughly twelve hours.”
If something wasn’t done and Sherlock carried on this way, whatever his underlying intentions were for doing so, then he would, John believed, succumb in one way or another.
So, for now, he would be there, silently, offering the support, the rock that John had need of to lean against in that moment. The rest would wait.
Not that Sherlock was going to care, not about his public image. At least, John reckoned he wouldn’t. But it could still reflect badly on him and if the public cared about that, he might find himself with far less, if any, cases to work.
“One thing first and foremost, in order to be crystal-clear. This is something you want, is it? Take everything else out of the equation, everything you’ve learned in the last…” There was a pause, presumably to check on the time, which gave John an unexpected indicator of the other’s exhaustion, too, “…seventy-two hours or so.”
The immediate future was in any case what he ought to be focusing on. Now wasn’t the time for letting fear get the better of him. It was the time to be that rock for John, to help him and adopt his practical approach. Maybe rediscover his own, though it was easy to be practical and logical – some might say cold and uncaring, a machine – when you had no concrete involvement in the situation in question, apart from solving the mystery of it, no personal investment. No emotional attachment to the situation.
“No.” Sherlock shook his head, but gently, so as not to dislodge the hand still on his cheek. “It’s you.”
Sherlock had thought. He hadn’t said anything out loud, however, opting for silence and a glare, which had earned him another apology.
But John had meant it when he’d said he wanted to wait. It should be good, damn it, especially if it was, in effect, a sort of marriage. Besides, it was hardly the most arousing thing ever when you saw how tired your partner was. Even if there was something to that slight lisp. It was for another time.
This was what Moriarty would’ve been faced with, wasn’t it? The times he had met John in the harem, that was. Almost certainly, it would have to have been, considering the Omega’s position in the harem and the Alpha’s behaviour.
So, someone who mattered enough to get under John’s skin and piss him off enough that the reaction, the mention, was out before thought was, but at the same time, he felt protective towards them, cutting himself off halfway through. Halfway through a text, which he could’ve edited but he was agitated enough, even now, the day after, not to.
The elder Holmes glanced back at the former soldier. “I’ll explain it later. Right now, the wounds need to be treated.”
So, what he opened his mouth for in the end was to ask questions that would confirm to him, one way or another that John wasn’t under the sway of the dragon in some way.
John got to his feet, too, a little more awkwardly than the ginger-haired man, mostly due to the continued grip on his arm. They were standing quite close but even if he could move, he wasn’t about to. He’d refused be intimidated by a madman dragon with a handful of snipers, he bloody well wasn’t about to allow a pompous arse to do so, in his own home.
him, Sherlock Holmes. Actually, genuinely, physically, tangibly kissing him. He wasn’t dreaming, he was completely certain of that, and yet, John Watson was unquestionably pressing his lips against his, voluntarily, on his own initiative. And he didn’t stop.
A look of confusion passed John’s features. Then, seemingly despite himself, he snorted and gave a small smile.
He might just be hedging his bets or try to remain hopeful. Or try and spare Sherlock’s feelings? Why would he think Sherlock was affected?
“Utterly and completely,” Sherlock agreed, his grin stretching almost from ear to ear. “But then again, what can you expect when you choose a former army medic as your partner?”
“Your cleaning of the wound has tampered with it – “John told himself it was not the time to bristle over that because he’d done the right thing – “but from its appearance and texture, I would say that this is bone dust.”
John’s expression as he sang, which the taller teen could mostly see in profile as the blond had finally broken eye contact with Sherlock to look out at the gathered crowd, helped sell it, too. He wasn’t smiling, as such, but there was just the tiniest quirk in the lips and the sparkle in his eyes to convey a smile well, further assisted by the warmth accompanying that sparkle.
Sherlock took it, with an obviousness and naturalness that…wasn’t either of those. Or hadn’t been, at least. The fact that it was now was…well…
The argument sounded weak and petty to the part of Sherlock that wasn’t still busy feeling hurt and sulking, and so, of course, that only made the sulk more pronounced.
Which meant that while he didn’t outright carry a gun, he hadn’t left himself unarmed. The hunting knife that he’d borrowed from Sherlock, or from their kitchen drawer if you preferred to think of it that way, would be a bit impractical for everyday wear, though.
Sherlock shrugged. “Nobody has wanted to, apart from my parents, and it stopped bothering me, if it ever did.” He didn’t see why it mattered.
No. He’d gone out for some mental relaxation, some peace and quiet and normalcy. That was his goal so that was what he was going to achieve. He wasn’t going to dwell on every single bloody thing that came into his mind.
He tried to push the thoughts on whether he would be a failure as a father out of his head. Now was not the time for that. For all the pleasantries exchanged between them just now, false and affected though they’d been, the risk that either Moriarty or Moran would kill or otherwise harm any of them was still very much real and present.
That he was effectively baiting the man, someone who was both bigger and almost certainly stronger than he was, he was well aware of. It wasn’t because he didn’t care or was feeling particularly reckless towards the Alpha and what he represented. Nor was he itching for a fight that he wanted the Alpha to start.
As he played, saved by his fingers remembering the fingering as much as anything, he found John looking at him again, out of the corner of his eye as he continued to play the guitar, that warmth still present, and looked back, the warmth in his chest increasing.
“And what is that?” Sherlock asked but in the same moment that he did, or as good as the same moment, John reached into his pocket for something with his free hand.
“John?” he asked, suddenly aware that the hand on his cheek had moved away in his mental absence. Though before he could curse himself for that, he noticed that it hadn’t been removed entirely. Instead, it had drifted down to rest again that spot where neck became shoulder, including his clavicle. It felt oddly reassuring.
Several more of the small things were starting to shape up, too, and the ones that weren’t could be safely ignored or dropped. Perhaps it was for the best, so that it didn’t become an outright production number. There was just one more thing and for that, he needed Mycroft’s help.
Sherlock looked at him, face impassive, for a moment which felt like an eternity, in which John worried that he had indeed slammed his walls back up.
Sherlock’s eyes widened as they flickered about John’s face. Was that really what he thought? But that wasn’t, that wasn’t at all what he’d meant by doing this, why would he…?
Not that he wanted that to happen, of course he didn’t. He wanted very much to survive this – he hadn’t made it through two tours of Afghanistan, the agonising hell of being shot and his recovery and all the rest of it just to die as a plaything of an impossibility because his berk of a flatmate couldn’t leave well enough alone.
“Not really. Something that doesn’t hurt to look at?” He got a nod and the staff member was about to run off when he remembered something. “Hang on.”
“We really need to discuss this properly some other time,” the Omega said, “when we aren’t both as tense and worried as we are right now.”
He didn’t get a verbal response. That didn’t matter so much this time, however, as he did get a physical one; the wing wrapped as much around his body as it could and the tail stirred, too. Not a lot but still some, which was far more than he would’ve expected, even if honestly, he had expected nothing or next to nothing.
The Alpha merely hummed in reply. John noticed he was still holding the otter plush, the fur of it squished between them.
Blinking, halfway through the process of taking off his jacket, he looked over to see that Sherlock hadn’t only sat down on the bed but had already started to take off his own clothes. Not that he was exactly dressed to the nines but that was hardly the point.
The dragon wouldn’t have been pleased at being challenged and restrained, thereby preventing him from getting to John as he wanted. Hell, he’d
“Honestly? I’m still not entirely sure I know what I did to this,” Sherlock said, blinking in something resembling innocent confusion. It was hard to fight the grin that was pushing at the corners of his mouth, attempting to get out into the open. “You can’t deny that it worked, though. Well, you can, obviously, and you might, but the evidence is still right there. All gone. Your last way in. Or out if you prefer. Result is the same. You’re stuck, now.”
John wasn’t about to allow Sherlock to be taken away to some…facility to be kept safe – that he’d be going, too, for abundantly obvious reasons was not the relevant point in this – from himself until they could find another way. That was, possibly indefinitely kept under lock and key for his own, unless Sherlock found a way to escape or to otherwise…
That wasn’t even mentioning the smell but at least John wouldn’t be able to detect that. As for the dragon himself, he was somewhat surprised that he could regard the tableau in front of him so dispassionately.
It was gone as soon as Sherlock noticed it but even for that split-second, his heart sank low enough to jostle his intestines and his entire body turned cold. He thought he felt something shift and rumble deep inside him and although that was gone in a fraction of that split-second, it was still enough to have the rest of him sit up and look around like a highly nervous dog.
“Isn’t it?” John asked, a snap in his voice as he glared at the other. “Because that’s what it looks from here but then again, you’re the ones with the bigger picture and the knowledge, aren’t you? Even when it can threaten the entirety of the ones who care about you, you still have to let me know that I have to be told even the most basic thing – “
He tugged at the hands again, gently, and Sherlock followed, drawing close but still without any dragon indication.
Another reason, as though he needed it, for getting this over with as soon as possible. It wasn’t as though he needed to dive deeply or search far.
‘Thank you’ wasn’t really an expression that passed with any sort of frequency between the two brothers, if at all, and Sherlock wasn’t about to change that.
Apropos of holes, he also found the hole the bullet had made in the membrane, running his finger gently around it rather than pushing it through, which Sherlock was grateful for. That said, it elicited another small shiver.
“I do understand that concern,” Sherlock said softly, “and I should’ve thought about that the moment you mentioned it. Before that, even. Not only that but other potential pitfalls, too, and I –”
While there was unquestionably a reaction, it was more of a small grunt – he couldn’t see the face as he was still keeping his eyes firmly closed – and contraction of the muscles which were hit. The body didn’t budge and neither did it release him.
Then he continued down the street, his own coffee in one hand and in the other, the bag of baked goods had already gotten a little see-through from the grease that had leaked.
He had no idea where those words had come from or why they hadn’t been deleted when he’d heard them, but he couldn’t deny their relevance in the circumstances.
“Oh, did you want a rescue rather than a place to escape from the world in? You should’ve only said.”
It had finished ringing but was ringing again, and he managed to answer it, noting that it wasn’t a number he recognised but that that didn’t have to mean anything.
An awful lot of talking and explaining. Hopefully it's cleared up a few things or at least been an interesting read. It was certainly interesting to write, especially trying to balance exposition with character.
But there was a problem inherent in that. He had deleted what he’d known about courting and while his instincts were likely capable of getting him at least some of the way, he had no desire to relinquish the hold he had on them.
The erroneous thought of Sherlock stuck as a civil servant while Mycroft solved crimes flashed a fin at him as it swam past and John could barely manage to suppress a snorting giggle, which was made more difficult when he then couldn’t help but wonder whether Mycroft would then swirl his umbrella where Sherlock turned up his coat collar.
Making up his mind and squaring his shoulders for whatever might happen once he went through, he pushed the door open, keeping his head down and generally going about the usual undressing ritual of coming home, as though nothing was out of the ordinary.
The point was that he wouldn’t be treated as though he had no value of his own or that he was a chore to be dealt with then moved past without any further thought to his state of mind or state of being. He was not an afterthought, not in any kind of relationship, and Sherlock should be aware of that. Aware and willing to accommodate it just as John accommodated Sherlock.
It helped that what Sherlock had planned wasn’t intended for the morning. That was, he was a little bit early in terms of their anniversary. But that was alright. The less opportunity John had for dragging them off to a ‘family Christmas’ before he could get it underway, the better.
John groaned, but inwardly. As puns went, it was relatively inoffensive and besides, he knew what it was there for.
As for coming down, that horrible crash, he needn’t worry about that ever again, it said as it moved even closer, very close to touching him now, if he would just relinquish that control. He didn’t need it, did he? Whatever would he need it for? What had it ever brought him, all the worries and the stress, the tight discipline and denial he had to exhibit to keep everything down? Wouldn’t it be so much better to just let it go, let it be and have some peace? Didn’t he deserve that peace?
That Sherlock had smiled a soft, warm smile at the correction had only strengthened that determination, though it also brought forth again the guilt of what his knee-jerk reactions wrought.
This was hardly a case of that, though. However long, or short, they’d known each other, there was no real denying that they fitted together as though they’d known each other for years. It wasn’t a case of love at first sight, not really, but neither was it a case of the scent bond choosing for them.
When John glanced over at Sherlock at that, it looked as though she’d gone up a little in his estimation and his interest was piqued by unknown but potentially interesting studies from creditable sources. What was more, he was preening slightly under the inadvertent praise.
It made even more sense to have come into John’s room rather than Sherlock’s when they stepped into said bedroom and saw the…
Sherlock paused, uncertain of whether it’d be okay for him to sit down next to John or whether it’d be better to remain standing. Yeah, they’d gotten along in texts and so, great in fact, but that might still be a bit too far, and Sherlock didn’t want to rock the boat, as it were.
But there was no denying that even if John wasn’t sentimental about his belongings, he took good care of them, made sure they worked for the longest possible time.
for John, as such. Sure, there were things that suggested so, and his interest was unmistakable. That did not translate into anything positive, let alone good.
Thank you all for not finding the last chapter boring. And thanks for sticking with me and the story. It really means a lot
But he was claimed by the waves of sleep before he could even start to struggle his way back up to consciousness.
All those little mundanities, unimportant humdrums of everyday life. The ones that he always detested, or claimed to, anyway. All the ones he’d never thought John had paid so much attention to, never mind actually, genuinely had seemed to cherish, and that wasn’t including all the ones that he hadn’t mentioned, the ones that Sherlock would add if he was asked.
She’d later explained to John that it was her hip, which made navigating stairs ever so difficult, and that Sherlock had actually made sure her husband
What I meant was, how do we plan practising? I know you’re brilliant at playing the violin and I’m not bad at the guitar, and it’s not the entire song that’s both instruments but – “
But surely, that couldn’t be it? Why would that have any significant impact on him, on them? Granted, it wasn’t as though his knowledge was great on the subject, to say the least, but even so, it didn’t seem like it would matter that much.
She then looked up at the doctor again, giving him a very piercing look indeed, and at first, it seemed like she wasn’t going to say anything to him. That they might communicate silently or else just hold a staring contest. Each seemed equally possibly, to be honest.
If he was brutally honest with himself, he didn’t even know whether she was actually still alive, however much he fervently, desperately hoped that she was. The thought that he would find her, only to be met with a dead body or a gravestone tore his heart to pieces even if he knew he had to be prepared for the eventuality. As well as her ended up worse than dead, too.
“Induce people into doing what I want? No.” Especially not when you then had to deal with them one way or another.
That wasn’t good enough for the Alpha, it seemed, and another clinic was phoned. They’d met a bereavement and was sadly closed for the time being.
Some things, though, he couldn’t expand on, such as exactly what had happened in Sherlock’s mind during the time that he’d dived into his own mind to gain the upper hand and the leash of the dragon, no matter how much he tried.
He heard feet pounding from deep within the apartment and a deep voice grumbling loudly about inconvenient prats knocking on the door at this time of the evening.
John turned suddenly at the sound of a deep voice. He would have missed the figure in the shadows all together if it hadn’t been for the bright red glow of a pipe being lit.
“He turned to me and said,” John cleared his throat and deepened his voice to imitate his father. “‘Santa isn’t real you little shite. I buy you this stupid crap with my hard-earned money then you’re cunt mother puts the presents under the tree and lies to you. It’s not Santa! It’s me!’
“Not friends? Enemies then?” John began tucking his fingers under Sherlock’s white t-shirt, softly skimming the skin just under his bellybutton. He felt the coarse hair nestled just above the taller man’s cock and ran his fingers through it in a lazy reverent stroke.
“I love you Sherlock Holmes. I have loved you for years and I will love you for the rest of my life. I know that now. I’m not asking you for anything. You don’t have to say it back. You don’t owe me anything. After all these years I just want to be honest with you.”
Sherlock hadn’t actually struck him, but John felt punched in the gut. Was it really his fault? Of course it was. He had messed this whole thing up. Tears began spilling down John’s face, but he didn’t make a sound, just stood there in the middle of the living room. Sherlock shot him a disgusted look.
Within seconds John was behind the man ripping him off of Clementine and throwing him to the floor. John stepped between the two, his body posture clearly ready for a fight. The other man rose slowly to his feet and brushed the front of his shirt with an indignant scoff.
“Can you believe it?” He turned to Clem. “There my poor mother was, bleeding and frightened, and all I could think about was Santa.”
Clementine froze to the spot like a small animal caught in a cage. Then, slowly, she closed the door and stepped toward Sherlock.
Slowly, carefully, Sherlock walked over to John and reached out his hand. John stared at it for a moment, looking between Sherlock’s hand and resolute gaze. When he finally reached to accept it, Sherlock pulled him to his chest. They stood, bodies pressed together, gazing at one another.
“No. Forced mutual acquaintances.” Sherlock was barely able to speak at this point. John’s hands were undoing his constitution bit by bit. He could feel the heat pooling in his belly and knew if this continued much longer he would be hard again. Sherlock closed his eyes as John rucked up his shirt.
They made love that night. Slowly, passionately, reverently. When John had climaxed inside Sherlock, the curly haired man turned them over and slowly began working his lover open. Then Sherlock made love to John again.
“Did Sherlock ever tell you about his brother?” Clem asked. The prospect of another gorgeous Holmes boy seemed to spark Victor’s interest. He uncrossed his arms, shoving his hands into his pockets and standing a bit straighter.
Sherlock looked down at his friend, rocking gently on the floor at his feet. He knew he had to do something. In an instant he was out the door and down the stairs.
Quickly Sherlock grabbed his phone and shot off a text, as John began pecking kissed to his collar bone.
“That’s when Harry ran into the room and pushed my dad off of my mom. ‘Stop it!’ she shouted at him. ‘Just stop it!’”
“This is mine. Do you understand? This tight gorgeous ass is mine. Don’t you ever tell me what I do and do not like ever again do you hear me?”
When John stepped out of the pub, looking both ways for the two women, he saw them stumbling, arms around each other’s shoulders, down the sidewalk. He breathed a sigh of relief.
“While you two talk about pegging, I need to use the restroom.” Clem struggled to her feet, careful not to step on the various detritus that littered the floor or knock over the plastic milk crate that supported Vic’s CD player. Victor didn’t even bother telling her where the bathroom was, opting instead to continue staring at Sherlock. Clem rolled her eyes again.
“Yes, touch yourself. That’s it.” John encouraged. “You look so goddamn gorgeous ridding my cock like that. I want to fuck you until you cum all over me. Can you do that Sherlock? Will you cum all over my chest?”
“John,” he gasped, “You’re inside me. I can feel you inside me.” Sherlock sounded surprised, even though he knew it had been him who initiated their current activity. He continued to rock slowly back and forth.
Sorry to leave you all hanging, but I wanted to get in one more update before I disappeared for a while. I hope you enjoyed it! I have a smutty little one-shot that I might write up, just to get it out of my head before the craziness ensues. So keep your eyes peeled for that!
Tears were falling from her eyes now. Her father loosed his grip on the back of her head and raised his hand to strike her across the face. Clementine flinched, preparing for the blow.
Suddenly Clementine was met with the filthy image of John’s hand buried most of the way into Sherlock’s arsehole, unmoving, his thumb resting gently on the man’s perineum, the tip of his cock just at the corner of the screen.
Suddenly, Sherlock felt the silky weight of his lover slide between the crack of his luscious arse and he knew what John was doing. He could see the picture in his mind’s eye: John’s cock perfectly framed by the supple round globes of his behind. Then he heard the camera click.
