"Cas," Dean rasped, "you gotta stop calling me beautiful.  And you need do something, or get up so I can do it myself."
"What is it?"
psycho, we got hammered and uh... It just kind of came out one night.  But I would never... not like
"Anyway, I'll be okay. I'm just not ready yet. And then the whole going back and having people asking why I was off and stuff... I don't want to talk about it."
Dean shook his head.  "You have some weird kinks for an angel."
Cas sighed impatiently.   He should be used to Dean's stubbornness by now, but it was still frustrating.
Cas groaned in frustration.
of being embarrassed, look who's okay with still being shirtless," he teased, rubbing a hand up and down his back.
"O-okay."
Dean just smiled and slipped his arm around Cas's waist, guiding him toward the front door of the building.  "Just a few more minutes, sweetheart, and you'll see.  I think you'll be fine though."
He mentally prepared himself for the inevitable 'why' that was coming.
.   He wasn't lying when he told Sam that this wasn't just about what Dean needed.  But what he didn't tell him was,
Cas shook his head.  "No.  That whole bad-with-concert-crowds thing..."
Dean chuckled softly. "Oh, sweetheart. It'll work. You just need to ease into it. Try again," he coaxed.
::::::::::::::::::::::::
"Cool.  Later, Romeo," Gabe said as he opened his car door and slipped inside.
shower again later..."
"When it doesn't matter!" Cas exclaimed.  "When I can fake a smile and tell them what they want to hear!  I'm great at being insincere," he laughed bitterly.  "I don't even have many friends!  And no close ones, they're more like
"Anytime," Gabe smiled.
"Ohh," Cas hummed.  "Well I like it."
"Why?"
From the slightly quieter bathroom, he once again pulled out his phone and dialed Cas's number, hoping he wasn't sleeping again.
Gabe chuckled again. "I just mean, Cas has said a lot of good things about you. No offense, but I thought you'd be a
"Oh thanks!" Gabriel perked up at the chance to talk about his cooking again.  "It's a blend of spices.  Rosemary, thyme, sage, black pepper, salt, garlic, basil, and just a touch of oregano."
Cas nodded again, both confused and excited.
"Dean?"  Cas's voice suddenly tore him from his self-pity. "You didn't sleep much.  What are you thinking about?"
"Alright," Dean agreed, finally convinced that Cas was really okay with this plan. "Let's just go there then. We'll find something comfy to sleep in, watch some Netflix, and order a pizza. Sound good?"
"Where ya' goin'?" Gabriel asked nonchalantly.
"We're gonna play a little game tonight, okay? " Dean breathed. Ever-so-slowly he unbuttoned and rolled up his sleeves, and then removed his vest.  "Baby's been such a good boy tonight, I thought maybe we could toy around with that little fantasy of yours... And one of mine too."
"What?"
He picked up the canister of Matchbox cars and dumped them onto the floor.
Dean huffed a little in surprise.  "Oh.  I uh..."  he cleared his throat nervously.  "Um... Cas, I..."
"O-kay."
"Oh." Cas flushed all the way to the tips of his ears.  "Well I, um.  I-I love you too," he finished, grinning sheepishly.
Cas nodded shyly.
expect that."
"Me neither," Cas giggled, sprawling flat on his back.  He stared up at falling snowflakes backlit by the lonely streetlight as he tried desperately to catch his breath.   "You know what else I haven't done since I was a kid?" he puffed.
"They're freakin' skinny jeans!"
:::::::::::::::
Cas frowned and attempted to check his breath with his hand. "Is that a mint? Oh god, does my breath smell?"
"Hmm?"
"But it's true."
"Yessss," Cas breathed. "I feel really good, actually. Is the music coming from me? I mean... am I making the music right now?"
"I... don't know..."
"So go to the bathroom and do something about it."  Dean sat up and clicked the lamp on, rubbing tiredly at his eyes. .
, but he was still determined to carry on.
"Cas," Dean said in a low, rumbly voice.  "Take my pants off."
Dean nodded happily and rolled onto his stomach, grabbing a coloring book off the nightstand and mindlessly coloring a picture of Batman as he watched.
"Mmmhmm." He tuned out the rustling of the people around them, breathing in that calming scent until there was nothing there but him and Dean.
"Really?"
Cas fought back a whimper and set to work, sliding his lips up and down the shaft of Dean's cock while Dean's fist tightly gripped his hair.  Being manhandled like this was not something Cas was accustomed to, but for some reason, he felt compelled to do as he was told.  Not only that - he
Cas balked at following him out of the bathroom naked, but again, he had no choice, so he held his head high and stared straight ahead, even when a random demon in the hallway decided to wolf whistle at him.
"Good.  Well... Goodnight?"
Nervous laughter escaped Dean's throat and he pulled back a bit to get some space between them. "Yeah," he choked.  "I know it does. But it's kind of inappropriate."
"Of course."  Cas picked up Dean's plate with one hand and caressed his cheek with the other before giving him another quick kiss.  "Call me when you're on your way home."
said he was anxious.
Cas and Sam continued to make small talk for a while until Dean finally interrupted.
something like that without destroying their friendship?
"Staaaahp," Cas drawled, bowing his head bashfully and focusing on his pie.
Cas frowned. "I'm only suggesting it because I think it might help you sort through some of your issues.  You have so many unresolved issues when it comes to your father that..."
"Shhhh," Dean laughed, wiping blueberry off his face. "I'll get there soon enough..."  He crawled around to settle in the space between Cas's legs and began licking down the sticky purple trail inside of his thighs.
"Deeean," Cas laughed and pouted at the same time. "We have dinner with Gabe and Sam tomorrow!"
"Yeah..." Gabriel stared for a few moments, just long enough for Cas to feel a bit unsettled.
"I did something," he admitted.
Cas stretched and stood up, lamenting having to leave his comfy spot on the bed. Dean's bed was so much more comfortable than his own, and best of all, it
Cas nodded, staring thoughtfully out the window.  "Do you really think you can teach me?"
and he most definitely wanted to see Dean, even if the thought made him tremble with anxiety and anticipation.   "Um.  When?"
"Hmm?"
Sam nodded.   "Yeah.  It really is.  He's so much more relaxed. He even seems more... I don't know. I feel like he's even opening up more when he's
.  Dean had been wanting to hear those words from Cas for years, but this was just confusing.   He was into it, of course, but he knew this was probably a bad idea. Still, Cas was pleading with him in that wrecked, ragged voice, and Dean would do absolutely anything to never have to hear that voice again.
"What do you mean?"
Cas nodded and arched his back as Dean dipped close to his balls. He was so frustrated his eyes were watering and he knew he wouldn't last much longer. He was making embarrassing, strangled noises and it was getting harder to not cry out.
"Merry Christmas, Cas."
"I told you," he whispered, grabbing Dean's hand.  "Take care of me, Dean.   Take complete control over me.  I don't want to screw up anymore."
"See ya."  Cas sat dejectedly on the floor in front of one of his empty shelves, putting each book back in numerical order.  He was stewing in resentment, thinking about how much he didn't want to be there when Charlie came dashing over.
"And strawberries and whipped cream," Gabriel assured him  "Just like you like them.  C'mon.  Take your anxiety pill if you need to and come upstairs."
Cas smiled.  "Well that would be nice, but I guess we have to wait until at least tomorrow."
Cas nodded uncertainty.  "Yes and no.  I think I'm relaxed mostly because I'm warm and sleepy. I'll be anxious again when I'm more awake."
"Dammit, Cas, " Dean mumbled.   He pulled open the shower curtain and stepped inside, clothing be damned.  "Hey," he said softly, wrapping his arms around Cas's trembling frame.
"Yep. You love me. Deal with it.  You know how I
"You're okay," he whispered.  "I'm here with you, and this will pass.  Just breathe deep and slow for me, okay?"
"Nah, I wish.  Still in New York.  I'm just not feeling it this week."
Dean sighed.  "Sure you can.  Just close your eyes and wait."
have?"
Dean rolled his eyes in amusement. "Nevermind. Almost time," he said.  "You gonna be okay?"
Digging in his pocket for his phone, Dean checked the time and decided to give Cas a quick call before he headed back to the club.
"Hot chocolate sounds amazing."
"I can call him later..."
, my ass," he scoffed. "Fess up, Pretty Boy," he said, grinning like a loon as he waited for Dean to speak again.
Cas nodded eagerly.
Without another word, the man swooped behind the desk.  "Can I help you now?"
Cas took his skates and examined them closely. "I don't even know why this freaks me out," he sighed. "Why am I'm so bad at trying new things? There are so many things I wish my parents had encouraged me to do when I was younger. I always wanted to play sports and join school clubs, but they kept us kind of sheltered."
Cas was still feeling a bit flushed and awkward, but it was also nice to get it off his chest.  "You're strangely okay with this," he muttered.  "I don't usually talk about it to people... Especially to people I don't know that well.  The few I've told always seem really uncomfortable when I mention it.  I'm not even sure why I'm telling you, except that I've been acting weird every time you've seen me."
Cas nodded.
"Good...  Can you turn on the weather from there?"
guys just
Sam frowned.  "But wait..."
He pulled the crust off the top of a slice and stuck a finger into the purple pie goo.
"Nope," Dean shrugged.  "We're going into the city though, so settle in.  Why don't you control the music for us?  If you hit this button," he said, pressing a button on the stereo, "I have a huge memory card full of albums on there.  Go nuts."
"That's it?  No kissing, no heavy petting, nothing?" Gabe exclaimed.
"Want me to stop?"
"Okay, Little One.  Dinner's ready.  Finish up your picture and come to the table, okay?"
"Good boy. On your back this time," he breathed. "And Cas?"
"Oh my god," Cas murmured.  "How do you even hide a bottle this big?" There was no being discreet about this.  Sure, he'd seen the same bottle on Gabe's nightstand, but Cas wasn't as keen on keeping an econo-size bottle of lube on permanent display.  He chuckled nervously at his brother's ridiculous purchase, shaking his head.  He picked up the bag to toss it, but realized there was another lightweight box in the bottom.  Curiously, he fished it out and stared at the package.
"I don't know. I get freaked out at the thought of anyone seeing me naked.  Or even shirtless. It's stupid, I know.  And being...
Dean chewed his sandwich, silently looking back and forth between the two of them, happy that they seemed to be getting along.  "You know," he said, choking down his last bite, "You and Cas are a lot alike, actually...  He's into the same kinda music too, Sammy."
There weren't many things in this world that could convince Cas to get out of bed when he felt overly anxious, but Gabriel's Belgian Nutella waffles were one of them   "Alright," he said grudgingly.  He decided to take half an Ativan first, then followed Gabriel upstairs.
. Hell, he'd been so anxious he
Cas pulled away, rolling over until he was face-to-face with Dean.  "You can't drive home in this.  Didn't you hear them?  Stay off the roads unless absolutely necessary."
As he lay there with his eyes tightly shut, fucking
Cas shrugged and handed him the bag.
want?" Cas asked suspiciously, reaching for a bottle of rum.
"A little," Dean chuckled warmly. "You have nothing to feel guilty about, sweetheart. You know that, right?"
Gabriel shrugged.  "Yeah, well.  It's a blessing and a curse being this good looking," he said matter-of-factly, trying hard to keep a straight face.  "Luckily for you, I don't swing that way."
Cas whimpered excitedly, already fumbling with his waistband.  "Y-Yes sir."
"How did it go?"
"I guess they make it worth your time..."
Dean shrugged.  "It turned you on, didn't it?"
"Nah," Cas smiled.  "Mostly, it's just kind of embarrassing."
The breath caught in his throat as Dean stared at him, jaw agape. "Are you
"Shit, it's getting worse out there," Dean murmured, his eyes glued to the large picture window that graced Cas's living room.  The snow was falling harder now, and it was difficult to even see across the street through the sea of white.  "Hope I can make it home."
"Let me put it on you, baby" Dean said in a throaty whisper.
kind of psycho. Maybe it's time to start looking for a new job."
It didn't matter how many times Dean had lived it, winter in New York still held a certain charm - the crisp, clean smell of freshly fallen snow on the pavement, holiday decorations in every storefront window display, a bell-ringing Santa on every corner, and best of all, the Rockefeller Christmas tree overlooking the quaint skating rink.
Cas ducked his head and took a deep breath.  He was starting to feel a little overwhelmed by all this frank sex talk.
They continued polite conversation for a few more minutes, and just as Cas was afraid he'd run out of things to say, their food arrived.
"Deeean," Cas giggled weakly."Let's just go before I lose my nerve."
"Good boy.  Now let me finish washing you and then you're going to wash me."  Dean pulled back and grabbed a washcloth, soaped it up, and smoothed it over Cas's chest.  "You look good naked," Dean murmured.  "Who knew you had a body under that tax accountant getup?"
Cas shrugged.  "Who knows.  She's like the world's worst boss."
"This."  Cas spread his arms and legs wide and flapped them up and down, creating a winged version of himself in the snow. Dean smiled and lay back down next to him, mimicking his motions until there were two perfect, side-by-side snow angels.  He pushed himself up and stood, offering a hand up to Cas.
Gabriel let out a loud guffaw. "No,
Dean took a deep breath, tears stinging at his eyes.  Just talking about this made Cas look younger and scared and vulnerable, and god, did he fucking hate that.
Dean took a deep breath.
Cas gritted his teeth as one particularly aggressive woman leaned into Dean's personal space, running a finger down his cheek. He couldn't quite hear what she was saying, but he didn't have to. The way she stared up at him, coyly biting her lip said it all. He scowled and sighed loudly. She was gorgeous, he supposed, if you were into that kind of thing. Unfortunately, knowing that Dean was bisexual just gave him added insecurity sometimes, even though he knew it was completely irrational. The woman flipped her hair and smiled, and Cas could almost hear her stupid giggle from his spot on the stool. He tapped his foot restlessly. Dean's facial expressions remained calm and neutral throughout this, but the woman relentlessly continued. When she asked for a selfie, Dean obliged, and just as she clicked the button, she leaned in and kissed Dean on the cheek.
"Oh.  I uh... just wanted to talk.  Haven't seen you in a few days.  Is that okay?" Dean fumbled.  "I'm sorry, I'm trying to figure this shit out.  This is still weird, isn't it?"  He grimaced as he raked his fingers anxiously over his three-day old stubble.
Cas stared ahead in awe as they drew nearer, fascinated by the sheer number of lights covering the  enormous tree. "It's even cooler than it looks on TV," he breathed.
Cas smiled, a bit sheepishly.  "He is. I've always had Gabe, so I'm pretty lucky.   But Dean has been good to me too, I think."
"Nothing,
practically a damn dog collar, after all. Maybe it was the taboo, or the slight naughtiness of it that was exciting... The thought of being 'owned' by Dean was a major turn-on.
Cas knew there was no reasoning with him when he was upset, so he just sighed and nodded as Dean walked out the door.
"Can I walk you through some breathing?"
Cas let out a sigh of relief as the gag came off, and just as he took a deep breath, a garbled noise that sounded suspiciously like a sob escaped him.   "Dean," he managed weakly.
"Oh. Thanks. I didn't plan on putting one up. Gabe is such a dork. I went with him to pick out a tree, and next thing I know, he and the tree guy are trying to tie two trees to the top of his tiny-ass car," he laughed. "So we decorated his tree first, then we came down here and did mine too. It was actually kind of nice."
"F-fine, Cas," Dean panted.  "Go back to sleep," he said, trying to disguise what sounded like a sniffle.
"Take it off," Dean whispered.
"No!" His face burned red with embarrassment as he turned away from Sammy. "I'm not a baby," he grumbled as he rubbed tiredly at his eyes.
believe any of that, of course.  But I guess there's still some weird guilt there.  Gabe told me they were anti-birth control too, and the only reason they didn't have a dozen kids is because mom had some medical issues."  He paused, suddenly embarrassed that he was spilling all of this information.  "I guess, in a way, it's good they never knew I was into guys because I would have been disowned for sure.  You know, being gay was a sin too..."
collar. I was going to surprise you with it someday down the road.
"I don't... It's just... I'm a virgin!" Cas blurted. "Oh my god..."  He clamped a hand over his mouth, feeling absolutely mortified.
"Hrrmph.  Okay, okay.  Stop talking.  You
at Escape I remember.  Anna at work knew who he was.  She was practically fangirling over him. Is he really that big?"
"Mmmph," Dean mumbled around another big bite of food.  "I like to know what kind of person I'm dealing with right away."
"Oh?"
learn to skate?" Cas asked.
"I'm Dean, by the way," he continued.  "What's going on?  Should I call 911?"
Dean reached out and gripped his hand as they walked. "First homeless person?" he asked softly.
"O-okay," Dean managed in a breathy whisper. "Put it on me, baby."
"I'm just saying, it's so good seeing you loosen up. Meeting Dean has been really good for you."
"Thanks. I'll text him in a bit.  Thanks for looking after him."
"Cas?" Dean's sleep-heavy voice startled him, and he started struggling to sit up.
::::::::::
Cas squirmed uncomfortably at the praise and he inwardly groaned.  He certainly didn't feel beautiful. Right now he felt like a gawky, awkward teenager again.
Cringing, Cas opened his eyes.  He couldn't bear looking at Dean while he was so exposed, but Dean was once again persistent.
Since Sam was at a loss for words, they finished their breakfast in an awkward silence.  He felt weird, and uncomfortable, and just a tad freaked out.  He'd spent his entire life looking up to Dean, the stoic big brother who rarely showed signs of weakness. It suddenly reminded him that underneath the tough exterior, Dean was always just a scared kid too -  a kid that had to grow up way too fast.  While other kids were laughing and playing hide and seek, he was busy cooking dinner and protecting his baby brother from monsters.
Cas nodded blissfully as Dean's wrapped an arm around his shoulder and began walking him toward the door.
Something about this whole scenario made him feel like his middle school self, fumbling through his first kiss. He was excited and terrified and confused all at once.  This was supposed to be fun, no-strings attached handjobs and shit!  Why did it already feel like something more?
It wasn't a gradual progression that had led them here - hell, it wasn't even a lust-driven, spur-of-the-moment idea. This evening had been meticulously discussed and planned, boundaries had been drawn, and preparations made.
Dean sighed and rubbed the back of his neck as he often did when he was nervous.  "I don't think I'm going to like it.  But I'll try."
Dean chuckled, finally managing to evade Cas's grip and sitting up. "Hey, would you mind uh..." he motioned to his cum-stained t-shirt and wrinkled his nose.
"Aw shit.  Sorry," Dean grimaced.   "I forgot we said we were going to do that. You could have waited for me though."  He turned the Impala onto the main road in search of the nearest diner.
about slipping into... what had Cas called it?  Littlespace?   He had just barely begun to wrap his head around the concept of subspace in general.
"Well thank goodness for Gabe," the doctor smiled.  "You
Cas just stood there, trying his hardest to blend in with the tile wall, but he couldn't help the sob that escaped his throat.
going to fix him, dammit.
"I guess," he pouted.
"No! God no! I don't regret it for a minute. Holy shit, it was
called each other just to chat, and he felt clumsy and awkward trying to make small talk. "It was... I don't know, a normal day.  We just got back from a job in Wichita. A Khan worm got in my head and Sammy had to zap the shit out of me. So that was fun. Came home, had a burger and some beer and called you."
without my permission," he frowned.  "That's one thing I hate about dance clubs. You okay?"
Dr. Mitchell squinted curiously. "A dance club is a huge step."
Cas closed his eyes for a second and shook his head, already feeling the blood drain from his face.  He knew what was coming. Sure enough, he reached into the bag and pulled out a forty-count variety pack of condoms.
"You okay?" Cas asked tentatively.
"Me neither. You uh... you wanna keep it that way?"
"Oh?  Good things,  I hope?" Cas smiled warmly as he gave Dean a quick peck on the cheek.
"You ready, Dean?"   A tall, lanky figure with a clipboard and headset stuck his head into the booth, shaking his concentration.
Oh, he was well aware.  But when Cas casually suggested they add a little ageplay to their relationship, he damn near shit his pants.
"Shhh.  It'll get better."
"Do you like it?" Cas asked nervously. He'd bought Dean toy cars and trains before, but he wasn't sure how he'd react to something cute and fluffy.
Dean's entire body was already singing with a mixture of anxiety and anticipation.   Dammit, he should not be so turned on already. And why the hell was he still trembling?
Dean grinned.  "You don't have to.  No pressure.  But you really seemed to relax when I was stroking your hair yesterday... "  He held an arm out and motioned for him to come closer.  "Come here," he whispered.
Dean smiled and reached over to the nightstand, grabbing the collar and presenting it to him.
"You know, when I first moved here, I had a
He could feel a red flush creep over his face and suddenly his entire body felt hot all over.  "I um..." he stuttered, trying to say something, anything, but he couldn't find the words.   All he wanted to do was run and hide, and...  "I'll be right back," he blurted, bolting from his spot on his couch in an attempt to hide in the bathroom for a few minutes.  He'd barely made it into the dining room when a wave of dizziness hit him.  His vision started blacking out around the edges and he took a few last desperate, staggering steps toward the bathroom before everything went black.
"This isn't it," Dean complained almost immediately.
good. It's like all my anxiety just vanished and I relaxed!  And the
"Yeah.  Shaddup," Dean chuckled. "You're both just jealous."
"You might as well get comfortable," Tom muttered. He went around to the end of the bed and began lashing Cas's feet to the bottom of the bed frame, leaving him bound and spread-eagle on the mattress.
"Legs up," he said softly.
"Does it feel gross?"
"What do you mean? " Cas asked, glancing up from his position near Dean's stomach.
"Hey!"
Cas grinned and closed his eyes again, thankful that his brother was pretty awesome, even if he was a total pain in the ass sometimes.
"Fucks sake!" Gabriel yelled angrily. He slammed his plate down on the table as he took a seat across from him. "Lucky I wasn't there. I would have kicked his ass!"
"Mmm... I mean, I want you," Cas panted. "Right now. Please," he whispered, nibbling Dean's earlobe and grinding down into his lap.
"Towel off,"Dean demanded.
Dean Ambrose, is it?"
Dean grinned.  "Good.  I've got your number now, so I'll call you."
"Dude! What the fuck? " Dean yelled. "Me and
Gabriel frowned.  "Hmm.  Well yeah, I guess I can understand him staying... then what were you doing on the couch with him?"
"You said you miss playing in the snow.  So let's play," Dean exclaimed.
"Mmmhmm."  Cas nodded tiredly, wrapping his arms around him and pulling him close. "I don't think I've ever, um,
"Better. Ohhhh. Oh god..." Cas's eyes rolled back and his body arched as Dean entered him again.
Cas nodded.  "Okay. Let's dry off then."  Again, he leaned down and effortlessly scooped Dean out of the tub, this time placing his feet on the floor and helping him stand.  He worked over every inch of him with a fluffy, white towel, and Dean relaxed this time, a wave of calm washing over him as he gave himself over completely.
important."
it is  I'm very old, you know. I've heard of most everything."
Cas sighed happily.   He was pretty sure Dean wouldn't remember this conversation in the morning, but he answered anyway.
Cas chuckled as he looked over his shoulder.  "Mmmhmm.  You're easy.  Now take me."
When the alarm went off the next morning, Cas groaned and hit his snooze button.  He didn't want to go to work today.  Meg would surely be back and he wasn't sure he could face her after her toddler hissy fit yesterday.  Come to think of it,
Slowly, a wide smile spread across Dean's face. "Cas, you are so sweet. Really, we don't have to."
Cas sighed deeply and propped his head up to stare at him. "Dean Winchester," he admonished.  "Are you seriously doubting your masculinity again?  Usually I'd remind you that your ideals on gender are just man-made concepts... but if I'm being completely honest, you are the complete embodiment of raw, rugged masculinity," he purred.   "Have you not noticed how people are drawn to you like flies? "
how much you love your work, and you're just... Well, frankly, you're like a fucking
Cas shrugged.  "I don't know," he sighed.  "You already do too much for me. My disability insurance should kick in next week, so I'll have a bit of money then."
"Wrong answer," Dean admonished, shoving his two middle fingers into Cas's mouth, making an effective gag as he pressed down on the back of his tongue.
, Dean thought.
As the lights came back on and the crowd began shuffling out, Cas sheepishly realized tears were streaming down his face. He wiped them away, but not before Dean caught a glimpse of him.
"Yeah.  So cute I want to gag," Sam grimaced. "So Gabe," he said, changing the subject.  "This is the best turkey I've ever eaten.  What is that, rosemary that tastes so good?"
Cas swooned and pressed forward for another kiss. "Yeah," he gasped as he pulled away. "Because I'd really hate that... I'm sorry," he blurted again. "I guess I'm not
Cas mumbled his approval around a mouthful of Dean's cock, and he grumbled as the hand suddenly pulled away.
"Cas," Dean interrupted. "I
"Okay..."
With shaky hands, Cas tore open the packet and removed the condom, not entirely sure what he was doing, but he had a good idea.
," Cas continued.  "And it's not like you haven't met him before. Why are you so nervous all of a sudden?"
Cas nodded as Dean put an arm around him and lead him past the circulation desk, where Charlie gave them a suspicious look, then herded him out the front door.
good like this."
.  Making his way back to the living room where Dean was now waiting, Cas suddenly realized that aside from the whole almost-naked-thing,  he didn't feel too anxious today.  Still depressed, yes, but the anxiety seemed to be a bit better.  Maybe his meds were starting to work.  Or maybe he was finally getting more comfortable being around Dean. Either way, it was nice for a change.
"Really?  Can we listen to it now?"
"I know."
getting cold," he admitted.
"What show did you always make Dee watch, even though he hated it? " Cas asked, suddenly remembering discussion he'd had with Dean.
Dean nodded nervously.  Jesus, what was happening to him?  This whole thing was making him feel a bit too mushy.  This was supposed to be a quickie no-strings fling, but he was feeling all sorts of things that he shouldn't be.
"Look, whatever you guys do is your own business, Cas.  I don't need to know."  Sam was sitting at the kitchen table sipping his coffee, and looking a bit skittish.
"Dean Ambrose," he mused, squinting expectantly at Cas. "Wait.  This isn't
Cas nodded and began scanning through Dean's collection, thankful for the distraction. Poring through each album, he was amazed at just how similar their musical tastes really  were.  With the exception of a few albums he didn't recognize, this could well be his own music collection.  "You really do have good taste," he murmured.  "Wait.  'Dean Ambrose'.  Is this you?"
"I know, sweetheart," Dean whispered. "But you've come so far in such a relatively short period of time.  It's pretty amazing, really. You lived through
"I um.  I guess, maybe having my arms restrained while um... you know.  Oh my god, how do you get me to open up about things like this?" Cas blushed, covering his face with a hand.  "And...
"Yes," Cas sniffed.  "Kind of. I mean, I know
"Alright.  We're done talking about sex, I promise," Dr. Mitchell laughed.  "So give me your final thoughts. You're feeling a bit better overall?"
Cas's eyes welled with tears. "
"Don't feel obligated, of course," Cas continued casually.  "I was just offering a possible solution to both of our problems."
said that.  Sorry, I'm an idiot." He shifted awkwardly as his face reddened, and Cas couldn't help but think how cute he was when he got embarrassed.  Ninety-nine percent of the time he seeme calm and collected, so the little reminder that Dean might be a bit nervous too actually made him feel better.
Cas shook his head and laughed.  "Don't you know you're not supposed to talk religion, politics, or Star Wars vs. Star Trek?  I'm pretty sure that's how wars are started!"
Gabriel was sitting in the cushy velvet chair across from him, paging through a magazine while Cas aimlessly flipped through channels with the remote.  "Is that your phone?" he asked suddenly, looking around for the source of the buzzing noise that had just sounded.
"If you're sure, just lower yourself down and I'll take care of the rest. Take your time."
"So you've never been with a man?" he asked curiously.
Dutifully, Dean picked up the nearby pillow and placed it on the floor between Cas's feet.
Maybe it was the way Cas kept looking at him with those wide, imploring blue eyes, like he was something delicate and precious.  Who the hell did he think he
Dean smacked a hand to his forehead.  "Right.  Sorry, I wasn't thinking."  He slowed for a red light before turning onto Cas's road.  "Does Mexican food give you panic attacks?"
"Don't apologize... What happened?  Or do you have panic disorder like me where they just come out of the blue?"
The sound of flapping wings and wind blew into the receiver again and Dean held it away from his ear as he cringed.
"Dammit," Dean muttered.  It never failed.  Anytime he set up some music to auto-play so that he could take a quick bathroom break, someone had to talk to him.  He plastered a smile on his face anyway as he glanced up. Strolling toward the booth was a tall, scruffy-looking  man dressed from head to toe in black.
"Reverting to an older age..."  Cas mused.  His eyes closed as he thought about it, trying to let the scenario play out in his mind.  "I don't know.  We could try it.  Do you really think you're able to do this, Sam?  You certainly don't have to."
love it though. Now if I just had a boss who wasn't awful..."
The club was filling up faster now, and Dean put on some background music as they waited for the party to start.
to be mistaken.  Whatever the reason, he felt horrible that he even had to put Dean in this awkward position.  He bit his bottom lip and turned his head, briefly wondering if he would ever be able to look him in the eyes again.
"Anytime."  Dean took Cas's hand and pulled him a few steps back as he dug out his phone again. "Sorry," he whispered.
"Hey!  I've done
"Alright," Cas agreed, knowing full-well that when Gabe was in his protective big brother mode, there was no use resisting.  Somewhat reluctantly, he followed him up the stairs.
"Whaaat? So I'm a little kinky sometimes," Dean laughed.  "I know you're pretty innocent and all, but you can't tell me you don't have kinky fantasies?"
Dean took a deep breath and slowly let his body go slack as Cas paused so that he could get used to the new sensation.
"What's wrong, sweetheart?  I'm just wiping you off," Dean said innocently.
"So, where's he at anyway? What's he doing tonight?"
"Good.  Let's dry off." Dean took his hand and led him out of the shower.  He grabbed a thick, fluffy towel and worked it over every inch of Cas's body before drying himself, and then swiftly wrapped a towel around each of their waists. Finally, after peeking out the door to avoid Sam, he grabbed Cas's wrist and ushered him into his bedroom.
"Yeah, yeah. But stop picking on the poor guy and let him wake up," Sam laughed. "Jesus, Cas. You put up with him?"
want to go," Dean reminded him, "you can be in my booth with me, so you won't have to get too up close and personal with the crowd.  But really, don't push yourself.  If you don't feel comfortable, it's okay.  I understand. This scene is not for everybody, anxiety or not."
"Fuck!  Ew!  Thanks for
Cas grinned, touching a hand to his face. "I have so much to learn..."
Dean continued. "Once we break, you can't move the white ball. You have to play it from wherever it is. So, come over here," he motioned. "Now remember what I did? Take the stick and hit the white ball into that one," he pointed. "You want the ten ball to go into the pocket, so hit this one dead-on."
guilty when I finally ravish you."
"How can we make a catapult?"
Cas groaned and rolled his eyes.  "You did
"Suuuure," Cas shrugged.
"You did?" Cas blurted.  "I mean... um." Spontaneous plans were not Cas's forte.  He was a creature of habit, and anything that interfered with his schedule made him feel overwhelmed. He also didn't feel like leaving the house today.  At all.  Still,
"Restaurants are usually okay... Big crowds like at concerts are really hard for me.  But honestly, I have the most trouble with one-on-one interactions.  I'm okay at work for the most part, but that's mostly because I'm just answering questions.  It's when I have to interact on a personal level with people that I have a hard time... Oh god, why am I telling you this?" he blurted awkwardly.
"I... I don't know," Cas lied.
Cas had no idea what he was getting at, but he nodded, completely mesmerized as he watched Dean slowly coming apart.
Dean grinned, almost as if in relief. "Okay.  And I promise I won't ask you to come near me again."
"What do you mean?"
"Fuck!  Fuck, Cas!   I told you he'd find out!" he yelled as he began pacing back and forth.   "Oh god, this was a horrible idea.  It's ridiculous!  A grown-ass man watching cartoons and playing with toys? What the hell am I thinking?  Oh fuck..."
beautiful..."
-big, but he's a hot up-and-coming, yeah.  Pretty well-known in New York, anyway.  I've been to some of his parties.  He's really good.  Shit, Cassie, when you said he was a DJ I thought it was some kid playing songs on his laptop for bar mitzvahs.  And you're right -  I suppose if you're into that sort of thing he's a good-looking guy.  You think Anna was bad, you should
When he pulled up to the house, the plows had gone by, shoving another foot of snowy ice chunks at the end of the driveway.  He was still too damn angry to get out and shovel again, so he crossed his fingers and drove over the pile, thankfully making it without getting stuck.  The drive home had been horrendous, and he was shaking with nervous energy by the time he got out of the car. He stormed into the house and slammed the door, kicking his shoes halfway across the entryway.
"Cas..." Dean protested as he pulled away.
Cas just smiled and leaned forward to kiss the top of his head.  "It's okay," he whispered. "Good boy.  You're allowed talk to Sammy, you know."
Cas smiled. "You're sweet. You were
Cas nodded.  "Perfect," he echoed as Dean glanced away, trying to hide his self-satisfied smile.
"Cas... look, I love you, alright?  And I need you around.  If you feel like you need this," he paused, not believing what he was about to say.  "Maybe we can figure something out."
"Oh.  Right.  Yeah, you really did," Cas said, ducking his head as Dean nudged him, shaking his head in amusement at how jumpy he was.  "Can we do anything?"
"Now take the detergent and pour some into the cap.  There you go.  Now dump that in.  Turn this knob," he said, turning the knob for a full wash, "and pull."  The washing machine whirred to life and began filling with water and Cas jumped at the noise.  "That's it.  Now we'll come back when it's done, and I'll show you what to do with the dryer."
Cas smiled as he watched Dean subconsciously bite the head off of each dinosaur before eating their bodies.  Despite his slight awkwardness,  he could tell he was relaxing a bit overall. He really hoped he could overcome his trepidation,  because he could see already how much Dean needed this break from reality.
"Shhh. You okay?" Dean whispered, leaning forward and covering Cas's body with his own, threading their fingers together as Cas gripped the sheets.
"You still have pants on," Dean grinned. "You'd be
"Because your brother has more father issues than anyone I've ever seen, Sam!  He never had a childhood.  He's been raising you from the time you were born.  This has been so therapeutic for him.  It's helping him heal.  You said yourself you've noticed the changes in him, right?"
"Okay. Well if you change your mind or if you have any questions, just let me know."
"But Cas," he pleaded, shooting him a wicked grin.  "My penis is
"Good.  I want to see you back in two weeks, but you can call if you have any issues or concerns.  We still have some time.  Anything you want to talk about?"
"Does Sammy want anything? " Dean asked, obediently sitting still as Cas secured his belt.
"What?"
Cas nodded shyly.
Cas sniffled, and dropped the boxer briefs then climbed into bed again.  "Dean, you don't have to..."
Dean slyly grinned in triumph, but he quickly sobered.  "Lock the door."
"No problem.  See ya in a bit."
.  It's a long story.  I'll tell you later."
Dean pressed a hand to his face in frustration.   "Cas, the furnace isn't going to..." He glanced at the panicked look on Cas's face and sighed.   "Alright, Scoot over.  And remind me not to get you drunk again."
"So I'm a flirt.  Sue me.  It doesn't
Cas nodded, wide-eyed and breathless.
"You're lucky I started these last night," Gabriel grinned  "Sit."
Raising his glass in tandem, Cas gave him a sloppy, gummy smile.   "Thank you," he said softly, feeling himself relaxing.  "How is it?" he asked, motioning to Dean's glass.
"Twelve and a half and ten," a voice interrupted, and they both looked up to see the concierge holding up two pair of skates. "Do you want some help lacing them up? My name is Trevor, by the way. I'm sorry, I think I forgot to introduce myself."
Questioningly, Dean picked up the grey tee to reveal the giant bottle of lube and immediately burst out laughing.  "Oh my god sweetheart, are you stocking up for the apocalypse or a really big orgy?"
Without a thought, Dean rushed to his closet, throwing on his knit shorts and a t-shirt with a cartoon kitty on it.  He'd never wear that damn cat shirt out of the bedroom, but it felt okay for littletime.
"It's not your fault," his muffled voice choked.
"Don't be shitty," Gabe rolled his eyes.  Gabriel was an extremely patient man, but Cas could be a bit of an ass when he wanted to be left alone.  Fortunately, Gabe could take it just as well as he could dish it back.  "
"I can tell," Dean laughed.
"Wait, what?  Can you touch
"Hmm," Dean gave him a self-satisfied smirk. "Well, you're in for a treat." He opened his car door slightly to give himself more room to move, and before Cas could blink, Dean's warm mouth was wrapped around him.
"Uh, yeah a little," Dean said.
"Hi," Cas smiled shyly as Dean pulled him close and kissed him on the cheek. In front of them stood a tall, lanky man with Dean's green eyes and dark, shoulder-length brown hair.
"So what if you're twenty-five?  Who cares how old you are?"
"No, no, no," Dean insisted, pulling him back down at his side.  "It's okay.  Are you alright?"
Dean did his best to bite back the laugh that burbled up in his throat.  "Are you suggesting that I'm going to take you right here, right now?"
... but he would.  He hurriedly cleaned himself up and got dressed, and shoved an emergency Ativan in his pill holder keychain, just in case.  As a last-minute thought, he spritzed himself with a little of that cologne Dean had liked so much, because... Well, he wasn't sure why exactly.  How could he be both anxious about being touched and practically begging for it at the same time?
remember feeling this relaxed and yet somehow
"You're
like for him to eventually be less paranoid around the bunker."  He paused for a moment, and Sam's face contorted in anticipation of what he was about to ask. "We try to be careful, but if you were to see us downstairs once in a while, say in the living room, would it make you uncomfortable?"
Dean knew that gaping jaw and the dazed look in his eyes meant one thing.
He shot her his best smirk and gently shoved her back against the car door, then grabbed her ankles and straightened her legs as she giggled.
"Really? I um. Uh. I was trying to find something to wear tomorrow night," he stammered shyly.
Dean just shook his head and chuckled warmly as he pulled the van up to a valet.  "You really don't like surprises, do you?" he asked as he handed some cash out the window to the man in the parking booth.  He pulled the van forward and put it in 'park'. "C'mon," he said, head motioning to his door.  Cas took a deep breath and climbed out, and Dean met him around the back of the vehicle as he handed the keys to the valet.
"Hey, I was cheering for you at first. Of course, by round three I was over it... But seriously, Cassie.
"Well we're going to try not to let that happen.  How sweet are you, offering to give little Sammy your McDonald's, anyway?"  Cas leaned in to gently nuzzle at his neck.
"It's okay. You can go back to sleep."
"'Bout damn time," he grumbled. "Don't worry, I cleaned the guns and got everything packed up myself."  He walked around to the trunk and threw the bags in, then climbed into the passenger's seat.
"Yeah.  Most of them are live sets.  I have an album in the works... Tentatively.  You'll see it if you scroll down.  But it's pretty rough right now.  It's not finished."
"Oh my god," Cas yelped, throwing down the box.
"I'm so sorry, Cas," he muttered, casually wiping a stray tear away from Cas's cheek.   "This is all my fault."  The lock he was picking suddenly clicked and the first cuff sprung open, freeing Cas's right arm from the headboard.   "Bingo.  Alright, just one more..."  He crawled over Cas as best he could, opening the other cuff and Cas bolted up, rubbing gently at the purple bruises encircling his wrists.
"A little bit," Dean grinned. "Once you're rested up and feeling better, I'm going to demand a private show."
Dean laughed.  "It's a surprise. I promise you'll like it though."
"I don't know.  I just got really, really anxious.  But I was fine. Just a bit mortified."
Dean felt his pulse and his breathing quicken as he realized what was about to happen.  Cas was looking at him like he was about to devour him, and he had a brief second of panic as he realized there was no turning back if this happened.  Their friendship would be forever changed and...
Cas shrugged.  "Sure."
was adorable.  He was giddy, talking almost non-stop now, and ever-so-slightly slurring his speech.
Dean nodded sheepishly.
think it was weird at first, but I kinda get it now. I mean, with Dean,  there's a reason he needs this.  And if reverting to his childhood every so often helps... I guess it's not so weird."
"Y-yes," Cas hissed.  His entire body was on fire, flushed with embarrassment and... something else.    He wasn't sure why just talking about Dean touching him made him so shy and... oh god, he was
"You mean we can't eat them until tomorrow?" Dean mock-grumbled. "Why must you
Dean shrugged and grinned. "Well to be fair, the collar is new. And it's not for dogs, it's a
want more than anything else in the world?' And honestly, it didn't take a genius to figure it out. The way you two look at each other is so disgustingly obvious..." he shuddered.
"Hey," Dean greeted him with a wide smile, his impossibly green eyes sparkling with excitement.  "You ready?"
"That's it," Dean praised. "Give yourself to me and I'll take such good care of you, baby. " He tenderly stroked Cas's hair.  "You're so perfect," he breathed.
a little scary," he admitted. "I panicked and tried to vomit, but I couldn't. But then I started feeling
"Hold on." Dean rolled back over and rifled through the nightstand drawer. "You didn't even see the best part yet," he murmured. He held up a little silver charm, which he clipped to the front loop on the collar.
"That's good, Dean," Cas hushed.  He slowly began moving his finger in and out, and Dean was surprised that it wasn't as bad as he had anticipated.  He continued until he could feel Dean's body start to respond to his touch.  "Now how does this feel?"  He crooked his finger and began gentle little caresses inside of him, at a little spot Dean could only assume was his prostate.
"I've never actually been to New York," he murmured quietly as the buildings
"Jesus," he murmured to himself, dabbing his sweaty brow with some scratchy brown paper towels. He closed his eyes and took a few deep breaths, willing his heart rate to slow, while simultaneously muttering and chastising himself for being such a freakin' baby.
Dean just shrugged and grinned.
"Whaaat?" Dean grinned. "I can't give my baby a little praise when he's been a good boy?"
"That's what I said," a voice behind him grumbled.
He slipped a seafoam green leather collar around his neck, one he'd had specially made because it matched Dean's eyes. The bone-shaped tag dangling from it was blank for now, but he'd have 'Zeppelin' engraved on it later.
"You don't really like being touched, do you?" Dean suddenly blurted.  "I... I'm sorry.  I mean, it's okay.  It's just something I should know."
"You like being told that you're good... Maybe because you feel guilty and need that validation."
Cas nodded.  "For a while I just felt numb, but I'm starting to feel a bit more, anyway.  Although two nights ago, I just felt overwhelmingly sad.  I don't know why, I was just miserable."
This time when Cas stretched forward to reach, Dean just let their bodies press together, leaning into him even more as they took their shot. Cas was practically pressed into the table and his breath caught in his throat as Dean's lips 'accidentally' brushed against his temple.
He glanced back at the TV, but he just couldn't focus with all of the guilt and worry in his head. It was all his fault... well, him and
"I... I don't know.  I rubbed it and it felt good at first.  But the more I rubbed, the more it started to hurt.  In a different way. But I just wanted it to go away so I kept..."  his voice was getting frantic and on the verge of crying again.
it until Cas made that submissive little whimper that made his soaking pants way too damn tight. He pulled back abruptly, realizing he needed to calm down.
"Oh my god," Cas gushed.  "This is
"I love you."
"What do you think we should do about that?"
"Y-yes. You're so cruel," Cas laughed softly.
. But you should know by now that I'm not going to force you into anything you're not comfortable with."
to know that these walls are thin, and you're fucking loud when you have sex."
Cas just smiled and led him into the kitchen.
"Thanks, Gabe."
Instead of incriminating the both of them, he turned his attention to his second love, eyeing up the impossibly thick slice of blueberry pie in front of him. It had been a while since he'd had a good slice, and his mouth was watering just looking at it.  He picked up his fork and shoveled a big bite into his mouth.
"Morning, baby." Dean's sleepy voice greeted him, along with a gentle kiss to the side of his neck. "What are you doing awake already?"
"Hey, Gabe," he said casually as he opened the refrigerator and placed his pie on the top shelf. "We're here. Can I do anything?"
"Fuck," he sighed.  "I give up. Welcome to the family, you bastard.  I have to go get us some dessert or something.  Someone's chopping onions in here..." He stood abruptly and headed back to the kitchen.
"Good boy," Dean crooned again.  "Now stay still for me." He removed his towel and tossed it behind him, and he hummed softly as he stroked Cas's cheek.  "Holy shit, I never thought I'd see this..." he mused quietly, gripping himself as he raised Cas's trembling chin.  "Open."
Dee nodded.  "Okay," he said uncertainly.
"Cas?"  Dean flopped down on his bed, not even bothering to slip into his clothes before calling out for his trenchcoat-clad safety blanket.
Cas Novak hated days like today.  From the moment he woke up, everything that could possibly go wrong did.  His alarm didn't go off so he overslept.  When he wandered into the living room, he somehow managed to stub his toe on the coffee table, taking off half his toenail in the process.  While ironing his pants, he burned his hand.  He dribbled toothpaste on his only clean shirt, and now, he had spilled hot coffee on his lap and didn't have time to turn around and change.  He fanned his pants away from his leg as best he could, and pulled the car over to the side of the road, dabbing at his leg with a pile of napkins.
"No," Cas protested.  "I can't sleep because I have an erection.   It feels funny."
"Enjoy your night, baby," Ryan winked, turning on his heel and sauntering out of the bathroom.
Dean slipped out of bed and headed off down the hallway to the bathroom, returning seconds later with a warm cloth and some clean boxer shorts.
"Yeah," Cas agreed. "Oh, I have to grab something from my house first too."
"Yes, sweetheart.  Get some rest."
"You did?"
Cas gave him a sly smile and backed up to remove his own clothing before kneeling on the bed next to him.
Cas's posture suddenly softened, and his eyes welled up a little.  He'd nearly forgotten that Dean had been making sacrifices for his brother from such an early age.
"You have someone who can pick up your car later?" Dean asked nonchalantly.
"And after that, maybe I'll find some angel-proof cuffs and have my way with you again..."
"Alright, so I'm a kinky, kinky perv!" Dean admitted. "You love it."
"Feel good?" he teased.
Cas nodded his head frantically as he panted, red-faced and gagging around Dean's fingers.
"I'm just messing with you!" Gabriel howled with laughter, but he quickly sobered. "But on a serious note, if you hurt him in any way, I will hurt you in ways you never thought possible."
Cas took another shaky breath.  "I guess I haven't mentioned... My parents were super religious.  Almost fanatically so.  Dad was an Evangelical preacher, mom the typical preacher's wife.  Hell, they named my brother and me after archangels," he chuckled.
Gabriel nodded. "Why are you so emotional today?  Is it 'good' emotional at least?"
Cas was still seeing improvement in Dean on a daily basis, but some days were more difficult than others.  Dean's penchant for getting lost in subspace meant that he had to be extra vigilant - no playtime on hunt days, and no triggers around the house that might set him off.  Toys and treats were hidden for designated littletime only, which Dean seemed to need about twice a week.
The Impala was parked at the dark end of the parking lot, a single streetlight barely illuminating the opened back door as Cas hurried toward it.
"What should we watch pup?" he hummed, flipping through the channels.
"Fuck! Dean! Ohmygod! Ohmygod!"
"Um?"
"Up you go," Cas suddenly said, scooping him up in his arms and then lowering him into the bath.  "Good boy."
"For what?"
"Well," Cas said slowly,  "We don't have any cereal up here.   We'll have to go downstairs if you want cereal.  Is that okay?"
They returned to their companionable silence as the familiar theme song started again and Cas lay down, tucking a pillow under his head.  "Hey Gabe..." he asked hesitantly.  "Do you think it's even
"Tighty-whiteys?  Are you fucking kidding me?" he muttered as he picked up the underwear.  He held them up, making a face.  Well, he certainly he hadn't worn regular briefs since he was a child, and frankly he wasn't looking forward to it.  Still, he slipped off his pants and pulled the underwear up his legs, huffing and adjusting himself as he looked in the mirror.  The green knit basketball shorts were last, and he was happy to have at least one somewhat normal piece of clothing on.  He gave himself a final once-over, took a deep breath, then opened the door.
Cas sat awkwardly on the edge of the bed with his glass in hand.
"Oh! Yes. I-I'm fine. Thank you."
Cas lay there silently, feeling that warm, red flush creeping over his body again.  That was ridiculous.  Dean
Cas hurried down the stairs to the garage to find Dean sitting in the back seat, scooting his toy car along the headrest.  He couldn't help but chuckle.  Sometimes it was hard to believe that this was the same person... then again, maybe not.  Dean was still a bit childlike at heart.
Cas's tongue flicked over the head again, then he sucked, drawing another shivering moan out of Dean's mouth. He let his hands wander as he licked at him, massaging his hips and inner thighs before working a hand between his legs and fondling his balls.
"Thanks, Cassie."
"W-what?  I um... Well...  Not exactly... It's not that I don't
Cas tried, but he couldn't hide the smile this time. "Oh, " he squeaked. "That would be..." he stopped abruptly as he looked up to see Gabriel grinning like a lunatic.  He cleared his throat and pulled his blanket up over his head, and Gabe took the hint to leave the room for a few minutes.  "That would be nice," he finished quietly.
Tissue paper began flying as Dean dug into the package, and he simpered at the big brown teddy bear he found inside.
Dean covered his mouth as he laughed, nearly choking on the cookie he'd just bit into. "Whoa. Sassy Cas is my new favorite thing," he chortled as he swallowed. "Maybe Gabe was right about you being a smartass!"
"Okay."
"Good boy," Cas whispered, planting a gentle kiss on the top of his head.
"O-okay," Cas nodded bravely.
.  He didn't do well with big crowds, and having to stand in line didn't bode well.
He stood there staring at the phone for a minute, not quite sure what had just happened.  "Guess I'm going out," he muttered, a perfect mix of dread and excitement gnawing at his stomach.
He picked up his phone again and scrolled down to Cas's number, then hit the 'talk' button.
Dean smirked.  "Well like I said the first night I put the collar on you, you will be my obedient little pet.  If my memory serves me correctly, you
"Here.  You take the front this time," Cas suggested.  He climbed in behind Dean and held on tightly as the sled hurtled down the hill once again.  All at once, the toboggan hit a bump and skidded sideways, dumping them on their side as Cas squealed with laughter.
Dean chuckled and wrapped an arm around his shoulder.  "Well, I have some sponsors who give me tickets to things once in a while.  I didn't plan on making it to this one, but since I got to your place early, I thought we'd try to go together."
Cas would be fine; he knew that.  It wasn't an emergency, and he said he'd probably spend the day at Gabe's place, so at least he wouldn't be alone.  Still, he felt awful for leaving, and it didn't really put him in a 'party' mood.
Dean sighed and shuffled off to the bathroom.  He sighed again as he picked up the clothing on the counter. Well, it looked comfy enough, anyway, he supposed.  He stripped off his shirt and pulled on the bright blue t-shirt, groaning as he looked in the mirror at the cutesy panda and fox hugging on his chest.
"It's weird," Cas pondered. "I always thought it would make me feel slow and out of it, but I think I actually feel sharper."
Dean nodded.  "I knew I liked you for a reason.  Where should we eat?"
Dr. Mitchell smiled.  "I'm happy for you.  We've talked about your intimacy issues before, and how you don't like people touching you.  Are you having any anxiety about that you'd like to talk through?"
Tom shut off the phone and left it on the nightstand next to him. "Okay. Have fun, I guess," he shrugged and walked out of the room. "Damn boss has lost his fucking mind," he mumbled to himself as he closed the door behind him.
Cas pulled away and shook his head. "Nah. I want you to come with me."
Dean's head suddenly popped in from beyond the shower curtain. "What are you..." he paused as Cas struggled to stand, frowning in concern as he glimpsed his red nose and tear-stained cheeks.  "Cas?  What's wrong?"
"Fuck, Scout," he murmured, crashing down on his bed.  "I am so damn naïve."  He arranged his pillows and picked up the book next to his bed, opening it to his bookmark.  Part of him knew he should be reading the book Dr. Mitchell gave him, but he was a little overwhelmed after Gabe's 'gift', so instead, he decided to indulge in some fluff reading.  "Come on," he said softly, patting the bed next to him.  Scout took her time strolling over to him, then kneaded the bed a few times before curling up at his side, and he gently ruffled her fur.  He closed his eyes for a second and took a deep breath before picking up the book again.
was interesting."
Cas's words hung thick and heavy in the air between them for a moment as Dean's mouth fell open in stunned indignation. They stood there staring angrily at each other, the tension in the room growing more and more palpable until Dean finally couldn't stand it any longer.
"I guess."
Breathlessly, Cas nodded again.
"Nah, just feelin' sorry for myself. No big deal. "
"Are you sure? For a minute there I thought you were gonna pass out," Dean teased.
"Sam?" he yelled suddenly. "Thanks for taking care of Dean.  He loves you
"Gabe!"
"You're not bad at anything. You're just new to it. And you're doing fine. When I came in here and saw you sleeping in just your boxers, I was
"I don't know what the hell
it was starting to look more like a dance club, and his anxiety was kicking into high gear. People were starting to make their way into the club, and within minutes, a small group of women had swarmed the stage, all clamoring for Dean's attention.
"Of course not."
"Nothing," Cas said, quickly shaking his head vehemently.   "I'm fine."  Just his luck, his voice cracked as he spoke and his eyes welled up again. He turned away quickly,  hoping Dean wouldn't notice.
"The way you've been staring at me all night when you thought I wasn't looking...  The way you shivered when I brushed against your knee at dinner?"
was ridiculous.  He could never... But the thought that Dean would even
"Mmmhmm," Dean nodded.  He could barely keep his eyes open, but he sighed contentedly as Cas's lips gently brushed against his forehead.
Dean nodded uncertainly, though his dick was clearly into it.  Sure, he'd fooled around with a guy a time or two, but this was
"I know!" Dean blurted.  "I'm aware.   But I don't think putting on a diaper is gonna help me.   It's creepy."
every so often, I like being controlled too."
"God, that's strict. How did you survive puberty?" he asked wryly.
Sam just rolled his eyes. "You excited about going out tonight, Cas?"
"Hmm?"
"Yeah, those weren't screams of fear, that's for sure," Gabriel snorted.
"I saw him play in Cleveland a few months back.  He's so good live," Dean said pensively.  "Have you seen him play?"
Cas slumped down into the plush tan couch and sighed.  "Well, my anxiety has progressively been getting worse over the last few months.  And now I'm starting to feel depressed again.  I was doing okay for a while..."
in front of you."
"You did everything I told you to," Dean said softly, as he pulled Cas into his arms.   "Just like we talked about.  You were perfect.  And we're done playing for now, so relax and let me take care of you."  He lurched forward, rolling Cas onto his back and peppering his face and neck with kisses.
"Yes," Cas rasped.
Cas swallowed hard. "But I... I'm not that bold, Dean."
He didn't mean to stare, but he just couldn't stop stealing glances.  Dean looked so small and vulnerable when he was in this state of mind.  Part of him wondered if his brother had ever done this with Mom. He could just picture little Dean, curled up next to her on the couch, watching cartoons as she stroked his hair.  Another wave of sadness overcame him as he thought about it - not only for Dean, but also for himself.
Cas covered his face, still laughing.  "I know!  Gabe bought it."
By the time Sam and Gabe returned with dessert, Cas was cuddled up under Dean's arm like nothing had ever happened.
"Oh," Dean laughed.  "Right. Sorry.  I know you were thinking about it though.  You might be a little nervous, but you like when I touch you, don't you?" he purred.
"I have no idea.  Probably something Italian.  He usually does some sort of pasta when he has company.  He makes his own sauce, and it cooks all day, so the whole place smells amazing."
Cas huffed stubbornly.  "Do you have Nutella?"
"Hey, hey, hey," he rasped, wrapping his arms around him.  "You're okay.  Everything's gonna be fine."
"What?" Cas asked, laughing.  "Why?"
"D-Dean," he stuttered. "Not here."
"Oh. It's not a big deal, Dean."
Sam was in his usual spot in the library, tapping away at his laptop when they finally came fumbling down the stairs. He glanced up and stared for a moment, cautiously deciding if he would be dealing with Dean or Dee before speaking.
They set to work, cursing and grunting the entire time, and nearly an hour later, they had the driveway cleared enough to get their cars out.
-gorgeous.  So far out of my league, it's not even funny."
nice," he said, nodding his approval.  "I would drink this almost any time.  I never even heard of a... What did you call this?".
"I think I'm adorable. "
"That's it. Nice, deep breaths," he whispered, sitting down next to him and holding him close to his chest. "I've got you, Cas. I've got you."
With a final glance in the mirror, he shrugged doubtfully.  He cleaned up okay, he supposed, but he felt like such a nerd.  Dean always had an effortlessly cool, put-together, edgy look.  He always looked like he'd stepped out of the pages of some trendy fashion magazine.  Cas was the type that wore boring sweaters and khakis and sensible shoes.  He sighed and picked up his phone.  Gabriel had been checking on him a lot the last few days, so he figured he'd better text him lest he panic if he came downstairs:
Dean glanced away and anxiously rubbed the back of his neck. "Fuck, that's a loaded question, Cas."
acting nervous for a moment.
Cas hissed in pleasure and pulled him as close as possible, writhing and moaning as Dean rubbed against him. He was so delirious with need, feeling a bit weepy and overstimulated in the best possible way. Every time Dean kissed or licked or nibbled at him, he shivered at how sensitive his skin had become. The music was still playing, and it still felt as if it were coming from inside him somehow, coursing through his veins, syncing with his heartbeat. His body was so warm and tingly, especially with Dean on top of him, and though he was horny, it was more about the closeness and emotional connection than getting off.
Dean began chuckling softly, ever last bit of his stern demeanor crumbling.  "Shhh, don't worry about it."  Slowly, he pulled out as Cas groaned again and he pulled him to his feet.
"You will be. When you're ready. Don't worry about it right now," he said, pulling Cas in a little tighter. "Right now, you should just kiss me."
"Oh! Jesus, Cas," Dean murmured. "Where did
"Oh yeah?  Well, no dessert tonight until you finish your homework," Gabe teased.
"Okay."
Cas's head jerked forward and his jaw dropped as he frantically dug his hands into the sheets.
emergency?"
.   I know that's stupid.  I don't
"Bye, Dean," he said faintly, slamming the door behind him and hurrying toward his house.
Dean laughed. "Yeah, most people think I just work one night a week, but there's a lot that goes into those sets.  I do a lot of stuff spur-of-the-moment too, of course, but you've gotta test things, see what works.  And I don't recycle too much. Gotta keep it fresh every week, work with whatever is hot on the dance charts, et cetera.  At least I can pretty much set my own hours, you know?"
"I'm still managing to do those things," Cas said.  "It's not as bad as last time.  It's just that they're getting harder to do," he sighed.
"Ugh,"  Dean groaned.  "I
"Some guy. In the bathroom," Cas answered, clinging even tighter.  "He caught me off guard. I didn't mean to swallow it, Dean! But right now, I'm kind of glad I did. Do you know I just walked right through the crowd? Right through the middle! And I feel like I can talk to anyone!" he exclaimed. "It's so weird!"
Dean glanced down at the food in front of him and grimaced - Dinosaur-shaped chicken nuggets and tater tots. He always wanted those dino nuggets as a kid, but Dad would never buy them.
"A puppy?  You want me to act like a
Dean snorted at the angel's obvious disgust.
"Because," Dean smiled.  "You
"Hmmm?"  Cas sleepily opened his eyes and looked up at him. "What?"
Cas didn't
, Dean!" he fumbled.
"Okay," he said, resting his head on Cas's shoulder and snuggling into his side. Tentatively, he inched his fingers up under the hem of Cas's shirt as he studied his face.
Dean smiled and rolled his eyes.  "Didn't want to leave.  You were way too cute and smart and interesting. Plus, I
"Give me your hand," Dean commanded. "Can you stand with your feet shoulder-width apart?"
He was giggling for no good reason as he danced, hyper-aware of his own body, but also of those around him.  Anxiety had always made him feel self-conscious, but this was totally different. He was
"Shhh."  Cas continued.  "This chiseled jawline...   The way you get that sexy five o'clock shadow even when you've just shaved..."  He hooked a leg over Dean's hips and settled on top on him, kissing each place as he spoke.  "These sharp cheekbones... And these strong, broad shoulders..."
"Both," Dean replied curtly.
. Then Dean took me home and made me lie down for a while until it passed. I was fine, really. But I crashed really hard the next day... and the next few days, to be honest. I was pissy and depressed and I just felt like shit. Don't worry, Dean mother-henned me to eat and take my meds. He's as bad as you."
Cas groaned.
"Hmm," Dean nodded uncertainly, staring at him for a long moment.  "What would you do if I kissed you right now, Cas?" he asked in a raspy voice.
"Good news.  She just left for the day!"
"Then I'll take you to one of my favorite brunch places," Dean continued, "and after that, I have to do some work unfortunately, but you can come over and keep me company, if you'd like."
Dean reached for his plate, still trying to stifle a grin. He couldn't look at Cas's blushing face just yet lest he burst out laughing. "Thank you," he managed weakly.
Dean shrugged and nodded.  "I guess we could try. I have to admit, all the petting was nice.  It was really relaxing. Made me want to pounce you after a while though."
stuck with me a bit longer, Cas."
Dean suddenly felt his cheeks burning.   Jesus, he was getting way too excited about stupid toy cars. Okay, if he was being completely honest with himself, he had always wanted to collect the damn things.  He didn't have many toys as a kid - Dad had insisted that too many material possessions weren't practical on the road -  but that didn't mean he never wanted any. Maybe he was a lot more fucked up than he thought he was.
"I know," Dean soothed.  "I can tell.  You're trying so hard.  I'm really proud of you.  We'll keep working on it together, alright?"
"Dean!" Cas giggled.
"Never had a dick in your mouth before?" Dean asked.  "You'll figure it out.  Lick and suck.  Watch the teeth," he said firmly, just before grabbing a fistful of Cas's hair and pulling him forward.
Cas giggled nervously.  "What are you trying to do to me right now?"
"I don't know. This whole relationship thing has been really good for you. You've come out of your shell so much. Even when you were feeling good before, you were still scared to try new things."
Dean snorted with laughter.  "Aw, I thought he was kind of sweet..." He paused as Cas shot him a dirty look. "And he sent me home with pie, so he's not
Cas sighed and pulled back, grabbing Dean by the chin and forcing him to look at him. "Dean," he said firmly. " I'm ready
Cas looked up at him, wide-eyed and awestruck. It hurt a
Cas lay there quietly until he heard the door close and footsteps on the stairs.  "That was awkward," he squeaked.
okay.  On a short leash with a cock in his mouth, he let Cas have complete control. Every worry in his head was forgotten as he reveled in the temporary reprieve, and his body now fully relaxed, a feeling he'd only ever experienced through total submission. He knew Cas didn't completely understand why this was so cathartic for him, but it didn't matter; he'd let him float there blissfully for hours if that's what Dean needed.
Dean nodded.
about it gave him so much anxiety, it wasn't worth the hassle.  Still, he couldn't shake those few moments of calm he'd had with Dean, and the surprising comfort of human touch.  He
(See the end of the chapter for
"What?" Cas tried to say, but it fell on deaf ears.
"I'm sorry!"  He was silent for a few moments as he started the car and turned it onto the main road.  "You and Dean still haven't...?"
"Dean!" Cas growled.
"Yeah, we should head out.  I've got to be there early for soundcheck."
with people."
what I do.  I love the library.  She just makes life so damn miserable!"
"What?"
he reminded himself.
Mexican."
Cas shifted uncomfortably from his spot on the floor.  "No, I... Just..."  He sighted heavily.  "Don't promise that either. Please?"
"Oh! Uh. Yes!" Cas grinned sheepishly and pressed two fingers to his forehead, leaving them both clean and dry. He made sure to clean up the backseat as well, since he knew Dean's thoughts about dirtying his car.
to understand. I don't always know what I'm doing either, but I try."
"Hey," Dean announced as he entered the room. "Gabriel, this is my brother, Sam."
Dean watched him for a moment, intently trying to read Cas's mind. "Cas? Sweetheart?  You can do whatever you want. But don't feel like you have to. I'm fine, really."
Cas groaned and covered his face with his hand. "No.  No, I liked it. I'm surprised at how much I liked it, actually. I just..." he sighed. "I don't know what happened."
