“I know we essentially co-lead the Avengers without notable hierarchies, but this is another instance where you’re taking credit just by looking pretty, buff and blonde.” It’s said with a humored squint and pinch to Steve’s skin, until Tony lapses into the comfort of steady shoulders as they watch the holographic stars above. “… But just so we’re clear, I definitely plucked a thing or two from the Captain America subreddits to help with the psychoanalysis. Remember to thank Sam when we get him back, because he is one hell of a virtual defender for your honor.’’
Lips a ruby red and eyes steady as the day he met her, something in him
. Mm-kay? We’re talking about
moving on… some past regret manifested itself in one way or another, and I tried to hold onto what little there was only to fail.”
“Lousy excuse. Pep, look at this Clark Kent disaster.”
“Era-specific values,” he manages, gentler than he has ever allowed himself or dared to be, and
“He’s alive for now, Steve.” Now, Pepper’s voice had been humourless as it was back then as she gave another stroke to tousled brown hair. ‘’That may not last; nothing does.” There’s a recognizable fatigue to her gaze when she looks at him, an unspoken little reminder to both of them, and somewhere in Pepper's pensiveness he knows she was the most prepared out of all of them. He’s grateful enough that it almost outweighs the enormity of his guilt-- she was there in all the ways he aches to be able to do, and it’s high time he snapped out of
Thor slaps an eager hand in, and maybe that’s what stirs Bruce from his misery when the Nordic god gives his nod in reassurance—he joins the fray too, and they wait on Clint, who’s still shakily breathing in consideration—
“Maybe we will.” They look to Steve, and he doesn’t bother hiding stormy eyes still brimming with tears anymore; but what’s there isn’t just
Doctor Strange watches Tony a little too closely throughout the span of everything. Steve isn’t jealous, he’s just aware since their conversation at the lakehouse.
-krawst, -krost ]
“Nice try, you can either swipe right on my old Tinder profile and wait for a response or ask Pepper.”
, Tony, I just—”
“See. I can’t, in my good conscience as an ex-colleague watch you walk into the crossfire of war and beyond in something flimsy enough to bruise you all over, super soldier regeneration or not—”
“Stop stealing my thunder, Stark, this is something that’ll go down in all of history.”
“I don’t know.” He doesn’t mention how a world without Tony Stark would be a duller, more fragile place, knows that it has demanded too much of the Red Avenger as it is. “But that’s why we’re here. You don’t have to shoulder it all on your own.”
the post-mortem team.”
EXAMPLES|WORD ORIGIN
Tony’s smugness stops mid-rebuttal. “Excuse me?”
“Pot calling the kettle black there, Tony, you’ve got more Red Bull and coffee in your veins than blood.”
Steve’s blinks away the tears from his vision in the privacy of Peggy’s office when he whispers the last of his love, turns down the photo-frame of himself on her desk and wishes her the happiness he knows she will have.
“Didn’t plan to, Tony. You just look like you have a lot on your mind.”
go talk to him?”
"Gotta fight for this life,” Tony supplies, misty-eyed but supportive with this development when his fingers are the first to join Steve’s. “You heard the captain; whatever it takes.”
It’s not like he’s one to play into personal biases too obviously, but his eyes seek out someone else’s in particular and he doesn’t try to silence the knowing snorts that come from Natasha. A little promise to hold onto those words, spurred by the honeymoon touch of it all that blooms in his chest even as they prepare for the worst.
you.’’ So many nights he’s concluded that it would have been nice to just
He had accepted that death so quickly, accepted that his world will be sepia, earth and the occasional blue all over again with no same shade of vivid red to grace the canvases he paints in ridiculous pining.
Both women chink their wine glasses in the name of the game. Morgan mirrors this with her Sailor Moon mug and receives kisses from both of them amidst warm laughter.
thwarted or opposed by the stars; ill-fated
because he wasn’t ready to breach the topic—twists his insides so intensely that he has to speak to take attention away from it. ‘’I don’t know how I can make it right again, Pepper; if I ever will.”
“Be careful. Look out for each other.”
were soldiers, expendable like toys ready to be tossed once their time was up. And still he tried in the best of his capacity, which showed in the way his face was marred by prices paid in full, a bleeding heart that fights as fiercely as it feels in the face of adversity.
Steve and Bucky exchange a look for the second time today and that’s impressive considering Steve has apparently given up on their friendship over
stupid. Bucky happens to spare him a glance and he huffs out a laugh. “Don’t look so offended, he’s probably not serious. No need for you to worry about it,” Bucky tells him, giving him a soft grin.
He stops there and Tony picks up the tablet he’s using to call them on and leans closer to the screen. Frankly there’s only one fantasy they
with all the bug noises and light in his hell hole camp site. He’s wandering around to keep himself entertained at least when he runs into Bucky of all people slipping a shirt on over his head and walking by with his eyes to the ground purposefully. Tony raises an eyebrow because he knows a walk of shame when he sees one- benefits of living near a college campus, but doesn’t ask. He is, however, surprised to find the most likely source of Bucky’s walk of shame not too far away because as far as he knew Bucky and Sam hate each other. Their long standing rivalry over Steve’s affections that they’re both losing to Tony without even realizing it kind of proves that but hey, the fuck does he know?
Tony snorts and starts laughing, “what, do you think I’m going to ask an asshole question as payback? No, I was actually wondering if Bucky was walk of shaming out of
Tony lets out a soft whine, “I…
damn good.”
, Tony,” he says, grip on Tony’s hip tight enough to bruise. Tony kind of hopes it does and that’s new too but whatever. He’ll deal with that later.
that to people?
He swings a leg over his hips, hands on Bucky’s chest. “You know how you banned Steve from talking about social justice things in bed? Well this is me officially banning you from mentioning
, Tony,” he murmurs, “you sure?” he asks, a slight edge of desperation to his tone.
“Don’t need the prep, just fuck me,” Tony tells him. “
Tony considers this for a long moment before he sighs. “Well, can’t hurt,” he mumbles. Steve tosses him a bottle off his night stand and Tony catches it, reading the label for a moment before shrugging and taking a pill. Steve mostly ignores him and focuses on his drawing and honestly a banana shouldn’t be so fucking hard to draw. It’s a banana, its
Bucky snorts and starts laughing when Steve seems to resign to his fate.
“Everyone should be allergic to underwear, its not breathable,” he says, pouting.
“Fine then, if it gives you a little motivation he is the last one I fucked,” he says, getting the satisfaction of the look on Steve’s face. “And its been a couple days,” he adds with a pout. When Steve leans in Tony happily wraps his arms around his neck, giving him a sloppy kiss thanks to his somewhat awkward positioning. Steve doesn’t mind at all as he slides his hands from Tony’s thighs to under his ass, lifting him out of the chair with a surprising amount of ease. Tony clings to Steve as he lifts, not fond of the idea of falling and quite fond of the idea of hanging on to Steve for dear life.
He rocks back into Bucky’s hand, unsure of when the hell lube even got involved and not especially caring. Bucky’s other hand settles on his hip, guiding his movements slightly as Tony presses into him. He moans into the mattress as Bucky slowly moves his fingers, taking his time apparently. “Hey,” Bucky says as the hand that was on his back finds its way into Tony’s hair, pulling it enough that he moves his face from where it was pressed into the mattress. “None of that. I want to hear you,” Bucky tells him, curling his fingers and Tony lets out a sharp gasp. “Exactly like that,” Bucky murmurs, voice low and attractive.
“Better last long enough to get me off,” Tony tells him, “so think of something unpleasant.”
Steve licks his lips, looking him over and Tony props himself into a sitting position on his knees. “You don’t happen to have heels, do you?” he asks and oh, come
Oh, he is gunna
Tony frowns, apparently struggling to come up with body parts. “Ears?” he asks, probably thinking he’s got Steve there but he shakes his head.
Riley has done something dumber than all that,” Rhodey tells him.
“I’m not looking to listen to whatever bullshit some jock thinks is good so yeah,” Tony says, standing. “You gunna come with me?” he asks innocently enough but Steve gets his drift anyway.
But Steve smells so good, and he’s
“I am
suggested and you sure shit don’t get to be mad at Bucky when I did the same damn thing and you’re clearly not pissed at me.” Like Bucky should be held more responsible for their collective actions than Tony should be, they did the
, and intelligent, and compassionate, and he knows what he wants, he’s unafraid to ask for it too, and a million other things that make Tony so refreshing. Bucky hasn’t met anyone like him and neither has Steve and all things considered its not really shocking that they both fell for the same person. They do share taste in near everything, including partners.
“And what is it that you’re afraid of?” Villain Boy asks.
,” Tony says, curling into Steve, “s’okay if you do it,” he tells Steve and they both know what he means. “Want you to,” he murmurs and Steve moans into his neck. “Please,” Tony adds and Steve sits back fast, pulling the dildo out of Tony’s ass and tossing it aside on the bed. Tony would be upset at the loss if Steve wasn’t furiously undoing the button of his jeans, barely even managing to pull himself out before he’s pushing into Tony.
they both know that’s not an accurate description of their relationship. It’s just the closest they’ve got as far as language goes.
“Thought so. Now go over to Bucky, he looks upset over there,” he murmurs, grinning at Bucky, who does look annoyed.
“Like fuck you aren’t. Apologize, pull your head
He pulls Bucky closer and he slowly crawls his way over, giving Steve a suspicious look before he gets to Tony and lays down, head in his lap. Tony lets out a small huff and relaxes, leaning into Steve as he settles a hand on Bucky’s chest. Bucky weaves his fingers through Tony’s and smiles up at him a little and that’s adorable.
“Oh my
, yeah. Want more,
,” he says. “It’ll be good for you too,” he murmurs, running his hands up Steve’s sides.
He slips his hands under Steve’s shirt, pushing it up as he shimmies down Steve’s body, kissing down his chest and stomach as he goes. When he gets to Steve’s belt line he pulls away, grinning as Steve makes a frustrated noise. “Take off your shirt,” Tony tells him, hands skating down his sides. Steve pulls it off and tosses it aside, not paying much attention as it hits the side of the tent. Tony’s pretty sure he’s going to be embarrassed about the implications of that tomorrow to everyone
“Yep, we’re all kinds of stubborn,” Tony said and Steve looked at him with a smirk.
Quickly Tony sat on Steve’s lap, over his dick especially, wiggling around for a bit as mini Cap began to stir. “Hello Beloved,” Tony said as Steve looked at him with a smile.
“Because I kind of overheard the whole conversation you guys had with Nat, Bruce, Scott and Hope,” Kamala said which meant that they’ve known the whole. “Pops we want to help.”
“Yeah Dad, we can do a lot of things, I can lift the heavy stuff,” Miles added and Tony knew it was the truth.
“There’s something that we never told you guys,” there was a sadness in her eyes, it hurt him just as much to see them all suffering but Natasha had taken on a heavier burden when Tony and him had both decided on retiring. This was one of the consequences of that. “Laura had been pregnant when she had, well you know, they had been getting back to being a family again, she had felt betrayed by him joining you during the war, but they had learned to be with one another again, so that day, Clint lost a lot more than just his wife, he lost that second chance.”
“Did that feel real?” Steve said with a smile playing on his lips, his face inches from Tony’s.
“Thanks J,” he said digging the pill bottle out of his pocket. After being in enough tough spots since he had been defrosted, the doctors working with the Avengers had to develop all kinds of medications, not just for Steve, but for Bruce and Thor as well. The metabolism of a super soldier burned through normal types of medications, so they had developed stronger ones that needed special permission to be used so that normal agents didn’t get their hands on it. Luckily for all of them it would knock Steve out for a few hours, from what Tony understood, Steve would be out for at least two hours, which would give Tony enough time to put his plan in motion.
“I cried right before we got dessert, but she asked to see me again, so we’re going out tomorrow,” America said speaking mostly to Miles as if they were just hanging out and talking but, for Steve it felt nice to get to know his son’s friends.
Jarvis had gone home after that, why would he stay to watch him and Tony, and secretly Steve was glad that they were alone, especially when Tony fell asleep halfway through the first movie, his head on Steve’s chest. It felt warm, and it had made him happy, even to the point that he had fallen asleep soon after. If this was what his life would be like with Tony around, he wouldn’t trade it for the world.
“It’s a good thing that his main source of happiness is making sure you’re secure,” he said smiling, Happy had always supported their relationship, but maybe it was because he was afraid that if Pepper left he wouldn’t see her again, which was an interesting development in their friendship. “Am I going to have to give you both the shovel speech, because I’m too tired for that right now.”
“We can turn around and act like we don’t know anything,” Tony said quietly, the kids in the back seat of the car asleep in their seats. “We don’t have to be here,” he kept going, it was fear that was running through his mind. They lost everything once, he couldn’t bare losing everything all over again.
“Get it started,” Steve called out. “We’ll get the stones to you.”
“Need some help there,” Riri said as she landed next to him in her Iron Heart suit, the same colors as Tony’s Iron Man suit, with a little hint of his daughter.
“I can’t believe you made me think that you were getting a triple B.A.,” James said pointing at the article that Natasha had read from. “I feel like I should complain to the school for sticking me with a know it all roommate.”
Please tell me if this made sense, I'm trying to condense every movie while changing them at the same time to fit what's happening the second time around.
“Then don’t talk of it,” Thor said averting his eyes from them all.
The two flew off leaving him to stand there for a moment and wonder just what they were getting themselves into, there was so much they were willing to do to help the world heal, but for him he knew just how much he was going to lose. If it meant that the kids would have their family back, it would be worth it, but what would it mean for him and Tony, for the Avengers, for the future. There were too many what ifs to ask himself, too many problems that could come from what they were thinking of doing. If they messed up just a little the fate of the world would crumble.
“You made me cookies,” Tony said looking at him with stars in his eyes. Steve nodded towards the plate next to his bed and when Tony turned to see the plate he smiled. “We can even give Mr. Jarvis the rest of the night off.”
“Yeah it seems that your brother is dating my brother,” Tony said as he came to a stop next to Steve. “Hi.”
“Boss, Vision has been in the lab with Shuri, they’ve been working on fixing something in his neuropathways.”
“And I...am...... Iron Man,” he said before snapping his fingers.
“I don’t think so,” he said feeling happy and depressed at the same time was killing him and he knew it. “It’s just that... well before you showed up, I got into a huge fight with that guy from my fiction writing class.”
“I don’t know, by all means he should have woken up by now, but he hasn’t and I’m not sure why, maybe he needs the mind stone, but we don’t have that and there’s no way to get it either,” Bruce said putting together another calculation on the screen. “You wouldn’t know where we could find another stone do you?”
Steve knew that Tony was distracted, from the moment he helped Tony out of the car, they hadn’t even taken a step forward, and he was already thinking that maybe this was too simple of a date for Tony. There was something to be said about dating someone who came from money, maybe Tony thought that they would go to a restaurant or something fancy.
“How long apart are the contractions?” Steve asked as he got his brothers settled into the seats, Peter was bouncing up and down excited.
In the days it took for them to work on the machine that would essentially take them through time, Tony found himself keeping an eye on Thor, who while still drank, had actually slowed down. Thor was standing in front of him in a hoodie and sweats watching as Rocket worked on the machine with Bruce in the background talking with Scott. There was a fondness in Thor’s eyes when he looked over at Bruce, who had worked the last few days on several calculations with all the data they had.
“A lot of people didn't, we’ve got four kids upstairs that lost everyone they cared about.”
Tony resigned himself to his fate and picked up his foam-covered daughter, “DUM-E, U, clean this up please,” he said as Morgan laughed from his shoulder as they walked away. “And you missy, you need a bath.”
They entered the house and Tony could feel the bass of the music flood over him, he was familiar with the loud reverberations, he usually listened to his music on the same volume, but for some reason this was just adding to the pounding of his heart and he wasn’t sure if it was a good thing or if he would have a heart attack and die at that moment.
“He better not be like that Barnes boy,” his father’s voice came over the phone, he knew that his parents still held some kind of resentment towards Bucky after the break-up, but Steve thought that they were getting better at hiding it from him. “I can’t handle another one like him, Sam is more tolerable than Bucky is.”
“I’m not all that certain about that,” Bruce said to her. “We’re not certain about anything if you think about it.”
“Yeah, no, Dr. Zol... No, I haven't seen a soul,” he said instead, because he wasn’t allowed to change the past, if he did there was a very real possibility that they wouldn’t find Steve in time, that the Battle of New York would happen and everything would be lost. There were too many variables to think about.
“Shouldn’t she tell you her last name while you’re getting to know each other,” Steve asked and Tony was curious why she hadn’t told him, it was one thing for Natasha to not say something, but another one if she lied about who she was.
“She said he had trained her, in the red room, that they had fallen in love, I think deep down, Buck found something that felt like home during those years, but in the end, Hydra took that from him too.”
“I honestly don’t know,” he said and they were both quiet for a moment, Steve seeing the jars of ashes on the ship, each marked with a name in Tony’s handwriting. “You can always tell where Tony’s been, he leaves a mark.”
“I’m working on it,” Bruce said, and Steve could see the panic in the man’s eyes. So, when Bruce pressed the buttons again, they weren’t expecting a baby to show up in front of him.
Much to his disappointment, she had told him that she was going to move down south with her son and his wife, but she was leaving the store to her grandson. The same one Tony had a crush on all those years ago, and for some reason she was hinting at something.
“He’s good with kids, they love him.”
“Good luck on your mission, Captain,” he said with a nod, trying not to smile at the fact that Captain America was dressed in Army fatigues, and looked very good in them.
“Clint, where’s Nat?” Bruce said pulling Tony out of his thoughts and forcing him to notice a very empty spot next to Clint, but it couldn’t be, Nat would have come back, Steve had told him that she had wanted someone back from the snap.
“He has it coming James,” she said but Steve was just confused, before he could say anything her hand was in front of his face, connecting with his cheek as she slapped him, albeit a lot harder than he thought she could for someone so small.
That got Tony’s attention, the one thing that he had tried to do was keep his kids out of everything, but if they had shown up and this had all gone south, he wouldn’t know what to do with himself. “Shit,” he said pulling away. “Shit.”
“Okay,” he said before turning back to the group. “Sorry Bruce, for you know.”
His mother always told him to humor his father, he was lucky that he didn’t have to go to all of the events for Captain America, or that he had to actually live up to the man. She let him have his life outside of the story his father had created and he was grateful for it the most. So, Steve let his father put his own son’s life on paper, as long as he got to be free of the mantle that was created from it. Over the years Joseph Rogers added other people into the comics, including Steve’s ex-boyfriend and long-time best friend Bucky Barnes, his other best friend and roommate Sam Wilson, his youngest son Peter, who now had his own character and series that Joseph wanted to expand on hence he was ending his Captain America story. Though he had given Peter a different last name in the series, it had been born from his brother’s love of climbing walls and jumping from the top of his bunk bed. Spiderman wasn’t the same as Captain America, and Peter loved that his father had created it for him.
“Well I had a right to freak out, I wouldn’t have been able to see you or Cassie, and I didn’t want to go back to jail, I had just gotten my life back together.”
“You know,” Steve said as he walked over. “If you want you can invite your date to one of these meetings, it might help you get to know her better, or even give you both people to talk with that you’re comfortable around.”
“We can lose a lot doing this,” he said his eyes on the kids in the car, Morgan somehow draped over Miles and Riri, while Kamala’s head was on Riri’s shoulder. “I’m going to lose a lot in doing this, and it hurts to think that we won’t know the outcome until we risk everything we have.”
It was quiet for five seconds after the door closed before Natasha turned to him, “So, this is interesting, you know, me dating your roommate who also happens to be your boyfriend’s best friend slash ex.”
“I have no idea, this is the first time I’ve done this,” he said, and Steve knew that they should have waited for Tony to come back, three geniuses were better than none, plus it would reassure Bruce more to have his friend there with him. “We’re talking about time travel here,” Bruce continued talking to Shuri. “Either it’s all a joke, or none of it is.”
“Not all of us,” Tony said pouting, which Steve thought was adorable, even with the heaviness of the subject at hand.
“No, you’re being very Hulky,” Scott replied, and if anyone else hadn’t known that Bruce was the Hulk, they would have thought it was a joke.
Tony was in the kitchen, slamming cupboard doors, the girls had the tv on as high as they could, which was already pretty loud, so that they wouldn’t hear them arguing. Honestly Steve didn’t want to fight, he just wanted to talk to Tony, but he knew that it wasn’t going to happen. Before he could say anything, Tony held his hand up and pointed towards the garage, Tony’s workshop, and the one place in the whole house that was truly soundproof. They hadn’t fought in a while, not on something this big, but they needed to talk and he knew that Tony was trying to do it without the kids hearing them.
“We don’t know, she’s usually a quiet child, until she gets sick, lately she’s gotten a few colds, but she never got to the point where she wouldn’t let anyone near her, but she seems to like you,” she told him as the little girl settled into his arms.
“So... those were your parents,” Tony said as Steve sat down and drew him closer, Tony’s back to Steve’s front, it was nice and very warm. There was something about having Steve hold onto him that made him happy, now he understood what if felt like to actually fall for someone without the extra baggage of him being a Stark kid.
Steve knew that they were enough to run the store, they had a few part-timers, like Darcy and Peter, but the full-time staff was all there. These were people he’d known for years, he trusted them more than anyone in his own family and he was glad that they would give up huge salaries to work with him.
“Am I in trouble?”
“I’m not good at... you know sneaking out.”
“Hey, homie!” Rocket said as he walked out of the ship. “Where’s Big Green?” Tony couldn’t help but smile, mainly because even when he wasn’t hulked out, Bruce was still Big Green to the raccoon, who had saw the man as a friend.
By the time Steve had come back, Chinese food in hand, Tony had typed up the whole story, like he had been possessed by something telling him to finish, and closed it up his computer. When he looked at the clock, he realized that Steve had been gone for over an hour.
“Thank you Shuri,” he said with a small smile. “You have my notes to get started, if anyone asks, I’m going to take them to Pepper’s, I’ll be back soon.”
“All right, we all have our assignments. Two stones uptown, one stone, down. Stay low. Keep an eye on the clock,” Steve said all the while Scott was mumbling about how nuts it was to give Tony a heart attack.
“That our Nebula got taken before they all returned and what came back was the version of her that was still trying to please her father,” Tony said wanting to scream, they had all been grieving to notice. “Life just takes and takes and takes, and just when we’re getting something good it decides to fuck with us all the same.”
“Give me that eigenvalue. That, particle factoring, and a spectral decomp. Gotta take a second.”
“And this is why I should have just waited in the dining hall,” Steve said to himself before plopping down on Bucky’s bed feeling like a total heel for being there in the first place.
“What did you tell her,” Tony asked, wanting to twist the knife already in his heart because that’s the only thing he could think of doing just so he could be near Steve for even a little while. “That you wanted to be with her?”
The Final Battle
“We’ll talk about that once everyone is back, for now just stow away the suit, and apparently get some tacos while there’s some left.”
The two of them walked over to the dining hall, Tony was quiet for a moment, it was a Friday so most of the people in their dorm were getting ready for one party or another, the dining hall wasn’t full, so they found a table near where everyone came in from the food line. Tony had a plate filled with fries and another with two giant cheeseburgers that had ketchup dripping out of it, along with a giant cup of coffee that had Bucky looking at him like he was crazy.
“Maybe, I mean I did think for a while that the two of you had a thing for one another,” Steve said starting the car and driving off. “I wasn’t sure why he showed up all of a sudden, and the sweater was something that I wanted to give to you, but later, I hadn’t known that you would try and have another one on.”
When Steve smiled at him after he put it on Tony felt his heart speed up a bit, you see it’s one thing to see Steve get jealous about something, and another thing to have him give Tony the full wattage of his smile, “You really shouldn’t have been jealous over that you know,” Tony said even though it was doing things to him at the moment.
Peter and Harley rushed into the room, both disgusted at what they saw before running back out, his father jumped into action moving around to get their go bag and get his mother to the hospital. Steve’s car was in the way, so he tossed the keys to his father and made them take it instead, he grabbed his brothers and pushed them towards the mini-van just as Bucky walked over a smile on his face, dressed in a tux.
“We’ll see about that,” Ass Face tells him.
, only you two would end up in a relationship with a title as stupid as that. Good luck man, and ask him out. He’ll probably agree just to make fun of your date choice,” he says, patting Sam on the arm before walking away. Steve’s probably awake by now anyway so Tony should probably prove he’s alive before begging to go back to civilization and
finds that weird and he’s a psychologist so he’s qualified to say that.
He nods, “you know I love having you two like this,” he tells him. “Always feels amazing,” he murmurs.
“Still you because I’m only along for the ride to make sure you don’t
“Come on,” Tony tells him, “move faster. Know you want to.”
tent,” he says.
“We may be convinced to give you a repeat show if you make it worth our effort,” Steve says, grinning.
“Is there a body part of yours that actually works properly?” Tony asks. “You know, lungs?”
be considered tame is the potential danger that can come with it, not that it’s unusual in any way.
Tony snorts, “I didn’t work any magic, I just happen to be good company.” Which Bucky would know, if he made a move.
Tony can’t help the small moan he lets out as Steve’s hand moves back up his body, slowly making its way up the expanse of his back and when he reaches the nape of Tony’s neck he wraps his hand around it. He doesn’t squeeze or try and wrangle Tony’s head in one direction or the other like some alphas have, he just lets his hand sit there as a soft sign of reassurance. The action makes Tony shiver, wrapping his arms around Steve’s neck again as he moans into his mouth. The fingers on his neck flex a little and Tony lets out a small noise of pleasure as he tangles a hand in Steve’s hair, tilting his head to the side and all but shoving Steve’s face into his neck.
like my brain will suddenly stop producing oxytocin,” Tony tells him.
is it good.
“You had fantasies?” Bucky asks, a hint of surprise leaking into his tone.
a face. Three, people take up bed space Bucky, I’m not fucking sure
From the bathroom Bucky laughs, “feisty little buggar,” he says, leaning against the doorway. Tony doesn’t even need to look at Steve to know what look he’s got on his face so he reaches up and smacks him.
“Just ask, I’ll inform you if its offensive later,” he says. Worst come to worst Sam won’t
He barely bothers with clothes, he’ll be out of them either because he kicks him off in his sleep or Steve takes them off anyway so he figures he might as well dress light before he makes his way to Steve. “Pretty sure you overestimated me waiting it out till morning,” he murmurs as he comes up behind him, nuzzling his neck as he wraps his arms around Steve’s waist. “Bye, Bucky,” he says, barely even sparing him a glance as he shuts the door in his shocked face.
have a brain that seems to naturally fall into scientific inquiry. Tony suspects Sam dumbs himself down a lot to blend in when he shouldn’t. He knows Sam’s smarter than he lets on on account of he doesn’t seem to get lost in conversations Tony has when he talks science. Everyone else does but Sam asks questions.
this was a good idea.
Shit. “You look surprisingly clean given that you usually spend your mornings in the lab,” he says because he’s an idiot.
Pepper is kind but firm as she says this, and it just occurs to Steve how he’s been staring through the windows of the medical ward long enough to warrant a lecture or two. He stops elbowing the door frame like a bouncer on the lookout, having the grace to be sheepish as he clears his throat. "Sorry."
Tony straightens his expression at the door like he wasn’t smiling from the window, and Morgan has enough to say about how Aunt Natasha was cooler than the rest to keep business off the table.
“This is the one where we win together, then.”
“Nice balance. Can’t go being defined by our losses forever, can we? Gotta fight for this life, we haven’t done enough in it to be star-crossed so soon.”
It should terrify him, but he swallows and hyper-fixates on the silent beep of the heart monitor all over again, latching onto any existing proof of a pulse that makes the ashen present a little more liveable.
“And where did you even learn the word
“He’s not wrong to be.”
“Fascinating.” Tony’s genuinely awed, his relief and happiness infectious when Steve holds him close against his chest. “All that because we were together.”
Green and charred from the previous attempt, a gentle giant’s touch that helps make sure no one wavers in the face of what’s ahead.
“So let me get this straight--Well, as straight as this entire homoerotic bullshit can be.” They’re standing at the pier by their lakeside home, and Tony’s squinting into the horizon with such focus that Steve can’t help but smile. “Everything changed by a hair because you didn’t bother hiding how you’re biased and kept your eyes on me throughout.”
Morgan is born in the early hours of the morning—with sunlight streaming through the windows of their lake house home and Pepper’s cheeks flushed with joy. Tony has never looked more in love than he has been at that moment; his eyes are teary with unbridled happiness and Steve feels his entire heart go to him.
into irreparable little pieces; breathing feels like choking on the glass-shards of words he never got to say when it mattered, visceral and gruesome in the way he feels it in his blood, to the bone, everywhere without the serum’s effect stepping in.
He’s halfway through with his sentence when he feels the shield pressed to his own chest. Tony’s hands had been insistent, and at that he willingly collides into the sleek black car behind him, enraptured by the closing distance between them.
“Just… picture this for me. One minute a witch doctor makes sure I hear it loud and clear that he was going to feed us to the sharks if it meant saving the world, that he wasn’t going to excuse my
“Both.’’
He’s here with them again in spite of everything. There’s a trace of bitter sweetness to that.
“Just two?”
-krawst, -krost ]SHOW IPA
“And love each other.” It’s matter-of-fact, and there’s no reason for any of them to be shocked at this point when they’ve slow-burned their way into a deserved ending like this. Tony’s eyes sparkle with adoration that creases at the sides of his eyes when he closes the distance between their lips, “Shut up. I love you too.”
Speaking with his entire heart that’s so intertwined with the soldier persona that demanded pestilence, that demanded he did not waver in the face of everything momentous or small; lending a patient ear to the woes of society was easier than acknowledging your own. “Should’ve realized long before that the war followed the man.’’ Even now he lacks the words to verbalise what it’s like to hurt like this, when your thresholds of pain have long since been altered by your history of chronic illnesses, the serum, and then the ice.
He makes sure to be there when Tony was up this time.
“Rogers, is that a threat, because
It takes him a minute to realize it’s not a bad thing to feel the full extent of his hurt like this. Not phantom pain wisps from days long gone, not some hyper-realistic memory constructed by the enhanced parts of his brain, nothing secondary, it’s all real. He hurts and he bleeds without the need to repress the helplessness of it all… but he’s also seen the future where the both of them turn out okay in spite of almost-s.
“Not the worst thing that can happen,” Pepper’s finishes for him. She lets Tony decide on whether there were important additions, continues when she’s sure. “I’m a working woman with a conglomerate to run, and since you’re bedridden, there’s no sense in rejecting help.”
Domesticity isn’t something he’s mulled over beyond sepia-tinged nostalgia, so dining with Tony and Pepper whenever he can is a modest blessing he’ll take. Every now and then he notices just like everyone else: the empty seats of company that could’ve been here, but he is adamant not to bring up anything mission-related out of consideration—
“Yes?” She’s quirking a humored brow that Tony obviously struggles to stay mad even when his eyes are seized by love, love, and love; so much love that Steve wasn’t sure just what he was envying.
“Got your six too, Stark.”
“I’m going to work on it, promise. Didn’t plan to stew in guilt forever, and don’t plan to completely charge into infinity and beyond without thinking twice, either.”
“Hell no. Just…” When he finds the word, it’s not without its melancholies. “Catching up.’’ Sentiments like ‘for all the times he could’ve spent doing this’ goes unsaid, and he’s not about to elaborate until he feels fingers on his in gentle insistence. “You know what, Rogers? For all your rousing little speeches that could convert satanists, you do surprisingly bad at expressions of
“Message received and left on seen, I’m not done.” There’s more coaxing of fingers this time so that they intertwined, and Tony presses it against Steve’s chest as a sign for him to be patient with him, “Point being: you say ‘catch-up’ like you’re in some reality TV marathon that spans an entire lifetime back—even now it feels like you’re not really here even when you try your damnedest to be. What else are you catching up on?”
It was never going to be easy, and Steve doesn’t even know where to start.
The crash of ocean waves had long since been directed towards a portal connected to the faraway deserts for Doctor Strange to sigh as Thanos is restricted thaumaturgically, his gaze finding Tony’s again and he manages to flatten his expression, “Fine. In retrospect, 14 million futures with just one win does sound like bad writing.”
you.” The pause is for emphasis that Steve doesn’t flinch from, takes it in stride with quiet eyes when Tony continues, “Not just past tense,
thwarted or opposed by the stars
Steve holds his Tony’s gaze until he doesn’t, giving one final squeeze in reassurance while he alters the way his fingers were positioned: they’re no longer curled in readiness of a snap--instead, lunging out in a familiar signature move as a flare gathers in his palm, the soul stone flaring brighter than the rest in the strangest resonance that they all feel together.
, it’s the certainty he’s never had as to how he fits into the present with all of them. “When we said ‘whatever it takes’, it was more than just empty platitudes.”
, Rogers. Here, take this—" Tony tugs at his arc reactor in a harsh motion without blinking, slots it into Steve’s palm with finality. “And when he finds you, you
thwarted or opposed by the stars; ill-fated:
“Only with the ones I like.”
He’s beautiful and Steve’s silent reverence must’ve shown for Tony to squint with humour like that. “Going to slow-burn it for another decade, are we?”
“Exactly! Let nobody question how I’m a good host. So, tell me about the kind of things you’re on patrol for. Any washed up villains taking advantage of the quiet economy, interesting clues—” He does that little thing where there’s a slowed bounce to his step as his mind races, like he’s not still hungering for any little lead that can spark his mind and eyes afire… until something else follows in quick succession, “Or nothing, really, the world still tastes like ash and you’ll need to get to people faster. Combats the existential guilt of all that couldn’t be saved—Your chest measurements still the same?”
There’s silence then save for quiet beep of the heart monitor that soothes him more than words can say, and he grips onto the railing that separates him from the slumbering figure, because that’s all he allows himself. Tony looks troubled in sleep, still, but breathes easier every time Pepper caresses his hair in reassurance, as if he knows that he’s being made an unquestionable priority under her watchful gaze.
, to immerse in the depth of Tony’s beautiful eyes focused on him, crinkled at the edges with mirth. “But the more I told myself I
Thor barely has the time to help a wounded Bruce to his feet when the missiles came. Vibranium is flimsy in the face of Thanos’ Deux-ex-Machina powered blade, but the three Avengers worked with a ferocious synergy that stemmed from years of build-up this Titan did not have in his arrogance.
“We’ve done nastier things with each other than kiss,” Steve points out.
“God damnit don’t pull off, go faster. Why are you like this?” he asks.
Bucky still looks confused but to be fair it’s the first time he’s been turned down since he was fifteen and it was by Steve, not the guy he was about to ask out. “Well, Steve’s available,” he offers and Steve feels his entire face wrinkle.
Tony nods, “yeah m’sure, do it,” Tony tells him again. Steve moans, face buried in Tony’s neck. Tony curls his arms around Steve’s body tightly, head tilted so his mouth is right by Steve’s ear. “Please, baby,” he murmurs and Steve moans again, nipping at Tony’s neck, teeth grazing his skin all the way down it until he hits the base. He hesitates for only a moment before he bites down and Tony swears for a moment he sees white. “Oh,
“Yeah, we’re fixing that,” Steve tells him, kissing him again and its rough too, sloppy. Its how Tony knows he’s done his job right because Steve is usually as attentive to detail in bed as he is in his art. He pulls away and takes a few steps to what Tony thought was going to be his bed but he keeps going, stepping over the broken mug and its contents as he walks down the hall.
“If you play your cards right,” he says, giving Bucky a cocky smile.
“I’ll be honest, its good dick but I feel like that’s a good reason,” Tony tells him.
Tony tilts his hips into Steve’s thrusts, making him moan softly. “Wait till you knot me,” he says, “feels so fucking good.”
Steve shakes his head at him as Bucky’s fingers catch his jaw, turning his head back towards him as he kisses Tony again. Tony grins into it because
me and I don’t appreciate it,” Tony tells them, nose in the air.
“Take off your pants,” he tells Steve, who wastes no time following his instructions. Tony mostly ignores the noises of Steve struggling out of his jeans as he fingers himself open more, focused on the sensation.
“What the fuck Steve, were you planning on reenacting the entirety of Shrek over there while I was left out in the cold?” he asks. Steve snorts and starts laughing as Tony climbs onto the bed and over to Bucky.
Yeah, sure Tony knows he’s demanding but no one minds it really, especially not Steve. He keeps his arms wrapped around his neck as Steve kisses his way down Tony’s, tangling one of his hands in Steve’s hair as he tilts his head to the side. He looks over at Bucky while he does it, letting his mouth fall open a bit and Bucky laps it up. He’s almost easier to tease than Steve with all his pent up attraction. For all Steve’s talk he doesn’t much seem intent on sharing and Bucky must know of some unspoken rules because he hasn’t made much of a move either, even if Tony damn well knows he wants to.
“No, I’d do that anyway. Go on,” Steve tells him, prodding him forward. Tony shakes his head but turns to go, letting out a soft yelp as Steve smacks his ass. That’s so more Bucky’s thing than his but he’ll take it.
“Bossy,” Bucky tells him but obliges, picking up the pace of his movements and letting out a small noise of appreciation as Tony moans. “You always this easy?” Bucky asks him as Tony pants a little.
Tony eventually wakes up and showers because honestly he’s gross, but he crawls back into bed with Steve as soon as he’s out. Steve, who must have been some worried, wraps his arms around him instantly, only loosening them when Tony wiggles around uncomfortably. Its not like he
“Not when I want it and he’s not responding so
Business is something he hates, Tony’s first and only love is inventing but he
He knows he’s probably going to have a whole collection of hickies by the time Bucky’s done with his neck but he can’t be bothered to give a shit. He tilts his head so Bucky has better access and he nips at the underside of Tony’s jaw, teeth grazing the skin there before he kisses it, moving slowly down his neck. Tony lets out a soft whine, fingers twining tighter in Bucky’s shirt as Steve hits just the right spot again.
“If you keep talking like that I think I’ll be fucked,” he mumbles. Tony pulls his hand away from his ass and looks around his body at Steve. His cheeks are flushed and he’s got his hand around the base of his cock like that’ll help much.
Tony gets home and all but throws the door open, clearly surprising Steve and Bucky with it. They happen to be in the kitchen watching something on Steve’s phone when they jump at Tony’s noisy entrance. “You two are fucking
“Feel me now?” Bucky asks, fingers flexing on his hips.
“He likes it rough. Is this normal or no?”
Steve, because he’s horrible, pulls himself back up just as slow. “Yeah, gorgeous?” he asks, reminding Tony of Bucky for a moment.
to a-” the door to the apartment unlocks and Tony stands up.
“I um. Exaggerated slightly,” Tony amends.
has a contender for Dumb White Friends now. Hm, he’ll talk to Rhodey about it later. “You don’t get to act pissed off at Bucky over something
Rhodey winces because yeah, he knows and Tony’s standard for hot mess is pretty high. “I’m sorry man,” he says and Tony sighs.
be his luck to catch a cold. It’s the right season for it anyway. “Guess I could,” he mumbles.
Steve are your eyes more busted than colorblind?” he asks.
“Really, Tony?” he asks, amused.
Bucky turns back to Tony and kisses him hard, pulling him in close as Steve slides his pants down. Tony wiggles a little to help, stepping out of them when they hit his feet and Steve kicks them away. He lets out a harsh gasp as Steve presses two fingers inside him a little roughly, pressing back into Steve’s hand for more. Steve grabs ahold of his hip, steadying his movement, “impatient,” he murmurs and yeah, Tony’s never been one for waiting for anything.
“S’not my fault that’s where it landed,” he says innocently. “Hold onto that a minute, hmm?” He leans in and kisses Steve softly, catching his wrist when he reaches out to him. “No cheating,” he murmurs against Steve’s lips, “and back up a little,” he adds. Steve shimmies back a little as Tony turns around, making the best of the domed space as he carefully arranges himself with his ass in the air. If not for Steve sucking in a breath he’d feel kind of ridiculous in this position but this is for Steve’s benefit anyway.
Warnings for mentions of torture, child abuse, and murder. None of it is graphic, but it's there.
“All for you,” Tony tells him, tilting his hips up to meet Steve’s hand a little.
He swears to
, okay Tony can work with that. “So that’s what you’ve been fantasizing about, hmm?” he asks, sliding his free hand down Steve’s back and over his ass, squeezing it a little.
. The fact that he’s an omega helps, not that Steve’s entirely picky, but he does have a preference for them. “What?” Tony asks, grinning when he notices Steve looking.
“Was not,” Bucky mumbles. “I uh… was just caught by surprise is all.”
“Fuck, keep doing that,” he tells Bucky, “
you categorize your sexuality?”
doesn’t seem to be common fucking sense. And he knows this because Bucky has done it and honestly, Steve doesn’t get that. If some weirdo sniffed him he’d be freaked out about it but its fine if its omegas? God damn savages.
Bucky releases his hands and Steve steps back just as Bucky spins him around to Tony’s facing him. Steve crowds back in as Tony reaches up and wraps his arms around Bucky’s neck. Steve’s hands skate up and down his sides in appreciation. “Told me once that he doesn’t normally get as wet as he does for us, isn’t that right?” Steve murmurs almost in his ear.
“Might have kind of a thing for it, yeah,” Bucky murmurs. His grip remains tight on Tony’s hips for a moment before he releases him. “On the bed, clothes off,” he tells Tony. He listens to Bucky, stripping off his clothing and tossing it in Bucky’s direction as he goes. “Pest,” Bucky accuses, tossing Tony’s shirt aside while he shakes his head.
He laughs because Bucky is funny, he’ll give him that. “You gunna do something or talk all day?” Tony asks.
Steve leans over him as he fucks him with the toy, carefully balancing himself on his forearm braced above Tony’s head. “You look good like this, all flushed,” he says, Brooklyn accent thicker than normal.
For a moment Steve considers them, then dismisses them in favor of crawling over to Tony and settling a hand on his hip, eyes still on the uniform. He bites his lip and runs a hand up Tony’s side and back down again, toying with the edge of the skirt. “Not gunna lie, I’ve imagined this like a million times,” he tells Tony.
That earns him a sympathetic look and yeah, Rhodey doesn’t really
“Go shower, you look like a bad video game character,” Tony tells Bucky. He snorts and walks off, giving Tony a fond look over his shoulder. Once he hears the shower running he turns to Steve, who still hasn’t released the tension in his body. “Okay, what’s the god damn deal?” he asks.
“You have a thing for that?” he asks even though Bucky’s tightened grip on his hips and the soft groan he lets out gives him his answer.
“You’re pretty solidly in the double digits,” Tony says. “Who’s slutty now?” he asks, snickering.
“Why the fuck do you care?” Steve asks and he needs to get past this damn thing, it shouldn’t even be scientifically
baby, give a guy a warning,” he tells Tony, panting.
he can get a prescription now when it takes
?” Steve asks, distaste more than clear in his tone.
to get out and it’d been a lot faster,” he says, almost chiding Tony.
Tony lets out small moan, “yes,” he murmurs.
Tony comes home in a flurry of motion, not entirely surprising, and Steve tries his best not to pay too much attention to the way he moves. Sometimes he wonders if Tony had dance lessons as a kid because he moves in such a unique way and he really shouldn’t stare, especially when he ends up near salivating, but Tony is
“Yeah?” Tony asks, voice breathy as he shifts his hips a little, experimenting.
Tony remains curled up next to Steve, who’s got an arm wrapped around him loosely. Bucky is laying with his head in Tony’s lap letting Tony pet his hair, which is now clean despite previous concerns. “So um. Next time you decide to whip out
He rolls his eyes, “yeah, not being turned down enough gave him a big head,” he mumbles.
“Fuck me,” he whispers in Steve’s ear, pressing a kiss to Steve’s jaw and nuzzling at it.
“Well if you’re going to waste your opportunity I might as well get something out of it,” Bucky says, clearly confident that he’s not about to be turned down. Steve shakes his head at him as Tony sticks his head out the bathroom door, obviously scooping the room out. Steve gives him an apologetic look. “Hey, Tony,” Bucky says easily and Tony, clearly not stupid, knows what’s coming and gives him a look.
Steve and Bucky look at each other for a moment, unseen communication happening, before they look back to Tony. “Well Steve had an idea,” he says, inexplicably ending his sentence there and Tony frowns.
. He finally gets these two assholes to agree to fulfill one of his biggest fantasies and they do it while he’s
Steve wrinkles his nose too, “
He laughs, grinning. “You might want to stay out of it, honeybear. Also, high schoolers fucking suck,” he mumbles.
Tony groans and throws a hand over his eyes. “I can wait till tomorrow,” he mumbles.
“Still wanna ride you so you best have enough self control that I can,” Tony tells him and Steve whimpers.
“What, did you live in closets your whole life?” he asks. The room so isn’t that big. Actually the whole condo is small by his standards but given the look on Steve’s face when he walked in he’s going to assume his opinion is a little off.
“Yeah, but not yet,” Steve murmurs, pulling his hand away and Tony pouts at him again. “Don’t get impatient with me now, I’ve got plans,” Steve tells him.
He carefully positions himself, lifting his feet to the edge of the desk so the heels are prominently on display while he artfully rearranges the shirt to fall just right. It’s a recreation of one of Steve’s drawings, right down to the dim desk lighting and the pen in his mouth so he’s curious to see how this’ll go. Steve starts chatting to him halfway down the hall but Tony doesn’t bother paying attention to it given that he knows that’s not what Steve will be on about in five minutes. When he opens the door and finds Tony there his theory is proven right as his jaw drops open and he drops the mug in his hand. He doesn’t even react as it shatters against the floor and Tony grins. Yeah, that’s the kind of reaction he was looking for.
Tony shakes his head, running his fingers through Bucky’s hair. “Honey, the kinkiest thing you’re into is handcuffs and that’s so tame its not even a kink,” Tony points out.
,” he murmurs against his lips but Steve laughs.
. For a genius you’re not that smart,” Rhodey tells him.
Not like he hasn’t thought long and hard about that one, he’s got no choice and with his health problems he’s not about to get any bigger. Though he’s not as bad as he was when he was a kid. Back then he was such a waif it’s a surprise he didn’t get carried off in a strong gust of wind.
Steve’s breath hitches and Tony smiles. “In that case, I have plans,” he tells Tony.
,” Tony tells him, giving him a
Steve, pulls him back into a kiss.
“Pull it,” Bucky tells him and that alone as Tony arching his back into him let alone the way Bucky sucks at a patch of skin on his neck, nipping at the spot afterwards.
“Uh, probably because I was like nine when I was in high school,” he points out. “Steve’s great, but everyone else? Hot mess. And you
“Mhm, whatever you want,” he murmurs. “
But he still has no idea how he ended up here. “I… wha- where is this coming from?”
“I like to be reminded of your appreciation with actions,” Tony tells him primly. “And also I have a short attention span.” Actually, he mostly likes teasing Steve but he can’t tell him that because its part of the teasing.
not territorial I just…” he wrinkles his nose as words seem to fail him.
to laugh when Tony makes an irritated noise and decides to help him out by pulling his damn pants off himself. “That was
He doesn’t expect Steve to lean in and kiss him again, almost harshly, as his hands move down to Tony’s ass. “Holy shit,” he whispers as he moans into Tony’s mouth. “So fucking wet.”
“- so yeah, I ended up on the subway with a fucking pigeon in my lap because the stupid thing refused to go away,” Bucky says. Steve looks confused and honestly Tony too because, brave as the pigeons in New York are, they aren’t usually
“Here,” he murmurs, carefully prodding Tony out of his lap and he’d be offended if Steve didn’t guide him onto his back, spread out across Steve’s bed as he looks down at him fondly. “I can’t fucking believe this is happening,” he murmurs and Tony grabs his hand, tugging at it a little.
I’m close,” Steve tells him. “Can- can I touch you?” Steve asks, hand already half extended to Tony and yeah okay, Tony misses being touched and he
“You’re enthusiasm is fuckin hot,” he says, nipping at his bottom lip as he pulls away and thankfully strips off those pesky pants of his. He’s even polite enough to put up the pretense that he’s about to get Tony out of his pants too but he lets his hands linger on Tony’s belt line for a moment.
Thankfully Tony solves the debate for them by lifting his head and glaring at Steve, hair wild and eyes narrowed. “One,
Steve gives him a dirty look for outing him like that but Bucky doesn’t care. Tony will do what he’s doing now, giving Steve an ‘are you fucking kidding me’ look, and clear the air anyway. “Have I not made myself
Tony laughs, “really? Never took myself for a cheerleader type,” he says as Steve pushes him back so he’s lying down. He shifts his legs out from underneath himself as Steve crawls between them. Steve grabs one of his hands and threads their fingers together and pins Tony’s arm above his head. His other hand sits on Tony’s hip as he leans forward and kisses him.
“Heart?”
“‘M yours,” Tony tells him. Steve lets out a loud moan, grip on Tony’s hips tightening.
you feel good.” He reaches back, intent on finding some body part of Bucky’s to hang onto when Bucky grabs his wrist, pinning it over his head as he falls forward, putting his weight into pinning Tony’s hand. Bucky presses his head to Tony’s shoulder blade, breath coming a little faster against Tony’s skin.
“I’m sorry,
“You are always a bag of surprises in the best of ways,” he murmurs. Tony lets out a soft laugh, shivering a little as Steve’s hand continues up his thigh to his ass. “Are allergic to underwear?” he asks.
“That what you want, hm?” Steve asks and Tony nods vigorously. “Gunna need a little convincing baby,” Steve tells him. “Beg for it.”
, Bucky!” he yells as he cums too, breathing heavily as the sensation fades.
“Keep that where it is,” he tells Steve, shifting his hips a little and earning a sharp hiss of pleasure for his troubles. He grins because he likes it this way, Steve half lost in the sensations with him in control. Hm. Might be a thing he didn’t know he was into.
“Tony,
He shrugs, “seen it enough times to know. You’d think people would take the hint and leave you alone,” he says, giving Bucky a pointed look. Tony laughs, relaxing some presumably because Steve isn’t putting up with Bucky’s attitude.
Bucky wrinkles his nose, “‘dysentery’ and ‘kiss’ don’t belong in the same sentence.”
“Oh did not. Always gotta stick your nose into everything,” Bucky mumbles at him. Tony decides he’s had enough of that and grinds down on Bucky, resulting in him losing his concentration as his fingers tighten on Tony’s hips. “
Tony huffs out a breath, “move baby, wanna feel you,” he tells Bucky, nosing at his neck. Bucky obliges, picking up the speed and Tony moans, clinging to Bucky.
his longest lasting relationship and he doesn’t want to fuck that up anymore either so he lets Tony pull him onto the couch, head settling into Tony’s lap before he speaks. “He’s worried you’ll leave him for me,” he says because he knows Steve well, too well some days. There’s been times in their relationship where they get up separately and immediately know what the other wants them to do without ever having spoken. They don’t just know each other well, they’re basically soul mates. Except like, platonically. Bucky wouldn’t believe in that kind of thing if not for Steve honestly, and Tony’s another one of those situations where he met him and it was like they’ve known each other for years. Steve said the same thing, that they just got along immediately like they already knew each other.
fuck, please. Pleaseplease
Bucky drops one of his hands from Tony’s pinned wrists to his hip, “I can’t believe you flew across an ocean over a kiss,” he tells Tony.
For a long moment Rhodey just stares. “You became a prostitute. You weren’t even homeless for a full ass day and you become a
“He can’t pay off someone who doesn’t need money,” Tony says. “Downsides of hanging out with a rich guy. He’s just lucky I didn’t mention the time he found one of our roommate’s Viagra in a mint tin and he ate like five, thought they were disgusting and were probably duds, and ended up in the hospital crying about painful erection. No hot nurses this time though.” They got stuck an old man that probably lost his soul at sea five hundred years before and resented every moment he had on land afterwards given how much of a dick he was, no pun intended.
“Yeah?” Steve asks, hand sliding from his hip over his stomach. Tony nods, toes curling and he can feel how close he is but he doesn’t wanna- not yet, not until- his brain shorts out on him, not much able to comprehend basic thought with Steve and Bucky fucking him like that. Steve’s hand slides up further, ghosting across his collarbone until his finger tips hit the base of Tony’s throat.
,” Tony says, tilting his hips up to meet Steve’s.
Tony hums, “probably gunna need a little prep,” he says, laughing when Steve sits up immediately, apparently happy to offer his services. Tony presses him back down into the mess of clothing and sleeping bags. “I don’t need your assistance,” he tells Steve, who looks simultaneously turned on and disappointed. There’s a combo Tony’s never seen before. Steve settles into the ground, replacing his hands over his head and Tony thinks he can get used to that. He should try stuff like this more often if Steve’s willing to be so receptive.
as Tony’s situation usually and he’s not sure if he should just leave or something but he’s not exactly keen on showing up at Bucky’s.
“Where’s the fun in that?” Tony asks innocently.
likes being the center of Steve’s attention. Being with Bucky is good, great even depending on what’s going on, but Steve is something else entirely. He likes to focus more on Tony than himself, always taking extra care to ensure it feels good for him and he’s taken a liking to such lavish attention.
“You’re just a little territorial,” Tony finishes and Steve sighs, slumping.
“Tony.
. I don’t know if I have the self control to last much longer,” he says, babbling.
Bucky looks him over again as he crawls onto the bed, crowding Tony into the mattress as he grabs Tony’s wrist and pins it above his head. “I see plenty I like,” he murmurs. Tony lets out a soft puff of breath; leg skating up Bucky’s side and over his hip. “What, got a thing for that?” he asks, grip around Tony’s wrist getting tighter and
“Considering his
Steve shakes his head, walking over to Tony and sitting beside him. Tony leans into him, looking over at the half painted wall while he tries to imagine what it’ll look like done. He’s not successful. “Don’t tell Bucky I told you, but he did basically the same thing, except we were in Prague and also getting shot at. It was a super inconvenient time to be whining about boners because he thought they were Advil.”
Steve lets out an annoyed huff. “I get why you did it, but Bucky knows better. I can’t blame you for a miscommunication,” he says and Tony rolls his eyes.
“Where’d you even
to do this?” he mumbles.
The grip Steve has on Tony’s hip tightens, “
He crawls onto the bed, making his way up to Steve slowly. Steve tracks his every move carefully, leaning forward a little as Tony ducks down and noses at the inside of his thigh a little before nipping at the area. With jeans in the way it’s a little pesky, but it serves its purpose given the way Steve sucks in a breath when he does it. “Come up here,” Steve tells him, reaching out for him. Tony grins, obliging Steve as he crawls closer. The look on his face when Tony runs his led up the inside of Steve’s thigh is so worth it.
“We don’t speak of it, it’s only ever known as the darkest day in Clint’s life, he sometimes gets nightmares about it too,” Tony answered knowing that what Clint had done was something that the Stark kids would never forget, but if spoken Natasha would kill them.
“You’re the men that broke in here, but for what?” she asked looking at the two of them noticing the briefcase that Tony was holding.
“Well, they are my colors, though those rings are going to be burned forever because I don’t think we should have that kind of power… ever.”
Tony had withdrawn more and more after that incident, inventing fabrics that would stop a bullet, working on things for soldiers to have in combat, things that weren’t weapons. As for Howard, well he stopped making guns, his wife was his number one priority and almost losing her had made the man a little crazy, well they could handle it because they were family though they tried to reign him in when it came to public functions. Tony rarely sought out his father after that, and their relationship had been a little strained. His brothers picking up the pieces of the whole fallout, because Howard blamed Tony, even though Tony was just a kid. So Tony, doing the only thing he could think of, wrote fanfiction about Captain America and a new superhero partner, Iron Man. The stories blew up, and while Tony was awkward in real life, his online persona was not.
for Tony to take up more space than someone who’s bigger than him.
Sam turns a little red in the cheeks, which is harder to see with his darker skin tone but Rhodey’s a blusher. Tony’s gotten good at detecting the blush under darker skin tones. “No,” Sam lies and Tony rolls his eyes.
“Are you wearing a skirt?” Rhodey asks, frowning.
,” he says, hand on Tony’s hip squeezing almost hard enough to bruise as Tony presses his legs into Steve because he doesn’t want him to go anywhere.
, yeah,” Steve tells him. “Move baby, wanna feel-
Bucky kisses down the side of his neck, fingers dipping below his belt line a little. “Dangerous answer, baby. You really want to go with that?” he murmurs.
“Right, so like. How
, and sweet talked said mob boss into taking him home. There is no way on gods green
his idiot question is offensive and best case scenario Sam asks something genuinely interesting. Which he doubts will happen but hey, maybe it will.
“I can take care of this,” he tells Steve, palming Steve through his jeans, “if you let me.” He spares a look back up at Steve, who’s already looking at him.
Sam, presumably, appears in Rhodey’s doorway. “There is no way he’s dumber than that time Riley-”
He picks up his pace a little, arms tightening around Steve’s neck. “Dunno. Just something about the way you look at me,” he says, “gets me going every time. Love the way you look at me like I’m the only thing in the world that matters.”
Tony squints, “Bucky, choking is pretty tame too,” he says. Honestly the only reason it
Yeah, no denying that. “In my defense if my memory serves me right, and it always does, you’re always right there with me so who’s the dumb friend really?” he asks, grinning.
want it,” Steve tells him.
Steve’s teeth graze his neck and Tony moans, not quite catching it before it escapes. Steve lets out a soft laugh, “wouldn’t have taken you for the type that likes to be marked,” he murmurs.
“I’m just happy its not in my hair,” Bucky says.
He feels a hand slide over his back and he shivers, leaning into it a little before an arm hooks around his waist and pulls him away from Bucky’s neck. “Rude,” Bucky tells Steve but Steve only rolls his eyes at him fondly.
Thankfully someone seems to catch Asshole Extraordinaire’s attention enough for him to let go. “You know who that is, right?” a new voice asks.
Steve wrinkles his nose, “gross, Bucky. And Tony, guess you decided to make an impression.”
Damn, yeah. “Kinda what I had in mind when I put it on,” Tony tells him. Steve pulls away fast and Tony makes a noise of disappointment at the loss.
?” he asks. He nods because that’s all he’s got at the moment. “Good. Because you’re fucking obtuse and I don’t like that about you. Everything else is great though,” Tony murmurs, leaning in and Steve can smell a whole hell of a lot more with Tony this close and yeah, he’d been right about not smelling the half of it. “So,” Tony murmurs, voice low, “anything wrong with your dick?” he asks.
’ so he figured what the fuck, might as well, right? Wrong, because there are bugs and leaves and plants and all the things he hates. You know, nature and all that shit. “Hey,” someone says and Tony spares a glance to some dipshit to his left. He’s already decided he hates pretty much everyone here but he hates this guy more than normal. “What’s with the outfit?” he asks and Tony rolls his eyes.
Also, maybe warning for rough sex? Rougher than I intended anyway but like, not too bad or anything. But good to go in knowing what's up!
Steve sighs, “you’re fucking useless when you’re tired,” he mumbles and that’s fucking rude okay. He just wants to sleep, that’s not a crime. Instead of coming back to bed though he leans over Tony like a jackass and digs around for his pants, finding nothing because he climbs over Tony to get out of bed. He groans, making his displeasure known as Steve plods off to deal with Bucky, who is probably fine on account of not being a child. He can find his own damn way home.
“Fine, sure,” he mumbles.
Rhodey actually short circuits at that. “Sam!” he calls over his shoulder, “Sam get over here my white boy is dumber than yours by a
“Fuck, this is way better than any of my fantasies,” he murmurs against Tony’s shoulder blade.
“Rude,” he tells Tony, kissing him softly on the lips before he pulls back some, clearly debating on skipping out on whatever it is he has to do. Tony has decided its best not to ask questions about Steve’s business.
“Don’t forget we have to leave to pick Bucky up in an hour,” Steve murmurs, pulling back a little.
Steve laughs, “I liked it before I saw you in it. Turns out my imagination isn’t near as good as the real thing,” he says. Yeah, Tony figures that’s true. That’s why he chose to go make his drawings a reality to begin with.
“Shush Tony, I know what I’m doing,” he tells him and Tony wrinkles his nose.
“Shh, I’ve got you. Take your shirt off,” he tells Tony softly and alright, he can do that. He strips his shirt off and tosses it aside with little care for where it lands and Tony gasps softly when Steve’s hands land on his bare hips, thumbs stroking his hip bones softly. “You look beautiful like this,” Steve tells him, looking over his body. Tony can see the lust there and he knows he’s probably way ahead of Steve as far as arousal goes, everything is so much more intense with heats, but the way Steve is looking at him makes him wonder how accurate that assessment is. Steve smiles a little, biting his lip before he full on grins and kisses Tony again, enthusiasm obvious.
“But you conveniently leave out drinking so many shots with Weasel that you threw up on Wade. Of course,” he mumbles.
, yeah, Bucky
, me too Tony. Forgot that you always know the right way to,
Tony pulls again, a sharp yank that has Bucky stuttering in his pace for a moment as he lets out another loud moan. “Oh, m fuckin close,” Bucky tells him and Tony nods frantically.
- change the angle a bit
He moans into Steve’s mouth, letting his legs fall further apart “swear to
, do that again,” he tells Steve as he curls his fingers a bit. Bucky’s teeth graze his neck and Tony shivers, clinging desperately to his shoulders. “
together.
“Fuck, I’ve wanted to do this for
Tony gasps, arms tightening around Steve. “Fuck baby I can feel your knot. Come on, want it so bad Steve
Bucky looks back at Steve’s phone. “Did… did you catch the first flight back from London?” he asks. Even Steve looks surprised at that.
He lets out a small yelp and gives Bucky a
you better kiss again,” he tells them in place of a greeting.
and this is soft and pleasant the way a mattress should be. Steve climbs onto the mattress after him and frowns. “Is this new?”
“S’not my fault,” Tony tells him. Not like he didn’t make his interest known but Bucky was being stubborn, apparently.
“Buddy you have
,” Tony breathes out, mouth dropping open in pleasure as Bucky’s grip tightens a little. Not something he knew he was into and he’s not about to question it at the moment. Bucky hums appreciatively and Tony feels him shift forward on the mattress. “
I want you.”
“Shush, you know I’ll take care of you,” Steve says and right yeah, he’s not much of a selfish lover.
“Yeah, baby?” Bucky asks, thumbs caressing Tony’s hips.
, Tony,” he says, rolling his hips into Tony’s ass. He lifts his ass a little and grinds back into Bucky, pulling at his hair as he does so. Bucky moans again, hand flying to Tony’s hip and gripping it tight, “
Tony wrinkles his nose because he doesn’t much do rejection well and Rhodey knows this. Part of why he’s such a perfectionist. He rubs his temples, ignoring the slight headache he feels coming on and yeah, he’s been feeling off for the last couple days but it
, what do I do?”
Sam lets out a small laugh and shakes his head probably because, like Steve, he’s a
Tony fucking hates mornings and he
however dated they are.
“Tony, can I-” he starts but Tony cuts him off.
But Steve
Tony doesn’t waste time, he just does it and Steve swears under his breath in
“Hey, who cares about Steve, lets get moving,” Bucky tells them, clapping his hands.
shot too,” Tony says.
“No you idiot. Well, yeah- whatever, that’s
ready over here pretty much since the moment I saw you in that. Come here,” he says, reaching out to Tony like he’s trying to play it off as unconscious but Tony damn well knows he’s testing his luck. He bats Steve’s hand away, “don’t test me now, Steve. Paws off until I tell you its okay,” he says. Steve makes a small noise of disappointment but doesn’t try again. “Good,” Tony tells him as he carefully crowds into Steve’s space, positioning himself over Steve’s lap. He sits down, artfully spreading the skirt around his hips as he grinds down on Steve’s dick.
Bucky wrinkles his nose and that’s rude, Tony doesn’t judge
no miscommunication, I heard you loud and clear and followed through on it.
of it then I’m attached to the toilet by the ass for a week.” If there’s a smell that’s the opposite of Tony’s heat it’s probably that and the smell of liquid gluten shits, Steve swears, has given him genuine PTSD. Which is the upside of a half busted sniffer, not having to worry about stray reminders of shits past.
“Yeah, baby, love it. Wanna be yours,” he tells Steve.
Tony wiggles a little though he’s not sure if its out of arousal or anticipation. Steve leans down and kisses him softly, letting Tony melt into it just a bit before he pulls back. Tony makes a noise of disappointment and Steve shakes his head. “So easy to tease,” he chides softly and Tony rolls his eyes.
Steve knows what he’s going to say so he shakes his head. “I’m fine Tony, its whatever.” Not like it’s the first time he’s ever smelled someone in heat before and even if it wasn’t his momma raised him to have manners. And unlike Bucky, whose mother absolutely raised him to have manners, he actually listened. Tony considers his words for a moment and goes back to ignoring him and rooting around in his bag for a few moments.
Something must occur to him though because he quickly drags his head back out and gives Steve a panicked look. “Wait, this isn’t like-”
if someone told him about this this morning he’d one hundred percent say he’d say yes but now that this is happening he’s pretty sure Tony has a melted brain. Not that that’s what
They remain silent for a few moments before Bucky speaks again. “Look on your face when he did it was pretty hot though,” he admits softly.
He pulls the toy out slowly and presses it back in, testing his limits. “Move faster,” Tony tells him. “Want to feel it.”
either, given that the edges of his vision are fading to black and he doesn’t really want to die in an ugly security room so he’s a bit mad about it.
Rhodey rolls his eyes, “your charming wit doesn’t count.”
“Tony, you’re going into heat,” he says bluntly, hoping that didn’t come across creepy. Its not like he went out of his way to sniff the guy like some alphas do, apparently, because
Rhodey’s confusion doesn’t go away. “Wait, Pepper told me Howard abandoned you in Italy so how are you in Brooklyn? Or are you being a dick and trying to fool me because let me tell  you out of the two of us its not me that’s the fool,” he says.
Tony looks over his shoulder at him innocently, “yeah, baby?” he asks.
“Well, probably helps that my nose is half shot so I’m probably not smelling the half of it anyway.” Usually that’s more annoying than not. He misses his sense of smell, went with some illness as a child and he can’t remember which because he was sick so often. Now he can only kind of smell food cooking and he misses that the most. But some smells are stronger than others and yes, he can smell Tony fine. Even if it’s probably not as strong as his actual scent.
Steve thinks he might need a new roommate because this is so not going to work out if he keeps acting like a dolt. “Pretty sure Bucky has plans so I guess he’ll appear when he wants to harass me,” he says and Tony laughs.
“‘Course I did,” he murmurs. “Thought you’d be a little rougher.”
“Yeah, we’ll get to me,” Steve tells him, damn Brooklyn accent making a pretty strong come back like it always does when he’s turned on. Bucky does it too. “Let me take you in first,” he murmurs, tugging Tony closer to him. He goes willingly, swinging a leg over Steve’s hip so he’s straddling him. Steve runs his hands up Tony’s legs, over his ass, and up his back. “You’re not wearing anything under this,” he states more than asks but Tony nods anyway. Steve shakes his head, “every time I think I’ve got the perfect fantasy you make it better for me,” he says in a low tone and Tony bites his lip to keep his moan in. Steve catches it anyway, “hey, none of that, tell me what’s got you worked up, hm?” he asks. He pets up and down Tony’s sides and he sighs.
I’m arguing semantics. Second of all, that was a totally smart decision on account of I wasn’t footing the hotel bill. Genius,” Tony says, nose in the air.
“Don’t do that,” Steve tells him, “I wanna hear you.” He curls his fingers slightly and Tony’s hips tilt up involuntarily as he moans.
high and he cried while eating a McDonald’s big mac. Don’t know why that’s a big deal to him but he’s real embarrassed about it. Also, one time he got his dick pierced and-”
, Steve,” Tony tells him, fingers tightening in his hair.
Steve’s hand slips down his leg, toying with the edge of the skirt he’s wearing, “can’t wait to see this pushed up around your hips when I fuck you,” Steve tells him.
