Bucky’s doggie smile disappeared, and those blue-grey eyes--the same beautiful eyes Bucky had as a human--looked confused.
Steve wasn’t afraid of the dark until Tony got his arc reactor removed.
“Wait! I’m Steve, what’s your name?”
Steve slumps, looking up at Tony through his lashes. “If you really think we shouldn’t keep them...” He is most definitely using his most manipulative kicked puppy voice and body language, and Tony definitely knows it, but Natasha doubts knowing is enough to counter its power.
When it’s all over and they’re discussing where to have their post-battle meal, Bucky realizes his jaw still feels a bit sore when he talks, so he stops talking. Since he’s one of the the quietest on the team anyway, no one seems to notice.
Of course, loving Steve wasn’t the same as wanting him. But it was more important. It was enough, right?
Spend time with loved ones.
Realizing that trying to have James explain the full truth might be more traumatizing than heartwarming (“I'm here because your ghost mom wants to see you!”), Maria had decided to have him deliver a letter. He’d allowed her to take control of him as she’d done once before, to write the letter in her own hand, knowing Tony would recognize the writing.
Steve held a hand out to Tony, who took it, and they made their way across to the
The next ornaments were almost translucent wooden orbs that glowed from within. Tony wanted to ask Thor what the science within them was, but didn’t for fear the answer would involve magic instead.
“Stop!
But then he read the rest of the files Steve had given him, and realized just how terribly Bucky Barnes had been treated by Hydra. How he’d been used. All the times he’d been taken out of cryo, sent on a mission, then locked away a few days later...
He clearly does, and James sees Tony’s eyes change as he reads it, from narrow in suspicion, to wide in surprise, to watery with barely contained tears.
“Yeah,” Morgan agrees, and picks up the little plastic kettle to “pour” tea for Steve.
“The dragon up Stark Mountain! Lots o’ folk come from all over to try to kill the dragon, but no one’s managed it yet. Most come back nearly fried to a crisp, or with deep cuts from those razor-sharp claws. ‘F you’re lookin’ for fame or glory, you should give it a shot!”
Steve hears the shout and turns in time to see Tony interposing himself between Steve and a small but muscular man lunging in with a knife. Tony’s hands execute an impressive maneuver that disarms the man, but in the process takes a slice down the left sleeve of his expensive suit. He hisses in pain, falling back.
“How does that make you feel?” Tony asks.
Though the living man was no longer reflecting his movements, Tony imagined they had similar looks of shock on their faces.
Tony sighs, and turns to Thor. “You can find food for them here?”
“Legend says you’ve dated both men and women.” (“True.”) (“Plus some somewhere in between,” Tony adds, a little surprised but relieved to find Steve doesn’t seem at all bothered by his answer.)
Barnes blinked. “...leave me?”
“Tony,” the Skrull greeted.  Its voice was gravelly.  Not warm and smooth like Steve’s.
Content Warning: Vomit (not graphically described but present and relevant)
“Is he going to apologize?”
“Always,” Bucky replied, and they headed out toward their objective, keeping an eye out for any other nearby opponents.
Nothing. He was still himself.
Steve laughed. “Sounds great.”
And Tony needs to get to the restroom.
Part of Tony had feared Steve was gearing up for a break-up.  Part of Tony had hoped Steve was trying to get the courage to--as ridiculous and premature as it would have been--propose.
Steve takes a slow breath to avoid breaking down into sobs again. “Yes.”
Clint’s hands went up defensively, then his gaze darted to the basket--where the plums had shifted--and his eyes widened in shock. “Oh. Got it. All Bucky’s.” He looked over at the man still engrossed in his book on the couch. “Hey, Bookworm Barnes, might wanna pay attention to your boyfriend, here, and grab a plum.” Then he gave Tony a wink and a pat on the shoulder, and left the room.
Steve sighed. “Ned--he was here earlier, but his parents took him home--said they saw the cat go into the burning building, so Peter followed it.”
“Exactly,” Steve says. “Captain America’s supposed to be better than that.”
Tony sighs and somehow manages to bring himself back to a standing position. Then, because he has no good reason to pick any other direction, he heads in the direction his hallucination had pointed, wearily climbing the next dune, and the next.
Still, the fact that he can’t force himself to lie, even about something as small as how many fingers Bruce is holding up, makes it hard to deny.
“Do you
The others chat while continuing to play games, but they avoid asking Steve any further questions, until Bruce announces that he’s going to start dinner. “Curry sound good to everyone?”
The Ancient One turns to look at him, and he forces himself to meet her eyes. “He made the decision. No one forced him?”
He’s tempted to lie, but he feels guilty when he lies to Jarvis. “No.”
“Not exactly, not then. I was really considering it, I don’t know if I would have gone through with it, but then Rhodey came in and talked me down.”
His stomach now no longer rebelling, Steve manages to pull himself together and stand up straight, cheeks burning in humiliation. “I’m so sorry,” he says, and only as he’s saying it does he realize exactly what the stranger said.
“A game we’re gonna win because you couldn’t handle a little tragic romance, Barton!” Tony shouted, exchanging a grin with Bucky. The plan had worked perfectly. “Cover me?” he asked his boyfriend.
Tony shakes his head. “You can’t get drunk on Earth alcohol. Steve’s gotten drunk off of this stuff before, it should work for you, too.”
When a small pink five-petaled flower shape appeared on his hip when he was seven, he was excited. But his father said it might be cancer, so Jarvis took him to the doctor to get it tested. The results came back negative three days later... one day after the coloration disappeared.
“What’s your name?” Tony interrupted.  He was pretty sure the Skrull had given his name during the interrogations, but he didn’t remember it, and more importantly, he wanted to stop the words that seemed about to come out.
“Try it and you’ll get a repulsor to the face,” Tony threatens, clasping his favorite to his chest and getting a lick to the face in response. “Ugh, but if they have any storelska-strength mouthwash there, could you pick up a few gallons?”
Several hours later, a package arrived at the tower, addressed to Steve. It contained an inhaler, several bottles of vitamins and other pills, and a note that just said “8am tomorrow, Dr. Foster,” with an office address.
Steve doesn’t see the blade in time, but Tony does.
Warnings for this chapter: Brief, interrupted suicide attempt (Bucky trying to escape Hydra). Also, canon character death (Tony’s parents).
“If you’re seriously offering, then yeah, I'll take it. Probably should take any job I can get at this point, but... this seems like a nice enough place to work, with a nice enough boss.” Tony hoped he wasn’t imagining the appreciative look Bucky gave him at that. “So, when do I start?”
“You lost someone important. Someone important to you.”
“So is JARVIS piloting all of those, or do they have their own programming to tell them where to go?” Bucky asked Tony, still suited up but with the faceplate down beside him.
“Oh my god, that’s disgusting,” a masculine voice chokes out, but doesn’t immediately pull away or let Steve fall to the ground.
But at least Tony was happy.
“Yeah, that’s what I thought. How about you continue your tea party with Mr. Spider here while I go talk to Uncle Steve?”
“Would you prefer James?”
He says it like it’s nothing special, like anyone would have done it. “You’re a good man, Tony.”
Ah. He wants to even the score, huh? It won’t be the same, not when Tony can decide not to answer, but Steve figures it’s worth a shot. “Why did you hate your dad?”
“Tranquilizer,” Steve answers, and frowns. “Which was meant for me but could’ve been fatal for you.” He knows he shouldn’t be berating Tony right now, not when he just woke up, but Steve just keeps imagining what could’ve happened if Tony had gotten a higher dose of the poison, if he hadn’t been treated in time, if he’d just been outright
Maria haunts the man who murdered her and her husband.
practice.
Now, tucked away in the captain’s cabin while pirates boarded, Tony wasn’t set on defending his husband or lifestyle, but if the pirates decided to kill everyone on board, or perhaps sell him into slavery, that wouldn’t be an improvement upon his current circumstances. So he finished assembling his pistol, then crept out on deck to see what exactly the pirates’ intentions were.
“Thanks,” Steve says, pleased his soulmate thought of helping him even after he just threw up on the man. “Uh, Tony, is it?”
“Well, yeah,” Tony says matter-of-factly, but then the confidence seems to crack. “Unless... you don’t want to. I mean, we don’t--”
“I’ve told you a thousand times, he did not kidnap me,” came a frustrated feminine voice from the other side of the room.
After the mission with Steve and Thor, Bucky stopped by the workshop even though he knew Tony was in the common kitchen (the lasagne had smelled delicious when he’d passed through for a welcome-home kiss).
Bucky looked over to see DUM-E backing up and swirling his arm around, beeping offendedly. He didn’t look damaged, though there was a small blackened spot on the floor. Snowball was scratching at it, as though expecting to find something underneath.
Bruce doesn’t look reassured, though. “But if you happen to die in battle...” he trails off, looking uncertain whether he wants to pose an actual question, when Steve would be forced to answer truthfully.
“Okay,” Tony agreed. “I understand.”
She stands guard while he sleeps, shouting to wake him up if there’s any sign he might be found by Hydra again.
Steve sighs. “When I realized I was a lap ahead, I started trying to explore, but I couldn’t get far from the course. I got bored.”
In case it was not obvious: I know nothing about fishing.
Maria’s been tethered to James her entire afterlife. He’s seen headlines, watched news clips, overheard conversations about Tony Stark, about Iron Man. So he knows she’s picked up some information about her son’s life, but she’s never really gotten to see him.
Tony leaned closer, his reflection doing the same. The eyes were now radiating a desperate hope, so Tony closed the distance and touched his lips to the mirror’s surface.
And he didn’t look like he’d slept recently, either. He was leaning against a lab table, scrolling through text or code on a holographic interface, but his eyes didn’t seem to be taking anything in, and he didn’t react to Bucky’s entrance.
“We should bring something back for Tony,” Steve commented as they strolled Coney Island.
“Wait, sorry, can you repeat that?”
Rhodes thought the duel was a bad idea, but wouldn’t let Tony go through it without him.
A couple times Tony half awoke when Steve was doing his check, but thankfully a murmured, “Shh, go back to sleep,” was enough to prevent him from waking more fully. Which was good, because the genius didn’t get enough sleep as it was, often working late into the night.
When Steve appears at 117A Bleecker Street, the ground seems to shift under him, and despite all the physical advantages the serum has given him, he falls to the floor.
The alien shrugged.  “I understand.  It doesn’t matter.  All that matters is that you’re safe.”
Tony nods. “Okay,” he repeats, but says nothing more on the subject, just squeezes Bucky’s hand and asks if ramen’s good for dinner.
Steve’s heart is now pounding harder. Morgan had mentioned Tony liking someone, but at the time he’d assumed it was Pepper.
“Uh-oh. Am I in trouble?” he asked.
A very familiar blue.
“Thank you,” she says. “You’re not dressed up, but you can come to my tea party anyway.”
“No!” Tony said. “No, this is for you and Steve.”
“Is this a negotiation?” Steve asked incredulously. “Okay, get six hours of sleep, then you can call me if you still want to go out.”
After someone tries to trigger the Winter Soldier, Bucky needs a lift home.
“I dunno, I’d like to remember that part about goin’ on a date, if you’re still interested, doll.”
“Uh, I think so? Why, what day is it?”
Bucky’s hand moves from Steve’s face to Tony’s, brushing a tear away with his thumb, and Tony sobs, holding tighter onto Steve and leaning his face into Bucky’s touch.
“It’s your name.”
She will now.
“Yeah, well, Steve was a lot less bulky then,” Tony points out, then laughs at the disgruntled face Steve makes. “Okay, my bed it is. Tonight. I think I’m up for the morning at this point.” He punctuates this by standing, relieved that his head doesn’t protest the motion.
A proposal doesn’t go as planned.
What if I’d been a minute later?” Peter winced as Dad’s voice wavered on the last word.
He realizes this too might start driving him crazy after a while, but for now... “Yeah. This is good. Thank you.”
Raising his faceplate, Tony fights hard to keep his voice steady as he quips, “Having a campfire without me?”
They rolled their eyes, then put their arms around him as they headed for the bedroom. Missing their date wasn’t the worst thing, Tony thought, as long as he got to spend the night with his wonderful boyfriends.
Atop a foggy hill, two men walked ten paces away from each other.
Steve gives in, and leaves Clint in the dust, ricocheting against obstacles deliberately and barely slowed by the blue shells Clint hurls. He completes his final lap before Clint’s halfway through his second.
“Does that mean you’re gonna kiss all of us?” Clint asks from the cockpit, though Steve’s not sure how he even saw the kiss since he’s piloting. Nat looks back with a raised eyebrow, waiting for Steve’s answer.
Steve turns to smile at Tony, as Morgan says firmly, “Mommy says we shouldn’t keep secrets, only surprises.”
“I know,” Tony admitted, feeling almost naked without his armor, even if he was still armed. “But it’s our best chance. I trigger the trap, you go in while they’re distracted.”
“Doesn’t look like that to me,” he told Rhodey. “Looks to me like we’re doing this.”
“Okay.” Tony shoved the pillows between them to the floor, then turned to sit cross-legged on the couch facing him. “Are you--do you need help shifting to lie down?”
Steve had agreed to come to this remote cabin in upstate New York for the holidays, because even though he didn’t like the cold, he appreciated getting away from it all with his found family--not just his husband and son, but the whole team, all of whom would eventually be joining them in the large multi-bedroom cabin.
Jarvis’ eyebrows go up. “Not an activity one should be doing at school, certainly, but why were you concerned they would be in trouble for it?”
“Wait, remind me, Brock, how many detentions before you’re expelled?” the one-armed kid asked.
Steve appreciates that Bruce tries to phrase his questions carefully (“Do you have any physical pains that may have been caused by the battle?” instead of “How do you feel?”). But as he’s heading for the door, Bruce stops him.
Tony stood there.
Bucky yelped when the prey he had pinned suddenly changed, feathers giving way to tanned skin, tiny body growing quickly man-sized.
“Okay, that was super cheesy, but,” Peter pulled first Dad, then Pops, into a hug, “I have the best parents in the world.”
Jarvis looks... sad? “I don’t know. That would probably depend on the adult.”
Tony was relieved it wasn’t one of the more impatient customers. He closed up the watch, then stood to greet the newcomer.
He couldn’t see the screen, so maybe it wasn’t cracked. Maybe the slush and the salt that prevented the slush from becoming ice hadn’t started seeping in yet, wouldn’t destroy the delicate electronics. He wouldn’t know for sure until he picked it up.
“Who taught you that using a safeword meant being abandoned?” Steve has a guess, and wonders if this’ll be the time he finally demands an address from JARVIS and hunts down Tony’s abusive ex-boyfriend.
Steve heads over to Tony, and Tony raises the umbrella high enough for his boyfriend to fit under it as well--not that it will do any good considering Steve’s already drenched, but it’ll let him stand closer.
“O...kay?” Peter was really not sure what was going on here.
Tony picked up his mug. “Was there something else you needed?”
Tony nods. “I thought it sounded like that.”
“My time was over,” Yinsen says calmly. “You still have much to do.”
The man--presumably Steve’s roommate Bucky--gestured Tony inside, then started picking up, tossing a blanket from the floor onto the sofa, picking up a pizza box and some glasses from the coffee table and carrying them to a tiny kitchenette. The place was cramped and in disrepair, but it looked lived in, books and pens and notebooks strewn around, photos and art decorating the walls.
“Tell you what,” Tony proposed, “I’ll give you one as a gift on our third date.”
“Then what is it?”
In the last moment before she disappears, she looks back at Tony. “I love you, mio bambino.”
Tony opened his mouth, then closed it. “Oh. I didn’t mention? It’s... attuned to me. It has a receiver that picks up a signal from a transmitter under my skin.” Tony pointed at a small spot on his left forearm, where a tiny healing cut was visible. “If it’s glowing, you’ll know my heart is beating.”
The man looked relieved, but then grimaced down at the radio. “Both, unfortunately. I tried to fix it myself but I don’t have the right tools or parts, and I need the money more than I need the radio.” He bit his lips, looking disappointed at the thought of selling it.
“I... don’t know,” Steve admitted. That had definitely been a mistake on his part--“temporary” might have a drastically different meaning for a being with a lifespan of thousands of years.
It seems insurmountable.
He manages to dismount in time to grab the charging girl and spin her around in a hug. “Hey there, kiddo! You’re getting big!”
Bucky nodded, and turned the knob.
Bucky starts to shrug, then winces. “Just the arm, nothing you can’t fix, I’m sure.”
Something pierced his wing and dragged him to the ground, then he was pinned by a huge furry paw.
Tony is looking at him with an expectant expression that’s slowly fading to blank, and Steve realizes he’s missed a question.
“But you didn’t say--”
Tony’s grin gains confidence. “That’s right, I earned Steve-kisses, unlike you losers. Fair is fair,” he tells the others without taking his eyes off of Steve. “So,” he adds in a lower voice, “What do I have to do to earn more?”
Finally, Steve’s catch broke the edge of the water, and his excitement turned to confusion.
, and I love you. And I love that I’ll be able to see that you’re okay, even if you’re not nearby.” And really, knowing that the light actually meant Tony was okay would probably help his subconscious more than the mere familiar light would.
“To embarrass me,” Steve answers, only realizing he might be wrong when he sees Tony wince. “Why did you ask, then?”
He gestures at the couch, but Tony doesn’t sit until Steve does.
So Steve headed over to join his son’s team.
“No, Stevie, let’s just buy him something. You know those games are always rigged.” Bucky was pretty sure that was something that hadn’t changed since their childhood.
Steve--the real Steve--certainly didn’t seem to now, at any rate.  He’d only been back in the States for a couple weeks before he’d been replaced.  The feelings of betrayal after the events in Germany and Siberia had still been fresh in everyone’s minds.  The real reconciling--leading to something more--between Tony and Steve had actually been between Tony and a Skrull.  So when he was back, the real Steve gave Tony an awkward apology about anything his replacement had done, and then avoided him as much as possible.
“I didn’t have a choice.” Tony shrugs.
--falls out of the helicarrier into the water below.
“What, you lived among humans for six months, and now, unlike all your buddies, you’ve seen the light and just want to protect us instead of take over?”
Steve doesn’t see the blade in time. Neither does event security.
“Tony,” Steve says firmly, and pauses a moment to get Tony to look over and make eye contact with him. “I will never leave after you safeword, unless you ask me to.
His eyes very briefly flick to Tony at that last word, which piques his curiosity. He
“What if I need you to perform ‘The Star-Spangled Man with a Plan’?” Tony’s eyes sparkle through remnants of tears, a playful smile on his face.
“Uh, Scott is fine,” Scott protested.
Yinsen seems to look around the featureless landscape, then points toward Tony’s ten o’clock. “Go that way. He will find you.”
Tony answers,
“Of course she is, she’s yours.”
Steve couldn’t help but smile. He didn’t see any blood, and it looked like Tony was mostly okay. “You’re not dying, Tony. And I’m not an angel, just a barista. Are you okay?”
He’s going to see Tony again.
Tony’s eyes widen, but there’s no hesitation as he responds, “I didn’t hate him, I just wish he’d loved me as much as he loved you.” Then his jaw snaps shut. He looks away, releasing a breath of air. “Should’ve known you wouldn’t pull your punches with this.”
you...” His eyes widened. “That was horrible, I’m sorry, ignore me, I haven’t slept since Tuesday--”
He thanks her, and pretends to sip the nonexistent tea as she follows up with “And some for you, Mr. Spider.” Then she pours her own tea and looks up at Steve again. “Do you know what else ‘fancy’ means?”
Before Steve could reply, Peter had disappeared, taking the ball with him.
Thank you for the kudos and comments that help me stay motivated to keep going!
chair that Hydra used to torture and brainwash him. Just a soft recliner in his own home, with...
A hand comes up to block Steve’s view. “Not pretty, I know,” Tony says with a grimace, then looks toward the shop as though hoping his friend will be back with a shirt already.
He loved the overnight shift.
, came and left. Tony’s friends--Rhodey and Pepper, Happy and Jarvis--had tried to convince him to join their crew, more sympathetically than Fury’s failed demands, but still he’d refused. When their friendly chats had started to feel like a wake rather than a discussion of what Steve would do until Tony returned, he politely but firmly asked them to leave.
Centered on Steve, wielding Mjolnir.
Then, one evening a few months after the surgery, Tony paused by the nightstand, looking like he was trying to figure out how to say something.
Clint’s eyes narrow suspiciously, then widen as he seems to realize Steve must be telling the truth. “You’re serious. That one time you played, when you said you didn’t get it?”
They heard Clint muttering as he dropped down from the tree and headed back to base camp. “
If he hadn’t been here...
Tony was almost as relieved to see Steve standing on the other side of the gurney with a similar smile, apparently having shed the bulky firefighter uniform to fit comfortably beside the paramedic checking or adjusting something on a monitor. Tony was used to worrying about his husband going into danger on a regular basis due to his job, though he still couldn’t say he enjoyed it.
Bucky grabbed some leaves off a nearby tree he thought would be safe (though antibiotics were certainly in the guy’s future once they got him to real medical care) and handed them to Tony, who hesitantly took them. “Here, hold these on the wound. You gonna be okay here while I shift and go run for help? I’d offer to carry you, but that would be tricky at your current size and you shifting again might make the wound worse...”
Thank you so much for all the nice comments on the previous chapter, I’m glad the twist worked for people. :)
Steve himself preferred a sword to a gun, brandishing his blade with ease as he approached the captain of the ship he’d just boarded. “Stone. I’m here for your greatest treasure.”
Steve snorts, then winces as the action seems to amplify the taste of vomit in his mouth. He moves to the trash can to try to spit the rest out.
“You know I can’t,” he says under his breath, resuming his walk.
Not until Tony got the surgery to have the shrapnel and arc reactor removed.
“I figure if you start now, you should be starting to feel it by the time they get here.”
“I just don’t like it when you’re hurt.”
“I know, love, I know you don’t do that anymore,” Bucky reassured him, though he worried sleep deprivation wasn’t much better for Tony. “Let’s get you to bed, huh?”
Steve talks to the Ancient One about Tony.
Tony snorts. “Good luck there.”
The game attendant, who looked barely out of his teens and entirely uninterested in being there, muttered the rules, set two balls in front of Steve, and stood back.
Peter froze, then started babbling, “Oh, neat, this’ll be a great Halloween costume, I mean, it doesn’t look quite like Spider-Man’s, but I’m sure yours is better, the
When it’s over and the dentist is gone, Bucky breathes a deep sigh and relaxes back into the recliner. He tenderly opens and closes his mouth, feeling a slight resistance from whatever she used to seal up the cracks, but no sharp pain.
Morgan almost spills Tony's surprise at a tea party with Steve.
“You’re our son, Pete,” Pops said with a warm smile. “Even if we’re not related by blood, there’s no way we’d be able to stop you from being a hero.”
The look of resignation returned, but with a spark of hope this time.
“Uh-huh, so you called me...”
Steve was relieved to find he wasn’t locked out of the workshop.
When he lowered his hand, he saw it.
I just heard was that you
, for cryin’ out loud!”
Tony breathed a heavy sigh of relief... and only then noticed what was on the gurney.
Once there, Tony--he was right about which was Tony, thank god--removes his helmet, and Steve finds himself pulling his lover into an embrace (awkward as it is with the bulky space suit) before he even realizes he’s moved. He presses his forehead to Tony’s, staring into his beautiful brown eyes--eyes mirroring the joy Steve is feeling, but also filled with exhaustion. “Honey, I’m home,” Tony says quietly with a soft smile.
“Papa!” Peter shouted in joy when he realized Steve had come out to join them after all. He ran over to hug Steve, not noticing that the others paused the fight to avoid hitting the kid during the “reunion.” (Though Steve noticed Nat did manage to nail Clint while he was distracted.) “You gotta help me an’ Uncle Clint!”
Then she’s gone. James swallows hard. He’s going to miss her.
She reaches for him, and still none of the technicians or the handler react, so he doesn’t move, and--her arms go through him. She stumbles, seems to be standing half inside him, then jumps backward, stumbling again in her fancy heels.
Bucky gave another huff, but this one seemed more amiably resigned, and he stepped forward, nuzzling Tony’s hand.
“For what?” Unlike with Rhodey, the words weren’t laced with hostility. Instead, Tony seemed genuinely confused.
Tony searches for a sign of his lost boys in a frigid landscape.
Steve smiles. “Legend says you had a crush on Captain America when you were in college.”
Keeping the bottle in hand but down at his side, Tony opened the door and whistled. “Bucky-bear!”
“Sir, the privacy protocols allow the other residents--”
But Tony was nodding, rubbing soothing circles on Bucky’s knee and shoulder. “Yeah. Yeah, that’s all you were doing, sweetheart. For over an hour, while apparently blacking out. It was really nice for a while, until I realized you weren’t really with it, and I got worried.”
Steve takes a deep breath, then manages to regain his usual command calm. “Of course. But who’s ‘us’?” He trusts Tony, knows his lover would never bring someone dangerous back with him, but as far as he knew there were only enemies on the other side of that wormhole.
Bucky huffed a laugh. “Okay, laser
“Sounds good to me,” Tony agreed. “Murder strut away!”
Steve isn’t sure whether to trust the apology--there’s still something suspicious in Tony’s eyes, like he’s planning something--but he nods. “It’s--” He wants to say it’s fine, but he can’t, so... “Forgiven.”
“He’s also never said you can have exotic animals from another planet.”
“And you helped a young lady from the town, a Miss Potts?”
Tony supposed that knowing your replacement had become lovers with the person you’d fought almost to the death could be a bit of a shock.
Tony opened his mouth, then closed it. “Okay, counteroffer: let me take you out on a date.”
It’s when dreaming of the wonderful time he’d had with Bucky and Tony on the beaches of New Tahiti that the alarms begin blaring.
Impossible carnival games are not so impossible for super soldiers.
“Analysis, J?” He watched the scan results come up on the HUD.
“Excuse you, that’s richest man in the Western Hemisphere, and you’re damned right you do,” Tony retorted, “Don’t think I didn’t find out about you and Steve taking the
Tony put out a hand to shake.  “Nice to meet you, Rick.  I’m Tony.  Want to grab a coffee?”
“I think this is a lifetime supply,” Steve answered dryly.
Tony shrugged. “Your current uniform isn’t going to cut it right now. And I know you, the next Avengers call and it’d kill you to sit on the sidelines. But going out in your normal getup might
At the small jolt of hope that gave him, Tony found himself looking over at Steve--who was looking back at him.
Aboard the
Maria laughs, seeming to shine simply from being around her son.
“This is a dream. This has to be a dream, this can’t really be happening.”
“And I still say that should’ve been ten, but--totally unresponsive is different than being engrossed in work. Plus your metabolism means it’s more dangerous for you.”
“Keeping secrets from me in my own workshop?” Tony asked.
Tony heard shouts and groans and a roar (Hulk) over the comms, but he didn’t think any sounded like pain. “Everyone okay?” The HUD was indicating the armor had been hit by some of the goo, though he hadn’t even felt the impact. “J, analyze composition.”
No chair. No dentist chair that reminds him of
Both soldiers sleep lightly when there’s potential danger in the field, but they sleep like the dead when they’re safe at home. So Tony is left maneuvering himself out from their weighty limbs without them waking enough to even roll over a bit. It’s a tough maneuver, made even more difficult due to trying not to put additional pressure on his full bladder, but eventually he manages to navigate out from between them and he makes it to the toilet just in time.
“See?” he hears Bucky say. “Wasn’t that amazing?”
“No. In this case, it seems you’re the one being bullied.”
“I find you attractive,” Tony said bluntly.
The pained half-smile/half-grimace the alien gave him was eerie to see, so familiar but on the wrong face.  “I’m glad.”
“No.”
Tony looked up from staring at the percolating pot, seeming almost surprised to see someone else in the room with him. “Oh. Hi.”
“Forever an’ ever,” Tony said firmly.
Then she stopped as Iron Man soared over the edge of the roof, coming to land beside Bucky, aiming a repulser at the woman. “Stay right there,” Tony commanded, then addressed Bucky, “You okay? You signaled, is this woman a threat?”
Cap says,
After a short time, Bucky returned, looking a little relieved to see Tony still there. “Okay! I’m here, I’m not ignoring you, and I’m not choking or holding half-chewed plum. Let’s do this.”
“Nice to meet you, Tony.”
Suddenly, there was a voice to his left.  “Is this seat taken?”
“So if you aren’t here to kill me, why are you here?” the dragon asked.
The return home was nothing like Steve expected.
Tony wasn’t born with a soulmark like everyone else.
Clint starts to snicker and Natasha steps on his foot to shut him up.
When Tony agreed to put his resources toward finding the wayward Winter Soldier, Steve hesitated. “You should probably know some things before you agree...”
he didn’t add.
Bucky shrugged the shoulder with the empty sleeve. “Not a lot of people looking to hire a one-armed ex-soldier. Only reason I’m not on the street is I’m bunking with a friend, but he doesn’t have much either.”
Content warnings: Mention of divorce (Tony/Pepper), no cheating but feelings toward someone while in a monogamous relationship with someone else.
But then Tony spotted the voice’s apparent owner--a short, skinny blond kid, tiny fists raised threateningly. “I said leave him alone,” the kid repeated.
“I’m sure I don’t want to know,” Steve replies dryly, but adds, “Let’s get you to a bathroom to get the wound cleaned.”
Steve squeezes his eyes shut. Shock had momentarily eclipsed his humiliation, but now it’s back a hundredfold. “...the guy who met his soulmate while throwing up on him? Yep, that’s me, apparently.”
The biting tone stings, but not as much as the knowledge that Tony
“If you truly do not want them here any longer, I can return the storelskas to Nidavellir.” It’s not the first time Thor’s made the offer, and everyone knows it’s never going to be accepted.
“Asgardian mead.”
“It’s my choice to risk it.”
“And what if she’d cast something else instead? Hurt you?”
Maybe Steve had always made Tony miserable.
“I’m fine,” Steve assures him, and it’s true.
“They took the risks, knowing the stakes?”
Steve looks out at the vast emptiness, tiny pinpricks of light in an endless dark. It’s a sight that once brought him excitement, the thrill of unknown adventures, but now just fills him with a sense of hollowness and loss, emphasizing his isolation.
Instead, Tony simply greeted, “How can I help you? Need that fixed, or wanting to sell it?” He nodded at the radio.
“Uh, did I say I couldn’t smell it? I think it’s coming through now. Yep, ugh, that’s disgusting.”
Tony looked down at it. “Um. Apparently?”
“Where did you get this?” he breathes, and Maria’s ghostly fingers hover around his arms, his hair, his face, trying to offer comfort she can’t physically give.
Steve blinks, heart suddenly pounding at that statement. “You want to kiss me?” he asks.
“But you think I’m disgusting,” Steve blurts out, wincing.
So he sees Jarvis’ surprise, but no disgust or anger. “I see.”
Before Steve could say anything more, he dropped lower into the water and turned away.
won’t be involved.
Then he hears the helicopter.
A thrill ran through Tony. He couldn’t wait to learn more about this incredible, complicated man. “Great!” he said. “How about I pick you up Friday at 7? I’ll even bring my own coat this time.”
He winces as pain shoots through his shoulder, but tries to hide it, quickly smiling at his boyfriend. “Hey, sunshine, wanna see the upgrades I’m working on?”
He takes a deep breath and raises his head. She’s right. Peggy, the Ancient One, they’re right. He needs to respect the sacrifices of the people he loves, not dwell on how the losses hurt him. “Yeah. He’s... the thing is, Tony was always willing to make the sacrifice play, even if I told him otherwise when--” he glances at his wristband, “Well, about three hours ago in this time, I guess.”
Bucky’s eyes widened. “What?”
Still hanging from the line close to the boat, it suddenly stopped flopping. Then one of the small beads--were those pearls?--that functioned as eyes turned to look at them, and a mournful warble emitted from it.
Then, from his left, a huge reptilian form emerged.
Tony swallows. He thinks of Aunt Peggy’s story of listening to Steve’s promise of a dance even as he deliberately crashed another plane, decades before Tony was born. He thinks of his dad, spending so much time away from his family while searching for a man the world believed long dead. He thinks of Steve’s teary-eyed account of watching from a train as Bucky plummeted to an icy canyon, a fall no normal human being could have survived.
Tony shrugged again and left.
He directs the suit to change position so warmth is focused directly toward Bucky’s shoulder. It takes a minute to warm the fabric of the blanket and clothes, but Tony feels some tension leave Bucky as he sighs gratefully. “Thanks, Tony.”
“Okay, that’s good, I’m glad you’re not upset about it. And yeah--it’ll work at really long distances, and through most materials, but... if you’re ever away and it’s not lit, don’t assume the worst, okay? Certain kinds of interference could block it, or--hell, our lives are strange, I could end up on another planet or something, and it’s not going to work if I’m literal lightyears away, okay? So don’t freak out if it isn’t on, but it really should work most of the time.”
“Why?” Tony demanded.
Instead, the mirror showed a skinny, almost delicate blond man, who appeared several years younger than Tony, though he wasn’t the child Tony had first thought. He was clean-shaven, with no trace of Tony’s carefully trimmed beard. The man’s shirt and trousers were simple and ragged, and looked a style that hadn’t been common in this area for several decades at least.
Before Steve can put on a happy face and give the answer of ‘your mommy, of course,’ he hears footsteps behind him.
“Wow,” Steve says, “Soon you’ll be taller than your dad!”
My needs at this point are to care for you and to get you what you need to recover. What do you need?”
When he’s facing his holographic designs again, he hears Steve come up behind him, feels arms come around his waist. Steve’s hands come to hold Tony’s left arm in place, leaving his right arm still mostly mobile, and Steve’s face rests besides Tony’s ear, murmuring, “Is this okay?”
“Tony, is he really worth this?” Rhodes asked.
The eerie light of pre-dawn, combined with the layer of fog over the ground, made for a bleak setting as Tony slowly climbed the hill, flanked by his best friend and a doctor he barely knew.
That tread was familiar. He knew who was passing by, and they weren’t Hydra.
There’s a pause, then Tony responds,
“I don’t like bullies,” Steve answered, not drawing his sword.
Until he saw the man transforming before his eyes.
“This duel is happening, Rhodey. Are you going to be my second or do I need to find someone else?”
Well, he didn’t, not really.  He didn’t know who he’d be looking for, and would just have to wait for them to come to him.
“Something like that. You haven’t seen...?” The man’s eyes moved from Bucky to Steve to the mechanical fish Steve was still clutching--that had now started squirming. “There you are, Dummy, you piece of flotsam, always getting yourself into trouble.” Was he talking to the robot fish?
“Thank you.  My name is Rick, Rick Lindon.”
“What in the heavens are you doing? Are you a
Steve blinked. That shot hadn’t come from Bucky beside him, from Clint in the
It seemed like he’d barely blinked when Steve was standing right in front of him, no longer holding his weapon. The determination on the other man’s face was gone, replaced by an agonized expression. “You wanted me to kill you,” the other man said in a pained whisper.
When the storm starts that night, Tony asks JARVIS where Steve is. Unsurprised by the answer, he grabs an umbrella and heads to the roof.
Tony looked up to see a slender guy in an Iron Man t-shirt and bright green hair.  The smile on his face was shy, nervous, hopeful--and familiar.
Bucky uses what he learns from the amazing things Tony builds.
“Tony,” Bucky greeted, but still got no response. He approached his boyfriend, calling his name again. “Tony, sweetheart, I’m home.”
On Christmas morning, an arc reactor atop the tree shone down upon the scene of a team, a family, sharing gifts, laughter, and love.
The shot had come from the pistol in Tony’s hand.
“Legend says you grew up in a circus.” (“True.”) (Tony argues that this answer is wrong, because it suggests that Clint actually grew up.)
Steve all but collapses into the control chair, overwhelmed by the relief of hearing that familiar voice. It takes a moment for him to compose himself, during which Tony repeats his message, before Steve manages to hit the button to send a response. And even then, all that comes out is a breathy, “
Steve jogged over to them, tossing the ball from hand to hand. “Tell you what, Tony. You get three solid hits in a row during each practice until the game, and the day of the game I’ll wear that underwear you got me as a joke for my birthday.”
Steve closes his eyes, trying to rein in the anger and fear at what Tony did.
“Can’t sleep without you,” Tony murmured, pressing his face into Bucky’s chest.
. But it had been amazing and he didn’t even pass out, so he has to admit he thinks his heart is fine now and it’s not his health that has him concerned. “Okay, yeah, it’s fine, I just... skydiving doesn’t have all those turns. You know I get motion sick, what if I throw up on you?”
After a moment of tense silence, Dad asked, “Well, aren’t you going to take a look at your gift?” While Peter still felt like he was on the verge of being grounded for all eternity, there was a hint of a genuine smile on Dad’s face.
“According to Barnes, he still loves you.”
In addition to the couch, the room included an armchair, a rocking chair, and a coffee table. Steve wanted to be warmer, so he cuddled up next to Bucky before the other man could lie down again and claim the whole couch. Bucky grumbled for a moment, but then relaxed, pulling Steve closer in to snuggle.
“I know, doll. But I’ll be okay, really.” He looks at his burger. It tasted great, and he really would like to finish it. “I just need to find a way to save this for tomorrow without Steve or Thor getting to it.”
He nods. Both are painfully true.
again, but... he can talk to Tony again. “It won’t disrupt your time too much for me to do that?”
As it was, in wolf form, Bucky saw the flashing feathers and thought
“What’s this?” He sets his book aside and takes the bottle. He doesn’t recognize the alphabet or the image on the label.
The Winter Soldier had killed Tony’s parents. That was a shocking discovery, and Tony had to lock himself away in the workshop for three days to try to come to terms with that.
“I can assure him the storelskas will not harm anyone,” Thor states, both he and Clint looking disappointed at the thought they might not be able to keep the animals.
“Huh?” The confusion on Tony’s face makes it obvious Steve did not guess correctly about the reason for the invitation. “Oh, uh, thanks,” Tony recovers, “I really appreciate that, Steve.”
“Yes to the date,” Steve clarified. Tony turned back to see his face had transformed back from righteous anger to awkward shyness.
“I left to help my friend. I wanted to come back to my lover. I didn’t know you thought I loved him. I should have explained better before I left, should never have let it come to this. I’m sorry.”
Peggy’s words from so long ago drift through his mind:
The stone Strange gave up five years ago (or six years from now) to save Tony’s life, so Tony could sacrifice himself later, when it really mattered, when it saved the entire universe.
“Holy shit,” he said, then shouted back into the apartment, “Hey, punk, you didn’t say the soaked businessman you saved from becoming a popsicle was Tony Fuckin’ Stark!” Then he turned back to Tony. “Uh, sorry, come in, I guess, Steve’s here, I’ll just...”
“You’d better sit down, Steve,” she said.
Steve made a sound, immediately cut off. Tony finally looked at him, but the blue eyes only showed determination. “Fine. Dawn.”
“Nothing serious, and I’m all the better since hearing your murder strut coming to my rescue,” Tony grinned.
I tried, but nothing non-Christmasy came to me for this prompt, so this sap happened.
The ball flew right back to Steve, who caught it easily.
It’s the first time Steve has really laughed since waking up from the ice.
It’s a charity gala, there should be no need to be on guard for an attack.
The surprised soldier swung his rifle to point at Tony, then immediately lowered it. “Tony!” Simultaneously relieved and worried eyes scanned his body. “Are you okay? Did they hurt you?”
He leapt.
“Whoa, Stevie, what--” Bucky seemed to notice the problem. “Why are there only settings for two?”
, but if he did want someone else, Tony is sure he would have the decency to break up with him before doing anything.
Tony snatched the basket away before the archer could grab one, and glared hard at him.
, Tony. You’re not supposed to be moving your shoulder, or it could get worse instead of better.”
this?” Tony turned back to look back at Bucky, whose biceps also looked really good, though the catcher’s gear hid more of his physique.
“Mm-hmm...” Steve murmured, already starting to drift, not to sleep, but to a comfortable doze where the only things that existed were Tony’s fingers stroking his head.
“Yeah,” Bucky agreed, “I’m realizing that now.” He winced. “Sorry.”
An amazed smile broke over Tony’s face. “God, Steve, I love you, too.”
“What the hell was that back there, Cap?”
“It was my pleasure,” Tony responded sincerely. “I must say, you seem utterly enchanting.”
“No, it won’t. Nothing will, unless we master time travel. But if there are little things we can do to make your life here more bearable, then I want to do them.”
But afterward, in the quinjet, Steve goes over to Tony, pauses briefly inches away to give him a chance to move away if he wants to, then presses his lips to Tony’s.
It wasn’t unusual to see Pops down in the workshop with Dad. The serious expressions on their faces when they looked at him, however, were a little concerning.
Steve looked ready to go chase after the guy, who hadn’t seemed to even notice what he’d done, but Tony put one hand on his arm, still holding his half-demolished cone in the other. “No, it’s fine! I don’t want you getting in a fight on our first date, even if he was a jerk.”
Post-WWII AU.
Steve felt his legs nearly give out in relief, and when Tony finally reached him, Steve fell into his embrace. “You’re okay.”
“Because I was hurt and needed help. And Stark told him if he left, not to come back. But we’re not like that.”
His mouth opens, then closes as he seems to reconsider what he’s going to say. Then, in a sudden rush, he blurts, “PepperandIaregettingadivorce.”
He opens his eyes to see Yinsen standing before him, chest bloody yet standing as though uninjured.
Tony’s mouth opened, his eyes looked almost frantic, but it was several seconds before he spoke, “I knew you wanted each other, I didn’t want to get in the way of that. What I want isn’t important.”
Tony’s smile turned playful. “Among other things. Come, see my forge...”
Bucky smirked. “We won
Bringing him a gift sounded like a great idea, but something in Steve’s face made Bucky suspicious. He followed Steve’s intent gaze not to a shop selling overpriced souvenirs or artery-clogging goodies, but to a game booth. It was the one with cans stacked in pyramids that needed to be knocked over to win, and a man had apparently just failed to do so, much to the disappointment of his girlfriend.
He’d written a letter for Rhodey to deliver, after.
Static squealed for a moment but then the clear sound of an announcer came out lout and clear, “--first game back since--”
Steve lets himself feel some relief at that, though there’s still a niggle of guilt that probably won’t ever go away. More importantly, “I need to know that you’ll tell me whenever that’s not true.”
Steve felt relief shudder through him, saw Bucky’s sigh and grin suggesting he felt the same.
“Don’t go,” Tony pleaded, hoping the last Bucky stayed.
“Two more days for what? Tony...” Now there was an edge in Steve’s voice as he started to stand.
feelings, not his.
“Not your fault,” Tony murmured, leaning a little into Bucky, who tried very hard not to think about the fact that they were both naked. “Animal side takes over, I get it, it’s...” He trailed off.
Steve barely catches him in time as he passes out.
The pause is almost undetectable. Almost. “Zero.”
“Then you leave me no choice. Duel. Pistols. Dawn.”
“Have a good date?” he asked, gradually noticing they both had one hand behind their back.
Bruce looks sadder at that, and Steve feels sorry for inflicting his pain on the other man--this is why he’d never intended to tell anyone. “Steve, it doesn’t have to be. You should talk to someone. A therapist.”
“The costumes are really great, Bruce,” Natasha concurs, “But they’re just the first part of the plan.”
Steve peers into the cage, curious at first, then his face softens into the expression he usually wears when Tony falls asleep on him during movie night. The two creatures are curled up together on a pillow inside the cage, but the Iron Man storelska has lifted its top half to look up at Steve, displaying the tiny blue button representing the arc reactor. Natasha could not possibly have planned its timing any better, and she mentally thanks the animal for playing along so perfectly as she sees Steve’s heart melt even more.
Tony closes his eyes again and nods.
No wonder Tony had seemed so out of it. Steve shut off the coffee machine again. “That’s it, I’m cutting you off.”
No part of him had considered that Steve was contemplating revealing that he was a shapeshifting alien who had been sent as part of a planetary invasion two months before their first date.
So he watched Tony with the others. Watched his exchanges with Clint during sparring bouts returning from bitterness to friendly banter. Watched his light-hearted bickering with Scott during movie night, his vehement agreement with Wanda over the ridiculousness of a plot hole.
The man’s eyebrows are up, but he doesn’t look hurt. “No, that’s... that’s really fine, Steve, I’d rather know than make something you hate. What about... enchiladas?”
love anymore.”
Steve felt something tickle the back of his throat. He tried to clear it, then coughed, covering his mouth with his left hand.
“Umm...? That sounds like a yes, young lady.”
Each time it happened, he told himself it didn’t matter, but he still kept checking, kept his tally of when it appeared and when it disappeared, hoping to one day figure out the pattern.
mean I’m going to do anything to make you need to safeword.” Tony relaxes at that. “I just want you to use it sometimes when you don’t
“Yeah, come on, Petey,” Tony tried to coax their son toward the door. “Papa doesn’t like the cold, remember?”
“Nice jump!” Steve congratulated, and Peter turned a little pink.
Right now, Steve’s knee is pressing on his bladder and pinning his lower half, while Bucky’s beautiful metal arm is draped over Tony’s chest.
And then he was coughing, choking on the bit of plum he must have inhaled.
He’s spit the cereal back in the bowl before even thinking about it, grateful no one else was around to see that. But shit, he’s not better. And now it’s obvious it’s not his jaw that’s injured, it’s his teeth. Or maybe it had been both, but his jaw got better first? He feels around with his tongue and--ow, yeah, there are some small jagged edges that shouldn’t feel like that.
Steve furrowed his brow. “Work?” The device seemed obviously portable, so why would Tony specify that it would work even if they were apart?
“Saved me without taking the blast for me this time? I like it.” Tony’s voice is casual, but his eyes are serious.
He realizes that Honest Tony is... nice. That the bluster and cockiness and insulting humor is all a front to hide his true self. Steve figures he might find the pompous facade just as frustrating once Tony’s back to normal, but... now he’ll know that he actually likes the man underneath.
“Ned?” he asked, a sinking feeling in the pit of his stomach, as his coworkers around him started getting the equipment ready.
“Indeed, it is a most unpleasant odor,” Thor concurred.
One of the loud men at the bar looked over at Steve, and down at the sword on his belt. “Hey, stranger, you look like a strong fighter. You here to give it a go?”
Tony held perfectly still in the janitor’s closet, waiting for the sound of footsteps to pass.
“Steve is bullheaded and stands by what he thinks is right. He didn’t want to leave for good. He... he still loves Stark.”
“Sorry, I didn’t--” Steve starts to pull his hand away, but Tony tightens his grip, using it to pull Steve closer, using his other hand to clasp the front of Steve’s shirt (his dress shirt, because he hadn’t bothered changing, though he’d removed his jacket) and drag him until he was almost falling into the hospital bed.
Perhaps he would pay this dragon a visit.
“Not fair!” was what came out when Tony finally found words.
“I’m Tony.”
They stopped, turned around, and fired.
“Yes,” Tony answers immediately, and looks a little relieved at the change of subject. “She said ‘until morning’s light’, so... dawn, apparently.”
“Steve made a choice. Stark’s the one who thought it needed to come to this.”
Tony continued to stare, then steeled himself. “Doesn’t matter. He still left me.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Consider that repair your interview, I’ve been needing an assistant around here.” Pepper had been nagging him about getting one, anyway, insisting that since she kept his books she knew better than he did what he needed and could afford, and one of the things she thought he needed was more time away from the shop. Which he couldn’t do when there was no one else to run the place.
Tony nestles under the blanket along Steve’s back, earning a pleased groan from the blond, his first acknowledgement of Tony’s arrival. But Tony notices that, while Bucky seems to be trying to help arrange the blanket for the three of them, he’s only using his right arm to do it.
“Uncle Steve!” He’s greeted by a bundle of energy charging toward him before he’s even off the bike.
Tony told himself he felt nothing about either emotion--they weren’t real, anyway, no more real than the relationship he’d thought...
“He didn’t want to be involved,” Steve whispers, and tears start flowing again, but at least the sobs don’t return. “He was happy with his life, with his wife and daughter. He didn’t want to risk changing anything, and then he was the one who paid the price. He didn’t want...” Steve swallows hard around the lump in his throat.
Bucky watched from the roof as a dozen suits made their way back to the Tower. Their enemy hadn’t been difficult, just numerous, so the Iron Legion had helped.
“I was, thank
“‘Course, fine, why wouldn’t I be?” Peter stammered, shifting the ball between hands again. He looked down at it, a concerned expression on his face. “But, uh, I just remembered I’m supposed to meet up with MJ to study for the Decathalon, so--yeah. This was fun, though, thanks, Pops!”
Steve figured he could probably ask JARVIS. Or... he could use this as an excuse to go ask the person who’d most likely ordered the delivery.
“Buck!” he shouted, jerking upright and gripping his rod tighter, the sudden movements jostling their small boat. “What do I do?”
So the armor was sparkling clean like he’d been through a car wash (though the one time he’d actually tried that it had gone... poorly) when he landed on the tower platform and walked through the removal mechanisms. The t-shirt and jeans he’d been wearing underneath weren’t exactly clean, but they only had one day’s worth of sweat and grease from the workshop, so they weren’t the worst they’d ever been, either.
“It’s a combination, actually--right now, it’s just their own programming guiding them back, a simple return procedure. During battle, JARVIS makes most of the decisions, while I’ll sometimes take over control for more complicated moves.” Tony looked pleased Bucky had thought to ask the question.
“Huh.” He supposes it could dull the pain a bit, where normal painkillers fail him. Maybe if he drinks the right amount he’ll be able to eat real food for dinner.
Bucky wonders if JARVIS told him about their conversation. “It’s fine. It’ll get better.”
“More or less,” Steve confessed. “And I’m here for you. That is, if you want to come with me.” He was prepared to accept that Tony may not have held onto the feelings they’d shared so many years ago, but when he’d learned of this opportunity he’d had to take the chance.
Tony nods. “Fair’s fair. Ask away.”
Sam’s candy-cane-shaped gingerbread cookies, on the other hand, had all been eaten within hours of appearing on the tree.
Bucky guarded their exit, waving the hook of his left arm as he quipped cheerfully, “Better get that wound looked at soon, don’t want it to get infected!” before following.
Heart pounding, he accepts the incoming hail.
If he survived.
--widen in what Steve imagines is a reflection of his own shock. “Holy shit, are you...?”
The target gets away.
“See, it’s not that--” Tony cuts himself off, swaying slightly. “Shit.”
People thought it was because of all his years in the ice, but he honestly didn’t really remember his time frozen in the Valkyrie. He did remember the icy cold the day Bucky had fallen from the train, so that could be the reason. Or maybe the couple of winters in his childhood where he had almost died, wracked with fever and chills as his Ma pulled together miracles to save him.
First, a string of lights... which were all purple. It should have looked silly, which was probably Clint’s intent, but Tony had to admit it looked kind of pretty.
Tony’s eyes widened. “You--!” He cut himself off, took a deep breath, then slowly let it out. “Honey, I love you, and I love that you thought of me, but maybe next time just take a picture instead of bringing an alien organism back and then leaving it unattended
“Hey,” Tony murmurs, reaching out a hand to brush Bucky’s hair back soothingly, “It’s okay. You’re not going anywhere, they’re coming here. You can stay right where you are.” He taps the recliner.
Tony flew in the suit to a small apartment in Romania. Then he stepped out, had JARVIS stay on sentry mode in an alley nearby, and knocked on the door.
“Are you here to kill me?” a quiet, husky voice asked. It was calm, curious, not accusing or fearful.
“Tony.” Steve pulled his lover in close, kissing first his lips, then the spot on Tony’s arm where a transmitter apparently rested. “It’s wonderful. It’s a little over-the-top, but that’s
Steve looked down, gathering strength, then met Tony’s eyes. “I spent a lot of time in bed as a kid, sick or hurt. I hated how sad my mom got, how helpless she felt when she couldn’t do anything. So I did my best to be okay, or to seem okay, at least. What was the point in both of us feeling bad, when there was nothing she could do?
Tony stood back up (only a little unsteadily) and grinned at Bucky. “Laser pointer.”
He doesn’t like the sound of that. “What did you do, Tony?” Steve demands.
“Good, wan’ you to stay with me forever.”
Tony snorts, and Steve frowns. “Steve, darling, I know you try to rock the humble ‘just a kid from Brooklyn’ look, but you do want to show off.” Before Steve can protest, Tony continues, “You hide it because you don’t want other people to feel bad about themselves, but you do
Tony wanted to say.  Except he could remember at least three times in the past month when Steve--well,
Steve started to shake his head. “Nevermind, you don’t--”
Anyway.  None of it was real.
His first thought--some sort of magical defense system, of course, he really should have knocked--is waylaid when he puts a hand on the floor and realizes it’s slippery. It’s just been waxed.
So Tony’s hallucinating now. Wonderful.
Steve grudgingly follows.
Tony grinned sheepishly. “Oops?”
,” and then there’s a cold sensation as she moves to occupy his space, and then his hand is moving down, but he’s not the one moving it.
It takes Tony about a week to piece things together. As a genius, he knows he should’ve figured it out sooner, but in his defense, it’s not exactly an ordinary thing to suspect.
Steve knows how close Tony is to those two. He thinks of Bucky, of Peggy... “I don’t have people like that anymore.”
James startles slightly to see Iron Man standing motionless in the corner.
“You are absolutely right,” Tony agrees, tapping her on the nose and making her giggle. “So, are you spoiling Daddy’s surprises?”
“...yeah,” Peter breathed, shaken by the enormity of this. Instead of having to hide his web-swinging crime fighting from his parents, he had their support, including a brand new suit with Dad’s tech to help him. Instead of fearing the thought of calling in the Avengers when things got tough because someone might recognize him, he could have backup any time he needed it. “I mean, yes, I’ll call you in if I need help.” He swallowed. “...Thank you. For the suit, and for not taking this away from me.”
But one thing was wrong, and when he noticed it Steve stopped so abruptly Bucky walked into him.
“For what happened in Siberia. For not having told you about your parents the moment I found out.”
Tony’s tirade at JARVIS, Thor, and Clint (Bruce seems to have disappeared, surely wanting to avoid the argument potentially getting heated) slowly peters out as he finally notices his boyfriend communing with the offending animals. The “armored” one has now crawled up into Steve’s hand, and he brings it up to his face to touch their noses together.
Now a real smile grew on Tony’s face as he got the reaction he’d been hoping for the first time, an excited boyfriend jumping up to grab the gift Tony had gotten him.
Rhodes heart was pounding, seeing a way out of the destruction Tony had sought. “So can’t he just apologize?”
Steve stares, first in confusion as he tries to parse the sentence, then in shock as he realizes the meaning. “Oh,” he says unintelligently.
“I may have missed something in the programming,” Bucky admitted, pouting at the open door.
The heady relief nearly makes him drop out of the sky before he regains control and lands mostly gracefully beside them.
“O... kay,” Tony agrees, and obeys (like he always does, except for the times when Tony knows his way is better, which is probably more often than Steve would like).
“I know, you’ve said that, and I know you’d never hurt me. Now let me see.”
“You are not taking my husband, I
the deprogramming had worked, they’d tested it, the trigger was totally neutralized.
“I hate when you do things like that.” Steve swallows. “I don’t want to lose you.”
“Second, the anklet is a special elastic I made that accounts for shifting. Haven’t figured out how to make clothes out of it yet, though I’ve been told I have no shame so it’s not exactly a priority. The anklet’s good for situations like this where I need help getting home, though. Help should be here in about twenty minutes.”
“You call us when you need us,” Dad said, voice now firm and eyes pinning Peter’s. “Any time a situation might possibly become too much for you. You don’t wait and see, you call us in right away. Your AI can interface with JARVIS and get us details.”
Instead, Tony’s brow crinkled for a moment, his lips pursed in the start of a question. Then, after a second, it smoothed out, into recognition. Steve waited for a comment like
The woman gives him a look of grim satisfaction.
His son, though...
“Okay, you supersoldiers are supposed to be digging in right now and replacing all your battle energy. Something wrong with the burger?” Tony keeps his voice low, leaving the others to their more boisterous conversation.
There are some “sure”s and at least one “hell yeah”, but Steve’s answer is an awkward, “No, I hate curry.”
The next two pitches, Tony hit a foul, then another straight back at Steve.
Tony shrugged, climbing in beside Steve. “J said you were waking up a lot, then checking on me... I guessed it was because you’d gotten used to the arc reactor.”
But when Steve did finally fall asleep, he slept straight through the night, comforted by the soothing glow that meant all was right with his world.
Tony can’t figure out the pattern of his soulmark, until he does.
Steve snaps back to himself and sees Tony’s waggling eyebrows and mischievous grin. “That’s... You are trying to get me to change the subject.”
No, Tony didn’t love his husband. He’d known true love once, but a son of nobility like Tony Stark would never have been permitted to wed a servant boy like Steve Rogers. So instead he’d been married off to Tiberius Stone and whisked away to the nobleman’s elaborate homestead, likely never to see his dear Steve again.
“Still the hopeless romantic.” Tony pulled him in for a deep kiss, ignoring the whistles and cheers of the crew around them.
“Well, time to work on your strategy, then,” Steve suggested, packing a light ball and throwing it squarely in Nat’s face.
Tony reaches out to take his hand. “It’s okay to be nervous. A lot of people have a fear of dentists.”
The suit opens and adjusts position to send some warm air toward them from an angle the fire’s heat doesn’t reach. It’s not nearly as efficient as warming the armor’s wearer, but it’s something.
When the enemy you’re fighting explodes, the result can be... unpleasant.
Frustrated, he pauses in his ever-expanding circle of their last known coordinates, hovering over the treetops and letting his faceplate and one gauntlet slide back so he can brush away the pointless tears.
“Hey, babe, got you something,” Tony said casually as he approached the couch, basket in hand.
“Well, as I said, I don’t believe that’s appropriate for school. But the fact that it was two boys? No. I believe that as long as two people care about each other, and no one is getting hurt... what they do in private should be no one’s business but their own.”
A freezing walk to a remote cabin, then warming up.
Bucky made it further in than him, but then seemed to collapse face-first on the couch Steve could see in the main room. Steve also saw a fireplace, but was disappointed at the lack of a fire.
The clanging stopped.
Tony loves sleeping in Steve and Bucky’s bed, in the middle of his super soldier sandwich.
As Steve hears the high-pitched whine that means the weapon is almost at full charge, he puts on an extra burst of speed, slams hard into the armor, and hurls them both to the ground as the blast surges through the air just above them.
“Hey, Dad, what’s up?” Peter asked as he entered the workshop, where JARVIS had summoned him. “Oh, hi, Pops...”
Except... this seemed to be just one pair of footsteps. Maybe he could take a single Hydra agent, if he could spray them in the eyes with the bottle of bleach before they got off a shot.
As he started turning to go, Bruce pulled him back for a tight hug.
Natasha proposes the game a few days after the team (minus Thor, who’s still in Asgard) moves into the newly-branded Avengers Tower, when Steve nearly blows up at Clint for joking Cap would “turn him in” for driving over the speed limit.
“Thank god... no, sweetheart, you didn’t do anything, just... What’s the last thing you remember?” One of Tony’s hands was on Bucky’s shoulder, the other on his knee as he crouched in front of the sofa in the common room. Behind him, the television screen was off.
“You never actually asked, but--yes, Tony, I’d love to.”
He doesn’t know the last time he’s laughed.
“Oh, crap,” he said, then looked back at Tony, “I’m so sorry.”
“Let’s talk.” The woman is looking out the window of the one-room safehouse. “I know who you are, Bucky Barnes.”
“I understand. This is just... it’s amazing, Tony. Thank you so much.” He leaned in for a deep kiss, which Tony returned whole-heartedly.
Not answering immediately, Tony reaches out to give the hologram a spin, picks out a piece to manipulate one-handed, and makes a tweak. He can feel his left arm wanting to come up and help out, but Steve’s warm hands are firm, holding it immobile, preventing him from shifting his injured shoulder in the slightest.
“Yeah, big guy, in just a couple minutes the quinjet’ll be here and we’ll go home.”
“Yeah, do over, let’s go.” Suddenly there was a lump in Tony’s throat, the (he presumed) normal emotion of the moment finally catching up to him.
COF-E did not, however, close the bedroom door after leaving.
The Skrull took a deep breath and let it out.  “Because it means you’re safe.”
Steve flashed back for a moment, almost feeling the swing of his arms bringing his shield down into Tony’s chest. “That was... it was defense. He was going to kill--but I took it too far.”
The shock of the cold air helps refresh him, while at the same time reminding him that even
“Nat!” Clint greets her before she can ask. “Look what Thor brought me from Asgard!”
He does.
The two exchanged a glance, then Pops said, “No,” at the same time Dad said, “Jury’s out.”
Tony licks his lips, eyeing Steve’s. “Have I mentioned my girl’s a genius?”
He tried not to let on that he’d awoken, but he couldn’t help letting out a whimper as they entered a doorway and he saw it.
The thought of what his death--or his return to the Winter Soldier--would do to Tony hurt Bucky more than the idea of death itself.
“They?”
Right. They’d been watching a movie. “The, uh, furry creatures were attacking the stormtroopers, and winning somehow...” It had reminded him a little of Stevie taking on guys twice his size back in the thirties. “You were sitting on the floor, and I was running my fingers through your hair...” He tried to remember what happened next, but he couldn’t, which scared him.
Tony obeyed, though he stared forlornly the whole time at the basket that had not at all been living up to his expectations.
Tony looks back at Steve, who is now smiling his ‘I’ve won, but you shouldn’t feel bad about it’ smile. “They can stay,” Tony agrees.
“I--” Tony nods, but says unconvincingly, “It’s fine.”
The legend is not the man.
At that moment there was a yelp, and Spider-Man went from swinging around the doll to falling quite rapidly.
When the door to the third-floor apartment opened, the brunet man who answered looked at Tony, eyes wide, then noticed the coat he was carrying.
Tony looked between the two of them, wide-eyed, like he still couldn’t believe this was happening.
It feels like cold water’s been thrown over him. “No! No dentist.”
Tony froze, then looked up from the wine he’d been pouring.
Unfortunately, Tony does.
“That was me protecting my team,” Steve answers calmly, then asks, “Are you okay? You were pinned pretty solidly there. Did the suit hold up, or are you injured in there?”
Before Tony could answer, there was an electronic whine followed by a small blast from the other end of the workshop, then a squeal.
“Been trying to hide the fact that you’re ‘worthy’, huh?” Tony asks, raising his voice slightly to be heard over the rain, though it seems to be diminishing now that Steve isn’t channeling the lightning. (He wonders what determines whether rain joins the lightning and thunder, considering it’s not always raining when Thor is fighting, but decides that’s a question for another time.)
Tony, however, seemed to have plenty of energy, pulling the backpack off of Steve’s back as he stood there. “I’ll take care of this, go on inside, and take off your coat and boots and everything.”
“And if for some reason you feel you can’t call us,” Pops added, to which Dad made a face, “You call someone else on the team. I’d like to think you can come to us about anything,” and wow, there was Pops’ guilt-trip-inducing face, “But if you can’t, I’d rather you ask Aunt Nat for help and have her never breathe a word of it to us, than for you to get in over your head by yourself. Got it?”
The small blond shrugged. “A businessman having a rough day?”
A stranger’s arms stop him from hitting the ground.
“I don’t suppose you could just forget all of that ever happened?” Tony asked hopefully, wishing the hospital bed would come alive and consume him whole.
Then Bucky smiled, and all the failures of the last few minutes no longer mattered.
“Forever, huh?” Bucky raised his eyebrows. There was something weird in his expression.
But what really drew Tony in were the eyes. While the reflection’s facial features moved as Tony’s did, there was a depth of emotion in the blue eyes that didn’t match his, something defiant yet resigned.
After the snowball fight (eventually declared a truce if only because no one was actually keeping score), they built a snowman (an Iron-Snow-Man, Peter insisted on, making it an “arc reactor” with a disc-shaped rock he’d found nearby), went sledding on a short but sufficiently steep hill (though Steve refused to let Tony use his shield as a sled), and made snow angels (Clint giving Tony’s “devil horns”, which nearly led to Snowball War II).
He’d planned to let Steve discover it later, but the small blond man noticed the envelope in the pocket right away. “What’s this?” He opened it, and his eyes widened when he saw the check. “Tony, no. I didn’t help you to try to get money.”
“What did I do?” he asked, icy dread growing in the pit of his stomach. Had he reverted to the Winter Soldier programming again? Hurt someone?
“Tony,” Steve called after him, but his boyfriend didn’t stop, and Steve made no effort to follow him.
Bucky frowned, holding Tony’s hand tightly. “But you won’t make it back.”
By allowing his body to be transformed--temporarily--back into the frail, skinny weakling he’d been before Erskine’s serum.
“Tony Stark, will you marry me?”
Tony wondered which of the Buckys was holding him. He realized his eyes had closed. The dark inside of his eyelids seemed to be spinning, which was even more disorienting than when the world did it, so he opened his eyes and looked up.
Still looking confused, the man named a couple of items that Tony knew he had lying around and weren’t all that costly.
Steve can handle seeing Tony happy with his family when their mutual found family is around. It’s harder to cope when he has to see that domestic bliss on his own. Tony seems to know it, too, and the occasional apologetic looks he gives somehow make Steve feel even worse. Their brief fling before Tony and Pepper got back together was years ago, but Steve just can’t let go of his feelings for Tony.
Steve shrugs. “It’s just the way it is.”
“Then Clint would’ve shot her, and even if that would’ve been too late for me, I was hoping the threat would be enough to stop her from trying. Which it was.”
“It wasn’t
Tony waits outside the principal’s office, kicking his legs and trying to decide if he’s relieved Jarvis is the one who came in instead of his dad. His mom is off on some retreat in Italy, so he’d thought his dad would come in, and there would definitely have been yelling in that case. Jarvis won’t yell, but... Tony hates when he disappoints the butler, more than he hates upsetting his dad.
“Thank you,” Steve whispers, “For bringing him home, for coming home. I love you both so much.”
Tony’s right that it’s terrifying to show vulnerability. But he’s also right that sharing it with people... helps. The fact that it’s mutual sharing helps, too.
“No.” Steve’s answer startles both of them. “Uh. That is, you should go if you want to.”
Suddenly he stops walking and turns to face Steve.
Steve smiled. “Put my number in your phone, call me if you’re still interested when you’ve actually gotten a full eight hours of sleep.”
He was surprised to be greeted with a casual, “Oh, good, you’re here, try this on,” like Tony hadn’t stormed away the last time they’d spoken.
“Would’a been better with you there, doll, but we brought you something.”
But then--the reflection’s gaze drifted down. Tony was looking at “his” reflection’s eyes, but those eyes were directed lower--Tony’s lips?
Steve shakes his head and replies firmly, “You have nothing to be sorry for.”
The man seemed an exceptionally strong swimmer, treading water easily after apparently swimming some distance. He didn’t appear out of breath, but looked a little frantic, dark wet hair plastered to his forehead, expressive eyes scanning the surface until he spotted them.
“You don’t have to tidy up for me,” Tony protested, thinking of the current state of his own office, “I’m just here to give Steve--”
The blushing blond took his hand, giving a surprisingly hard squeeze back. “Steve Rogers. It’s nice to meet you, Tony. Thank you for freeing me.”
Steve doesn’t notice the slivers of light starting to come through the window until Tony interrupts a story Steve’s telling about the Commandos infiltrating an underwater Hydra base to say, “I’m secretly a mermaid.”
R’klin shook his head.  “I don’t expect to get out of here.  I don’t expect you to feel the same way for me, now that you know who--what I really am.”
A month later, Tony sat on a bench in Central Park.  The hot dog he’d bought at his favorite stand sat abandoned beside him.  His stomach would probably reject it if he tried to eat, and besides, he had to keep his eyes peeled.
“Careful,” Bucky reminded him, setting his own rod aside and moving to assist Steve, talking him through the steps he’d demonstrated multiple times but that Steve had not yet had a chance to try out.
Steve is de-serumed, and Tony is pissed.
Tony calms but doesn’t give him much more room to shift, and there’s a momentary pain in Steve’s side as he stretches for the tissue box one-handed. He succeeds, though, and sets the tissues in the small space between them.
“Sure,” Tony agreed dismissively, in a tone that promised at least three new nicknames before the week was up.
But when Loki had claimed that Tony only wanted him for his enhanced body, that he’d never have loved the original Steve Rogers, Steve had been so confident the Asgardian was wrong that he’d agreed to prove it.
Steve turned back to the man. “Have
“So your boy’s gonna apologize and end it without bloodshed, then?”
“Hey, Tony,” Steve said, setting aside the damp cloth he was holding.
Steve drew in a shaky breath, knowing he was on the verge of tears but refusing to give in. “Thanks for finding out for me.”
Tony hovered as Steve hobbled out of the elevator with the single crutch, hovered as Steve made his way to a couch in the common area, and hovered as he sat down. After wheeling the ottoman over for Steve to prop his leg on, Tony gathered about a dozen pillows from the various plush seats and propped them around Steve.
At least he was left alone more often than not, which suited his preferences just fine, and he was permitted to accompany his husband when trading for supplies and wares, some of which Tony could use for his own inventions. If Ty insisted on Tony producing a high volume of creations for him to sell off and brag about, at least Tony enjoyed the act of creating.
“Well,” Jarvis says, clearing his throat, “I must inform you that you are not to use rockets in the direction of your classmates ever again, whatever the reason may be.” His voice is firm, but thankfully, not the disappointment Tony had feared. “Now, as you are not to be in school for the rest of the day, would you like to go get some ice cream?”
“You need to stop doing things like this, Tony,” Steve says quietly, knowing Tony isn’t hearing him anyway. “Stop taking hits meant for me, especially when you’re not even in your armor. Please. I’d rather take a hundred hits myself than lose you.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“I didn’t protect you.”
“But it’s starting to make sense. It’s the
“Of course. I may not like killing, but I’ll be damned if I grow up in my family and this business without knowing how to defend myself,” Toni muttered, sliding the magazine from the pistol to make sure there were still bullets loaded.
“Treasonous,” Howard muttered, glancing towards his guards in the hallway before reaching to close the door between them. He lowered his voice now, hands folded behind his back. “It was unexpected, but it will not go unpunished. I’d be foolish to think that Obadiah would make a move without making sure he has sufficient backup. An army of his own. As of this moment, I am at war with him. But there is still an issue.”
Ty grunted in agreement, returning to the room with a fresh beer in hand. “Apparently, Mark, Linda, and few others are getting cold feet about the new line of products we were hoping to release. We’re going to meet before dinner for a round of presentations, break for food, and then hopefully seal the deal over a few cocktails. Don’t worry, I’ll be home in time for bed,” he rumbled as he stopped behind Toni.
. You cannot feel sorry for someone who just tried to rob you,” Bucky pointed his finger at the blonde, stalking towards him. “We certainly can leave her and we will.”
Toni jerked away from his hand, but she didn’t deny his claims either. Her fingers were tapping a nervous beat against the leather of the steering wheel. “I’m a fucking idiot,” she muttered angrily. “I should have seen it sooner that he was no good. That he was planning something like this or…or
Bucky descended the stairs slowly, leaving the private rooms of the eastern wing for the center of the house. But food was not Bucky’s objective, and he passed up the kitchen in favor of stepping into the lounge. It had been a long day, arguing with Steve and spending the hours afterwards silently fuming, and the only thing Bucky wanted was a stiff drink. The lounge was one of the focal points of the estate, where Steve would entertain close business partners during the day and share drinks with his coworkers and friends during the night. A large rug spanned the hardwood floor, from the bookshelves on one wall to the fireplace on the other side. Two couches faced each other in the center, separated by a mahogany coffee table. Against the wall across from the entrance was a full bar, with a variety of bottles and a few stools along the counter. There was a reason Steve’s workers frequented this room.
The bickering friends looked back at him. “Of course,” the blond said. “I’m Steve, and this is Bucky.”
“And I’m a dragon, so I must be a bully?”
Once Tony is settled in the back seat, Jarvis gets into the driver’s seat and but doesn’t start the car.
Steve--had appeared distracted, had seemed on the verge of telling Tony something important, but had apparently changed his mind and instead talked about dinner plans or something equally mundane.
Tony gaped, then started to pull the coat off his shoulders to hand back to the guy. “Thanks, but you--”
“Um.” Steve’s expression showed a mix of guilt and pride that Tony’d never seen anyone else pull off quite so well.
Tony looks back at him in surprise.
Tony sighs. “I... once or twice, I might’ve thought about it. Briefly. But then you seemed to pick up on that, changed what you were doing, and I ended up enjoying it.” Tony’s eyes drill into his, radiating sincerity. “I love sex with you, Steve. Really.”
He ignores their sighs and keeps searching.
Steve looks sheepish. “I didn’t want to show off that I could lift it when the rest of you couldn’t?”
Could Loki have been right after all?
Tony and Bucky exchanged another grin.
Tony shrugged. His body felt relief at being alive. The rest of him wasn’t sure what to feel.
Tony stared at him. “Wait, can we go back to the part where you asked me out?”
The Buckys said more, but Tony couldn’t make out the words, as he was still trying to squint and see the Buckys more clearly. Now there were only two of them, but they were a little clearer, and there was definitely worry on their faces.
They ended up keeping all four. The mother cat was named Ash, and the kittens Ember, Smoky, and Blaze.
Steve smiled, heart warming as he reached out for the gift. “You figured it out, huh?”
So of course, Bucky recounted every humiliating detail, from the awkward flirting to the gross vomiting, with a small smile on his face the whole time.
The woman scoffed and glared, but as she appeared not to have even brought a
“Your suit AI. I figured you could name her.”
Bucky raises an eyebrow. “You know I can’t get drunk.”
“Shouldn’t that be my line?” Steve responds dryly. Then, more seriously, he continues, “I’m sorry, Tony.”
Also strange has been Thor’s morning behavior. Each morning for several days, Thor comes into the kitchen looking confused, on the verge of asking a question but then not doing so, even when Tony presses (after two cups of coffee, of course). Eventually the confusion goes away and, instead, Thor starts looking at Steve in a strange new way--admiring, and somehow smug. Tony tries not to feel threatened by a (kind of) god looking at his boyfriend like that.
Maybe letting Tony help him when he was hurt wasn’t so bad after all.
Tony’s eyes widen. “I never thought I’d hear Captain America admit to being afraid of anything.” While Steve could imagine Tony saying that in a mocking tone under normal circumstances, it’s clear that it’s honest surprise in this case.
“Are you going to apologize?”
“Excuse me?” Tony demanded. “JARVIS, did you just say I’m locked out of my own workshop?”
Bucky kept eye contact with the woman, ignoring the slight chill of the wind on the roof. She was clearly growing a little more uncertain with each word she said, as Bucky’s steady gaze didn’t change.
“Sure, however you’d prefer,” Tony said, taking the glowing watch and wrapping it around his own wrist. “But if you want to wear it or keep it nearby when one of us is travelling, it’ll still work.”
Tony stared at his tiny would-be rescuer, shaking his head, but the kid held firm. “I think I can get a few hits in first. I’m up for it if you are.”
Tony’s eyes are wide, but he responds firmly, “If you want me to stay, I’m staying.” There’s something of a weight in those words, as if they promise more than just tonight.
Tony shrugs, then confirms, “Ty, I guess, mostly. But one-night stands also don’t tend to stick around if you don’t want to keep doing what you invited them in for. I don’t blame them.”
Seeing his boyfriend holding aloft the mythic weapon that supposedly only Thor could wield, channeling lightning and unleashing it on various targets he seems to have set up, is awe-inspiring. Honestly, it’s a little bit terrifying, but in a way that turns Tony on at the same time.
“Or you could just stay here with me until my ride shows up,” Tony suggested, leaning down to push a button on some sort of small device attached to an elastic anklet Bucky hadn’t noticed.
Steve raised his eyebrows as Tony pulled something out of his nightstand, and held it out to Steve.
“Bucky, y’r hommmme...” Tony slurred. Then he frowned. “I’m not drunk, I pr'mise.”
“No,” the guy said. “You’re soaked, you’re gonna freeze without it. Keep it.”
“Well,” Bucky said, eying the plush Captain America still hanging on the wall, “I can’t let you have all the glory...” He paid, picked up a ball, and threw.
Worry surges through Tony, but Bucky’s lighthearted response, “Just waiting for you to bring the marshmallows for s’mores”, reassures him a little.
“IGSA Outpost Alpha-Six, this is Lieutenant Tony Stark, do you read me?”
for her attempt to take control of the Winter Soldier, she really had no leg to stand on.
One of the men carrying him chuckled at his distress. “Who’s laughing now?”
Once relieved and washed, he returns to the bed to find that, of course,
“Plus, that game is designed in a way only people with superpowers or incredible luck are going to be able to win prizes,” Steve grumbled. “So we had to do something about that.”
DUM-E’s claw swivelled back and forth, appearing almost as concerned.
Now he hoped it wasn’t too damaged from the trip. Reaching into his pocket, he was happy to see the petals remained intact, just as beautiful as before.
Tony opens his eyes and his face relaxes, but Steve doesn’t feel any better--the expression reminds him of when Tony goes blank at particularly hurtful questions during a press conference. “Nothing, you can keep going.”
“You’re a terrible liar,” Clint accused.
He had to save his son.
“Out of work?”
“Of course,” Tony replied... only now remembering that baseball fact, but protesting, “It’s reflex. If a projectile comes toward me in battle, chances are I’ll benefit from sending it back at the enemy.”
“Master Tony, would you like to tell me why you fired your science fair rocket at your classmates?”
“Did you hear? Justin Hammer gave it a try yesterday. Said he barely got out alive, but that he managed to slice a wing.”
Tony lowered his gun, surprised by how much his hand was shaking.
His lovers gone, Steve waits alone on a remote space station, trying to hold onto hope.
“Yes,” Steve answers, once more feeling no control over his response. Sighing, he admits, “I think that spell did something after all.”
His friend’s expression was confused. “Stevie, he’s still like that. I was surprised when he offered to make me the new arm, but even more surprised by how he joked around with me while working on it. He’s hilarious, and kind of a jerk but... in a way that brings you in on the joke, ya know?”
“Can I kiss you right now?” Steve meant to play it off as a mere expression of fondness and gratitude, but he heard the note of pleading that somehow slipped out.
“I told you, he’s bullheaded. Just like Stark, the one who escalated this to a duel.”
“Can I come in?” Tony asks, and Steve realizes they’re still standing in the doorway to Steve’s rooms.
By the look on Tony’s face, he knows he has already lost, but he protests anyway, “That thing could have rabies. Space rabies.”
Steve nearly dropped the fish at the shout from somewhere close. They were a fair distance from shore, and he hadn’t noticed any other boats nearby. Looking around, he followed Bucky’s gaze to a figure several yards out.
Steve furrows his brow. He thinks he’s managed to show quite a reasonable level of restraint considering the circumstances.
When Steve came out, wrapped up in enough layers he might be warm enough but could still move, his tactical eye surveyed the snowball fight taking place a short distance away.
to bring them home, dammit!
“Oh. My. God.” Tony stared.
But they had both survived, against all odds. And they would again. Tony would find them and bring them home and everything would be fine.
“I’m not goin’ anywhere, doll,” Bucky replied. “The others’ll wrap up the fight soon and then the paramedics can come in and fix you up, but I’ll stay here with you the whole time.”
“You know, I think I’m gonna check out the shop, too,” Bucky says, shooting Steve a meaningful look, and follows the other man.
“It’s... it’s not okay. Tony, it was horrible of me, and for you to find out that way--I can’t imagine how that felt. I don’t blame--I can’t believe all you did to bring us back here, after what I--”
“You are the most adorable husky I have ever seen. I need to pet you now.” Tony hoped he’d never have said that to a werewolf (weredog) he wasn’t dating (and more). He couldn’t be sure, though. The furball was so damn adorable.
“I never said that.”
“Like that idea, huh?”
Tony loved flying.
He’d already had his appointment with SHIELD Medical, who’d pronounced him unharmed, so he wasn’t sure what the appointment was for.
“...yeah.”
The second the two are inside and the outside door is shut, Steve opens the inside door. He realizes one figure is leaning a bit on the other--it’s still impossible to see their faces through the helmets, but he’s pretty sure the one supporting the other has Tony’s stature. He moves to the--injured? exhausted?--one’s other side to help take the load, startled to find that arm of the spacesuit loose and apparently empty. He recovers from his surprise and manages to offer his support anyway, closing the airlock as they make their way to the nearest bench and allow the injured man to slump down on it.
“Then I’d be glad to be your friend. My name is Steve. And you are?”
“Whoa, there, doll, just me.”
“Tony, you know this isn’t fair,” Natasha says quietly.
When I came up with this idea for the prompt I wasn't sure how to keep it short, instead of trying to find a way to fix the absurdity of the bench scene, but I figured I could leave the ending here vague enough that things could turn out a little differently than implied by the end of the movie...
Then she asks him to visit her son.
“Well, now you don’t gotta,” the brunet said.
There was also the fact that he didn’t much care about defending his husband or his ship, since Ty seemed to care more for what Tony could make for him or how he looked on the captain’s arm than for Tony as a person.
“-And I don’t want you going back out to face your kidnappers until you’re at your best. Once your wound is healed,” Steve shot back, pointing a finger at his friend. “I have more faith in you than anyone in my life, but you’re not in peak condition at the moment and I can’t let you go back out there and risk you getting taken again.”
“He wouldn’t give up on me Nat, “Steve insisted. “So I refuse to give up on him.”
Steve and his team move to bring down the factory while Clint and Natasha head to Stane's manor to rescue Tony and Bucky.
Steve took a seat in his desk chair across from her, taking up the folders she passed to him. “I was,” he agreed.
is he making them?"
“I thought you were talking to your dad?” Toni called, pausing in her makeup application to look back over her shoulder in confusion.
After a moment, Bucky finally lifted himself up and swung his legs over the side of the bed, all the while holding his shoulder to prevent any jarring movements. He’s no longer in his slacks from the gala he had been taken from, the clothing replaced by a pair of his black sweatpants. Bucky stood and shuffled out of the room, silently descending the stairs. A shaft of yellow light stretched out from the kitchen doorway and into the dining room, alerting Bucky to the fact that he was not the only one awake. It was probably Clint, who was known to turn up in the house at odd hours in search of food or company. But it wasn’t the snarky blonde that Bucky found, but rather a snarky brunette standing before the open refrigerator door. “Stark?”
“I bet that was a delight- what are you wearing tonight? I want to make sure we coordinate, my press secretary wants a new picture of us for this interview I’m doing,” Ty called out to her.
“What? No, you need it just as-“
Bucky jolted, finger sliding over the trigger of his rifle for the briefest of moments before he registered the voice. It was well into the night now, moonlight replacing the sunlight seeping through the holes in the roof. Bucky had been lulled by the peaceful scene, listening to the sounds of Steve’s soft snoring intertwining with the gentles flicks of the flames. The voice was quiet and raspy, tense with pain and discomfort, and yet it still sounded like shouting in the quiet of the barn. His brown eyes looked to his side where Toni was laid out in the straw, her own blue eyes watching him. Her pale features were tinted orange in the firelight, body tense like she wanted to move but either couldn’t manage the motion or was too afraid of the pain. Bucky relaxed, rolling out his shoulders and leaning back into the straw. “Well, we’re in a barn.”
Steve turned sharply, slamming his fist down on his desk and drawing a flinch from the redhead. “Oh. So you want me to thank you, then? Is that what I’m hearing?”
When he finally came to, the only thing Bucky could register at first was darkness. He had a splitting headache, and fiery pain ignited in his chest if he shifted too fast. A bullet wound, great. Bucky tipped his head down as if to examine the damage, but all he could see still was pitch black. Part of him feared that he had been blinded, had maybe taken too hard of a hit to the head and damaged his optic nerves. But when Bucky sucked in a pained breath, a cloth pressed against his lips and he realized a bag was placed over his head. So his eyes were good, that was something. But where was he?
After a long silence and eternity in his thoughts, Steve jumped when a soft and raspy voice spoke up from beside him. “JARVIS, you traitor.”
The blonde in question quirked his lips up into a polite smile, hesitant, as if testing the waters with Toni. As if she’d forget that he was the same as every other person who tried to use her. Normally, Toni fumed for a few moments and moved on, like she had last night. But this man? This man still got what he wanted. “Good morning, Ms. Stark. I hope you enjoyed your birthday yesterday. Your father really has been a gracious host.”
"You sold my brother?" Clint growled but Bucky beat him to the punch. Literally.
His laugh was warm and rich, and it achingly reminded Toni of Rhodey. “I take it back, those aren’t so bad. You should keep them,” he teased.
Tony nodded hesitantly, setting down the almost finished prototype of his gauntlet weapon. “Alright,” he mumbled, giving Bucky a brief look before following Donovan out of the lab.
“Christ, you two are a mess,” Toni huffed, shaking her head as she refilled her glass. “Neither of you have any reason to feel guilty. The situation really was shitty, but there was nothing any of us could have done to avoid being in it. Our enemies had this plan in mind for a long time, and things were being put into motion long before we could see them. The plan was to jump you when you least expected it, and the plan was to drive Steve mad looking for you. Neither of you should feel guilty for being forced to play a part in some scheme designed against you.”
"I-It’s not?" Tony asked, wincing as he was pressed against the cool tub.
Tony’s eyes narrowed as he glared up to Donovan. “What information?”
Tony’s heart clenched as he spotted Bruce and a man sitting in the lab while a girl was sleeping on the couch. They look so relaxed, not even realizing how close they were to being blown to pieces. He swallowed, looking up to Obadiah. “I’ll do my best," he murmured.
Toni smiled, something small and genuine and Steve actually felt himself falter a moment at the sight of it. “Well, it’ll make my dad worry a little less, so I guess that is a plus for both him and me.”
It didn’t mean Bucky felt any better about being sentenced to the sidelines for the next two weeks. The bastards who had taken him, who had threatened the very stability in the city that provided safety for his friends, were still on the loose. Bucky was itching to take Stane’s forces on and put a bullet between his lackey’s head. Raza had done a number on him and Bucky had every intention of returning the favor. How could he do that if he was confined to Rogers’ estate?
Tony gave him a look. “I’m not freaked out. It happened, I’m moving past it.” Tony said, emptying his closet before tugging open the door of his dresser, shoving his socks and boxers into the bag.
All the while Steve sat by Toni’s side, still holding tight to her hand as if she still needed the reassurance. She didn’t look as peaceful as she had the day before when she was knocked out. Steve reached forward, taking the makeshift gag from her mouth to ease her breathing. “We can’t leave her like this.”
Tony gave him a look. Bucky could rattle off all the names he wanted but Tony still knew none of these people. “Whose Bruce?” He asked, deciding that was the most important name to ask about since he was now living with the guy.
“Huh?” Toni blinked, before her eyes focused again on Bucky’s pained expression and she nodded jerkily to clear her head. “Two. Ty and Obadiah's guard.”
On the coffee table was Steve’s sketchbook and Bucky’s pistol. There was no note attached, but Steve knew what the girl was trying to say:
Bucky spoke up from across the table, pointing his fork at Tony. “Is that what’s wrong with your neck? Sleeping at a lab table?” he teased, taking an eager bite of his waffles. “Because an hour at the gym with me and we can work out those kinks.”
It was certainly no greeting, and Bucky made a face at the newspaper he was flipping through. “You’re overreacting.”
Steve moved after him, stepping out into the back parking lot. “Please don’t tell me we’re doing what I think we are. I leave you in charge of making a plan
Toni only gave her a tired smile. “If Rogers is grateful, he can tell me himself.” She closed the bathroom door.
"No problem, Steve. Like I said, just eat and sleep," Bucky called as he moved out the front door to his car, checking the ammo of his handgun before pulling out onto the street.
This was it, this was the meeting he had been waiting for. Everything he wanted to say to Howard Stark, everything he needed from him, was out in the open. He just needed Howard to take the bait, to answer his prayers, to decide to favor him. Howard looked contemplative, eyes darting over Steve curiously before his expression hardened and he seemed to reach a decision. “I like you, Steve. You remind me a lot of myself when I was just starting out. Youthful, ambitious, and clever. You just need a helping hand, someone to help you achieve your plans.” Howard finished his martini and left the glass on the counter. “I think I’ve had enough schmoozing for one night. Come with me to my personal study, we have some things to discuss.”
The group battle their way out of the mansion and Tony finally catches up with Steve.
“It’ll be fine.”
Bucky rolled his eyes, adjusting his arm the slightest bit under Bruce’s instruction as the doctor worked. “I don’t need your protection. I shouldn’t have been naïve enough to let someone get the jump on me. And even then, these guys had been planning this whole scheme for a long time. We can’t blame ourselves just because the enemy had a good plan.”
“Cut that shit. We both know you aren’t threatening me,” Bucky snorted as he reached for a glass on the shelf. Steve refused to admit he was right; there wasn’t a bone in his body that could hurt his best friend. And even if there was? Bucky was trained enough to have Steve flat on his ass before he could pull his pistol. Steve only surrounded himself with the best. “You’ve been blowing off this meeting for the past four months, and you’re now running the risk of offending Howard. I don’t think I need to explain to you why that would be bad for you and this entire operation,” Bucky continued.
“Still here, guys,” Tony said, taking a bite of cereal and rubbing his neck again.
“Once was a fluke!”
Steve tries one last attempt to get Tony's forgiveness, but can a note say everything he needs it to say?
. “Yes, I’m sure that will be a productive relationship,” he muttered, scrolling through his messages.
But Bucky was still missing, and every minute he stayed missing was another minute he could be dead. Howard may be his sole suspect, but he may also be his only support outside of his own crew. If Steve wanted any form of lead on Bucky’s whereabouts or captors, he would need to appeal to both. He would have to press Howard enough that, if he was guilty, he would either own up to his wrongdoing or slip in his cover-up. But Steve would also need to leave the conversation light enough that, if innocent, Howard would understand that Steve was just lost without his best friend and offer to help. It was a fine line to walk, but Steve couldn’t spend any more time fearing it. Bucky’s life was on the line and the longer Steve spent debating Stark’s involvement, the longer Bucky was in danger. It was time to start acting, and Howard was his first and only lead.
Bruce frowned, looking over the program. “I think…I think it’s the computer program Tony’s been working on. But how did it launch itself?"
Tony glowered at the blonde, raising her hand as if to stop her. “As much as I
She watched him lazily blow the smoke towards the cracked window, before straightening out her shoulders. “You told me you were going to quit.”
Tony blinked in shock as he looked around the large lab, one that was easily twice the size of Bruce’s. “Holy…" Tony trailed off, taking a slow step in.
“Not particularly. They entire continent is shitty.” They didn’t have access to electricity or news, but Bucky had to imagine that the rest of the world was just as fucked. “We’re just moving from town to town, trying to make it by. What? Did you have a destination in mind, Miss I-Don’t-Need-Anyone?”
Steve's fists clenched on the table, eyes flashing. "I know." he said darkly and everyone suppressed the shiver trying to move up their spines. "I had Natasha go out and look for him before she went home. Said the only thing suspicious was that the club we were at the other night suffered an explosion. She couldn't even salvage the surveillance tapes."
“Thank you,” Bruce smiled, looking down at the wound rather than Toni but his tone was laced with sincere gratitude. “I never thought anyone really read that.”
Glancing around, Bucky slowly moved to the back office, ignoring the club music that was still pumping loudly with the strobe lights. He pressed his ear to the door, hearing a soft shuffle inside. Kicking open the door, Bucky aimed his gun and glanced around. Bucky looked around the small, empty office, frowning at the open window. What was the point of that?
“Not unless you want to lug around a saddle,” Steve joked, kicking through the equipment. “Plan on riding any horses in the future?”
Something like relief crashed into Steve, the air forcibly escaping the blonde’s lungs as he stood from his chair. “Buck? Is that really you?”
She was deliberately avoiding giving a last name, but Bucky didn’t need her to. He didn’t live under a rock; he had seen enough billboards and magazine covers to know who the big name in the weapons industry was. And if that wasn’t enough, Bucky would never forget the name that adorned all of the weaponry they were provided with during his deployment. The name on the side of his own favorited rifle.
“Oh, fuck off, Rogers,” Tony snapped, leaning down and beginning to shove the things back into the grocery bags. “Don’t you have somewhere else to be? Mob business to take care of?”
“You cannot be serious; you’re
"Don’t worry, I won’t let him touch you," Bucky said softly. “It’s my job to watch over you for Steve."
“Alright,” Toni agreed, and when she saw he clearly wasn’t leaving the office anytime soon, she added in a “goodnight” before closing the door behind her. The elated smile that adorned her face melted away as quickly as her press smile does, and she was left with nothing but half-baked thoughts like puzzle pieces unable to fit together. Something was going on here and she was going to find out what, whether she liked it or not. But Ty was right about one thing: she needed sleep. Hopefully, her plan and ideas will be better formulated after a few hours of rest.
Her voice lacked any real emotion other than calm indifference, and Bucky wondered how a young woman with a good head on her shoulders fell into a lackluster relationship like the one she’s in. “You should give Steve a chance. I know he got off on the wrong foot with you- and I’m partially to blame for that. I was the one who put the idea in his head to use you,” Bucky began and Toni flared defensively, but he continued before she could get too upset. “And I’m sorry about that. You’re a hell of a lot smarter than just a pawn, and Steve knows that. He’s an idiot, but he’s a great businessman and an even greater friend. You two actually have a lot in common, as scary as that is.” The song came to an end and Bucky stepped back, winking at the woman. “Give it a thought, Ms. Stark. Now, if you don’t mind, I have a few things to attend to behind the scenes here. If Steve asks, tell him I’m catching up with a few of our investors.”
“She saved Bucky,” Steve shrugged, avoiding Natasha’s eyes and pointedly taking a bite of his pizza.
“I’ll say,” Toni huffed, approaching the counter and empty the contents of his bag. “One roll of bandages, four cans of expired soup, a box of shotgun shells, and…what is this, a sketchbook? Lame, you can keep that.”
Bucky was already reaching past her, grabbing the backpack she had stolen that must have landed close by in the fall. Steve gave her dark curls another reassuring pet before he took his knife from her pocket and turned to dispose of the hunter that had caused her fall. “What do you need me to do, Buck?”
As if she could date a man who started out their relationship by using her to get to her father.
“Tony, I swear it isn’t like that!” Steve’s cries were heard, but Tony ignored them as he curled into a ball, tears falling thicker as he closed his eyes.
"Is that the guy that broke into your house?" Bucky muttered under his breath as he watched Tony fumble with the metallic shell of the glove he was building. The one he slightly modeled Bucky’s arm off of.
“Fuck off,” Tony snapped back and Clint sighed, shaking his head. “Let’s just go, Steve,” he mumbled, glancing to Tony in the rear view mirror.
to each other. Or so Toni thought. Her gaze out the balcony window grew unfocused, until she was staring at her own reflection in the pane rather than the night sky. Stupid. She was stupid and she let herself get hurt.
Toni snorted, leveling the man with a glare. “I don’t care what Rogers does. Nothing he says ever gets to me so it’s not as if I should care.” But her glare faltered when Bucky gave her a knowing look, until she finally averted her gaze. Bucky knew Steve and he liked to think he had a good handle on Stark; he knows their words really bother each other. “It’s fine. Things are fine now. My only concern about this whole situation is finding out where we go from here.”
The blonde laughed, grinning with a smile that made Tony’s stomach clench. “I’m Agent Donovan, and I’ve been sent here to get a little information from you.”
“I’ve recently been informed that you chose to skip your meeting with my father this morning,” Toni began carefully, because this situation was appearing more and more delicate the more she examined him. She shut the door behind her, closing off Sharon from overhearing the discussion. “I don’t think I need to explain to you why that was not your best decision.”
“You’re honestly telling me you think my father was behind whatever happened to Bucky?” Toni asked, pinching the bridge of her nose as she tried to wrap her head around the absurdity of the claim. “Why? How do you even know Barnes was in that SUV? Plenty of shady people were at that benefit; that unmarked car could been there for a number of reasons.”
“Navy,” Toni responded easily, opening her mascara and leaning in close to the mirror. “I’d rather not go to this event all together. It’s been a long day.” That, and she wanted to avoid Steve and Bucky all together. For once, she wanted to miss that confrontation.
Bucky nodded, pleased to hear it. Her odds at a proper recovery were shot in a world like this with no access to trained medical professionals, but Bucky had used what he learned in the military and it was the best she was going to get for now. He was happy to at least hear she was stable. “Good. Once we’re in the market, I’m going to give you water and a can of food. You need to keep yourself well-fed and rested. Your body needs all the energy it can get to focus on healing.”
By early morning, the storm clouds began to disperse and the rain tapered off to a stop. Warm yellow sunlight filtered through the New York City skyline as the sun tipped over the horizon, blinding Steve where he sat staring out the window of the passenger seat. Beside him, Natasha drove quietly, dark eyes locked on the quiet streets. They had just finished their fifth shakedown of the night, but nobody in the city seemed to have any concrete clues as to where Bucky was or why he was taken. The most useful tip came from one of the event staff at the museum, who was all too willing to help after Steve slipped him a fifty dollar bill. The young waiter had apparently seen an unmarked, black SUV parked near the catering trucks the day before, one that had conveniently disappeared during the benefit before it could be towed. He had Clint working the lead, tracking the car’s whereabouts through a friend of his at the police department. But until the blonde called with his report, Steve was at a loss.
"I have check the explosives twice, Steven. I hold no doubts that they will set of when and where we need then to." Thor said, giving Steve’s shoulder a squeeze before leaning back. "As for Clint and Natasha’s mission, they are our best in the areas of stealth. They will get James and little Anthony back."
The next day, Steve and Tony spent their time avoiding each other. Neither of them knew how to act around the other after that kiss, and until they figured out just how they were feeling, they were content with having little to no contact. It wasn’t until dinner that they were all pulled together, drawn in by the smell of Clint’s burgers. The dinner table was filled with mindless chatter that neither Tony or Steve partook in, both rather focusing on staring down to their untouched food.
“Your workshop protocol is five hours.”
Then the door opened. Tony sat up in surprise, then stared in bewilderment.
Bucky pauses, eyes narrowing. “I thought your heart was better after that surgery back when we were in high school? You’ve been
“I’m... Bucky.” The hesitation suggested an uncertainty about what name to give, but the name didn’t sound like one made up for anonymity, like John or James.
--but what came out was, “So, no true love’s kiss necessary, then?”
“I told you it’s fine, Cap,” Tony said with ease. Not with annoyance, or bitterness, or tired resignation. “It bothered me before, but now... it doesn’t.”
The man--probably about Steve’s age, maybe younger--has a sympathetic smile on his face, though, not a mocking one. This smile looks endearing, really, surrounded by a goatee that seemed both over-the-top and perfectly suited to him. “Sorry, I was just thinking I could see myself having been the one to do it instead, albeit probably one too many drinks rather than a rollercoaster.” He looks down at his t-shirt, the graphic on which is obscured by the remnants of Steve’s lunch, and carefully pulls it over his head, attempting not to get the filth on his skin or hair the process.
“It’s a long story,” Steve replied, “But by far the most important treasure I’ve found is now here in my arms.”
“Sorry, doll, was I ignoring you?”
“No!” Tony interrupts, too quickly, his eyes showing not arousal but panic. Then, quietly, just barely audible, he adds, “I don’t want to be alone.”
Tony sees his boyfriend’s transformation for the first time.
“Ugh, stop kissing, let’s
“For a ride home, of course,” Bucky grinned.
Tony worked frantically to put his new and improved pistol back together. He should’ve had it ready, but honestly he hadn’t expected the ship to be set upon by pirates on the way back from purchasing supplies.
Tony’s mouth opens and shuts a few times, before finally he smiles. “Legend says I’d be crazy to turn down a date with Steve Rogers.”
And he’s starting to think there’s something more that he wants with Tony--and that Tony might want the same with him.
“Of course,” Tony promises, and pets his hair again. “I’ll be with you the whole time.”
Tony grins, reaches out, and pulls Steve in for a kiss, uncaring that his boyfriend is still dripping wet. “You are incredible, sweetheart,” he says, not pulling back from Steve’s lips. “Watching you control the lightning was amazing. You don’t need to hide it.”
They talk all night, apart from some comfortable silences as the conversation lapses at times. They discuss their nightmares. They share their fears. They discuss lighter truths, like pop music Tony’s embarrassed to admit that he likes, and how Steve is far more adept with modern technology than he’s been letting on.
Or maybe being furious with Steve had helped Tony make the decision to get the surgery he’d needed. Maybe it was better for him after all, because at least this way he was alive.
Steve kisses Tony’s forehead, wet with sweat from their extended love-making. “I love you,” he whispers.
Steve’s brow furrows. “Why? Wait, what did--” Even though it was mere minutes ago, he was so caught up in the humiliation that he doesn’t remember exactly what he said. An apology, he would hope. His eyes drift down to Tony’s bare chest for the first time, realizing his words should be right there.
Bucky watched as the brunette snatched up her bag, stalking away from the desk. She slammed the office door behind her as she exited, leaving Bucky to scowl at his friend. “Why do you have to let her get to you like that?”
I know, I missed my Thursday update! But in my defense, I came down with strep throat on Wednesday and it really knocked me on my ass these past few days. I was going to just wait to post this next Thursday, but why wait when I have this chapter sitting and ready to go, right? So here it is!
He wasn’t looking at her, but Toni hoped he felt her glare. “I rejected the senseless killing that you and my father and everyone else seem to endorse. I didn’t want to lead a business that built itself on the blood of others. But that doesn’t mean I don’t try to help with the less cruel aspects of the job.”
The numbers were swimming in Tony's head as he slowly worked over a piece of metal, testing the sensors. This would be his first real invention. His pride and joy. And who better to give it to than Bucky. Tony couldn't help but blame himself. Bucky wouldn't have been in this if Obadiah didn't think that Tony needed help. Tony's fists clench slightly at that thought, sighing shakily.
“Obadiah has been helping me run a few financial maneuvers over a few investors giving me trouble,” Ty explained, passing the beer to Obadiah and offering him a seat on the couch. “He’s just giving me a few last minute tips for tonight.”
“Easier said than done,” Bucky scoffed. “I know it would avoid a lot of grief if I just followed Steve’s orders and stayed here. He’d feel less guilty and I’d be able to heal. I just can’t… I can’t stop thinking about the fact that those bastards are out there. The men who had every intention of using me and my death to tear this city apart still walk the fucking streets-“
“Wow, you really care,” Bucky drawled, offering the woman a lazy smile as she approached the bed. “Stark, this is Dr. Bruce Banner, our physician on call. Doc, this is Toni Stark.”
The living room was dimly lit by the screen of Tony’s laptop, shadows splayed across the walls as the silence was filled by the clicks of Tony’s fingers flying across the keyboard. He sat on the couch amongst a bundle of blankets, an empty coffee cup on the end table beside him. His fingers paused for a moment as he leaned back to look over his work, a proud smirk stretching across his tired face. He was about to continue typing when a hand reached over his shoulder and closed the laptop. “Time for bed, kid,” Clint’s voice came with a soft chuckle.
Tony snorted, giving Bucky a smirk. “Get in line, Buck."
Steve sent him a look, pointing. “Leave him alone, Buck,” Steve warned. “Go help Clint with his bags.”
She considered his statement. This sight before her, this man who has been beaten and left chained up, confirmed his suspicions. Obadiah, her godfather and the man who helped raise her, kidnapped and tortured a man to piss off Steve Rogers. There was no doubt about it; Bucky was being held in Obadiah’s wine cellar of all places. And Toni was sure Tiberius, her own
Toni left the kitchen, weaving her way around the dining room table, past the couch and down the hall towards the apartment’s spare bedroom. The room acted as an office for both Ty and Toni, though her fiancé tended to claim the space more often. Toni preferred to use her personal workspaces at Stark Industries if she was planning to knock out a lot of work. The brunette moved for the single desk against the far wall, taking up the chair and sifting through the desk drawers to find Ty’s new hiding space for her notebooks. Opening the center drawer, Toni was delighted to find a half empty pack of cigarettes and a lighter. And Ty swore he quit. She snorted quietly to herself, stealing a cigarette and leaning in to hold the tip over the orange flame of the lighter. Smoke curled up into the air lazily, and Toni stood to move to the window just to the right of the desk. She opened it just a crack, a weak attempt at preventing entrance to the rain. Toni perched herself on the edge of the desk, holding the cigarette close to the window to let the city air whisk off the smoke rather than keep it trapped in the apartment. The usual city skyline wasn’t very visible against the backdrop of storm clouds. Her blue eyes flicked away from the lackluster cityscape before her to scan the top of the desk, from the laptop at the far side to the planner beneath her thigh- Toni snatched up the weekly planner, gaze caught on what was scribbled down on the calendar for the previous night.
Toni looked him over, eyes darting over Steve’s expression as if looking for even the smallest indication that he was lying. She opened her mouth to respond, finally, when the door opened again and Bucky came in. “Grab the water bottle from my bag,” he ordered, and Steve readily complied. He brought the bottle forward, with the last few sips of water inside. “I found a morphine tablet in the receptionist’s desk. Looks like the employees were dipping into the private stash.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony huffed, placing a hand on Steve's cheek and giving him a look. "And what if that's not what I want? Im in the safest hands in the word," he murmured. "Dont you dare blame yourself for anything that has happened to me or Bucky." Tony murmured, resting his forehead against Steve's. "They wanted me for me, not because Im involved with you."
"We’ll ask him later. For now, start breakfast," Steve sighed, watching as Clint moved off to the door. “And wash your hands!"
Comments and kudos keeping me going!
“Jerk,” Steve retorted, but he was smiling. “I love you too.”
Obadiah’s snarl was the only warning he got before he was tossed to the floor sharply, landing hard on his shoulder. “So they know who has you and why they have you.” It would only be time before they found out about the invasion. He was sure Justin wouldn’t hold under torture. “I want that weapon finished by tonight so I can produce more by tomorrow,” He spat at Tony, watching the boy grip his shoulder in pain. “Or else.”
The man nodded in understanding, shaking Tony’s hand before running his fingers through his brown hair. “I’m Bruce Banner. The doctor of this little group,” he smiled politely before turned back to the dry erase board he was working at, studying the numbers and equations scrawled out.
“To check on you,” Steve murmured, running a hand affectionately through Tony’s hair only to flinch with a hurt expression as Tony swatted his hand away.
Sleepless nights were nothing new for Toni. Ty was used to finding her out of bed, wandering the apartment or working on various projects. He stopped asking her if she was alright after their first week living together, resigning to accepting it as one of her habits and leaving it at that. But sometimes, Toni wished he would still ask her. Conversation soothed her racing mind, quieted her storm of thoughts no matter how meaningless the chatter was. These sleepless nights were usually the result of either nightmares or an overactive mind- sometimes a toxic mix of the both- and Toni wished for any kind of escape she could get. Even mindless conversation with Ty.
Steve snorted, finishing his last punch before turning to Tony and walking over, towering over the boy. “That’s because you’re out of shape,” Steve said, nudging Tony’s stomach with his foot before moving over to his water bottle.
A smug grin passed over Steve’s lips as Bucky sputtered, only grinning wider when he earned himself a sharp kick from Tony under the table. “You two are unbelievable,” Tony muttered, but gladly accepted an apologetic peck on the lips from Steve. “Luckily, I can live with that.”
It wasn't until an hour before lunchtime that Tony finished the arm, stepping back and looking over it with tired pride. The metal coating was sleek and glinted in the light, while the gears and sensors hidden beneath were pure beauty to Tony. "Alright, Bucky, lets get you suited up," Tony murmured, taking the heavy arm and slowly moving over to Bucky.
“I don’t need you coddling me,” Toni muttered, and after a long moment of bracing herself, Toni shifted to her knees and pushed herself up. She swayed briefly, before clenching her jaw and straightening out. “Bad enough we’re stuck with each other while my arm heals. Doesn’t mean I can’t still take care of myself in some regard.”
The blonde only huffed, peering down at Tony before leaning in and catching his lips with his own. Tony happily complied, cupping his cheeks and parting his lips as Steve eagerly took the invitation and slipped his tongue inside. Steve's hands gently framed his hips, slowly pushing Tony's back to the bed before taking the space between his legs. "There's no going back, you know. Once you join this family, there is no going back," Steve murmured softly against Tony's lips as he glanced down to the brunette.
“That’s what I am,” Steve finds himself saying. “I guess. Bruce mentioned it.”
“Uh,” he said, “I--don’t know if that’s allowed?”
“Huh.” That was new. “If what’s left of the programming means I just mindlessly pet your hair for an hour, I guess I can live with that...”
But when Rhodey reached Tony, his words didn’t make sense. “Rogers and Barnes were never lovers.”
He closed his eyes as Tony began to massage his head. The engineer’s fingers were bigger, more calloused than Steve’s mom’s had been, but no less adept, and Steve felt himself relaxing almost immediately.
For other misadventures in Tony sharing a bed with Steve and Bucky, check out my fic
“Legend says your doctoral thesis was about me.” (“Partly true.”) (Bruce looks a little sheepish, saying it was really about Rebirth, and admitting it was hard to find non-classified information on the medical details.)
His masterful attempt at diversion is apparently unsuccessful, as Steve’s face now ranks at about a 4 on the 5-point
Steve is trying and failing to discern faces in the helmets of the approaching space suits--because of course they’re just showing mirrored reflections of the light coming off of the outpost--when he receives an incoming message.
Steve shrugged. “I heal.”
Tony frowns. “I just hate when you’re hurt.”
Steve wants to ask what happened, but figures the middle of Coney Island isn’t the time or place. Instead, he simply asks, “Is your heart okay?”
Steve steps in with an upper cut that knocks the guy out. Then he turns to the late-arriving event security and orders, “Call SHIELD and an ambulance.” If the man was targeting Captain America specifically, this probably wasn’t an ordinary police matter.
He took to the sky--an instant too late.
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony arrived at the scene to see Spider-Man careening through the air, wrapping the creepy five-story-tall doll in layer upon layer of webbing. He flew over and checked out the kid’s progress. (He’d generally been considering the masked hero a kid, since he had a similar build to Tony’s teenage son.)
Steve braves the cold he hates to play in the snow with the family he loves.
“I’m sure,” Tony agrees. He’d insist on taking a look at it now if they weren’t in such a frigid climate. He realizes the connection between the metal arm and Bucky’s flesh shoulder must be aching with cold, as well.
Tony took a deep breath, slowly let it out, then looked at Steve and said calmly, “You winced four times between the elevator and the couch, not counting the extended grimace as you were sitting down and putting your leg up.”
“Fine,” Bucky agreed, not wanting to argue any longer. Then he reached out and pulled Tony onto his lap. “If I promise not to black out this time, can I go back to petting your hair, doll?”
Tony’s heart was healthier than it had been in years, but Steve just could not convince himself of that fact in the dark of their bedroom in the middle of the night.
“...not the answer I was expecting,” Steve admitted. His voice was casual but there was uncertainty in his eyes.
“No,” Tony sighs. “It won’t. You need a dentist.”
“Did you go to the market without me?” Bucky asked, eyeing the plums in delight like it was very important which one he selected first. “You always grumble when I take you...”
Unfortunately, that stop is the last straw for his stomach, which immediately hurls its contents (he definitely should not have had that hot dog) up his throat... and onto the chest of the person who grabbed him.
“Guess it worked?” Tony managed to say.
Steve shakes his head. The idea of talking to someone--especially a stranger--about everything he’s lost... It sounds worse than just trying to live with it.
“Deliberately pushing people’s buttons, like you’re doing right now!” Steve bursts out, glad at least
The woman doesn’t look satisfied. “I’m... sorry. I’m not sorry I tried to stop you, but I’m sorry for what you’re going through now.”
Bucky’s eyes looked a little watery as he nodded, smiling widely. “Of course, doll.”
“JARVIS,” he says slowly, “How long does it take for teeth to heal?”
“Might be a little sore from a punch I took,” Bucky admits, gently feeling his jaw. There’s no sharp pain as he gently prods, not like there was when he took that one bite of his burger.
“Welcome home, Tony.” Steve stepped forward to kiss him, then stepped back to let Bucky do the same.
“Yeah.” There’s an assessing look in Tony’s eyes. “Getting you water’s just self-serving, really, can’t kiss my soulmate if he’s gonna taste like puke.”
Steve’s eyes widened. “You’re a weaponsmith?”
Is that really you?”
“Was it--did he--” Tony found himself starting to ask, even as he wondered what answer he wanted, or whether he wanted an answer at all, “You knew everything he knew, right?  Did he--did Steve ever really have feelings for me?”
When words still didn’t come, Steve shook his head.
this. And it doesn’t take long for Steve to figure out who “legend” is in this instance.
Tony gave him a quick smile, suddenly rethinking his whole plan. This was stupid, Pepper had said not to go too big but maybe this was too small, and certainly the wrong time, and...
Much later, Steve is starting to doze--not sleep, but resting his eyes and letting his mind zone out for a bit--when he feels the hand he’s holding tighten.
He can’t even brace for the blow as a fist flies through her face into his jaw.
Rhodey waited.
He’s not cured. Steve still feels overwhelmed sometimes by how much he’s lost, feels like he doesn’t belong in this future, feels like an escape from this life would be a relief.
(See the end of the chapter for
But Steve was right that the turns are too much. By the time the ride comes to a stop, Steve’s stomach is pretty sure it’s still going at sixty miles per hour, in a circle.
Into the air above.
Tony had already known his boyfriend was the cutest guy in the world. Now that he’d seen this new side of him, Tony knew knew nothing and no one else in the universe could ever compare with this level of cuteness.
He wonders why Bucky’s getting further away, then realizes it’s him veering off to the left, dizziness taking full control of his body.
Rhodes narrowed his eyes. “Then why...?”
Thank you so much to everyone who's been leaving kudos and comments, especially Trez26! It really helps me keep going.
After a moment the swimmer seemed to realize there were two people staring at him. “Oh, um, right--looks like you found my bot, may I have him back, please?” He reached out with both hands, a surprising amount of his chest remaining above the surface even as he must’ve been treading the water with just his legs.
Tony didn’t blush a lot, but Steve loved to see it on the rare occasions he did. Maybe, between him and Bucky, they could get Tony to blush more often.
He had a moment to realize he may have just doomed himself to take the trapped man’s place--because magic did crap like that sometimes--when suddenly he felt warm, soft lips under his.
“Me, too,” said a voice from behind him.
Tony gets in trouble at school.
“Yep, drink up.”
about. Besides, “I’m not going to... hurt myself.” And since Steve managed to say it, it must be true, so Bruce has to believe him.
. So you’re going to practice using your safeword.”
“I can sit with you?” Tony interrupted hopefully.
When Tony pulled up amongst the emergency vehicles, he didn’t even bother taking the keys of his $200,000 car out of the ignition before jumping out and scanning the scene.
“Yes...” He looks a little concerned at suddenly becoming involved in the conversation. “Why?”
But the doctor thinks he’s out of the woods and that he’ll wake up within the next few hours, and the wound itself is bandaged, no stitches necessary. Steve thanks the doctor, doffs the suit jacket he’s still wearing, and sits down beside the bed. Thankfully the SHIELD security detail agree to wait outside the room to give them some privacy when there are no medical personnel checking on Tony’s vitals.
Natasha looks at the furry creatures, snuggling together like otters. They are actually pretty cute, she admits to herself. “I may have an idea.” She turns to Bruce, who’s been sitting in the corner the whole time pretending to read a book. (She’s seen him glance up several times, and she’s sure he wants to pet the storelskas but is either afraid to hurt them or afraid to get attached.) “Bruce, do you still crochet?”
He spots a detached flap from the plane’s wing first, and fights the fear it induces, holding onto hope as most of the body of the plane comes into view, mostly intact. He sends a quick message to the quinjet and follows the wreckage.
“But how can you not like
Tony grins back. “I like the sound of that.”
Rhodey turned, the quiet rush of hydraulics in the braces around his legs probably only audible to supersoldier hearing. “For what?” the man asked. There was something heavy in his tone.
He sighs, opens the door, and tries not to sigh again when he sees it’s Tony.
He doesn’t want to do this.
Tony fidgets. This is the part that he definitely wouldn’t tell dad, and he’s a little afraid what Jarvis’ response will be, but he also... needs to know. “They were both boys,” he says quietly, forcing himself not to look away from the mirror.
Apparently a simple “No,” isn’t enough for the damn spell, which has him adding, “It’s too easy.”
Except the figure in the mirror looked nothing like Tony.
They didn’t get to sleep right away.
Steve reaches into the cage, apparently oblivious to the fact that Tony is upbraiding JARVIS for not notifying him that his home has been “overrun with alien rats”, and offers a hand to the curious storelska. It sniffs him, then nudges its head into his fingers and chirps as he pets it.
“Did they hurt you?” Tony can hear the worry in Jarvis’ voice, and it makes him feel a little better. He doesn’t think he’d hear the same if his dad asked that question--if he even thought to ask that question.
“Ow!”
Bucky had hoped Tony’s workload for Stark Industries would’ve lightened up by their Saturday night recurring date night, but alas, someone somewhere had apparently lied about their progress on an upcoming release and, of course, Tony was needed to try to pull things together in time. Steve and Bucky had offered to postpone their planned date, but Tony insisted he’d be happier knowing he wasn’t holding his boyfriends back from a fun night out.
“Look Tiny Iron Man in the eye and say that,” Steve says with gravitas.
” Steve screamed, and started running for the water, not caring if the continued lightning might electrocute him, just needing to get out there, to save Tony.
scale. (A 5 tends to be reserved for teammates who endanger themselves or others, or news anchors who expect Captain America to be as racist or homophobic as they are.) “Why aren’t you wearing your sling?”
“Of course you did,” Tony replied with a smile. “Well, thank you, I love them, but I’m exhausted. Time for bed with my boys.” He hugged the plushes again, then looked up at Steve and Bucky. “Oh, and you guys can come, too, if you want.”
A few days earlier
“Nope, sorry.” He smirked. Then he heard a familiar whine coming closer. “Anyway, gotta go, my ride’s almost here. Good luck with your world domination plans, or whatever it is you’re up to.”
“That’s not the only way you almost killed him, either,” Rhodey responded, then turned to leave the room.
“Thought it was worth a try,” Steve answers in the same flippant tone. “Seems it might have its benefits.”
The target--
Tony gestures for Steve to walk with him, and they head for a trail circling the lake.
Tony leaned forward and took a long lick of Steve’s strawberry ice cream, keeping eye contact with him the whole time, and Bucky felt himself heating up despite the pleasant breeze. He took a bite of his own chocolate chocolate chip to cool off, then deliberately dabbed a bit onto his cheek. “How about some of mine?” he asked with a smirk.
Still not sure why he was asked to come, Steve wonders if maybe Tony needs a babysitter for her sometime soon. He knows Happy often fills that role, but maybe he’s busy. The idea of being trusted with her fills Steve with warmth, though he has to shove down thoughts of Tony and Pepper on some romantic holiday. “If you need me to look after her at some point, I’ll make sure my schedule’s clear.”
And, of course, they won the game.
With the frustrated disappointment and the miserable cold, he could feel tears threatening, but he tried to hold them back, knowing the wind on teary eyes would only make him colder.
Tony’s eyes are huge.
Pirate Captain Rogers boards a ship in search of a very particular treasure.
“And that is all the information you have to offer me?” The boss stood, brushing off the front of his expensive suit as he slowly circled the mugger. “Not a reason? Not even a name?”
Clint laughed, ushering Tony on until they were out the front door, running for the main gate as Bucky paused to pick off the posted guards from afar. As soon as the four burst from the estate ground and onto the main road, an armored car pulled along side them and the back door opened. "Need a ride?"
With that, she pulled away, disappearing out of the lounge and leaving Bucky alone with his drink. Fuck, was she right. Steve had every right to worry about him, to want him to recover before sending him out in the field. But that didn’t mean Bucky had to sit licking his wounds. He didn’t have to be in the field to help Steve organize their business and prepare. They had a war coming, after all.
Steve hummed, lifting his eyes to regard Toni with a bored expression, so different from the glare he sent her moments before. “Sounds more like you’re desperate for your father’s approval after you disappointed him so badly, turning your back on his legacy and whatnot.”
Tony’s body slowly relaxed as Steve rubbed his thumb into the tense muscle at the base of his neck where it met his shoulder. “God, that feels good,“ Tony mumbled, practically melting under Steve’s touch.
“Rogers. Steve Rogers,” the blonde supplied his hand, meeting Howard’s with a firm shake. “I move medication around the city.”
“Lead the way.”
“Steve-“
Steve liked the sound of that.
“Hey, I'm not bad. Happy taught me how to box,” Tony said, flopping down to sit on the sparring mat, rubbing his neck.
Toni reached back for the cigarette, sliding it between her lips. She took one long inhale, steadying herself before she met Ty’s gaze. “I was thinking,” she began, smoke rolling off her lips with each word, “I would like to have lunch with you and Obie.”
The front door opened as they approached it and there stood Bucky, sporting nothing but sweatpants as he rubbed his face. “I thought you promised no more work tonight,” the man complained, stepping out of the way as Steve and Tony entered, leaving the door open for Clint.
So it has officially been about four years since I've posted a story, and it's not for a lack of trying! I know I've written a Mob AU before, but this story is completely different and in no way related (but hopefully better written!) . This story just happened to be the most developed in my stash of planned AUs and other works. I wanted to try my hand at writing a Female Tony, as well as a Stuckony story line, so here we go!
She accompanies him to the Smithsonian, an exhibit that helps him remember more about himself, who he used to be.
“Ow,” he said, not sure if he’d activated the comm channel first, but pretty sure he was supposed to have reported more than that. Constructing a complete sentence seemed beyond him at the moment, however.
“Whoa, Tony, you made Cap swear!” Clint says with a grin.
“Tony, doll, you know it’s a trap.” Bucky kept his weapon at the ready, though from their current shelter behind a rock they were probably out of any direct line of fire.
Tony swallows and manages to ask, “What if it were you?”
,” he said, eyes drifting down Bucky’s naked body, not seeming to care he was just as nude (and rather attractive himself, not that Bucky was looking). “Hello, handsome,” he said, “Fancy meeting another shifter out here. I’m Tony, and you are?”
When Nat came into his room, Steve could tell he wasn’t going to like what she had to tell him.
“Moment of truth?” Tony asked.
“Tony?” Bucky’s confused voice comes down from the bed. “What are you doing down there?”
Tony quickly adjusted the plum placements and turned back to Bucky, who was finally looking up at him.
Then Bucky noticed the growth wasn’t entirely green. There were patches of color.
“You can get the next one, okay?” Steve offered as a compromise.
Tony’s mouth quirks in a not-quite smile. “Yes and no. It was her idea, and we do love each other, but... we’re not
Steve looked up from his ale. Since leaving the knighthood, he’d been wandering, not sure if he was looking for rest or a new sense of purpose, but figuring the former was more likely in this small town. The men, rowdy though they were, now had his curiosity piqued. “Sorry, give what a go?”
In the control room, Steve stares at the view, no longer empty. The shapes are too far to see detail with the naked eye, but sensors show two human-shaped space suits, their thrusters sending them in the direction of the station. There are no ships nearby, but the alarms had evidently been set off by a large explosion. Had it been a ship?
“Uh, hello,” the man greeted them, a nervous smile on his lips. Now that he was only a few feet away, Steve noticed more details--the long lashes, the muscular arms, the necklace with a blue shell that almost seemed to glow. He was beautiful.
Steve was cleaning the stove when Tony came in, walked to the coffee pot, and turned it on, all without saying a word.
“How about a job instead?” Tony interrupted.
The mark had been visible again for over a week when Steve asked Tony for help finding his friend Barnes, who’d apparently been used by Hydra as a weapon for decades, tried to kill Steve, saved him, and then gone on the run.
Rhodes debated for a moment, then sighed. “Tony’s planning to aim for the sky. He wants Rogers to kill him.”
The rest of the meal is gratifyingly question-free.
Or had it been the wormhole?
“Are you building me a suit?”
.” Most of it is the fault of Tiberius Stone and some unknown one-night-stands who had probably just wanted bragging rights for bedding the famous Tony Stark. But, Steve acknowledges, it is his own fault as well. “I’m sorry I didn’t realize it sooner.”
It would just be a lot easier if Tony weren’t such a self-sacrificing idiot.
Fury insists on assigning Steve a security detail, because someone is apparently after Captain America. They haven’t gotten details from the attacker yet to determine who he’s working for, but they’re pretty sure he wasn’t working alone. Steve’s not sure the SHIELD agents will be much help against someone prepared to take on a supersoldier, but he doesn’t care enough to fight the command, as long as he can go to the hospital to see Tony.
not the one who jumped into the path of an angry sorceress’ spell,” Tony shoots back. “In nothing but your spangly costume, for fuck’s sake. You had no reason to jump in front of me!”
“Then respect that. Mourn him, but give his sacrifice the credit he is due.”
It’s been three weeks since the end of the war. Three weeks since Tony knocked Steve out, took the station’s shuttle through the wormhole, and destroyed the passage from the other side, preventing any more Chitauri from making it through to terrorize this end of the galaxy... preventing any chance of his ever returning home.
“Ah, so this is revenge, is it?” Steve asked with a grin. He was surprised when Tony didn’t joke along, but instead frowned more deeply. “Tony, what’s wrong?”
Now, Steve smiled as he heard the laughs and shrieks of merriment from outside as he started a pot on the stove for good old-fashioned hot chocolate. After losing everything once, he knew how important it was to spend time with loved ones.
The swimmer--Tony--turned his head back just slightly to give Steve a smile and a nod, then turned away and vanished beneath the surface.
Usually when Tony accepted payment for his blacksmithing services in trade it was for food or supplies, sometimes raw materials or metal items that could be melted down. Very rarely did he accept magic items as payment, as such things often had a way of causing more trouble than they were worth.
“I--”
“Indeed,” Thor agrees.
“Do you think they would get in trouble for that?”
“Let’s just say I doubt he could do with four hands what you can do with just one.” Tony felt that was an understatement regarding Hammer’s capabilities, but it got the point across. “Look, you showed me you’ve got the skills. I suspect radios aren’t all you’ve worked with, but even if they are, I can teach you what you need to fix whatever else people bring in. You’re polite but also seem comfortable with silence. Not sure what else I could ask for in a worker.” Tony refrained from mentioning the side benefit of Bucky being easy on the eyes. “So, do you want the job?”
A wisp of smoke.
Steve stared at Tony. “Oh.” Then, because he’s an idiot, he finds himself saying, “It really doesn’t hurt that much.”
it!” Stone shouted, and he was suddenly reaching for a gun at his belt--
“I... guess I caught a robot fish?” Steve said, finding himself pulling his catch the rest of the way in. Instead of setting it in his empty bucket, he put down his rod to cradle the mechanical fish in both hands, holding it up to his face. It was actually kind of cute, and gave another little warbling beep. “Hey there, fella, you got a name?”
In return, Steve learns about the team:
The first oddity is the nightly thunderstorms. Storms themselves aren’t unusual in New York this time of year, so Tony thinks nothing of it, at first. Still, when a particularly thunderous storm happens a fourth evening in a row, once again starting shortly after dinner and ending before Steve comes to the workshop to drag Tony to bed, Tony notices the pattern.
“Is there a way to release you?” Tony wasn’t sure if the man could actually answer that question, when the only communication he had was through his eyes.
As the roommate left, Steve cleared his throat. “Right, well, thanks for coming to return that,” he said, pointing at the coat Tony had nearly forgotten he was holding.
“Fuck!”
They end up using the bed one more time that morning. It fits three a lot more easily when they’re not sleeping.
“Da--!” Spider-Man started, then cut himself off and continued in a strangely deeper voice, “Er, Mr. Stark. Iron Man. Thanks for the save, there.”
Peter gave a nervous laugh. “Oh. Yeah, you were there for that.”
“You left me for Barnes.”
He hasn’t been outside in these storms, or even looked closely out the window, or checked the weather reports. So it’s when he steps out onto the roof that he first confirms that the rain seems localized, extending no more than a block or two in each direction, centered on Avengers Tower.
“Sit. I’m Tony, what can I call you?” Tony turned to start collecting the needed supplies, but he heard the chair move and assumed the man had finally taken a seat.
Now Tony stood in front of the enchanted mirror, intrigued. The figure in the mirror moved as he did, lifting first one arm, then the other, as he did, behaving as any normal mirror would.
But when he puts the gun to his head, the woman--Maria--says, “
Peter started to lift the mask away from his face, presumably to answer the question, but Tony pointed a finger at him and said, “No. Not you.” He looked back to Steve, brows raised.
“Legend says you and Bucky Barnes were romantically involved.” (“...False.”) (The pause before that answer is... interesting.)
Tony started to glare, then shrugged. “Sure. JARVIS, I want protocols in place to alert me, or Steve or Nat if I’m not available, if you detect that Bucky is awake and unresponsive for more than five minutes.”
Tony said nothing more for a minute, wondering what the alien would say if Tony didn’t explain his presence, but the Skrull just watched him in silence.
He’s sure that things are not going to be easy after this, that Bucky and probably Tony as well will need healing from both physical and emotional traumas, but Steve is sure that they can get through it.
“...Tony?” Steve asked
“Legend says the Howling Commandos once holed up in a brothel and everyone got laid except you.” (“Partly true.”) (Tony is disappointed Steve doesn’t specify which part is true, but he enjoys the blush regardless.)
“I’ve got it,” Steve answered, then added belatedly, “But thank you.” He moved the leg in the cast from the ottoman to the arm of the couch opposite Tony, then lowered his head down into Tony’s lap.
Bucky felt warm at the admission, as much as he wished Tony could take care of himself even when he wasn’t around. “Well, I’m here, now, and I’ll--whoa!” He started to turn his lover towards the door only to find something unexpected in his path.
“Wait, this is suddenly not fair!” Tony protested, but the smile on his face was as wide and happy as Peter’s had been at seeing Steve out here with them.
?” she asked, not as firmly as she was clearly intending.
Bucky looked up at Tony repeatedly at first, but eventually focused on the repair, securing the radio against his chest as needed when not having a second hand complicated the job. Tony had to stop himself from reaching out to help a few times, but it turned out his help was unnecessary. Bucky’s right hand’s fingers were deft, working together to hold and remove and place and turn with impressive ease.
It was fish-shaped, and it flopped about like a fish, but it seemed to be man-made. Not like those wall-mounted singing bass, but intricately designed and built from dozens of mismatched pieces of metal. Most of it was grey, some bronze, and it appeared to be strung together with a hodgepodge of materials--some organic, some not.
“Iron Man,” Steve said, “You stick around and help direct the HAZMAT teams, but once they have what they need, you can head back to get your armor cleaned up. We’re going to head back and get this stuff off.”
“We--” Steve stops. “No. He made the decision.”
Tony shakes his head. “I didn’t want you to,” he replies dismissively.
, doesn’t matter! But even if it’s for a shorter time than it is for us vanilla humans, it
The dragon stared at him for a moment, and while Steve hadn’t thought dragons could cry, he thought one of the large bronze eyes looked a little watery. “I... I think I would like that... friend.” He smiled again, an expression that could have been frightening but instead made Steve feel warm inside.
The problem was, two of Tony’s greatest sins were ones he couldn’t regret: loving another man, and planning to take his own life.
The sight of their closeness squeezed Tony’s heart. He told himself it would all end soon.
With flight impossible, he had to do something. Whatever was attacking him, he’d have slightly better chances as a human than as a small, grounded bird.
“Because if you couldn’t, you’d use your safeword, right?”
“Pepper,” the dragon said, fangs revealing themselves as he smiled. “She...” he paused, looking at Steve assessingly for a moment, before continuing, “Don’t tell the other townsfolk, but she visits me sometimes, brings me supplies.”
“Why would I leave?” Steve asks incredulously.
“I like it, too,” Steve admits, “But I won’t like it after this unless I can trust that you’ll tell me if it tips over into
Later, when they’re both cleaned up, Steve will feel a much more pleasant kind of dizzy when they share their first kiss.
The others were already there, and Tony saw his opponent’s second before he saw Steve. The two had their heads bowed toward each other, Steve’s right arm on Barnes’ armless left shoulder.
Only then does Steve let himself turn to Tony, who’s still holding his arm and grimacing. “How bad is it?” There doesn’t seem to be a lot of blood, so that’s a good sign, at least.
Tony is quiet for a moment, then takes a deep shuddering breath that turns into a sob. His eyes get watery and he takes more gasping breaths, rolling onto his side facing Steve and curling in on himself.
In fairness, wolf Bucky didn’t know the parrot was another shifter...
“Well, we have all heard a lot about Captain America. We don’t really know Steve Rogers yet,” Natasha points out. “How about we take turns telling you things we’ve heard, and you can tell us if they’re true, partly true, or false?”
“God, yes,” Bucky enthuses. “And...” He gives Tony a wicked grin, eyes drifting down meaningfully before going back up to his face. “I’m thinking a celebratory dessert tonight.”
“I know,” Tony said, pretty sure Steve still didn’t really know who he was. “But you deserve it, and I thought you might need it.”
He thinks he’s seen women here before, even well-dressed ones, but there’s something off about her even before she starts screaming.
Steve frowned. “That flower thing from fairy tales?” He’d heard stories around school when he was a kid that someone or another was coughing up flowers because of true love, but as someone who spent half their summer coughing up blood, it was easy to dismiss as fairy tale nonsense.
Steve laughs. “Maybe later, I’m here to see your dad?”
“What’s--?” She takes a few heaving breaths, then visibly calms herself. “I’m... I’m dead, aren’t I?” She looks at him, fury in her eyes. “I’m dead, because you murdered me. You murdered my husband. So now I suppose I’m haunting you.” She looks around. “Howard? Are you here?” When there’s no reply, she looks back to him. “Well, if it’s just me, I’ll have to do my best on my own to make you regret what you’ve done.”
“You remember that night when we were all trying to lift Mjolnir?” Steve says, and Tony nods, trying not to think about what had happened later that night. “I knew I could lift it then, but the look on Thor’s face stopped me. I didn’t want to embarrass him.”
Steve put down the knife and turned off the stove.
...” Steve means for it to come out as reprimanding (though he should’ve learned by now Tony never reacts well to that), but his voice cracks with emotion instead.
Ned noticed him and his expression turned to relief, then back to fear. “Peter’s Pop! You’re--you gotta save him, he went in there!”
Right. The actual reason he’s here is not to treat a powerful, practically all-knowing being as his personal therapist. “Yes, of course,” he says, and opens the briefcase.
Tony stared at him intently, then sat down next to him. He looked down at the moat of pillows separating him from Steve. “Okay. You don’t want us to worry. I’m gonna worry regardless. You don’t want me to offer you useless junk that doesn’t help--like pillows, apparently--so I can try to stop doing that. But if there’s anything you can think of that might possibly help you, then helping you will make me feel better, too. Even if that’s ‘go away and leave me alone’, I’ll do whatever it is you want, okay?” He met Steve’s eyes, dark eyes full of promise, commitment, and maybe something more.
He doesn’t end up throwing up on Bucky. It’s worse. But... it’s also one of the best days of his life.
Natasha takes note of the guilty look on Thor’s face, but says nothing.
A trap is laid and an Avenger goes down.
The best, worst part of it was... Tony really seemed happy.
Well, honestly, a tiny part of him expected Tony’s whole “My lawyers have gotten the Accords shelved and full amnesty for all of you, even Robo-Barnes” pronouncement to be a trap. And really, most of him expected the awkwardness as Tony welcomed the wayward Avengers back into the compound. The fidgeting, the quick, joyless smiles Tony gave Sam, Wanda, Clint, and Scott weren’t surprising, nor the wince as his eyes slid past Bucky.
He was halfway through chopping the chocolate when he heard a bubbling laugh and groan of
Steve pauses, slowing the roll of his hips. He knows Tony has to be tired, but, “You can, sweetheart. You know how I know?”
,” Tony breathed, now grabbing the ring like Steve was going to take it away, shoving it on his own finger, and then pulling Steve up into a deep kiss.
Tony hesitates. He’s not giving someone else’s secret if he doesn’t give their names, right? “They... were kissing.”
“Thanks for the vote of confidence, Brucie. And you don’t actually have to watch, just be there. For after.”
“He left to go to you.”
Then came several traditional bauble ornaments, each carefully hand-painted with the face of someone on the team. That had to have been Steve.
“...Did you just give me your coat?” Tony asked.
“Hey!”
Tony’s brow wrinkled in thought. “Snowball,” he said after a moment, nodding decisively.
“Oh.” Bucky looks sheepish. “Sorry. Are you okay?”
“In the cage,” Natasha orders, and the animals are placed in the several-cubed-foot cage they’ve acquired to keep them confined. Because she’s positive Tony will not agree to alien rodents running around underfoot and unsupervised, even if the rest of her plan goes smoothly.
though they are alive, both of his lovers have trauma regarding cold like this. Sure, they’ve proven they can weather such elements better than unaugmented humans, but it’s going to be rough on them, both physically and emotionally.
He nearly gagged, hand flying up to cover his nose and mouth as he looked around for his attacker.
The Avengers’ family Christmas tree.
“Nu-uh, I didn’t!”
Tony looked down at his arm, wincing. “Right, there’s that. Well, I wouldn’t say it’s
Steve opened his mouth, but no words came out. This wasn’t how he’d expected this to go at all. No shouting, no biting words, no anger to push through and come out the other side as friends again. Just... this blank nothingness.
“What do you mean?” Steve asked, his heart suddenly pounding hard in his chest.
Then the giant alien squid-thing exploded, sending a bright green goo in every direction in a half-block radius.
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony laughed, reaching out to take them and hug them to his chest. “I love them. Won them for me in a game of skill, did you?”
pulled up alongside the ship they’d subdued, Captain Rogers was first aboard, trusting his crew to have his back. Bucky Barnes, his first mate, followed close behind.
“It means when you like someone and want to kiss them. Do you know who my daddy fancies?”
“Hey,” Bucky responded first, his voice easy and not betraying the hint of wariness Steve saw in his tense shoulders. “Out for a swim?”
“So are you,” Tony returns, and there’s something speculative in his eyes.
Well, sure, his heart seems to be pounding out ‘he’s single, he’s single’ as blood rushes in his ears, but that’s not what’s important right now. “I know you love her, so I’m sorry, it must be difficult.”
He first sees the woman when he’s in the chair, about to be wiped again.
A stubborn look crossed the blond’s face. “I get by just fine, I don’t need your charity.”
“We only brought home the three, though,” Steve rushed to say, like he worried Tony would protest to having a room full of stuffed toys. (Normal people probably would, wouldn’t they? Pepper hadn’t seemed to appreciate a similar gift from Tony when they had dated, now that he thought about it...) “We gave the rest to kids around the park.”
“Told you he’d want a look at that arm,” Maria says with a grin.
Tony grinned, moving the hot dog and nodding at the seat.
The pattern continued through his adulthood. Except it wasn’t really a pattern. It reappeared seemingly at random, sometimes a few months after the previous occurrence, sometimes up to ten years. It lasted between a few hours and, once, almost two weeks, though normally just a few days.
