he does.  “Swallow,” he orders roughly as he goes deep and stays there, throwing his head back and groaning louder—but sadly, nowhere near loud enough to alert the rest of the sleeping camp.  The soft choking sounds from Dean increase, joined by gagging, and Michael finally starts to draw back.  “Every bit, now,” he tells Dean.  Castiel watches, unable to hold back a shudder as Michael reaches down, finger scooping up a single drop that spills over Dean’s chin and tucking it tenderly into his mouth.
Dean cut him off, making sure to sound respectful, and playing for a little more time, “No, Sir, I can choose.  Thank you.”
, in thanks for the squealing fangirl moment I had when I discovered that she actually read and liked my work.
He turned his head sharply toward it, because he absolutely had to have been seeing things.  It must’ve been his overactive imagination, one of those things that floated across the inside of your eye and made you think you saw movement, a delusion, something.  There was just no way in hell that—holy shit.
Dean made a low sound of mingled protest and plea, and Cas chuckled behind him.  “I think ten will serve as a reasonable reminder to watch your mouth when you speak to your elders, Mr. Winchester.”
Crossing the room to his pajama drawer and shuddering just a little at the way the silk moved against him as he walked, Dean pulled out a pair of flannel pants and stepped into them.  He topped them with an ancient plain black long-sleeved tee, so old and worn it was nearly as thin and at least as soft as the panties hiding beneath his pants.  Then he padded back down the hall toward the library on bare feet.
Dean gasped, his own cock taking immediate notice at the sharp stabs of pain that spread from his scalp downward.  His head was pulled up sharply, until his eyes met Cas’s, and the thunderclouds that roiled in them were as far from sulky as anything Dean had ever seen.  Indeed, what roared to life in Castiel’s eyes was simmering vengeance, feeding on the desire of five long days of self-denial.  Dean took a moment to be profoundly grateful that CBT was down as a hard limit, because the look in Cas’s eyes made Dean think he might’ve gotten great pleasure out of enforcing an ‘eye for an eye’ repayment plan.  The voice that emerged from the angel who towered above Dean bore no resemblance whatsoever to the stiff, slightly awkward grumbling of moments ago.
“He just ain’t much a fan of the way I was made,” Castiel says after a moment’s pause, and Dean huffs out a breath that’s almost a laugh, but a bitter one, and when Cas glances up, the look Dean sends him is piercing, as if he’s looking for something and also trying to say something without quite saying it.  What he does say is plenty cryptic, but Cas finds himself remembering again that moment of heat between them the previous evening.
The angel groaned once more, eyes practically fever-hot, but no words escaped him, and after the briefest of pauses, Dean went on, driving his fingers harder, fucking a drop of precome out of himself.  It rolled off the head of his cock and dripped with perfect precision onto the head of Cas’s.
“Yeah, obviously, you know that.  Dude, what’s your point?” Dean demands, tone somewhat less than patient despite the risk.
Speaking of the angel, his face had undergone perhaps a dozen miniscule shifts in expression, so subtle that anyone but Dean likely would not have been able to spot them.  He’d started at shock and immediately transitioned to negation.  That would likely have been where it ended if Dean hadn’t made him promise to sit on his initial reaction and really think about it.  As it was, the negation had been immediately followed by a flash of what Dean easily recognized as unwilling desire.  That told him all he needed to know.  He’d been pretty damn sure Cas, for his own sake, would be on board with upping the ante.  The intent, almost fierce pleasure in Cas’s face and voice during the last strapping he’d delivered had largely convinced Dean that he wasn’t the only one who was seriously interested in trying some more intense stuff.  And, as if the unwilling desire hadn’t been enough for Dean, what followed that was a split second of unrestrained, sheer
“None of that,” Cas tells him, releasing him and shifting so that he sits facing Dean, a few inches away, “you know how I feel about you denigrating yourself.  You have indeed behaved appallingly today, but we will deal with it and move past it.  This is what we do, yes?”
“Nope, you seem to be getting the hang of it just fine,” Dean assures him gravely, and Sam pipes up, presumably tucked behind the pile of snow that probably makes a decent fort,
And, as he had told Dean during only their second meeting, what that meant was that he was a soldier.  A warrior (although it was probably worth noting that while Dean was way off on the whole Michael Landon thing, he wasn’t so wrong about Cas being a guardian as well).
Cas has to laugh, but his amusement doesn’t stop him from laying down a vigorous series of spanks across the line where Dean’s ass and thighs meet.  “Sassy,” he scolds mildly, and Dean laughs breathlessly in between grunts.
was his game.  He was going to let Dean get all worked up by the plug for the next two hours and then not fuck him tonight.  Well, fine, Dean could just—
Fairly certain he’d just ensured that he was going to have to hear a lot of noise about all of this pretty much for the rest of his life, Dean snagged Sam’s empty plate, then detoured by the table to get his own.  Grumbling his way back into the kitchen to deal with the dishes, he ground his teeth slightly when Sam called from the other room, “Hey, bring me another beer when you come back, will you?”
Wait, had that—had that been…?  Dean squinted to himself, trying to make sense of what he’d seen.  He guessed it had been vaguely human-shaped, and yeah, it had seemed mostly beige.  Given the fact that the bunker was impenetrable to the best of their knowledge and nobody was getting in or out these days, the conclusion wasn’t difficult to come to.
The silence after this pronouncement spins out for what feels like hours but is probably no more than twenty seconds—and honestly, ‘silence’ is probably overstating it.  Neither Cas nor Dean actually talks, but there’s definitely spluttering from Dean and a few abortive inhalations from Cas—the sort one makes when they’re about to start speaking and then realize they haven’t a fucking clue what to say.
something to Dean, something he didn’t quite have words for, but was powerless to resist.  Was this what Cas felt like in the moments when he looked at Dean like he was going to eat him for lunch?  Dean imagined it must’ve been something like that, because he was pretty sure he had never felt the need to devour, to take, to
Dean took a second to wonder whether Cas was just personifying the hell out of hunks of metal, or if he was actually communicating with the things in some way.  He didn’t bother to ask how the fuck the angel was managing to keep the rover’s systems from transmitting to Earth evidence of its celestial visitor.
It wasn’t until Dean had hobbled back to their room that things fully clicked into focus and he remembered the moose in the room.
“Careful,” Dean pants, “Sam will set us on fire if we damage the boo—“ Cas’s lips are at Dean’s ear, the predator in the growl never clearer than it is now.
He seemed to figure out a moment too late that there was no true emergency and attempted to put the brakes on.  The problem with this, of course, was that there aren’t actually any brakes on socks against a marble floor.
“Okay, let’s make this happen,” Dean says, striding across the room to the phone, pausing long enough to snag the glove fingertip.  It definitely takes a little effort, but the thing works.  Dean navigates his way to contacts and in a few moments, the phone is set to speaker and ringing.
When Cas opens his eyes yet again, there’s a look of dawning horror on his face.  Sam opens his mouth to speak, but Cas holds up a tiny hand to halt him.  Sam subsides into silence as Cas, scowling, sets
“Good stuff,” Sam tells them, casually lifting his hand to swipe the side of it against the side of his face a few times, tilting his head into the motion.  Cas’s head tilts in confusion, but it only takes a second for Dean to process what he’s seeing.  Sam is
“Uh, I’m not sure that’s a good idea, Sammy.  For the sake of safety, we should really leave the warding in place.  We put it there for a reason, and breaking it just for convenience seems risky.”
to be hilarious.  Either way, Dean snorted so hard he choked.  Sam didn’t seem to find Cas quite as funny as Dean did, at least in this particular instance.  Frowning at both of them, he turned back toward the piles of books he’d started to arrange on the long table, apparently deciding that if they were going to mock him he might as well get back to work.  Cas elbowed Dean urgently and unnecessarily in the side, his meaning quite clear:
“I did not hear the full list, but from what I was able to gather, among the possibilities were volunteering with the school for disabled children in town, attending church regularly, and, uh,” Oh, this was going to be good.  Dean just knew it, “refraining from engaging in any further premarital sex himself.”  Dean snorted so hard he ended up with some ham in his sinus and had an impressive sneezing fit before managing to dislodge it.  Taking the offered tissue from Cas with a nod of thanks and still chuckling weakly, Dean raised his brows.
“…or?” Dean asked, turning in his chair to continue watching the chicken, which he could swear was giving him a ‘come hither’ look.
“Yup, not a problem.  I’m on it.”  Dean made it nearly to the door that would lead him to the kitchen before he paused, irresistibly drawn to ask the question that had been niggling at him for a few days now.  “Hey, Sammy?”
It’s not especially coherent, but Cas never seems to mind that—indeed, he appears to delight in pushing Dean past the point of reason.
Unlike last night, tonight he makes it across the campsite without interruption, finding Dean chained up right where Michael and the boys left him.  His head is bent, shoulders hunched, and he looks lost in his own thoughts, buried in some kind of internal struggle Castiel can’t imagine and probably shouldn’t try to.  The man’s been through hell today and his back, beaten raw, is bound tight up against the rough bark of a tree, his returned shirt likely little protection.  Frankly, it’s amazing he’s not a wailing mess, but it’s as Castiel suspected last night, even after exchanging only a few words with Dean Winchester: he’s a man of grit and guts, one worthy of respect.
Dean raised a brow, staring down at Sam.  Seriously?  He was gonna refuse healing?  That was just dumb.  Opening his mouth to tell Sam not to be stubborn, he was stopped by Cas’s hand settling on his shoulder and squeezing hard enough to hurt.  Opening his mouth in offended protest, he caught a look at the angel’s face and snapped it right back shut.
Pleased with the possibility of burgers sometime in the next day or two, Dean headed back to his bread-making, greasing three pans and transferring the dough into each after smooshing it into something that vaguely resembled loaves.  He had another forty minutes to kill while it rose again, so he set the oven to preheat to 425 and wandered back out into the library.  Sam-the-badass was still buried in his laptop, periodically making grunts of mild frustration or exclamations of delight as he dug through ancient Incan whatever.  For once, Dean didn’t poke fun at him for being a nerd.  At this point, he would pretty much support any activity Sam wanted to engage in that didn’t involve creeping on him and Cas or self-mutilation.
Drawing back enough to get a good breath and to swallow the saliva that’s been building in his mouth, Dean leans back down, taking Cas in again.  This time, though, he doesn’t stop until Cas is buried to the hilt in his throat, Dean’s nose nudging lightly against the tight curl of black hair at his groin.  This, finally, is enough to make Cas groan aloud, fingers tightening convulsively in Dean’s hair and making him shudder.
“I am kind of occupied trying to reassemble a library out of the horror-show the two of you left in here,” he told Dean, sounding half bitchy and half good natured.
Scowling up at Sam, he remains silent, because he’s sure as hell not going to admit out loud that Sam was right.  Cas, meanwhile, finally turns to Dean, and the ferocity gleaming in his blue eyes makes Dean take a small (well, a
Now that he mentioned it, Dean did feel distinctly gross.  Cas had clearly done his best to clean him up over the course of the day and the duo of orgasms, but Dean could still feel a couple of crusty patches that suggested Cas had missed a few spots, and that wasn’t even mentioning the multiple times that Dean had been bathed in sweat today.  Frowning a little, Dean turned his head to sniff at his armpit and recoiled in horror.  “Jesus Christ, Cas, why didn’t you mention sooner?  I smell like…” Dean trailed off, unable to come up with an analogy foul enough.  Cas, who looked slightly puzzled, picked up smoothly.
pulling his swats.  Dean gasps, hands clenching into fists in the back of the familiar trenchcoat.  He barely notices that Cas is moving with quick strides until suddenly he’s again in motion, almost too fast to process.  He’ll be damned if he knows how Cas somehow managed to smoothly transfer him from over the shoulder to over the knee, but sure enough, Cas is seated solidly in a wooden chair whose legs Dean recognizes extraordinarily well (he’s spent a fair amount of time looking at them from precisely this angle), and Dean himself is draped over one of his knees.  Before he can try to scramble up, the angel has thrown his other leg over both of Dean’s, neatly putting to rest any hopes of kicking or squirming his way free.
Dean stares just as blankly back at him.  Is this some kind of test?  It’s not like this isn’t common knowledge…?  “Dean…Winchester?” He says, as if it’s a question, which it goddamned well ain’t.  He may not know much about his circumstances, and he may not live a whole lot longer, but this one thing he’s damn sure of, so he says it again, with greater certainty.  “Dean.  Winchester.”
Cas nodded the go-ahead to Dean, and without any further reasons to delay, Dean slowly stretched himself out over the angel’s lap.  Once he got halfway there, Cas rested a hand on the back of his neck, guiding him into place.  A few seconds went by as they settled themselves more comfortably (insofar as it was possible for Dean to get comfortable sprawled across Cas’s lap).  Once they were both in place, Cas’s voice drifted down to Dean, clinically inquisitive.
Heads' up that Wednesday's chapter may not be posted until Thursday this week, because I've got a lot going on the next couple days.  I'll do my best, though!
The low chuckle that slid from Cas and broke over Dean carried within it the darkness he knew the angel had been tightly controlling, meticulously concealing from him, likely since the very beginning.  And it wasn’t meant for Dean.  Not really.  That sound wasn’t performance, it was an uncontrollable expression of nearly cruel pleasure at the sight laid out before Cas.  And despite, or perhaps because, it wasn’t meant for Dean, it hit him all the more powerfully.
“—and as a matter of simple self-preservation, tend to avoid humans whenever possible.  But, being somewhat more intelligent than the average of my species, if you will pardon me, I developed interest in what the Men of Letters were up to and would go on what seemed to me at the time quite ambitious adventures to spy on and observe the happenings within the bunker.”
Cas wiggled his finger a little, the instruction unspoken but no less clear for that.  Dean leaned forward the necessary inch or two to take the digit into his mouth, giving it a leisurely, unnecessarily thorough clean-up.  He didn’t particularly enjoy the slightly bitter, salty taste of his own spunk, but he sure as hell did enjoy the effect this had upon Cas, who drew in a slightly unsteady breath.  “As I suspected, Mr. Winchester.  That mouth clearly has more uses than merely sarcasm and backtalk, doesn’t it?”
Dean gawped at him, pretty sure he must look a little addled, but still trying to get his wits about him after Cas had flung them all over the floor with that brief but delicious display of dominance.
Sometime later, Dean would find himself forced to do some soul-searching as to whether Cas was a bit of a sadist because that was simply how he was, or because Dean had one
No.  No, as it turns out, he’s not.  A closer look (and the sound of a soft snort) convinces Dean that Cas is actually barely managing to contain his laughter.
Dean has next to no time to brace himself when the fingers withdraw, leaving his muscles clenching futilely around empty air.  The hand that was digging into his cheek eases up before Cas lightly grazes his fingernails along the tender skin, making Dean’s entire body jerk sharply.  He almost misses the telltale sound of flesh being slicked up in the background, squeezing his eyes shut and setting his jaw in the split second before both of Cas’s hands lock around his hips and jerk him back into the driving cock.
“You know they say you ought never to use any mushrooms you ain’t real certain of,” Cas informs him with an earnestness that would be endearing even if it weren’t underlain with such mischief.  “Some of ‘em look mighty like the others, and poisoning ain’t the only thing as can happen to a man who eats the wrong one.”
“Exactly,” Dean affirmed before, remembering something, he went on, “Now, you said you had two things you wanted to talk to me about.  Was that them?  The specific thought issue and the general one?  Or is there something else?”
He’s so wrapped up in his imaginings that it takes him at least half a second to realize what he’s looking at when he first approaches the clearing that’s harbored Dean Winchester for five days now, and at least another few seconds to believe it.
laugh, and Dean is so wrapped up in sensation that it takes him a few moments to process that Cas is speaking.  He’s not sure how much he’s missed before he tunes in. “—lovely that pleading is.  Music to my ears, if you will, but as I’ve said, you will get more when I am good and ready to give it to you, and I’ve been sorely neglecting those lovely round cheeks in favor of that greedy little hole.  Why, I have not even touched your thighs yet.  I am, as you might say, falling down on the job.”
Dean knew this because thirty seconds ago, as the hot water from a pair of showerheads splashed down on them, Cas had grabbed the scruff of Dean’s neck when he bent over to wash his feet, frog-marched him forward five steps, shoved him to his knees (suddenly there was a thickly folded towel right where they landed, thanks angel mojo) and bent him over the metal bench.  Why there was a metal bench bolted to the middle of the floor in the shower room had been a topic of debate for quite some time now, and for the first time Dean wondered whether maybe
Cas somehow has always known the perfect length of time to wait between hits.  Just long enough for the pain to peak, for Dean to really feel each individual stripe, and not so long that he can really start to recover.  It means the pain just builds on itself, both the surface sting and the deeper throb growing ever more intense.
It’s actually kind of impressive, how effortlessly he manages to check whether Dean’s ass really is too tender to allow for even gentle sex.  Without pausing or pulling out of the scene, he’s giving Dean an easy out that doesn’t require use of his safeword.
Cas searches his face and must like what he sees there, because his lips curve upward just slightly, eyes impossibly warm, and it’s not until a small noise sounds from the window that either of them actually remembers they’ve got company.  Stuart squeaks something in a tone Dean would swear sounds kind of amused and kind of exasperated, and his face seems to bear that out when Dean glances over at him.  He turns back to Cas, looking for a translation, and finds Cas grinning.
“I will remain on task and not distract the other students in class.  That is your line, Mr. Winchester.”  Dean nodded grudgingly and bent back to the pad, finishing the line before he looked back up at Cas in defiance.  His cursive had been perfect.  Cas nodded once in recognition, then tapped the pad with two fingers, urging Dean to go on.  He did.
If the spirit moves you, stop by the comments, let me know if you're still reading and invested in this (it's been foreeeever), and tell me how much you hate me.
Dean blinked several times, mind returning to the haphazard piles of books, the discarded notepads, plates, and glasses that littered the big table, and the remains of the toppled book pile that were still scattered across the library floor.  Oops.  Yeah, if he’d thought far enough ahead, he could’ve predicted this response from Sam.  Grimacing a little at Cas, he shrugged and opted to look on the bright side.
“There’s one other way you can end this,” Dean whispered, leaning close enough that his vision was swallowed up by that intense blue, close enough that Cas could see nothing other than Dean’s eyes staring back.  “All you have to do is tell me you forgive yourself.  All you have to do is tell me you trust yourself.  You tell me that and I’ll untie you, let you put your hands anywhere you want them, let you do anything you want.  You tell me that and you can take back the reins.”
Cas set the other boxes aside and opened that one, unfolding the board and starting to set up the pieces.  Carefully opening the rule booklet, which was so old that the corners were crumbling, he narrated as he went.
Cas behind him, but the voice is all wrong.  Instead of his somber gravel, it’s the creepily playful cheer that is so typical of Lucifer, and what makes it worse, so goddamn much worse, is that it’s coming from Cas’s vocal chords.
The game was abandoned by mutual agreement in favor of lunch, and Dean headed to the kitchen (“You mean the
There is a several-second pause before simultaneous snorts, one large and one small, ring out from in front of and behind Dean respectively and yeah, it’s actually a little annoying to be the only one who doesn’t know what the rat is saying.  Sam opens his mouth to translate, but Cas beats him to it: “Stuart would like to assure you that he and his cohort have less than no interest in witnessing those particular activities.  He notes that he is, frankly, shocked at the insinuation, and observes with some asperity that they’ve had to place an age restriction on which rats are permitted to join the, er, enthusiast club, as you and I have a tendency to give little warning before engaging in activities that are far from child-safe.”
The silence stretched out for a few moments this time, but there was a considering air to it, so Dean let it ride.  Finally, Sam responded, just a little grudgingly.  “…okay.”
The sheer pink satin poorly conceals the very light pink tinge of the rounded cheeks beneath it, the panties displaying those gorgeous curves to great advantage.    “Oh,” Cas says, soft and a little reverent, unable to resist stroking his fingers across the silken fabric guarding one of his favorite surfaces.  It takes a concerted effort to clear his throat and get back the proper demeanor.  “My goodness,” he says, “what a lovely surprise.  For me?”
“I do love that sound,” Cas observes, dragging a stumbling Dean over toward the lone hard-backed chair the dungeon boasts.  It’s been some time since the room has seen a prisoner (except, Dean supposes, himself in moments like these), and he’s pretty sure the chair is in exactly the same place it was left the last time Cas hauled him down here.  He fully expects to end up in the same, all-too-familiar position—draped across Cas’s lap—so it takes half a second to recognize what’s happening when instead, Cas simply plants a single foot on the seat of the chair and effortlessly bends Dean across his upraised knee.
Steal one, he means, and Dean is inexplicably proud of the angel for being more focused on getting back to Sam than on petty concerns like property rights.
Whatever.  Inadequate metaphor or not, the point is that nothing is ever easy.  Not even now, after Dean somehow managed to save the world without unleashing some even greater evil (and that’s, like, never happened before).
“Yeah, I’ve been reading some of the accounts written by the archaeologists who made the discovery. Obviously, they don’t actually know what they’re looking at, but I’m pretty sure they’ve stumbled on a trove of ancient supernatural lore!  It’ll be months before they really catalogue what they’ve found and have it available online, though, which is really frustrating.  I’m stuck trying to sift through little scraps of pictures and information they’ve posted as examples, and seeing what I can fit together from that, so—“
self.  Funny how that worked.  Hovering over Cas with the angel’s cock rubbing against him, catching on his rim—well, it wouldn’t seem to be the set-up for emotional revelations, but their relationship had never exactly been traditional, had it?
He may not be able to stop this in its entirety, but maybe if he’s very careful, if he’s very strategic indeed, he can temper the worst of the brutality.
“God,” Dean groans, “are you ever gonna shut up and fu—fuck m—ah, shit!” his demand is cut off in a curse as Cas lays by far the hardest smack yet just over the plug.
The vibrations recede as Sam exits, and a moment later Cas and Gregor appear at the door to the house.
That is how Sam will find him, late tomorrow night.  Naked but for a pair of sweatpants and a trenchcoat, skin burned shiny red and raw by the scalding shower, staring blankly into the smoldering fireplace, as if searching it for answers.
The thickened voice that responded was confirmation of what Dean already suspected—whatever was going on, it had inspired tears in a creature that very rarely cried.  “I am—fine,” Cas ground, as if each word had been dragged agonizingly along a cheese grater on its way out.
It doesn't matter how many times he sees it; Dean will never get used to the sight of Sam's blood spilled all over the floor.
“I’m not going to remove the…the thing before I get back here.”  What 18-year-old was going to comfortably talk about the butt plug his teacher had inserted in his ass?
“I did,” Dean confirms, quite honestly.  “Amazing what knowing your little brother isn’t being disemboweled will do for your REM cycles.”
Dean mixes it up a little this time and heads for one of his guilty pleasures, a site whose tag-line says something about “no women allowed.”  He’s been watching gay porn for as long as he’s been watching porn, but it’s only in the last couple years that he’s started to half-admit to himself that, yeah, he might be just a little less than straight.  He loves women—adores their soft, sweet curves, the roundness of their hips and boobs and asses.  That much is not in question.  It’s just that sometimes, when his hand slips under the covers at night or down his torso to his groin while hot water streams down his body in the shower, he’s not thinking of soft curves and round hips.  Sometimes, he’s thinking of broad shoulders, firm chests, and narrow hips.  So, okay, he might be a little bi, and he guesses the fact that he’s even able to think it means that he’s made progress in accepting himself as he is or whatever.
Cas, however, appeared in no mood to be humored.  He did not allow Dean to pull his hand away, continuing to jealously guard the offended area and making a small sound that was clearly intended to transmit disbelief at Dean’s concern.  With sudden insight, Dean knew his best bet was to change tactics.  He took half a step forward, until he was crowding just inside Cas’s personal space, then reached out to settle his hands on Cas’s waist.  Before this could either alarm or piss off the disgruntled angel, Dean slid to his knees, lightly smoothing his hands down over Cas’s naked hips, then along the outside of his thighs before sliding around to grasp the back of them.  Dropping his lids, he gazed up at Cas from under the lashes he knew were long and gorgeous, mostly because women never stopped telling him so.  Dean settled his ass onto his heels, splaying his thighs wide, and slowly ran the tip of his tongue along his bottom lip.  When he spoke, it was in his most sensuous, smoky voice.
Dean’s phone, which is nearly as big as he is, sits against the wall opposite the bed.  The fake television has been removed to make room for it, and the loveseat and armchairs now cluster around it in such a way that they still won’t impede view of the thing from the bed.  Sam has even carefully removed one of the window panes and snaked the phone’s charger in through it.  Dean assumes the other side is plugged into the wall, obviating any concerns about the phone running out of battery.
“I…” Dean struggled to drag the words out of himself, and finally, in desperation, drew his hands behind himself and crossed them at the small of his back, in the clearest invitation he could muster without words.  Cas took pity on him and let it slide, this time.
“Still getting hit with the grunt work, eh?  Feed and water the prisoner before Michael takes first watch?”
For the moment, though, he’s on his feet in a heartbeat, Cas sliding off the bed after him.  Dean has only just opened his mouth to say—shit, he doesn’t know what he would’ve said, and it’s immaterial anyway, because the booming noise is so loud that it has both of them slamming their hands over their ears and yelping in pain.
Chapter-specific tags:  I...don't even know.  Uh...porn-slapping?  Pizza-man references?  Fake sex?  Seriously, I have no idea.
The angle of the sun tells him it’s gotta be closing in on eleven.  He slept for almost ten hours, and if he’s not mistaken, Cas is likely to sleep longer if Dean lets him.
Grimacing a little bit in anticipation of Cas’s reaction, Dean took a deep breath and went for it.  “I’ve been thinking, and I have an idea.”  Cas quirked a brow in inquiry and invitation, and Dean forged ahead.  “So, I did a little bit of side research on this Elisabeth Kübler-Ross chick and her theory.  Depression is stage four.  Once this…weird little mourning period of Sam’s started, he’s reliably gone through one phase every time he caught us.  But there’s five phases, not four.”
Cas remained in his chair, again steepling his fingers as he looked steadily at Dean.  “Not at all, Mr. Winchester, and I advise you to watch your language.  I will not be forgetting your disrespect.  I thought I had made our terms quite clear, but if you would prefer the 500 lines, I have several extra pads of paper, and I am not the one bound by a strict schedule.  The decision is entirely in your hands."
Sam had really remarkable timing, because while Cas was literally in mid-climax, a perfunctory knock came at the door, followed by Sam’s voice and the creak of the hinges as the door cracked open.
A concussion shook the table slightly and rattled the lights in their fixtures.  Dean felt his ears pop.  He and Cas had both risen from the table and were gazing around them, looking for the cause of the disturbance, but Sam, for once, looked unconcerned.
One of those things he was pretty damn comfortable delivering to his impossibly interfering brother.  The other (despite his brief weak moment of longing while Cas’s blood still dripped from his hands) he was not—would never.
I am not going to leave you hanging here for an unknown length of time.  I've got a fair amount of travel time tomorrow in which to write, and I fully intend to have another chapter (my last prior to my hiatus) finished and posted for you late tomorrow evening.
“Before you say anything,” he went on, and Dean didn’t bother to tell the angel that he hadn’t had half a clue what he might say, “I advise you to think very carefully.”
She was too little to be a real draw for farm work, and that was what 16-year-old Dean had been sent to find.  A strapping young man to help Sam out with chores around the small farm Ma ran while Pop and Dean were off with…other endeavors.
Dean couldn’t quite hold back a little squirm at the threat.  The friction that produced caused a wave of sensation in his cock that neatly straddled the razor’s edge between pleasure and pain.  Dean could just make out the knowing smirk that flashed across Cas’s face. Yeah, the angel knew exactly what was going on here.  Dean took a second to catch his breath, then allowed himself a long-suffering sigh before he went ahead and responded to the interruption with some good-natured, gentle teasing, “you know ‘I’m not gonna lie to you’ is actually just an idiom, right?  I mean, don’t get me wrong,” he added hastily, spotting potential trouble and cutting it off at the pass, “I definitely
Sudden awareness came upon him the next morning.  He was lying on his left side, right leg bent and resting on the bed. The first thing he registered was the hot, hard length pressed between his cheeks.  His
As it happens, he doesn’t need to beg.  Cas is only too eager to get on with it without any prompting, and it turns out the position he’s forced Dean into was multipurpose, because before Dean can release the grip on his ass, Cas has seized his wrists.  He crosses them together effortlessly and uses the belt Dean’s already so well acquainted with to bind his hands snugly at the small of his back.  It all happened fast enough to leave Dean reeling, and the fact that Cas instantly pulls Dean upright and marches him right back to that fucking chair doesn’t help any.  It takes no time at all for Cas to be seated solidly in the chair, both feet planted on the floor, and then all it takes is a single yank and Dean tumbles forward over his knees, totally unable to arrest his fall without the use of his hands.  Cas catches him, of course, and neatly adjusts him just so, until Dean is sprawled over his lap.  A second later, Cas is pressing something small into his hand.  “Shake if you remember your signals,” he instructs smoothly, and Dean shakes the small cat toy, causing the bell inside it to jingle merrily.  Bound, gagged, and helpless he may be.  Without recourse, he is not.
the answer would be no.  If I thought you were sacrificing yourself on the altar of proving that you still trust me and that I am still in control, I would not even be considering this.”
The tears have overflowed his eyes by now, but he hasn’t devolved into full-on weeping.  Yet.  His pleas spiral into silence as he tries to catch his breath, fingernails digging hard into the top of the wooden box.
He’s almost fallen back to sleep when Dean speaks up, voice idle.  “What do you think about going out for brunch?”
“You know, for somebody who’s always given me shit about my table manners, I think you’ve just lost that right forever,” Dean adds as Sam finishes chewing and swallows.
“I know, I know,” Dean interrupts, “I interrupted, but you and I both know that once you get started on that particular topic you don’t even pause for breath, so—”
There is a strained moment in which Michael is fairly sure Dean’s attempting to murder him with eyes alone, but as the seconds pass, he sees the knowledge that this is the best offer he’s likely to get settle into Dean’s gaze, and with it, resignation.  There’s still fury there, but resolve dawns alongside it, and just like that, Michael knows he has him.  Dean nods once, firmly, and Michael smiles.
“If you will pardon me,” an icy, somehow still gravelly squeak comes from behind Dean, “I do not know what a Smurf is, but can we focus on the fact that Dean has somehow managed to
No sooner has he obeyed the directive than he hears a familiar slick sound behind him, and a moment later Cas is sliding home, earning a low groan from Dean.  The entry is easy—after all, Cas fucked him open scarcely more than an hour ago—but there’s still and always something so intense about that moment of first entry.  And that’s even before Cas’s sharp hipbones make contact with Dean’s bruised ass.
Once that’s accomplished, he forces himself to focus again, to go through the things he knows.  Sam has been taken against his will.  He’s injured, but alive.  A blonde lady Cas has never seen before took him, and she had help.  There’s no way she could’ve carried Sam out of here alone.  Whoever they were—this woman and her accomplices—they know about the existence of the supernatural.  They know about angels—not just that they exist, but how to banish them. They know about the bunker, where it is and how to get inside.  They knew that when Sam and Dean (Dean has to assume they were gunning for both Winchesters; they couldn’t possibly have known the specifics of the plan to foil Amara) returned, they would likely be accompanied by an angel.
He gets it, too, the second those fingers hit his prostate.  Dean lets out a low groan, hips squirming against the bed—although he’s not entirely sure whether he’s trying to escape the painful pleasure or intensify it.
Sam frowned, clearly thinking about whether maybe there was a cache he had tucked away from Dean at some point, then shook his head, sighing.  “Nope, don’t think so.  I gave up on hiding beer from you about eight years ago.  You’re like a goddamn bloodhound when it comes to that stuff.”
The dream picks up almost where it left off, as if it has just been waiting for Dean to give back in to sleep, as if it has been crouched over him, ready to pounce once more.
A moment later, the bed shifted slightly as a weight settled on it from the other side, and then Cas’s warm, strong, naked body (wait, when had that happened?) was pressed against Dean’s side.
ART NOTE:  The gorgeous drawing of Cas visiting Curiosity was done by the marvelous sketchydean.  Eternal delight and gratitude to them for this painful cuteness!  Now
At times like this, the sex didn’t feel like it was what they had been working up to.  It was nearly an afterthought to the piece of music they had been composing together, a coda.  Necessary to the shape of the piece, but not the point, not the main event.
“Hands, I think.”  Dean is briefly bewildered.  Hands?  Well, he didn’t think Cas was planning on taking a paddle (or whatever the hell doubles as a paddle when you’re five inches tall) to him, but— “Dean,” Cas says, a hint of steel at the core of his words although there is no true impatience to his tone, “your hands.  Now.”
He gave the part of him that chafed at the idea of surrender free rein then, allowing it to take control.  It knew exactly what to do, and wasted no time.  In the space of a heartbeat, Dean found himself taking one shaky step backward and then pivoting away.  He slid back through the gap in shelves, made it to the door in three strides, and was out in the hallway.  He did not hesitate, choosing a direction at random and fleeing down the dim corridor.  He expected Cas to be on his heels, but was also not entirely surprised to discover that the angel had opted to give him a few seconds head start.  The knowledge that Cas felt no immediate urgency to follow caused Dean’s heart rate, already elevated to start with, to leap once more.  It was as if the angel had him on an invisible leash and was playing out the chain, giving him the opportunity to test its length and, perhaps, to exhaust himself before methodically reeling him back in.  The notion made him feel more confined than actually being bound hand and foot did.  There was some manner of freedom in knowing that no matter how he fought he was held.  Quite the contrary, there was a cornered-animal feeling that came in knowing that even unfettered and on the run, Cas still had him exactly where he wanted him.
“If you like,” Dean told him quietly, pressing his lips close against Cas’s forehead for a moment before pulling back once more, “I can give you the long-ass list of my sins, of the things I’ve done to you—not thought of doing, not wanted to do, but actually done—and then we can talk about who’s worthy of what.”
,” Cas insisted, voice rising in agitation, “you think you do, but you do not.  I wanted—Sam, I wanted to hurt him.  Wanted to frighten him.  Wanted to put him on his knees and make him forget everything but
He doesn’t like that thought.  The thought that Cas, his boyfriend, his lover, his angel, might be performing that kind of…of
Dean was gasping, little breathless whimpers escaping him at each thrust, and Cas drew it out interminably, for what felt like hours but was probably no more than ten minutes.  The angel had mind-boggling stamina, a fact which he often exploited to impressive effect.
“She’s not gonna be forgotten, Cas.  She’s only alone up there in the physical sense, because all over this planet tonight, people are going to be looking up and thinking of her.  People are going to go read about her work.  They’re gonna learn about what she taught us.  Tomorrow, in schools all over the country, in science classes, teachers are going to tell kids all about the
Conscious awareness of who he was came first.  It was followed immediately by the realization of who the body he was draped across and the arms that were cradling him closely belonged to.  The knowledge settled over him, as comfortable and welcome as a blanket still warm from the dryer.
There’s more, then—a lot more, even, what sounds like an endless litany of praise for qualities Dean never really takes the time to give himself credit for (or doubts altogether, but Cas sounds so utterly certain of himself that it’s hard to doubt
Remembering something he’s pretty sure he spotted from the top of the box, Dean takes off at an easy lope, heading down the table.  Sure enough, about a third of the way along its length, much too far from the box to be heard, he finds the small plastic container of thumbtacks that they use to affix things to the bulletin board they sometimes use when they’re working through details about a case.  Sam was using the board this morning to organize information about some of the objects in the archives (hence the whole Dean and Cas being able to comfortably live in Barbie’s Dream House now), and Dean thanks his lucky stars for it, because he’s had an idea, and it’s
A quick shout from Michael brings Bart to the clearing, still yawning as he gulps coffee from his tin cup, and in moments they’ve got Dean bound to the wide wagon wheel.  They take turns with their fists, betting each other on who can get better noises from the prisoner, but Dean Winchester is no greenhorn and he ain’t yellow neither.
He doesn’t know how long they stay like that, but he feels no pressure from Dean to break the embrace.  Finally, he finds his voice, even if it is strangled with emotion and muffled in Dean’s shoulder.
“Alright, look,” Dean spoke up again, aiming for logical rather than whiny, “I get how you feel.  I really do.  But I’m not comfortable leaving Sam beat to hell, and I’m not actually in a position to fix it, so—no, let me finish,” he said, lifting a hand to forestall what was clearly going to be an interruption, “so I want to make you an offer you can’t refuse.  A proposition, if you will.”
“You’ve never resisted a fresh baked pie in your life,” Sam chimes in, rolling his eyes, “especially since Cas let slip that he’s keeping your arteries clear.”
And then Dean—well, since Dean’s earliest memories, his shoulders had been heavy with the weight of responsibility.  The first and last responsibility had always been to Sammy, but there had been so much more, too.   He was responsible for keeping the family together, for being the go-between who somehow managed a father and brother who could barely be in the same room.  He was always responsible for the hunt.  For the civilians.  So was it any wonder that, when left to
“Very well,” the angel told him, lips quirked in something that was very nearly a smile and all the more dangerous for it, “in that case, you will go to your room—“
He starts the movie in Sam’s lap, but about twenty minutes in switches over to Eileen’s, curling up in a ridiculously tiny ball and gazing up at her so adoringly that she bends to shower him in kisses about five times over the course of twenty minutes.  Twenty minutes because, somehow, as if he has a timer set, when that time is up, Sebastian hops down off the couch that Sam and Eileen are sharing, trots over to the puppy pad in the corner, squats to pee (“good boy!!” all four of them chorus proudly, causing the tiny tail to wag furiously and the miniscule tongue to loll out in a pleased puppy grin), and then scurries to the second couch, getting up on his hind paws and gazing hopefully up at the pair of them until Dean reaches down to scoop him up.  Sebastian happily curls into Dean’s lap, and just for the hell of it, Dean gives his watch a quick glance.  Sure enough, precisely twenty minutes later, Sebastian awakens from what appears to be a dead sleep just long enough to stumble from Dean’s lap into Castiel’s, then flops down with a small, contented sigh.  Castiel, wrapped up in the movie, glances down at the dog only briefly before starting to card his deft fingers through Sebastian’s fur.  The puppy gives what sure sounds like a happy little hum and melts more fully into Cas’s lap.  Dean, who has had more than enough experience with the comfort and pleasure of Castiel’s fingers slipping through his own hair, assumes that Sebastian won’t move again all evening, but he’s wrong.  Twenty-three minutes later (Dean guesses the three minutes are in deference to Cas’s amazing hands), Sebastian wakes up, shakes himself off, and hops down from the couch to scuttle over to Sam’s feet, whereupon he gets up on hind paws and gives a polite little “ruff.”  Sam reaches one gangly, stupidly long arm down, scooping up the puppy and settling him into his stupidly huge lap.  Sure enough, about twenty minutes later, a hint of movement from the other couch draws Dean’s eyes, and he glances over just in time to watch Sebastian stand up, totter the twelve inches from Sam’s lap into Eileen’s, turn around three times, and then flop down with a pleased little sigh.
Turns out that he’s wrong about that.  Imp sits down on the blanket, pausing long enough to give another enormous yawn before he stands, stretches, and then marches directly up the bed and behind Dean, who turns his head to watch as the kitten walks directly across Dean’s pillow, then sits down to one side of it and turns those vivid, intent little eyes on Dean, as if to ask why he hasn’t taken back possession of his side of the pillow.  Shrugging a little, Dean turns to brush a quick kiss across Cas’s lips and then settles back down, shifting his head a little further to the left side of the pillow to leave room for the kitten seated on the right side.  As soon as he’s gotten himself comfortable and Cas has once again lain down and spooned up tight behind Dean, Imp stands, turning in three very tight little circles before he flops down and curls up into a ridiculously tiny ball of black and white fur.  He is snoring very, very quietly about six seconds later, and Dean doesn’t even try to restrain the “awwwwww” that demands to be given voice.
Thanks for sticking with me and the boys.  Their story deserves to be told, even if the process of getting there is challenging and slow.
Cas was kind enough to give him a good minute or two to get himself fully under control before it started again.
Cas’s grin was such a bizarre combination of child-like glee and smoky, sensual promise that Dean’s brain twitched a little in the attempt to parse it.  “Indeed.  And it could be worse.  I could have asked you to be the babysitter.”
The fingers take up a steady rhythm, fucking Dean forward and back against the table, and Dean knows with a flash of insight that this has less to do with opening him up and more to do with the way the icy length of Cas’s fingers is making him shudder and gasp.
Cas was quiet for a moment.  When he finally spoke up, he sounded somewhat sheepish, which went a long way to defusing Dean’s ire.  “You are right.  In the moment, I did not know what to do, so I left it to you.  That was unfair of me—but you did very well,” he actually sounded sincere, which was ludicrous.
The kitchen boasted an impressive amount of MREs neatly stacked in the pantry where real, non-gross food usually lived, and Dean dug through them as if there might suddenly be a new and delicious variety that he’d missed till now.  It didn’t take him long to abandon the futile quest and grab one of the lighter meals, figuring it was probably wise not to go with anything too heavy since Cas hadn’t told him exactly what they were gonna be getting into.
Cas was again draped over Dean’s back, cock still buried to the hilt in him, which meant that the laughter that shook both of them was having interesting effects on Dean’s prostate.  Nevertheless, Dean was pretty sure if the hysterics kept up much longer, sheer lack of air would start to have a negative impact on both of their erections.
Sam was quiet for a few minutes, presumably as he processed Cas’s words and thought them through.  “I don’t pretend to know all there is to know about this stuff, but from what I gather, the issue isn’t that you left him vulnerable to some outside attacker, the issue is that some of what you do shines a light on the spaces inside himself he’s not comfortable with, yeah?”
named the bakery, and their pie was really damn good, “As soon as we’re out of here, Sam, you’re back on the hook.  In fact, you can damn well
He was desperate to feel the angel’s cock stretching him (although at this rate, by the time Cas was done it wouldn’t be much of a stretch).
“She—she gave so much to earth, Dean,” Cas wept, “we learned so very much from her, and she worked so hard.  She cared deeply about her work, and she fought to do it as long as she possibly could.”
Dean goggled at him but, following his own advice, didn’t look that particular gift horse in the mouth.  “Sure, I’ve got a few things.  Let me finish up and I’ll go grab them.  Thanks.”
After surgery, when I get a sense of what my recovery is going to look like and whether writing is manageable, I'll give y'all an update, most likely in the comments of the most recent chapter (whether that's this one, or I manage to squeeze in one more), so watch that space if you want to have an idea of when to expect new chapters.
Later he would learn that after Cas withdrew, he remained pressed against Dean’s side, holding him, until Dean’s sobbing quieted, until his shaking passed, until his breathing evened out.  Only then did the angel remove his blindfold and step away from him for the seconds it took to get his cup of water and the granola bar he had refused before.  Sip by sip, tiny bite by bite, Cas coaxed them into him, showering him with heartfelt praise at every step.  Just before he toppled completely into darkness, Dean registered that the throbbing burn in his ass was fading, fading, fading—and then gone.  Two words, spoken in that much beloved voice, laced with sincere adoration, followed him into sleep.  Those words, they filled his heart to bursting.
“Okay, I’ll grant you I don’t know a whole bunch about the average cockroach’s lifecycle, but—”  Cas lifts a hand to silence Dean, tilting his head to listen intently to whatever Gregor is saying.
“Mmmm,” Cas hums thoughtfully, “No, I feel confident that, were you indeed appropriately entertained, there would have been none of this mischief today.  It seems to me that perhaps this indicates that you are…” the angel’s lips suddenly curve upward into a sharp grin, fingers tightening ever-so-slightly around Dean, ratcheting the pressure from not-quite directly into just-right, “…understimulated.”
For some reason, he had been unable to heal Dean.  Maybe because Dean hadn’t actually been ill or in danger, just knocked flat by the drugs.  There was no telling, but Cas had tried, and failed, and it had scared him even worse, especially when Dean couldn’t be roused for such a long time.
“Oh, no,” Dean told him cheerfully, “I’m staying out of this one.  I leave it to you two to sort out.  I’m gonna go make dinner.”
“Yeah,” Uriel chimes in, sneering a little, “Look at you, wasting Cook’s perfectly good food like that.”
Dean, recognizing the futility of further snark in delaying the inevitable, squared his shoulders and turned to leave the room.  He could feel the weight of Castiel’s eyes resting on his back, following him until he turned the corner.
Singing your lover a sexy song when you couldn’t carry a tune in a bucket turned out to produce a debate between said lover and your brother about whether you were coming down with laryngitis.
The monstrosity streaking after him is way the fuck stronger and faster (not to mention bigger) than Dean, so pretty much his only advantages are that he’s a better strategist and has a hell of a lot of experience with being hunted by things that are stronger and faster.  If Dean had fled away from the house rather than around it, he’d be a memory by now.  As it is, he’s counting on his superior ability to turn corners to keep the fucking cat at bay.
There was a brief silence in which Sam measured Dean’s tone and expression, and for a moment Dean thought he would surely recognize the danger.  Apparently his sense of propriety and boundaries weren’t the only things that were distinctly off-kilter, however, because after a moment Sam’s shoulders seemed to relax a little bit.
Dean understood, though, that this was still Cas checking on him, ensuring that Dean was still with him, was still in control of himself enough to be able to give or withhold consent.  It took him a moment to find the words, to pull them out of his addled mind.  He groped for them, searching, and eventually landed upon them.  Cas waited, silently, patiently, for Dean to speak, and eventually he managed it.
Dean’s abortive attempts at squirming are no match for Cas’s strength—indeed, are probably laughable from Cas’s perspective, although he’s kind enough not to
“Yeah, totally, Sammy,” Dean told him smoothly.  “We can dose you up with a painkiller and muscle relaxer too, make it less miserable for you, I bet.”
“my precise positioning—at the doorway of the room, but not within it, left me susceptible to the effects of the curse, but not entirely bound by it in the same way, that is to say, not sucked into the bottle.  Or it may have had nothing to do with precise positioning at all.  Another theory is that, as the spell was soul-based, I was not affected in the same way.  Human literature presupposes that creatures such as myself are not endowed with souls, and that may be so.  Or perhaps we are ensouled, but our souls are distinct enough from those of humans that the spell worked differently on me.  I do not know, I can only guess.  In any event, in the doorway I was as Dorothy put the spell into effect.  Her soul was tied to that of the Wicked Witch, both of them bound up together in the jar and held static until their release so many years later.  What I
He managed a course-correction and got the bite of potatoes down, then two more, dimly registering that these potatoes tasted fine.  Totally normal.  The hint of wrongness in the last batch was nowhere to be found, and that was…that was a little strange, wasn’t it?  Before that could fully process, Dean realized that Sam was watching him with eyes that were just a hair too sharp.
” the warning in that tone could not be ignored, and Dean tipped his chin down once more, pressing his forehead against the desk, making his voice small and torn between resignation and anticipation.
At least, Dean was pretty sure it was Sam.  Via process of elimination, there were really no other options—and the get-up was really a dead giveaway.
He knew better than to ask—or to delay obeying the order.  Gritting his teeth in anticipation of pain, Dean reached both hands behind him (which draped him all the more helplessly across Cas’s knees) and settled one hand on each cheek.
In which bondage has more than one use, Cas would make a terrible handyman, and Dean makes him an offer he can't refuse.
and in the instant Dean’s sure that Cas is going to actually going to let him come, that it’s too late to avert the orgasm, the rough fingers are suddenly gone.  Dean’s groan echoes through the room.  His hands jerk convulsively, desperate to fly to his groin and finish himself, but a single quirk of Cas’s brow is enough to still them.  Dean wraps his fingers around the edge of the desk and squeezes hard, trying to catch his breath, trying to reclaim anything resembling composure.  “I think,” Cas says, “we ought to play a game.”
The cartoon bee was there, as ever, but this time it had a tiny speech bubble declaring, “you should listen to him!”
Cas sighs, then nods in resignation as Sam puts a hand down on the floor, palm up.  Dean stares at it, mystified, until Cas strides over and clambers atop it, frowning thoughtfully before he seats himself, presumably aiming for greater stability.  Then both he and Sam swivel their faces toward Dean, who is already shaking his head stubbornly.  “Oh, no.  No way.  I am not going to be toted around by my brother like some kind of doll, that’s—
Okay, that was new.  Well, at least, the invoking of a safeword when they weren’t even in mid-scene was new, and Dean was intrigued.  Raising his brows, he nodded, then decided that with Cas looking uneasy, that probably wasn’t sufficient.  “Okay, I’m on board.  Honest and open thoughts it is.”
It’s a scraping sound, a bizarre mix of scratching and scrabbling, and not until the entire house shudders hard enough that Dean hears water slopping out of the sink in the attached bathroom does he get his wits about him enough to alert the oblivious angel.
Cas uses the glove fingertip to prod at a video link, and after a moment an anchor is speaking onscreen.  Cas backs up, settling himself on the loveseat beside Dean as he listens.
The next phase of his punishment involved a thorough ‘discussion,’ (such as it was) about the misbehavior that had led to this.  Of course, sometimes they ended up in these positions without the excuse of correction, and then Cas had fun making up truly absurd infractions.  Dean’s favorite had been the time Cas had delivered a firm lecture on Dean’s failure to say “Amen” after his exorcisms.  He wasn’t entirely sure how the angel maintained a straight face some of the time, but Cas somehow managed it with aplomb.
Dean kept his feet planted, arms straining at their bindings—not because he was actually trying to get away, but simply because he couldn’t control himself.
He listens as the rest of the camp starts to stir, silently watching as several sleepy Novaks in turn stagger past to take a morning leak, the sound of them relieving themselves leaving Dean increasingly aware of his own straining bladder.  It ain’t like anyone bothered to offer him the use of the latrine after they got him chained up, but to be fair, they didn’t give him any water either, so at least he hasn’t pissed himself.
Dean took a few moments to try to let his heartrate even back out before he attempted speech.  He spoke very carefully, aware that it would be only too easy for these particular words to emerge with a level of disrespect that Cas would not tolerate.  “What decision is that,” sure enough, he could hear the ironic tone in his voice, and before it could make things worse for him, he hastily tacked on, “Sir?”
The O-ringed ends of what looked like a thick, woven nylon strap rested on either side of the car’s hood.  A set of cuffs, a small carabiner attached to a D-ring on each, rested casually atop the car.  They were there intentionally, Dean knew, for him to see and anticipate.  He was intended to recognize that, as they were on the roof of the car rather than its hood, he did not have a choice about them.  They were a promise, not a question.
“Sam,” Cas says, voice impatient, “we have discussed this.  There is no need to martyr yourself when there is easily accessible healing available to you.  Now bring it here.”
“Okay, we gotta get back there.”  He settles for saying the obvious, in hopes that Cas will have missed the near-miss, whatever Dean’s face must have done in the heartbeat before he got his temper under control.
Dean makes it three hallways away from the storage room in question before it occurs to him that a strategy might be a good idea.  Sure, he could just run for it, get as far away as possible from Cas in the time he has available to him, but if you’re not paying close attention it’s pretty easy to get turned around in the maze of the bunker’s lower levels, and the last thing he needs is to somehow end up running headlong into the room he just left with only a few seconds to go on his head start.
Cas pauses Dean with a hand on his arm just long enough to kiss him thoroughly, then follows Sam, tromping up the stairs in his wake.
to get there.  Wanted to be able to let go, to forgive himself, to see the truth of things.  And that was a damn good first step.  Dean reached across the distance and helped him to take the next one.
It wasn’t enough, he realized a scant moment later, as the sound of Cas’s tongue clicking in admonition rang out.  Dean lowered his head for a moment, rubbing his forehead against his own upper arm as Cas responded, “please punish me…what?”
With a groan of his own, Dean settled the head of that cock—flesh he knew every bit as well as he knew his own—against himself and finally, finally, sank down onto it.  He slid down slowly, steadily, until his ass was flush with Cas’s thighs, until he could feel every inch of that swollen length impaling him.
A split second later, the sounds of movement, of activity too hurried and complex for him to sort out, hit Dean’s ears.  He craned his neck to try to see what was going on, but it was entirely out of his sight lines.  The sounds faded backward, past the shelves that marked the secret entrance, then farther, and as the noises that Dean now realized had to be Cas bodily ejecting Sam from the space concluded in the slam of a door and the turn of a lock, Dean suddenly was struck by what Cas had said.  He had actually had the nerve to ask whether
Dean noted that someone, probably Sam, had already unearthed the projector from the closet that it generally lived in and gotten it set up for the movie.  Back when Charlie stayed with them at the bunker, she had taken one look at the ancient projector and took it upon herself to update all the equipment to be compatible with their laptops (Sam had been over the moon when they then began digitizing the archives for easier access).  It had made it a hell of a lot less weird when the three of them wanted to watch something together.  Squishing onto a bed with his boyfriend and his giant of a little brother so they could all hunch over a laptop screen had just been uncomfortable, and not only in the physical sense.
Dean made it back from the bathroom ten minutes later.  It probably wasn’t the most efficient he’d ever been, but then he wasn’t usually restricted to shuffling at a snail’s pace in order to keep the vertigo under control and refrain from making his pounding head worse.
Half a second after he realized that, Dean’s heart clawed its way up into his throat.  Jesus Christ, if the bunker burned—they were trapped inside.  They would roast like pigs on a spit, and there was likely nothing that would save them unless the heat managed to melt the snow enough to get them out of here before smoke inhalation did he and Sam in.
“You said it yourself, we’ll need to give Etienne catnip or he’ll be insufferable all day, and it just so happens that
Returning his attention to the larger room and Sam, who had perked up as the savory smell of dinner wafted across the library toward him, Dean gave his brother an easy grin.
“Are—are you gonna write me poems, or are you gonna fuck me?” Dean demands, then cries out as Cas’s hand descends on the outside of his thigh sharply.
“On the contrary, I know exactly why.  Now come here and let me tell you,” Cas says, reaching out for him.  Dean shuffles closer on his knees obligingly, more than willing to allow himself a little coddling at this point, all things considered.  Cas draws him into an embrace, shifting until he is stretched out on the bed with Dean lying atop him, their arms tangled around each other, then presses his lips to the top of Dean’s head, to his forehead, to his cheeks before starting to speak.  “They—we—are loyal for so many reasons.  Because
“It’s—it’s the horses,” Cas whispers, face twisted in self-recrimination.  “Sword and Buddy.  Michael and Bart’s mounts.”
Cas gave him only a few seconds to adjust before he began to move, slow and smooth, rolling his hips steadily as he licked a path across Dean’s shoulder blades, occasionally pausing for another nip.  Dean’s cock rubbed against the sheets with each thrust, the friction delicious but not quite enough.  He wondered fuzzily whether Cas was doing this on purpose, giving him just enough to stimulate but not enough to satisfy.  It wouldn’t be the first time Cas deliberately left him shy of orgasm, taking his own pleasure without permitting Dean to come.  As torturous as it was, it was always followed by such mind-blowing sex later that Dean had to concede it was generally worth it.  That didn’t, of course, mean it didn’t drive him crazy in the moment.
There’s a brief pause in which Gregor is clearly considering how to answer, but in the end he opts for simple honesty.  “No, I didn’t.  A great-great-great-great-great-great-etc. nephew of mine happened to be in the library when you fell through the grate, and, as it is widely known that I like to keep track of all unusual occurrences inside the walls, hastened to inform me of what had happened.  Although I am of course familiar with your impressive survival skills—not to mention track record—I imagined that, given your new size, you would have no way of escaping the tunnels, and was concerned that injury was likely given the distance that you had fallen.  So I came to investigate.  I had to tread carefully, as I imagined that I was unlikely to be welcomed, and indeed guessed that I would be utterly terrifying to someone who was not used to seeing cockroaches at such proportions.  I was pleasantly surprised when you took to me almost immediately.”
“So good for me, baby.  So good.  Fighting so hard, no matter how bad you want it.  I knew you could, and now you know it too.”
died in 2010, but even that—six years, when she was only designed for 90 days.  She and Oppy landed on different parts of the planet, but they remained close.  They spoke often.  Oppy missed her, once she was gone,” Cas said, blinking hard as a fresh wave of tears skittered down his flushed cheeks.  Dean shifted, turning sideways on the bed and setting down Cas’s phone so that he could wrap both arms around the angel, pulling the perpetually messy-haired head down to rest on his shoulder.  Cas held stiff for only a moment before his resolve crumbled and he leaned heavily against Dean.  “And anyway, she has really been gone since last June, but today marked the final effort to make contact with her, to see if she could be repaired remotely.  It seems not.”
For a long few moments there was relative silence, broken only by the sound of silverware scraping against plates and the occasional grunt of satisfaction.  Finally, when their plates were nearly empty, both of them came up for air around the same time.
Now that we've got this unexpectedly angsty story arc (seriously, I promise I had no idea going into this how dark it was going to end up being.  I follow where the boys lead me, and sometimes they go somewhere that surprises the hell out of me) squared away, we're headed back toward calmer waters--insofar as any waters in the absurdity that is this fic are calm.  I think y'all will get a kick out of where we're headed next, and I promise I haven't forgotten the smokin' hot role play you (and Cas) have been promised.  We'll get there.  Pinky swear.
If you've read Snowbound, you will note that Sam has basically the same relationship to cockroaches in this fic as he does in that one.  I want to make it clear that Down to Size does NOT take place in the Let It Snow 'verse.  You can probably put money on the probability that every Sam I ever write will have that same cockroach phobia.  Because...honestly, there's no good reason.  It just amuses me.
Dean was silent for a moment too long, assuming the question was rhetorical, and the palm cracked against his ass for a third time, making him jump.  “I asked you a question, Mr. Winchester.  You are being rude.”
So he waits, motionless, closing his eyes and trying to go to his happy place (whatever the fuck that is).
“No, I—yeah.  Cas.  I…I know.”  One of these days he’d explain what the whole “Roger that” thing meant, but it seemed like a whole lot of effort just now, and he was so very tired.  Maybe he could just drift back off?  That beautiful headspace didn’t seem to have a whole lot of interest in returning, but
anyone before.  His admittedly rather distracting face and natural charm had pretty much taken care of that for him.  Concerted efforts at actual seduction?  Well, sure, maybe a time or two when there was a woman who was especially coy, but as far as how to seduce a resistant Cas?  He didn’t have a goddamn clue how to go about it.
Dean wakes up screaming, and when the bile rises in his throat, he doesn’t even try to stop it this time.  He rolls over and vomits off the side of the bed, chokes, vomits again.
Dean doesn’t have to be told twice.  He’s on his feet in a moment, shimmying out of his jeans and leaving them in a careless heap on the floor as he climbs astride Cas.  True to his word, Cas stretches his arms out along the back of the loveseat and simply watches, allowing Dean to set the pace.  And Dean’s been waiting more than long enough.  Between how well Cas prepped him and how dripping wet the blowjob has left Cas’s cock, Dean doesn’t bother with additional lube, simply reaches behind him to grasp the base and begins to lower himself down onto it.
“Well, Mr. Winchester,” it was incredible, the instantaneous difference in Cas’s voice, the edge of sharpness that was not at all
Dean says, shock and admiration vying for dominance in his tone.  Cas looks up, finally brandishing a set of keys, and beckons Dean over.
“Dean,” he says benignly as Dean shoots past him and rounds the corner yet again, “please stop teasing the cat.”
Sam has not yet caught on to what is happening, but he figures it out in a hurry when the snowball he whipped toward Dean melts in midair, the water pattering harmlessly to the forest floor.  His head pokes out from behind his fort, taking in the hand gripped tightly around Dean’s upper arm, the expressions on both of their faces.  His eyes roll upward, long-suffering.
Dean whirled again, flying across the room to the table, grabbing the nearest laptop--which happened to be Sam’s--and throwing it open so hard that he was lucky the screen didn’t crack off.  The internet browser opened onto the New York Times website, across which an enormous, two-word headline was plastered:
Dean found himself upended yet again, only this time he was being pulled off the shoulder over which he had so readily been thrown.  With equal speed and carelessness, he found himself dumped into a heap on the floor, and had to restrain himself from shaking his head to dispel the dumbfounded shock at the rapid-fire events since their departure from the library what couldn’t possibly have been more than five minutes ago.
“Yes, love, yes, I’ve got you,” the angel murmurs, lips against his ear, his pace speeding just slightly, just enough for the friction to finally
This time it was Cas who lost it first.  Something about drowned-rat Sam, who was clearly wide-eyed and horrified behind his bug goggles, was just too much for the angel to maintain calm through.
How did he always know just what to say?  Dean blinked a couple times rapidly and cleared his throat again, settling for grunting because he didn’t actually know what kind of response he could possibly give that would be adequate.
to learn that many languages?”  Cas raises a brow at Dean, apparently less than impressed with Dean latching onto that particular question as opposed to any number of others that come to mind.  A moment later, though, the angel’s head has whipped back around to the cockroach.
“While you’re at it,” Sam says, catching Dean’s eye and refusing to release it, “read up on Post Traumatic Stress Disorder and remember that you’re not actually as alone as you think you are.”
“Only 37 miles per hour,” Dean deadpanned, secretly impressed that the angel had been going faster than the average speed limit in Lebanon in order to get to him when he shouted in a totally masculine and not at all shrieky way, “you’re gonna make me think getting to me wasn’t a priority or something.”
“I figure the bathroom sink will do me fine, if Sam can manage a thimble of shampoo and body wash.  I wonder how many thimbles we have?  I’ve already counted three.”
Please see notes and warnings at the end of the chapter, as well as brief note on the origin of the title.
Dean was no internet expert, but he’d picked up enough from Sam to have a sense of how these things worked, so after he snagged Cas’s phone, it didn’t take too much effort for him to check trending tags on twitter.  Sure enough, right there at the top:
needs Cas.  If what Lucifer said was true—if Cas really does feel for Dean the same way that Dean does for him—maybe that will be enough.
, and the following chapter for a final author's note (or don't, if you're a big jerk and don't care what I have to say.  Never mind, I'll just sit here in the dark... [Jewish mother humor FTW])!
The angel’s head jerked up as sharply as if it were attached to puppet strings, his blue eyes locking onto Dean’s.  Entire universes of pain lived and died in those eyes, and Dean had to swallow hard before he could go on.
Cas whimpered desperately as Dean’s hand wrapped around him, fingers convulsing as his wrists twisted in the tie.  To anyone else he might have appeared to be struggling.  Not to Dean.  Dean knew that he wouldn’t need to struggle if he had any intention of actually escaping.  Cas was not even testing his bonds, not really.  He was simply unable to stop the tiny, restless movements, pouring all his energy into keeping himself from giving in to the desire that Dean had ruthlessly stoked and thus far left unsatisfied.
“I really am sorry,” Dean told Cas, meaning it.  He didn’t get the attachment to Curtis, but he could understand Cas’s affection for Al.  He really
Cas’s face stayed where it was, lips lightly brushing just below the nape of Dean’s neck as warm fingers wrapped around each of his wrists, then slid up his arms to his shoulders, squeezing lightly in reassurance and praise.  The clink of a belt being unfastened came quickly after those hands withdrew and Dean wasn’t especially surprised when the leather strip wrapped itself around his wrists, binding them snugly together.
Last winter, Sam became the world champion of hide and seek, whether or not that’s what he was aiming at.  He came up with a veritable cornucopia of obscure places to tuck himself to sublimate his weird voyeur-therapist phase, and it took Dean and Cas weeks of struggling to figure out how he was doing it before Sam finally revealed that he’d been using the goddamned ventilation system to get around.
“Mmm, that is not what it sounded like to me, but for the sake of your ass—which is still a rather lovely shade of pink, incidentally, a color that is only enhanced by the purple accents,” sure enough, bruising is starting to rise apparently, “we will let this one slide.  What do you say?”
The one piece of good news was that, despite this jump, somehow Dean managed to keep his writing perfectly straight.  Not a single twitch in the pen.  He had no damn clue how he’d done it, but he wasn’t looking a gift horse in the mouth.
By the time Cas’s palm lifted after covering every inch of his strapped flesh in the gel, Dean found himself canting his ass up, cock hard and actually dribbling.  Okay, so maybe he actually liked the intensity, and Cas’s fingers were already slick with aloe gel.  It would be so easy for him to slip them in between Dean’s cheeks and—
Cas looked slightly smug, as though Dean could not help but agree.  It took him a moment to notice that Dean was staring at him blankly, and when he huffed out a breath in nerdy frustration, it reminded Dean so powerfully of Sammy’s frequent tried-beyond-all-patience face when Dean was totally mystified by whatever geeky thing he was talking about that he had to bite the inside of his cheek to keep from grinning.  Cas, who seemed completely oblivious to Dean’s struggle not to start snickering at him, blithely went on.
Phaelsafe, AtYourCervix, this is for you.  Snowbound could not exist without you, and I dedicate every word of it to you.  To your selflessness, your patience, your humor, your ideas, and your support.  As we know, words are not something I lack for.  If anything, I tend to have somewhat an excess of them, so it is saying something when I tell you that, truly, I have no words to express my gratitude.
“If you—if you stop, if you…if you end the…sp-spanking and let me stop the lines, I…I could take care of that for you.  Make it…make it worth your while.  Sir.”
“Yeah, yeah,” Dean groused, and he knew Cas was remembering what had kicked his last two drops off because the angel didn’t even reprimand him for grumbling, just held him a little tighter.
it had been because, come on, who could’ve resisted that opportunity) deserved some serious punishment.
“I’m okay,” Dean tells him, then laughs a little.  “Well, no, I ain’t, but I’m not liable to fall apart at any moment, anyhow, and that’s about as good as it gets.”
Hey crew.  I know it’s been forever since my last update.  A more lengthy explanation can be found in the notes following the chapter, but for now, suffice it to say this chapter is dedicated to the memory of Imp, the best friend I’ve ever had.
“Okay, fine.  You, uh, remember that one dried herb you used for the final sealing ritual?  The one that kind of looked like—”
“Sure, guys,” Sam told them eventually, sounding quite sincere, “happy to go over boundaries.  What’s on your mind?”
Cas withdraws carefully, one arm sliding around the front of Dean’s waist to hold him up as the other hand reaches around, fingers lightly prodding at Dean’s lips until he gets the message and parts them.  Cas reaches in and removes the wrecked panties, carelessly dropping them to one side.  Dean will mourn them later (they really were lovely and he only wore them the once); at the moment he can’t spare them even a thought.  His mind swims hazily, a thousand tiny—and not so tiny—aches and pains combining into an oddly pleasant cloud of throbbing soreness.
Dean, who had just taken a massive mouthful of the sandwich, chewed as quickly as peanut butter would allow him, holding up his free hand in the universal signal for ‘hang on a second,’ but nodding reassuringly so that Cas wouldn’t literally explode in the interim.  He finally forced the bite down his gullet and, after grabbing a quick sip of water, nodded again.  “No problems.  I’m sure he wasn’t thrilled about the change in menu, but the music was way too loud for him to actually grunt at me.  He’s gotta be hungry enough to eat it.  I’ll go back in there in about twenty minutes to pick up the plate and glass, and I’d say another 30 minutes after that, we’re a go.”
Dean tried.  He really, really tried.  He put everything he had into restraining himself, but it was a losing battle.  The opportunity was just too perfect.  Lips twitching violently, he burst out with it at the top of his lungs.
had come to him.  And somehow, Dean had settled into it so readily, so naturally, that he only really became aware of it in these small, quiet moments.  He knew now, with some regret for all he had put them through, that he had not fit with Lisa and Ben not because he was the wrong shape for
Yeah, okay, maybe that was ridiculous.  It wasn’t like they were normal boyfriends who were likely to have a normal break-up.  On the deepest level, Dean knew with perfect certainty that he would be with Cas until he died (and possibly longer, since it never seemed to stick when he did).
The cock in question, while still swollen with blood and desperate for attention, had actually fallen below his brother’s extremely strange behavior in Dean’s constantly-updating mental List Of Things That Required Attention.  In the aftermath of their shared question, Dean and Cas goggled at each other.  Finally, Dean shifted his knees on the floor, grimacing at their soreness.  Cas leaned over and helped him to his feet.  Dean stretched out his stiff muscles, pressing his hands to the small of his back, then leaned his head in close to Cas to begin a whispered conversation.
He was used to combat situations, and those tended to move pretty fast, but considering the non-stop action (from fake-fucking, to face-fucking, to Sam’s creepy interruptions, to this) of the past hour or so, Dean was having a hard time getting his metaphorical feet under him.  Come to that, his real ones, too, because suddenly he was no longer on his feet.  He couldn’t have said how the angel managed it, but Dean found himself face down on the bed, right wrist twisted awkwardly up behind him, held in Cas’s iron-clad grip.  The angel held him down with a knee on the small of his back, just below where his hand was pinned.  Dean blinked in astonishment at the wall before him, trying to sort out just what the hell was going on and why.  Cas, apparently feeling at least a modicum of mercy, didn’t leave him in suspense for long.
The familiar form finally breaks through the dense layer of growth, staggering into the small clearing Dean stands in.  Cas’s face is a little dirty, scratched up by at least a dozen twigs (or so Dean assumes), presumably while he was fighting so hard to get through the foliage to Dean.
If Cas is worried about whether or not Dean will make it, he needn’t be.  The cock spearing him draws back and surges forward only twice more (smacking into Dean’s ass with a meaty sound and a force that rivals that of his punishing palm) before Dean comes, streaking the wall in front of him liberally, fighting to stay on his feet under the combined force of merciless thrusts and his own powerful orgasm.
There was a brief pause, a moment of silence, as Dean waited to hear Cas slicking up the plug again.  It didn’t come.  Instead, the cap clicked again, this time closing, and Cas set it decisively on the edge of the desk to Dean’s right.  Then he reached out, neatly snagging his tie and unwinding it from around Dean’s wrists.  Dean let out a slow breath in relief—his shoulders had been starting to complain, just a little—and let his hands drop, pressing them against the surface of the desk to either side of his torso.
They set to work on the same floor, figuring that however he’d managed it, it had to have taken Sam some time to get out and he couldn’t have gotten too far.  Despite a reasonably thorough search, there was no sign of him, and they paused at the stairs as they tried to decide whether to venture further down into the bowels of the bunker or head back up.
in his entire life), wearing both earplugs and headphones, although their combined powers were still utterly inadequate against Sam’s serenade.  He was extra generous with the peanut butter and provided a massive glass of soy milk, knowing that Sam would need it.  Trusting to the soy milk to have the expected effect on Sam’s bladder, Dean left the room after ensuring that the plate and glass had both vanished into the blanket fort.
Cas tilted his head just slightly to one side, much as he did when he was feeling quizzical—but there was nothing inquiring about his gaze now.  Instead, his eyes had the power to hold Dean as motionless as a damn tractor beam, tearing the breath from his lungs as he waited in an agony of anticipation for the angel to pronounce sentence.
Dean has the sudden insight that this cat and mouse game, as compelling as he finds it, is not really for him.  This part, just this one, is all for Castiel.  He wants what comes next, yes, but maybe even more than that, he wants this anticipation.  Wants to see the knowledge of what is coming in Dean’s eyes, and the knowledge that he can no more escape it than he can the blizzard blanketing the bunker.
This happy fantasy was crushed in the next moment when Cas’s voice, numb with shock, broke the room’s sudden silence.
“Dude,” Dean says fervently, “you literally saved my life.  Not just by accident.  You deliberately hunted me down to save my life, even after my brother
Somehow, he wasn’t sure how, he managed to get through the rest of the twenty-five lines with only one more precipitous pen jerk.  That one wasn’t even because Cas had bumped the speed up—Dean’s squirming had suddenly landed him at just the right (or wrong, depending upon one’s opinion) angle against the plug, jarring its buzzing tip hard against his prostate.  He was lucky he didn’t actually blow his load right then and there, and he was more than willing to forgive himself a little pen jerk.  Cas spotted it, of course, and noted the additional five strokes.
“Dean,” Cas grates out, apparently not especially comforted, “please step back.  I am about to teleport.”
“I had a few ideas,” Cas tells him readily, more than willing to tell the whole sordid tale, as his conscience apparently needs assuaging, “for what kind of mishaps might happen tonight, but Michael got the camp in such tight order that there was no way to rile up the men again.  Didn’t leave me a whole lot of choice.  I couldn’t destroy enough property to cause real problems without someone seeing.  The horses were about the only other thing I could come up with.”
“One roleplay at a time, if you don’t mind,” Dean told him, lips twitching at Cas’s enthusiasm.  Apparently the angel had been keeping a lid on this for Dean’s benefit, but it seemed like he was pretty damn excited about the possibilities Dean’s newfound willingness to try out roleplay would create.  “Consider this a test case.”
Not for the first time and certainly not the last, Dean took a moment to reflect that, despite all the shit that he’d had to deal with—a life that, from his earliest years, had been littered with loss, shaped by tragedy, all overlain with the kind of responsibility that would’ve made lesser men crumble under its weight—despite all of it, or maybe because of it, the universe (God, Cas would’ve said) had offered him a gift of such purity, of such preciousness, that the mere contemplation of it made the weight of Dean’s burdens all seem to melt away.  Cas—all that he was, the awkward puppy and the smoothly controlled Dom, the perplexed, semi-humorless angel and the harshly demanding master—he was Dean’s.  He was Dean’s reward.  Companion and friend and defender and support and lover and so much more.  He was, in any moment, the perfect shape to fill Dean’s empty spaces, and Dean had no goddamn clue how (despite all the good he knew he’d done in the world) he had ever managed to deserve Cas.
The hand that wrapped around the back of Dean’s neck wasn’t harsh or admonishing.  Quite the contrary, it settled there with incredible gentleness, and when it squeezed, there was nothing punitive in the gesture.  Instead, it was reassurance.  It was a reminder that Dean had been right; Cas had him.
but I’m damned grateful for it,” Dean tells him, smiling, and Cas reaches out to gently wipe the remnants of Dean’s abortive tears from under his eyes.
Cas was laughing again, and it was jarring Dean’s head unpleasantly.  Clearly, the only solution was to swivel his neck and bite down on the chest in warning.  Unfortunately, that didn’t lessen Cas’s amusement.  He kept laughing, but paused to add in a warning of his own.  “If you hope to prevent me from having any further designs on your ass, that is a poor way to accomplish it.”
Dean doesn’t turn his head to look at the angel standing just slightly behind him.  Cas’s eyes rest on him, weightier even than his hand.  Dean gives Sam half a shrug with his free arm, then, indicating that there’s nothing he can do about it (never mind that he wouldn’t if he could).
“I do not believe we can assume that anything is beyond him at this point.  Does it disturb you that he does not seem at all upset about the attempt to confine him in the dungeon?”
Cas drew in a strangled gasp, his eyes widening until Dean, for the first time, understood what the English language meant when it referred to someone’s eyes being as wide as saucers.  Dean, who suddenly felt a whole lot lighter after getting it off his chest, squeezed Cas’s hand in concrete, tactile reassurance while the angel tried to get his proverbial feet back under him.
Future Dean, not for the first time, was going to want to kick the shit out of Present Dean, because Present Dean couldn’t be arsed to care about what trouble he was signing Future Dean up for.
The second and third follow quickly, and by the time Cas delivers the fourth and fifth strokes, Dean is wailing.  The momentary hesitation tells him that Cas would really very much like not to deliver the final stroke, but he’s a man of his word.  It falls just across the line where his thighs meet his ass, and Dean turns his head toward his arm to stifle what is very nearly a scream.
“And what seems to have caused that extremely pretty pout,” the angel inquired, then added just a little slyly, “I take great pride in being the only one who can cause you to sulk like that.”
Sam’s booming voice is so painfully loud that Dean actually has to slap his hands over his ears, craning his neck to look up at his brother.
The instant Dean had won his battle, the brief seconds Cas had permitted him to acclimate were terminated.  The pubic hair Dean’s nose had been firmly nestled against was gone as Cas drew back so far that the head of his cock slid across the very tip of Dean’s tongue.  This time, he was prepared, and his throat opened readily as Cas drove himself forward for a second time.    There was no second or two in which to prepare and grow accustomed this time—just like that, Cas was fucking his mouth.
The words don’t just feel right in his mouth, they even sound right, and the continued lack of shame convinces Dean further that this is meant to be.
There was still a thick wall of snow blanketing the windows—but it was a noticeably shorter wall than they’d gone to bed with.  Bright morning sun beat down against the windows, and thin rivulets of water were trickling down their beveled surfaces in what Dean’s brain effortlessly recognized as melting snow from the roof.
him with both body and word.  Dean doesn’t really know any other way to put it.  At first, it made him uncomfortable.  He wasn’t exactly used to being praised (it wasn’t something that happened a whole bunch for much of his life) and he didn’t know how to respond to it, how to accept it.  Honestly, it still causes the squirming sensation to come alive within him, but now he can recognize that there’s as much
wait, without freaking out, without backing down, without going in desperate circles in his own head.
Cas was not far behind him, and that, too, did not surprise Dean.  Indeed, he was grateful, because if the angel had gone on too long after Dean’s orgasm, the press of hips against steaming ass-cheeks would have likely lost the sharp bite of pleasure that offset the pain.
Taking a swig of one of the beers to bolster himself, Dean took a moment to wonder why the hell Cas couldn’t have just opened up with the actual conversation that needed to happen, rather than letting Sam drag him into yet another discussion that somehow combined the supernatural with his penchant for social justice.  He didn’t have much time to reflect on this (although he did make a note to question Cas about it later) because the angel, apparently sensing him, turned his head unerringly to where Dean was watching with one hip cocked against the doorjamb.
But, fuck, flooding they could handle.  Flooding was GREAT.  There were a few canoes tucked somewhere in the bowels of the bunker, Dean would fucking
There is something about that smile that makes Dean’s lower belly clench up involuntarily in a mingling of apprehension and anticipation, sending a shock of sensation to his groin.  His dick, which wasn’t exactly soft before, twitches a little.
Freedom.  Fuck, yeah.  And not just that, angel-sanctioned freedom!  Cas can’t give him a hard time about escaping the box when he’s the one who told Dean to do it.
Apparently today was a day for firsts, because Dean had never laughed hard enough to choke on his own saliva before now.
Carson smiles right back.  “I’ll do that,” he says, and Castiel believes him.  Men like them have a kind of camaraderie; a solidarity born of the knowledge that most of the world rejects them.  “Don’t seem like I’ll be seeing you again, Cassidy,” Carson tells him, using the sham first name that Cas uses in town.  All the men have alternate names they use in their acquaintance with civilians.  Makes it a hell of a lot less likely that somebody gets it in their head to call the law on you.
Wait, what?  Cas is nodding along, apparently accepting that many stories begin with an egg, but Dean’s mentally paging through nearly four decades of accumulated stories, some of which are really fuckin weird, and he can’t seem to recall a single one that starts with an egg.  And he tries to bite his tongue, he really does, but—seriously?
Dean didn’t want Cas to call him ‘Sir.’  Didn’t want that kind of power dynamic, not really.  This wasn’t truly a scene, not in the way they were used to.  Cas still had the use of his safeword, because Dean needed a way to know for sure whether he was pushing the angel too far, but this wasn’t about testing his limits.  This wasn’t really about pain or about power.  Dean had taken control simply because it’s what Cas needed right now, not because it gave him any particular joy to have power over the angel.
“We only got one of these.  Cas, how fast can you get to the armory and get back with two more blowtorch—shit.  Too late.”
Three more near-orgasms, something like fifteen swats, and a whole lot of unwelcome fingers jabbing into Dean’s most intensely t-word-ish spots (fuck you, he doesn’t have to think it if he doesn’t want to) later, Dean is a writhing, whimpering, debauched mess of a man.  His ass feels five times its normal size, swollen and red and impossibly tender.  His cock has made an absolute mess of Cas’s lap with the precome he’s been leaking alone.  He’s cursed Cas up one side and down the other (thankfully obscured by the gag), and he’s not entirely sure when he started crying in earnest but those are definitely tears dripping onto the floor under his head.  Cas hesitates for a moment—and it’s definitely a hesitation, there’s a distinct difference between that and his deliberate pauses—and at the sound of Dean’s sniffle, the hairbrush is immediately set down on Dean’s back, freeing Cas’s hands to untie the tie that’s held the gag in place for the last millennium or so.  Dean takes this as the permission it is, spitting out the sodden gag and taking in a deep breath.
“I was ready to come after you,” Cas admits, “but I paused to apologize to Stuart for what I saw as your inappropriate behavior, and he—er, expressed the opinion that perhaps he was not the one I ought to be apologizing to.”
is the moment all the walls he’s built up, all the careful fictions he’s constructed, all the self-delusions and mental gymnastics he’s been engaging in—it’s the moment it all comes crashing down around Dean.  It’ll be the moment he finds himself standing face-to-face with something he is not ready to look at.
—and pretty sure he was going to plot his brother’s death as soon as he actually had the use of his legs again, or—
“No, no, I’m sure,” Dean tells him hastily, “absolutely sure, there’s a difference, I was just being whiny.”
At that exact moment, Sam bustled into view, toting a pile of books that had to be close to three feet high.  Dean, sensing that spooking Sam into flinging books in every direction was probably not the best way to start a delicate conversation, held off on speaking up until Sam had set the pile down on the long table and split it into three smaller piles.  Then he stepped forward, Cas bobbing in his wake like a slightly smaller and infinitely more clueless sailboat.
Grinning at his eagerness, Dean wheels Missouri around and sets off, taking the lead this time as he knows exactly where they’re headed.  As he rides, the warm and solid weight of his beloved Amelia beneath him, Dean, dark blonde hair gleaming in the light of the sinking sun at his side, and the nearness of Anna on his mind, it occurs to Castiel that there’s more than one kind of family, and maybe he’s going to do okay at building one for himself, a piece at a time.
When he returned a minute or two later with the glasses of ice water, Sam smiled gratefully and accepted his.  “Thanks so much, Dean.  You really do take good care of me.  I hope you know how much I appreciate everything you do for me.”
Since the words hadn’t worked, since Cas couldn’t bring himself to say it, Dean thought to try something a little different, once again letting his instincts guide him.  Really, he was feeling his way in the dark, had not a goddamn clue what he was really doing.  The perfectly composed, entirely in control attitude he was projecting was just that—a projection.  He took a second to wonder whether Cas sometimes felt this way when he was Domming, then let the thought slide away in favor of focusing on what was right in front of him—the man he loved, still in pain, still fighting to come back from the internal torture he’d been subjecting himself to for a day and a half.
They were silent for long moments as Cas processed this, and just when Dean started to worry that it was hopeless, that he was vanishing back into that well of despair, the angel nodded.  Just once, and just slightly, but it was enough.
He needn’t have done so.  Cas didn’t lay so much as a fingertip on him.  No, the movement had been quite the reverse—he had flung himself away from Dean with such abruptness that he knocked the chair he’d just been sitting in halfway across the room.  Then, before Dean could even begin to get his wits about him enough to figure out a next course of action, what he could say, what he could do to defuse the ticking time bomb that was his celestial lover, it was too late.  The door was flung open so fast and so hard that it cracked off the wall with a noise like a gunshot before rebounding enthusiastically enough to slam shut once more.
“It’s what I’m here for.  Look out for my pain-in-the-ass little brother.”  Accurate on all counts, Dean thought as he dug into his plate.  The truffle oil was a good addition to the potatoes, but there was a hint of something in them that made him grateful he’d used the rest of the cream cheese now.  It didn’t taste like it had gone off, exactly, more like it was on the verge of going bad.
“This!  Researching!  Digging through books for fourteen hours a day!  Catering bizarrely and increasingly elaborate meals for the least grateful, most emo moose on the planet!  Jumping guiltily every time we accidentally brush past each other, like we’re two 16-year-old Mormons!  All of it!  I mean,” he broke off, reaching out to grab Cas’s hand.  Cas went to pull back.  In deference to their vow of sexlessness, they’d been pretty careful about how much physical contact they allowed themselves, since one thing had often been known to lead to another and they didn’t want to be overcome.  Dean didn’t allow Cas to break the contact, just tightened his grasp and tugged him back into the hall.  They took a right, then a left, the volume of a particularly eardrum-grating sound growing with each step.
No response was expected, and none was forthcoming.  When the hand drew back and started to fall with relative lightness against his ass, he found it hard to focus on the sensations.  He was too wrapped up in the inexorable, inescapable feel of the leather strap draped across the center of his back, a visceral reminder of what was coming.
to make this worse for yourself.”  Dean felt himself blush for what had to be the tenth time this afternoon, which was kind of impressive since ordinarily it took a hell of a lot for him to get there.  “Ah,” said Cas quietly, “is that it?  I do believe some part of you, however small, rather relishes your comeuppance.  Interesting.”  Cas smiled just slightly, deliberately letting Dean watch as his eyes abandoned Dean’s face to slide down his prone body and bare, pink ass.  “Now
Cas gave a tiny shrug which Dean recognized as an ‘if you say so, I’m sure as hell not going to object to getting a piece of that ass,’ and was off the bed and freed of his sweatpants in about the time it took Dean to blink.
.  I can’t tell you when for certain, but please know that they have not been abandoned.  They will be finished.
It takes a second for Dean to sort through this, and when he does he zeroes in on exactly what Cas knew he would.  “An
Liberally dusted in flour and a few stray soap suds (Cas was the only person Dean knew who could even clean messily), they stood motionless in an embrace until the ding of the oven announced that the first batch was done.  Detaching himself a bit reluctantly, Dean switched out the cookie sheets, grimacing as he prodded at one of the finished cookies.  “Walnuts.  I ask you.  That kid is
Dean stepped into view of Cas, cocking one hip against a corner of the nook and gazing down at the angel within.  A rush of affection warmed Dean at the sight of him, legs curled up to one side, brow furrowed in concentration as he read.  After a second, Cas seemed to notice he was being observed and looked up at him with a smile.  Dean raised his brows meaningfully and tipped his head in the direction of the hallway, silent indication that he wanted Cas to come with him.  The mirror raising of brows Cas responded with told Dean that he knew what was going unsaid for the moment: Dean had made a decision about the challenge Cas had given him a day and a half ago, and wanted to talk it out.  Cas tucked a small scrap of paper (on which he appeared to have doodled a small cartoon bee, which practically made Dean explode with the cute) into the book to mark his place.  He set the book down on the cushion as he rose out of the nook, which resembled nothing so much as a window seat without the window.  Dean twined his fingers into Cas’s, motioning the angel to a back exit from the library where they could leave without actually having to cross Sam’s line of vision.  The odds were excellent that he would still end up hovering over them in five minutes, but at least they could give privacy a shot.
There was the soft clinking sound of Cas unfastening his own slacks once more, and although one of the benefits of being an angel was zero refractory period, Dean didn’t think Cas was aiming to go right back at it.  Instead, he was—
The angel finally unwound his arms from around Dean and somehow, bolstered by those words, Dean didn’t feel as bereft as he might’ve expected.  Cas guided him to the bed with a hand at the small of his back, urging him gently to lay on his front.  Dean went along with it, starting to feel the knot of tension that had been heavy in the pit of his stomach all day finally loosen its grip just a hair.
In any event, Sam’s voice, grumbling irritably, along with the creak of the door, broke over them just as Dean’s ass finally convulsed around Castiel’s suddenly motionless cock and he shot his load all over the underside of the chair.
P.S.  if you can figure out exactly which few sentences DNB wrote--and you're the first person to spot 'em--we'll BOTH write you a prompt of your choosing (within REASON).  Enjoy the challenge!
Dean stared, agape, making a distant mental note never to underestimate Cas’s ability to be stealthy and maintain his chill.  It took a minute, but finally he worked his way through all of it.  Scarcely daring to hope, he squinted at the angel.
“You sure?” Carson says, awe in his voice.  If Uriel, Michael, Daniel, and a few of the other men are all taken or killed, the boy will be due more than $1000 dollars, a virtual fortune.
Not enough for Dean to feel remotely sorry, mind (because seriously, there is no overstating how awesome Cas’s facial expression was as he realized just exactly why Dean was declaring checkmate), but sinking in nevertheless.
Cas shifted, leaning down.  He pressed his forehead to the back of Dean’s neck and let it rest there, his murmur vibrating against Dean’s upper back.  “And I you.”
It’s only with the barrier of his hands somewhat muffling the sound that Dean is able to put together the shape of the noise when it comes again.
what he wanted.  He wasn’t sure how Cas was going to feel about it, or if the angel would even agree, but he was ready to find out.
Sadly, the top of his voice is somewhat less than impressive at the moment which means there’s a better than even chance that Cas isn’t going to hear him before Dean becomes a tasty snack.  And honestly, even if Cas does hear him and comes running out it’s quite possible that he’ll just become the second course.  Maybe not, though.  Punk has adored Cas from the moment they laid eyes on each other, and it seems likely that won’t change based on size.  Dean, though?  Well, he and Punk tolerate each other out of necessity.  That’s about the best that can be said of their relationship up till now and apparently, Punk’s tolerance only extended as far as the point at which Dean wasn’t conveniently bite-sized.
Zachariah supposes that he could’ve done more to stop it.  When Charles led the gang, he discouraged the worst of what Castiel faced from his cousins in childhood, gently chiding his children and nephews that sons weren’t to blame for the sins of their parents, but Zachariah’s never really felt the same.  Once he took over, he kept silent where his brother would’ve intervened, and pretty soon everyone got the message that it was open season on Castiel, by then in his late teens.  Then, more than half a decade ago, there was that incident that cemented his low rung in the totem pole, and even if Zachariah had wanted to intervene thereafter—which he didn’t—he couldn’t have done a whole lot to change things.
These were the sort of places his mind wandered in the agonizing, unending minutes while Cas rose and fell, demonstrating that uncanny ability to know without being told exactly what was just a hair’s breadth shy of
In a twist that probably shouldn’t have been surprising, they would later discover that while they were busy cleaning themselves up, Sam had retreated to the storage rooms and, so help them,
“Oh my God, this is the best morning ever,” Dean told him through a mouthful.  Cas’s lips compressed into a line as he reached up to remove the small fleck of egg that Dean had inadvertently sprayed onto his cheek, before Dean stayed his hand with one of his own.  Swallowing his current bite, Dean grinned at the angel.  “No, no, I got it.” He was just leaning forward to lick it off Cas’s cheek when the angel’s hand splayed across his entire face, lightly pressing it back.
Cas groans again, a mingling of pleasure and need, and when his lips collide with Dean’s again, the last hint of hesitance is gone.  Dean manages to get Cas’s belt undone before Cas finishes with his, and when he unzips the angel’s pants and plunges his hand underneath his waistband and into his boxers, the sound he wrings from Cas is an honest-to-God
Whatever.  Dean had never been less inclined to cower at Cas’s wordless threats of payback.  The angel could go ahead and take it out of his ass, Dean was never going to let him live this shit down.  Even if he had actually stepped in with something resembling help at the last minute, he’d still spent most of the last half hour happily watching Dean try desperately to muddle through the kind of conversation that he’d enthusiastically resort to violence (albeit against supernatural threats) to avoid. Sam, meanwhile, was blinking in clear astonishment and had apparently totally failed to notice the abortive three seconds in which Dean and Cas argued silently.  “I…
The angel, who has been watching the reunion with a small smile on his face, nods.  “Indeed, I have been honored to make the acquaintance of your small friend and savior.  He is remarkably charming,” Cas says, tactfully leaving off the implied ‘for a cockroach.’
Gregor’s antennae quiver in something that looks suspiciously like laughter, and Dean grins down at him.  “Whatever you said, I’m pretty sure I’d give you a high five if it were anatomically possible.  Catch you later, dude.”
He couldn’t totally avoid the scrape of the fabric against his ass, and hissed out an involuntary breath, letting the pants fall to the floor.  Taking a step toward the angel, he chose to maintain some scrap of dignity by grumbling.
“The sigil,” Cas tells him, “it’s…different.  Only slightly, but the design is altered.  Obviously it was no less effective, but this is not a version of it I’ve seen before, and that—“
Dean turns back to Cas, prepared for another round in the newly-revived feud, and instead finds the angel staring at Stuart with an expression of horrified fascination.  A quick glance at the rat reveals the reason why.  He apparently cannot stomach the idea of wasting (what he at least sees as) perfectly good cheese, and is hard at work snacking on Sam’s leavings.  “Oh, gross, dude,” Dean says, making a face, “seriously, there’s no way you’re that hard up for food.”
like this, beautiful boy.  Fucked wide open and raw, your ass still grasping like somehow it still wants more.  Like it’s begging me to come back.  Leaking my come after I filled you with it to overflowing.  Can you feel it trickling down your thighs?  I’ve half a mind to plug you up nice and tight, so you don’t lose any more of it.”
Cas was right, the kid had obliterated practically half their stash, including herbs that Dean would’ve sworn didn’t have any use in any kind of warding spells.  Then again, Sam was likely to know of more obscure ones than Dean, and he probably hadn’t wanted to take any chances that Cas knew something he didn’t.  On the whole, Dean thought they’d gotten off easy.  He figured Sam could just as easily have torched the lot ‘to be safe.’  It didn’t seem out of character for him at this point.
, and a moment later he had fully engulfed Dean again.  He didn’t even seem to be fighting a gag reflex, as Dean had to in order to deep throat him.  It was as if he just…didn’t have one—which, come to think of it, was entirely possible.  One of the perks of not being human.
And that is how Dean Winchester discovers that while he may still be in Kansas, he ain’t in Winchester territory no more.
The angel fucks him through both of their orgasms, thrusts slowing to a stop just before the point at which the pressure would’ve become unbearable.  He withdraws much more carefully than he entered, dislodging himself from Dean as gently as possible.  Dean has gone entirely limp against the bed, dragging in long, gasping breaths as he starts to come down.  A few seconds later, the dental floss around his wrists is released, allowing his arms to fall to his sides.  Cas clambers up onto the bed, then grabs Dean under both arms and neatly drags him up until he’s stretched out atop the tissue (and no longer on the sticky spot on which he came, thankfully).  Dean’s sweatpants and boxers drop to the floor as he’s drawn up onto the soft mattress, but he can’t be bothered to worry about them.
It might’ve been one minute or ten before suddenly Cas’s lips were gone and Dean found himself standing upright, not entirely certain when his wrist had been released or how he’d gotten his feet under him.  He blinked stupidly at Cas, then inhaled a low breath at the sight of the angel’s slightly swollen lips, redder than usual from the force of the kiss he’d stolen—no, taken.  He hadn’t stolen anything.  It had been offered freely.
Castiel has known Michael for his entire life, and only once before has he caught a glimpse of this kind of wanton cruelty in him.  He thought at the time it was his own actions that brought out a wild kind of brutality in a generally controlled man, but it’s clear now that this has always been there, bubbling under Michael’s calm, even genial surface.
The thought makes tears threaten and Dean dashes them away angrily with the back of one hand, refusing to give in to the bone-deep hurt that threatens to overtake him.  He doesn’t need to melt down, he needs a fucking strategy.  Cas is going to walk through that door any second now with his spanking eyes on, and if Dean doesn’t figure out how to lay out succinctly and calmly why he doesn’t think a punishment is fair, the situation is just going to get exponentially worse.
Dean has to fight the urge to laugh, and then goes ahead and does it anyway, because Cas just mojo-ed Sam into bumblefuck Kansas because it was the simplest expedient for getting him out of the way.
Slanting a gaze at Cas that was meant to convey that he wasn’t quite as funny as he thought he was (and earning a grin in return), Dean made short work of the first half of his sandwich, then inhaled at least ¾ of the chips before pausing for breath and returning to the previous topic.  “So, what’s up with Sam?”
—Oppy?” Dean interrupted himself, continuing at a nod from Cas.  “—Oppy had, she had because you were empathetic enough to worry about her, and to keep trying even when she didn’t make it easy for you.  Far as I can tell, you gave her more than anybody else ever did.  You gave her the gifts of your friendship and your patience, and as much as it hurts that you weren’t able to be there for her at the very end, I promise you she knew that you cared, and I know it must’ve made a difference to her.”
“What, did you call a conclave?  Send diplomatic envoys?  Negotiate a treaty?” Dean was aware he should probably stop, given that Sam was actually speaking to him again, but
“You and me got unfinished business,” Michael tells him, and this time he doesn’t trouble to keep the greed from his eyes when he skates them over the full length of Dean Winchester, “and I mean to finish it before I finish
“—you totally sure?  I’m just saying, we haven’t had great luck with them—“ Sam was saying, a pained look on his face.
Recognizing that he was halfway to panicking, Dean again harkened back to Lisa’s teachings from so many years ago and took in deep breaths, inhaling through his nose for the count of five, then exhaling through his mouth for the count of five.  It actually worked a little bit—at least he was able to settle down enough to stop wringing his damn hands.
happen—well, the entire future of their relationship hinged on it.  Dean had never been more acutely aware of that than when he held the reins in his hands, for once—when he held the power that he usually willingly relinquished to the angel.  If Cas couldn’t forgive himself, if he couldn’t find it in him to trust himself—well.
“I wondered what our aim was in having him here,” Castiel says, and Zachariah leans back, nodding a little.  That’s a reasonable question to ask, a question of strategy which is fairly Castiel’s domain and no doubt why he’s asking.  It also brings up some things Zachariah needs to get sorted with a few of the other men, anyhow.
Dean saw with perfect prescience what was going to happen about three seconds before it did, and still had no chance of stopping it.
The swish of the air parting around the cane makes him cringe, but not nearly as much as the first line of searing agony laid across his ass does.  He cries out, unable to stop himself, more tears spurting out.
He finished the dishes around 25 after, and checked in with Sam who, to nobody’s surprise, was eagerly awaiting seconds.  After delivering those to him and wiping down all the kitchen counters and appliances (twice), it was just shy of 6:40.  Grimacing a little, he forced down the remaining quarter glass of water then, just for good measure, washed that as well.
Now that he thinks about it, Dean had just sort of assumed that if Stuart spoke in a brogue, the rest of his…tribe or gang (or whatever the hell you called a community of rats) would too, but apparently not?
Sure enough, Cas gave it a moment to see whether Dean was going to dig himself any deeper, then, when it became clear he was done, he spoke again, his voice both a little darker and a little more amused.
“Mmmm, Mr. Winchester, so tight.  You fit me like a glove.  I do believe we may have found a new way of disciplining you moving forward.”
By the time Dean made it back into the library with a plate of three more grilled cheese sandwiches (one of which he snagged for himself), Sam had returned covered in a fine layer of dust.  He took the sandwiches eagerly and immediately took a bite of one that demolished about a third of the sandwich.  Shaking his head slightly, Dean dug into his own sandwich with only slightly less enthusiasm before inquiring.
because the only thing that exists is Sam’s breathing, steady as a metronome, something to hang onto.
There’s something about that feeling that Dean craves, that he has come to need.  Maybe he always needed it and just didn’t know it because it wasn’t really something he’d ever had.  There’s something about that feeling that makes the pain of a well-spanked ass not just worth it but somehow
Dean gawks at him for a moment, panting hard, desperately trying to collect himself enough to string words together in some semblance of sense.  Luckily, Cas is looking for something very specific here, and the threatening glimmer in the angel’s eyes leaves Dean about as disinclined to brat off as he’s ever been—and anyway, he’s probably met his personal bratting quotient for the remainder of the month with the whole snow mountain stunt.
Cas doesn’t speak, but there’s a trace of a smile on his face as he wheels Amelia until the setting sun is at his back and kicks her lightly into a canter.
There’s really no other word for it, although Cas has been known to use a hell of a lot of other words (obnoxious, dickhead, insufferable, asshole, and infuriating are just a few that come to mind).  When he’s frustrated or impatient or a little annoyed, he defaults to being intensely obnoxious in the hopes of provoking a very specific kind of response.
“That was a lot of talking, and not a lot of pants-taking-off,” Dean told him, shaking his head in mock disappointment.
His suspicions seem confirmed when damn near every horse in the place is saddled up.  The exceptions seem to be Sword and the horse Dean assumes is Buddy, still recovering in a makeshift paddock to one side of camp, and a couple older-looking horses who are likely kept for the purposes of pulling supply wagons.
“I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to, I—“ the litany of apologies and pleas for forgiveness he was just getting started on is cut off as Cas lifts a single hand.  Dean silences, frustrated to discover that fresh tears have sprung to his eyes.  Jesus Christ, he’s a hot mess.
Speaking of animalistic—there’s really no other way to describe the subterranean growl that rumbles through Castiel’s chest as his eyes rake Dean from tip to toe.  It sends the barest hint of a shudder through Dean, who finds himself twisting his arm, testing the grasp upon it and finding it every bit as unbreakable as he knew it would be.  There’s simply no escaping Cas, but that’s never absolved Dean of the need to try.
“Yes?” Cas interrupts, voice snapping out at least as sharply as the crack of his hand, which delivers a flurry of swats precisely where Dean’s thighs meet his ass, “I do not have to be a what, Dean?  I am eager to hear you finish that thought.”  The warning in his voice is so clear it’s practically surrounded by neon lights, and this is definitely where Dean should back down, but as long as he’s going to be a brat, he might as well go for broke.
“Jesus, Sam, I’m not stupid, I wasn’t gonna use my bare hands, I was—“ he was lying, is what he was doing.  He had definitely been about to pick the thing up with his bare hands, and Sam damn well knew it, but never got the chance to call him on it.  Wrestling his elbow out of Sam’s grip, Dean took a hasty step backward—and directly into Cas, who was still where Dean had pulled him.  The angel staggered, Dean stumbled.  One of his hands shot out to stabilize Cas, and the other reached out to catch himself on the nearest surface.
“That was very naughty of you, Dean.  Keeping such a secret from me.”  Dean knew what was coming next and couldn’t quite suppress the moan that was 10% protest and 90% anticipation.  “I think you will need to be punished.”  Dean twisted his head from side to side, not in negation, but in desperate need for
With a little maneuvering and one hand, he managed to open the door to their room, stepping inside.  Cas made a small noise, as if to halt Dean, and he thought he understood why.  In Cas’s mind, this was the scene of the crime.  This was the place in which he had almost lost control, the place in which he had come as close as he ever had to doing something that he saw as far more terrible than any of the many sins already on his conscience.  This was the place in which he had almost done something that could not be taken back.
Briskly toweling off before he padded across the room to turn off the tape player (he was probably the only person on the planet who listened to Motörhead during a relaxing bubble bath and called it soothing), Dean grabbed his robe and shrugged into it, tossing his towel into the hamper and making a note to wash its contents later.  Shivering a little in the comparatively cool air of the hallway, Dean made a beeline for his room and donned a clean pair of jeans and a fresh henley, finishing off the outfit with a pair of warm wool socks.  Once again no point in shoes, since they didn’t appear to be going anywhere in the immediate future, as far as he knew.   Dean made a mental note to check out what the weather forecast was looking like, although he was pretty sure that if there was any likelihood of imminent release, Sam would’ve been singing gospel music at the top of his voice in heartfelt praise.
Castiel’s accusatory expression seemed to suggest that this wasn’t the way he would’ve gone about it.  Dean was pretty sure that had something to do with the beer, or possibly committing to watching a movie with Sam right after having what was sure to be an awkward as hell conversation, but honestly, Cas had had the chance to lead this charge, and he’d put it on Dean to handle, so the hell with him and his disapproval.
“Good stuff,” Dean tells Stuart, “Glad you’ve got a good place to curl up.  We’ll see you in the morning.  Gregor, you coming?”
Just the fact that he is seeking Dean’s consent even to say his piece says a lot about how seriously Cas is taking his own breach of trust.  It’s not just that he’s not going to try to punish Dean—he obviously wants it to be completely clear that he doesn’t want to force or coerce Dean into anything, even listening.  The realization makes a few of the webbed cracks inside Dean silently start to knit back together.  His voice is a little watery when he speaks, but firm enough that Cas knows he means it.  “Always,” he promises, and Cas squeezes him a little tighter, presses a kiss to the top of his head.
He wasn’t sure when it had happened, but Dean found that his hands were crossed tightly at the small of his back, fists clenched hard enough that his fingernails were digging half-moons into the skin of his palms.  Cas continued to pound away, Dean dragging in harsh inhalations through his nose, finding the only rhythm that would permit him to get enough air.
The order hadn’t really been necessary at this point.  The second he really looked at the way Cas leaned so casually against the doorway, really spotted the not-quite-concealed heat in those blue eyes, he had pretty much lost the ability to speak.  He found himself nodding with almost embarrassing readiness, wondering whether it would be overkill to drop to his knees, crawl over to the angel, and blow him right then and there.  God, he had missed hearing that commanding tone, seeing how comfortably the authoritative demeanor settled over the angel.  As it was, he didn’t have a chance to embarrass himself further before Cas continued.
“Then I’ll put you back together, like you’ve put me back together more times than I can count.  You rebuilt me from ash and bone and dust and you think
Sam stepped forward next, placing both of his hands on the door and leaning in to press against it with all of his strength.  The door twitched what couldn’t have been more than two millimeters and then settled back again.  Eyes narrowed in dawning realization, Cas waved Sam aside and pressed one calloused palm against the very center of the door, drawing on his strength and pushing.  The door shuddered and a crack of about half an inch appeared, snow immediately squeezing through the tiny gap like toothpaste from a tube.
“Oh, Cas.  Oh, babe,” Dean said, the final pieces clicking into place, blinking a little rapidly himself, feeling his heart contract at the sheer loneliness of that final message. “You couldn’t have known.  There was no way for you to know what was happening and go to her.”
“Not that it’ll make any real difference,” Cas says with a sigh.  “Too much blood spilled since then for it to matter overmuch how it started.”
His hand was maybe a few millimeters away from his cock when the sharp smack of flesh against flesh sounded.  Dean had just long enough to think
isn’t exactly helping his focus.  He closes his eyes and makes himself travel back in time to when Sam walked him through the same tunnels, explaining how he made it to the boiler room despite the locked door on one of the first and most unnerving times he deliberately observed them going at it.
“Cas it is then,” Dean tells him, smiling back.  “I’ll make noise if someone comes around to check on things.”
and I know he’s mad but I can’t fix it if he won’t even let me—if I can’t even—“ he broke off, floundering, blinking hard.
Cas, whose attempt to get himself under control seemed to have been derailed when Sam styled himself the savior of their sex life and then blown up in a towering inferno by the kid’s criticism of his after-scene caretaking, was undergoing a remarkable change in colors.  First he blanched pale, then his face slowly filled in pink before transitioning once more to red.  From there he was starting to turn the corner toward purple, and when Dean smelled that whiff of ozone again and saw a few sparks shoot from one of the unused electrical sockets in the room, he decided the time had come to end this discussion before Cas went the kind of ballistic that would end up with them cooking chunks of thawing meat over the fireplace and huddling in blankets for warmth till the snow melted.
“Your father—and Singer.  What they did to Chuck and Zachariah’s tack?” Castiel says as if he’s relating something that ought to be clear already.
“Apparently,” Sam says, folding his massive form down until he’s seated cross-legged on the floor (which is quite the relief for Dean’s poor neck, which is gonna have a permanent crick from how much craning it’s had to do lately), “Stuart and a small group of his friends and relatives have been, uh, following our activities for some time now.”
In which Cas is not quite finished with Dean, Dean has a hard time letting go, and both of them discover that he likes pain a little more than even they realized.  Also, there's a granola bar.
He took his time stretching himself on those two fingers, first leaving them buried within, then spreading them, scissoring his tight muscles open, readying them for the weeping length rising from Cas’s groin.  By the time his left hand reached for the bottle, right hand withdrawing so that he could drizzle more lube, this time on his three middle fingers, Cas was practically twitching.  The angel’s teeth were digging hard into his lower lip, breath unsteady and rapid, his hands shifting slightly but unendingly in their bonds—but he made no movement to escape the ties that they both knew could not truly hold him, did not lift his hips the bare inches it would take to rub his cock against Dean’s.
Okay, seriously?  It may not be quite as blatant cheating as actually following Dean around, but this whole surround sound shit is clearly meant to unnerve him further, to make him feel all the more vulnerable.
Cas was speaking almost before the words were fully out of Dean’s mouth.  “He is fine.  I visited last night and…ensured that he would not need the restroom overnight, as well as—“
Sam looked for a second like he wasn’t quite sure whether to feel moderately offended, or sort of guilty.  He decided on offended.  “My singing isn’t
“Come for me, Dean,” he grunts, half order and half permission, and it can’t be more than another ten seconds before Dean does, crying out and spilling over Cas’s hand, muscles tightening involuntarily around the cock impaling him.  Cas had stopped thrusting the moment Dean started to come, instead rolling his hips, remaining buried to the hilt to appreciate the clench of Dean’s muscles.
“I...wha…?” Dean said thickly, trying to sort out just what the fuck Sam was talking about--not to mention where he’d heard almost this exact lecture before now.  The only thing that really processed was that somehow Sam had
“You wear flannel too!” Dean accuses, aware that he’s both allowing Sam to distract him and getting bizarrely defensive of his fashion choices.
There’s no sign of Cas in the nursery from hell, which is a relief since even without The Shining doll he plans to spend as little time as possible in there.  The only room left is the bedroom, so Dean heads there next, already getting a little preemptively annoyed at the possibility that the angel isn’t in there and has wandered off to parts unknown.
was happening, but he couldn’t for the life of him have put together what it was.  For that matter, he wasn’t entirely sure of much of anything, up to and including his own name.  He was just too
“Better be getting along, then,” Bart says, in a voice that only pretends friendliness and doesn’t bother to do so well.
Dean whimpers again as he obeys the instructions.  He’s got no fucking clue what he’d be saying if he could speak, and he’s honestly pretty damn grateful he can’t, cause he’d probably just get himself in more trouble.
An indeterminate sound from the hallway freezes Dean in his tracks, then sends him into rapid-fire motion.  He scurries around a set of metal cabinets, ducks behind a ramshackle bookshelf, and silently breathes out a sigh of relief as his eyes land on the best—nay, the
“You already know some of what’s driving this—he was scared.  You scared the hell out of him, Dean.  When he couldn’t heal you—well.  Suffice it to say it wasn’t pretty.  And he’s an angel.  He’s been alive for, what, billions of years, and he hasn’t spent a lot of that time being scared.  He certainly hasn’t spent that time being scared of what he might
Then, finally, Cas speaks again.  “It seems only right,” he says, and there is something sly and calculating in his voice that Dean both loves and fears, “that you should thank me for taking the time to correct you.  For putting in the effort to instruct you on appropriate behavior.  Unfortunately, thanks to your own injudicious use of it, that smart mouth is currently out of commission, leaving you unable to tell me how grateful you are.  And that, Dean,” he murmurs, slowly tracing a single finger down the back of Dean’s neck to his back, then further still, “simply will not do.”  That finger slides all the way down the small of Dean’s back to the tip of his crack, not ceasing until it rests directly atop the plug.  A heartbeat later, fingers seize the plug, unceremoniously withdrawing it from where it has nestled so snugly.
Seizing on the acting abilities that up till quite recently had generally been confined to use in hunting, Dean made his head jerk over to one side, forcing himself to stop giggling for a moment.
“Ah,” said Cas thoughtfully, “Well, that explains it.  I did not think I was supposed to have any extra parts when I had finished.”  He reached into the pocket of the trenchcoat (for some reason he had donned his uniform again post-shower) and produced the pins in question.  Dean narrowly managed to refrain from snorting in amusement, simply taking the extended hardware and directing Cas to lift the door and set it back in place.  It was the work of maybe two minutes to replace the pins where they belonged and ensure that the door sat evenly in the frame.  Both of them took a moment to admire their work before Cas turned back to Dean, a question on his face.  Dean knew already that the angel was going to ask where Sam was and what state Dean had left him in.  Cas knew perfectly well that not enough time had elapsed for anything resembling real torture (and honestly, he knew Dean enough to not actually expect that he’d meant to follow through on his heat-of-the-moment threat).
Cas nodded readily, smiling encouragingly at Dean.  “That is an excellent idea.  Perhaps if we tell Sam of our new plan, he will even consent to emerge from beneath the bed and join us.  His research skills could not help but speed the process.”
…it kind of makes Dean want to commandeer the biggest sky-writing plane on the planet and draw the largest middle finger he can muster, aimed squarely at the universe at large.
The activity around the tents rises to a fever pitch thereafter, and soon enough even young Jeremiah is called away.
Castiel has just about convinced himself to get up and go have another word with Dean Winchester, a far more direct one than earlier.  There’s a question needs asking and he sure as hell won’t be bringing it to Michael, which means Dean’s the only one who can answer it.  His skittishness earlier makes Castiel wonder whether he’ll even answer a direct question, but Cas can’t exactly make up his mind what to do about a problem that may or may not exist (he sets aside for the moment that if by some chance the monstrous shape he thinks he sees the shadow of is real, he ain’t really got the power to do much).  There’s nothing for it but to ask, and—
Trekking back into the library, he found Cas had spent the time earnestly relating to Sam his thoughts about
Dean obeyed.  He extended his arms on either side of him, resting them, palms down, against the hood, and feeling his resolve strengthen as he did so.
Luckily, the thought of running into Sam at all thoroughly destroyed any lingering arousal, and Dean proceeded the rest of the way to the bathroom unimpeded, anyway.
cuff of his trenchcoat over the bare skin of Dean’s ass and thighs, sending frigid water trickling down his ass crack.  There is absolutely no way to argue that the noise he makes is anything but a squeak, and there goes his dignity.  Oh, well.  It was nice while it lasted.
“I thought, for a time, when you freed Dorothy and the Wicked Witch, the dissolution of the spell might free me from its effects as well.  That perhaps I might finally be allowed to age normally and die a natural death—but that misconception was soon cured.  I remain just as unchanged and unchanging as I did the very day the spell was cast.  Its unforeseen effects on me are not so easily dispelled, it seems, if you will pardon the pun.”
are loyal, nearly to a fault.  You are generous—I think you would give the shirt off your back if you thought someone was in need of it—and you are kind-hearted in the ways that matter most.  You can be vicious if necessary in defense of those you love or the powerless, and in fact are as fiercely protective as anyone I have ever known.  You are a good deal cleverer than you give yourself credit for, and no younger brother has ever been as well looked after, as carefully cared for, as Sam was in his childhood.  You are—”
Nobody knows Dean like Cas does—not even Sam.  Cas reconstructed Dean from bone and withered flesh and dust, pieced his body back together and carefully coaxed his soul back into it.  He has seen every private, secret, closely-guarded space inside of Dean, has laid careful hands on them all.  If he, in all his knowledge, in all his ageless wisdom, believes that Dean is good and worthy and precious—it
Dean.  The poor things don’t understand what’s happening to them or why, they just know they feel awful, and I did that to them.”
“Cookies probably would not do any harm, either.  He seems quite partial to your oatmeal chocolate chip.”
Even though Dean registered the content of his words, recognized what Cas was admitting, he had never been less frightened of him.  That Cas had wanted to hurt Dean seemed immaterial beside the pain he was clearly in, beside the self-flagellation that had clearly been taking place somewhere deep in a hidden corner of the bunker.
But Cas wanted it.  And he’d been so adorably shy when he suggested it, not at all that perfectly controlled Dom.  Dean had felt like a dickhead putting him off.
The subtitle underneath, in somewhat smaller letters, read “National Weather Service warns of flooding potential as Midwest’s rainy warm front finally melts record-breaking snow.”
Maybe watching the movie with Cas had been a bad idea, since Dean seemed to be struggling to separate it from reality—although, to be fair, Sam getting sucked into the computer wouldn’t have been anywhere near the strangest thing that had happened to them. Maybe not even the strangest this week. Cas, thankfully, had chosen to approach the situation with somewhat greater rationality.  Dean’s attention was summoned by the sound of the angel lightly clearing his throat.  Turning in his direction, Dean saw Cas, who was crouched next to the bed, gesture pointedly underneath it.
A few steps later, the angel had disappeared once more behind Dean, who closed his eyes for a moment, in order to lock in his mind the image of Cas, in perfect control, sleeves rolled up, blue eyes intent, as he strode toward Dean.
Raising a brow at Sam, he inquired, “still hungry?”  Sam nodded enthusiastically.  “That’s all the chicken, but we’ve got plenty more potatoes.  I’ll go grab them.”
“Yes, sir,” Dean says tightly, a symphony of loathing in the two syllables.  Michael pats his head, carelessly, like a dog, and Castiel grinds his teeth hard enough that it’s a miracle he doesn’t crack them all.
He was a little startled to discover that his eyes were prickling just before he felt himself relax into the embrace, his arms slipping around Cas and his head dropping into the crook of the angel’s neck.  Cas seemed content simply to hold him for long moments, letting Dean decide when it was enough.   Finally, Dean cleared his throat and lifted his head, saying (just a little more petulantly than he’d intended), “You’re doing a lousy job of not touching me.”
The plan took shape quite naturally, and Dean was pleased with himself for already laying the groundwork for it without even knowing he was doing so.  He’d already promised Sam that they would spend the evening with him, had already said he would make dinner and then they could play cards or whatever Sam and Cas decided on.  It would keep the two of them busy and engaged with Sam for at least the next several hours, effectively tying Cas’s hands so that he could not
Dean made a soft sound of wordless frustration, but reached back with both hands, grimacing a little as he dug his fingers into his smarting cheeks and pulled them apart, revealing the ring of muscle between them that Dean could feel was still glistening with lube and Cas’s own come.
“Green, Sir,” Dean responded instantly.  He could do this.  He could finish this.  He was okay.  Hell, he was
I cannot tell you how delighted oh-cassie and I are to present to you our contribution to the 2019 Dean/Cas Reverse Bang,
Cas goes back and forth with the rat for a brief time, clearly warming even further to Stuart (it’s hard not to, honestly).  From what Dean can glean from Cas’s side of the conversation, the rat seems to view Dean with slightly long-suffering (not fair, by the way, since Dean’s only known the guy for maybe an hour) indulgence.  Apparently Stuart and Cas are kindred spirits.
In which Cas really, really doesn't understand that reference (but that doesn't stop Dean), Cas always follows through on his promises (or are they threats?), and the boys may have forgotten something.  Something...big.
He’s not sure when he started to plead, doesn’t actually remember beginning to speak, but it’s largely immaterial because Cas has no intention of stopping before he’s done, no matter how prettily Dean begs.  And to be fair, Dean’s not actually asking him to stop; not really.  He’s begging for more, for Cas to stop fucking
That probably shouldn’t be as hot as it is, but whatever.  Dean’s at peace with his kinkiness at this point, and doesn’t feel even a little self-conscious at the whimper those words draw out of him.  “Yes, Sir,” he manages, a little breathily, knowing Cas expects a response.
.  Trust me, you love your beta readers more than you know.  In the lady's own words, after I accused her of stealing all of my commas: "Lord almighty, I'm stealing a few so the parenthetical asides look like asides, and the commas that aren't necessary don't look like you flavored your screen with pepper."
“I thought that perhaps,” Cas said, the corners of his lips pulling upward slightly, “we could investigate just how far Sam’s bizarre spider senses extend, see if we can outsmart him.”
Cas’s assault during the movie had been dirty pool.  True enough, Dean had to hold himself accountable as well, since he had signed a blank check in exchange for the stellar blowjob and a much-needed orgasm.  It was no shock, really, that Cas had milked every metaphorical penny (and every literal drop) out of both Dean and the deal.  That did not, however, mean that Dean couldn’t want a little payback, and this?  This was the best kind.
Cas chuckled, turning back to his book, but not before offering a warning, “I know how you feel about research, but considering our current strategy, it would be wise for you to resign yourself to how much of it you will be doing until we settle on a plan.”
As it was, Cas’s eyes met his own, and Dean could see the struggle within.  For the first time, he thought Cas
The little antennae flail around happily at the recognition, and a second later there’s a soft scrabbling sound, before Gregor’s head pops up, shortly followed by the rest of his body.  Dean is already reaching out both hands toward him, and the roach scurries rapidly up the bed, patting Dean’s face enthusiastically with both antennae.
“They’re small enough they could probably come with us if we found pet friendly motels, at least for now,” Dean says without providing any permission whatsoever for his mouth to make those particular sounds, and if the twin heart-eyes he gets from both Sam and Cas are any indication, he’s getting the world’s best Christmas presents this year.  “Now somebody take them before one or both of them pees on me.” (Before he completely loses his chill and starts cooing at them is more like it, since now the puppy is licking one of his cheeks and the kitten has decided to do the same to the other cheek, his tiny rough tongue very determinedly grooming Dean’s equally prickly scruff.)
The longer it went on, the more evenly Dean’s breath came and the more his heart rate slowed.  The remnants of those harsh tremors that the hot water had never quite managed to eliminate eased, slowed, and finally stopped altogether.  Finally, as the last physical aftereffects of the drop faded, Dean realized that above and beyond the brutal words he had flung at himself—which had long since gone quiet—the wordless internal keening, the inaudible but no less intense wail of pain had finally faded into silence as well.
The movement started slowly, a smooth withdrawal and an equally smooth surge back inside.  His nerve endings wept with relief when Cas’s hips drew away, then wailed their suffering anew when the pressure returned.  Dean buried his face in the mattress, letting it soak up his noises as Cas settled into the rhythm, keeping his thrusts steady and slow.  Dean could not even fathom the amount of self-control Cas was employing to maintain such a restrained, careful pace.
“You can’t leave it at that,” Dean says, unable to control the slight twitching of his lips.  He’s sure Cas has cottoned on to his amusement by now, because his lips twist wryly as he goes on.
Sam leaves them on the edge of one of the bathroom sinks with two thimbles full of shampoo and body wash respectively, a dry washcloth for use as a towel, and the water turned to just the right temperature.  Dean’s actually pretty stoked, since the sink is going to function like one of those awesome rain showers at their current size.
“Or, I prep you appropriately, you don’t come tonight, and we’ll make it ten strokes tomorrow, after which you will definitely get to come.  With your cock in my mouth.”
“So.  Do I need to tie your wrists, or are you going to be a good boy?  I’m more than happy to make this easier for you.  Choose wisely, because you know perfectly well that if you try to cover up, I will be extremely displeased.”
