Castiel isn’t sure who moves first, or maybe both of them finally give into the undeniable pull of one another’s orbit, but their lips find and slot together easily as if no time has passed between them. It’s a gentle dance, relearning how Dean’s soft lips move against his own. All too soon Castiel finds himself spinning, drunk on the remembrance of it. Intoxicated by the taste of him, Cas lets his tongue slip out, teasing the seam of Dean’s lips.
Dean hurries along the sidewalk with Sam following in tow. As they round the corner he holds his breath hoping to see his car sitting there, hoping that Sam is right and the worst that he’ll have to do is owe the kid an apology for snapping at him. But as his eyes land on the vacant spot where he parked his Baby just a short time ago, any and every swear word imaginable known to man comes out of his mouth.
he remembers, but he’s not exactly sure. A deep throbbing in his temples tells him the beginning of a headache is starting, but Dean tells himself to press through it. He forces himself to think back to early that night. There were shadows over the garage floor that normally aren’t there around closing time. There was something loud that hit the floor. Did he drop something? A wrench maybe? Yes, that’s it. That’s right. He dropped a wrench.
“You’re wrong, ya know?” Dean whispers, his warm breath falling over Castiel’s lips. “Do you know anything about pleasure, angel?”
to make Sam understand. “Don’t you get it? Even now I’m messed up. I still can’t —” He chokes on the words, bending over and gagging on nothing.
“It wasn’t Cas!” Dean hisses, looking around the empty entrance, thankful that no one else happens to be around for this. “Just chill out for a second, okay?”
Dean vividly remembers the faerie gasping, his eyes glowing a bright blue and then a far away voice saying his name. Unafraid, Dean just traces the edge of his ear all the way the pointed the curve of his jawline, mesmerized by him. Then the faerie blinks and the glow is gone. Dean watched him look over his shoulder, his forehead scrunching up like he was thinking too hard before finally looking back down at him.
“He refused to eat. Died six hours after his…” Sam shakes his head, turning and walking down the hallway to the guest room.
“After you do all that, stripping down every little part of me, analyze ever fucking word I’ve said, maybe you’ll see it. Maybe you’ll know for certain, that I mean it when I tell you that I love you.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“I need to call this in,” Castiel says almost reluctantly, stepping back enough that Dean has to let his arm fall back to his sides. “Are you okay with… You’re still in shock, so you’ll be examined. I will need to report you as my mate. You’ll be assigned as my omega and…after today there isn’t any going back.”
“I didn’t know if you’d call back. I…Oh God,” Did the alpha just fucking growl? He closes his eyes tight as he shivers and feels himself baring his neck in response. It’s like all the control he’s been fighting with his body tonight the alpha has complete control over with just the deep, rough tone of his voice.
“Well, when we aren’t doing that or doing our rounds, we may have been trying to figure out a way to break the bond between the mates,” he says. Dean watches as Sam’s eyes narrow, his whole face hardening. “We have an idea on what we want to try, but that’s the main thing. Try. It’s not like we can use a cadaver to test the theory. There is nothing we can do without consent from the patient, and most of our rejection ward is just unconscious omegas.”
Dean’s eyes flick down to where Sam’s fist shakes on the arm of the chair. Maybe it should scare him if he was all together, but as Dean looks back up to his brother’s face expecting to see anger, he only sees hurt etched across every line of his face.
They made sure to keep Castiel’s level between them, only practicing when they were alone and in their own apartment. Dean showed Cas how to hide his level with a simple spell, only having to redraw the markings every third day.
fault. He left him alone. He wasn’t here to protect him. Fuck, he
~*~*~
“And you know where Dean is?” Sam asks, leaning forward.
Three things occur to Dean his eyes scan the woods for any sign of his friend. One; he’s in love with his friend. Something inside him just knows that somehow, someway, they were destined to meet. Whatever it is – Fate, maybe – the bond between them is so tightly woven Dean thinks that is anyone cut it he wouldn’t survive it.
Throughout all his time existing, Castiel has heard of humans speaking of moments where time has seemed to still. As he watches Dean squeeze the plastic in his hand, hearing the sound of it cracking and breaking, Castiel never understood what others have meant. He stands there, watching the blood drip down Dean’s fist unable to make his body move in response to try and stop it.
The bed dips down as Castiel kneels on the edge beginning to crawl back over Dean again. He scoots backwards, but Castiel just follows him until Dean’s head hits the headboard. “Wait, listen. This is going to sound bad but– oh fuckk!”
Castiel blinks frantically, trying to keep it away, not wanting to be unconscious for anything Dean – the shifter – might do next. “D-Dean. Please.” He doesn’t want this. He never wanted it to be like
“Dean, I don’t know if I can,” Cas squeezes his eyes shut tightly, face screwed up in concentration. Slowly they open again, a little of the blue has returned. “If I wait any longer to leave I might not be able to. Please, you have to tell me what you want me to do. I don’t want to hurt you.”
“They want me to come back to Heaven.”
Just when Dean thinks he can’t take it anymore, and goes to turn around, a warm hand presses lightly on his lower back keeping him moving forward.
Dean opens his mouth to say something – anything, really – but nothing comes out. Brief flashes of the last few days he hardly remembers goes through his mind. Everything is a blurry fog where Dean just remembers wanting to die. A shiver runs up spine as he tries to remind himself to breathe.
~*~*~
Whether he believes it or not, Dean isn’t about ready to argue with someone who has that many years locked in and flies under the governments radar. The only thing he can hope for is that after tonight, and just maybe after all this time, he can have someone else besides his brother that he trusts. Maybe Castiel can teach him what it's like to start living, too.
“You are so amazing, you know that? You did so well. I’m so proud of you,” Castiel praises as he rubs his thumb against his cheek. “My strong, brave omega. I’m so lucky to have you as mine.”
Ol bolape erm elasa - I am with you
When they did actually stop and Castiel was actually able to lay down on a bed, it didn’t help things that he was usually woken up by Dean loudly stumbling into their room from wherever he had been, so drunk he barely knew his own name. Some nights (most nights) he was jolted from his sleep by Dean’s blood curdling screams.
By the time they to the apartment, Dean’s mind is running a mile a minute, killing his hard on. He’s torn between leaving and racing to wherever Cas is or staying and letting himself just have a night for himself. In the end, the girls make the decision for him. They all lose their shirts fairly quickly, all of them bare chested except for the blond whose see through lacy bra leaves nothing to imagination. They pull him between them and hands are everywhere. Leaning down he kisses the shorter one quickly before turning his head and kissing the long haired blond.
And when they kissed, Dean swears he could see the heavens.
The faerie gave him a sad smile before kneeling down to his level. “I have to go now before they realize I’m gone. If I tell you I’ll come back and visit, will you stay out of the woods unless I’m there with you?”
Dean glances over to him to see Sam’s forehead wrinkled in concern as he catches his eye. “How long have we been gone, Sammy?” His brother just shakes his head. Dean pushes the car faster as he swerves in traffic. “How long have we been fucking gone?”
“Alright,” Sam says nodding his head. “I’m ready.”
that curly haired beta is going to stick him with that needle just to be an asshole.
“But I already was ‘claimed’,” Dean spits out the word. “So Benny broke the law.”
of it. Does Cas really need to know he drove
“How am I not…” He can’t bring himself to finish the sentence.
It’s all getting too much. He reminds himself to why they’re in the bedroom, and how he wanted to take Dean apart. “Dean,” he pants breathlessly, eyes squeezed shut as he tries to get ahold of himself. “If we don’t stop I’m… I’m going to...”
“I am retired, though I still keep in the loop. I am not dumb by any means, Dean.” Cain eyes never leave Dean as he takes his cup taking a sip. “Now, why are you looking for me? How did you find me?”
“Crowley,” a smooth, deep voice says behind then. Dean’s hand twitches towards the demon knife hidden in the waistband of his pants as he turns his head to the voice. “Dean. Why don’t you both come inside? It seems we have some things to talk about.”
. Dean’s words bring a sob out and his knees begin to give out. Castiel doesn’t even try and stop himself, and falls to his knees on the gravel, hands slipping away from Dean’s warmth. He hears Dean scramble to try and catch him, barely registering Dean’s hands reaching for any part of his body.
Dean never really understood the weight of the promise he made all those years ago until this moment.
Without any hesitation, he says,“413 Chestnut Avenue. Apartment 317.”
Gordon slams his hand on the desk, rocking back in the seat laughing. Dean doesn’t even flinch. His grip on the pen is so tight now he feels some of the cheap plastic cracking.
It’s…a lot. A lot more than Dean can really process at three, four or whatever the hell time it is, in the morning. Just thinking about the late (or early) hour has him yawning again.
“She didn’t fucking tell you, did she? Of course she didn’t! I knew she was pissed the minute Cas walked into –”
He hears footsteps hurrying towards him and doesn’t even have to guess if it might be Cas. The beta with the needle has taken a few more steps back, looking past him with a pissed off look on his face. Dean turns his head in the direction to where the other guy is looking to see Castiel pushing past people to get to him. His eyes look worried, panicked even, almost like he’s afraid of something. As messed up as it might be seeing the alpha worried about him, Dean is relieved that he doesn’t look annoyed. He’s heard and seen alpha’s losing their shit on omegas for less.
“Cain chose to stop because of a simple human who he loved who asked him to,” he says. “His own Knights came and killed Collette right in front of him and he picked up the Blade again, giving back into bloodlust to avenge her; therefore giving us the knowledge that a knight can only be killed by the Blade. But it all happened – the reason to stop killing – was because of a human.”
“It’s never going to stop hurting, will it?” He sobs, managing to wrap his arms around her, gripping the back of her shirt tightly. He’s only half aware that the world even behind his eyelids is starting to spin, and holding onto Charlie is the only thing that’s keeping him tethered.
“The doctor took blood samples and ran a few other tests. It was fascinating how compatible these two were for each other. Not just their biology as alpha and omega, but mentally too. She said others have reached out to her with similar cases. Seems it’s rare, but it does happen to others. To think that someone can find their soulmate and your body recognizes it…”
Angrily Dean turns and stomps back to the trunk of the car. Castiel lowers his gaze again, realizing for the first time he’s barefoot, and his feet are quite on their way to being numb. Logically, everything pointing to Dean
His alpha has never looked more beautiful than he does in this moment.
Dean slowly turns to his brother and blinks back the stinging in his eyes. He barely chokes out Sam’s name, unsure of what he’s asking. This is way over Dean’s head. He’s having trouble thinking about anything other than how much pain Castiel must be in to process anything. Are there monsters out there that get off on this kind of crap? He doesn’t know of any. He can’t even fucking comprehend this…this fucking type of sickness. Why would anyone, let alone some sort of creature, do this?
A little part of him wants to give into the blackness. The empty void in front of him seems rather peaceful. There is a nagging feeling he should go back. There is something important he has to do. Without putting too much thought into either one, the burning cold engulfs him. He hears someone screaming far, far away. Even with the distance, the agony in the voice reaches him. The rawness of the emotion explodes before him in a bright supernova of blue light, consuming him in a white hot fire of pain.
“It’s fine,” Dean says fighting back the urge to reach out and entwine their fingers together. “Nothing would’ve been worked out anyway if you got my messages. You still would’ve thought that I…”
than friendly. He tries to chalk it up to just being lonely. He and the faerie have always been a bit more touchy-feely than, maybe, regular people are. It’s just sometime that always stuck since Dean was four and fascinated with being able to touch a real live faerie. As he got older it was more-or-less just to make sure the perpetual messy haired man is real. Admitting it, though, means possibly scaring away his friend who’s shown no hint of anything more than just friendship. He convinces himself to stuff it down – deep down – inside and forget about it.
Dean watches as Castiel’s jaw clench so hard it looks painful. His eyes trail down his body, admiring and drinking in the curves and lines until he gets to his cock standing heavy and full between them. Dean’s mouth quickly fills with saliva as slick begins to pool underneath him.
His body body responds by melting into the man, letting out a whimper that turns into a sob. Dean reaches between them, grabbing ahold of that light blue tie that’s always perpetually askew, pulling himself closer into the alpha – his alpha.
“One I consider neither anyone’s concern, or a problem of any kind,” Castiel’s deep, rough voice rumbles out. “Company I value very, very much.”
The group laughs, footsteps quickly approaching just as Dean reaches his car door and pulls it open. He gets in and flips down the visor catching his keys in his hand as they fall out. He slams the door shut and locks it just as the group of three alphas steps up next to his car.
He snorts and nods his head. “You’ve just had your dick up my ass. Pretty sure it doesn’t get much more personal than that.”
It wasn’t even a full twenty-four hours, and here this
Heaving a sigh, Castiel shakes his head. “He was impaled.”
Of all places, why here? It is hundreds of miles away from the boarder, and thousands of miles away from where they started. He squints his eyes at the darkness of night around him, and shifts his feet on the pitiful excuse for a road. Tires that are lit on fire are scattered throughout the torn up road, giving the warlike scene a more morbid look. Somewhere not too far off he hears another round of gunshots going off, and he shifts uncomfortably as his shirt begins to stick to his body.
He leans his head back against the wall and strokes himself fast and dirty. Slick trickles down his legs and Dean doesn’t muffle the moan that falls from his lips. He closes his eyes and quickens his pace, sweat dripping down his face as he pictures bright blue eyes and unruly dark brown hair.
“It might be a lingering after effect. I don’t think it’s something that will last, but you can stop and we can run some tests if you want? You already look a lot better than you were in the hospital, but just in case we can check everything over.” Sam offers a small smile. “If everything you’re saying is true, Benny either didn’t know, or couldn’t break your bond with Cas. The mating gland and bite is probably manipulated into breaking the bond created between mates, but judging by how you are doing with everything, I don’t know if that’s a normal thing or just because it’s you and Cas.”
Sam snorts before mumbling something under his breath as Dean watches him stomp over to the refrigerator and open it. It takes him less than a second of staring inside it before slamming it closed and storming into the living room and throwing himself down into his usual chair. “Since when do you not carry any beer in your fridge?”
His cell phone begins ringing, shattering the silence around him. It quickly hits him that it is very quiet. Almost too quiet. He is out in the middle of the woods, so why hasn’t he heard any birds? Or any other sound of any other animal. Pulling his phone out of his pocket, he answers it, eyes searching the trees around him.
“They just wouldn’t stop bothering you and I wasn’t thinking,” he says. “I lost control control. Again.” Dean hears him sigh, but can’t bring himself to move his head up to even look at him. “I don’t know what it is about you, but I can’t seem to control myself when it comes to you.”
knife. He pulls it out carefully, holding it at the ready as his eyes dart back and forth around the room. Carefully he moves backwards until the heel of his boot hits the back of the wall. The air seems to grow heavier, charged with tension and something else Dean can’t seem to put his finger one, but still no one shows.
Dean sighs and looks back at his brother who gives him an exasperated face. “I didn’t think, okay?”
Instead, he just smiles and quips back. “Ooh, kinky Cas.”
“That’s okay,” he says with a sad smile. “It happens, sometimes. It’ll come back.”
“Don’t give me that look,” he huffs smoothly out his suit jacket. “Less I hear that moose bitching about anything the better. I had to sit here and listen to him go on for hours after you left. I rather sit rounds back in Hell being tortured than have to go through that again. So, shall we agree to play it off like you hadn’t gone and followed wherever your heartstrings pulled, eh?”
He looks back at Dean through his own tear filled eyes, and sees that little sideways smile he’s come to adore so much over the years. “Heya Cas.” Dean squeezes his hand lightly, lips twitching at the corners. “It’s okay.”
being the shifter are becoming more and more. Even deep inside himself he already knows that everything he’s doing is more mental confirmation than anything else. Nothing feels off about him, and even Sam knows Dean well enough to know if something was off.
Sam pushes himself out of the bed and to his feet. He walks over to the machine and stares at the numbers. “Everything seems good. Better, at least, than last night. Definitely better than when you got here. I have a lot of questions, but for right now the only one I’m going to ask is how are you feeling? Really Dean, no bullshit.”
Dean’s laughter and taunts follow him out of the room. He only manages close the door slowly behind him before his hand holding the syringe begins to shake. Sam is suddenly there, taking the syringe out his hand and giving him a pat on the shoulder.
“How is Dean, by the way?” Cain’s voice suddenly growing softer, the harshness dropping out completely. Castiel hadn’t picked up on the tone until now. “I hear he did well. Took Abaddon down.”
“Not the trials themselves, but specifically, curing Crowley with purified blood,” he says watching different emotions pass across Sam’s face. “I think that without the spell itself and just injecting Dean with blood that has been blessed might be worth giving it a chance.”
Dean swears it has been the longest month of his life.
Sam waves his hand at him, cutting Dean off. “Their situation was different. They didn’t have some romcom meet cute or a number to get ahold of the other. They both had to deal with their own heat and rut alone with that feeling of ‘missing something’. Her words, not mine.”
Deep inside Castiel, he wants to believe some part of the Dean he knows is still in there, screaming to be set free. But the logical part of him knows this isn’t likely. Dean had been moments away from killing him, and would have done it without a second thought. He carries no remorse. The Blade is driving his lust for blood.
“Huh?” Dean blinks again, attempting to gage his surroundings. Sitting up slowly, he looks down to his left side and notices his black shirt is still in one piece, no blood in sight. Lifting up his shirt he reveals his skin completely unmarked, no sign that he was ever shot. “What the hell?”
“He tried to take me and sell me!” Dean hisses. “He shouldn’t have been let out at all!”
“Holy shit,” Dean hears his brother whisper.
Maybe it’s possible Cas is lying, but judging by his reactions Dean doesn’t think he is. Castiel was always a pretty terrible liar. He reminds himself that Cas is here regardless of what he thought happened between them before Charlie told him. That has to mean something. Cas even stayed with him in the parking lot instead of leaving when Bobby kicked them out. By if Cas hasn’t been getting his messages then that only leaves one other option.
Dean opened his mouth to argue, but he beats him to it. “Names have power, little one,” he says with another sad smile. Dean gave him a pout and cups his face in his hands.
Dean came by Castiel’s, as planned, after a frustrating day at work. After dinner, the movie turned into nothing more than just background noise. Dean was laying overtop of Cas, sucking that spot just behind his ear that made him make the best noises, when maybe,
Castiel flinches away from the touch rasping out, “Don’t touch me.”
“So you’re saying we’re…what?”
“I…” He hesitates as the feeling that something isn’t right grows in the pit of his stomach. He mentally tries to shove it away as quickly as it comes. Dean wont hurt him. No matter what kind of spell or hex he’s under, his Righteous Man would never hurt him. “Still the same.”
of his business. It just wasn’t in the status “normal” that people see it. Having had a month to looking over every part of their relationship front-ways, sideways and every way in between – Dean was satisfied. He was happy.
Deans eyes narrow as his hands tighten into fists. His scent must change enough that Castiel starts to look nervous. “Why? You think we’re going to go at it again?”
The Kansas stay at home order that Dean isn’t quite sure when it got put into place (because honestly it hasn’t made any fucking difference; no one is staying home.) gets revamped into curfews and small businesses begin shutting down until further notice. Thankfully, people who still have to work and need cars to get where they need to go which makes Dean essential. Score one for him, except wearing a mask when he interacts with the general public sucks. Being only one of the few places still open for oil changes makes Dean’s days ridiculously busy. Benny’s wife Andrea had begged Bobby to let Benny take a leave of absence when the virus started to hit their city. Bobby agreed, and Dean couldn’t blame her. She was eight months pregnant and terrified about losing their child.
The first thing he notices as he pushes Sam aside is the chair laying on its side, the chains in a heap beside it. In the amount of time it takes to realize his, Dean appears from the shadows, a sideways smirk across his face.
At this point, what else does anyone have to lose?
Somewhere inside his fever fogged mind he knows Dean would never act like this. No matter how badly Dean’s longing and touch-starved body craves his some days, Dean would never allow himself his comfort. Castiel has felt when his longing gets bad enough through their bond. It is those times that Dean usually leaves for a few hours only returns later on with a mixture of guilt, shame and being mildly sated in its place. Though, by the way he acts, you would think he’s happy. But Castiel knows better. Even without being able to feel Dean’s emotions, he knows his charge well enough to see things others don’t.
“Cas, wait!” She calls after him. Castiel ignores her, beelining it for his shoes waiting for him by the door. “Dean’s a mess without you! If you would just talk to him he could –”
Castiel eyes him for a moment, and then shakes his head. Whatever he has done, it wasn’t him, not really. “I don’t care. That isn’t you, that is the Mark making you do those things.”
“You fucking
“What, can’t a guy come to check in on how his friend is doing?” He asks innocently. Too innocently.
“Alright. Go back to saving the world, or whatever shit you do.”
Cain’s smile drops, and he looks down. “Abaddon…” He turns back to the picture. Dean notices Cain is twirling his ring again. “Tell me Dean.” Cain’s eyes glance at him. “If you had someone you loved, deeper than anything you’ve ever felt before, and they saved you time and time again from yourself. How would you feel knowing that was taken from you? How would you react if you heard terrible, unfathomable things were done to them? How would you feel if you lost them?”
Usually Dean can’t scent his brother. Whether it’s from working in a sterile environment all the time or just being beta, he’s never really gotten a clear smell from him. Occasionally Dean thinks he might have caught something in their rare short meets, but he hasn’t really put much thought into it. But now as Dean subtly sniffs the air, he catches the scent of old books and something like bergamot. It’s strong. Almost growing stronger, Dean thinks.
All he can see is his bright red blood smeared over his finger tips.
His thoughts always circled back to Dean.
“…And then there was Colette.” Dean watches as Cain touches the picture softly, his eyes closing for a moment. “She loved me unconditionally – forgave me for everything I had ever done, even. But she made me promise her one thing,” Cain says turning back to look at him, and Dean finds himself straightening his back. The air feels heavy, and Dean finds is suddenly difficult to swallow. He clears his throat and tries again, swallowing thickly.
Neither says anything, just taking and absorbing the information. Castiel waits, ears tuned in for any noise coming from beyond the open door. Other than a drip coming from the sink faucet, everything is quiet. The barest hint of his grace is coming from inside the house so he knows Dean is still, at least, inside the room.
Dean pushes her back until her hands fall out from his jacket and clears his throat. “Listen, it’s not a big deal. I’m just gunna go back to, uh, my brother, okay?”
Reluctantly, Dean stopped things before it ended up being too much too soon. The walk back to his car was awkward and stiff. Only slightly embarrassing when he passed an older lady walking her dog.
Sam snorts and sits up. “Dude, you were obsessed with Harrison Ford for years. You made me watch Tombstone about a million times, and kept up with Dr. Sexy religiously like some retired old lady in a nursing home. I’m pretty sure the only one who didn’t have a clue you were bi was you.”
The ache in his chest seems to be growing. It hurts in such a way Dean can’t pretend to ignore it anymore. Even if he has no honest idea who this guy is, something inside him remembers him. Something inside him is feeling the loss just as much as this guy is.
Just as about Dean is ready to run at a ghoul eyeing a little girl no bigger than ten, when he hears a muffled scream coming from his right followed by a bright light he has to shield his eyes away from. Skidding to a stop, Dean turns slowly, dropping his blood stained hand from his eyes.
“You gunna look at me all night or are you going to fuck me, alpha.”
Regardless, I am sorry. Life is being a big bag of dicks right now.
“And what would be so wrong with that?”
”Dean, seriously. We need to just stop. We all need to take a break and –”
Dean has no idea why he thought it was a good idea, or if he was really even thinking at all, but all he could do to respond is lean forward in the small space that separated them and kissed him.
“You know this is a trap, right?” Sam says, pocketing his phone.
“Not to my knowledge, no. There are only a select few of us who are able to control our emotions or scents.” Dean watches the dim outline of Cas shrugging. “The government wanted us spread out over the country so that if they needed us in other areas one of us wouldn’t be so far away.”
Castiel’s shoulders slump under the weight of the realization he’s been too blind to see up until this point. “Stop –”
“Holy water hurt Abaddon.” Sam continues, walking over to the table where his phone rests beside the tipped over plastic cup. “We can use that to weaken, or at least distract Dean to get the chain around him. After we have him confined, we are going to take him to the house and put him in a devils trap. We are going to try exorcism. I have some books I am still going through, but-“
Sam’s eyes narrow just a second before turning back to the screen. “It’ll make sense in a second. Just let me finish.”
Sam turns around slowly in his chair, blinking his eyes like he forgot Dean was even in the room with him. “I think you docs got something wrong with your research. I mean, look at me! I’m a fuckin’ dude, Sammy! I got a dick and no oven to bake anything.”
A group of officers greet Cas before leading him off a few feet. He keeps glancing back at him, through the gaps between people moving around them, but trying to keep him in Dean’s eyesight with everything going on starts to give him a headache. Honestly, the noise from everyone talking, car doors slamming shut, orders being given – Dean wants desperately just to cover his ears get into his car and drive away.
Cain pulls Dean’s wrist back, pulling the blade out along with it. Dean glances down at the blade covered in Cain’s own blood and then back up at him looking completely calm and composed. Cain nods his head slowly, eyes searching over Dean’s face one last time.
“Oh, of…of course,” Castiel replies, grabbing the lantern and setting it next to his backpack. On the top, he finds his folded towel first, and grabs it before he can second-guess himself. “But can I dry you off first?”
“Good boy,” Castiel answers, moving his thumb back and forth across the short beard he is currently sporting. “Strip for me,” Castiel purrs, stepping back.
Dean flushes, looking embarrassed and a little irritated. “Dean Winchester. Not a boy, by the way, but Cas here keeps on forgettin’.” He flashes a cocky grin then, trying to take control of the situation. “Right, Sir?”
“Jimmy. It's been thirteen years today. It shouldn’t…it shouldn’t still hurt so bad.” Castiel gasps in a breath, tossing the frame aside. Suddenly Castiel’s mood the past few days makes complete sense. Dean isn’t sure what to do, so going on instinct, he crawls up into his alpha’s lap. He wraps his arms tightly around him and pulls Castiel’s face into the crook of his neck, a hand carding through his wild tangle of hair. Castiel draws in a deep breath against his skin before letting out a long sigh, sinking deeper into the couch.
“Oh yes, I often keep him gagged while I fuck him because he hates to be empty, like a good little slut. Of course, then I can’t hear all the needy whore sounds he makes for me.” His master pumps his fingers in and out and Dean’s mouth pools with spit.
“What did my brother do?” he asks firmly.
“Y-you wouldn’t paddle me with all these welts.” Dean challenges, even as his anger is slowly melting away, leaving a feeling of remorse and shame in its place.
Dean just nods, grinding his teeth. His dad always tells him to just “behave”—as if that would solve all of Dean’s problems.
He throws his head back over Castiel’s shoulder and writhes on top of him. The feel of Castiel all around him, the mouth kissing his neck and the hand on his chest and the legs bracketing him is all so intense and amazing he can’t help but pant and whine, canting his hips begging for more.
“Fuck me, baby, come on.” Castiel tightens his hands on the headboard, giving himself better leverage, and then Dean’s cock strikes his prostate and he cries out. “God, right there, right fucking there—”
“Alrighty, I’m Patrick, and I just need a form of ID and we can get you a color band, eh?” The man’s smile turns up a little at the side, like he’s laughing at some joke that Dean doesn’t get. He’s not so sure he likes this guy. Still, he shows him his ID and he quickly hands it back to him. He has Dean sign a waiver form on a tablet using his finger too. “Are you familiar with our color system?”
“Easy, good boy, I’m gonna take my time with you,” Castiel hums as he slowly begins to sink into Dean. His hole stretches easily for Cas and he relishes the full feeling. Pinned down and filled he feels his mind start to slow, tension from the day melts away. His muscles relax and his back falls into a deep arch, a low groan of pleasure escapes his lips when Castiel grips his hips.
He clears his throat, pushing
“Dude, weddings are the best places to get with the ladies,” Charlie says, ignoring Dean’s last comment and wiggling her eyebrows. Gabriel laughs, giving her a high five.
“You’re Bi, but you’ve only dated girls?” Dean has no idea what to make of this new development. It isn’t that he wasn’t gonna tell Sam, he just didn’t really have a reason too till now.
“I would like to suspend you, Dean, then pink up this beautiful skin for me.” Castiel’s hands never leave his skin as they test and tug at all the harness, checking it all over.
“Tell me when you’re close, Dean,” Castiel tells him, in a voice that sounds way too fucking calm for how utterly undone he feels. His hole clenching and releasing around the toy reminds him of his reward,
“Look at how beautifully you pink up for me, so responsive,” Castiel hums as he lays into Dean with two more stinging smacks. He lets out a low moan at the sensation and hears the leather drop to the floor as hands skate over his sensitive skin. “So hot, god you make me so hard, Dean.” He shivers as he feels a tongue and lips kiss over his heated skin. Hands stroking he whines at the stimulation and all but chokes back a cry as Castiel's mouth is suddenly sucking down his hard cock.
“Is that a satisfactory enough reward?” Castiel’s voice is in that familiar, low rumble.
“Nothing?” Castiel repeats hollowly. “Did you forget the part where I promised to keep him and Sam safe, and then
Cas slaps his back, hard and fast and surprising, and his sub whines loudly.
“What are you and your delicious boy up to tonight?” she asks.
Medic67 8:22 PM <<
“I believe you’re ready for more…” He tries to keep his voice cool and even, but he feels his own cock grow hard against his slacks. In hindsight, this idea might’ve been awful—mixing work with kink—but the sight of his sub writhing above him, spread wide open on the stirrups, is going to make up for any discomfort he feels during his next shift.
“Yours!”
“Such…a…fucking…sap,” Dean rasps, smiling up at him, and Castiel realizes belatedly that he’s said all that out loud. “You gonna move anytime soon?
“Hey there,” comes a deep, friendly voice that sounds as familiar as it is welcoming. The newcomer is speaking quickly, obviously in a rush, as Castiel scrambles to greet him. “So, Missouri forwarded me your chart, but it isn’t done downloading. Thought I’d come introduce myself while we wait for our ancient technology to catch up.” There’s a slight chuckle, one meant to put someone at ease. “My name is—”
“You got it bad, huh?” Ellen says softly, and Castiel blinks and turns around, feeling confused and a little panicked, like a rug has just been pulled from under him.
“Dean!” shouts a boy’s voice. He pushes himself through the small crowd, and the next thing Castiel sees, a skinny teenage boy with long hair engulfs Dean in a hug. He has a noticeable black eye, he’s much too skinny, and there’s a threadbare duffel bag slung over his shoulder.
“Miss Milton is running behind schedule today. Would you mind seeing another physical therapist instead? There were a few cancellations, so I think we can squeeze you in easily enough.”
Sam turns, grinning a little. “You could say that, I guess. So what about you?”
Hello All,
“Sammy.” Dean holds up a hand to interrupt him. “We can get you what you need, alright? How much do you need?”
“If any of you don’t follow these instructions, well…there are few different outcomes. Some legal, some not-so-legal. One outcome: I send this footage to every non-corrupt law enforcement agent I can find, and you’re arrested for attempted rape. Another, the geniuses on my payroll break into your bank accounts and empty out every penny. The third…” He drags the knife through the zipper of Raphael’s trousers, not stopping until he’s touched skin. “I find you. Then I cut off these tiny, pitiful excuses for dicks that you think gives you the right to treat people like property.” Raphael is panting now, a muffled howl escaping from behind his gag, and Castiel sinks the knife deeper. “I don’t know any eunuchs who maintain their beloved ‘alpha’ status, but I imagine there’s a first time for everything.”
The door to the patio opens behind them, the sounds of Kevin and Jo carrying down the largest of the coolers, each holding a handle. Castiel takes a stumbling step backwards, trying to look casual, as if they weren’t just having a private lover’s talk. Lost on what to do next, he heads in the direction of the grill. He drops the food off on a free surface, watching out of the corner of his eye as Dean grabs a towel and dries off.
April blushes a little. “No, uh, he’s right. Everyone says thirty is the new twenty.”
“I apologize,” Castiel says in a rush, though Gabriel doesn’t look too mifled—surprised mostly. “We had some…security concerns, and Gadreel has been with my staff for about three months now. He takes his work very seriously.”
Dean swallows his mouthful of pie, blushing profusely.
to the end of the sentence, and buries the urge with a particularly long sip of wine. Dean rolls his eyes goodnaturedly and looks unconvinced, but a few moments later Castiel spots him chewing a tentative mouthful. He’s grimacing from the taste, but his brother looks floored that Dean’s even choking back arugula, so that’s a start. Castiel feels content, watching the omega take proper care of himself. There are so many things Castiel would do to make Dean feel healthy and safe and happy, if he could.
“YOU are who I want, Dean Winchester, and I promise to take good care of you, I want this to be good for both of us and I think it could be.” Dean feels a warmth in his chest at the words. “Now why don’t you take the new list I am sending you and if you have questions, just call or text me, okay?”
“You said I had two problems?”
“It should. Now go upstairs and clean yourself, I left what I want you in on the end of the bed.” Castiel pecks him on the cheek and shoos him away.
“I do. I’ve never been in a romantic relationship—dating isn’t something I’m used to. I think it’s probably not surprising we both want to revert back to the kind of relationship we both understand the best.” Dean nods, feeling ten times better knowing Castiel feels that way too. “I have a suggestion.”
“I graduated with my masters from Harvard Business School four years ago, and my cousin is CEO at Sandover. I was lucky enough that he gave me a job and I've worked my way up since then.”
Alastair just nods, standing to leave, when Castiel clears his throat. Alastair’s eyebrows raise in question, and Castiel answers, “I think you meant to say ‘yes Sir.’”
Gabriel sighs—again, for the hundredth time this week. “If you eat something, I’ll tell you a bit of news.”
“Sam,” Dean adds, a little of that big brother authority to the name.
Relief floods him—the intruder is just his friend, not, you know, an
It feels incredibly presumptuous to ask such a thing—Dean is probably in the middle of some very important training and can’t be bothered by Castiel and his cravings. But April just laughs, shaking her head. “Are you kidding me? He’ll be thrilled. If I had to guess, I’d say that Dean…” She stares at a spot on the carpet while Castiel forgets how to breathe, wondering how April planned to end that sentence. “Nevermind. Be back in a jiffy.”
“You can touch if you want,” Castiel answers from behind him, somehow knowing his thoughts. He swallows hard before reaching out a hand, running it over the smooth wood.
The next few weeks were by far the most peaceful Dean had had in his life, maybe even from before his enslavement as well. He still had nightmares, but since Cas was still letting Dean into his bed Cas would usually soothe Dean back to sleep. He still couldn't understand why Cas wasn't fucking him, since that was his purpose, and judging by the occasional boner he tried to hide, he found Dean attractive.
“Do you think everyone…heard me last night?” he asks carefully.
Castiel’s voice drops even lower…as if that was fucking possible. “And do you always like being the alpha male?”
“I knew dear ol’ dad was a controlling bastard, but…” Gabriel shakes his head, looking weary. “To play god with a bunch of people’s lives? Their health? Just for money… Makes me sick.”
“Yes, okay,” he answers clicking on a new email from Castiel.
“Um, my little brother,” he answers, still distractedly staring at Castiel’s mouth.
“Edgar,” the woman greets, and then nods. “This is the one and only. Now be a good little pet and show our friend here to his father?” She bats her lashes at the man in a snide, mocking way before going back to her computer. The man scowls at her before stalking closer to Dean.
he reminds himself sternly. He swipes a hand over his face, chuckling darkly. It’s common for bonds to form at Purgatory, but in the end, everyone graduates and is paired up with someone they’re more compatible with. Dean is too young and vibrant, too funny and smart and rebellious and wild, to let some old Dom like Castiel tie him down.
“Thanks,” Castiel replies dryly, not thinking his cooking and baking skills are altogether
the news anchor says plainly, as footage appears of Alastair being handcuffed and pushed into a police cruiser, “
to get Dean out—”
“Uh, it was fine,” he mumbles. He catches Castiel’s eye, holding suddenly firm as he says, “He told me what you did for him…how you took care of him.” He scratches the back of his neck, gaze shifting away. “I’ll never be able to pay you back for that, but I’m grateful.”
“I yelled at him to get down, which he did, knocking the whole wheelbarrow over in the process. I thought he scared himself good with the bang but no joke, twenty minutes later I turn my back and he’s doing it again!”
“Hey, mind if I join you?” Kevin asks, carrying his laptop and a bag of chips.
PS: My girl EllenOfOz, who is my amazing editor and one of my best friends, wrote the most exciting beautiful story for an SPN Dystopia challenge (really pretty art work for it too). Its called The Elysium High and I put the link below, hoping it works. Its such a well written story do not miss out <3
Gadreel nods in understanding and Castiel walks swiftly toward the staircase. By the time he reaches the top step and reenters the main floor, his hands are shaking. He wishes, more than anything, that he could have his omega back in his arms. Dean always knows how to ground him, how to keep his temper in-check when Castiel begins to lose control. Without his boyfriend around, Castiel thinks he might not recognize himself.
“Hey, Dean!” Sam answers excitedly.
Castiel’s heart swells, and he brings his hand up, cupping Dean’s cheek. “That would never happen.” He’s on the verge of spilling all his feelings, muddled and passionate as they are, but the instructor is looking around disapprovingly. The timing isn’t right. “You have to go. I would never forgive myself if I distracted you from this.”
Sam snatches the phone back. “Dean, can I come stay with you for a little?” His voice is small, and he knows Sam wouldn’t ask if he didn’t feel trapped.
“Winchester!” He hears their Chief, Bobby, yell. “What the hell is go – what the hell did you do to Walker’s face?!”
Dean has no idea what he’s going to do, or what he can even do, to help.
But here he is, Castiel Novak, his ex boyfriend, sitting right next to him in the police station, looking back at him with those insanely blue eyes Dean swears could rival the clearest oceans water.
Just as the drugs slowly start to make his head fuzzy, Castiel’s body jerks, the chains above his head rattling with his movement. He grunts, shaking his head as Dean tries to blink his eyes back into focus.
There’s still Gordon’s blood caked underneath his fingernails.
The bottom line of the whole thing is, no one really knows shit. Not really. Sam keeps telling Dean that it’s too new and too unexplored to know much of anything. The government still has places closed, curfews in place and orders for people to wear masks. Dean tries to think of last summer when the world wasn’t flipped upside down, but it’s all a little fuzzy.
Trying to hang onto the last bit of strength he has left, clenches his hands at his side trying to hold onto any anger he can. “That what you tell yourself to fall asleep at night?”
“Sorry Dean.” Cain turns away from him, walking over to the bookshelf that Dean was thrown into. Cain bends down and picks up a picture frame from the ground, wiping something off of the unbroken glass. “I no longer have the Blade.”
His name on the alpha’s tongue sounds like the most pornographic thing Dean has ever heard. As if his name itself was a command, a whimper slips past his lips as slick falls out of him as his skin begins to prickle.
The next day after Sam has finally given him the okay to be released, Dean feels like he’s practically vibrating in his own skin with an itch to see Cas and get some answers. But instead of Sam walking him to the exit, he leads him out of the Rejection Wing and towards his regular office. Dean finds himself slouching back against a somewhat lumpy chair, trying to make himself disappear by sheer force of will.
Sammy starts working later, coming home well after Dean gets off work from the garage and leaving well before Dean gets up for the day with his alarm at six. The rare occasions they do bump into each other in the apartment in between work schedules Sam always pleads with Dean to just stay home.
The last time the alpha –
It must some sort of spell or something that’s making him act this way. Castiel tries to recall any spell or any type of magic hex that might make Dean act this way, but Dean is leaning forward pressing their foreheads together. Any thoughts scatter in his mind as Dean’s lips linger just a breath’s away from his.
It’s only then that Dean sees the alpha’s lip glistening with red. His ears start ringing, and even though Dean can see Castiel’s lips moving and his frantic expression, he can’t hear a word that’s being said. Slowly he brings up his hand, tipping his head to the side, and touches the side of his neck. Dean winces a little as his fingers touch his scent gland and brings his fingers up in front of his face.
They fight until Dean’s throat is hoarse with yelling and Castiel’s whole body is shaking. Dean tries to tell Cas he could give two shits about sex, all he cares about is being with him. In whatever way he can have him. Castiel refuses to believe him. Dean pleads with him while all the while trying to jog up any type of memory from the night before. Nothing – no person – comes into his mind. The last thing he remembers is one of his friends, Gordon he thinks, helping him outside and into his car to take him home.
He’s still Dean’s angel and Dean is still his Righteous Man, but without his grace those words seem to hold less meaning. Despite everything that’s happened, they still share a bond that no one with a human mind can fathom.
“You can,” Castiel’s low, steady voice rumbles. He applies just the slightest bit of pressure on his neck while his other hand runs through his hair. “You are the strongest person I know, Dean. You are choosing something that requires so much strength, but you are going to keep not only yourself, but so many others safe from him and all those other alphas.”
“Basically, you had your IPad at your desk. It was open, but the screen was timed out. Not that it matter, of course,” she mumbles. “Anyways, all I had to do was hack into – ”
“No,” Castiel says again. “You don’t understand. There’s something you don’t know. It’s —”
Castiel grits his teeth as he watches Dean pull out the Blade from behind him. The demon smiles, quickly raising it and bringing it down in one smooth motion. Castiel jumps back, the teeth of the Blade just barely missing him. Grabbing his hand, Castiel yanks it closer to him. He pulls on his grace, and slams his free elbow down on Dean’s wrist. Dean drops the Blade, snarling in pain. Castiel awkwardly kicks the Blade away from them, shoving Dean away in the process.
“It’s all just…”
Laying here, listening to Castiel’s footsteps move around the apartment settles something inside Dean. He can’t put his finger on it, but having Sam sleeping down the hall and, now, his alpha home, has him letting out a breath he really didn’t know he’d been holding. It’s more than just worrying about the both of them, but more primal. Like a piece inside him is reconnecting.
Cas’ warm, bloody hand cups his cheek and Dean leans into it as he brings up his own hand, resting it over Cas’, helping him hold it there. “I-I’m sorry. Sh-should’ve told you.”
“I need to see you. Can I see you? I need – fuck – I have to see you, please Dean,” Castiel’s breath comes out in pants and Dean’s hazed filled mind wonders what it would feel like with the alpha’s body over him, his deep voice vibrating against his skin as he says his name over and over again while pumping him full of –
By the end of the day Dean doesn’t thing he’s ever felt so sore or so tired before. He manages a half assed shower before promptly collapsing on his bed. When Dean’s alarm goes off the next morning he barely manages to hit it off before rolling over and letting his exhaustion take him back under.
Firstly, (before I get into the heavy stuff) I would like to remind everyone that my chapter titles are song titles. I would encourage you to find the song and listen to it while you read. It truly makes all the difference (in my opinion).
“Dean has a taste for blood, and will not stop killing.” Crowley states beside him.
like she’s hung the moon.
But the beta doesn’t even blink. He just gives him an easy smile, raising his hands in a sign of surrender. The action is enough that Dean relaxes slightly, but not enough that he puts his guard down.
Angling his body so Castiel can see what he’s doing on the phone, but there’s still holding some space between them, Dean punches in the lock code out of habit. It’s when he punches in the last number – they’re anniversary date – that he looks up at Cas, an apology ready on his lips.
“Okay, so you know how basically every electronic device is listening to everything we say pretty much twenty-four seven?”
He tries again to gather his words, to maybe ask what he’s wrong about-anything- but slowly Dean’s fingers spread across the back of his neck. Castiel doesn’t even fight his body leaning into the man’s palm. He struggles to fight back the urge to moan at how amazing it feels just to be
He hears Sam get up from the bed and begin digging through their bag of supplies. Cas let’s his eyes burn and begin to water with dryness from being open so long. It hardly seems punishment enough for all the weight of his most recent mistakes and failings clinging to him like a scorned lover. Still, his fingers twitch with the need to do something. Sam’s voice calling his name is enough to let out a breath he hasn’t realized he’s been holding and squeezes his eyes closed giving them the moisture they need. Castiel rises from the couch and walks to where Sam is busily throwing things out of one of his duffle bags. No matter how pointless and meaningless the task is he has to do something.
Comments and kudos give me a high, and keep me going! Let me know what your thoughts, comments, and concerns. Have an amazing day. ^_^
“Like a promise?” Dean asked, taking a tiny step closer.
like.”
Reapplying pressure to his side with both hands this time, Dean closes his eyes and leans his head back against the tree. He tries to just focus on his breathing while the gunshots become more and more distant. Huh. Kinda weird since he’s bleeding so heavily. Shouldn’t the vampires be on him by now? Or at least being driven into some sort of bloodlust?
They took turns worshiping and discovering each other’s bodies well into the night.
“You’re low on angel juice,” he groans, tipping his head back against the tree trying to catch his breath. “Tell that stubborn idiot he isn’t using his mojo on me, Sam. I’ll be fine.”
There’s a pause. A long pause. Charlie is either holding her breath, or has finally figured out how to breathe away from the phone because all he can hear is the murmuring of voices somewhere around her. Cas doesn’t even realizes he’s holding his own breath until he hears Charlie speaking again.
“The guy came into the garage as I was closing up. I caught his scent and it just kinda…” He opens his arms up and gestures frantically trying to figure out what to say. “It triggered another heat, I guess. I left my card with my number so he could call me to talk about his other tires, but by the time I called him back he was already in rut.” His hands fall to his sides and he slumps back into the chair. “It was just some random freak thing, okay? He was just surprised as I was, trust me.”
His tears spill out from his eyes as he gasps for air. Castiel’s chest aches, but he doesn’t want to focus on what could be the reason. Somewhere inside his mind, a small voice is telling him this is how his grace is cleansing him. Ridding him of everything that he endured while being human-making him worthy of being an angel again. Clean. Pure. Castiel grasps his sides, hugging himself tightly, trying to push the feeling away, as the ache flares inside him. It burns at his insides, reaching every possible part that makes up his vessel. Castiels vision whites out from the pain for a moment, and his ears begin to ring.
They decided to meet at a diner just at the edge of town. Dean could tell right when the witch stepped into the diner that he was the one. The closer Cas got to the booth, the more Dean had to focus on keeping his human form. By the time Cas stood in front of him, hand extended awkwardly like it was some sort of business meeting instead of a date, Dean was barely holding it together.
“Grab the bloody chain!” He hears Crowley yell just as Dean pushes up from the counter.
Something about that voice pulls at the part of Dean he’s been trying so very hard to stuff down. He’s been so very good at hiding that submissive, yearning for someone to take care of him, use to the loneliness, touch starved part of him. He’s been doing fine, hasn’t he? Everything has been fine. He’s survived this long, and damnit, he can fight this too.
He almost tells him.
“Sam,” he breathes out, finally feeling the beginning effects of the panic that’s been threatening to take him over. “I need to talk to Sam
“Dean!” Dean whips his head to the voice and sees a very disarrayed Sam standing in the doorway staring at him with wide eyes.
“ –dropped the charges,” Bobby’s gruff voice echoes in the room. Dean manages to look away from Cas. Maybe. He’s still not really convinced that he’s actually here. Bobby and one of the uniformed cops that held him off Gordon walks into the room.
“Or we can keep him out there, letting him slaughter hundreds,” the demon says shrugging his shoulders. “Since my suggestion of ridding ourselves of the problem altogether is off the table, I’d say this is all you have left. Your call.”
“What about that one from Memphis?” Castiel asks doing that whole nose scrunch, head tilting thing he does when he’s thinking about something too hard, or trying to remember something.
“Listen Sammy,” he says clearing his throat. “It’s been a shitty couple of days for both of us, alright? I’m still kinda off and not totally with it. Let’s just order some food and watch crap tv, yeah?”
“And the fucking motel key?! That in there, too?” Dean snarls, shooting a glare at Sam.
“Does this have a point,” he snaps. “Or are you purposely trying to drive me insane by not telling me what is going on with Dean?”
Taking in a deep breath trying to calm himself, Castiel squeezes his phone tightly. He lets his breath out in a long sigh, hoping it helps make him little less aggressive. “I apologize,” he says. Her hand pauses just shy of the edge of her desk. “I do not have an appointment, but it’s urgent. I’m an… old family friend. If you can just call him and give him my name, please. Castiel. Castiel Novak.”
His brother’s face appears and Dean blinks, realizing Sam is kneeling on the floor peering up at him with those sad, puppy dog eyes. “I need you to talk to me. It looks like rejection is starting to set in, and I need you to stay with me, okay?”
“He’s a guy!”
Dean slowly lays back down on the crinkly white paper, fidgeting with the edges of his shirt. “I told you I feel fine. Breathing hasn’t been short since –”
Holding out the phone to him, Dean flicks his eyes between it and Sam looking for some kind of confirmation that whatever he’s about ready to hear wont actually be that bad. His brothers hazel eyes aren’t as wide now, but almost pleading with Dean to just take the phone.
“No, no, no, Dean! You gotta listen to me! You have to fight this!” His brother yells, grabbing him by the shoulders and shaking him a bit. “Damnit, look at me!”
“He’s having a rough day and I just need to get him – ”
“Dean,” his ex exclaims startled. The urge to squirm under those blue eyes moving up and down his body is strong, but he manages to hold still. “You, uh, you look good. What has it been? Six months?”
“You stupid demon bitch!” Dean snarls into the phone. “Yeah, fine. I hear you.” He opens his eyes, meeting Castiel’s as if he’s known all along he was staring. “You know I’m going to kill you eventually, right? And I’m going to enjoy every damn minute of watching the light fade from your eyes.”
Flushing, Castiel ducks his head rubbing the back of his neck nervously. Charlie, a mutual friend of theirs, has mentioned a few times how intense their “eye fucking” is. Up until she brought it up a few months ago, he hadn’t really ever thought about it; definitely not considered it weird. It’s always just been something they’ve done. If anything, Castiel just chalked it up to Dean being patient with him.
“You better go,” he said, gently grabbing Dean’s little wrists and giving them a soft squeeze before standing up and letting them fall down to his sides.
“Whoa, whoa, whoa!” He interrupts,
shouldn’t hurt so much years after the fact.
“Cas.” It comes out a breathless plea, though he’s unsure what he’s asking.
Dean shivers as he shifts around clothes and old boxes of random things but sees nothing that could be used to defend himself from the alpha. Placing a hand on the wall for support, he makes his way to his door. He’ll just have to use a kitchen knife or something. His regular knife he carries around with him when he goes out is back in his car, and like hell if he’s stepping out of his apartment like this.
Squeezing his eyes shut tighter Dean tries to block out the two of them fighting, focusing on the live action movie starring him playing inside his head. He doesn’t wasn’t to stop just to start all over again. No, if he’s going to do this he doesn’t want to stop just to drag it out. Dean wants to get it over with and put this whole shit situation to rest.
How many times have they been down this road where just having a little bit of patience and more facts could’ve saved time and lives? Maybe he might be a little bit upset that neither Sam or Dean came to him for any thought on the matter. But then again, why would they? He’s nothing more than a burden to them now. He’s the reason they have to endanger themselves this time. The thought has Castiel’s stomach dropping. If anything happens it’s on him.
Dean wants to feel happy, maybe even some sort of relief, but all he feels inside beside that empty numbing feeling, is an ache. Is this what it’s going to feel like for the rest of his life? How do mated couples he’s seen walking around even fake it? Why doesn’t he remember feeling this after Cas bit him? You think that even with his heat, a feeling like this would kind of jog up some kind of memory. All he feels like doing is curling up in the hospital bed and going back to sleep.
Walking towards the door is nothing less than a journey. His sore body screams and protests the whole way, reminding him with every movement of exactly what happened. Of what Dean –
“We think it’s so the government – all the government – can control us. I guess no one really knows, but based on the information we have and how the virus was and is being handled, it’s only safe to say that’s why.” He says. “It weeded out the weak and old. Showed who had good genes with immunities against this type of thing among other things like strength. I mean all the alphas assholes you’ve been seeing on the news are only on their because all this is so new and no one has any idea what is going on with their body and how to even start controlling it. We think the scent thing is so alphas and omegas can find exactly who they are most compatible with to ensure the best and strongest offspring.”
Completely done and just flat out irritated at this whole new fucking life Dean seems to be falling deeper into every day, he nods. Life may not have been perfect before Castiel, but it was simple-ish. Better than this sudden drama filled never ending hole he’s tumbling down. Isn’t having a mate suppose to be easy? Or at least make things easier? It’s been, what? A few weeks? And it’s been absolutely nothing but near death experiences, hospital stays and mood swings that make him question who the fuck he really is.
Growing up he’d been what would be considered a normal, hormonal teenage. Maybe not so much as the other boys chasing around girls for dates in their teenage years, but he still woke up in the mornings needing to take care of himself. He had curiosity, of course. Everyone does around that age he would imagine. A few times during his late high school years he even managed to go out on a few dates.
“You know,” he says in a rough voice still strained from moments before. “I think I could get use to this.”
“There,” he pushes down on his stomach a little harder, moving slightly lower. “That’s your uterus.”
“What was that?” Castiel asks looking between the both of them.
*~*~*~*
He can’t even bring himself to say it. The simple idea of touching someone else, let alone being with them intimately has bile burning up his throat. Dean looks away, across the parking lot trying to ignore the stinging of his eyes thinking about how even if they can get things to work out, Cas is always going to carry around a certain lingering amount of doubt with him.
“Even with him being a cop, I’m telling you Benny would walk away from this probably
“He disappeared ages ago. Everyone thought him dead. I assumed so myself; at least hoped.” Crowley adjusts his suit jacket, eyes darting back and forth between the noise where Cain must be and Dean.
The light from his grace begins to dim as it bleeds back into his body as he folds back up his wings. He settles them behind him, letting them fade from human eyes . All his senses hum with energy, life, power. All of it swirls within him, filling him with everything he was, is, and always will be. He feels it all, dancing under the human flesh. The fog that has been gathering inside Castiel’s mind over the past months begins to lift. The millennia of knowledge that he has always had pieces itself together with perfect clarity.
They use to fight. But Castiel was too inexperienced and Dean was injected with so many different kinds of drugs that even his familiar metabolism couldn’t burn through quick enough to find clarity. The things they did to make both of them comply at first were horrific.
“Crowley told us there was another way to kill Abaddon, but he needed help finding it. Without even asking what it might be, Dean jumped head first and said he’d help fine whatever Crowley needed as long as your grace was exchanged for it.” Sam pauses, clenching his jaw as his eyes go distant. A habit of the brother’s that Castiel has picked up on when one of them is not being entirely truthful. “Dean didn’t even bother asking anything else, but said he’d do it. I tried stopping him and telling him we should wait until we could figure out more on exactly what we’re getting ourselves into.” He chews on his bottom lip a moment then shrugs.
“Okay, and? What does that mean?”
“No, I think I get it,” he says smoothing his wrinkled shirt as best as he can, though it’s not like it matters. He’s pretty sure everyone is going to know if they don’t already. “You needed something from me and I was more than willing to give it. Now you can spend the next ten months getting it up easily.”
“I’m here,” he says, just barely able to keep the wobble out of his voice.
“Hello Castiel.” Cain says, staring intently at him.
Castiel only lets himself meet his stare for maybe a second before some inhuman growl builds from inside his chest and he launches himself forward. Leaning over the seat, his injured body protests, but he ignores it and slams his fist into the side of Dean’s face. Dean’s head whips back against the drivers side window at the force of the impact as Castiel’s already broken hand screams in agony. Tears sting his eyes and he blinks them free as he advances again, clawing and hitting, just trying to rip Dean’s arms away that he’s brought up to shield himself.
“The alpha on scene radioed in you were showing signs of shock,” he replies patiently. Dean eyes the beta’s hand hovering still too close to his back for his liking. The thought of this guy touching him rubs Dean the wrong way, making the hair on the back of his neck start to rise.
His narrowed eyes flick over to Dean’s face, searching for something so intensely he can’t help but squirm in the seat. Needing something to do with his hands, Dean glances away from Cas’ stare to his coffee before reaching for the mug. He wraps both hands around it, just simply enjoying the warmth it’s still giving off before lifting it and taking a drink.
“You’re not real,” he says quietly, glancing around for a weapon.
“It hurt, okay? It hurt like nothing you could ever imagine,” Dean says tossing Cas’ shirt aside, focusing solely on his brother. “It wasn’t just what Benny did to me with his hands. It was fighting against his alpha voice and every damn instinct…” He shakes his head as he looks up at the ceiling searching for the right words. Benny’s hand around his neck isn’t what he remembers hurting. It’s pushing into his mating bite right on the scent gland. It was fighting against an alphas command when his very biological makeup screamed for him to just submit.
“What?” Dean asks, taking a step closer.
“Truly you live up to the talk about you, Dean Winchester. Brave…” A small smile splays across his face. “…but impulsive.” Cain turns away from all of them, walking back into his kitchen. “Should you survive, you are welcome to join me for one last drink before I disappear again.” Dean swears under his breath before turning back to the demons who are slowly circling them.
“Do it!” Sam hisses beside him.
“No one was stronger than Dean in that room, correct?” Crowley interrupts.
Dean laughs. He can’t help it. There are so many missing parts to this whole thing that Sam has filled him in on where Castiel has no idea of. It, again, just confirms how little they really talk and know each other.
“Through exorcism.” He scoffs. “He isn’t possessed.”
There’s a beat of silence before Cas replies, “You want me to come back tonight?”
“Take a deep breath,” Castiel whispers next to his ear, his breath tickling the hairs against his ear. “The pup will be fine.”
Whether or not he regretted it, it doesn’t matter now. It’s not like he could take back what he’d done or the words he spat out at the angel in anger. All he can do now is just deal with the consequences, wherever that may land him.
She barks out a laugh. “You? For him? You can’t be serious.”
Castiel tries to open his eyes again. He tries with every ounce of strength he has to open his eyes one last time, just so he can see-remember- the world as he always had. He yearns for that clarity, the pureness, that his grace had always given his sight.
“Please,” he says desperately, his hand grasping Dean’s wrist. “Don’t do this. I – I know once we’re back you’ll remember.”
If his dad had left him with any lesson it was the “How To” book on how not to become John Winchester.
“You word,” he scoffs. “Doesn’t mean much when there’s evidence of the contrary.”
Sam takes a step backwards, bumping into Castiel and making him stumble a few steps outside the door. “Dean, stop. We were getting close.” He raises his free hand that isn’t holding the blessed blood and takes another step backwards out of the room forcing Castiel to stumble back further back into the room as Dean continues walking towards them. “It just shows that this is working. We can save you!”
Knowing that Cas can grab anything along his way to kill him makes Dean want to decline. But his dick that’s been an increasing problem since the life gain doesn’t care about the risks. Hesitating for only a second, Dean finally nods in agreement and watches as Cas walks down the hallway before turning the corner to the stairs and disappearing.
He watches as Cas walks up to the cell door before giving him a small smile. Dean just stares back at him, too stunned to do anything else.
“Whoa there buddy! Where do you think you’re going?” Meg rushes forward placing a firm hand on his shoulder preventing him from getting off the bed.
“Cas?” He asks, reaching out a hand to touch his shoulder.
Didn’t he? Maybe Dean’s gone all this time trying to convince himself that he did the unthinkable but now when faced with the truth it’s hard to understand.
Crowley groans, running a hand over his face. “Of bloody course you did.”
Scrunching up his nose, Castiel somehow manages to lift his head, desperately trying to will the pain away. The demon is right. How long has it been? “You reek.”
Castiel shakes his head, biting his split and swollen lips welcoming the pain. It reminds him of all the pain he’s inflicting upon those he loves. He stares at the bloody towel still on the floor. A reminder of exactly how much control he has over any situation, especially this one. He knows his Righteous Man enough to know that Dean will do whatever it takes to save someone he cares for; whatever the cost, his life be damned or not. It is one of the amazing qualities he admires so much about him. He just never thought he’d be the cause of so much damage in his life. He is suppose to be the one person holding him together when the world threatens to destroy them.
The food Sammy had went out and gotten him lays uneaten beside him on the bed. How does his brother think he can possibly eat after everything? He lets his eyes travel over to where Castiel is passed out, laying awkwardly on the couch. Everything inside him screamed at him to get up and readjust Castiel to a more comfortable angel, but after what happened last time he refuses to even lay a finger on him. Instead, he draped a scratchy hotel blanket from his bed over him, hoping it’d be enough.
“Sir, with all due respect, I don’t think –”
“Look at me,” Sam says firmly. Slowly, even though it feels like his head weighs a hundred pounds, he lifts it to look at his brother. “He can still feel you. You know he can. He called you, remember?”
“I don’t understand,” Dean rasps out, rubbing his chest like it might bring everything inside him back to life. “I don’t feel anything.”
Castiel lifts his head, eyes focusing on nothing particular ahead of him. The yellowing wallpaper looks even more dingy the longer he stares, but he refuses to acknowledge Sam in any way. There isn’t a point. Castiel knows deep down all they can do is wait, but it’s the itch knowing that every single atom of his makeup isn’t use to him just simply waiting.
It might be his imagination, but as they pass the receptionist, Dean swears she gives Cas a nasty look. Sam leads them down a long sterile white hallway that kind of has him squinting his eyes at the brightness. Two nurses rush past them towards a room to their left where machines are beeping noisily. A door on their right has the sobs of some woman coming from it while the new lungs of a newborn pup try to drown her out.
“You’re so wet for me – so perfect. You smell…You smell divine,” Castiel says kissing anywhere but where Dean wants those lips. “Mm, I bet you taste as good as you smell.”
“There has to be a cure. There is always a cure.” Castiel pleads, feeling his hands unclench and fall weakly at his side.
“It felt like someone had a vice to the inside of my head and kept tightening it. Over and over,” he pants, looking past both of them at the wall and seeing nothing except everything for what happened. “I just wanted it to stop. I tried to get away from him, but I wasn’t – I couldn’t – ”
That little sliver of doubt has Dean starting to wonder if maybe Sam just wants him mated just to lift some of the burden and worry off own his shoulders. He knows he’s a mess. Given everything this fucking virus has thrown at him, he hasn’t made it easier on his brother. Technically genetics or whatever would have Sam thinking he’s above Dean, but…
“You can always tell me to stop if it’s too much,” he reminds him.
“After two years of nothing?” He snaps. “Zachariah could honestly give two shits about the people and more about the money.”
He hardly even notices Sam calmly pulling out his phone and typing something while he frantically looks up and down the street in hopes to catch any sign of his car.
It catches Cas off guard with how close Dean’s face is from his. Their noses brush and Castiel freezes. His breath hitches as he notices some of the misty rain has caught in Dean’s eyes lashes, somehow making his forest green eyes stand out even more. Dean seems to press into him more, or maybe he leans into him more, but either way Castiel finds himself caught in Dean’s orbit – almost like he’s seeing his friend he’s known for a decade for the first time – and never wants to leave again.
Because that’s just it. Gordon did deserved it.
“I might have an idea,” Castiel says walking towards the front door leaving Crowley staring at him with a raised eyebrow.
“You don’t?” Sam raises an eyebrow, crossing his arms. “Seriously?”
Gripping Cas’ shirt, Dean has to stop himself from shoving his nose in it for reassurance. Even if he may have been reluctant in the beginning, Castiel has been nothing but patient and the opposite of some knothead. He doesn’t have any doubt in his mind that his alpha is anything but good – especially after last night which would have been time for any other alpha to take advantage of him. Still, to hear that so many other alpha on omega crimes could be stopped so easily if a cop just would’ve cared a little more makes his stomach twist.
Castiel can practically see Dean putting back up the walls inside himself as his face grows colder, his body stance more rigid. Castiel screams inside his head at his body, yelling at it that Dean would never hurt him. That he isn’t afraid of Dean! His body and mind ignore him, refusing to relax in the slightest.
“Cas, please. I can’t…I can’t do this without you. I’m sorry. I – ” Dean grips Cas’ hand tighter, bends forward, resting his forehead against Castiel’s. There are a hundred words swirling around his mind, each one of them incoherent versions of some sort of apology that wont matter in less than a few minutes.
to drive you there because, again, your body hasn’t recovered just yet. Not because you can’t, but because it’s either me or them.”
“You’re standing there with proof that someone else had their lips on you!”
“I’m going to go for a walk,” his says in a gravelly voice and fuck if that doesn’t go straight to Dean’s dick. The man takes a few steps back, eyes never leaving Dean. “Keys are in the car, just please, if you can fix my tire so I can get back on the road that would be great. If not, just lock up and I’ll be back and figure it out. I need to…” He waves his hand to the side, stumbling backwards.
“I’m sorry,” the alpha mumbles pulling Dean tightly against him, “I’m so sorry. I know what I needed to do, but he called you
. For forty years he was in hell. Alastair had done more things to him than he could’ve ever thought imaginable. That dream had been tame compared to most of the shit he went through.
Castiel ignores the heated glare, grabbing Dean by his jacket. His hand screams at him, pinpricks of pain shooting all the way up his arm, but he refuses to give in. “I am not some pathetic thing you can keep tucked away when
“I’m so fucking stupid.”
“Pleasure is giving yourself over to any and all urges, and just…” Castiel gasps a short breath as he feels a sharp pain from Dean’s teeth sinking his earlobe. The man sucks on it for a moment, and then licks along the outer edge to the tip. “Letting yourself go.”
“Are you a cat?” He asked with a grin. “I’ve always wanted a cat.”
By week two, the case is solved and Charlie (somewhat reluctantly) lets Dean go out to the bar to celebrate with his coworkers. As much as Dean wants to ask everyone what happened that night he lost Cas, he doesn’t want to bring down the mood. He sticks to beer, avoiding any hard liquor, and puts on a smile for his friends. Towards the end of the night a girl that’s been eyeing him from across the bar approaches, asking him to come home with her.
to have the contact between them.
He looks around the bedroom wondering where Sam might have put the clothes. All the times he used the wobbly dresser in the corner, he had never seen his vessels clothes. Castiel’s eyes rest on the closet he’s never bothered to open. He walks towards it, pulling it open with an ear splitting screech. At first glance it appears empty. Dust dances around, caught on the first current of air flow in who knows how long. Castiel is about to close the door, when he sees something in the back corner of the top shelf. He reaches up, grabbing at the lump of clothing and pulling it down.
Dean looks at his hand resting lightly overtop of his waiting for the feeling of wrong to hit. Swallowing thickly, Dean tries to mouth out the question, but he can’t seem to get any words out.
As he speeds up to make the first green light, it suddenly hits him so hard to what he’s been missing that he gasps, the car swerving.
Digging in his pocket for his phone he pulls it out and swipes to answer. “Sammy, now’s not a good time – ”
Turning around, Dean walks  towards the door, yanking it open with more force than necessary. He’s aware there are eyes staring at him, but he doesn’t care. Storming past the faceless crowd that he swears are stepping back to make a path, Dean makes it to the exit far more quickly than he thought he would. Pushing the door open, he pretends like he doesn’t hear Castiel’s voice behind him, yelling out his name.
“‘Cuse me?” Benny says, narrowing his eyes.
Doing just that, Dean sees a highway marker, and parks the Impala far enough over next to it. Letting out a sigh, he twists in his seat, turning to face Castiel.
Looking back at Sam Dean tightens his. Crowley didn’t stop by the bar to shoot the shit. It’s fuzzy, but he knows Crowley was asking him something. His hunting senses are telling him that it has to do with Castiel’s grace, and that’s enough for him to go on.
“We need to get out of here, Dean,” Sam says firm but softly. “He...or they, know where we are. We need to get out of here and Cas somewhere safe.”
Benny grabs his head and shakes. “I, uh, I don’t know brotha’. I was just coming out of the office and I got the whiff of somethin’ and the next thing I know –”
Slowly, as if time is suddenly on their side, Dean turns his head to him, blinking open his eyes. Castiel hears his own breathing hitch as he stares back into Dean’s beautiful, moss colored eyes still speckled with gold flakes that he’s memorized a hundred times over, but still never becomes anything less than beautiful.
“Do you remember?” He asks.
Dean tries to clear his throat, but it only comes out a rough cough. He takes in a slow breath trying to calm down the urge to climb back into his car and find the dead man who did this to him. Letting out the breath he lets his eyes wander over the rest of Castiel, assessing anything he might’ve missed.
“I say we cut off his arm with the Mark and throw it into the ocean,” Crowley huffs as Castiel turns around as Crowley sticks his hands in his suit jacket pocket, rolling his eyes.
“Sam,” Castiel says. “I need to get Dean’s statement and send it in. Benny is in custody, but to hold him I’m going to need to hear what Dean says.”
“When you heard him say we needed Cain to help figure out a cure for Dean, it would’ve been nice to know he is back to killing again!” Sam yells. “What the hell are we going to do now?”
Cas stares straight ahead into the mirror looking back at Sam who lets him go slowly, running a hand through his messy hair. He wants to agree or acknowledge Sam in some way, but his mouth doesn’t want to seem to work. Logically he knows what Sam is saying, and knows exactly what the truth is. Still, he mind or body doesn’t seem to care about logics or anything else. He doesn’t even feel angry about it, or anything. He doesn’t really feel anything at all.
Taking in a deep, shaky breath, Dean lets it out slowly. He repeats it a few times until the thumping begins to settle slightly and the ringing in his ears fades into nothing. A low murmur of Sam’s voice saying his name is what he hears first. He turns to see Sam looking at him with the phone still pressed to his ear.
Now that the everything is finally starting to feel real, Dean is hyper aware that Cas is literally standing right beside him. He doesn’t know if it’s on purpose or not, maybe it’s just the way they’ve always seemed to just be in each others orbit without even trying, but their arms keep brushing together as they walk. Having Castiel in such a close proximity to him after weeks of nothing but terrible silence is kind of distracting. There are so many questions sitting on the tip of his tongue, but the middle of the parking lot probably isn’t the best place to ask them. Dean isn’t quite sure he trusts his voice, yet, either.
“Break a mating bond.” He feels his eyes go wide as he stares at his mate who’s head is tilted to the radio, but his eyes stare back at him, confused and hurt.
“You are the Blade. You power it. You heard Cain, without you, it’s useless. How can I trust you to use it on that worthless slut if I give you back your boyfriend’s wings, hm?” Crowley’s face falls back into his usual smug smirk. “It’s called leverage, darling.”
“All checked in. Room eight,” Sam says holding up two keys.
Two weeks after the break up, Cas was asked back down to Argentina to help verify another bone uncovered. The usual excitement he typically feels during the trip was almost nonexistent. At night, after the other archeologists and workers have called it a day, Castiel sits in his humid room, staring at the dark IPad screen.
Castiel opens his mouth, and closes it again. He knows he already knows the answer, but something inside him needs to hear it out loud. “Of everyone?”
“Seriously, how do you feel?” Sam asks again, sitting on the edge of the bed.
Right where the shirt meets Castiel’s neck is a bite mark deep enough that the hem of the shirt is stained with his blood. Dean leans over closer, inspecting the mark to see if it belongs to a vampire or some other creature known for enjoying human flesh, but it looks simply like a humans mouth.
Changes happen slowly. Almost so slowly no one really notices at first. Police officers that usually came in to get their patrol cars tuned up that Dean has known all his life suddenly are gone, replaced by smirking douche bags who gave him a rough time. One day the newspaper that gets dropped off in to the shop for waiting customers to read, announces in big bold letters about two new judges in their town. It doesn’t mention what happened to the previous ones.
For a moment, he sees everything as he had before, back when he had his grace. He sees every fiber that creates the monstrosity of the carpet. He sees dust particles explode into bright starbursts dancing, spinning, and twirling past his vision. He watches as the free-floating dead skin cells fall onto the fibers of the carpet, colliding together almost like an explosion.
“I don’t know, Dean!” Sam snaps. Dean watches him run a hand through his hair and huff out a sigh in frustration. “I think we left the motel maybe an hour, hour and a half ago. Everything kind of took longer because that waitress didn’t actually put in our order, so we waited around for nothing until someone else realized we hadn’t been helped and we reordered everything.”
“I learned from a friend a few tricks on how to help control you types. Pathetic omegas that think they still have rights. Did you know that by grabbing an omega by the neck and applying pressure right here,” he pushes in on the spot again and Dean gasps as the urge to submit is so strong his arms give out from under him. “You can basically get them to do anything you want? Kind of like picking a dog up by their scruff, you are the one in control.”
“Looking for you?” Dean snorts. “I didn’t even know you existed.”
Sam nods, looking at him with eyes full of something Dean feels too raw and burnt out to try to figure out the meaning. Instead, he turns and lets himself out of the office and follows the signs to the elevator. Simply letting himself move in some fogged autopilot until he finds himself in the parking lot unlocking his car and slipping down into the comfort of the leather seats with a sigh. He gives himself a moment of peace to just simply breathe, trying to not letting himself think about anything before he leans forward and starts the engine.
“May I heal you?” Castiel asks tentatively moving his fingers over the area.
just a little bit more. You’re right on the edge, feeling it building…” Castiel lets his eyes fall shut as Dean runs his hand through the back of his hair, his fingernails scrapping his over his scalp softly. Somewhere inside his head he is screaming that this is wrong, everything about it is wrong.
Dean smirks up at him, trying to ignore the way he can feel every shift in Cas’ body against him. “Your buddies upstairs think I’m going to lead you down the sinner’s path, hm?” Licking his lips, Dean’s eyes flicker down to his angel’s lips before back up to his eyes.
“For the love of – ”
“Are we really going to have a repeat of our last conversation?” Dean crosses his arms, an amused smile pulling at his lips. “You don’t know what I’ve done. Who I am now.”
“Order!” The judge yelled, slamming the palm of his hand down on the wooden arm of his chair. The thunderous bang made Dean flinch in his seat. “I want order right now or I’ll hold you all in contempt!”
“Oh no! I’m so sorry!” The waitress exclaims frantically falling to the ground to start picking up the glass. “I wasn’t watching where I was going!”
“Let. Him. Go.” The simple three words are laced with so much alpha dominance that Dean feels Benny’s fingers begin to shake before he lets him go.
“And I’m okay with it. Hell, I welcome it!” He spreads his arms and turns around slowly taking in the vast nothingness. His forever eternity. When he faces the man again, he lowers his arms, letting his fake smile fall with it.  “You wanna know why, though? The real reason. It’s because I can finally fucking
, his mind whispers. Dean brushes it away and as gently as he can grabs ahold of Castiel’s shoulders to turn him. Relief floods him as he feels his fevered heat radiating from him, and lets out a relieved breath.
Dean takes another slow sip, really looking at his brother. Saying he looks like hell might be an actual compliment at this point. By the amount of grease clinging to Sammy’s hair and how it’s lost that flowing effect, it doesn’t look like he’s washed his hair in a long time. The scruff has grown enough that it looks like Sam is trying to grow a beard, and his clothes are so winkled Dean wonders how he isn’t smelling the kid, beta or not.
Dean’s forehead scrunches up in confusion. He may not be the smartest, but he’s able to add up the numbers pretty quickly.
A hand comes into his view and Dean, startles, flinching away from it, almost expecting it to reach behind him and grab his neck. He glances up at the body attached to the outstretched hand, and instant relief washes over him. Despite the intense scent Castiel is giving off, Dean swears he’s never felt so safe in his whole life.
When Cas asked him to stop, he did.
“You’re a faerie?” Dean had asked, touching the tip of his ear and dragging his finger down it.
And that, Dean decides, has to be enough.
“Given the symptoms you told me about over the last few days, yeah,” he rolls over to the computer on the desk and nudges the screen awake. Sam scans his badge and after a few clicks he brings up a page and scrolls through it, only pausing a little here or there to read something.
“Yes,” Castiel says nodding. “Exactly. Any angel that has taken a vessel, no matter how brief, always leaves behind some sort of…fingerprint, of sorts, behind.”
“I don’t fucking understand! Who the hell could’ve swiped the car keys
Twisting back to the side to glare towards his mate, Dean snaps, “I know we haven’t really known each other the longest, and definitely not in the best of situations, but I’m not one of those people that just lays their feelings out there, okay? I’m more of a fake-it-till-you-make-it type of person.”
His mind whites out for a moment and all he can hear is the echoing of his own screams inside his mind. It’s obvious why his throat burns, but it’s been years, so why now? After all this time, why would memories of hell haunt him now? Even though it felt real – like he was back on the rack, back with Alastair – it isn’t real. Not anymore. It’s just bad dreams. Alastair is dead. He’s been dead for years, and there’s no way he can ever come back.
But then he met Dean.
Their eyes find each other as Castiel takes one last step up to Dean. “Listen Cas. I don’t know what you think – ”
Looking up at him with soft, yet determined eyes, Charlie gives him a small smile. “I was here with you when you fell apart. I’ve been there when Dean fell apart. You two love each other, and I know Dean’s never been the type of person to do something like this. If he’s unhappy he just leaves. But Cas,” she says taking a step closer. “He was never unhappy. You two just have this…spark, or something. It’s what most of us look for when out there in the dating world. You guys are the thing people talk about when they talk about faerie tales.”
He gives him a little wave, and what he hopes, is some sort of comforting smile to let Cas know that everything’s okay. But inside his heart is beating so hard it feels like it’s about to fricken explode, and Cas, thankfully, just looks slightly dazed instead of pissed. Dean’s mind is whirling, thoughts everywhere. Did that just happen?! Did he really just kiss his best friend, the guy he’s been pining for since forever? Did he really lose himself in the moment so much that it almost fucked up their friendship?
Castiel tilts his head and stares up at Dean, shifting just a bit closer. Dean can feel the heat radiating off of him and all he wants to do is lean in and soak it all up. “Are you feeling okay?”
“Spit it out. I have no patience for you. You’re lucky I don’t come over there and rip your-“
“You two gunna need a moment to sit here makin’ eyes at each other,” Bobby grumbles without any real heat. “Or can we explain this so I can get outta here ‘fore Ellen comes in here huntin’ me down for bein’ late.”
Sam’s eyes narrow. “The Mark? The Mark of Cain?” Castiel only glares at Sam in return. He watches realization pass over the young brother’s face before turning into a look of shocked understanding. “Dean would have to…”
As he catches himself staring at Cas again, he ducks his head, ears burning as he wonders for the thousandth time if maybe Cas feels something for him too. Sometimes Dean thinks he might, maybe, but then there are times when he says something or does something that throws the thought right back out the window. Back in their college days Dean actually wondered if Cas might be asexual, not that it would ever be an issue, of course. He’s never seen the guy hook up with anyone. Even now, Castiel claims he’s too busy with work to have time for a relationship.
Finally, after both of them just can’t bring themselves to yell at each other anymore, they stand there quietly, looking everywhere but one another. Dean feels too wrung out and raw from everything between yesterday and now. Everything inside him is begging him to just close the space between them and pull Castiel into his chest where he fits and belongs so perfectly.
“I don’t have it all,” he gives Castiel a sympathetic look. “And neither do you, by the looks of it.”
Even though his instincts are taking over in some kind of omega autopilot, Dean knows even if they weren’t he would still be leaning over like he is now, and reaching across the space between them. He lets his outstretched hand touch Castiel’s face gently, brushing a thumb over a tear running down his cheek. His mate stiffens at the touch like he wants to pull away, and if anything, looks more broken now that Dean’s touching him.
“I don’t know what the fuck I’m doing! I could kill you! Hell Cas, I am killing you by taking out your grace!”
Castiel sucks in a sharp breath, standing up a bit straighter. He has no clue what he expected to hear, but this-what Cain was admitting-was not it.
Dean can feel the blood slick between his fingers, and knows before he looks down it’s not going to be pretty. Setting down his gun beside him, Dean fumbles for his phone in his pocket. The angle and only having one hand make it difficult, but manages to dig it out fairly quickly and swipes the screen on to give him a little bit of light. His breath hitches as he moves his hand away from his wound, groaning as he lifts his shirt to inspect the damage.
