"God," Tony says, softly. He's shaking his head, but in disbelief. "Can you believe that didn't even occur to me? What kind of a genius am I?"
to," Steve repeats. "I want you to, okay?"
If Tony watched this, Tony probably wasn't ever going to speak to him again. This went well beyond the ordinary problem of disliking a friend's boyfriend. But if there was anything Steve could do to stop Tony from being hurt again, he had to try.
Tony definitely didn't put all these people on his guest lists. But Steve supposed Tiberius Stone was an entirely different man from Tony. The thought was disquieting. How could Tony be friends with someone who liked to pal around with supervillains?
The years of practice were the only thing keeping Steve's face impassive. "Well, ma'am, I'd say that Iron Man had absolutely nothing to do with it. The very possibility is ridiculous."
Therefore, he was going to have to ask either Dane or Monica if the box belonged to them. And, since Dane actually did have a legitimate, non-kinky reason to have a crop around, asking him was, Tony realized, definitely going to be the easier option. All he had to do was show up at the hospital for visiting hours tomorrow. That'd be a nice thing to do anyway. He could see Jarvis first, maybe, then go see Dane. Bring them both some flowers. He could sit at Dane's bedside and say, ever so casually:
Stunned into silence, into inaction, Steve's hands freeze. He didn't know. He never suspected. He'd never wanted to pry. He just assumed it was another one of those things Iron Man was private about, a way to disguise his identity, but the armor is keeping him
Imploring, Steve holds out his hands. "You don't have to tell me why you need the money. It doesn't matter to me what you need it for. I'm not going to judge you or ask for an accounting of how you spend it. And I wouldn't ask you to repay me. It would just... be a gift. You can just have it. All you have to do is say yes."
Tony pulled him close, holding him until he stopped shaking, heedless of the mess, and then kissed him.
Tony actually looked offended at that, like he was the only one here who was allowed to doubt himself and he'd fight anyone who disparaged Steve, even if it was Steve.
Steve took a breath. "I want to go home with you, to our home. I want to walk down the hallway holding your hand. I want to spend the night in your room and not have to leave before anyone sees me. I want to know what it's like to wake up in your bed in the morning. Every morning. I want to sit next to you at dinner. I want to kiss you hello. I want to bring you coffee. I want to wash your hair for you. I want to call you pet names. I want to cuddle with you on the couch while I'm doing my paperwork, just knowing that you're right there and I'm touching you. I want to go out for brunch, like you offered. I want a picture of us on the corkboard in your workshop. I want to dance with you, proper dancing. I want our friends to congratulate us. I want the team to expect to find us in the same room when they go looking for one of us. If we get new recuits, I want them to hear about us the same way they'd hear about anyone else. I want to be able to talk about you, and I want to do it without lying, without pretending that we're only friends, without having to hide away every part of my life that has you in it. Because you're the best part of my life." Dizzy, he stopped, gulping air. "That's what I want. I don't know how much of it I can have, but that's what I want."
"Good?" Tony asked.
"It doesn't?"
He rubbed at the back of Tony's hand while he thought of what to say, until Tony's grip on his fingers loosened just a little, until Tony's breathing evened out ever so slightly.
Tony's eyes had gone dark with desire. "Oh, don't you dare apologize. That's perfect. You can absolutely do that."
, specifically. "You know what I like to hear."
Wrapped around Steve's side, Iron Man's fingers tighten for a second, and then his grip relaxes as he gently strokes up and down Steve's ribs. It would be easy to fall asleep like this. But he shouldn't.
?" He wants to, and Iron Man sounds like he's at least interested. Steve doesn't understand what's going on here.
"Well, I can," Carol said. "And Thor definitely can. I wish you could have told us to bring crutches but I guess the emergency beacon isn't that specific."
"I have a lot of practice seeming otherwise." Iron Man's voice is distant. "Also there's the part where I'm wearing a full-face mask. It's actually a lot easier to be Iron Man. Less to pretend." His eyes fall shut again behind the mask. "I wish... I wish I got to keep you. But I know I won't."
Steve had no idea what was happening. Even if Tiberius had an explanation, nothing about the situation was
"Sadly, yes." Jan said. "Time comes for us all. Except maybe you, Cap. I think you've hardly aged." She grinned. "Wish I knew your secret."
This was going to be good. It already was.
Shame coursed through Steve, hot and tight and unbearable, coiling around his limbs and pulling him down, rooting him to where he stood. Shame was a bright spotlight that beat down on him, scorching him, flaying him open and leaving him there. His gut twisted with something else, some other emotion, something ugly and dark, a sickening stew of anger and jealousy and betrayal, something hollow and rotten.
"Okay," Tony said. "So, the way I see it, I've pretty much got to dispense with the secret identity at this point, don't I?" He said it so casually, as if it weren't one of the most important things about him. He'd kept it for a damn decade until Steve had ruined it all with a kiss.
He'd paused.
, apparently.
Before Steve can ask another question, the lights dim.
That got Tony to turn around. He met Steve's gaze levelly. "I want to," he said, simply. "You've fussed over me every single time I've done whatever awful thing I've done to myself for the entire time I've known you. Now it's my turn. Let me take care of you for a change, okay?"
"The way Beast explained it to me once," Steve said, knowing everything was riding on this, "was that you might think you can read, but the parts of your brain that are actually responsible for reading aren't awake enough while you're asleep for you to actually read anything. Anything you think you can read is either a vague impression of ideas or something you've memorized. Or it's total nonsense if you try reading it."
didn't believe it. It sounded like something Tony was perfectly capable of believing, actually. So Steve couldn't do it. He couldn't come out. He didn't know how.
The screen behind Tiberius changed; now it was outer space, with spaceships and a big space station, shaped like a planet. Some of the ships were shooting lasers. They weren't real spaceships, though. Steve would have recognized at least Kree or Skrull spacecraft, so this had to be fiction. It was one of those Star things Tony liked, wasn't it? Star Trek? No, no, the other one.
It was a lot to take in.
"No, that's not the problem," Tony said. He sighed again. He still looked worried. "You're not pushing me. It's just-- I can do better by you than this. This can't be how you ever pictured this happening. Come on. You only get one first time. I can treat you right."
with him, Steve. Maybe you saw that in him. I wish I'd seen it. I didn't understand. But there's something wrong inside him."
He can't possibly ask Iron Man if he's sure. That would be insulting.
Steve tried it. "Uh-huh."
Tony laughed against Steve's collarbone; the sound had a knife-edge of hysteria. His hand, gripping Steve's shoulder, was white-knuckled. "I'm sorry," he said, desperately. "I'm so sorry, Steve, I was wrong and I'm so, so sorry--"
"Not a picnic," Steve says. "And, sorry to disappoint you, but not shirtless either." He pulls another blanket up over his own shoulders, sets two more aside for Tony. "You need to stay warm, Shellhead. C'mere."
"You said other people touched it without anything happening."
"Anyhow, Hank says to tell you that he thinks the Chitauri and their semi-organic tech are silicon-based, or he would think that if it were possible for silicon-based organic compounds to exist in Earth temperature ranges."
"May I know your name?" Betty asked.
Steve said nothing, because Tony was right and they both knew it.
"Particularly after Steve and Bruce. You need allies, Tony."
It had felt like waking up from the ice. Again. Only this time with someone he knew there to greet him.
It turned out to be easy, again using Extremis, to isolate those labs being used by SHIELD. Then, this time using the personnel department (one overworked clerk who doubled as the building manager and a small PC) plus the internal network directory, it was just as simple to trace Dr Paula Morganti and her small, high-powered team to a particular building.
Danvers nodded. "So, let's make it clear, you're defying a legitimate order from an authorised Air Force officer on an Air Force base."
He was relieved when they landed neatly on the Tower's helicopter pad but that feeling vanished when he saw Maria Hill waiting for them, a slight smile on her face.
"Loki is imprisoned in Asgard," Thor said, his voice calm and level. "Nor would whoever lent him that army try the same tactics after such a defeat, even if they had access to the Tesseract. Which they do not. And it is as well they do not. We have enemies enough on Midgard."
"Steve. Steve, c'mon, babe, wake up."
"In that case, let's go somewhere private." Iron Man grabbed Hill around her waist and shot skywards.
Which had apparently been used again today.
"Maybe whatever you saw passed over here," Tony suggested. "Should we get Jarvis to try to locate it?"
"An extraordinary woman. I don't suppose
"I didn't even know he was a widower," Tony had replied, surreptitiously rubbing his ankle.
"Tony, catch!"
"I can get down there unnoticed, no problem," Jan said, reading Tony's thoughts with the ease of someone who'd known him longer than anyone now living.
"Sir. Sir. Please wake up."
"A few bad apples doesn't mean either the government or the Pentagon is all rotten," Tony said, in an obvious attempt to comfort him.
his instinct answered.
Steve tightened his grip. "Tony? You've heard of them?"
"Nah, just Steve being clumsy," Tony said.
"Shock and awe tactics," Jan said. "That worked so well in Iraq and Afghanistan – not."
"It is a pleasure to meet you, Mr Rogers." N'kendi actually sounded sincere as he shook Steve's hand.
He needed to take out every single one of them before he flew through the portal and was well on his way to achieving that when the newly-arrived woman managed to snatch out her gun as she dived for cover.
"I didn't—" Steve started to protest, pushed onto the defensive. He caught himself in mid sentence, aware that he was facing off against Tony in the way he had promised himself he never would again.
Tony dropped the clothes and raced for the bathroom.
He didn't know if Steve felt the same way, because Steve wasn't talking and Tony was too scared of losing him to push. Particularly if he shared the feeling that, however close they became, however wonderful the sex, there was something they couldn't quite reach, something that was missing...
was what Tony thought. What he said was, "Well, according to you, you haven't been in my bed recently either, so it's hardly your business, is it?"
He said: "Cap obviously wasn't brain dead, despite Hill's claim. So why didn't SHIELD wake him up? They must have been keeping him unconscious. Why?"
Thor grinned, and loosed the hammer and Tony in a single motion. Steadying himself on his repulsors, Tony sent a missile following Mjolnir.
He dived down into it, twisting onto his side so the orientation was less disturbing. The blueprints, scanned from his Dad's construction files, laid out his path.
"Colonel, might I remind you that you are not in command of either this base or this mission," Fury snapped, all pretence at protocol gone. "SHIELD has been given overall command by the President—"
"At once, Captain." And that was new, that Jarvis would defer to him about Tony's security.
He pushed himself away from the wall.
"His priorities include all that lives in this land," Okoye replied seriously.
"The Chitauri? Loki?" Barton's voice was tense, his hands clasped tight on his lap, as if he was trying to physically stop himself reaching for his bow.
If Captain America had really come back to himself, he might already be ashore. But the last time Tony had seen him, drawn to the lab by morbid curiosity, he had floated naked in the tank, unmoving, eyes closed, all his hair removed – though apparently the serum caused problems with that – attached to the life-support machines by a series of tubes that ventilated him, fed him, and removed bodily waste. The machines that measured his metabolism actually showed more animation, if not much.
Tony waved that aside as irrelevant. It was time to close the trap. "Most importantly, though, you were the only person who could have told anyone I would be in Seattle last week. SHIELD was there. So was a gamma-ray monster."
Moments later, he was in the air, jetting North East, just above the tallest of the skyscrapers, Long Island Sound glinting away to his right.
"Pepper resigned from the company as well?" Bruce exclaimed. "You didn't tell me that, Steve."
specialising in karate and kendo, and passing much of the practice he learned on to Tony and Happy. Their instructor in close combat, who had trained Marines, police and film stunt men, immediately recognised the moves that Steve had learned in a hurried week's training in England in 1942 (arranged by Peggy) as being Fairbairn-Sykes methods. His response had been, "Holy shit, you
"You just pointed out that Rhodes has crossed some of those lines before, and Tony forgave him. He doesn't give up on people he loves."
"Fine. Is that the left side when we're looking at the bed and or when we're lying on it?" Steve was moving them both towards the stairs as he spoke. "Can you get undressed by yourself? Or do you want me to help?"
"Do that again," Natasha warned her, "and I'll make you regret it."
He held Tony's eyes, staying completely quiet, unaggressive.
"You can reassure your boss that I'm happy with the present arrangement and that I'm not in need of cash."
"Must be Jarvis. No one else even knows the connection exists, let alone where we are."
"Weather's not so good. Looks like a storm coming in from the Pacific," Tony said. Then, into the silence: "Clint?"
Tony stepped out of the armour. He looked tired and his clothing – dark slacks and T-shirt with a logo Steve did not recognise – was heavily creased. Overwhelmed by protectiveness, Steve drew him into a hug, burying his face in his hair. "Does this place have a bed?" he asked. "Because I think you need sleep more than a shower."
"Asgardian? I know you were calling the guy with the hammer 'Thor' but—"
To Tony's ears he had been silent, but White Wolf whirled, snatching the gun from its holster. By then though, Steve was on him, smashing the gun aside and sending it flying over the edge of the walkway. Tony dived after it.
–  were huddled behind the receptionists' desk. If Jarvis dropped the shields they would all be perfectly safe, but it would leave the visiting civilians exposed and alert the intruders to his resources, which was the last thing he wanted to do right now.
"Charlotte Olympia – and I'm waiting to hear about this miracle. You haven't promised me one of those since ... oh, about midnight last night."
While annoyed at Jarvis's sudden and inexplicable silence in the latter stages of his journey, Steve followed the smell of chlorine and arrived on the terrace beside the swimming pool without mishap.
Tony.
Absently, he reached down to stroke Steve's hair. Having his lover's heavy weight and warmth coiled against his side was distracting, but not as distracting as it would have been if he had been out of Tony's sight.
Steve was unmoving, half hidden under the live oak. Tony could only hope he would be okay. Meanwhile, his more immediate problem remained: War Machine, which had landed beside the remains of the Ferrari, no doubt to make sure that its occupants were dead.
"Drink." Thor put a glass into his hands.
"Well, Jay, would ya look at that. Here we go! Hang tight, Jan."
"Bathroom's through there." Tony gave him a gentle shove in the right direction and Steve went meekly enough, if a little unsteadily.
"Do not try to pretend when I can see the bond between you as clear as if it was in the Eye of Agamotto. That is so rare among humans that I would have said it was unheard of, certainly in this strength. You read each other's emotions, each other's thoughts, don't you?"
"Asgard," Steve said, deadpan. "Got Heimdall's number?"
But he'd had Pepper and Rhodey, then, and Coulson and Happy and Natasha to help.
"Hell!" Tony looked wildly about him. "The Infinity Stones – some people – Avengers – must have been carrying them here!"
Tony pulled to a stop beside her and lowered the window. "Hi, Lori."
"Jarvis," he said. "What's the weather forecast? Are we in for a storm?"
"She what? Why didn't you tell me that before, Jarvis? She might have compromised your integrity."
"We'll sort that out later. Meanwhile, let's get out of here." He was offered a metal covered arm, which locked around his waist and he was lifted up into a darkening sky, as clouds swept in to cover the stars and the sliver of moon.
"Wait, wait," he said, as Bruce tugged at his arm
"It's still following," Storm reported. "Gaining on us. Damn fast, considering this plane gets as near as dammit it to Mach 1. D'you suppose it's gonna project another portal?"
Leaving Steve and Tony hidden in the bush, T'Challa walked boldly up the steps to the doorway and rapped on it with his fist. An old man carrying a huge, spike-headed club emerged, speaking sharply in Wakandan – then he halted abruptly, and made a one-handed gesture which became an almost-bow. T'Challa waved Tony and Steve to join him, and, moments later, they were ushered urgently through the door.
Tony wondered what it said about him that he still remembered that.
Steve takes a deep breath. He doesn't know why Mr. Stark is doing this, but he's not going to let it get to him.
Steve didn't know if anyone else would have been able to tell, but Tony had left the bedroom door open and Steve's hearing was very, very good. Every couple of minutes, Tony sighed noisily, and the covers rustled as he turned over again, obviously trying to get comfortable. His breathing hadn't yet slowed into the rhythms of sleep.
Steve ran past them.
On Sunday evening, he was sitting in the front parlor, laptop open on the side table next to him, graphics tablet balanced in his lap. The dictation program had been great, but it had been hard to talk his way through tactical diagrams. He needed his hands for those. He was glad he had both his hands again.
An insult. He was proud of himself for thinking of that. That was a good, solid insult.
Okay. He can figure this out. Octothorp. What does Tony mean by it? It's the safeword they've used when Tony needs to get out of bondage immediately. When he doesn't want to be touched by anything constricting. But no one's currently touching Tony. Steve's definitely not touching Tony.
Thankfully, Iron Man doesn't seem to have picked up on it; his voice, even through the filters, is thin and nervous. "So this is the part where I was hoping you wouldn't laugh at me."
, and I-- I know Iron Man's not a robot, of course I know he isn't, but I thought maybe there would be some similarities -- but the internet only told me about research grant proposals for robotics labs, and that wasn't what I wanted to know at all."
But to his surprise, Tony nods. "I can do it," he says, and there are echoes of his usual determination in his tone. "You can go get ready." And then he falters. "Just-- could you keep talking? If you want?"
That's when Steve's shield hits Ghost's hands from behind.
"I, uh," Tony said, looking stricken. "I'm sorry I can't say the same."
And then Iron Man pulls away, and Steve's hands fall through empty air. Steve nearly opens his eyes but remembers just in time. He hears another hissing click. That's probably the helmet.
"Not a chance," Steve spits out, and he opens his hand and lets the drive fall away.
The production team had sent Steve some sample questions last night. With all the excitement, he hadn't had a chance to read them. But he already knew, of course, what they were going to be about.
"I always miss you, Tony."
"Really," Steve said, firmly, and then he had an even better idea. "Wait. Here you go." He reached back without looking, got the nightstand drawer open, found a condom packet by feel, and proffered it.
Mr. Stark sighs. "St-- Cap-- I
"That's not true," Steve replies, automatically, but he thinks that perhaps he's starting to see what Iron Man means by
And how can Steve possibly refuse him?
As Jan launched into her explanation, all he could think of was Tony, on the other side of the room. But Tony was going to come back soon. It couldn't take that long for him to tell Tiberius his idea. Then he'd be at Steve's side again, and all would be right with the world.
"It loved me," Tony said, and whatever Steve had expected to hear, it hadn't been that.
Anyone who's picked up a newspaper in the past year knows Captain America and Tony Stark are a couple. But very few people know what that means about Captain America and Iron Man. And Ghost isn't one of them.
Tony grimaces. "Not the right something, I'm afraid."
Steve looks over Tony's shoulder, where Tony's nearest holographic display is showing the time. 0800. Steve's not early. They both know this. This is how the game works.
He likes this part. He hates how much he likes this part. "I'm here for you to use me," Steve says, and Tony's smile is bright and knife-sharp, as Steve's cock twitches again and soaks his underwear with even more pre-come.
. It seemed like a joke. Surely, any minute now, he would pull his cowl back up, stand straight, get that Captain America look in his eyes, and walk right out the door. But somehow, he was still here.
, and it's silly to think that, because obviously he's kissed Iron Man before, and Steve knows he's human under there -- but this is a different kind of intimacy. He's allowed to linger. And even if he isn't permitted to see Iron Man's face, he can look at him now. He can look at him like this, learn the form of him that the armor hides.
Tony stared back at him, unfazed. "Remind me again," he said, voice laden with sarcasm. "Which of us is going to be facing multiple homicide charges?"
lied to you to make you feel better?"
. Steve could be confident of that, at least. Tiberius wouldn't have arranged the situation like this if he had been. But trying to kill a man he thought was Tony's longtime bodyguard and close friend definitely didn't make Tiberius look good.
Tony's eyes flutter and fall shut. Steve's not sure Tony's listening to the exact words he's saying, and it doesn't matter if he does. The words are there to calm him. If Tony's feeling better, then it's the right thing. And Steve can hold together for Tony, because Tony did the same for him.
Then the entire display cracked down the middle.
He wanted to ask Tony if Tony was okay, which was ridiculous because Tony had answered that. Tony had told him, in fact, that he wasn't okay. But he wanted to ask him again. He wanted Tony to tell him this time that he was fine, that he was going to heal, that everything was going to be okay. And Tony couldn't tell him that.
It's not the most awkward thing that's happening right now. Steve was unconsciously beginning to reach for Mr. Stark and push him back down into his seat -- dear God -- and Mr. Stark, clearly appalled, has been twisting away to avoid Steve's touch. Horrified at his own boldness, Steve stops where he is, and then Mr. Stark does too, and now they're here, a frozen, unbalanced tableau.
Tony tips his head up a little, and there's the barest hint of a smile.
You'd think identical twins would have identical voices -- or at least similar voices -- but Steve's never had any trouble telling Tony and Gregory apart. Greg always sounds more officious. Arch. Cruel. Some of the other Ultimates -- and definitely some of the Avengers -- like Gregory better. They say he's smarter. He probably sounds like he's smarter. Steve just thinks he's an asshole. He's refrained, thus far, from telling Tony this opinion, because even though Tony doesn't like his own brother, it's different when the person who says it is your-- well, whatever they are to each other. Steve's still not certain.
"Not like that," Tony clarifies. "I want this. I want you. I want you so much. I just-- I want you to keep the rest of it on. Please."
He looks around, trying to get his bearings. There's a rope dangling a few feet away -- just out of reach -- affixed somewhere higher up. Steve traces the line of it with his eyes. Looks like someone took a grappling hook to the windows a few stories above them.
Scattered words of Tony's explanation rattled back and forth inside Steve's head.
"Really," Jan said, nodding. "We're going back to the mansion, too. It's not like you'd be making us go out of our way. And our car should be here in a few minutes."
. Even if you think I won't like it." He smiled a little smile, a brief flash of teeth.
Steve told himself not to touch Tony. "It's not selfish. And I'm happy to be here for you. But you-- you can always tell other people, too. If you want."
So Steve comes around the other side of the bed, clambers across the mattress, and kneels next to Tony, as Tony turns his head the other way to watch him, pillowing his head on his folded arms, atop the actual pillow. Tony looks, while not blissfully ecstatic like he did earlier, at least like he might know what it feels like to have a good day. He cracks one sapphire-blue eye open and stretches again, another leisurely stretch, his shoulder blades flexing. He's starting to relax more. Another step in the right direction.
He offers Tony a tentative smile, unfortunately with fangs.
Tony's embarrassed smile was back; he seemed to be remembering how to think again. "So I, uh, don't have a lot of basis for comparison either, but I thought it was, um. Very nice." He glanced away again. "Still not quite sure how that rules out pity, though. Just because you like men" -- he said it warily, like he wasn't sure he believed it -- "doesn't mean you like me like that."
No, that was Steve flipping open one of his belt pouches and holding up a little tube of Vaseline.
Tony's lips were parted in surprise; he was staring at Steve like the thought that Steve might have been concerned about him had literally never crossed his mind. "Steve, I--" he began, hesitantly. "It never even occurred to me that-- I wasn't thinking-- I'm so sorry, I should have been clearer in the report--"
While, yes, that had indeed been what Steve had been telling himself about Tony all week, and while it might have been true for other people, he knew now that it wasn't true. Not for Tony, not when it came to the two of them. And it wasn't true for Steve, either.
Tony's gaze went distant. "Do you know why it was so easy for me to believe Ty? Everything he told me about myself was something I already believed. He was the voice in my head telling me I was wrong. The voice I'd heard my whole life. Telling me I deserved whatever he was doing to me. You-- you told me I was
"That definitely won't feel as good for you," Tony pointed out.
"So if I'd told you I loved you to try to convince you this was real," Steve said, his voice gone dull, "you wouldn't have believed me. Would you?"
"Not that," Steve says, quickly. "Not on a first date."
He didn't have to know what to do. It was all right not to know. Tony wasn't going to expect him to know. Kissing worked the same, at least, and as for anything after that -- Steve had no idea what the rest of the night would hold, but he wasn't afraid. It was Tony, and he'd always trusted Tony, and Tony wasn't going to steer him wrong.
Steve grinned. "Not so far. I mean, the suit comes off when we're at home. It's just a regular secret identity."
"Commander!" Tony says, pleasantly, in a tone that anyone might use to greet a good friend. A good friend with whom he is definitely not planning to do anything that they are actually planning to do. "Good morning. I'm glad to see you're so eager to get down to the day's business, but you'll have to forgive me. You're a little early, and I'm not quite ready yet."
Tony was still talking. "I was thinking about what you said this afternoon, in the library." Had that really been today? It seemed like a lifetime ago. "You said you'd never seen anyone hurt me the way Ty had hurt me. And that... actually wasn't right." His mouth twisted. "I mean, the part where you've never seen it is true. I suppose you never did see it. But this isn't the first time someone's done this to me. It isn't even the second. It's actually the third."
"I wanted to
What?
Tony opened his mouth like he wanted to object, but then he closed his mouth and nodded, an exhausted droop of his head. "Okay."
That's not a good sentence, is it? The team had been watching TV a few months ago, and when the woman on-screen had said that very phrase to someone who was presumably her boyfriend, Jan had rolled her eyes and called it
Most of the walls had been knocked out. The furniture was almost entirely splintered and broken, surrounded by sliced coils of rope. There were dark brown smears on the floor that Tony knew was blood, and he tried not to think about whether it belonged to Herc, or Dane, or Jarvis, or (oh God)
It was only after Steve said it that he realized he shouldn't have said it. Not because he was wrong -- because Tiberius had not, in fact, apologized to Tony -- but because the circumstances of how Steve knew that were personal, and definitely not something he wanted to get into on national television. He knew Tiberius hadn't apologized because Steve had been in the room when Tony had called him. And the first thing Steve had asked Tony afterwards was if Tiberius had apologized. And Tony had said no.
Morganti – if it was Morganti – made a note on the digital pad let into the wall beside the refrigerated unit, signed it, and left.
"I'm sorry, sir. Mr Stark has given me strict instructions to see you don't overreach yourself. Once he is out of conference—"
"And the kisses."
"Like the Chitauri technology? And the Tesseract."
"We still have a stake," Tony repeated. "I have a personal score to settle with these guys."
"So does Jean."
"One more thing you ought to know," Lori said. "I had a visit from SHIELD."
Tony hit the floor hard on hands and knees, a sharp pain in his chest, a weight pressing down on his back: all welcome because they meant he was alive. A quick glance upwards told him he was on Earth, in the shattered reception area of Stark Tower and not on a godforsaken planet like Vormir, Morag or, heaven help him, Titan.
Steve had almost forgotten. That Tony had not was something he was going to have to consider later. Now, though, there were more urgent questions. "Jarvis, what was the cause of death?" he asked.
Nothing was happening.
"I know, I know. If I could," Tony lied, "I'd invent a time machine, to get you back where you belong." Or maybe, if it was possible, he'd actually do it, because that would stop Steve hurting. He wouldn't be here with his arms around him, but Steve wouldn't be crying.
She remembered, but from the look on her face she hadn't thought that he did, though she said nothing. She was, he knew, waiting for him to finish lining up his accusations so that she could shoot them down, instead of weakening her position by arguing each detail. He'd have to push harder to break that composure.
The house sat on a mound that looked almost artificial, which Steve guessed held Tony's armoury. Iron Man and War Machine, or whoever they actually were, had vanished.
Yogthulu. The creature-from-another-dimension that Doom had summoned in order to trade three pure souls, three lives – Tony, Howard and Gene – for Doom's own dead loved ones. Yogthulu, who had rejected the offering because Gene was not pure, in whatever definition of 'pure' the extraterrestrial – extra-dimensional – being was using. The creature that had swallowed Doom.
He could still see tall buildings lit up in the distance, and strings of lights that marked a bridge. The buildings on the horizon on his right formed a skyline that held a vague familiarity, but that might just be that he had seen pictures of something like it.
Like hell, Tony thought. They'd see about that.
But what had Tony been thinking of, to come to here with the arc reactor in his chest? After telling Steve to leave the shield behind...
"The Sorcerer Supreme has spoken of Charles Xavier. I have to defer to so distinguished a telepath if he says he saw a human mind. But I also trust my own magic. Your friend is also at home in that particular body. He may have been born into something very sim—"
"I'm not worried about either you or Happy," Gene retorted, but he was also smiling. "I am annoyed about you not warning me you were tussling with Yogthulu."
"What makes you think 'we' are?" Bruce asked, but he was beginning to smile.
Tony took a breath to steady himself, with a mental reminder that he needed Hank. "The truck," he said. "Two crates. Both marked 'Electronic Equipment'. Your original is the Mark 1, my revised version is Mark 2. I've tweaked the electronics—"
"We rescued each other," Shuri said seriously. Steve was sure that, despite her youth, no one but Natasha could match her poise. "But my brother will, I am sure, reward you for allowing us to complete it."
Once he was sure the mine was secure, with its great doors still intact, indeed, untouched, he could turn his attention back to Jan who now – oh, fuck – who was now full sized again and wingless, curled around the rock on which he had placed her for safety.
Oh, yeah. Now he remembered.
It was intact.
"Only if you give me your word that Pepper and I will be invited to Coulson's funeral."
He thought back to last night and the way Tony hadn't really explained anything. Unsure of what to do or say, he made himself look away from Tony, and it was then he saw the familiar roundel in its still unfamiliar colours propped against the wall. He knelt and took the shield in his hands, savouring the heft and balance. "I left this in New York."
"Well, someone doesn't find it ridiculous; why would anyone try to kill me except to stop or at least delay the rollout of the ARC reactors indefinitely?"
Meanwhile, her eyes narrowed in suspicion, probably at his expression and she turned her head to look for her reflection in what remained of the glass wall. One perfectly plucked eyebrow lifted. "Is this how you think of me, Stark?
Fury's voice was full of exasperation. "You said you have something to trade, Stark."
Tony raised a sceptical eyebrow. "White Wolf?"
The TV comedies and dramas turning out to be mainly incomprehensible, he was wondering if there were any real books in the penthouse when Jarvis spoke, making him jump:" Mr Stark is in the workshop, Captain. He requests that you join him there." That was, in Steve's opinion, a Jarvis translation of, "Get Rogers down here, pronto."
"But she's still not going to be happy about this."
Childproof, or something worse?
Steve had noticed the hesitation and his curiosity finally overcame him. "Lady Sif, forgive me if I give you any offence by asking but, sometimes, when Volstagg is talking, it feels as if there is an empty place in his stories. At first I thought that place was Loki's, but he still speaks of him. And now you're doing the same thing. It's someone else, isn't it? Someone who was very close to Thor. Frigga said something about the loss of a friend..."
"Coffee, bagels, doughnuts, sandwiches, whatever, just keep it simple," Tony snapped. "And you aren't Thor's keeper, Jarvis, any more than you are mine."
"Tony! I almost didn't recognise you without the face-fuzz. Is this permanent?"
Steve shook his head, then, unexpectedly, burst into bitter laughter. "I'm just a kid from Brooklyn who wanted to fight for my country. Erskine never told me that I'd end up in the twenty-first century in bed with my lover seriously talking about the danger of a take-over of the US government."
And Natasha and Clint were somewhere in the midst of this.
Tony wasn't sure that allowing Hennis to drag him over to the wall that hid the private elevator from which he had emerged into the lobby was cooperating. But with the rest of the assault squad clustering about him, he was quite certain that his plan, at least, was working.
"Incoming drone," Storm reported, excited but well under control. "And incoming calls. Sound a little panicky, maybe because we're off their radar. Should I—?”
Tony closed an iron hand on the chauffeur's shoulder. "Spit it out."
Tony slid into the awareness of the Time Stone, pleading it with it to stretch out the seconds, caught up the Power Stone's energy, found the Reality Stone which flared as it emerged from the Quantum Realm.
"Captain Rogers," Happy interrupted deferentially. "Thought you might want this," he added, offering a familiar red white and blue disc.
"She's in her nineties," Steve pointed out. "I don't think either of us could face that right now." He abruptly changed the subject. "The uniform's not important either," he went on, determined to be rational about this though the betrayal by the government,
"So that was where you vanished to!" Pepper exclaimed. "Did you find him?"
"I won't let the reporters eat me, Steve. In fact, I'll be home for dinner. Ciao. Jarvis, faceplate up." Tony removed his foot from the creature's foot – the only part of its body low enough to the ground for him to pose with any dignity – and faced the barrage of journalists. He could see at least ten camera teams. Momentarily, he wished heartily for Pepper...
Maybe someone not as familiar with Jarvis as Steve would not have noticed that overly careful phrasing.
"Hold your judgment until you hear the whole story," the Ancient One advised. "Mr Stark."
She emptied the bowl onto the surface, and rolled the green mash into a cylinder, and then cut it into three pieces, each far less than a mouthful, then retreated down the steps into the muttering crowd.
"Make a radar sweep. Those goons didn't leave anyone below. They must have had an escape route—"
Somehow, even back from Onslaught, that one didn't heal clean. Not everyone did, not completely. Tony's heart is --
Sure, it's not much of a plan, but it
Steve doesn't look around to watch the drive tumble through the air. He knows it's going to smash onto the sidewalk, far below. Ghost will never get those plans now.
," Tiberius murmured, and hearing his own name on Tiberius' lips made Steve's skin crawl. "I think you'll find that Tony doesn't share it." He didn't move, but his gaze slid to meet Steve's, piercing him where he sat. "Because, speaking of things we both know, we both know which of us he's going to believe, don't we?"
Carol had been right when she'd said he couldn't hurt her unless he really tried.
"There you are," Tony says. "I missed you."
He knows he'll always do anything Iron Man asks. He lifts his head.
Steve exhales across Tony's skin and feels him shiver. He hears Tony breathe, a noisy, shuddering hitch of a breath.
They knew he was Tony Stark, so they always wanted him for his genius. They wanted the weapons he'd stopped making years ago. Of course they did.
." His face is contorted in anguish, and that's when Steve realizes that Mr. Stark is answering an entirely different question from the one Steve is trying to ask. "Iron Man's identity is a secret. Revealing that kind of information to anyone, even you, would be a grave breach of his privacy and also an egregious violation of his trust. You're asking me to break a promise. If you want to know, you'll have to ask him yourself. I'm sorry."
good enough for me. I would have liked it if you'd actually been happy for us. I'm sorry you can't see him the way I see him."
, he promises himself. Tony had said they could take care of him later. He can wait.
know, because Tony had told him -- that he didn't want to be on anything he could get addicted to, because it wasn't like his pathetic body was going to give him a choice about the matter.
"There's that harness in your box," Tony said, hopefully. God, he was getting hard again at just the thought. "I think he'd really like to see you in that. And nothing else."
Tony's gaze softened, and he practically melted into Steve's embrace, with an amazed smile. "Yeah? You do?"
"You shouldn't be here." Tony was starting to sound frantic; somehow Steve's reassurances hadn't been enough. "Why are you here? You left. You were moving out. I thought I got him, I thought I got him good and that was why I woke up, but I have to be dreaming this. You wouldn't be here for me."
He'd gotten bitten in the sewers, and the serum had gone to work taking care of it.
"Avengers business." Steve's voice rang out of him, pitched to carry across a battlefield. He unslung his shield, testing its weight on his newly-healed hand. "It's a matter of life and death."
Steve shut his eyes like he was waiting for his own execution.
Tony's mouth quirked. "Can't I?"
A fair few of Tony's actual villains also knew who he was, which was a problem that occasionally kept him up nights, as if he didn't have enough to worry about. And that particular situation made the fact that he hadn't told Steve yet even more ridiculous. It wasn't like the goddamn
He's even more handsome with the cowl off, Tony finds himself thinking. He's blond -- who knew? -- and his features are strong, finely chiseled even in the pale repose of death. He  looks like he would have been about Tony's age, if he were alive.
Steve had been right: it wasn't very dignified. Tony didn't care.
No, that wasn't it. That wasn't disapproval, or even disgust. That was
"Yeah, that." Tony's voice was calm. "I saw you trying not to look at it when I was dressing earlier. And I know you're curious. Of course you're curious. I know I never told you about it, either."
Tony squinted at him. "What? No, you haven't. There aren't any gay Avengers."
Steve understood now, just why Tony was so miserable. Why this had been eating him up inside. It was a hell of a thing to learn that all that had been calculated. A deception. He stroked Tony's back. "You were being kind," he murmured. "You're a kind person, Tony. And just because he didn't deserve a single ounce of kindness doesn't mean that you did anything wrong. You wanted to help. He was wrong. What he did to you was terrible. But it doesn't make you wrong for-- for wanting to be good to him."
Steve stared. He hadn't expected that. Maybe he should have. Tony had had that synthetic heart put in, a long time ago, but Steve had thought that he'd been better when they'd all gotten back to Earth, after Onslaught. He thought that Tony had been healed. All the scars had definitely disappeared, then. So what in the world had happened?
"How's that?"
The thing is, it's not what Tony wears in the mornings. Steve's spent nearly ten years living with the Avengers, and a good part of the time with Tony in residence. He's watched Tony stumble down -- or sometimes up -- to breakfast in worn flannel plaid sleep pants and t-shirts that say things like I HAVE POTENTIAL with a picture of a ball at the top of a hill. Tony might be worth billions, but when he's left to his own devices, he sure doesn't dress like it.
, and he--
"Not weird," Tony assured him. "Very flattering, actually." Certain parts of Tony's anatomy were definitely feeling flattered, even in the armor.
at this, like Tiberius was. But he had to try.
Steve tries to think this through. "So you're working for Mr. Stark... because you like working for him?"
Before he could reply, she'd pushed the door open.
Steve was well out of the way, now running right, putting up a great distraction, as Tony fired. The shot was perfectly aimed, center of mass, enough repulsor power to take down a baseline human without much in the way of additional damage. His hands were steady. He'd made this shot a thousand times before. He could probably have made it in his sleep.
Afghanistan is terrible, for more reasons than the obvious. Tony has to take a break, twenty-three hours into designing the chestplate. Yinsen helps him dress his wounds again and gives him the last dose of morphine in the first-aid kit. Morphine, Tony knows, is also an antitussive. Thank God.
Steve knew perfectly well that it was called Dungeons & Dragons; he just enjoyed the look on Tony's face every time he said it backwards.
"You're not alone," Steve says, softly, even though he knows perfectly well that what Tony means is that Steve isn't touching him, and there's nothing Steve can do about that. "I'm right here. I'm going to stay right at your side. All you have to do is follow my orders." He mouths the last words, silent, his back still blocking the camera, so that only Tony will see him. "I know you're good at that."
"There," Tony said, settling down next to him. At some point in the process of finding materials for splinting, he had shucked his armor. Steve glanced down at his own leg, saw the crimson sheen of the metal, and realized that he was actually wearing--
"Tony," Steve asked, "are you all right?"
Well. It looked like Tony was the brand-new illicit owner of a big box of what was probably kinky sex toys. Possession, as they said, was nine-tenths of the law. Or maybe
"Anywhere else?" Steve asks.
They stay like this for a little longer, silently, and Steve lets Tony just soak it in. Then he figures out he doesn't have to push that far up, or adjust his weight all that much, to be able to get his hands back to Tony's shoulders.
"Hey, Cap!" Hank said, cheerfully. "I didn't see you over there before. Sorry. Have you been here this whole time?"
, a very polite word that masked an ugly reality. Oh, physically, she was fine, thank goodness -- but Tony could still scarcely believe that any of that had happened. So it would make sense if, in the wake of... everything, Tony had wanted to keep an eye on how his teammates were feeling these days. And that was probably even part of the truth. He was worried about Steve, after all. Steve was probably worried about him too.
It had never occurred to him that the rest of his teammates, the rest of his friends, might also watch it. It probably should have. He hadn't thought of it. But then, he hadn't been thinking of a lot of things lately, had he?
"Huh." Tony was raising his eyebrows, and Steve was pretty sure the parallels were evident.
-- but he's not Iron Man.
But it was too late. Tony had noticed him. He set his paper down, straightened up, and grinned wider. He was still so damn handsome and it wasn't fair.
It's not like people haven't had nice things to say about Steve, over the years -- everyone thinks well of Captain America -- but from Tony it feels so much more special. Not because he's stinting with praise, not at all. Every one of Tony's friends knows how much Tony loves them. But Tony knows him, knows him in a way a lot of people don't, knows who he really is at the end of the day, and loves him for it -- and that means far more to Steve than the roar of the crowd ever could. And for all that Tony is a consummate showman, he's positive the same goes for Tony.
Then the answer occurred to him all at once, in all its sickening glory, and he wished it hadn't.
"Your kind of place, huh?" Iron Man asks, softly.
"You're so
"Oh my God," the photographer breathed. "Captain America is
Tony just didn't want it from him. And there was nothing Steve could do to change that.
, she'd said.
"It's nice to know your name," Steve said, quiet, but fervent. "Though I have to say that it would have been nicer to know your blood type. None of us knew it, so you ended up getting a whole lot of O negative. More units than I can count. Saline and plasma, too." He bit his lip. "Things, uh. Things really didn't look so good for you, for a couple days there."
He hoped Tony hadn't heard about any of that. Maybe he hadn't.
When they got home, Tony promptly disappeared into his workshop for the rest of the night; Steve figured he'd earned that one fair and square, but then the next morning Tony smiled at him and slid into the chair next to him at the breakfast table and took his hand like everything was forgiven.
Steve smiles back. "Of course."
is a better word."
Yeah, it had probably been that.
"Not quite yet," Tony said. He'd been thinking about this, and it seemed like it was worth a try. "It's not a spreader bar, but it's the best I can do for immobilization."
is the word I'd use," Steve said, quietly correcting him. "Probably
If Steve was upset because he'd just learned that he could have had a chance with Tony once but now it was too late, that was his own business, and absolutely nothing to burden Tony with. Finding out that Tony was queer didn't make him love Tony less, at any rate, and that was the important part.
"And I'd never what?" Steve said, his nostrils flaring, and for an instant it seemed like Steve wanted to punch him or kiss him and couldn't decide which. Which was ridiculous, because Steve didn't even swing that way.
Tony wanted him. He knew that. But the thought of it, the fact of Tony just saying it, was new enough that hearing what Tony wanted to do about it was leaving him breathless, lightheaded with the possibility of it. And very, very hard.
Tony's a brighter spark than anyone Steve's ever met in his entire life. He doesn't belong in the shadows.
Steve was grateful that not much of his face was visible with the cowl on, because he was sure his cheeks were burning.
It wasn't like Steve couldn't understand that. He wasn't brave enough to come out to anyone at all.
Oh. Tony's taking care of
Tony's mouth had fallen open. "Really?"
He had a point. But Steve knew he wasn't the healthiest example. "I probably should," Steve admitted. "I think I'd probably feel a lot better if I did."
Mordo's lip curled. "No," he said, scornfully, like Tony was stupid. "I'm causing all this chaos to
"You wouldn't hesitate to bench any Avenger if you thought it was the right thing to do, even someone you were dating," Tony retorted. "You'd do what was best for the team."
"I'll have to save up, then," Tony said, and, okay,
What he can live with. Great. He can't live with this. He can't.
"I know it shouldn't matter to me," Steve said, tightly. "It really shouldn't."
"Oh, would you?" Tony asked, sounding hopeful. "That'd be really good of you." Tony was smiling now. "Of course, of course. I love you too." Tony smiled once again, and Steve tried valiantly to ignore the now-familiar stab of jealousy. "Tonight, yeah. Looking forward to it. Bye."
His heart clenched up.
Hercules was technically a possibility, but not really a good bet. He was definitely strong, anyway, so the gear might have fit him. But Tony kind of suspected that if Herc had any kind of inclinations toward kink it wouldn't be modern BDSM as anyone understood it. Whoever owned this box clearly knew some people in the scene, knew enough to know where to go to get good equipment, and definitely took it seriously. Herc didn't strike Tony as the "safe, sane, and consensual" type. Not to mention that Tony had never really thought Herc had that kind of interest in him, specifically.
Maybe Tony was hard on himself all the time.
way. It's just hard to accept that I'm the one you want."
There's a little catch in the static Iron Man makes now, like a sharply-indrawn breath. "You like that?" Iron Man says, in a voice Steve has never heard from him before, something laden with a nebulous sort of promise. What he could be promising, Steve has no idea -- but, boy, does he want to find out. Iron Man makes a little clicking noise, sounding almost shy. "The, uh. The environmental systems dump a lot of waste heat through the outer layer of the suit. I-- I mean, Mr. Stark originally had a design that was more vented, but it added too much bulk."
"Tony,
"Your head all right?" Steve asked, concerned. "You said you'd hit it."
Maybe if Steve were less tired, he wouldn't do this, but right now it seems like a great idea. He rolls forward, sliding down Iron Man's chest until he topples over entirely, his head in Iron Man's lap. Iron Man feels so nice. His thighs are strong, muscular... and a good pillow. Steve's always thought Iron Man has good legs.
"You know," Tiberius added, cheerfully, "I nearly fucked that ex-girlfriend of yours, the one who was at the party last week. What was her name, Rumiko?" He made a show of remembering. "Yes, that was it. I figured it'd really piss you off if I had her. But then you were there, panting after
"Hi," Tony said. His voice was hoarse. Steve wasn't sure which of them he was talking to; he wasn't looking at either of them. "I'm sorry, I know you're both probably busy. I just had a quick question. Team-leader kind of question. But if now's not a good time, I can go." He wobbled a little and leaned more of his weight on the doorframe. He looked like he was about thirty seconds from hitting the floor face-first.
Steve nuzzled his way to the base of Tony's cock. Tony was very warm here; something deep within Steve liked the heat and the scent of him, and he was glad he liked it. He'd thought he would, but... it was good to know. Tony sighed, and Steve took another breath and licked up the side of his cock in one broad swipe of his tongue, tasting him for the first time.
Tony could handle going to sleep by himself. Besides, he needed to get used to not being around Tony.
"No," Steve insists. "It's true."
Strange was, in fact, not in the present, or so Wong had said. He and Clea and someone named Morgana Blessing were currently trapped in 1943, apparently due to Mordo himself. The guy sure got around.
"Captain," Mr. Hogan says. "Good to see you!"
Not a lot of people were willing to call Captain America out when he was being an idiot, and it looked like right now Carol wasn't one of them. She probably wasn't feeling settled enough on the team since her court-martial to feel really comfortable criticizing him.
Steve couldn't be here. He was intruding, invading Tony's space, finding out things Tony hadn't wanted him to know. And, sure, he was upset, but his feelings didn't matter, did they? He was the one in the wrong. So Tiberius wasn't who Steve would have picked for Tony. He was who Tony had picked. It didn't matter how Steve felt about him. It wasn't his choice.
"Oh." Steve swallowed hard. "Yeah, okay. That, uh. That first one sounds better."
? It couldn't be. It absolutely, positively could not be Steve.
"Don't bullshit me!" Tony snapped. "We both know exactly what you did. I
"Right," Steve says, weary, exhausted, as Ghost lies motionless and empty-handed on the floor. Steve's got places to be. Boyfriends to cuddle. At least now it's finally over. He starts to push himself to his feet. "I hope that now we've all learned that crime doesn't--"
It figured. Of course it figured. Tony was out there trying to save his boyfriend.
," Tony said, in response to Steve's grimace. "That's much worse." And then he brightened. "Hey, do you want to go out with me tonight?"
Tony's question is more tentative than it should be.
"I like when you hold me," Tony mumbles, his voice slurred. It's a confession Steve has never heard from him before. All Tony's walls are down. "I like it a lot. But I'm not-- not s'posed to. Not right. S'too much. I feel too much."
But Tony saw him.
, you'd-- yeah, you'd definitely make that face. That one."
Tony takes a step closer, and then another step. His hands settle onto Steve's shoulders, and then Steve wraps his arms around Tony's waist and gently pulls Tony over, atop him, pulling him backwards onto the bed.
Oh, no, no, no. "It's not that," he said, quickly. "Tony, I've got a healing factor. Even if you had anything, I couldn't get it. That's not the issue. I just thought, well, if you don't want to swallow, it'd make it easier not to. No possibility of mistakes that way, right?"
He's pretty sure he knows what the answer is. He's had more practice taking Tony out of his armor -- for both professional and prurient reasons -- but he knows enough to be able to figure out how to do it in reverse. He can put the armor on Tony. Of course, that will be time that Steve can't use to get his own uniform on, but that can't be helped.
"I was upset," Steve says, very carefully, "because I thought
queer, aren't you?"
Tony drew a gasping, shallow breath. "I trust you. Of course I trust you." He shuddered against Steve. "It's me I don't trust."
. Steve almost didn't recognize his own name.
were why you handed me a gay book. You were doing it for yourself. Isn't that right?"
He expects Tony to keep ignoring him, but instead Tony brings a hand back down, strokes through his hair, and wipes the tear away. "Shh," Tony says, soft, soothing. "You're thinking too much. Don't think about anything." His fingers card through Steve's hair again. "I don't need you to think. I just need you to be here."
Tony opens his mouth and closes it again. "I suppose you did." He half-smiles.
It's not exactly reassuring.
"I could come back in a bit?" Steve offers. He has to admit he does like this part, where he pretends that he's going to go, just so Tony can ask for him back. A little thrill runs through him with the anticipation of it; he likes hearing that Tony wants him.
And he does.
His fingertips travel past the edge of the gauntlet, onto the golden metal that covers Iron Man's arm. Steve wasn't expecting it to feel any different, but it does; the metal curves, molded to Iron Man's skin, and all Steve can think is that he's almost touching Iron Man.
Steve is still staring, completely flummoxed, as his plan for the morning falls apart around him. This wasn't supposed to happen. Iron Man was supposed to be here. He can't think of a thing to say. He hopes he doesn't look as surprised as he feels. It doesn't help that Mr. Stark is so damned good-looking. It makes it hard to think straight around him.
And then, slowly, slowly, Tony pushed himself upright. Steve could hear Tony's joints crack, and Tony groaned under his breath. Tony's weight left Steve's thighs, and already Steve missed the feel of him; after a bare few hours of being next to Tony, his body had come to know that this was right, that this was where Tony should be.
The chair didn't even creak when Tony sat in it. He'd long since ensured that all the mansion's furniture could handle both him and Thor, and sometimes even him and Thor at the same time. It was the little things that made it all worth it.
He didn't exactly have a convenient way to rig Steve -- even if his bedframe had any anchor points, which it didn't, Tony was sure Steve was capable of breaking the bed. He'd have to figure something out.
What on Earth was going on here?
"That'd be wonderful, thanks," Steve said. And then a possible complication occurred to him. "But what's going to happen when Tony realizes I'm not here anymore? I don't want him to worry."
. All I knew was that there was something wrong with me and they all hated me for it." He sighed. "But that was also the day I met Ty. And he was my friend. My only friend, really. And I was-- I was just so happy that someone actually
Oh. Right. Tony didn't want anyone looking at his heart. And Steve had looked earlier, after DreamVision, but he hadn't known what it was then, and he hadn't known if Tony was going to be okay, and he thought Tony could forgive him that. But he knew now, and he knew Tony was okay -- well, as okay as he was ever going to get -- so Steve didn't have an excuse to keep an eye on him, and any other reason he might want to look at Tony half-naked was absolutely not something he should give into.
There was probably a better way to say that. Tony couldn't call it to mind.
Attempting to ignore the part of his brain that was telling him it would actually be pretty nice to have someone to come home to, Tony squinted at him. "And why do you think I want to marry anyone at all?"
And then the Black Knight's lance hits him in the throat. Hard.
Ghost is clearly staring at him in utter bewilderment. Perfect.
But Steve just smiled, reached out, and stroked the back of Tony's hand. "Still not mad, Shellhead."
"You're muddying the waters here." Steve probably shouldn't have interrupted, but it was too late. "If you want to imply that the Avengers are a corrupt organization that deliberately shelters criminals from the law, then I suppose, well, you're within your first-amendment rights to say that. Just as I can tell you that that's not true, and if I thought for one second that any one of my teammates had committed murder, I would bring them in myself. Even Iron Man. But I don't. And that's an entirely separate issue from whether or not I trust Tony. If you honestly thought that the Avengers had a custom of harboring murderers, you'd have presented me with evidence. But you didn't. That's because it doesn't exist. You -- and the rest of SNN -- are saying whatever you think will get you more viewers, regardless of the actual truth. And it's dangerous."
Now within reach of the bed, Steve rolls up one of the unused towels and puts it under Tony's ankles, so his feet will be in a more comfortable position. Steve takes this opportunity to take the closer of Tony's feet in both of his hands and gently rub out some of the soreness, thumb sliding across the arch of his foot.
He looked at Tony, sitting patiently at the other end of the couch, and he thought he understood now how Tony had felt about him when he'd come out of DreamVision. Some atavistic part of him wasn't going to be able to believe Tony was alive and well unless he touched him again, even though he'd been holding Tony not ten minutes ago.
"Captain," Walders said, standing up to shake his hand. "It's a pleasure to meet you. Glad you were able to join us on the program."
A muscle in Steve's jaw twitched. "Yes, you can," he said, and if anyone in the universe was stubborn enough to try to argue with Death herself it was Steve Rogers. "You can," he repeated. "You can and you're going to."
But Steve knew he hadn't imagined the pain in Tony's eyes when Tony had talked to Tiberius, just now. Tony had pushed it back fast, but it had been there. He hadn't imagined the half of the conversation he'd heard, where Tiberius had twisted Tony's point around until Tony believed that he was the one in the wrong. Him, Tony, and not the guy who'd slandered Tony's good name all over his own personal news network.
! It could help so many people!"
It wasn't as if any of them were in the right, either. But Steve wasn't about to let himself be distracted from the larger point.
The camera zoomed in to show the woman now in the cockpit of one of the smaller spaceships.
"I'm here," Steve murmurs. He runs his hands over Tony's back, touching him everywhere he can, trying to keep him grounded. "I'm right here, and you're doing great." Tony shivers and pushes up against him like he wants to press every square inch of his skin against Steve's. "You've got this." He can't be mad. He's not going to be mad. He just... can't do that. So he won't. "But you've got to suit up now, okay?"
"Good surprise," Steve said, instantly, like he didn't even have to think about it, and something loosened in Tony's chest, a lifetime of pressure and worry gone at last. "
Steve's hands were shaking, and his breathing was unsteady and shallow, and, God, he really was scared. Tony brought up a hand to the back of Steve's head, tugged the cowl off in his fist, and ran his fingers through Steve's hair and down his spine until Steve started to settle down.
him, too. Tony was right when he said he wasn't, in fact, getting off on this; Steve is not an innocent and he knows perfectly well what it looks like when someone would like you to move your hands a little farther south, and Tony definitely is not. But that doesn't mean that Steve isn't currently attracted to him. Tony's at ease, relaxed, fluid, languid. He's smiling, bright and undimmed. Every time Steve touches him he moans ever so quietly, and Steve likes those noises a whole lot. His body is a goddamn
Steve promptly rolled over -- with a helpful push from Tony -- and, oh, yeah, that was the good stuff. Face down, ass in the air, legs spread just wide enough for things to get interesting. Steve's cock dangled against his thigh, huge and dark, and Tony reached out and ran his hand over it, just to see what Steve would do, which was to shudder and moan and push up into his hand.
This was where Steve had given up, fighting Tiberius on television. But he wasn't going to give up now, not when it was Tony.
"Do it anyway," Tony says, and now he really
"What?"
Steve was barely breathing hard; Tony hadn't really expected to get anything out of him from only this level of pain. Luckily, he was also very good with words.
There have been a few exceptions to the personal-knowledge and familiarity requirement, and they get famous, precisely because they are exceptional. They tend to come in the form of stalkers. Everybody still remembers the news stories of John Hinckley and Jodie Foster; he was spitting out carnations in his mug shot.
The way Mr. Stark says it, it's not a question. And that means he knows. He knows what happened in the field because Iron Man told him. Because Iron Man must tell him everything.
Something about the joke is forced. Steve knows Iron Man likes to make him laugh, but the way he says it -- it sounds like he thinks Steve really
Tiberius
Translation: Steve was worried Tony wasn't going to think it was sexy. Well,
He saw what Steve meant in an instant, the words unfolding like the map of a battlefield. "No, actually, that makes perfect sense," Tony said, and Steve blinked at him, surprised. "You're peak human. Everyone else's senses of what's normal and appropriate haven't been calibrated for you. And I'm guessing nobody hits you as hard as you really want to be hit, and if you ask them to try, it freaks them out, because what you're asking for would harm a baseline human, because you can't possibly want what you say you want. Especially if you can't tell them you're Captain America. Am I right?"
. Thor, Iron Man, maybe that's your department--"
Mr. Stark smiles. "I'm not your enemy, Captain. I just... hope you know that."
"Fuck," Steve said, thickly. "Oh, Tony, please, like that, oh, fuck, more of that--"
He holds up his hand and slowly crosses two fingers. He hopes they still have that gesture these days, but Mr. Stark smiles at him again and gives him a thumbs-up, like pilots used to, so they must still do that.
Yeah, he'd definitely been thinking about loneliness.
"In some kind of custody," Steve said, with half a shrug. "Strange came by after it was over and took him, I'm told. I wasn't there for that part."
If Tony got any more confused, his face was probably going to freeze that way. "You know I do," he said. His brow was furrowed. "Weren't we talking about it, not that long ago?"
, there where Tony was touching him. And it was enough, it was definitely enough, but he was beyond any kind of restraint and he wanted to have exactly what he wanted.
Sometimes Steve wonders about that. It can't be that Iron Man
"I'll take that as a compliment," Tony said, and he kissed him, stroking him a little more firmly. Steve groaned against Tony's mouth as Tony licked into him, his kiss in time with the motion of his hand.
In Steve's fantasies, of course, Tony turned to him. In Steve's fantasies, Tony realized that Steve had been there for him all along, that Steve would never hurt him, that Steve had loved him all along.
For half a second, Steve was swamped by blind, unreasoning anger. All he could see was red. How the hell could she ask him that?
Steve tried again. "I could tell you something about myself you don't know. Something you'd never guess."
"The chestplate can't keep the flowers away," Yinsen says.
At the edge of Tony's increasingly-limited field of vision, something orange flickered, over by where he remembered the escalators being. That was probably Tigra, heading up to help Thor. The rest of the team had this covered. That was good. Something to be proud of. He hadn't had that bad a life, had he, all things considered?
"Trust me," Tony said. "I know what I'm doing. It would be my absolute pleasure to tie you up and hit you exactly as much as you want."
Eventually Tony did up the last of his buttons over the port in his sternum -- Steve understood now why Tony might have wanted to keep his chest covered up -- tied his tie credibly well considering that he didn't have a mirror to check it in, and looked up. He seemed a fair bit more comfortable now that he wasn't naked, although he still wasn't what Steve would have called
Carol's lips parted. "Steve?" she asked, a little more sharply, and there was real distress in her voice now. "Steve, what's wrong? You look like hell."
Tony stopped. "The
"No," Tony says, still vicious. "I mean, he doesn't remember
And, okay, yeah, he could admit it: he was a little bit curious about who it was and what they liked. Maybe they could trade some tips. Tony had been single for-- well, since Indries, and he didn't want to think about her. It had been a while since he'd really gotten to play with someone. Maybe the mysterious box-owner could recommend a good dungeon. A fellow Avenger would have the same need for privacy as Tony did.
None of the rest of the team is around, so it's just him and Iron Man in the kitchen as Steve sets two slices of pizza margherita on his plate and Iron Man slurps iced coffee through a straw.
Eyes bright, Steve grinned down at him. "Nope."
Steve frowned. He clearly wasn't going to be able to think through this in his current state of mind. "What?"
They burned.
Jan glared at him. "
And sometimes, very rarely, he gets it.
It was going to be impossible for Steve to get over him at this rate.
After a few seconds, Tony turned over and stretched out. His head slid all the way down into Steve's lap.
"Yes, I do," Steve said, with every ounce of confidence in him. "I can't promise I'm going to be any good, but I can promise that."
, yes--
Tony took a deep breath. "Okay. So this all started maybe seven, eight months ago. I'd been asked to do some consulting work on an AI project, helping map and decode an artificial intelligence that S-- uh, the person who had it couldn't access." Tony's face went through about four different expressions and they were all increasingly bad, and Steve had no idea what any of that meant. "Anyway, long story short, it turned out that Sun-- I mean, my client, she was keeping Jocasta against her will, and had intended to coerce her into running weapons systems. And I'd been hired because she knew I was familiar with Jocasta's code and could get Jocasta running again, but she thought she could, uh." Tony made another face. "She thought she could distract me from figuring out that it was Jocasta I was working on. Didn't work. So I broke Jocasta out, obviously. I wasn't just going to leave her there."
He wished that were true. It wasn't.
There were vivid spots of color high in Tony's cheeks, shame or anger. Maybe both. Tony didn't know, couldn't know, that Tiberius was saying this because Steve was here. Because he knew Steve was in love with Tony. Because it made him happy to force Steve to listen to his lies. Because he was going to keep twisting the knife until the last possible moment.
. One meeting didn't prove a damn thing. Steve knew that. Tony should have known that. Tiberius definitely should have known that. It was all rumors. It was a manufactured story.
"You're not getting out of here," Steve says, defiant, determined.
"No," Steve said, frowning. "Well, maybe. It's just that Happy Hogan drove both of us here, but it doesn't look like Tony's ready to leave yet."
Tony watches Steve stumble inside, bloodied, swaying on his feet, but he left Doom behind him, so he must have won. He sketches the bones of the tale to the rest of the team -- the Phoenix Force. Possession. The battle.
"No-- I-- I'm sorry-- I didn't mean-- I'm sorry." Steve stammered his way through the apology. God, he was saying it all wrong. "I was trying to say that we've made up. We've talked it all out. All of that is over. It's forgiven. Everyone makes mistakes. I don't hold any of them against you." He held out his hands, imploring. Tony was still trembling where he stood. "And you know I've made mistakes too," he continued. "Hell, there was that time we were going up against Korvac and I took a swing at you." He'd felt terrible then. He felt worse now. "I'm not perfect. I know that. And I hope you wouldn't hold my mistakes against me, either."
Well, okay, he could have been. But he didn't know how to say any of it.
"Steve?" Tony asked, brow furrowed in concern. "Pretty sure your face isn't supposed to be that shade of white. You okay there?"
Iron Man shuffles forward and brandishes the bowl, his hand thrust out like it's the most aggressive present in the entire world. Steve takes it, has a piece, just to be polite, and then sets the bowl on the little table next to the couch.
He looked like he'd honestly convinced himself that Steve wasn't ever going to want to touch him again now that Steve knew he was queer, and that was so terrible that Steve couldn't bear thinking about it.
He also can't tell Iron Man that Mr. Stark doesn't like him, because that would be downright cruel.
Tony's mouth quirked, like he'd made an amazing discovery. "Nice. Want to go for three?" he murmured.
"I just... really hope he makes you happy," Mr. Stark says. "That's all."
"For reporting the news?" Tiberius snorted. "I believe I heard you talking about first-amendment rights earlier, Captain. Or are you telling me that Captain America doesn't support freedom of the press?"
Tony got it. One of Tony's fingers slid away from his balls, slid gently back and back, and it was dry but Steve knew he could take it, he'd taken a couple of his own fingers dry and it had been great, and this was
When he saw who Steve was pointing out, Hank laughed again, which was what Steve had wanted, wasn't it? So why was it making him feel worse?
"Look," Tony says, sounding defensive, even though Steve hasn't made a sound, "I just like to feel pretty, okay? It's not a crime."
Well, then. Apparently Tony was just going to give away Steve's secret identity.
Tiberius stepped to one side as the curtain behind him began to lift, and he held out a hand to the tableau within. The set looked like an ordinary living room in this century: a couple of couches, a cabinet, potted plants, a recliner, a big-screen TV. Next to the recliner was a desk with a computer on it. There seemed to be more wires coming from the computer than were strictly necessary, Steve thought. Not that this was his area of expertise.
"I don't lie," Steve said. "You can't make everyone do anything you want, you know. In fact, now it's going to be no one."
From Steve's vantage point, only Tiberius' back was visible. And while Tony had obviously showered and dressed, Tiberius hadn't. He was wearing a robe. It was one of Tony's robes.
Steve carries Tony forward.
That would be an immensely cruel thing to do, and Steve can't see why Mr. Stark would be that cruel to anyone, much less his trusted bodyguard.
in a way he's never wanted anything else in his life. It isn't frightening at all. It feels natural. It feels right. It feels like the easiest thing in the world.
As usual, Tony is halfway across the apartment, gesturing wildly and talking a mile a minute. "So how about I get some protein into you before you leave? I make a mean omelette. Or, if you have, uh, other needs you'd like some help with, I'm definitely not opposed to taking you to bed--"
Tony can't stand up. How exactly does he think this is going to work?
Steve's been there. And, hell, it's not like Captain America can have a breakdown in public either. He's gotten good at not thinking about things like that, things that he doesn't want to deal with. If it's going to hurt him, he just... pushes the thought away. Locks it up with the rest of the horrors, back down with the frozen tableaus of men who died in 1945. A shrink might say that's not a good idea, but the first psychiatrist whose name comes to Steve's mind is also a vampire pterodactyl, so on balance Steve thinks professional therapy has a few too many hazards for someone like him to make it worthwhile.
Tony considers this. Steve's used to watching Tony think, and it's obvious that Tony's thinking much slower than normal. A decision that should have been instant takes several seconds, as Tony's brow furrows in thought. This shouldn't be a hard question.
"Back to the topic at hand, then," Steve said, and Jan gave him an encouraging smile. "But, first, is there something I should know about Wanda and... the rest of them?"
"Well," Steve says, wrong-footed but nonetheless full of determination, "I'm very serious."
"You can't know that for sure," Steve counters. "And I don't need to know your secrets. I've told you that. As far as I'm concerned, I know who you are. I know the important things. I know I love you."
Everything was finally,
Thor nodded. "Aye, Captain."
"All set." Tony's voice is brisk. "What I've got planned for today is mostly some Resilient paperwork and maybe some work on the armor if I finish that early enough, but you know how much I always appreciate your help, Commander."
The pause before Tony replied was telling. "Jarvis only reports to me if—"
"Hi yourself." Steve gave him a sideways grin, and shifted slightly on the stool so Tony had a better view, incidentally taking more of his weight. It still gave Tony a small thrill to know that he wouldn't be shoved aside, hadn't been since that first horrible day when he had been determined to prove his father wrong about Captain America (because his father had never been right about anything important) and, paradoxically, to impress the World War II superhero; his attempt at both failing spectacularly.
Tony's eyes opened, blinked a couple of times, then he smiled at Steve with such sweetness that, for a moment, it drove everything but desire out of Steve's head. "Hey," he said.
"Tony made battle armour for his friends. Including his girlfriend, Patricia Potts, usually known as Pepper. 'Rescue' is her code name."
Tony closed his eyes for a moment. "I'm not sure I can cope with a giant Hank Pym."
"T'Challa, don't. Just don't."
The suit was already dismantling itself and flying into a semi-circular niche in the curving wall, where it reassembled and powered down, leaving its occupant standing on the dais, clad in a rumpled dress shirt and expensive black pants.
It was ludicrous, impossible, yet Tony was certain it was true. He was also certain that Steve was becoming more and more agitated as the explanation progressed...
At least he wasn't going to drown after all.
"Two and a half hours ago."
Had Captain America really just accused Fury and SHIELD of supplying alien tech – though, of course, they didn't know it was alien tech – to the USAF?
"Don't let him. He'll only wake him. I'll do it in a moment. Meanwhile, I think we'll hold on the pizza. Tony needs sleep more than food. I've never seen him look so tired."
And he'd been wrong about the vegetation; it wasn't a uniform jungle. Some of it was shorter, and that shorter tangle of grasses and weeds that ran in two straight lines, a little wider than tyre tracks, towards the stretch of creek that lay in shadow under the face of a cliff, just before it entered the pool.
And all the time the blood pounding in his ears seemed to whisper, "Steve, Steve, Steve, Steve."
Clean energy, but a kind that changed the landscape irreparably. Steve wondered if Tony Stark's work would make these engineering masterpieces obsolete.
"That's horrible! I can't believe— or perhaps I can. I know you won't ask because you know the rules, but I'll talk to the boss when he gets back."
"Uhuh. Looks more like the press— Yeah, Jarvis is picking up their transmission."
"We can test that in court," Fury pointed out.
"I don't know," Tony replied. "I'm not sure I know you anymore. What I do know is that your loyalties are now divided between SI and SHIELD. Apparently, I'm left out in the cold."
With breathtaking suddenness, Mjolnir shot from where it was lying at Steve's side, dragging him by the loop through his belt towards the nearest wall. Tony and Natasha, as one, threw themselves after him as the Ancient One raised her hands and shouted words that neither of them understood, even before the sounds themselves began to lengthen and deepen, as if a recording was slowing almost to a stop. The hammer speed faltered along with the Ancient One's words though it remained airborne – and so did Steve. That enabled Tony to reach for Steve's belt and pull it away from his body, so Natasha, who had produced a knife from somewhere – had Tony imagined her into existence with hidden knives or had she done that herself? – slashed through the leather.
Tony took to the air, rocketing after them, hand repulsors firing. He was too late. The two mercenaries leaped into the portal but the Hulk was at their heels.
"Some of it," Steve said. "I mean, that people have been to the Moon, is like stepping into a science fiction story. And that Germany and Japan are now peaceful democracies, that's great. The internet is fantastic..."
"You have every excuse to brood," Tony was saying. "None of us can replace those you lost, but you do have friends, Steve. So talk to me, huh? You haven't forgotten how to talk, right? No Loki-style gag?"
"They are well trained and loyal to White Wolf. They may try to break him loose."
Fury rolled his eye and ignored that. "Hill says you went looking for Captain America, even after she told you he was as good as dead."
He had a feeling that Virgil was thinking much the same thing because he only said, "I'll tell her she hasn't been dumped but I'll leave you to tell her why," and rang off.
"All the people involved in creating the... process that gave me these so-called powers are dead," Steve said. "Have been for a while."
"Steve," he said. "I'm sorry. You were upset last night—"
"I've been here before, remember? That summer when Mom had been ill and Howard sent her and my father out here for a vacation."
"A very convenient accident," Tony retorted.
"No experimental data, obviously. But it takes about a minute for blood to circulate the human body."
Jan shrugged in response.
Fury. Oh, shit. He would undoubtedly provide them with someone to drive them back to their hotel, and, equally undoubtedly, take as much advantage of Tony's current lack of control as he could. There were far too many secrets the Director would love to know.
Steadying himself on the boot-thrusters, Tony wiped blood from the eye-slit sensors and looked down at the scattered and splattered newspeople with a certain amount of satisfaction.
. My samples are all sealed in vacuum right now – but I wouldn't like to bet how many pieces of tech are stored in garages or hung on the walls of dens – or Chitauri bodies cached in freezers or rotting somewhere out of sight and stink. But the real danger is, as Cap suggests, your 'leviathans'. And if they haven't already been moved out of Manhattan – in which case they're someone else's problem – I'm going to shift them myself to the bottom of the Atlantic. Tonight."
"No to all three. There's a chance I may still be needed in Seattle and Thor tells me Steve has to rest." Jan would have his head when he got back to New York and he was all for putting that off for as long as possible. "I'll let you know when I have anything else, and how you can help. That's all, folks."
"PTSD – Post Traumatic Stress Disorder," Fury had said. "They called it Battle Fatigue in your day, and Shell Shock before that. You're neither the first nor the last to experience it, soldier."
"It's nice up here, but I don't fancy making love in the open with all these insects about. There are comfortable beds back at the cabin," Steve added hopefully.
Steve wasn't worried. Anyone who had the reflexes to pilot the Iron Man suit, with or without Jarvis's assistance, wasn't going to crash a car worth – well, a lot. He wasn't going to ask how much.
This left Steve free to head for the workshop. Tony, it appeared, had finished working on the armour, though his manufacturing bots had not, but he made no protest when Steve herded him upstairs to the master bedroom.
"He's my fiancé," Tony said. "His name's Stevens, soon to be changed to Stark. Or Stark-Stevens. Or Stevens-Stark. Whatever."
"Yeah." Tony pulled back to arm's length and Steve let him. Plainly, Tony was back in control of himself. "Apart from some of the weaponry. They've been reluctant to get rid of all the Hammertech rubbish, but there's something else, something I can't get to the bottom of."
"What can I get you?" Steve asked. "Bruce and I have been having a late breakfast, and there's pancake mixture left, and plenty of bacon and eggs. Bruce tells me he makes a great omelette."
"Bless you, but I'm just being an anxious grandma," Marilyn told him. "You look after yourself. At least until you get this will signed. Bye."
The building was shaking, folding in on itself, the machines toppling, their operators sliding across the roof.
"Can they do that?" Steve asked in horror.
"By not dying if they eat this herb of yours?"
He headed for what he supposed was the truck.
"Would the process work on people?" he asked.
"Of course," he answered. "If it's necessary. That's why you're the moral centre of the Avengers, rather than me. But you don't need to compromise yourself. You aren't Captain America any longer. You don't need to sign the Accords."
God, he was so tired, and he wanted so much...
He resisted it, but he was grinning from ear to ear as he made his way downstairs.
Tony strode into the conference room, ignoring residual pain and an incipient headache and made his way to the head of the table – or what passed for the head of an oval table.
He'd been waiting and wondering if that might change, at least for a short time, ever since the call from Natasha at midnight.
Frigga smiled at him. "That my son would risk that wrath to save your life was enough to assure me that it was the right thing to do. Besides, Thor feels the loss of friends very deeply. I would not have him deal with that again, if it is within my power."
It was much harder than it should have been to think of the correct answer.
"Tony did," Steve said. "At least, it responded to him."
The long curve of the reception desk appeared deserted. Jarvis hadn't dropped the screens, and the damage was high above it so Tony believed – hoped, prayed – that everyone behind it had followed their instincts and dropped to the floor behind the desk.
The strange this-is-not-Makluan (at least according to Gene) device sat on one of the benches in Tony's workshop and sneered at him. He had probed it remotely with every instrument at his disposal and found absolutely nothing. If it had internal structure it was on a level below nanotech. What looked like embedded circuitry turned out to be decoration. Pressing what looked like buttons had no effect. He'd even tried to contact it with Extremis, but the thing just sat there. If it contained any electronics they were not contemporary Earth tech.
T'Challa answered at once in a voice which, though slightly muffled, was so like White Wolf's that Tony almost believed the other man had been transformed. The warrior hesitated, and now T'Challa's voice was angry and heavy with command.
"Let's hope I don't," Steve said absently, turning slowly around. The airfield stretched away like a concrete desert, weeds emphasising the cracks in the runway, the buildings roofless and boarded up... except for the great hangar towering to their right, shadowing half the airfield with its bulk.
"I love you too, sweetie," Jan said. "See you in a few."
"What the hell do you know about it?" Tony demanded, as bellicosely as he could manage.
"The crew could, you know, have been Asgardians," Tony said. "Two of them gave physical readings closer to yours than baseline human."
"Jan's found the parachutes' location," Danvers' voice said in his ear. "But I'll have to take us down into a little more atmosphere. We'll have to depressurise if you're gonna open a hatch."
Below them lay a wide coastal plain, bounded on three sides by terraced hills. Sunlight bounced blindingly off long lakes, studded with emerald islands. Beyond them lay an ocean so blue it made the sky look pale.
There were two light sources. One was too far away to even think about investigating right now. The other, though... the other was the blue-white light of the arc reactor.
"Was that good?" Tony asked, dropping the tissues he had been using to clean them both to one side and wrapping both arms around Steve's chest.
"Yes, sir." The guard looked down under the counter. "Do you want me to contact Mr Jarvis, sir?"
The Avengers are on the move, and receive help from an unexpected quarter.
And neither did he. He should have kept his mouth shut and let Steve deal with it.
Tony automatically calculated the sightlines and winced. No wonder the lobby was almost silent. Too many people who had not managed a quick exit were crouched behind the potted palms and figs, or the banked seating.
"So," Steve said to Danvers, as he started back towards the house, signalling to the women to follow him. "What did you expect from Iron Man, Colonel?"
It was only the beginning: Tony seemed determined to educate him in modern science – at least the bits of it that interested Tony – as well as those very recent events in politics, history and popular culture that Tony thought he would need to in twenty first century society. ("You can fill in the gaps later.") All this was flung at him at a speed that left him struggling to keep pace, because the more he managed to absorb, the faster Tony fed it to him, usually while working on something else entirely.
Spears continued to be rattled, the crowd plainly in an angry mood, judging by the tone of their chanting. At once, Hunter reacted by reaching out to touch T'Challa's arm and speaking to him, though the words were inaudible in the shouting.
"And if Director Fury tries to use his cell while I'm controlling it, sir?" Jarvis's voice was at its most pained.
With vast tracts of the North West US and Canada and what seemed like an infinite amount of the Pacific rotating imperceptibly below him, he hovered on the repuslors and tried to stop himself shaking.
Besides, these flashes of the worst clips from a badly made movie in his mind were the only way he would ever see Bucky and Peggy again...
But this wasn't admiration or gratitude; this was new and not immediately understandable.
"Did you never refuse to obey an order, Cap?" Tony snarled. "'Cos that's not the way I heard it from Dad. He said you always did what you thought was right, and damn the consequences. That's why you're here, and not on the helicarrier."
"I cannot prevent her," Hunter said. "She is Wakandan, of the Panther Tribe, and its Chiefs. The magics of the Panther God that conceal and protect Wakanda will not affect her."
Tony dropped into a crouch, aiming the captured gun at the nearest group of warriors and pulling the trigger. But the gun failed to fire. Swearing, Tony reached behind him for the gun tucked into his belt – the gun T'Challa had passed to him; White Wolf's gun – even as a Hatut Zeraze warrior loomed over him, spear drawn back. Tony discharged the gun directly in his face.
Pepper, as ever, ignored him. She grasped the artefact in her bare hands, lifting it from the bench and turning as she squinted at it.
"You're staring, Tony," Jan chided him.
Oh, wonderful.
Surely no one had been fool enough to put the stones together in a Gauntlet – and the ones on Earth had been destroyed in one or other of the Snaps, including his. Everyone on that battlefield knew better, knew to keep the stones separate before they were returned to the moment and place from which they had been removed.
Tony whirled in a circle, and, yes, there was the Hulk, further up Park, thrusting two yellow cabs aside as he strode between them. How had he gotten there?
The Doombot ignored all three of them. "The thing of magic you are hiding. Where is it?" it demanded.
"I said Special Projects, Steve, not Energy. They're not working on the ARC reactor project."
And did Thor have to use that damn L-word?
For a moment he seriously considered heading south to his old home in Malibu and putting all this behind him.
The Iron Man stood in the air, inches above rustling crowns of the rain forest trees. From this vantage point, using the HUD nightsight, he could see the unnaturally abrupt change to savannah on the open plain at Wakanda's borders.
"It worries it me that Bruce is still missing."
The Smartphone videos of that had been blurry, particularly when blown up in the hope of getting detail, but they had been enough to bring Bruce on the line even as Tony reached the Tower, and he had landed with the other man's voice in his ears.
"Bruce, Bruce,
"Maybe he thinks he's at the Tower," Jan warned, "as he's sure to have seen Hank's performance in New York. But there was enough in General Ross's study to convince me that his research group was still in business, as you suspected, Tony. One thing you need to know right now, boys, is that Ross knows – or, more precisely, thinks he knows – that Steve's dead. And he's desperate to get his hands on your body, Cap."
Jan winked at him, and dragged Hank into the SUV.
Wind snatched at them but the Iron Man armour was more than equal to its power as they descended at speed into the storm. Rain clattered from the armour and from Cap's helmet, obscuring both vision and sound.
He didn't get it.
"Thanks." Steve beckoned Happy to come with him, which he did without demur. Once they were out of Iron Man's hearing, he asked, in a low voice, "You got a first aid kit in there too?"
"Two of them are not consistent with the human norm."
Steve suddenly recognised that cold, focused expression on Tony's face. He'd not seen it often since the Helicarrier, when he had been its target. Tony was white because he was blazingly angry, though Steve had no idea why.
Steve shrugged, and wished he hadn't, though he managed to conceal the pain. "That fuel's limited, so I'm told, and all the really flammable stuff went up with the first explosion." He glanced at Tony in what he hoped the other man could interpret as a warning. "Now we have a moment, I'd be grateful if someone would tell us exactly what happened here."
Fuck and fuck again. And he hadn't noticed. Which meant that even if Jarvis should deploy the armour – and he had no reason to do so without a signal from Tony or until three days had passed without contact – it wouldn't be able to find him. He should have called the armour at the border while he'd had the chance...
Selvig ruffled his stubble with the back of his hand and an air of satisfaction. "Ah. So it is you."
Steve, however, had slid sideways past Jan and was now striding forward. "Tony, Bruce, what's wrong?"
Except for something he shouldn't have, memories of Tony that seemed to belong to more than one person...
"Do you really think that – SHIELD – that
"Happy would rather be with you. And he's just as good a bodyguard as he is a chauffeur – which is very good indeed. Keeping him with me was just indulgent, Pep – he was great for Tony Stark but he couldn't keep up with Iron Man."
He tried to roll in midair, with no idea where the floor was, and hit hard on his side, his head banging against the floor in reaction, all the breath driven out of his body.
And Steve, Tony knew, was still burning that torch for a woman who might or might not still be alive, whose living, breathing double he had encountered on the battlefield.
"Sir, she is on her way to the penthouse and she is accompanied by SHIELD agent Sharon Carter."
"Hush, hush. Steve, don't cry,
Tony was suddenly still. "So, so, so you remember that, huh?"
Once they had gone, Steve turned to Iron Man – and damn it, the faceplate was still down. He inclined his head towards the two aircraft marked with the Avengers' symbol and raised an eyebrow.
"Jarvis, is Captain Rogers in his apartment?"
"A mugging that took a chunk out of the perimeter wall? And left smoke rising on the other side in the grounds?"
"I'm still Enhanced," Steve pointed out. "And I protected a fugitive, a murderer and assassin, a Hydra agent. Resisted arrest. Defied international law. Probably committed treason. They'll put me in jail and throw away the key. And then do the same to you for harbouring a known criminal. They can do what they like to me, but I'm not going to let that happen to you."
The silence from the tower was becoming distinctly uncomfortable.
Then there was James Rhodes – Tony had not only allowed him to keep the stolen armour but upgraded and tailored it for him. Rhodes had plainly wanted to be a superhero, and Tony had indulged him. Even now he had not demanded its return.
Tony held out a hand.
Finally, he burst out onto a metal surface tilting to the right under the light of hazy stars. A massive tower loomed to his left, and an aircraft slid along the – deck? – in front of him.
"There
Hands – not his own – were holding him upright and Stark was asking him, urgently, if he was all right.
"A SHIELD agent possibly with concussion, or pretending to have concussion," was Howard's response.
"Dr Henry Pym arrived back this afternoon. He and Jan have retired to their quarters and hung a metaphorical 'Do Not Disturb Unless the World is Ending' notice on the door. A pity Potts is no longer here. Watching her talk to him would be ideal."
Tony nodded. "We know she had family. And, though Dad was dead by then, Stark Industries would have helped financially if necessary. He'd created a trust for the survivors of the wartime SSR who were in need." The dark eyes blinked. "You know, I never thought of it before, but I guess that's all yours now, because you're the only one left. I'll get the lawyers to look into it.
"Well, I could start by telling you that the weapon you're pointing at me is useless. They're keyed to a single person. Go on, fire it at me."
"And just how many family members are we talking about?"
And Tony had sent all the Avengers undercover for a reason, which had not gone away. Eventually, he would have to go, and the longer he stayed the worse the loneliness would be.
"What?" Steve looked at Tony in surprise. "Why would you stop him checking on Peggy's past?
dreaming this, deep below the Arctic Ocean. Except he had no memory of dreaming there and Bucky, Peggy, Howard, Dum-Dum... all of his people... would all still be dead. Nor would the Avengers exist.
The firing stopped, though neither side made any move to lay down their arms.
"He's here?" Steve hated himself for his own fear. He only hoped Fandral could not hear it in his voice. They had sent Loki back to Asgard, and Thor had promised he would be brought to justice. But how did you deal out justice to a god? And he was Thor's adopted brother, Odin's adopted son, and Frigga...?
"I don't believe Captain Rogers has any intention—"
"On my way back to you." Tony sounded a little harried, but there was no alarm in his voice. "Contact was just a two-seater prop on a night flight. I think I scared him out of his skin, but he was good enough not to crash his ride. He's far behind and far away now. I'm about to hand over to Jarvis and resume an attempt to sleep. Over and out."
"No. The only way we'll keep things moving and penetrating worldwide markets is to take manufacturing worldwide and
Jarvis did not answer.
"Yes, sir?" Jarvis had bored and British down pat.
"You met Peggy?" Steve was vaguely aware that his childlike wonder at this must be obvious to Tony, but he didn't really care.
"I could ask the same of you," Jan responded lazily, from behind her Martini glass.
"I appreciate your confidence, sir," Jarvis said dryly.
The gates were swinging open, not wide, but just wide enough to let their party through.
"Still no contact?" he asked Jarvis for the twentieth time.
"Good boy," Pepper said, with an impish smile it was impossible not to return. "Off you go."
"They have," Rhodes shot back. "Of course they have. But the repuslors in the suit and the transport units have almost nothing in common with your repulsor patents and, according to Velasco, those shouldn't have been granted in the first place because, and I quote, 'Physics doesn't work that way.'"
Suddenly ravenously hungry, he inspected the interior of the refrigerator. Most of the fresh food was soft, slimy, dried up or growing mould, so he drained a bottle of mineral water and went searching for Power bars and chocolate.
"And you're not a stranger here?" the agents' leader, a tall, Asian woman, demanded. She, at least, was not intimidated. "Whose side are you on?"
"I remember the last time you flattered me, Tony. Unlike you, I learn from my experience. So don't hold your breath. Give my love to Pepper. Ciao."
"No, I can't take your bed. Hank will—" He tried to get to his feet, but was stopped by Jan's hand on his chest.
"I was not. As you know, communications with my main servers were lost when Iron Man entered the hurricane, and the Jarvis-download was wiped during the fight in its eye."
Tony groaned and shook his head. "I asked for that, didn't I? Come on, stir your bones, old man." Somehow or other, he unfastened the sword-belt and, leaving the sword propped against the wall, hauled Steve to his feet and half-carried him to the master bedroom.
He had little time to sightsee, though, because the Master ushered them through double doors and into another room, this one more conventionally furnished in a vaguely Asiatic style.
"Sir, analysis indicates the blades are monofilaments and charged—"
"Extremely," Tony said promptly. "Tried the Mormons yet? I'd love to think they'd posthumously recruited Coulson. Granddad still there?"
But that hadn't been Tony's decision.
The walkway led to a real verandah and a door into the main building. Steve opened it a crack and peered inside. Beyond was a small, empty room. Steve kept his left hand on Tony's arm, with his right resting on the butt of the holstered gun as he stepped through.
It was only then that the memory of Thor as he would be today, as he had been at the Battle of New York made him catch his breath. It was such a dreadful contrast to Thor as he had been in the days of their defeat. But Thor had an excuse. He had lost everything but had still, at the last, fought for others. Tony knew how easy it was to turn to alcohol for comfort. Luckily, for him, he'd always had someone, be it his mother, Edwin and Ana Jarvis, Rhodey or Pepper... He'd never lost everything...
"You've put my bike on a roof, Stark. I'm not even sure which one."
Tony looked at his father with what he suspected was an obvious air of disappointment. "He was bursting out of that SHIELD uniform, and he seemed confused," was all he could come up with.
"The truck—?
Ah, she was testing him in her turn. Luckily, two and two suddenly made five. "Oh, Phil Coulson's old grandpappy. Glad he was one of yours," Tony said.
Tony gave a fractional nod, making a personal vow never to go anywhere without the armour again. He wished he knew where Steve was and what he was doing, though he and Okoye had plainly completed their task and made their escape. They had been ordered to head for safety and he wished with all his heart that he could believe that Steve was following that order.
The letter started, "My darling Steve," and Tony felt his stomach tense. Even if Steve didn't believe that Peggy had written or dictated the letter – or perhaps especially if he believed she hadn't – that must hurt.
There was no arguing with that. "Okay, but for Heaven's sake find yourself a first aid kit and deal with that cut before it gets infected," Steve ordered.
"He's just flattering me," Steve said. "Meanwhile, hadn't you better shower and change? You're extremely late already and Pepper is going to kill you."
Suddenly, he knew what he had been looking for earlier.
Before he reached it, though, a spear buried itself in the ground inches from his hand, penetratingly nearly two feet deep into hard-packed earth. Tony threw himself sideways into a shoulder roll, expecting a second spear to follow. Instead, the second warrior had leaped from the walkway and was also heading for the fallen gun.
Tony's first feeling was relief. The Hulk had broken loose and found his way back to New York... Bruce was alive and here...
Tony called to the armour, relief flowing through him as it responded. But he diverted it so, instead of encasing him, it enfolded Steve, except for the other gauntlet, which flew to Tony's bare hand.
And Steve...
"Never mind." Steve peered up at the high cliffs and the softly lit building that crowned them. "I don't... It could be Tony's house out on the West coast. I've seen pictures of it. Though not from this angle."
"Next you'll be saying that it's not her but you," Virgil said dryly.
It was Jarvis who answered, the traitor. "Originally, yes, Captain, but she has already sent her apologies to Mrs Arbogast. Indeed, she did so some hours ago."
"You still think I'm this Captain America, don't you?"
Then North was beside him. "Call it off!" he snarled, and Tony felt the burn of the knife blade against his throat. "Call—" There was an electronic crackle and both knife and men fell away. Something, an insect maybe, though it seemed heavier than that – but, hey, Africa! – landed on Tony's wrist. He attempted to shake it off, but his movement was too restricted. Fuck it, it was probably going to bite—
Steve charged the armoured figure, which moved with surprising speed, and this time the blasts were aimed at him. He dodged, closed, and kicked up at the armoured face. All that happened was that the robot took a step backwards, but at least it was focused on him now, and not at Howard, or the crashed cars.
A slight imbalance in the armour, automatically corrected by Jarvis, told Tony that Steve had leaped away and was now falling into the trees behind the presumably-armed livebodies.
"Of course." Tony's eyes narrowed. "I may ask for a favour in return, though?"
"In this case, sir, anything connected with the new Seattle installation."
Steve glared at him, hating the way he couldn't see Tony's face, couldn't guess what he was thinking. Not that what Tony was thinking or feeling had been at all clear since – since his own return from Asgard, from death. "Yes, darn it, I feel like that," he snapped, "and Jarvis's first loyalty is to you. I know damn well that you have him watching me – have done since the beginning."
"Possibly," T'Challa admitted, "but then you would not be my responsibility."
It felt like victory.
North was unperturbed. "I'm still hoping Rogers will try to rescue you," he replied. "I'm told we have at least four potential buyers for him, or at least his blood."
"Hi yourself." Her appearance might have been Western, but her voice was pure New York. "Aren't you all grown up now?" She stroked her chin with her fingers, miming a beard.
At least he was never going to go through a break-up with Mrs Arbogast.
Steve shrugged. "I didn't ask. I take all this—" He waved a hand at the tangled cables and disembowelled circuitry, "—means you weren't able to contact Jarvis."
Through the grey pre-dawn twilight Steve could see the navigation lights of a strangely-shaped aircraft that reminded him nothing so much as a miniature version of the
"... holding up," Steve was saying. "Burying himself in his work. Drinking too much."
"Loki was lent another Infinity Stone, the Mind Stone, disguised as a sceptre, to help him conquer Earth. The mastermind behind it was a powerful alien warlord called Thanos, and within the next six years Thanos had accomplished his aim, to create what he thought of as 'balance' by killing half the living things in the entire universe using an Infinity Gauntlet containing all six Stones..."
That wasn't the reply Tony had expected. "No?"
If she was even alive.
follows #herospot on Twitter."
"Oh, you can bet they will..." Bruce answered.
"Steve, what's wrong?" Tony asked. "When I woke up and you'd gone, I was  scared you'd lef— you'd decided sex with me was a mistake."
It shocked Rhodes into nearly a minute's silence. Finally, he said, trying for innocence and not quite succeeding, "This means that someone has perfected the super-soldier serum, right?"
"And you think I need... money?"
"I'm so sorry," Steve said, because he figured that was a good start.
"No kidding," Steve said.
This, Steve supposed, was an advantage to having a lot of roommates.
"Blech ugh mmf," Tony said, and he would have spat but it probably wasn't the best idea in a cockpit.
He drops the identicard on the dresser as Tony, his gaze not quite tracking right, tries to raise his bound hands in Steve's direction. It's not easy, since his arms are still behind his back, but his intentions are clear.
He fumbles for the case one-handed -- so he doesn't have to take his hand off Tony's side -- and sets it on the bed next to Tony. There's a terrible half-second of blank staring before recognition finally flickers into Tony's eyes.
"True," Tony said. That was probably enough talking for right now. "I go high, you go low?"
Steve's whole body was curled protectively over Tony, his head bent, and hot tears dripped down onto Tony's face.
While he'd been parrying verbally, one of Carol's jabs had gotten in past his guard, slamming into his ribs, and he couldn't breathe for half a second. She was pulling her punches, of course, but even so she was still pretty damn strong. It hurt. But that was good, in a way. It gave him a focus. He understood pain. He could handle pain.
Tony turned Steve's statement over in his head like code he was trying to reverse-engineer. Picked at it. Took a leap.
"Oh." Tony echoes the sound. "Oh, that's gorgeous." He's still slurring his words. "That for me? Gonna give that to me?" He licks his lips once more, opens his mouth wide.
Steve's face went hot, but he lifted his head anyway. He'd done the right thing. He wasn't ashamed of it. And Tony wasn't going to make him feel sorry for it. He had no idea what he was going to say, but this was happening right now anyway.
"I'll get you a washcloth," Steve offers. "Just let me get the rest of this first, all right?"
Tony was smiling wide, his eyes fallen shut. "Oh," he breathed. "Oh, you feel so
"You don't know him," Mr. Stark says. His voice is hard. Cold. "You
Tony's weary sigh made the vocal filters crackle with static. "Great. Anyone have any thoughts as to
. Steve could feel his fists clenching. He hoped his hands were out of the shot.
After everything Mr. Stark had said the last time Steve talked to him, after all his well-wishing, it comes down to this. Mr. Stark is upset that Iron Man is the one who's with Steve. Which is perfectly understandable, given that Steve rejected him, but the fact that Mr. Stark felt he had to lie about it up until now is absolutely
Tony sighed. "I'll get back to you on that."
Steve's phone rang. Jan must have been right there waiting for his message. Geez. She was probably very, very upset, then. He flipped the phone open and pressed it to his ear as the call connected.
Iron Man's head tips downward, and Steve can see his eyes flicker shut behind the mask.
Even worse, this time Mordo was clearly hedging his bets: the first blast of light was quickly followed up with a second, two bolts of green lightning streaking across the room in Tony's direction.
Ghost is laughing. "What, like the knight?"
He has a few seconds while Ghost is too stunned to move. He fumbles blindly, shoves something to the side that must be Ghost's cloak, and then his fingers close around the drive. He yanks it upwards, and as soon as the drive is no longer touching Ghost, it's visible again, in his hands--
They stop before sliding out completely. There's nothing but air beneath Steve's head, beneath his upper back, and that's when he realizes that the winds he expects to sting his skin this high up are actually blowing right through him. God.
It isn't like Steve was trying to hurt him. "I'm sorry. I hope you find someone who makes you happy."
Watching him, Steve licked his lips. "Do I-- do I get to see you now, Tony?" he asked. "I've been good. Haven't I been good?"
"No." Tony's voice is tight in his throat. "It's urgent."
"I don't know if you'd be interested," Mr. Stark begins, "but I've got two tickets to the Yankees game tomorrow. And I know that you're-- I mean, Iron Man told me that you're a baseball fan, even if you're probably not a Yankees fan. But the VIP area is really something else, and I thought-- I thought maybe you might want to come with me."
The only bright spot was that on Friday morning Steve could finally take the splint off and start to use his hand again. But ten minutes after that that was also when the journalists had started besieging the Avengers with cries for Iron Man's resignation. Steve ignored them. Jan ignored them. They weren't beholden to the public, no one else got any input on the team roster, and anything they could say right now, any snap response, would just fan the flames. He and Jan could draft a PR statement, but it was important to get it right. They could take a little time. Surely they had a little time before they had to act.
"Nah, Steve's the sweetest," Tony said, faceplate pushed up now, in the privacy of their own home, smiling fondly at Steve. "I'm just along for the ride, really."
Tony squinted, like he was looking for the catch. "Really?"
Tiberius was abusing Tony. And Steve would bet his shield that Tony was nowhere near the first man he'd ever hurt. No one was born lying like that. He'd had practice. And somewhere, there was a trail of bodies. Steve could only hope they weren't literal bodies. Tiberius had probably threatened and bribed people to keep quiet. There had probably been non-disclosure agreements. But there must have been other men. And if Steve said the word, they'd start coming out, so to speak, of the woodwork.
"Radioactive Man could have
"Is that
"Everyone is fine," Steve said. The words sounded rehearsed, like Steve had been sitting here for hours planning what to tell him. Or maybe longer than that. And then he flashed a rueful grin and departed from the script. "Everyone except you, I mean. But you're going to be fine, too. It's Tuesday morning. You've been out for six days. You didn't miss Christmas," he added, which was thoughtful of him, because Tony had no idea what date it might have been. Math was currently beyond him. "You're at Columbia-Presbyterian. I didn't know if you had a hospital preference."
"What?"
"Yeah," Steve agreed, gratefully. "That."
Tony's mouth quirked. He just looked-- God, he looked so
The library door opened and then slammed shut.
He wouldn't have gotten up to get Steve if he didn't think Steve could do something for him. Steve knew that. Tony might not have known what he needed, but he knew Steve could help him find it. It was how their friendship often worked; they each knew what the other one needed. So Steve was here. Ready to help.
If there were any way to scratch him from the mission, Steve would. As it is, he's hoping he can get Tony to stand back, stay out of the way, and let him take the hits. Steve's still not exactly sure how he, personally, can defeat Ghost. Steve's never fought him before. Mostly he fights people he can just punch, and a fella with a high-tech costume that makes him invisible and intangible is more or less the definition of somebody Steve can't just punch. But he'll come up with a plan. He has to.
Mr. Stark's reply is now substantially brighter. "Captain! Come on in! Door's unlocked."
The sound Iron Man makes this time is a falling tone, half-mechanical. "I wish you could too," he says, and he sounds like it's killing him to admit this, like he thinks the need for human contact is a weakness. "No one does, really. No one has in a long time."
And that's when Tony gets it, because Tony balks. "You don't have to--"
The voice on the other side of the door definitely belongs to Iron Man, but even with the vocal filters, Steve can tell there's something
In an hour or so, Tony was going to walk back into his life. Everything was going to be okay.
Naturally, Mordo was unfazed. He just kept smiling. "Regret? Oh, Captain, I don't think I will. In fact, I'm planning to
"Wow," Tony said, incredulous. "Jesus. Nineteen
Thirty minutes.
From within one of his belt pouches, Steve's identicard beeped.
. Not yet. But Steve knew how he felt.
"Yeah," Steve said. "Brian Falsworth and Roger Aubrey. Union Jack and the Mighty Destroyer. They were together the entire time I knew them; they'd been together for years. Best friends their whole damn lives, too. I didn't meet Roger until we got him out of Nazi mind control. And Brian was so damn happy to have him back. They were in love. We all knew it. So, yeah, I've had gay teammates. For years, actually."
He's at Tony's feet now. He wraps his arms around Tony's legs, abased, a suppliant. "Keep me," he begs, and he doesn't know if he's still down or if he's coming up wrong but all he knows is that he never wants to go back to the darkness. "Keep me here, please, Tony, please. Keep me safe. I'll do whatever you want. Anything you want. I'm yours. Anything."
Tony licked his lips. "You can do more than just look."
But it was good advice. It would be better to do something, as terrible as the thought of doing anything other than curling up with his shield currently felt. But--
Somehow he suspected it wasn't going to be that easy.
"That sounds swell," Steve says, and he can't stop smiling, and when Iron Man looks back at him, almost shyly, the edges of his eyes are crinkled like he's smiling too. He must be. "
Tony offers him another smile -- still faint, but this time it's real. "Oh, probably, darling. But I asked Greg why you weren't there and Greg said you were tied up in here because you were still a vampire, and I said I needed to see you, and Greg said that wasn't a good idea, and I told him to go fuck himself, and then I got out of bed." He snorts. "Brothers, huh?"
"Let me know what you find out?"
But when the meeting is finally adjourned, Jan grabs his arm before he can leave, and as Hank and Thor file out, it's just the two of them left.
Steve's phone beeped again. It was definitely his phone, not his identicard. Sounded like a text message. That was good; it meant it wasn't an emergency. However, the Avengers had probably expected him at the mansion hours ago. Tony's actual company had probably expected him hours ago, too.
Shaking, Steve stands.
After several more seconds, Tony raised his head again. His eyes fluttered open; he was blinking like he'd stepped into sunlight after years in shadow. His lips were red and wet, slick, flushed dark, and this time, finally, it was because of Steve. Because Tony wanted him right back. Steve had made him look like this.
Steve's gaze ranged between each of the Avengers in turn, and Tony could practically see him plotting their positions on a tactical map.
"Here," he said. "I've got a friend who swears by helmets, for keeping his secret identity a secret." He couldn't stop the smile that danced around the corners of his mouth. "Maybe you know him. He's a real smart fella. Nice guy, too."
SHIELD had stepped back and let the police handle it, and the police had been extremely amenable to hearing the story that Captain America and Tony Stark told them -- the one where Tony had come to confront Tiberius about everything he'd done to try to ruin him, and in response Tiberius had locked him into DreamVision and keep him there. The story had even been true, though it had left out the fact that Tony and Tiberius had been dating. Tiberius hadn't corrected the omission.
, Shellhead." He's still on edge, waiting; Iron Man hasn't given him a straight answer yet. "And I was hoping you might care about me too." He pauses. He hates to think of it, but he should probably start contemplating rejection about now. "But if you don't want to--"
And then Ghost is visible again, charging at him. Reflexively, Steve holds the drive high and away, over his head.
That's one word for it.
, too. Iron Man, I mean. I know you'd have to unmask to testify, but--"
Tony nodded slowly. "I'm willing to try, though. The idea sounds plausible to me. And I can't see why the rules would be different for DreamVision."
Once, the paparazzi had caught them out to lunch at a cafe, and there were more pictures of Steve grinning like a sentimental idiot at Tony, sandwich already forgotten, while Tony sipped his milkshake through the straw wedged in the mouth-slit of his mask.
Steve's face was burning. Tony didn't seem to mind, but, well. He knew it wasn't normal. And he always hated feeling like he was imposing, wanting so much more than any other fella needed. And some people -- well, okay, Connie -- had just wanted him to last longer. If he'd told her he was Captain America, he could have at least explained this particular issue. But, well, she hadn't liked that much either, had she?
The line clicks off.
Does Tony really think Steve won't give him absolutely everything he wants? Steve knows, though, that it's not about him. He knows how many other people Tony loved who hadn't given Tony anything he wanted.
Steve let his gaze travel down Tony's body, obvious and blatant, letting himself linger on the tempting outline of Tony's erection, still hidden under fabric. He licked his lips and Tony shuddered hard. Oh, Tony
"Honestly?" Tony asked, and there was a flicker of some complicated emotion in his eyes, as if he was worried Steve would judge him for wanting it. "On top of me."
"Thank you," Steve says, a little awkwardly. He's never really known how to handle being complimented for the serum; it's not like he made it, after all. He's just the lucky recipient. But it's part of him, isn't it? It doesn't really matter how he got it. If he'd been born running hot, he wouldn't have minded Tony liking it. So he shouldn't mind this.
Steve's chest rose and fell under Tony's hand as Steve took another breath. "I don't want to lead you on," Steve said, his tone laced with apology, "but the things I think about, the things I like to do, the things I want you to do to me, Tony... they're not-- they're not vanilla."
Steve screamed now, with all of his voice, and he hadn't been kidding when he said he made a lot of noise. But it was the good kind of scream: Steve's whole body arched into the blow, he trembled with the pain, and God, he was still hard. He was gripping the sheets, clearly determined to stay upright, and Tony decided that kind of stubbornness deserved a reward, so he drew back and hit Steve with every ounce of strength in him, right across the lines of the previous blows.
Tony went pleasantly tingly all over, from head to toe and including several important parts in between. It was nice to get to pay attention to his body for reasons that weren't him needing to catalog the symptoms of an impending heart attack.
The doors closed before the guard could reply.
"Oh, you're very welcome," Tiberius purred.
"I'm guessing you weren't expecting me, though," Tony said, and he fired.
It's time to go shopping.
now." He pronounced the word in four careful, laborious syllables, like he'd read it in a dictionary and never said it aloud.
"Uh-uh," Tony says, and his voice goes hard with command. "Crawl."
He wasn't that far from the mansion, either. Steve could be there fast. But Tony hadn't asked for help. Not from Steve, not from anyone. That meant that he had this. He'd fought Radioactive Man dozens of times, surely, over the years. He was going to be okay.
Tony's answering smile was nervous, but then he plucked at the side of Steve's shirt, his fingers fluttering. It took Steve a few seconds to figure out that this was, in fact, the question.
He forced himself to smile. "That's really good, Tony."
Tony studies his face for a few seconds, and Steve doesn't know what he sees, but whatever it is, it does the trick. Tony crawls into Steve's arms.
"Sounds good."
Steve's mouth had fallen open again. He hadn't known. He had no idea Tony had looked at him, had seen him, had known this.
The comms Steve is wearing are still deactivated; he, like an idiot, never turned them back on. He definitely can't turn them on right now. Tony can't tell him what to do privately. He's on his own for this one.
, with everything he does for us."
When he'd selected this book, Steve had forgotten exactly how many of the lines in it had cut him to the bone. He almost couldn't breathe with the swell of longing in him. He felt naked, exposed; here was his own heart laid bare upon the page. The book had known just what it was like; the man who'd written it had been where he was. This was how he felt.
He wished he knew what Tony was objecting to, though.
Steve could feel himself blush harder.
He folds his good memory up, when Steve is dead. He compresses the file in his brain, a handy little zip protocol, files it away in a directory he'll be too busy to look in, now that he's the director of SHIELD. His brain is, literally, a computer.
Steve waits for the obvious follow-up to the remark, perhaps a bit of flirtation.
It's an appealing idea, and Steve will definitely have to file it away for later, but for right now--
," Steve breathed, in a voice Tony had never heard from his mouth before. He never begged. He was begging for this.
He hadn't expected Tony to reach out and take his hand, fingers interlacing tightly with his. The feeling, apparently, was mutual. It had always been mutual. Steve knew that, now, but he hadn't managed to wrap his brain around what that meant. He was beginning to, though.
Tony's too slow to stop the awful, strangled sobbing noise that wells up and spills out of him.
It didn't seem right, being like them.
The monitor Steve is attached to beats once, feebly, in the silence. He doesn't actually have much of a heartbeat right now. If he's getting it back, it means the serum's clearing the vampirism. Again. He's glad it's not permanent.
Steve gives him his best and most hopeful smile. "I had a great time with you tonight," he says, honestly. Earnestly. He's never considered himself very capable of subterfuge, and so for him its opposite is a feature: he wants people to know where they stand with him. And he really wants Iron Man to, in particular. "I just wanted to tell you that. Uh. In a little more detail. In private."
Steve steps in, breathing out as the door locks behind him. Tony's not going to let anyone interrupt them. A different man setting up this scene might have arranged it so there would be interruptions, the potential for public humiliation, but that's not what Tony wants, and that's not what Steve needs. So here they are, just the two of them, safe and secure.
This seemed, frankly, unbelievable. Who the hell would tell Steve that?
"Something I can do for you, Cap?"
Oh, he'd known he'd loved Tony before then. But that was the exact moment he'd known he was completely gone for him.
Steve couldn't bring himself to take himself off the active roster. At least fifty percent of the reason was the fact that he didn't want to look Jan in the eye and explain what he'd done to himself. But it was going to be okay. Eventually. He'd heal. He always did.
"Yeah, well," Steve says, a little ruefully, "I
"It's okay," Steve said, fiercely. "Tony, whatever it is, it's okay. I won't think less of you--"
Steve's hospital room is next to Tony's. That's really the only good thing about this entire situation.
Steve took a deep breath and stepped out onto the stage, offering a smile to the closest camera, the one tracking his movement as he strode across the set. His chair was the closest one to him, on the opposite side of the little low table from where Walders was already sitting. There was a third chair in the middle, which Steve hadn't expected, but he supposed that after his appearance was over they must be bringing on a pair of guests to discuss the situation.
He tries to push the feeling away, to not follow the spiral down into the memory. Tony's smile looks even more exhausted. It quivers. His gaze is downcast -- Tony's still taller than him right now anyway -- and his face starts to fall. God, no. Tony doesn't need to worry about
Dropping his hand, Tony sucks in a breath and straightens up. "Just so I'm absolutely clear about what's on the table, you're offering to... turn me. You're offering to bite me. You're offering to make me a vampire."
"Well," Steve said, trying in vain to think of something optimistic to say, "at least she got out of your life after that."
It hadn't gotten them any closer to getting Tony's clothes off, but Steve definitely wasn't going to complain, seeing as how Tony was very clearly enjoying himself. This was what he had always wanted: Tony free from his cares, free from his worries, free from all the demons that plagued him. It wouldn't last forever, because nothing could, but Steve could take this moment and live in it for as long as it lasted.
Iron Man blows out a heavy breath. "I'm selfish," he begins. His voice is trembling. "When you asked me out, I should have said no. It would have been the right thing to do. The responsible thing to do."
Then Tony's arms are around him and he's pulled himself somehow even closer, his face tucked against Steve's neck and the rest of his body pressed heavily against Steve's, as if there's some kind of peace and healing that will come to Tony if only he touches Steve as much as he can.
"But that was Radioactive Man," Tony said, still confused. "That wasn't-- oh, God. Are you seriously trying to tell me that you think that was a setup? That you think Ty arranged to get
"I'll do what I can, Cap," Tony offered, because now was definitely not the time to explain his credentials.
She shrugged, pulled out her identicard, and tapped out a message. "Not for another ten minutes, and right now it's Vizh, and it's not like he needs to eat lunch, right?" A reply flickered onto her card; Steve couldn't read it from here. "He says he can hold down the fort for half an hour while we run this urgent team exercise of ours. It'll be great. And you know you can't hurt me. Not without trying very, very hard, anyway."
He was out of ideas. "But didn't it feel like you woke up?"
"Okay, then," Jan said, and she looked a little more heartened to hear it. She sat back in her chair. "Let's."
"Aww," Jan had said, after those had been published, on one of her visits to the mansion. "You two are the absolute sweetest."
"Hey," Tony said, still grinning. "Fancy meeting you here."
He watched Steve's chest rise and fall and rise again, and then he swung out with the crop, hitting him on the exhale, on the sweet spot where his ass met his thigh. It was one of the compensations of his profession -- or perhaps avocation, because he'd still never quite worked out where superheroing fell on that scale -- that Tony had very, very,
Tony must have leaned in to whisper; when he spoke, his breath was warm against Steve's ear, and Steve tried not to shiver. "Oh, before about twelve hours ago, Cap, you most definitely had."
"There's so much," Steve said, shakily. "We've made so many mistakes."
. That was what it was. Happiness. Finally. "Thank God you kissed me, huh? I'd never have figured it out. I thought you were just an open-minded straight guy."
Tony's eyes were bright, eager, full of affection. A gorgeous, fathomless deep blue. The first thing he'd ever seen, really seen, in the future. He'd known then that he was welcome here. He could never have imagined this, and at the same time it felt as if they'd always been meant to be here. Everything had led to this. Every fight at Tony's side, every speech for the crowds, every lazy weekend in the library, every team dinner, everything Tony had ever made for him, every time Steve had saved Tony's life, every time Tony had saved his -- it had all brought them here.
He remembers Iron Man's very human lips pressed against his.
"Hey, it's okay," Steve murmured, as he led Tony back to the living room, back over to the couch. "I've got you. It's okay."
The problem was, most of the books he had here were either non-fiction -- his perpetual remedial American history, which Tony was almost certainly already factually familiar with, so that was out -- or science-fiction, most of which he'd borrowed from either Tony or Carol, meaning that Tony had probably read it. Also, Steve hadn't gotten around to reading several of them yet; it would be better if he picked something where he could confirm the contents, though he supposed it wasn't, strictly speaking, necessary. And it had to be something that neither Tony or Tiberius had read.
That's when Tony turns around and realizes Steve isn't with him. "Steve?"
Steve had no idea Iron Man was this good with kids. He watches in awe as Iron Man opens a little compartment on the edge of one of his gauntlets. His identicard is in there, as well as a money clip, but what he takes out is a long, folded strip of wax paper. Steve can't quite make out what it is, but then Iron Man unfolds it.
The Avengers always rescued him in the end, didn't they? The Avengers were going to find him. The Avengers--
And he was Steve's now, wasn't he? As much as one person could be another's, Steve was Tony's and Tony was his. To keep.
He could also have been there for more interpersonal Avengers reasons. Tigra was new enough that Hank's problems weren't affecting her the same way as they were affecting everyone else, but the rest of the team was the old guard, as old as they came -- founding Avengers, the lot of them -- and it was sure as hell hitting him and Steve and Thor hard. Jan was officially off the active roster as
"Shhh." Steve shushes Tony, not because he's noisy but because he needs the reassurance. He smooths his free hand over Tony's quivering side. "Not going to hurt you. I promise, this can't cut you. It's not going to hurt. You're going to be okay. Just hold on, all right?"
But he doesn't want to think about Mr. Stark now. Not when he's right here with Iron Man.
Steve starts running anyway as Iron Man launches himself into the air, and by the time Iron Man has flown in through the open window, Steve has reached the building itself. The residents are pouring out the front door, and Steve takes charge.
Iron Man cuts him off, but then for several long seconds he says nothing, and Steve can hear his trembling, shuddering breaths. Steve feels like he's standing on the edge of a cliff, looking down at the rocks below.
"Oh!" Iron Man mouths the sound to himself, a surprised little breath of realization, barely voicing it.
"I'll get Iron Man out of the way," Steve promises Hank. "He went down hard, but he's still breathing."
Next to Steve, Tony was wide-eyed, curious, drinking it all in. Steve decided not to interrupt him. They could talk after it was over.
When he looked up, Fury was staring back at him expectantly. Waiting for an answer.
Tony's eyes were drifting shut. He forced them open again. Nothing was making sense. Steve was still talking, but Tony had no idea what he was saying. There was only the pain, and he was getting colder and colder. He was shivering.
. It just-- it feels so
Steve knew what he had to say, before this moment slipped away. He took a deep breath. His heart was pounding so heavily that he wondered if even Tony could hear it, in the silence that surrounded them.
"I can," Steve says, fiercely. "I do. I love you."
Tony's mouth twists. "I know. And, I mean, I didn't have to act all that hard. I hope we never have to find out what I'd do if it were real. I get the feeling you might not like it." He breathes in sharply, and then out. He pats Steve's hair again. "I know I'm dropping. But I've spent a decade saving the world while feeling like shit." Tony sounds contemplative. "It's something I know how to do. This is just... one of the shittier times, is all. It's okay. It really is. Nothing that went wrong tonight is your fault." He steps back and nudges Ghost's unconscious body with the tip of his boot. "It's this bastard's fucking fault."
. That was what it was. He was actually happy. He hadn't been happy in so long, and now he was.
"Would I lie to you, Shellhead?"
"That's because it
It didn't seem to be winning Tony any friends right now.
Okay. He can do this. He can be normal for Steve. He can be good to Steve. He tries to smile back. "Well, then. While I'm waiting for a call back from the doctor, why don't you and your sandwich come over to one of these couches, and you can sit down, and I'll tell you what you've missed?"
Steve sounds honestly shocked. "No? But--"
"That was a joke," Tony said, hurriedly but apparently not fast enough. "I don't have a concussion." Probably. His head kind of hurt.
There's hesitation on Wong's face. "Can this not wait until--"
got him Steve's aghast look. "What? You're worth it."
All he could think about now was Steve wrapped up in all the gear that was even now lying on Tony's bed: cuffs at his wrists and ankles, the harness over his broad chest, vibranium chains pressed taut against his muscles, too strong for even him to fight.
Even though it wasn't as if either of them were out -- to anyone other than
. Not everything could be replaced, and some of the second floor, where the personnel quarters were, was still intact. If they were lucky, some of the team could have their possessions back.
Is he serious? He can't possibly be serious. This can't be happening. Steve steps back, shuts his eyes, and shakes his head violently; when he opens them again, the world is as he left it, and Mr. Stark's still sitting there on the other side of the table.
And then it's even worse, because he actually has to meet Captain America. As Iron Man, he puts it off, pleading illness -- which is, of course, actually the case -- and manages to stay away from him until they reach New York. He ducks back into doorways whenever he hears booted feet on the floor. He knows even a glimpse will set him off, now.
Steve stabbed at his eggs with his fork. They were cold now. And he wasn't hungry anymore.
"Of course," Mr. Stark says, but there's a longing in his eyes that belies his words. The papers haven't said he's with anyone new. Steve hopes that someday he can find someone who makes him happy. "I know we've never really gotten the chance to talk, but if you ever want to, the workshop door's always open for you."
Steve regarded Tony's face critically, putting one thumb on Tony's eyebrow and pulling his eye a little wider, squinting at him in the light. "I'd tell you not to breathe in any of this shit," he said, hoarsely, "but it looks like AIM got you pretty good already."
"Yes?" Steve said, cautiously. "I really, really liked it. Was there something else you'd been expecting from me? Because if there's something you need, I can--"
"Hey, Steve?" Tony murmurs.
She patted his arm again, and her eyes gleamed. Steve was very familiar with that look. Jan was up to something. "So," Jan said, drawing out the word, "while I've got you here, I actually had a couple of suggestions for the team meeting agenda next week--"
. So he didn't. Not exactly. His idea of exhibiting restraint was not perhaps all that restrained -- but then, neither was Tony's. He thought that it would be better not to spring everything on Tony all at once. He'd eventually learned not to propose on the first date, after all. Tony hadn't even said the word
But Tony deviated from the plan, sitting up, pulling Steve in close, and then kissing him. His hands settled, very politely, at Steve's waist, but his mouth told a different story. He sure wasn't kissing Steve politely. His mouth was hot and knowing -- not rough, not demanding, but full of a desperate desire, a desire that had been building for years, a thirst that couldn't be slaked with just one kiss. It was raw and real, messy and hot and wet. It was a kiss that promised more -- not in the way where the kiss was an obvious and perfunctory prelude to sex, a step on the checklist of turning someone on, but a kiss that promised still more feeling yet to come, more and more of everything.
It took Tony several tries to figure out a good rhythm, his head bobbing, letting just the tip of Steve's cock slide in and out of his slick, red mouth while Steve was reduced to even further obscenities, because Tony's lips felt so very, very good.
The question is needy, plaintive, another arrow in the heart when Tony is already bleeding out.
He hit send, folded his phone back up, and stuck it back in its pouch.
"Size nine," Mr. Stark rasps. "You'll want something non-conductive. Not metal. Ceramic or silicone are your best bets. Maybe carbon fiber."
"Don't know," Tony says, on another shaky exhale. There's a flash of an unsteady smile, one Steve's never seen in the magazines. His eyes are wide and dark. "Which answer will get you to keep doing that?"
Steve opens his eyes. Tony's left hand is atop his, two long fingers resting just beneath Steve's knuckles. The burn on the back of Tony's hand is an old wound, scarred and knotted, the flesh drawn up in a starburst. The pads of his fingers are thick with calluses. He's an engineer, all right. Steve likes that. Tony knows what work is. Tony saves the world with his very hands.
He ditched everyone topside and ran, his heart pounding in his newly-healed chest.
Tony smiled again and nodded. "You sure are." He looked up at Steve, and by then, thankfully, Steve had managed to compose his expression. "Anything in particular you want me to read? The beginning? Favorite passage?"
He wants the truth. And he wants Mr. Stark to see that, no matter what the truth is, it's not going to make him love Iron Man any less. It can't. Because nothing can.
"Tony will," Stephen says smoothly. "I'll probably be gone." That's what Tony asked him to do.
"Steve?" Tony asked, softly. "Do
And now it was two in the morning, and he and Tony were standing outside ViaStone HQ. Steve was a little amazed that both his bike and Tony's car were still there, intact. Streetlights spilled over the sidewalk, glinted dully off gratings, shadowed Tony's face when Steve looked up at him. Tony was holding himself together by what looked like sheer force of will, but the cracks in his composure were starting to show, quivering around his eyes, making his mouth tremble. Steve knew Tony was only keeping it together because he was in public, and he was probably going to lose it entirely as soon as he got somewhere private. Tiberius had been right about that much.
And then, oddly, Steve's gaze darted away and back, like he was nervous, which was bizarre, because Steve didn't
It's a pretty great feeling, actually.
Steve bared his teeth at Tony, then dropped his jaw and smiled. Sweat was trickling down his forehead, over his shoulders, glistening on his skin. He was-- he was so goddamn beautiful, and right now he was all Tony's. All his to take apart.
"Mmm," Steve said. It was, indeed, really good. Tony had the luxury of never needing to do his own cooking, but at some point he'd put in the effort to learn anyway. And, sure, fried eggs weren't fancy, but Tony also swore he made an amazing trout amandine, and Steve wholeheartedly believed him. "That's delicious. Thank you."
Oh, that was why Tony was surprised. Steve supposed that it was one thing to know that Steve was attracted to Tony, personally, and another to know that it wasn't some kind of one-off, that Steve was really attracted to men. Independent confirmation, as it were. Tony seemed to be a fan of that concept.
," Steve said, startled into obscenity, and he just barely stopped himself from thrusting all the way into Tony's perfect mouth. His hips quivered and he shuddered. Tony was setting the pace. Tony got to pick. Tony could do whatever he wanted and Steve would say yes. "Yeah, just like that," Steve groaned. "Yeah, right there, that's the spot."
"I am proud to present a brand-new product from ViaStone," Tiberius continued, smiling brightly. "It's going to change the way you live your life forever! My friends, welcome... to DreamVision!"
"Oh, thank God," Tony said, from next to him. He had the armor faceplate up and his gauntlets off. His face was pale, and very blurry, and he was clutching one of Steve's hands, the one that didn't hurt. "Okay, sweetheart, can you squeeze my fingers?"
When he woke up he was on a steel table, shackled, spread-eagled. Someone had pulled off his tie and undone his shirt, but left the rest of his clothes intact. His shirt gaped all the way down. The walls were metal, too; the RT reflected off them, endless mirrors of blue-white light, dazzling him.
"So, anyway," Iron Man continues, "it's just around the--
Tony turned his head back to look at him; there was real fear in his eyes now. "Brace yourself! Impact in three, two--"
need to worry. Steve wraps his arms around Tony and draws him close, pulling the blankets up to cover both of them together, to trap the heat.
Something's still wrong, though. Mr. Stark is, it is now obvious, only pretending to read the news on his tablet. He keeps swiping up and down the same article like he's not actually taking in any of it no matter how much he tries.
About ten feet up, two of the repulsors flicker on and -- oh, thank God --
, but it also meant that Tony was probably about to choke, and that was a definite no.
He could do this. He wasn't about to let Tony down.
"Steve." Iron Man tries again. "I-- I care about you. Of course I want you to be happy. I love you. But that doesn't mean you should feel the same way about me. Loving me
When Iron Man drags his gloved hand over his face, it doesn't make the usual clanking noise, just the susurration of fabric. Steve thinks he's beginning to like that sound, too.
"It's okay," Steve said, preoccupied with trying to figure out when Tony and Tiberius had been together before. Everything Tony was saying sounded... well, awfully
Tony's smile came back, a flash of hope. "You're a gentleman." He could see it in Tony's eyes: the relief that Steve wasn't going to be like Tiberius.
Mr. Stark's gaze falters, and he blinks up at Steve several times, confused, like the chips are down and he'd never in a million years expected Steve to want to call his bluff.
The second miscalculation was being naive enough to think that he could, in any way, shape, or form, ever get over loving Tony Stark.
Rationally, he knew he was being ridiculous. It wasn't like there weren't people who knew his secret identity, after all, and mostly they were still his friends. Happy knew. Pepper knew. Marianne, of course, had read it in his mind. Beth had figured it out. Whitney knew too, but that was one of those things he tried to avoid thinking about. Hell, even Thor knew, and Thor had been fine with it -- and Tony knew who Thor was, too. And for the most part, everyone had taken it well, although Tony knew Pepper wasn't a fan of the whole superhero thing. But that obviously wouldn't be an issue with Steve.
"It is if it's the wrong people."
Tony smiled. "I'd forgotten how damn stubborn you get when you get hurt," he murmured, as he turned back to the pan. Oddly, he still sounded fond when he said it.
Steve couldn't very well say that he was so incredibly in love with Tony. He'd stammered out some terrible excuse.
Obviously uncomfortable, Steve shifts on his feet and looks away. "I know it's none of my business, but I assume you tried telling them how you feel?"
"Hey, Shellhead," Steve said, deliberately using the one nickname that Tony would never have heard from Tiberius. "It's okay. Whatever he did, I'm not going to do, okay? This isn't a trick. This isn't a bribe. You're here and you're safe."
When he turned back to the living room, he stopped in the doorway. Tony had removed the helmet and set it down on the coffee table; he'd draped his coat and tie over the end of the couch. He was staring out the window at the night beyond. Steve couldn't see his face from his angle, but he doubted it was good. Tony was trembling harder, and had wrapped his arms around himself, seemingly trying to make himself smaller. Less obtrusive. Less of a problem, as Tony probably thought of himself. He wasn't a problem.
"I'm glad I could make you happy," Steve tells him. "I'm glad I stayed. I'd do it again. And, like I said, it's enough. It really is. I don't need more."
He is immensely gratified when Steve immediately slides two big, hot fingers deep inside him, and he groans and clenches down around them. Steve's not fucking around. Thank God. Tony arches back toward Steve, as much as he can with Steve's other hand still planted on his back, desperate and needy. He wants this. He wants everything, right now.
Tony grinned. "Well, as an engineer
Steve went chalk-white. "What?"
The woman settled into the recliner, and Steve watched as Tiberius grabbed a handful of wires from the computer desk, and then another handful from the... television? He plugged them into what looked like medical electrodes, then positioned the electrodes on the woman's face. There was also a long piece of plastic tubing, like part of an IV. Steve couldn't quite see where Tiberius had put it; it was on the woman's far side. Tiberius slipped some kind of eyepiece over one of her eyes; it curved around her head, hooking over her ear like half a pair of glasses. It reminded Steve of that night, a long time ago, when he couldn't sleep and had wandered downstairs to the workshop to find Tony burning the midnight oil. Tony had taken apart one of his suits for him so Steve would be as familiar as possible with how the systems all worked; Steve thought there had been lenses like this inside the helmet, to interface with the computers. But what in God's name was the
"Please," he croaked out, again. He might have called it pathetic, but for the fact that he was too far gone for shame. Everything was starting to feel cold now. He really wanted to be sick.
"I absolutely wouldn't care," Steve assured him. "But if you'd rather have, uh, what I offered, I'd also really like to do that. Really. I just want to make you happy."
Steve leans back against the couch cushions. "Hard to tell with you. Could be dangerous," he says, but he's smiling. They're friends. They're good friends. It's a joke.
, not the way Steve wanted it to be real; people looked at him now and saw the muscles, the body, like one of his old posters had come to life and stepped down from the wall. They didn't see
"The Avengers!" Tony blurted out. "The team-- Mordo-- did he-- what happened?"
Each one is just a file. He could cut them out, permanently. One step closer to perfection. He could be a man who doesn't remember what it's like to have fought with his best friend. He could forget how much he'd like that man to be more than his best friend. He could forget what it's like to throw his life away down a bottle.
He could sleep now, he told himself. Tony was all right. Tony was asleep now. Everything was fine. Everything was better than he could have hoped. Everything was perfect.
He turned around, making sure he was at an angle where he couldn't see Tony in the mirror. There. Tony would appreciate that, wouldn't he?
When Steve gets the leg harness untied, the prognosis is much the same. Tony twitches his legs once or twice, like he's thinking about stretching them but then doesn't have the energy -- or maybe the willpower -- to do so. His legs are still bent back, and he shivers when Steve puts his hand on his ankle. It looks like the nice kind of shiver, though, the kind where Tony's body is still telling him he's going to have a nice night. His mind just hasn't entirely gotten the message yet.
Thor shook his head. "Nay, I fear my realm is only thunder, Captain. Methinks Iron Man would serve thee best." He gave Tony a sidelong glance -- and okay, yeah, Thor was the only one of them who knew Iron Man had a doctorate in electrical engineering.
Tony was still looking at him, with a now-familiar focus in his gaze, the kind of look he usually gave to his engineering projects; Tony was looking at him like he could look at him for hours and never grow tired.
Tony trailed the flogger lightly up Steve's spine just to watch the anticipatory shiver pass over Steve's unmarred, dewy-gold skin, as Steve's body tried to figure out what was coming next. He tipped Steve's chin into his hand and wiped off a line of tears with his thumb.
Feeling like he ought to stop cowering, like he ought to apologize properly, Steve rises unsteadily to his feet. "I really am sorry, though."
Steve raised a wary eyebrow. "What's the other option?"
Iron Man's gaze flicks downward to Steve's lap. Steve regrets wearing sweatpants. He's usually in his uniform around Iron Man, and the thick padding of his uniform pants usually does a decent job concealing any... excitement. Maybe Iron Man literally hadn't noticed before -- it's possible, and it would definitely explain why he hasn't said anything -- but Steve sure can't hide anything now.
Laughing, Steve trots over to the two of them. "Sure."
"Sweet?" Steve echoes, disbelieving.
Then Mr. Stark had smirked and made a quiet snickering noise, like there was a private joke here that Steve wasn't in on. Jan must have known what he meant, because she scowled.
Steve nodded. The blush was fading. "That'd be the morphine."
"And I am sorry," Stephen continues. "I know how much you... care about Captain America, Tony."
That hadn't come out right. Steve's not very good with words.
"You should go," Tony gritted out. "Leave me. Help Thor. I don't-- I don't have much longer."
And of course there was that one last reason, the one that only the two of them knew, the one that no one had said aloud: Steve loved Tony.
"And I'm worried about you," he concluded. "It was an awful shock to see you with this-- this-- this wound that I had no idea even existed, you know? I don't know what any of it is or what that metal thing does. I just-- I just want you to be okay." God, he was scared for Tony. "I know you've had heart problems. I know how bad it used to be. I know you didn't want anyone to know about this now, and I don't know if you didn't tell anyone because it was that bad again and you wanted to spare us. I know that was why you never told us about your heart, way back when. You thought you were dying, and then you almost did die, and you'd never said anything before then because you didn't want us to worry about you. And I want you not to be dying again." His eyes were hot. "And I don't even know if you are."
That was good. That was very good. Steve nodded back. "Okay. Here's my plan: I'm going to give you a book that I'm pretty sure neither you nor Tiberius have read, or possibly even heard of. So you can't even make a guess about what the exact words might be based on general knowledge. And I'd like you to try reading it. And then tell me whether you think you're reading it."
," Steve said.
His thoughts were very slow to come together, cushioned in a dreamy medicated haze. He was aware, distantly, that he had a body and that his body was most likely in some amount of discomfort, but he found he didn't really care to contemplate that.
