And Dean—he kept meaning to talk to Cas. To
“Oh,” he said, the gun sinking down. He stared mutely. He’d really lost it now.
moved heaven and earth to be near you,” Cas said. He reached down, his hand brushing against Dean’s cheek. Dean couldn’t help but lean into it, pressing into the soft warmth. “I can’t. We’ve bent and broken the rules before, and look where it’s gotten us in the past. I need to make sure that this time, we—”
Dean finished his drink, his third whiskey in as many minutes, and motioned for another, taking a deep breath that burned at his lungs like the whiskey itself.
The news channel with a fat 3 in the bottom right appears in small bursts on the wall, Dean Winchester's face splayed across the screen.
This vamp weighed a
His tongue tasted like maraschino cherries, and Dean almost smiled into the kiss, imagining the bartender popping the bright red little things into his mouth as he worked. They stumbled towards the bed, and Dean felt the bed against the back of his knees before he was falling backwards and thumping down to the bed.
Dean moved slow up the stairs, already murmuring the spell. The parents’ bedroom door had a warm light spilling out from the crack at the bottom of the door. They probably didn’t even realize what was happening to them. It seemed like everyone who’d been killed just kept going about their mundane evening activities as if they weren’t being drained of life. Once the thing got its nails into its prey, they’d forget they ever saw its grotesque shadow and would sit there and take their slaughter like drugged sheep. If this worked, and if his body were to be left behind, Dean figured the family would be pretty damn confused. They’d stir awake as if they’d been dozing, even though they would be sure they’d been awake all along. A strange man would be in their bedroom, bleeding from both hands, and dead as soon as they realized he was there. Dean would almost think it was funny, if not for the fact he was the one who would be dead.
“I was thinking of...things I want to do, that I don’t want to miss out on because of a stupid hunt,” Sam said. “Big things.”
,” Dean said. “You’re lucky I didn’t—”
“You know you can tell me,” Charlie said. She smiled innocently, tipping her head to the side. “What is it? Are you bored without a big quest to do? Did some girl turn you down at the bar last week? Oh, god, is Miracle sick? Did you—”
“I’m not sleeping on the floor,” Cas said seriously.
Dean woke up, back screaming with stiffness, to the gray light of early morning. His mouth was chalky and dry, and he tried to conjure some spit to swallow.
Cas’s hands went slack. “...Dean? Are you alright?”
Cas reached for Dean’s plate immediately, dragging it over to him. He picked up the burger and sunk his teeth into it, biting off a sizeable portion. His eyes lifted up to meet Dean’s as he lowered the burger and began to chew, his lips shiny with grease and donut glaze. Dean reached out and dragged the plate back.
“Kinda sad, man,” the bartender said. He drifted towards the door as Dean did.
Cas stared back, his chest rising and falling steadily as he breathed in the pause. “Alright.”
“I thought you—” Dean cut himself off as he walked into the room and up to Cas where he stood facing a blank wall. Thought he left. Thought Cas had decided to piss off to heaven again; leave Dean again.
“Uh, a criminal?” the women says. “I saw the news this morning, that kid and his brother held up a bank and killed twenty people this morning.”
Cas glanced back over his shoulder at Dean and nodded slowly, like a hypothesis had been confirmed.
Castiel falters. “I just thought I...recognized you.”
The image of wide blue eyes in his head was as good as a hand gripping at Dean’s throat. He stared down at the counter, waiting for the feeling to pass.
Dean swallowed again, his throat dry. He reached for a glass of water abandoned on the table. He was pretty sure it was actually the same one he’d been drinking out of ages ago, the last time he’d been in the bunker overnight, but if not, he really couldn’t bring himself to care.
He fights the temptation to punch a wall, and instead moves to another Biggerson's, another time. He follows his instinct, hoping that some God would smile on him, guide him to the man.
He spat out his toothpaste and squinted at himself. What the hell was he doing? He didn’t mind sofa beds. He always ended up out like a light anyway, flopped onto his stomach in his sleep, drooling into the pillow. But he
Cas said it in a matter-of-fact way:
Sam grinned, and then they were three. Often more than three, with hunters and friends pouring through the bunker on a constant stream. Charlie visited the most often, trying her best to defy the new normalcy clinging to all of them and keep them floating just out of sight of real-world consequences like charges of tax fraud and identity theft.
you, really, I haven’t really, I don’t think I—”
His hands slammed against Cas’s chest, every part of his palms pressing against the warm, soft fabric of Cas’s shirt; his fingers curling over the edges of his coat; fingertips digging in as he pushed.
things like that?
. Dean picked up his burger and took as big of a bite as he could, almost gagging as he chewed. He couldn’t look at Cas right now. He wanted to ask if—if he meant what Dean thought he might. But maybe Cas was just being Cas, and he meant—the robe in the bunker, or something.
Dean gritted his teeth and yanked open the door to the dingy, ammonia-scented motel office. The clerk, a heavily pregnant red-headed woman with bags under her eyes, glanced up at him and straight back down to where she was carefully painting her nails a dark purple. Once Dean was close enough, he could smell that, too.
“Have you—are you…” Sam trailed off, his face looking pinched and nervous when Dean glanced at him. He looked like
It wasn’t rational. Dean knew that.
“How can I help you?” the woman asked, scratching her neck with her un-lacquered hand.
“And I’m an angel,” Cas said, and he pushed hard, against the burn, but as he did, an odd, cold feeling sluiced into Dean and he was suddenly slick, Cas’s fingers sliding in and crooking into Dean’s heat.
“Depends,” he said, and Dean felt his own eyebrows raise. He looked at the bartender properly for once—at his scruffy gray henley, the heavy black apron he wore over it; the carefully tied string around the waist. The way his forearms flexed at the towel he gripped between both hands. When his eyes made their way back up to meet the bartender’s, the man’s eyes were dark and steady, like he was just watching and waiting for Dean to make up his mind.
He takes a few more steps and treads on something soft. Looking down, expecting to see a lost stuffed bear, he sees a human, their stomach bulging out. They seem with child, but in the wrong place- the bulge sticks out from below the person's ribs, and a raw onion with a bite taken out of it rolls from the person's grasp.  He sees an old man sitting in the center of the room, ringed by three men in suits. Castiel backs around the corner again.
“Uh, yeah you do,” Charlie said. “Badly. I’ll talk to you later.”
“Charlie,” he said.
“You are,” he said, and his hands were back—trailing along Dean’s thighs, gradually growing firmer through the denim. “Do you know how it’s pained me to not be able to touch you?”
Cas tilted his head, and it was like they were back in that barn, cold lights flashing. Dean blinked. It never stopped being uncanny, when those mannerisms crept back in.
Cas squinted. “You opened it.”
The others were drifting closer again. Jody was holding a glass of water, which she held out to Dean and he gratefully drained and handed back. Something to do other than look at the dozen weepy folks clustered around him. Although when he said he needed a drink, he’d had something stronger than water in mind.
“Huh?”
Castiel strides into the building she referred him to, finding a large desk in the middle of an entrance room.
Dean took a breath and opened the door nonetheless, gun raised, lungs tight with air, body braced for an attack or for disappointment.
“Sure,” Dean said. Flossing.
“Just lonely sometimes?” Charlie supplied, and Dean nodded.
Charlie chewed her lip, her brow furrowed as she looked closely at Dean. Too closely. Dean finished his beer and stood up abruptly, walking to get a replacement.
Castiel realized he didn't quite know what to say in this situation, so he simply leaned against the car, crossing his arms. Dean stood a few feet away, his arms crossed similarly.
Someone down the bar called for Thomas and he wandered off, plucking a bottle down from the shelf with a quick hand to go serve the person. Dean twisted his glass around in circles on the counter. Maybe he was going about this all wrong. If he wanted to burn every trace of...of
then you’d be praying to him!”
He pulled the page of instructions out of the spell book in the passenger seat and his eyes drifted over it. It was pretty simple, all things considered. A little blood sacrifice and a few words before getting a hand on the monster. Straightforward, clean, easy. It didn’t say what exactly would happen to him—if he’d explode, or choke on blood, or vanish entirely. So maybe there’d be a body, maybe there wouldn’t.
“Don't worry, you're not like everyone else. You'll never die from drinking too much. You're the exception that proves the rule, just like Satan wanted you to be. So, cut their throats. Have at them.”
“Dean, I just…”
Something was off.
“Yeah, I’ve heard that one before,” Benny said. “I’m no good at staying dead.”
Dean pursed his lips. No, he did not.
in his chest.
He walked back towards their picnic table, leaving Sam with his mouth hanging open like a guppy.
“You—!”
decided to try and talk him up at some point.
He meant to say something, say what he was afraid of—of losing Cas, of letting him down, of disappointing his dead father—but the words died in his throat. Cas’s hands slid away, and Dean’s gaze dropped to the floor, a weight pulling at his chest.
sleep on this thing, or on the floor, if you think it’s so embarrassing to choose sharing a comfortable bed with me over messing up your bad shoulder again.”
Sam’s visits with Eileen started going from a few days every few weeks to
Charlie shifted awkwardly. “We found another way to kill it last week,” she said. “We kept researching, just in case anything had gone wrong with…you know, your whole suicide mission.”
“Jesus Christ,” Dean muttered. “You’d think monsters woulda at least learned how to be intimidating by now.”
“I’m...human,” Cas said. He raised his arms slightly, gesturing at himself. “I, uh. I realized that Jack can probably handle things on his own.”
“I lasted a pretty long time, I think,” Dean said. Apparently too cavalierly, because Cas’s expression went from confused and angry to outright furious.
Things were different, for Sam and Eileen. For the bunker. Dean wondered if it had ever housed an infant before. More than that, he wondered how long this would last. At what point did raising a child in a bunker go from ‘safe and affordable housing’ to ‘child endangerment and isolation?’
His eyes flickered open and he stared up at the branches of a tree; thin green leaves twitching in a breeze, illuminated from behind by the bright sun that crept through gaps in the foliage to rain down on Dean.
They were finally liberated from purgatory by some mystery person and brought back to the real world to find that three years had passed.
“How did you know where I am?”
Dean swallowed, frozen in the doorway, his limbs stiff. Cas practically looked naked, and he was still wearing almost an entire suit. As soon as he was barefoot, Cas looked up at Dean, his gaze quickly going from neutral to some warm, squinted...demeaning stare.
Dean raised his eyebrows. Sam held his gaze for a moment and finally sighed. He took a bite of his pie, shaking his head. Dean reached for the next piece of pie. Rhubarb.
“I went to purgatory,” Dean said slowly. “You were dead.”
Dean tugged Cas towards the nearest table and sat him at it before retrieving a frozen bag of mystery leftovers from the freezer for his cheek. Cas held it to his face miserably, his eyes flicking up to where Sam and Charlie stood.
“No!” Dean exclaimed. Something clattered behind him and he turned to see a woman tossing a bag of trash in a dumpster staring at him in horror.
“It’ll kill whoever casts it,” he said carefully, holding the paper in both hands. “And we don’t even know if it’ll work to kill the thing, but it will definitely kill whoever does it.”
"Hello, Charlie, Sam," Cas said warmly as they approached.
Dean left and got in his car quickly, not wanting to make eye contact with the bartender as he drove off. He used to be able to burn through people like they didn’t even matter, like they were just objects. He didn’t—he didn’t think it was a good thing, but god, maybe it would be nice to go back to that once in a while.
“No, I...he’s busy, man,” Dean said. “If he wanted to talk to me, he’d be here.”
Dean swallowed, and he toed at his boots until he was flat-footed against the floor, and with his breath uneven in his throat, he pulled off his socks and started thumbing the buttons of his shirt open.
“Phone call,” he mouthed, gesturing vaguely. She backed away, quickly returning to the festival proper.
"I don't want to 'drop it'; I want to know why you got so mad at Sam."
“Hey, wait,” the librarian says, catching his arm. “What's your name?”
The dialogue from "You're mister Winchester" to "But it'll work from them" is taken directly from the episode 'My Bloody Valentine'.
“It doesn’t undo the fact that he left you here to throw a decade-long pity party,” Charlie said, crossing her arms. Sam leaned against a bookshelf, staring Cas down like he expected him to sprout wings and fly off if he looked away for too long.
He isn't entirely sure when he became completely immersed in his traipse through the Biggerson's of the world. Maybe it was the time that he checked back through his photographs before going to sleep one day and saw
“Goddamnit,” Dean muttered, smoothing a hand down his body. His clothes were too large on him; loose and strange feeling against his skin.
“What? No,” Dean said, almost knocking over his beer bottle as he reached for Charlie’s flailing hands. “No, I…”
"Cas," Dean whispered, hoping not to wake up Sam. Castiel looked at him immediately, standing up silently.
It's a rare event, but every once in a while Castiel finds an urge to physically wander the Earth, feel the smooth flex of his tireless legs under him, watch the humans work to do the same. He finds himself in some sort of centralized civilization after a particularly long stretch of Biggerson's visits. There are small buildings all around him, strangling a flood of humanity in a small channel between shops. There is an abundance of women with small bags looped around their waist, dangling in front of their stomach paunches. There are children scampering- there's no other word for it- and a few tired looking business men are slouching to their cars.
His head slipped down across the seat and onto Castiel's shoulder, and Castiel sat still, doing his best to keep the tired man asleep. Sam woke up panicked in the morning, finding Dean's bed empty and the sheets tangled, but calmed down when he ran outside and found him sleeping on Castiel's shoulder.
Cas was standing there expectantly, pushing his phone back into his back pocket, eyes on Dean. It was the kind of expectant look that said
The monotony of thumbing through Biggerson's restaurants soothes the sense of fear growing in Castiel's subconscious. Seeing one after another, group after group of hideously obese Americans, makes him feel less and less panicked. After a solid six thousand visits, Castiel has filled an entire binder- he has thirty already that he keeps with his clothes, and he has to go and retrieve a new one from a store. He gets film yet again- he has to load up every hundred photos or so, get another five rolls.
Cas frowned and took a slight step back. “I already said—”
Dean had yet to see anything else
“I have hurt you before,” Cas said slowly, and his hands slid down from Dean’s lapels, brushing across his torso before he raised one and carefully, deliberately, pressed a hand against Dean’s sternum, high enough that his fingertips ghosted at his collarbone.
“You were—you were dead,” Claire said, suddenly beside Sam. Her face was tracked with tears; she stared up at him like she was afraid he might strike her.
She raised her eyebrows at him. “It is.”
"I have been trying, I can't."
Dean blinked. Looked down at his gun, hanging limply in his hand. What was the worst that could happen? Well. Could be a shapeshifter.
“Fine. That’s typical,” Dean said. “Whatever.”
“No,” Jody said firmly. “Not happening.”
Dean lunges for Castiel and drives a knife into his chest. Castiel startles, trying to yank away from Dean, but the man has his hand gripping Castiel's shoulder, holding him there. Castiel struggles, flinching away, and Dean stumbles backwards, shoved by Castiel's small movement.
“Something like that,” Dean said tiredly. He wasn’t sure how much he’d drunk, but it was enough that he wasn’t sure if he’d be able to gracefully get from this barstool to the backseat of the impala.
“Holy shit, Sammy,” Dean said, staring at the box. “You’re serious.”
Dean took a deep breath, his lungs suddenly burning. When was the last time he breathed? His face felt too-warm. Probably the oxygen deprivation.
“Has that work you’re doing up there gotten any closer to...being done?” Dean asked.
Dean huffed a laugh and tapped absently at the bartop. “No,” he said. “No. I wish.”
“What the fuck.”
“We killed God,” Dean said, smiling down at his beer. It felt ridiculous to say out loud.
When Sam fell into his bed, he noticed that Dean was still awake, staring up at the ceiling with bloodshot, tired eyes. He fell asleep before he could worry about it too much.
Dean choked on his words and he shifted slightly, his knees wobbly; repositioning his legs further apart to stay steady, stay upright.
Castiel turned to him, blinking. "I don't understand."
“I do not.”
“Sorry—just love these stupid things,” Dean said uselessly, waving at the bell.
“Good?” Dean asked.
The drive was long, and by the time he was in the right state and the right town, staring up at the house they’d pinpointed as the next target, it was late afternoon. He slumped down in his seat and shut his eyes. Nobody from the bunker could catch up in time, even if they realized what Dean was going to do as soon as they woke up. If they drove pedal to the metal they’d get here a couple hours after it was already done.
“Yeah, in my—” In his bag, on the couch. On the pull-out couch. Dean’s stomach dropped and he shot upwards. “Wait, I’ll get it.”
Dean froze, halfway down the stairs. In the middle of the bunker, standing there like nothing had ever changed, trenchcoat and all, was Cas.
“Interested in any of these?” she asks. “I personally recommend our Sony flat-screen model just there, or the LG over on that side.”
“I love you, Dean,” Cas said plainly, and Dean’s breath caught.
Charlie just smiled and knocked the neck of her beer against Dean’s. He rolled his eyes.
“If Sam were here, he would—”
Dean advances, reaching for something at his side, and Castiel backs away rapidly. His mind whirs, cranking out options- if worst comes to worst, he can leave, he knows- and the lights suddenly pop out in a shower of glass, leaving them in the dark again.
this man, in his heart at least.
“Okay,” Dean said, tapping the room key against the counter. “Thanks.”
“What?”
“Yeah, to shoot it at you.”
Dean is the first- and perhaps last- mystery that has ever bothered Castiel. He has witnessed the inexplicable, things that are as supernatural as him, but nothing has captured his curiosity as thoroughly as Dean.
“No, I mean—we got lots of cars. You can take one,” Dean said, pointing vaguely in the direction of the enormous garage.
than he was used to. He grabbed Cas’s arm and pulled him to face him. Cas’s mouth was set in a firm line, and his eyes dropped, avoiding Dean’s.
When Dean opens the door to the closet, scarcely a millisecond later, Castiel is gone.
Cas frowned and turned to fully face Dean. “Left?” he said.
“You sent,” Sam repeats.
“Excuse me,” Castiel says, and looks up at the woman. She is sneering at him, and when he meets her eyes she laughs.
Dean spun the nearly-empty beer bottle back and forth between his two palms. It wasn’t…it wasn’t completely unbelievable. But…
“Cas, if people can be put back on earth, can’t you—”
Dean shrugged. “There’s a new god now,” he said. “But yeah. No dice on that front.”
And Benny's here! Who knew he'd be here!? Not me!
“No,” Dean said, turning the car on. “I don’t want to hear from you. Get the fuck out of my head.”
There was a hunt. There was always a hunt. He’d been waiting for one like this, one that felt like it mattered. Waiting years. It’d been long enough that Miracle was gone, even though that dog had lived to an age that the vet said was quite unusual—long enough that Dean had suspected that Jack had something to do with the dog’s longevity. It’d been long enough that Dean was resigned to his fate, to wait and wonder forever. Long enough that for a couple years there, Charlie had lived in the bunker with him, fresh off her own heartbreak after getting cheated on and getting divorced. Just two sad sacks. Until she picked herself up and got back out there and managed to fall in love again, like the first love hadn’t pulverized something in her to dust and left her useless for anyone else. Dean was happy for her. Really.
“Cas wouldn’t judge you if you found love here,” Charlie said. “If you didn’t spend your life waiting. He’d probably be happy.”
As Cas spoke in Dean’s mind, the image and feeling and smell and sound of every time they’d lost each other and found each other again rushed through Dean, carried like dust motes in the sunbeam that was Cas, and Dean sank to his knees at the feeling. Someday.
“Oh, god, Cas—”
“Dean!” Sam exclaimed, rushing up. “You good?”
He caught up to Sam and Eileen where they waited at the door of the barn.
“I wasn’t—”
“Oh, they…” Something squeezed in Dean’s chest, and he lost the words again. “They said they were all out.”
Sam replied almost immediately.
But really talk. Ask him how he was supposed to keep going and pretending like he could make a life on Earth when the life he wanted was—elsewhere. Increasingly, he didn’t want to explain it to Sam. Didn’t want him to think that the longing Dean was always batting away was something to do with not wanting to live. It was hard to wrap his own mind around—the idea that when he finally was getting the kind of life he’d always wanted, completely ordinary and simple, he couldn’t help but want out because it wasn’t quite everything he wanted. And he wanted to tell Cas the same, but...
Dean could see the moment Cas felt the metal edge of the pull-out. His whole posture changed. Everything stiffened. He looked over at Dean again, his mouth parted around a half-spoken word.
“You good?”
He groaned and smacked the steering wheel. “I wish I’d never—”
“You want me to hurt you,” Cas said carefully, and Dean’s stomach dropped.
“So did Sam,” Cas said insistently. They kept walking. Dean couldn’t deal with this—this inquisition into his personality, from Cas, when he was about to lay beside him, feel the warmth of his skin inches away and not be able to—
Dean had no time to think through the haze of
"True," Castiel said. "But you should still try to sleep."
Dean shrugged. “Just wanted to see if you were...tired.”
Dean crossed his own arms, shifting his weight between his feet. All the times he’d idly imagined Cas returning to earth, he’d never pictured the reunion being taken up by an interrogation and an airing of all his dirty laundry.
Dean stared down at his clothes. A grey henley, jeans, boots.
“When we were in purgatory,” he said, “you prayed to that angel of yours every night. I heard you, even though you tried to go out of earshot. One of the nights you prayed to him, you told him you’d kill yourself before leaving that place without him, and we found him the next day. I remember thinking you were either the luckiest son of a bitch I ever met or else someone really was listening.”
“I think I want to...quit while I’m ahead. No more close calls,” Sam said. “We don’t have God backing us up anymore, or any special help, you know? I can help from here, make calls, do research, find cases for hunters, that kind of thing.”
“And...what, that made you so uncomfortable you want to no-homo him into staying in the Empty forever so you don’t have to see him again?” Charlie said incredulously.
“Wha—what are you talking about?” Dean said, the tension right back in his chest.
There was a soft knock at the door to the room, and Dean took a deep breath; his lungs burning suddenly. His whole body felt like he’d been trying to keep as still as possible without even realizing it.
“Over,” Cas said firmly, and he rose up and off Dean as he pulled his slacks off. Dean’s hands fell from the headboard limp and he took a deep breath.
“I’ve tried, Cas,” he said hoarsely. “I know you wanted me to just live like I wasn’t waiting for something, but I can’t forget that I am. It’s all I think about. It’s all I’ve got. No matter who I find here, no matter what happens, even if someday I...get my head out of my ass and can at least get somewhere close to what you want for me...nothing’s gonna change, Cas.
One of his hands gripped Dean’s thigh, digging hard into the meat of his leg.
“Maybe you should’ve invested in a pocket watch, Cas,” Dean bit out. “Or, you know, listened to me when I prayed to you.”
He headed straight for the car, climbing into the back seat. Castiel was sitting on the other side of the seat, staring at his hands.
The waitress popped up beside their table and set their plates in front of them with a grin. “Enjoy! she chirped. Dean stared down at the burger. Both buns were glazed donuts. A fried egg leaked yolk out from the middle of a burger patty and orange cheese.
It was his fault. All that, about how Dean was never just a killer, that he had love to give and deserved love in return...and it was his love that did the killing. He couldn’t even--couldn’t even
He couldn’t go on, his words feeling like barbed wire in his throat.
“You can’t just show up after ten years and act like you didn’t do anything wrong!” Sam exclaimed, shaking out his hand. “And—talking in his ear and stringing him along.”
“Most people like to be kind in ways that people see,” Cas said. “So they can be thanked. Most of what you do is things nobody can see.”
But it was all gone, and he was in some sort of vacuum, a dark and empty and suffocatingly tight space that wouldn’t let him move or breath or speak. Maybe he was wrong, maybe he wasn’t designated for heaven like he’d thought. Maybe there were some sins that even Jack couldn’t overlook.
“You’re retiring?” Dean asked.
“Is the burger not good?”
“Wha—” Dean shook his head.
He didn’t sleep much the rest of the night. When he did, it was like his dreams were a cold set of sheets that someone kept tugging away in the night. There and then gone, waking him up with a feeling of loss he couldn’t quite pin down.
“Hmm?” Dean said, lifting his head. Garth stood in the doorway with his hands on his hips, and Dean grinned. “Nothing. Thought I dropped something.”
Dean was almost dizzy. It felt like a dream. He couldn’t move, he couldn’t speak.
Castiel has never lived a normal life- never formed an attachment to anyone, never held a job, never had a real conversation. He's never paid for anything- it pains him slightly to do so, but he flicks in and out of motel rooms and Biggerson's to sleep and eat on the rare occasions that he need to do so.
,” Dean said. “I need—”
Dean’s eyes snapped open. He remembered the alley, he remembered the way Cas threw him against the wall like he weighed nothing. He remembered the way Cas pressed himself up against Dean, the way he could feel every inch of him, the way his eyes burned bright and furious. Cas pulled at Dean’s hip as he pushed forward, settling deep into Dean. Dean waited for him to move, but Cas held still,
He could practically hear the gears in Charlie’s head turning.
“Time flies when you’re confusing women and drinking all my bar’s whiskey.”
Castiel decides to change his clothes first. Dean's offhand comment about his coat being “creepy” concerns him- does that make him, by extension, creepy? That was never his intent. He simply wanted to track Dean down, collect photographs. He cannot comprehend why Dean would find him creepy- if their places were swapped, Dean would have tracked himself down. Castiel cannot imagine that a person could see Dean staring at them through a photograph and not feel the need to find him.
faded along with his consciousness, Dean was dreaming. The first thing he noticed was the warmth of sun on his skin; the second thing he noticed was the pale scent of pine trees and a recent rain.
Cas rose in a quick, fluid motion and stood in front of Dean. With Cas’s shoes off and Dean still in his boots, he had to look down slightly to Cas, but the stiff heat in his spine insistently said
How could he just—just
Dean took a deep breath. He could tell them that it didn’t matter—there was no reason why his life should count more than the four lives he’d saved in that family; five lives, really, since the kid left to survive wouldn’t really ever have a normal life. He could ask more questions, but the last thing he wanted to admit was that part of him had needed to know what waited for him after earth; needed to know if he would ever have something more than an empty bed and an occasional visitor. “I need a drink.”
Cas blinked. Squinted. The corner of his mouth lifted, lowered. “Alright.”
Dean waved vaguely at the bed. “Even if—whatever. You can sleep here.”
He'd happened into a Biggerson's by accident the first time. He'd messed up, landing there instead of on top of the Statue of Liberty, and as he had his camera out already, to take a picture of the New York skyline, he pushed his finger down and snapped a picture before realizing where he was. He flicked away from that restaurant quickly, and glanced down at his camera once he was safely in a hotel room, and found that in the very center of the photograph, a man stared straight into the lens. Not any man- not an ugly man, not a plain man, not even an ordinary man, but an immaculate man. Castiel had never experienced any kind of attraction, or even pleasant observance, of any man or woman until that moment. The man glared out of the picture, unknowingly centering himself in the photograph and suddenly in Castiel's life.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Shut up,” Dean said, rolling his eyes. He should’ve known this was how it would go with Sam. The guy was like a walking ‘keep hanging in there’ kitten poster half the time. Supportive, but in a useless, cringy sort of way.
Benny nodded. “I’ll be around. Any time you need backup on a hunt, especially. Wouldn’t want you scratchin’ that pretty face of yours.”
Charlie made a loud buzzer noise. “Wrong,” she said. “You know that we all
“Praying?” Benny said slowly. “I’m sorry, Dean. Didn’t mean to startle you.”
Sam sighed and pushed away from the shelf he was leaning on and came around the table to where Cas was sitting. He set a hand on Cas’s shoulder and grimaced.
Castiel knew that despite Dean's protests, he wanted the coat, because it was incredibly cold. The temperature didn't bother Castiel, but he could tell that for a human, it was too cold for comfort.
“That was your true happiness,” Dean said. “Leaving.”
His other hand swiftly moved between Dean’s legs and took his balls in hand, tugging lightly at them as the other grasped at Dean’s ribs, forcing his back to arch into the touch as his legs jerked and bent at the knees.
“You can say that again,” she said. “You look like a child.”
“What, are you just watching me now?” Dean spat. “I thought you were so busy up there, babysitting God?”
“Cas,” Dean said through gritted teeth. “I’m—I can’t stand this. I feel like an idiot, and—”
“Cas should be a part of our lives,” Sam said. “Jack too, although now he’s got the whole....God thing.”
Apropos of nothing, a low voice echoed in the back of Dean’s mind, John’s voice, John’s
“If you say that one more time, I swear I’ll come up there and—”
"I'm sure there's some murder, some disappearance that looks like our kind of thing."
Cas’s face shuttered into a distant, cold expression, and he nodded slightly and turned towards the pile of discarded clothes on the floor, his shoulders tight.
” Dean gasped.
Dean drifted obediently back over to the table and took the spot across from Charlie.
“Sorry,” he said finally, his hands grasping at Cas’s hipbones.
“There are entire families dying,” Dean said.
Sam got dressed and left to get some kind of breakfast, and despite the noise of bags zipping and the bathroom door closing, Dean was still not awake by the time he left.
“Anyway, uh. I just wanted to say I’m...well, we miss you, buddy,” he said. He shut his eyes again and pressed the heels of his hands against his knees. “I mean, I miss you. I wish you’d...be here. I mean. It’s not the same without you, alright? So just...get your ass down here. Please.”
Cas’s eyes narrowed. Dean’s breath was going too fast, but he couldn’t slow it down, couldn’t make his hands not shake.
“Right,” Sam said slowly.
“We don’t have to…” Thomas trailed off, fidgeting uncomfortably. He leaned back stiffly. “You know, you remind me of me.”
If Cas didn’t want to talk to him; wanted to ignore him and act like Dean had
He cut himself off, the words on the tip of his tongue tasting poisonous.
Sam was still alive, albeit different- stronger. He welcomed them back, crying a little upon the reunion. There were still things to deal with, and they dealt with them together. Castiel would occasionally consider leaving them alone, as he thought they should be, but Dean would see the contemplative look on his face and demand that he stay with them.
this is what I wanted.
Dean trailed off. Sometimes, in his dreams, he and Cas would just sit side by side, staring out at an image of the world. Other times, they would talk about nothing for what felt like hours, just like they did every day but face to face. The feeling of the dream always clung there, though, and dream-Dean felt syrupy and distant; dream-Cas felt like a mirage that flickered away if Dean tried to get too close. It wasn’t the same as really being together. Sometimes, Dean was afraid that if they found each other on another plane of existence, it still wouldn’t feel real. And Dean couldn’t help but picture himself old and contorted by age, facing an unchanged Castiel, a shining angel of the lord made only more brilliant by time, if he survived long enough for Cas to come to Earth. That was stupid. Dean knew it was. He'd rolled his eyes at the idea of fearing being too old for your immortal...love, when watching one of those godforsaken Twilight movies. But his hips already hurt in the mornings; sometimes he couldn't get a kink out of his neck for entire days on end. By the time Cas came to Earth, things wouldn't be the same. But Cas would be. Nevertheless...
“That’s what I’m saying,” Cas said as he pulled his plate back. “Your rules confuse me.”
“That's funny, it doesn't seem to be coming from mine,” Dean says.
“Did Jack send you back?” Sam asked. He was crying now, too, and Dean rolled his eyes.
“Found a hunt,” Sam said hesitantly, a few hours later. “It seems pretty weird.”
Dean knew that tone of voice. That was the tone Charlie used when she didn’t believe in something at all, but she thought maybe if she said it with enough false hope behind it, she might be able to get everyone else to believe in an idea.
Dean lifted a hand and smoothed it over his cheek. He didn’t feel any different, although his knee didn’t have that horrible ache he’d started tuning out years ago.
“Answer me.”
“Alright,” he said finally.
Benny was saying other things, other words, and Dean couldn’t listen. He didn’t want to, or maybe didn’t need to hear it. He slumped back into the couch, letting his head loll against the back of the couch as he watched Benny talk. He felt a little warmer and looser than the number of beers he was pretty sure he’d had warranted. He didn’t drink the way he used to; maybe he was turning into a lightweight. He kept watching Benny; watched him trail off. He frowned at Dean, like Dean had done something wrong.
His dreams were empty that night. Maybe some of his thoughts had leaked through to Cas, some of what he couldn’t help but cry out within the confines of his own mind. Maybe Cas thought he needed space, when he needed anything but that. He needed something real, something tangible, something to hold and to live for.
“I—yes,” Dean gasped; almost sobbed. Cas’s fingers tightened. “
Before Cas could say anything else, Sam stepped closer. Dean's hand dropped from Cas's coat, letting Cas step towards Sam with his arms raised.
before Cas was undoing the button of his jeans and tugging them down and mouthing against his dick through the gray fabric of his boxer-briefs, dampening the fabric before yanking those down too and leaving Dean entirely exposed beneath him.
“I know,” Dean muttered. He could feel his face warming; Cas’s steady gaze leaving him squirming inside, feeling like a bug under a microscope.
“Did Charlie say something to you?” he asked slowly. Eileen’s eyes darted to Sam, but Sam just frowned, his head tilting a little.
“Cas?” he said, walking down yet another hallway. “Cas?!”
“Have you been praying to him?” Charlie asked suddenly. “In the books, you were always shooting off prayers to him and he’d show up in a heartbeat.”
“Is this like a laptop?” Castiel asks.
“Obviously,” Dean said breathlessly, instead of resorting to threats, and kissed him again. How was it that his lips were chapped when he was straight off a ten year stint in heaven? Dean felt like he had something tearing inside him, built-up longing pulling outwards and away from him. And he was angry. So, so angry, an anger he hadn’t felt in years; burning, hot, clawing anger, but the pull was stronger; laced with fear and regret. They could’ve had this ten years ago, before that anger settled in, before he had to stare into the face of the dark side of loving someone with so much of yourself. He could feel his fingers gripping tighter, almost punishingly tight on Cas's arms.
He tugged at Dean’s hair again, hard, downwards, and Dean’s knees faltered; at the pressure he was suddenly sinking, suddenly hitting the ground, kneeling at Cas’s feet, staring up at him.
“Pretty sure,” Sam said. “But…”
meant ‘leave me alone’ when he’d said as much, then fine. Dean was supposed to live his life, he could do that. He could. He wasn’t a child, wasn’t the broken little toy Thomas figured him as.
acting strangely?”
“He’s human,” Dean blurted, the knowledge still burning warm and soft in his chest. Sam nodded slowly, making a ‘well, okay’ sort of face, lips downturned.
His feet carried him back down the hall, and he shuffled into the bathroom tiredly. Who were they to decide that their lives—
“Around,” Dean said. He trooped down the stairs and gestured for Benny to follow him to the kitchen. “You drink beer now that you’re a real boy?”
Castiel frowns. “I am not...I do not...”
“Whatever,” Dean said. “Just please tell me you didn’t tell him
” Jody said from her perch on the stairs. Dean shot a glare up at her, but she already looked chagrined, like she hadn’t meant to speak out loud at all. There was a whole damn peanut gallery up there. Jody cringed and turned towards the others, saying something quiet that made them all slowly trudge back up and out of the bunker.
“It won’t be,” Cas said, and he pinched the straw paper off his shirt and dropped it on the table before picking up his own straw, ripping it off, and blowing the rest at Dean. It flew through the air breezily, right over Dean’s shoulder, and Cas bit his lip. Dean swallowed, wanted to—
“I mean, I already pulled Cas out of the Empty,” Jack said.
Sometimes, when Cas was casually exposed like he was now, his arms visible in a way that would’ve been hard to even picture for so many years, Dean wanted to reach out and touch. To feel—
“You’ll have to debrief me sometime,” Charlie said. “We’ll decide then if you need just an intervention or something more severe.”
“I did,” Castiel says, turning away again to keep walking. He decides to aim for the alley between the electronics store and this library, assuming that it will be empty for his departure.
Dean felt himself flush, and he reached for his water. “I didn’t.”
Something angry and cold and wanting unfurled in Dean’s chest and he gritted his teeth as he took a deep breath. “You’ve done it before,” he bit out.
“We’ll be fine,” Dean said. He blinked down at the empty plate in front of him. One gone already. “Besides, you have Eileen, don’t ya?”
Sam nodded.
“Why haven’t you been answering your phone?” she asked. “Like, for a week. Sam said you wouldn’t pick up when he called, either. I was this close to telling Sam your location and sending him out to find you.”
Dean’s boots scuffed along the pavement as he walked the long path around the furthest edge of the motel, back towards the parking lot and the office. He didn’t like that the clerk had stuck them in the ass of the motel, either—where he couldn’t even see the Impala out the window. But the motel was cheap, it was there, and it bragged that the restaurant attached to its neck had
it away until he was pulling at the cloth over his face and a rush of fresh, woodsy air hit him.
Dean...had a lot to say. He found himself whispering to Cas as they began the hunt proper—commenting on the degree of heart-eyes Sam was giving Eileen. Commenting on the stupidity of
Cas’s brow furrowed, and suddenly things started folding away from Dean, pulling back and creasing away into shadows.
“You’re an asshole, Cas,” Dean said, and he pushed closer, his forearm bracing over Cas’s chest.
“I did try!” Dean said. “I did try. And you know what? Maybe I would’ve succeeded, if you hadn’t told me what you did that day. Or if I hadn’t killed you, saying it back. Or if you hadn’t promised to come back to me.”
“Jesus Christ, you’re so—”
” Dean said, rolling his eyes. His heart thudded in his throat. “Let’s get dinner,
“Welcome back, Cas,” he said. “I haven’t forgiven you yet, even if Dean has, but I’m glad you’re back.”
“Two or three—but wasn’t Dean praying to you?” Charlie asked. She leaned over a chair, bracing her arms on the back of it.
He woke up to banging. It was erratic—a few heavy, metallic thuds, then silence. Then, a minute later, they’d start up again. He slid the gun out of his bedside drawer—he’d graduated from sleeping with it under his pillow sometime last December—and stuffed his feet into his slippers. Spook in the bunker or not, his feet deserved to be warm.
Hands grabbed at him, and he scrambled up, shaking the fuzzy, dreamlike feeling away.
“Oh,” she says, shoving him into the wall. Deep blackness suddenly pools over her eyes, and she bares her teeth. “What are you doing down here, filthy thing?”
Someone brushed up against him and he turned his head just enough to see them. The woman’s curling brown hair was long enough to trail against the bartop and flirt at the bare skin at his elbow. There was a big gap beside him—three barstools unoccupied. Plenty of room to not come anywhere near him to get to the bar.
Castiel watched him march around gruffly, knowing that despite his tough-guy act, he would end up the same way the next time he slept next to Castiel.
“Longer than
But the moment he slipped away and the endless, ricocheting thought of
Cas’s hand that had been lingering at Dean’s hip was abruptly at Dean’s shoulder instead, his palm cupped over the very spot his own handprint seared into Dean’s flesh so long ago.
“Castiel,” Dean said, and a tense bolt of want sliced down his spine. “
Cas lifted his head momentarily to Sam before his gaze went straight back to Dean’s.
Sam looked up from his baby, his eyes bright, and frowned only momentarily at Dean before his attention snapped back to the baby.
“Why didn’t you come?” Dean asked. Even though his dream-self spoke calmly, much calmer than the racing thoughts in Dean’s mind, he cringed at the wounded, open vulnerability that he could feel creeping out of him.
Dean’s hands fisted in the sheets beside his legs. This shouldn’t be hard. He’d prayed to Cas a thousand times. More than that.
Dean laughs, and Castiel fumbles to capture the expression. He's accidentally switched on the flash, and several patrons turn towards him, their eyes accusative. A waitress approaches him, and he turns away, walking towards the bathroom.
But they were on their feet again, fighting again—and Dean prodded at the strange feeling he’d gotten alongside the adrenaline surge as he’d stared up at certain death for the millionth time. The last vamp shoved and snarled at him as he tried to untangle the snarled burst of thoughts and emotions he’d felt. Fear—he wasn’t sure what it was that awaited him after death. Disappointment, maybe—he’d accepted the idea of normalcy, of living for a while and dying with years of plaque in his arteries. But also, something darker and meaner. Hope. Whatever came after life, it was somewhere away from Earth. Somewhere he could have what he’d always imagined alongside normalcy.
Thomas hovered over him, his movements paused at Dean’s motion. Dean’s face felt hot suddenly; his breaths felt tight and too fast in his chest.
Dean sat down across from Benny, his pulse racing. This was real. Something good for a change—a win. A pretty big one, really.
He did once arrive in a broom cupboard with one of the waitstaff, but fortunately they were snorting cocaine and didn't exactly feel inclined to tell anyone what they'd seen, or what they thought they'd seen. Once in a blue moon Castiel would arrive in a bathroom, always going for the first stall of the men's restroom- the one nobody ever used because a) nobody wants to use a Biggerson's toilet, and b) if worst came to worst and a man had to use a toilet, they'd use the last one just by psychological urge to be less ostentatious.
“It hasn’t...ten years?” Cas said, his eyes wide. “But—”
"No, not at all," Sam said. "We have nothing to do today."
“Wha—”
when he was away.
he’d felt when he saw the ring box, or if Sam had prayed to Cas even though he didn’t know Cas was out of the empty.
“Wha—Cas, I don’t—” He tried to laugh, but his words kept—kept catching, and— Dean’s face was burning hot, and he blinked fast. When had he lost control of this situation?
Sam almost looked like he might cry, and Dean huffed. He picked up one of the pies, not even looking to see what it was, and shoved it at Sam. Eileen stood up.
again. Castiel had cursed himself at the time, realizing that he should have been using an old camera, one that would print the picture immediately so that he could write down the location of the Biggerson' the picture had come from. He had shook his head at his own stupidity- he'd gotten so enveloped in taking the photographs that he hadn't been looking at the restaurants until he went back through to look back. If he started doing both those things- looking and labeling, then he could see
“I said to call me Castiel,” Cas said, and he quickly stood and grabbed Dean by the waist and pushed and lifted, practically
“Dean—I’m telling you I wasn’t listening as closely. You wanted me out of your head; I left. I didn’t—I thought you weren’t reaching out to me.” Cas spoke urgently, his eyes wide and fixed on Dean. “And when you—when I saw you in that dream on the dock, and you asked me how I’d left you, Dean, it was the hardest thing I could have done. I started planning how to finish my work with Jack and return to you as soon as you woke. I don’t know...I don’t know how so many years passed.”
He set the bottles down in the sink without throwing any of them and shook his head slightly. He wasn’t sure how he’d manage to sleep, with the adrenaline coursing in him. His hands were still shaking slightly, his body nowadays unused to so many stimuli.
Cas smiled slightly, drawing Dean’s eyes down to his lips and back up.
The first time it happened, Dean had woken up slowly, confused by his unusual warmth. Then he had glanced up and seen Castiel and realized that their legs were intertwined and that his head was resting on Castitel's stomach. As soon as he realized, he jumped up, muttering about checking the perimeter.
“It’s beautiful,” Cas said. “You’re beautiful, like this.”
"I can't sleep," Dean said, feeling like a child.
“Why do you think you want me to hurt you?” Cas said, his voice suddenly light and casual; his hand slid slowly along Dean’s neck, curving around the back of it, tugging Dean forward slightly. Dean’s hand fell away haltingly, brushing first against Cas’s side and then quickly pressing back against the wall to grasp at the cold, hard surface fruitlessly.
“Uh,” Dean said. Every coherent thought he’d ever managed to conjure had vanished from his mind, leaving just vague tendrils of…
Dean blinked, struck mute. “What?”
anyone had to die.
Cas faced Dean. It was too much; Dean almost ached with it, but he couldn’t give it up, either. When Cas closed his eyes and shuffled around, settling into the mattress, Dean reluctantly let his own tired eyes finally slip closed. He counted his breaths. He tensed his arms and legs and toes; let them relax one by one.
“Shut up,” Dean muttered back.
Sam frowned. “No, not for a while,” he said, glancing over his shoulder at Eileen, who shook her head. Dean’s fingers tightened where his hand gripped the door frame, and Sam shrugged, the gesture a little too forced. “He’s probably just in the bathroom or something. Trying to remember how to floss.”
Even goddamn
“I’ll stay,” he said.
“No. No,” Dean said. “I just haven’t left that place in a while to do anything but hunt or visit Sam.”
Benny raised his eyebrows. “You talkin’ to your angel?” he asked.
Cas started to reach for the couch; he stuck a hand into the gap between the cushions, and Dean found himself standing again. Cas paused, looking over at Dean again, his hand braced against the couch.
“I just thought you were someone I knew, I'm sorry to trouble you,” he says, stumbling away from Dean, suddenly afraid.
Dean opened the door as he spoke the last word of the spell and lunged forward. The thing was at the foot of the bed, its hands curled around the ankles of a husband and wife who were staring blankly at a TV at the foot of the bed. Dean’s hands clamped down on its back; the texture of the thing like smoke and water made solid. Relief and fear struck through his heart, and then everything was gone.
He waited, sitting on the end of his bed and trying to remember to breathe. He toed off his boots, prodding them towards the corner but not getting up. He stood up hesitantly, peeling off his jacket before padding out to the hall to brush his teeth. He leaned down to spit only halfway, stooping awkwardly over the sink. Keeping his eyes on the mirror.
Cas watched him carefully. Sometimes Dean felt like he was a long-running experiment of Cas’s. See how humanity ticks.
“You display several of the behaviors, but others you disdain.”
Dean felt the blood drain out of his face. He couldn’t— He couldn’t know about
“Yeah, what? After another ten families died?” Dean asked.
Cas reached under the couch cushion now and Dean ran a hand over his mouth. This was not going the way he’d—the way he’d pictured. Fine, sue him, he’d pictured it. Just—just being close, the brushing of arm against arm. Even Cas’s inevitably cold feet, icy even across the bed, icier when they’d accidentally touch Dean’s calves.
“No, no,” Dean said, standing up. “Seriously. It’s just me most of the time.”
“And just—just so you know,
He crept out into the hallway and listened for the banging to return. It was coming from the main entrance, echoing down into the bunker. He climbed the stairs slowly. Last time...last time he had an unexpected visitor at this door, it hadn’t ended well.
“I’m getting cider too,” he said, walking off before either of the two lovebirds could comment.
Dean waited expectantly for a minute before sighing and trying again. “Cas, seriously. I know someone intervened here; Benny was dead-dead. Beyond purgatory dead. Out of existence dead.”
“You don’t want to keep hunting?” Dean asked, his voice a little too high and tense. “Is that it?”
“Sammy no,” Dean repeats, his voice frantic.
“Yeah, yeah,” Dean huffed, pushing himself vertical again. “I’m getting a motel, if that’s what you’re so worried about.”
“Sam,” the old man says, and Castiel adds that name to his information.
Oh, God. If Cas had turned up the sensitivity of his prayer radio, if Dean ever—if Cas’s name ever came to mind at an inopportune moment, he would—
way. Beating, yearning, aching, the way Dean’s did. The way he tried not to let it.
Dean’s mouth was dry. Sometimes, human Cas reminded him so much of the Cas he’d seen in the future. The Cas that didn’t care. The Cas that, if Dean wasn’t a total idiot (which was also possible), had all but invited Dean to join in an orgy with him. He’d given Dean this knowing smirk and said
“Hey, you okay?” he asked, grabbing Benny’s shoulder when the last vampire head rolled. “I should’ve mentioned it was vamps, I don’t know if…”
“Listen,” Sam said. “There’s been...less hunts lately, right?”
His hand pressed over the bulge where Dean’s cock strained against his jeans, and Dean jolted, a gasp wrenching out of him. His grip tightened briefly before it slid away and a hotter, damper pressure replaced it. Dean lifted his head slightly and saw Cas’s mouth pressed to his jeans, his eyes fixed on Dean’s face.
“I can’t do this,” Dean said urgently, tension suddenly gripping at him, pulling him away. He stood up, pressing his hands to his face.
“Sam, you and I have never had the exact sort of bond that Dean and I share,” Cas said slowly. “I didn’t realize you’d been praying.”
“Got any big plans after you close up?” Dean asked as Thomas came around to give his usual ‘closing time’ comment.
“You’ll find someone, you know,” Charlie said.
“I disagree,” the man says.
? If you cared so much about my fucking—happiness, or whatever? You’d be here.”
Dean’s brow flickered with a frown as he read the hope and nervousness in his little brother’s eyes. It was like Sam was just waiting for an explosion. Or waiting for Dean to tell him that their work wasn’t done, that Sam couldn’t just quit.
“Benny…”
Castiel doesn't particularly want to move forward in time too significantly, thinking that perhaps Dean would be less angry with him if Castiel could manage to find him quickly. The five hundred Biggerson's that Castiel knows of in the United States fly by him in quick succession, and he does not bother to change his clothes. So be it if their security cameras each capture the same man in the same place in the same restaurant in the same time in different places. Nobody could catch him, anyway.
Dean looked over at his brother with alarm in his eyes. "What?" he asked, an incredulous look on his face. "Why would you ask that?"
The door swings open and Castiel disappears just in time to see Dean staring at him, a slight frown on his face. Castiel finds himself smiling when he reaches a hotel.
“What?”
The bartender—Thomas—already had his drink waiting for him, and Dean picked it up with a nod as he glanced around at the other patrons in the bar. It was starting to fill up fast, much faster than it had a few days ago when there’d been max six people in the bar at any given time all night.
“God, it’s like...was I ever even good at this?” she cried one night, staring at her computer. “It’s like trying to herd cats to get you two some working credit cards. Have you ever considered maybe getting a real job and starting from scratch? I think I could start you from scratch with new identities.”
“I, uh.” He took a breath. “You remember how Dad was.”
“Just go back to the bunker, please,” Charlie said. “You can’t just isolate yourself and drink yourself to death in freaking Nebraska.”
Sometimes, when Dean couldn’t sleep, he’d pray until Cas replied. It wasn’t so often anymore, not like the years when Dean would say more to Cas and hear more in response every day than he’d say to or hear from anyone else. He had to really push now; make it crystal clear that he was praying, that he wanted to hear something, wanted to talk, wanted to know if Cas was any closer to returning. If the years that had passed had told Dean anything, it was that he only wanted one thing.
Benny nodded and looked down at the ground for a second.
“I’ll keep looking,” Sam said. He tucked the paper into the spell book and shut it with a sigh. “I gotta get home tonight, though.”
She laughs again. “You must be a reject,” she says. “Kicked out, or what?”
Cas shrugged; swallowed laboriously. “It’s interesting.”
Dean blinked fast, staring up at the ceiling until Cas took a slow breath and his hand loosened slightly, and Dean’s gaze lowered to meet Cas’s again.
“Not even gonna try tonight?”
“Cas, just go to bed, man, it’s late,” Dean said. “We’ve been up all day.”
her mentally ticking off all the giant rainbow flags sticking out of Dean over the years.
He glanced back at Cas uncertainly, and Cas just stood there, arms crossed,
“You stupid son of a—” Dean pressed a hand to his forehead.
“Where are you—” Dean managed hoarsely, his hands twitching to grasp something.
“You don’t like to share beds,” Cas said. The meatloaf stuck in the back of Dean’s throat and he reached for the water to quickly swallow it down so he wouldn’t choke or cough. Cas continued. “But you share food. You won’t use straws. But you don’t have a problem with feminine clothes.”
“I don’t have to,” Cas said. Dean’s hand drifted up of its own accord; curling around Cas’s wrist at his throat, and he realized his hands were shaking.
Dean grunts and lets out an odd shout.
“Doesn't take much, hardly a push,” the old man says. “Oh America- all you can eat all of the time, consume consume, a swarm of locusts in stretch pants, and yet you're all still starving because hunger doesn't just come from the body, it comes from the soul.”
Castiel has seen many more people from the past and future than any normal human. He's seen a woman who claimed to be a “supermodel”, paid to be beautiful, and she found it offensive when he said that she was “completely the same as every other female”.  He's seen a famous young man who was in the middle of being chased by young girls who called him “perfect” and screamed as they tried to catch the boy. But he's never met any person as stunningly, overwhelmingly perfect as Dean. To Castiel his face seems crafted by angels, the sort of person who could spark a second Trojan war, the sort of person who could inspire Michelangelo.
But to some extent, Castiel feels that Dean's beauty was not what moved Castiel to track him down. The expression on Dean's face in that first photograph was what motivated the obsession. The hint of suspicion, mingled with the bright curiosity that seldom remains in a human beyond their childhood years.
“Well, we could try telling the family we think it’s targeting,” Sam said, running a hand through his hair. It was getting thin, his hairline inching backwards steadily, and Dean brushed a hand over his own hair, which was doing pretty damn well with age. He always knew Sam would be the one to go bald. Cared too damn much about his hair.
“Why would you—”
"Dean." Sam said. "You were practically on top of Cas."
He felt hands shove at him and the vamp, pushing him ever-so-slightly to his left as the vamp’s head went flying and he and the vamp slammed into a hard post.
Benny grinned slightly, one side of his lips lifting.
Dean dropped his eyes to the toaster as he felt his cheeks heat. “I’m sure you can handle yourself,” he said. “It’s not like we’ll be killing God or anything. Maybe a ghost, or a chupacabra.”
Dean’s feet stumbled into motion under him, chasing after Cas as he walked oh-so-casually through the bunker, towards the bedrooms. Dean’s own bedroom door hung open as he staggered into the hall after Cas, and when he reached the doorway he found Cas sitting at the edge of the bed, pulling off his shoes, his coat and jacket already draped over a chair.
Cas’s other hand dragged up along Dean’s stomach, lingering where his ribs curved apart just beneath his chest, where his breath rose and fell raggedly., and his thumb brushed over Dean’s nipple through his shirt. Dean’s hand moved to grasp, to steady himself against Cas’s, but Cas’s head tilted slightly, warningly.
“My pleasure,” Maria said idly.
“Everything’s fine,” Cas said easily. Sam lingered, and Dean sighed.
Sam and Eileen were signing to each other in the front seats, but Dean couldn’t quite see enough to make anything out. He sank back, focusing instead on the stars in the clear night sky.
He sat in the backseat of the impala, his side too sore to lift his right arm all the way, and held gauze to the wound. Normalcy. Another taste. It wasn’t too bad.
Dean rounds the corner and gapes at him. The lights snap on- Castiel sees the larger man at the wall by the door, fiddling with the circuit breaker that is usually hidden underneath a wallpaper covered panel.
Cas didn’t reply again, and Dean rolled his eyes. “Cas.”
He didn’t know what it was he needed to say to Cas anyway. Maybe, he thought, as they tossed their empty pie plates and his multiple forks in the trash...maybe there was nothing to say.
“I can’t believe this,” he said. “How the hell are you alive?”
“Oh, Jesus
He reached for Cas, taking the last step in towards him before his hand fisted in Cas’s shirt, the other drawing up against the side of Cas’s cheek, and the last thing he saw was Cas’s mouth parting, his eyes going wide, before Dean pressed himself in where Cas was taking a sharp, surprised breath, and stole it off his lips.
“I mean,
And maybe it was stupid it had only been a few times, or that he’d been so drunk on liquid bravery each time. Because Thomas’s weight over him, the rough scratch of his stubble on Dean’s face, it was—it was good. He could do this. He’d gotten past the hard part, the part where he had to pretend like he was paying attention to the actual person and not just the feeling of skin on skin.
He sighed. For the first time in a long time, he felt stupid to be praying. It felt like he was talking to no one. Talking to himself.
“Like what?”
“And you think that’s what you should do this time?” Charlie asked skeptically.
every few weeks. And Dean was just...waiting. Waiting for the ruffling sound of wings in the air, waiting for the croaking
“You're right,” Sam says. “But it'll work on them.”
“Dean, I have seen the way he looks at you, not to mention
he signed, wearily smiling and taking his toast on the move. She nodded to him, but her gaze quickly flickered to Sam with a soft sort of ‘what’s up with him’ written all over her.
“Cas,” Dean said. He loosened his tie slightly, finding it hard to get a full breath of air. “Someday…”
All that--devastation, betrayal, murderous affection--and he hadn’t even been able to spit out the actual words. They were there, screamed into the abyss, the spaces in his mind he’d systematically carved away over the years. Echoing. But he hadn’t been able to say them. And yet.
“Charlie, I’m fine. I needed some air.”
“You’re frustrating,” Cas said, and he stepped closer, nudging Dean’s knees apart to step between them. “You push and push, and you never let me...touch.”
” Dean breathed.
Dean panted as Cas worked him open, his fingers smoothing past years of disuse, years of being untouched. Of pretending that he didn’t know how good it felt, to let something in, to have someone hover over him, to feel that heavy warmth pressing down on him.
There was a long pause, the line crackling softly at the empty air.
The old man starts screeching, and Castiel becomes tempted to look.
“I—” Dean swallowed. He tipped his head slightly, pleadingly, at Cas.
pathetic.
“I’m not Sam, am I?”
He shook his head and yanked open the bathroom door, sticking his toothbrush back where it belonged. Cas followed his lead, disappearing into the bathroom silently, and Dean shucked off his layers, replaced his henley with a t-shirt and stared down at his legs, bare under his boxers.
“Spit it out,” Dean said, a ghost of a grin in his cheeks.
Cas leaned back suddenly and loosened his tie with rough movements before pulling it off entirely. Dean’s mouth went dry as Cas shucked off his shirt and his hands lingered at his slacks, palming himself. A gnashing, cold little voice in Dean’s head suddenly snapped quiet—Cas wanted this as much as him. He didn’t just want to touch for the sake of it, or want to make Dean feel good in some distant, angelic way, he
the realization and the soft gasp as Cas backed off again—had made Dean’s knees give out. Not that making his knees give out was a hard thing to do anymore.
He pushed himself away and walked to his bedroom. He pulled off his clothes—comfortable, simple stuff he was inclined to wear when he wasn’t even leaving the bunker for the day. He pulled on jeans, sighing at the way the button was only barely able to close. He didn’t particularly care how his body was shifting and changing in response to his home-cooked diet and the increasing infrequency of hunts, but it was a pain in the ass to go and find new clothes every few years instead of just sticking to the same stuff until holes wore through them.
"No," Sam said, shrugging. "We've got nothing going on."
Dean paused and sighed, leaning against the door. “What else is new?”
“Cas?” he gasped.
“Someone told me once that it’s creepy to watch people sleep,” Cas said sleepily, his eyes already closing again.
Dean shook his head. Her face went to that soft, pitying expression again, then it pinched to something tighter and angrier.
She squinted at the key, then at him.
The second fork went flying, and Dean cringed back at Sam and Eileen’s incredulous expressions.
close. But it wasn’t Cas. This would never be Cas; would never be anything like…
“So where were you?” Dean exclaimed. Cas jerked back slightly. “Where were you, then?”
So he didn’t get to break the news to Cas. Big whoop. He’d have the pleasure of grinning wildly at Sam’s bitch face when Dean managed to blurt out the news to Garth, Jody, Donna,
“You freaked out when I—I said ‘Jesus Christ.’ I’ve been down that road before; guys who had a little too much Bible thumping in their youth to ever get out of their head.”
Dean’s straw sat on the table to his left, having rolled towards the ketchup and jams. Cas took a sip from his water, his lips closing around the straw slowly. Dean cleared his throat.
“Oh, for—” Dean sighed, shutting his eyes for a second. “I’m fine.”
, he grimaced slightly, his mouth quirking down.
“Yeah,” Dean sighed. “It’s not like being out here’s got a point, anyway.”
“No such thing anymore,” Dean said. He waved Benny into the bunker and watched as the man walked down the stairs. What in the hell. Or what in the purgatory, he thought, smirking at himself.
Cas was breathing steadily, the only noise in the room besides the softly rattling air conditioner by the window. With the light from the moon outside, his face was cast in blue shadows, soft and pliant along his cheeks.
Cas’s gaze went cold and droll. “No.”
They could’ve had this years ago. He could’ve tasted the static electricity on Cas’s tongue, could have dug his hands into Cas’s hair and pulled him closer.
Dean stepped back inside the room, walking up to Sam to pat his shoulder and grin.
“And I know you like to assume that I don’t—that you don’t mean as much to me as you do, but you had to have known what you were doing to me, and I don’t—”
“Dean?”
Cas’s face crumpled, all the lines and creases of age—age that would never become deeper; would always stay the same—standing out for a moment as he looked back at Dean. It was—it was like Dean’s body was being as cracked open and obvious as he felt on the inside, broken open like an orange split by two enormous hands. He couldn’t get his body to stand up, all he could do was kneel, sitting on his heels, his head tilted up, the sun warming his exposed neck.
Castiel has never lived a human life, but for the first time, as he stands in an inconsequential hotel room, he wants to. If he had been obsessed
And then he pulled, and the cushions flew up and the pull-out couch unearthed itself from beneath with a righteous squeal of metal. Dean realized he’d taken a step closer, like he could stop this from happening, and he found himself standing at the foot of a pathetic twin-sized pull-out bed, right beside Cas, who was staring down at the bed.
“You’re leaving?”
Cas didn’t say anything in response, but Dean smiled down at his socked feet. He was being wildly transparent, for him. Even Cas would know as much—Dean didn’t make a comment like that and not mean it ten times over.
you wanted space. I backed off. You didn’t want me being in your head, watching what you did, making sure you had a chance to be happy. I thought you could do it on your own if I just...gave you...space.”
“Yeah,” he said. “I think I’ll go and visit her for a while, maybe leave next week.”
Footsteps shuffled softly on the deck just behind him, and Dean turned his head only slightly. He didn’t feel quite like he could control his body here—inside, he was gasping, twisting around and lunging desperately. Running, the way he’d run for the door when Lucifer came calling as Cas.
A breath released heavily from Dean’s lungs, and he stepped forward, bringing Benny to him in a tight hug.
Castiel was still waiting in the car when Sam and Dean finally went out to leave, and Castiel didn't comment either. The next time they stopped at a motel, which was after two nights and three days of being awake for the sake of a case, Sam told Castiel he was welcome to wait on the couch in the room rather than the car outside, thinking that forcing him to sit in the car was a little rude.
“So what was the whole bender you went on about?” Sam asked, his voice lighter now, moved on entirely. Thank god. “Get in a fight?”
Porky’s was starting to feel familiar. He walked in—Saturday night this time, he was pretty sure—and took his usual seat, the one with the rip down the side of the cushion.
It wasn’t until they were climbing out of the Impala, to stare at the suddenly-repopulated town they’d stood lonely in only a day ago, that something unlatched in Dean and the weight of what they’d done swept out of his chest and dug into his fingertips. Sam wandered ahead, drifting into the crowd and laughing up at a woman changing the letters on a movie theater’s facade, dumbfounded at the life around him.
“Cas, can we stop with the third degree?” Dean sighed. They rounded the far corner to their room and Dean stuck the key in the lock and turned, letting them into the cool, cave-like space with a wave of that slightly moldy-smelling AC air.
“If you need anything, there’s a supply room right over there,” Dean said.
out of himself, maybe someone different than his usual would do.
Helen shifted slightly, repositioning on her barstool, her fingers adjusting where she clutched her shoulder bag.
entire families dying. It always left one of the kids. Every single one of the kids they’d tracked down so far had been too terrified and traumatized to even talk about what had happened to them. Or, maybe, Dean couldn’t help but wonder, the thing was doing something to the children and had left them alive for a reason. Something like what had happened to Sam, way back when.
It all went fuzzy; Cas’s movements slowing as Dean went boneless, all his muscles suddenly limp. He blinked through the fog and felt careful hands roll him over; felt a warm wetness slide along his stomach briefly, and he breathed heavily, trying to get his bearings on the world. When he could see clearly again, Cas was hovering beside the bed.
Dean froze, his beer—what number was this, anyway?—halfway to his lips. This was a road he didn’t often go down in his mind. It led to things that he knew he shouldn’t think about too much. Things that would inadvertently turn to prayers.
"What is it, Dean?" he asked, standing beside his bed.
“Yeah, yeah,” Dean said. He clamped one hand to the side of his ribs, feeling at a deep gash along his skin, skimming alongside his ribs. “That fucking—ow. That shit jabbed me.”
"What is it?" Dean asked again.
Cas glanced at the trash can and back at Dean. “Why did you ask for it to be boxed up if you didn’t want it?”
Thomas’s fingers trailed at the sliver of skin between Dean’s shirt and the top of his pants, and Dean shivered, grasping at Thomas’s arms.
“I’m just—”
The news story begins with a description of Dean and Sam's crimes. They are horrific, and Castiel's stomach feels empty and uncomfortable. This continues for most of the article. The author of the article comments proudly that they 'did some extensive research' into the boys and 'uncovered some revealing things'. It is then explained that in some old records from Kansas the author found that Sam and Dean's mother had died in a house fire that nearly killed the boys and their father, too. The author describes with words illustrating shock that from that point on, there were little to no records of the Winchesters as children. There were a few school records of the Winchester boys, but even those supposedly disappeared a few years after the fire.
“If I’d realized,” Cas said, leaning closer, his other hand suddenly searing heat into Dean’s hip, “I could’ve saved you the difficulty of trying to argue with me
“Dean,” Cas said. Dean realized he’d backed up far enough that his back was against some sort of shelving, and Cas was still right in front of him; his body casting warmth against Dean’s front. “Leaving you is the hardest thing I’ve ever had to do. Every time.”
“They have something called a donut burger,” Cas said, twisting the brochure to show Dean. “It sounds horrible. I think you should get it.”
“We have all the time in the world,” Cas said. He took one step closer. “I promise.”
“What the...?” Sam gasps, out of breath. Castiel glances over at him, seeing the man lean onto his knees. Castiel focuses on the image of a random hotel room and goes there, uncharacteristically stumbling onto the carpet. There is a heavy weight tugging at his tie, and Castiel glances down. Dean is clutching his tie from his knees, his face incredulous.
“I’m just—they said they weren’t going to intervene,” Dean said.
The call bleeped its end and Dean gritted his teeth as he dug the motel key out of his pocket. He opened the motel room door and grabbed his duffel where it was lying open next to the door. Maybe it was a good thing that he was always in the habit of never settling down when he was in this type of place, always keeping everything in a ready-to-go sort of set up.
“Dean,” Charlie said sternly. Dean blinked and realized Charlie had called his name a few times already. “Come here.”
It wasn’t long before there was another Winchester in the world—a year and a half, to be precise. Dean spent most of Eileen’s pregnancy in a state of panic, realizing that he knew absolutely nothing about pregnancy or how to prevent things from going wrong.
The familiar twinge of guilt flicks on in his stomach as he leaves his bill unpaid, and he quickly finds a new Biggerson's to photograph. The restaurant is dark- not something Castiel has seen before. He glances at the clock to find that it is seven pm, which is well before closing time.
“Dean, I would move heaven and earth—I
“Nervous?” Dean said, muffled by his mouthful.
That was how Sam found them, moments later- Dean pressed up against the car, rather heatedly kissing the angel he'd denied having a relationship with.
Dean’s fingers tingled restlessly at his sides, and he raised them, grasping at Cas’s coat as he stared up at him. What did he want? It was too much to name; too much to take. It was everything—the feeling that chased him, the feeling that caught in his throat when he glanced over his shoulder and found that Cas was still watching even as Dean walked away, the feeling that curled in the pit of his stomach when Cas’s hands twitched towards him but never touched.
“Computers,” he says, gesturing for Castiel to follow him through an archway. “I'll help you, you seem a little...” he glances at Castiel. “Oblivious.”
Cas just shrugged, his eyes wide and worried.
Dean bit at the flesh inside his lip and shrugged. “Well, anyway, that’s what’s eating me. Cas is ignoring me.”
And there was something uncanny about having a new God. Dean was pretty sure that uncanny something was the fact that he knew Jack was about as qualified as a golden retriever to be God. Not that that was a bad thing—a golden retriever would make a much better God than Chuck.
“Oh, dude, the serial killer? I heard about him, it's crazy,” the guy says, pressing keys. Dean's name appears on the screen, and abruptly an image of him comes up.
Both of the Winchester slept for a long time, obviously having been sleep deprived, and Sam happened to wake first, immediately noticing the fact that there were two people in the other bed.
The next few Biggerson's are stuffed full of people, and Castiel gets pictures quickly, not quite at ease around the large crowds.
Dean flinched and his heart thudded loud in his ears.
“We’re not going to be able to just forget the last ten years,” Charlie said. Dean shot her a glance, and she shrugged. “It’s been hard, watching you try and fail to move on. Sam and I—”
Sam’s little antiquities dealer plan had turned into a real job with a real fake identity, and Eileen, being a stable and much more normal person than Dean or Sam, found a real job that was even more normal. And they found a house that was the normalest thing of all. A ranch with a, no joke, white picket fence. And it was only a thirty minute drive, for all that Dean complained about the distance.
“Demon?” the larger one suggests, seeming disinterested.
sign to dark. Dean gave him a nod and made a beeline for the car.
He positions himself by the random plant in the corner, as he always does, and raises his camera, about to take the picture, when he hears a shout.
Dean blinked, his eyes dry and sore, like he’d been staring into the sun.
“Hey,” Dean said, knocking at the threshold softly. Sam glanced up from where he stood at the foot of the bed, and stepped closer when he saw Dean.
“If you want to read the whole news story, you can go to the library next door and look it up.”
“Thanks, man,” Dean said weakly.
Castiel yanks away from the woman.
“I don’t know,” Dean said, lowering his beer. “I guess I figure if I can save people, I’ve kinda got an obligation to do it, don’t I?”
Dean’s heart thudded off-center in his chest and his eyes dropped to the bartop.
When he begins to feel hungry- it's not very often- he'll order a turkey sandwich and an iced tea with no ice, because he couldn't possibly stomach anything else on their menu. Most of the time he'd just walk calmly into the dining area (the trick was to seem perfectly at ease, as if everyone else was wrong) and snap a picture before leaving.
Claire still looked terrified. “Why don’t you seem happy about it?” she asked anxiously.
He returned with a bag of donuts a while later to find Dean still asleep and still intertwined with Castiel, so he averted his gaze and dropped the bag on a small table, taking food for himself and sitting on the couch rather awkwardly.
It was only as they were parking at the pie festival near the case that Dean squared his shoulders and took a deep breath, shaking off the not-dream from last night. Of course Cas was abandoning him and everyone else for the rest of forever. What else was new? Why wouldn’t he? It was what he always did, over and over and over. Leave.
Sam laughed incredulously, his eyes wide. He hugged him tightly, nearly knocking Dean over. “What’s going—what’s going on? We could ask you the same thing.”
The bartender drifted away, throwing his towel over his shoulder as he walked away. The woman—Helen—was smiling a little different now, almost shy.
“Beautiful,” Cas said, almost offhandedly, and Dean tensed.
“What?”
He raised his eyebrows at Castiel, glancing down at Dean, whose body was thoroughly wrapped around Castiel's. Castiel looked back at Sam for a moment before looking down at Dean's relaxed face and deciding that this was a good thing.
“Looking for...cider,” Dean said.
His tongue darted out, a mind of its own, and Cas’s thumb shifted—to avoid him, or to try and catch the movement? Dean could feel his pulse, it was beating a rhythm into his bones.
His phone buzzed and he pulled it out of his pocket and stared at the screen with bleary eyes. Charlie. Charlie? He swiped to answer the call and thumbed the speakerphone button as he sunk back down to fully horizontal. Or mostly horizontal, since his legs were in an awkward tangled half-off the seat sort of situation.
“Dean?” The bathroom door creaked open. “What are you doing on the floor?”
“Is—should I, you think—should I take off...more?” Dean said haltingly, his breath shuddering in and out of him, his pulse jittering his hands.
Dean shook his head. “I don’t even know what town we’re in.”
“They’re really happy,” Dean said offhandedly, later, as he sat in the grass with Charlie and watched Sam and Eileen dance in the quiet evening moonlight. Everyone had trooped off to sleep, either in hotels or back home or in a spare room of the bunker.
“Sure,” Dean said, already pulling out his wallet for the hand-written check she’d dropped on the table. Cas sat quietly as the waitress walked over to the counter and back with a styrofoam box in her hands, and as Dean handed her a few bills, folded over, definitely too much for the meal, and said “Keep the change.”
Things he didn’t say out loud. If history was something to go off of, if he did that, it would all get snatched away.
