“I suppose it is! Come on, it’s started to rain.”
useful on cases with The Met as a buffer between the people there who didn’t get along that well with Sherlock and the moody detective.
She rubbed her forehead and looked at her console clock,
“You with Holmes, ma’am?”
“Jesus, Sherlock! You’re a proper klutz, aren’t you?” John laughed, “C’mere.”
wouldn’t be here if not for
“That’s what people DO!” Jim screamed the last word, his personality changing in an instant.
“Holy Christ! That was amazing!” She gasped, “John did that?!”
“Because when even my anti-social, rude bastard of a best friend notices there’s something not quite on with you, it’s definitely bad. My brother’s been worried about you all week, knows you haven’t eaten or slept. I didn’t tell him, by the way, I know better.” She circled the bed, “But we’re not idiots. If there’s anything we can do to help you, just tell us. I mean, even Sally’s noticed, Greg, that’s how bad it’s gotten.”
“You’re not really friends with him, are you?”
“Donovan, as badly as I would love to see you put in your place once and for all, I’d rather you not provoke Colonel Watson any further. He would rip you to shreds.” Greg Lestrade stepped between them, breaking up the tension a bit more, “And I do not mean that in the figurative sense of publicly humiliating you with the kind of dressing-down you’ve deserved since 2011. You got away with a slap on the wrist and a month of desk-duty. I’d have taken your badge for what you did that day.”
“Who’d be a fan of Sherlock ’olmes?” The cabbie leaned across the table, “You’re not the only one to enjoy a good murder. There’s others out there just like you, except you’re just a man...and they’re so much more than that.”
“Surprise me.”
“Oh, Sherlock.” John rolled his eyes a bit. “You…”
“Christ. Did you know Beverley back then?”
despise him are pretty cruel. Between you two, Freak is almost a term of endearment. It’s Philip Anderson he doesn’t like at all.”
Judith decides to go to work for The Met and joins up as a Special Constable, a part-time volunteer position that puts her out on London's streets. That job leads to some ... interesting circumstances. To say the least.
about me, son.”
“That’s more than anyone else has managed.” Sherlock looked strangely pensive, “Thank you, for everything you’ve done for Jude.”
“I’ll stay. I have nothing demanding my attention at the moment.”
“Don’t drink the coffee.” He collected the cups and set them aside, “Trust me.”
“You’re a pretty girl, yeah? I bet you’re beautiful when you’re all cleaned up right.” She pulled off the coverall and bundled it up for later. The taxi was still there and she went to get the number and registration tags.
“So, where are we going?” John asked as they headed north on Baker Street towards Regent’s Park.
“Do you think you should be?”
“Okay. That is…weird.” She murmured, studying a relic of some kind contained behind glass, “What is this place?” Judith explored three rooms without seeing anyone, when she was absolutely certain this place wasn’t abandoned, until she reached a room of stone pillars with a set of great doors on one end carved with a symbol that looked very similar to the one on the massive front window.
“Hmm?”
“Yeah. That’s  just part of it.” John tilted his head. “I had my pelt stolen by one of my old commanders, but I got it back. It was…consensual, once I realized what he’d done and why. When he was discharged from the service, he gave it back to me and I had it sent home. I think it ended up with your brother.”
“What is
“Sort of? I mean, I’m a practical man, and magic doesn’t have much to do with my job or daily life, but…if I had to believe in something?”
“Who are you?” Greg demanded loudly. A door opened at the far end of the pool and a soft male voice with an Irish accent spoke from that direction, drawing their attention away from Judith.
“Hmm?”
“You all right?” Sherlock turned to Judith then. She deliberately kept her gaze away from them, presumably having been given instructions earlier about not talking to them. Jim walked forward again and reached her side.
“Fair is fair, dear Watson! May I use your last name?”
“Yay.” She rolled her eyes, nudged him off, and switched positions with him.
“I’m … so sorry, Sherlock.”
“ID unauthorised, sir.” Some poor corporal was talking to the base’s highest commanding officer, Richard Barrymore. A few privates held John and Sherlock at bay. The two were rather calm, all things considered, she saw the annoyed tension in her brother’s shoulders.
It was not unusual to find her Rover sitting outside of Baker Street on the days she ran street-patrols. She had taken to spending her time there waiting for calls to come in, and no one upstairs really minded or said anything if they did. Roben
, as were some of the volumes on psychology, anatomy, and pharmacology.
“John.” The scolding look was worth it.
rich!” She poked him in the ribs, “And you, sir, are
“Oh, of course! Anything I can do to help!”
“Anything good on?”
“Yes, Mrs Hudson.”
“Come visit me in London and I’ll return a favour,” Judith said over lunch. She had last eaten nearly twenty-four hours ago, and her New York friends had noticed.
flashy. He wanted to give her a ring she could wear all the time. The band had a mate, part of a his-hers set, and a quick check of the sizes had him wondering if his luck was
“Gentlemen, welcome back to Camp Bastion! To what do we owe the pleasure?” She smirked as she exchanged salutes and shook hands with the pair.
“God, are you sure about that?!” Greg couldn’t get over the fact that John and Judith were literally almost identical, “He looks more like you than the others!”
“You get this look on your face when you’re worried about something, but it’s not something everyone can see.” He fastened the stubborn buttons and straightened Sherlock’s jacket, “Time to show the world that Sherlock Holmes is alive and well.”
“Did we miss anything?”
him, for some reason.
“Full disclosure, in case you find yourself getting the second degree or are kidnapped off the streets by suspicious-looking black cars with tinted windows and pretty auburn-haired women in the backseat.”
“Later, Mrs Hudson?”
“He should be able to close up the scene if he has to. Weak stomach for this particular volume of blood.” She looked around, “Not that I blame him. It’s always a bit sickening to see so much blood confined to small spaces like this.”
Nuair chaidh mi sios dhan an abhainn an dé,
“Whoa, whoa. Take it easy.” he caught her as she slumped, “What
here full-time, of course, but … well, having a safe-house is always nice.” He looked around the small place he had lived in for so long but had never quite felt like home.
After the promotion ceremony, Judith returned to normal duties. She would undergo required classes for her new station as soon as possible. But she knew better than to think her transition would be a quiet one. With Jefferson Hope still on the streets of London, hunting his next victim or victims, she wasn’t about to relax.
“And yet?”
just murdered five people.”
charming.”
John Watson had never expected to be dismissed from one service, let alone two in his lifetime. And yet, the truth was staring him in the face in stark black and white. And it didn’t seem that either dismissal was voluntary. Not again. This could
“Well, if we’re doing this, we’re doing this properly.” John framed that unusual face with both hands, “I would love nothing more than to give you everything you want, but I want to do it properly. Safely.”
“Still.” She sighed. The fatigues had been stiffly starched to regulation standards, and itched a bit. She had the feeling this whole mess had been pre-planned, she had come home to find the uniform laid out on the bed, everything from smock to boots, freshly laundered and starched. She was a bit grateful she hadn’t found a dress-uniform laid out, that would have been awful.
“Who is
“Stay on guard, love. Be safe.” Moran hugged her and offered to hail a cab for her, but she didn’t let him.
“Do you
“Fantastic.” She sighed, “Did he ever figure out that I’m not a Special Constable anymore?”
“From where?!”
“Thanks for the wheels, Watson! She got a little roughed up, sorry about that!” The man had said cheerfully before disappearing to get seen to. John had quietly plotted Bennett’s demise for weeks before M shuffled the man off onto a dead-end mission a few months later and he was never seen alive again. No one had really mourned Bennett’s death, John certainly hadn’t.
“Don’t touch that coffee.” He said calmly.
“Oh my god.” He breathed, “Hutch?”
“Hi, Gerald.” She huffed, “Can you put me down? My, uh, feet don’t touch right now.”
Two days later, John found himself sitting in The Criterion Bar at 4 pm, one of a small group of regulars minding their own business and contemplating their futures, whatever those happened to be. He hadn’t been approached by anyone except the bartender, so when a glass was set at his place, he was a little surprised.
“Huh? Oh! That!” He strolled past Judith and reached out for the stick, grinning. “The missile plans!” He took the stick from Sherlock’s fingers and held it up, looking at it. Behind him, Judith was murmuring to herself, perhaps trying to keep herself focused, perhaps winding herself up to take action.
“Right.” His eyes narrowed, “What are you
“That pack must weigh as much as you do! Jesus!”
“Should I be?”
“I was neighbours with these people, I used to live here.” She looked back at the buildings, “Top floor, end apartment on the right, Stringer House. Don’t much miss it.”
“Because I wouldn’t be here if not for him.”
“Get off!”
, but she had no full-time job and she kind of knew more people on the force than outside it, not counting her brother and the Holmes boys and they didn’t really count anyway, so she worked a bit of overtime and no on
“Sherlock?”
“Well, they’re not going to know what they’re looking at, or if they do, they’ll still get it wrong. They always do. Especially if that hack Anderson is around.”
“She’s not going to mind at all, Greg,” John said, holding the door for Greg and Mycroft.
“John?” He queried softly, “Are you…alright?”
Judith! Moriarty had her! God knew what they’d done to her!
“Four…
“Oh, no you don’t.” John looked over his shoulder at Sherlock, eyes narrow, “I’ve been as many unspeakable places as you have in five years, Sherlock.”
“Judith, talk to me. What is going on?” Greg pulled her away from the door and sat her down at his desk, “I know for damn certain it’s only the fifteen years you were in the Army that’s kept you from breaking down. What happened?”
“Not dead.”
at this, oh Christ no, but it was
“If you like, we can go up there together. He should be in the lab right now.” Stamford said finally. “He either avoids the place for weeks or else he works there from morning to night.”
“Thank you, Charles,” Sherlock said politely. “Home, please.”
“Wouldn’t know that the way Sherlock goes on about us, would you?” Lestrade ruffled his hair, slightly annoyed.
“Small town, somebody tried to steal your brother’s wallet, and now my wife is wanted for attempted murder? Give ‘em something to do, Sherlock.” He chuckled and looked over at Hutchison. “Sure, give me a bit.”
“I can’t begin to imagine the kind of trouble John and Sherlock are in if we’re being sent to Baskerville.” Judith shook her head as she got dressed in clean, pressed fatigues. Greg was packing a few days of clothes for them and looked up at her.
“Are you calling me
“God, I missed you. I missed this.” He rubbed his cheek against Sherlock’s, “I missed
“That goes both ways, Sherlock.”
“You’re starting to believe in something bigger than yourself. That’s why you stayed here, there was more you can learn, more you can do.” She shrugged, “Did I forget anything?”
“Hasn’t seen me in nine months, Sherlock, you in three years.” He went out again after washing his hands, “You’re not
“I want to raise bees. You’d write our memoirs, you’re better at it than I am for story-telling, and we’d…well, I’d like to have dogs, too.”
“Hell if I know. Everything alright, Sherlock?” She called to get his attention.
a problem? You know them better than anyone else, yeah?”
.” He was trying not to smile, and doing a relatively good job of things. “But why would the director of MI6 care what you do?”
“I knew you were a dog person, John, but I didn’t know you were so
“Not very like you to reject credit for solving a case, Sherlock. You must not be well after all.”
noun, Often Disparaging.
“Steady on, my dear.” He murmured.
“Mm, no. It drives my brother a bit mad, really. I can tear a person apart on a single look and learn everything there is to know about them, but social niceties escape me. I’m a terrible person to be friends with.”
The gun he put always on his bedside table just before they went to bed.
He grabbed the doctor by his shoulders and shook him, his wide, dark eyes unblinking on the others face, willing him to understand the graveness of the situation.
Holmes' clothes flew in every direction to join the surrounding mess, and the detective moaned loudly into the passionate kiss, tugging on Watson's hair to keep him in place whenever he tried to move back a little for a breath, or a moan, or a gasp, happily forgetting all about the looming treat of a bath for the moment, in order to meet his Watson kiss for kiss, stroke for stroke, groan for groan.
"Ouch. Do be gentle, Watson. Are you trying to rip my hair out? Or do you want to snap my whole head of?
"I tell you No plenty of times." he explained as patiently as he could.
And then Blackwood showed up with his stupid grin, and Moriarty! James Moriarty! That arrogant, pompously snob, with his pet assassin Moran!
The doctor stroked over the others back, making him shiver even in his sleep, and purr like a big cat, before the detective lay motionless in his arms again.
"Because you are not free for the taking, are you?" but before Watson had a chance to say something, Holmes answered his own question. "No you are not. You are mine, but we can't tell them, so they don't know that they can't have you. Because you don't have a ring."
I tell you No when you want to play with dangerous and explosive chemicals in our living room, and even more so when you try to ingest them.
Without wasting a moment Watson straddled the smirking detective: "That doesn't get you out of shaving, my dear."
Now, still and unmoving on his shoulder, he looked almost small and harmless, not like a skilled fighter who could take men twice his size and weight out with only a few quick, precise blows.
"But you never say No to me." Holmes replied sulkily with a scowl, not sure if he should believe that his lover is really as capable of saying No as he claims to be.
Watson patted at the bed besides him, but the stubborn little bastard shock his head and leant against the dresser instead, playing around with his pipe.
Watson would get a hold on that ratty dressing grown of his for a few moments, before he was forced to let it go again, but after the third time of this the smaller man simply slipped out of the garment and run away, throwing a mocking wink and a teasing smirk Watson's way.
"Good to see you, you can help me! We have to go and find you before they can do something improper or illegal with or to you!"
Holmes will ask her if the food/tea is poisoned, Mrs. Hudson will tell him no, but promise to do it tomorrow, or remark that he already has enough poison in his system that it wouldn't work properly on him anyway.
It would destroy my dashing looks if I have to walk around bald, and I need my head to solve cases, no matter how boring they may be!"
Or behind the curtains?
A bad dream maybe?
"At first there was Lestrade, storming in through this door, shouting that he really needs a Watson, right now, but he didn't say for what he needs one.
But all he got was another sleepy growl of his name before Holmes snuggled more against the male besides him, falling back into deeper slumber without any trouble.
That their playing around got him out of a much hated bath was just a bonus for the infuriating genius, who saw the whole chase as just another game between them.
It took Watson another 10 minutes before he was finally able to pin the smaller male against a wall and distract him with a kiss enough to strip him out of the remaining brace and his shirt right there...
"People think you are unattached. Of course they will try to take you away, they would be stupid if they don't try." he snorted as he jumped up again.
A startled, and rather undignified shriek later, Holmes was finally dropped into his waiting bath.
With a quick move he grabbed Holmes around the waist and threw him over his shoulder before the other could also recover from their kissing and flee from him yet again.
Watson wondered for a moment what his genius was dreaming about, before he went back to watching his lover pout in his sleep.
Any moment there could be a case popping up, and the dear detective would drag him all around London, not stopping to eat or sleep for days on end without first being forced or bullied into it by his faithful friend.
And why would he take Watson's, he had his own... lying around somewhere...
"I think you will find that I'm an adult capable of saying No." he explained to his lover as he slowly made his way back to their bedroom, an arm still around the others waist to make sure he followed him and didn't try to dart out of the door again.
"But just because I can't give you a ring to proof it doesn't mean you're free for the taking!"
Watson couldn't help but run his fingers through the wild mane, letting it slip through his fingers, and enjoy the silky feel of it while tousling it up even more.
The light coming through the open window was just loosing its red tinge, and the air was fresh and cool where it moved the open curtains.
"Only mine." came the sleepy whisper again, together with a possessive hug as the detective snuggled more against his Watson, draped half over the taller man, teeth biting his collarbone, and the doctor wondered for a moment if the other was really asleep, or if was just teasing him into another round of lovemaking.
His uncombed hair and his unsaved face as well as his habit to 'forget' to eat or sleep when on a case or in the middle of an experiment added years to his appearance that he lost now for a few hours of uninterrupted sleep.
The fine hairs of a well-groomed moustache tickling his lips, the firm thigh pressing against his crotch, the familiar tongue dancing with his own.
"Holmes! What are you doing here?" he used to opportunity to tug the loaded weapon out of his hand and make sure it was out of his line of sight for the moment.
If he had to be up at this time, and have this conversation with his lover, then he at last wants to sit down doing so, preferable on their warm, comfortable bed.
Usual for him, at last, not usual for normal people with normal friends and normal jobs.
"It was just a bad dream, Holmes, nothing more. I'm here, I'm not going anywhere."
Hell, Watson could be glad if Holmes allowed him to dress first before he shoved his cane in his hand, him out the door and jumped in front of the next carriage he saw to stop it!
He patted the limp, wet hair while his genius did his best to look like a drowning puppy, a look he could pull off surprisingly well for an adult of his age and intellect.
So no, they can't have you, they will have to find their own Watson!"
It took Watson a few moments to remember why he was kissing the stubborn male here, like that, as he blinked down at clouded dark eyes, half closed and full of lust and passion, and the light, rare blush over tanned, un-shaved skin.
But there was no sound in or around Baker Street this early in the morning.
With a huff his dear detective rubbed his cheek against the caressing hand for a moment like a content cat, and Watson stilled in fear that maybe he woke him up.
"A bad dream." he repeated faintly, slowly blinking at his surroundings, for the first time seeing where he was, and with whom.
And it is impossible for anyone to break into that battlefield without making any sort of sound or breaking at last ones neck, if not more. Then there is also the possibility of touching something wrong and get poisoned...
"That... was mean." he said slowly, pout firmly on his lips, his deep voice sad and disappointed. "And totally unnecessary."
With that he leant back onto the bed, his detective snuggled into his chest, with one of Watson's hands around his waist, the other still petting his hair.
Allof those sensation worked well together to make Holmes forget all about that stupid tub of nasty water that had his name on it as he drowned in the sound and smell of his lover.
It was not often that he would stay still for more than a few moments without brooding or sulking, let alone sleep, and Watson enjoyed the rare moment of peace, burring his face into the fresh smelling locks under his nose with a smile.
"Even the flies are afraid of your scent by now, and refuse to be in the same room as you. A bath is definitively necessary."
"And for an adult you act very much like a child." Watson smirked back with a tap to his nose.
Then he hugged his lover tightly to his chest to keep him in place before he could make a beeline for the door and vanish into the empty streets of London with nothing but his pride and an old dressing gown.
And then Homes will feed Gladstone with his breakfast instead of eating it himself, while smirking at her retiring back and her affronted huff.
At that, Watson blinked. Why would Lestrade even want him? It's not exactly common, let alone legal, for two men to life together like this.
Not that that tone had any effect on Watson anymore. And the puppy eyes stopped working on him about one week of meeting the eccentric lunatic, no matter what Holmes liked to think.
"Keep it, my dear friend, but you have to be quicker if you want to catch me!" he called over his shoulder before he danced away again, now just in his grey trousers and a white shirt that used to be Watson's, very much enjoying the little game with his lover.
They played their little game very day, for years now, and the doctor was secretly sure that they both enjoyed the banter in their own twisted way, even if they would rather eat poison then ever admit it out loud, let alone to each other.
"Watson!" with that sudden yell Holmes was up from the bed and running aimlessly through the room before his bedmate could stop him. Watson blinked at the gun the other man had in his hand.
Gladstone was sleeping on his blanket in the corner, quietly, without so much as huffing, sneezing or even twitching in his sleep, as to not draw unnecessary attention to himself.
Holmes would then scoff at such an unfunded and cruel accusation, drop onto his Tigerskin-rug, and sulk for a while, throwing betrayed puppy eyes over his shoulder every now and then to make sure Watson was still looking at him.
"Come on, man, help me look. We can't waste any time, we have to find you now! It's of uttermost importance!"
He couldn't help but trace a finger softly over his temple, and down over the freshly shaved cheek, and to a sensitive neck stretched out and vulnerable under his gentle touch.
"Watson!" the genius bellowed, while not looking directly at his friend and lover, but over his shoulder to inspect the mantelpiece and reach around his worried Watson to look under the cups and stuff there.
Do you know what they would do with you if they get their dirty, greedy little paws on you?!
And Clarky said he could use a Watson, too, before he took you away from Lestrade.
Watson followed at a slower pace, and leant against the doorway just in time to watch Holmes as he turned one of the armchairs over, saying his name over and over again.
"Recent that all you want, but I always have to search everywhere for your clothes before I can hand them over to her. And I'm still sure you steal some from that pile back when I'm not watching it."
He was shaved for once, his skin smooth and clean, and soft to the touch without a hint of stubble for now.
This was one of the only ways to thoroughly distract that great mind of Sherlock Holmes, as the only thing on said mind was the hot, welcoming body against him, the sure, steady hands stripping layer after annoying layer from his person.
Leaving Watson to sit there and stifle a found smile, lest their sharp tongues turned on him.
When the hell had Holmes grabbed it? One moment ago he was lying in his arms, and now he was hoping around with noting but a gun in his hand.
"Sure, I'm yours, old chap, you know that." he reassured the sleeping man.
Watson looked bemused at the frantic man as he paced up and down before him, making his usual wide gestures, which looked somewhat amusing, seeing as he forgot to close his dressing gown.
He quickly thumbed through the pages, before shaking his tousled head and throwing the book carelessly over his shoulder.
"Mine... Lestrade can't have you..."
Determinately he worked on the curls, tried to pull as little as possible on the dishevelled strands, but with Holmes trying to squirm away it took longer than necessary to untangle and wash it, like always.
And Holmes himself was still out, sleeping peacefully and still right at his side in the bed.
"Yes, because I give them to Mrs. Hudson for cleaning, instead of hiding them away in little hidey-holes like a magpie, or some bloody dog with a bone."
It had been funny to hear Holmes swear in several languages as soon as he noticed that his lover didn't plan to bring him to their bed to take their kissing a step or two further, but to the bathroom with the tub full of clean, wet, soapy water to drown him!
"Yes, just a bad dream, old boy. Not real. Not important. Do you want to tell me what that was about?"
And everything is in its own place, and where it should be, and where he can easily find it, so there really is absolutely no need for a clean-up.
And hadn't that been a fight to get the stubborn little bastard cleaned up.
They just said that they need one, because Watsons have many uses and are very loyal, and brave and patient, and not as stupid as normal people, and you were the only one of those around here, so they tried to take you. Because it's easier than searching for their own somewhere else."
"You can clean up so well if you want to, Holmes, I don't understand why you refuse to take care of yourself." Watson scolded with a frown as he finished with the hair, and he didn't notice the sly grin slowly spreading over the down-turned face until it was too late.
His grip grew stronger around the arm he was hugging, and Holmes tucked his head into Watson's neck, lightly biting into the skin on the base of his neck, leaving teeth-marks to prove his claim, before licking over the red skin.
He could really be harder to bathe than a pack of dogs, or a troop of toddlers!
"But I like your clothes." the detective whined, dark eyes big and lips firmly in a well-practised pout. "They are always clean and smell nice!"
Gunshots out of sheer boredom, or just to kill that one fly that dares to annoy the great detective with its buzzing in the middle of one of his more destructive moods...
None of the two could say how long they stayed there, kissing and groping against the wall with the bullet holes, and the dark chemistry burns smelling of fire, but it was long enough for them to get breathless, get their hearts beating wildly, and to forget that the world around them even existed.
He caught the shorter man by his arm as he passed him and dragged him in his lap, laid his head on his shoulder and stroked through the dark, curly hair.
He wouldn't put it past Homes to do that, and he really didn't want to pick him up from jail for public indecency.
Yes, the bulldog isn't as stupid as most people believe him to be, he's not an innocent little puppy any more...
But he couldn't remember having a nightmare, or anything like that, and he didn't dream often about his time in Afghanistan and the horrors of people dying right under his hands any more.
"For a doctor you act very much like a brute!" Holmes accused him as he looked up at him from under his lashes.
It took Watson a few moments to remember why he was kissing the stubborn male here, like that, as he blinked down at clouded dark eyes, half closed and full of lust and passion, and the light, rare blush over tanned, un-shaved skin.
As a doctor, and more so as the flatmate and friend of one Sherlock Holmes, he knew about the benefits of a good, uninterrupted nights sleep, and how it shouldn't be taken for granted around this place.
And with that the lunatic struggled free from Watson's hold, bounced over to the bookcase and tore random books out, totally ignoring the other man and the worried blue eyes following him.
All of those sensation worked well together to make Holmes forget all about that stupid tub of nasty water that had his name on it as he drowned in the sound and smell of his lover.
That means it has to be one of the other, more 'usual', reasons, that woke the good doctor up at this time.
Drown him like a stray alley cat!
"...you can't have this Watson..." Holmes grabbed him tightly around the upper arm, and threw one leg over Watson's hip, hugging him possessively, before stilling again with a deep sigh.
"Or maybe I just love it when you are all wet and wiggling on my lap."
Holmes immediately dropped the heavy tome he was holding at the moment and was about to jump away again to look into the head of the tiger-rug, but the doctor quickly grabbed the ratty, but thankfully clean, dressing gown from a chair and softly laid it over the agitated man's naked shoulders.
For once, the other male was really sleeping, not just lying there watching and waiting for Watson to wake up and entertain and amuse him.
His all-seeing brown eyes, his brilliant mind, and the fact that there seems to be no filter between his brain and his mouth when deducting or insulting someone, sometimes doing both at the same time, always seem to make him more aloof, older and taller than he really was.
Then he grabbed your arm and dragged you away, saying you would be perfect for his purposes.
Holmes was really weird sometimes...
"But they can't have you, Watson, none of them can have you. You are mine! And they know I don't want to share you with anyone, so they tried to steal you away! And I can't let them, who know what they will do with you! They could break you, or loose you, and I would never get you back! And I like how you are now, in one piece and all!
There was no sound from downstairs either, it seems that Mrs. Hudson was still peacefully sleeping in her own rooms, possible dreaming about burning that violin of hell, or burring the gun in the garden, or even poisoning Holmes for real, and finally getting rid of the insolent nuisance upstairs.
So the good doctor had good reason to appreciate and treasure those nights spent in bed more than other people in London's busy streets normally do.
His right eye twitched from time to time, and he snored lightly, his face partly buried into the pillow, and the sheet low over his hips.
"Well, more stupid then they usually are." he amended.
Watson couldn't help but smirk as his partner emerged to the surface, sputtering and pouting like a little child.
Holmes tends to close the curtains to keep any and all light out of the room, and with the general mess there it is not unlikely for any wannabe burglar to accidentally die.
At first he had to chase him through the whole flat, the boxer nimbly jumping over chairs, or crawling under the table, grinning like a madman all the time with his pipe hanging from those kissable, red lips as the doctor limped after him, swearing and cursing much to Holmes' continued amusement.
To maybe stroke his hair, or tell him how amazing and brilliant and great he is just to make up for his mean and awful words to a poor, misunderstood detective...
"Oh, on the contrary." Watson smiled determined down at him while rolling the sleeves of his open shirt up to his elbows, and sat down at the edge to help him. And to make sure he doesn't crawl out as soon as his back is turned.
His parents chose that moment to burst into the room.
John frowned. “Did you want a wife?”
“The skin,” John pointed. “That’s exploded outwards.”
They had all night. All year.
“Are you actually going to admit it, or what?” the bully sneered. “You are fucking him, aren’t you?”
“Sorry,” John sat up. “Have you pulled the plaster off?”
Lestrade stared at him. ‘Are you for real?’ he spluttered.
Cam frowned, seeming genuinely concerned. “Sherlock, what’s wrong? You look upset.”
John’s heart shattered. “…what?”
‘I know,’ he hissed, leaning close to his teacher. ‘I know about you and Joseph.’
The desk corporal typed. It was the same man from a month ago, and John had to wonder if the young man had ever seen combat. Probably not, he looked as if the most dangerous thing he did was use a letter-opener.
Sherlock grabbed him by the jacket front. “This is one of the busiest cities in the world, now tell me where she is!”
Sherlock dropped a hand, and skimmed his touch over John’s jeans button, before looking shyly into his boyfriend’s eyes.
“John…” Sherlock turned his face.
“Mm?” John looked over.
The door opened under his hand, and he flinched in surprise.
They pulled their socks and shows back on (John puffing as he struggled to lean over), and Sherry helped John get to his feet, and get his balance again. At twenty-five weeks, John looked like he was constantly smuggling a beach ball up his jumpers, and he was now wearing the unflattering (although soft and comfy) maternity jeans non-stop.
“Don’t do that,” he said as Sherlock started undoing his own shirt buttons. “I want to undress you.”
Eventually, the plates were taken away and replaced with coffees. John ignored his, and Sherlock did the same. John started chatting to Sherlock about learning French at school, but the two of them were constantly interrupted by the adults.
Mycroft brushed the top of the drawers, as if checking for dust. Then looked at John. “Doctor Watson, I wonder if we might have a water jug?”
“You could tell him.”
“Just a… colleague, I suppose.” The man rolled his eyes a bit.
Sherlock adjusted his collar. “I mean it, though. I am grateful.” He stood, and seemed to take a deep breath before walking to John’s chair, and to John’s surprise and delight, sitting on John’s lap, straddling him, legs either side.
221B was just as he remembered.
“I’m here,” John said.
.” He poured water into the cups, and turned back around. “It’s like when you first came out to the desert, months and months ago. I could never shake the fact that you were…. A predator. And I was your prey. Humans always are, I guess, but it was the first time I’d been so close to a vampire for so long. I was scared of you. But after we…” he gave a little smile. “It turned into healthy respect, I guess. And then more than that. Now it’s like everything is upside down. I’m scared of you again, and this time I’ve got reason to be because I see it, every time I look in the mirror.” He stopped, and coughed, his throaty voice ragged from the long speech.
John stayed quiet.
“John.” Sherlock didn’t move his hand.
Lestrade stared at Sherlock’s arms. “So… you were stealing them?”
“What?” Sherlock opened one eye. John was shaking with laughter, now, looking above Sherlock’s head. “What is it?”
Sherlock delivered his evidence one point at a time, pausing for a response after each note.
“Please,” John showed him up the stairs.
“Do.”
“I can’t… you’d kill me,” Sherlock met his eyes. “I’m sorry.”
“I’ll help you with your bags.”
I am also on Tumblr @Laiquilasse.
“I don’t see why not.”
“I’d love to hear it,” John finished typing in his card details.
Cam stormed up to the man and grabbed him hard by the back of his shirt. He yanked him clean off Sherlock, and held him out at arm’s length. Behind his rectangular glasses, his dark eyes were glinting with malice. “I believe this young man told you to leave him alone,” he said.
“No.”
“You’re Sherlock Holmes,” John said firmly. “You’re my best mate, and you’re the boy I want to be with, ok? Nothing else matters, not to me.”
Sherlock almost dropped his glass. ‘What –’
He couldn’t hear anything except his own heart thudding in his ears. The heart that was keeping him alive. Him, and his baby. Though… on the screen… his baby’s heart was beating away, so much faster than his own, fluttering like a little bird’s.
He wandered back into the bedroom, and wrapped the robe around himself, wondering if he should wait up, or go to bed.
“Never,” John leaned up for another kiss, and Sherlock complied, going limp under John’s hands, letting John push him down onto the sofa, climb on top of him. “I love you, Sherlock.”
“I’ll start the shower for you,” John said. “Then we can cuddle in bed until we fall asleep.”
The omega did so, snarling through gritted teeth, and John watched their baby inch closer to the outside world.
“You look a bit… like it’s boring.”
Molly should be here. It was as if she had been erased.
I know, two updates in one day like what!
“Bye,” John smiled. “Love you.”
John watched Sherlock take a croissant with almonds and sugar on the top, and copied him. “Why were you upset?”
"As he said, like hell you will," A voice said from behind Sherlock. Sherlock rolled his eyes, and turned to face Major Sholto, who stood looming over them, in an attempt to look threatening. "I'll be in the interrogation room."
Sherlock blushed. “Well.”
“I didn’t know,” John hissed. He looked at the clock. “What do we do? We don’t have a car, the road… isn’t there. There’s no way a taxi can get here.”
“You’re still here,” Sherlock said, stupidly.
“So perfect,” Sherlock gave a kiss to John’s throat.
The man was still smiling at him. “You can relax,” he said. “I’m not going to hurt you.” He lowered himself onto the footstool, so he and Sherlock were eye-to-eye. “I’m not that sort of man. Do you like books?”
And Sherlock didn’t see any of it. His eyes were fixed on John, who was grinning widely, half-laughing at his partner’s face.
Sherlock gaped, lust clouding his vision as John pumped them both in his hands, the angle meaning that it looked for a moment as though John had an alpha cock of his own, and
“Just something for work,” John sniffed, moving his gaze back to the pages. “Did you want a look? There’s a lot of physiology in it.”
“Haven’t you ever wanted to be with someone, kiss them, go to the cinema… without being their mate?”
“I missed you,” John whispered. “Welcome home, Sherlock.”
John counted to thirty before turning and emptying his bladder, noticing that he was most definitely dehydrated. Now he thought about it, his mouth tasted quite bad, and he had a bit of a headache forming at the base of his skull. And he hadn't had anything to eat or drink since yesterday afternoon...
Sherlock stared at the open eyes. He could feel something approaching, from within himself. Some sort of reaction, or emotion, but it wasn’t here yet, and it had time to build up steam.
“Don’t they want you to be clever at school? Or at home?”
“I won’t. It isn’t my intention to upset you. And besides, it doesn’t matter what I think. You clearly enjoy his company, and your wishes are all that matter, right now.”
“And, if I met you now, you would still be the person – the man, I mean – the one I… want to be with. As a mate,” Sherlock finished, blushing furiously. “All – all that I am, John Watson, I offer to you.”
John clutched his phone tight, and closed his eyes. He half wanted to sleep, and half wanted to stay awake and listen for the Holmes brothers coming back. Around him, the house creaked in a way he hadn’t noticed before. There was a low creak suddenly, then a soft sound that told John it was nothing more menacing than the central heating.
Greg’s face was pale. His eyes were staring into the middle distance, as if he was trying to work out some great puzzle. Because, of course. How could John have been refusing what was happening? Omegas couldn’t say no, could they?
John blinked. “…you did that?”
How he didn’t want to go back.
. John raised his eyebrows.
“No. Like you, I never wanted the patter of tiny feet. Nor the mess, nor the crumbs. No, it’s difficult to find an omega who doesn’t want children. A companion, is what I crave. Someone of equal intelligence, who accepts what I have to offer, and makes the most of it. Have you thought about Oxford?”
“Off you go,” Mr Young dismissed his form group “Keep it down, all of you. Oi, no shouting in the corridors!”
omegas,” he said, not waiting for the question. “Every time. When Siger… and then my first heat, it was… But afterwards, when we started… I didn’t even go on scent blockers because I just wanted to be
A pause. “Well, whatever it is… You sure about this?”
“Need my drip,” Sherlock managed to choke out, heaving again, but drily. “Need –” he started coughing again, the thick rattle making his mother cry, even as she turned up his painkillers.
John was standing up, picking up pieces of broken things and putting them into bin bags like an automaton. He looked at Sherlock as he took off his coat, and rubbed his arms as if embarrassed.
“You should be allowed out the day after tomorrow. Do you have somewhere to go?”
“Jesus,” John shook his head. “That’s… I’m sorry.”
“Come in,” John closed the door behind him, and locked it. “When?”
“I don’t… like children like that,” John blushed. “I’m not a –”
“It’s ok.”
But John was close.
“Sherlock, you don’t have to –”
“Er, yes?” John frowned. “Why?”
‘Just until the funeral,’ Sherlock said. ‘I’ve got an exam in February. Though it feels a bit selfish to be talking or thinking about school.’
Sherlock almost said, then didn’t. “It doesn’t matter.”
“Yes,” Janet shrugged, starting to stir something brown and gungy in a plastic dish.
No one got on.
It looked the same as ever, only there were no curtains hanging up in the windows, and Sherlock could tell the lampshades had been taken from the ceiling, leaving only single hanging bulbs.
“Then you’ll be coming to dispose of my body,” John snarled, “because I’ll die, Mycroft. My temperature will rise, and rise, and rise, and I’ll die. That’s what happens. Tell him I need him to come here. It doesn’t have to be anything. Just… help me.” He hung up, and staggered to the bathroom, not sure whether to throw up or plant himself on the toilet first.
Sherlock felt his face ignite. Victor was looking down at him, lips parted, his eyes flicking from Sherlock’s eyes to his mouth, and Sherlock’s blood was racing, and he should just stay still and let it happen, his first kiss…
The land-walker bucked his hips into the grip of Sherlock’s arm, and seemed to be trying to get the touches to continue, so Sherlock did so, moving steadily over the erect flesh, though the land-walker had now closed his eyes. His penis was leaking more clear fluid. And it was too tempting not to touch with a hand.
Time crawled to a stop.
“It’s only a week,” John went around the bed and sat next to his mate, taking his hand. “What did you have planned?”
Was he blushing? Was that a blush? John found he rather loved the idea. “Um…” John licked his lips apart as Sherlock watched him intently. “Are – are we friends? Is… is that what this is?”
If Sherlock could hear a whispered conversation, he could certainly hear how John's heart started galloping in his chest at the sights of the vampire’s seductive eyes. It wasn't desire - fuck no - it was the sort of guarded fear you got when someone in the room had a gun, but they weren't pointing it at you, quite yet. But they could.
Then he walked over, and put a hand on John’s chest, right on his sternum, open-handed and fingers splayed. “You said you’d want me. Even if I was an alpha.”
“This one just did.”
John put his things down on the table, and seemed to be thinking of what to say.
John leaned in close, and snarled, close to Victor’s throat.
“You’ll probably beat me to babies,” he said.
John wasn’t even holding up his own weight – Sherlock had him suspended within his many tentacle-arms, being worked at the cock and fucked up the arse in a beautiful rhythm. The tentacle around his throat gripped, and the tip teased at his mouth. John sucked it in like it was candy, and Sherlock let out a feral cry of pleasure, rolling his tentacle hard inside John in return, working his cock faster, stroking over the exposed head and tasting the man’s pre-come and sweat, until John was shaking, trying to hold off but failing utterly. The tentacle inside him swelled further, the ache in his arse doubling as Sherlock fucked him so deep he saw stars. The thick appendage suddenly curled inside him, and John came undone.
“Who else is there?” John almost laughed hysterically. “Who else has been whispering in his ear all these years?”
John frowned. “What, like… a possession?”
“Coffee, black, two sugars.”
“Would you call that intimate? Submissive?”
“Alright,” Sherlock smiled softly. “I’ll call for food, then?”
“No, I… just walked…” Sherlock moved his hand, and a fresh wash of blood moved from the released pressure.
“You can leave us, Mother, I’m not about to disgrace our honour,” Sherlock rolled his eyes.
Eurus had always been thin. Even when John was ten, she was slimmer than most people. But now she looked emaciated. Her clothes – a blue t-shirt and soft trousers – hung off her bones, and her face looked sunken, though her dark hair was as glossy as ever, somehow. She looked up as Joh walked in, her eyes going straight to his bump, and remaining there as he pulled the chair out, and sat down, too large to push the chair back under.
“She needs to be helped out of the manor,” Mycroft said. “She hasn’t mentioned what her plans might be for… afterward.”
Magnussen was nodding faintly, as if he knew Sherlock’s speech already and was just waiting for the next line.
“Always,” Sherlock repeated. “That’s… always?”
“You’re here for a rest,” his brother chided.
The curtains parted on the second gentle tap, and John stood there, in his pyjamas, rubbing his eyes and looking bewildered.
No, he shook his head to himself, John wouldn’t do that. He was still immature – there was nothing to fear from him, no need to raise any barriers just yet. It might be different if he was a mature alpha.
Sherlock watched him. "Do you trust me?"
This situation was getting so damned difficult.
And again.
Cam hummed. “You’re too smart not to do
At 2am on Christmas morning, John woke up.
“Yeah,” the boy raised his eyebrows. “How’d you –”
John licked his lips apart. “You know…”
“Sherlock… Mycroft is dead.”
“I don’t think you need to worry quite yet,” John touched his wrist. “You’ve got puberty to go through, first. Most omega males are grown physically before they have their first heat.”
“Is that so bad?” the doctor asked.
“Sorry. But… You know what this means?”
Sherry hummed, and added sugar to his cup. “After all the fuss he made after you left, you’d think he’d be fighting hell and high water to have you back.”
John looked up.
John was pretending to mess about on his phone as Sherlock got dressed. The omega’s bump was distinctly round as he bent over to pick his jeans off the floor, and he put a hand to his back as he straightened. Sherlock stepped into his jeans and pulled them up, pausing when he got to his fly.
John shrugged, and moved his face away from the touch. “Just… don’t do it again, yeah?”
Mycroft took a deep breath. ‘Wear that, and those shorts,’ he pointed at some smart pastel colours. ‘Remember, he wants you because you’re afraid of him. He wants you to be scared.’
“Fine,” she scowled. “But you owe me.” She dragged a plastic box over to herself with her foot. “You in?”
“Hey,” John said. “So.”
John looked at the two pictures. Both of the baby from the side, one with one of its arms up, as though it was waving.
"Sherlock."
“Don’t – oh!” Sherlock didn’t know why he felt so outraged that John’s touches had left him. “Please…”
He cycled home, feeling rather irritated that Sherlock had a life outside of him, then feeling irritated at himself for thinking that. He didn't own Sherlock. And his friend did seem to have a lot of doctor's appointments. It wasn't unusual. Even if John wasn't entirely sure what they were for.
John could barely turn his head. There was blackness eating at the edge of his vision. He only heard the fight that followed – several thumps like someone dropping a bat onto a piece of meat, some yelling, and then, a gentle hand on his shoulder, and a voice saying:
“It’s ok,” John kissed back. “Please…”
John’s answer was paused by the arrival of their food. He raised a hand before the waiter could disappear. “Sorry, mate, this isn’t well done.”
“And you’ve shown me that even if I decide to live, I won’t have the one relationship that I seem to have been missing!” Sherlock stepped back at the realisation. “You said we were supposed to meet. But we never did… if we had met, would I have ended up on that bridge?”
“Do you get the feeling they’ve not wanted to leave us alone?” Sherlock grinned.
And Sherlock froze.
“Yes, of course,” Sherlock blinked at him.
He shook his head. He didn’t believe that. He didn’t. Sherlock might not have
“I wish I had your confidence,” Molly blushed.
“I…” John squeezed Sherlock’s hand, fighting off the urge to sob. “Sherlock, I…”
. Not – not
"Yes."
“Oh, John!” Sherlock suddenly cried out, writhing as John touched at the omega’s sensitive prostate, rubbing over the g-spot that was over-sensitive for a lack of lubrication, but doubly responsive as a result. “OH!” Sherlock cried out, a high-pitched boyish cry as he orgasmed, his small cock ejaculating a tiny splatter of fluid against John’s skin, but the omega kept on moving. Multiple orgasms were the omega’s gift.
Sherlock smiled, and raised a hand, bringing it close to John's face, his fingertips brushing down John's throat, resting on his active pulse. "Your Dark Ages assessment wasn't quite accurate. And neither was your food-play. That’s not generally how I operate."
“Lovely morning,” Sherlock teased, beaming as John kissed him on the head.
"You absolutely cannot call me 'she'," Sherlock threatened. "And you can't say anything about me before I started transitioning. And you can't let him see any photos. And you can't -"
“Sherlock?” John looked at the younger brother, who looked like he wanted to evaporate. “You’re going to find someone to mate with, just…”
"What evidence?!" James shouted, shoving Sherlock at the shoulder. "John, tell me. I'm ordering you to tell me."
“…you want this, you do, you’ve given it up to me, you’ve done this to me, Sherlock, you’ve made me like this, you see? You made this happen, you did it to me…”
“It’s made you afraid of me.”
“It’s ok, Sherlock. You can see him anytime. I’m not going to keep you away from your family.”
“Shut up, Warren, you’re scaring him, you fucker.”
BANG BANG BANG
John was bewildered. “Then… I don’t understand. Why – why do you help me?”
“Forgetting your mobile was stupidly irresponsible,” Mycroft countered, his own alpha instincts making him defensive. “Witnesses on the street reported you as helping an omega, but there was no need for you to accompany her and her mate to the hospital.”
“Ambulance,” John said. “Please.”
Cam beamed, and stroked a hand over Sherlock’s hair, cupping the back of his head. “I wish you all the luck in the world this year, my boy.”
John just stared up at him.
Sherlock nodded, let his head loll against his brother’s chest. He smelled like the soft leather of his car, and faintly of something alcoholic. It wasn’t like Mycroft to drink outside of parties or events. Sherlock realised, as they started up the stairs, that his condition was affecting his brother, whether he chose to talk about it, or not.
John looked up at him. His dark blue eyes were wide, and shining with emotion, and they flicked down to Sherlock’s mouth, once.
“Not bonded yet, then?” Sherrinford took a seat beside him. “And yet they’ve got you turned out like you’re ready for the taking, honestly, what’re they like?”
John flicked his ear. But they managed to make it home before John started undressing Sherlock and dragging him towards their bedroom.
John forced his toast down his throat. “So… What does that mean?”
John gripped himself with a hand, working his foreskin back as Sherlock’s pink tongue darted between his lips, watching. It was enough to send a jolt of need through them both, and John’s nose picked up the scent of omega slick. Not in the gushing quantities of a heat, but enough to betray Sherlock’s continuing arousal. He climbed up on the bed behind his mate, spooning up behind him, and placed his cock in the space just below Sherlock’s arse, rubbing just against his perineum as he gently parted his arse cheeks to touch.
John did so, putting a gloved hand on Sherlock’s body to move him slightly, improving the view. It didn’t feel intimate. It felt strictly medical, and as though he could really help this boy…
“More! More, please! Please, John!”
“Maybe it was something he ate?”
The judge walked in, and greeted Tabitha warmly, shaking her hand, though not speaking to Sherlock or John – John suspected she wasn’t allowed to – before vanishing again.
“I will,” Sherlock leaned in as Victor went for a kiss.
He alternated between roaring hot and ice cold, rolling about on his bed before he had to get to the bathroom again to heave up the water he had drunk. His insides felt raw, and he couldn’t believe he was still standing after enduring what he could only assume was pain akin to appendicitis, only quadrupled. John couldn’t sleep much, snatching an hour here or there before being woken by the agony of his womb tensing and contracting, and his cervix dilating, ready to conceive.
, said his brain,
"More often than you think, around here,” John defended his men.
The bedroom door opened, and Mycroft let himself in, looking harassed.
Mycroft stood quickly, and put his hands over his brother’s to stop him hurting himself. ‘Sherlock –’
“I do hope so,” John went to answer the door to the other alpha.
“It was run or puke in bed,” John sighed. He sipped the water, and got to his feet. “Thanks for… coming.”
“I know,” Mycroft walked past him and got into the back of the car. Sherlock followed. The brothers looked at each other, and Sherlock felt as if Mycroft was trying to tell him something with his eyes, but he didn’t know what it was. It was difficult to be around Mycroft, sometimes. As Mycroft was Sherlock’s older sibling, and an alpha, Sherlock as a developing omega found it easier to avoid him than to try and work out how their relationship was meant to function. Mycroft had never been unkind to him deliberately, but he had an unconscious bias when it came to listening, and letting Sherlock have his share of time and space.
“…and when we talked about… being mature enough to… we just did it.”
John nodded. He was still leaning close, he realised, the smell of Sherlock and Victor in his lungs. He leaned back. “Shall we look at this homework, then?”
Sherlock scoffed.
?” John drawled the word out, making the student blush.
“Oh…” Sherlock reached, smearing the stuff from John’s chin in an apologetic manner. “Sorry…”
John loved Sherlock. He knew it in his bones, and he had told him as much, but Sherlock had never said it back. John didn’t expect him to. Love must be a serious thing to declare if you were an immortal. Not that it wasn’t serious for him, but… he needed Sherlock to know. Perhaps Sherlock was content with
Sherlock climbed up on the mattress and grabbed John’s legs, pulling him up close, arse up as he positioned his cock. “Fuck, my omega, I’m so sorry I kept you waiting…” he shoved inside, the soaking wet of John’s passage making it effortless.
John nodded. “Thanks, Sherlock. You’re… not bad. Sometimes.”
“And you can always write.”
On John’s desk, back at the walk-in centre, a forgotten mobile phone began to ring.
“I’m bonded, so no,” he snapped, bracing himself on the chair as he felt his bowels jolt in a seriously concerning manner. “Mycroft, please.”
“Drive on,” James called through the hatch, and his driver set off.
“Like hell you do.”
Sherlock’s inner alpha did a double-take at the display on dominance. He broke the kiss for a second, and looked at the tight grip on his wrist, and back to John’s face.
“No, honestly, I…” Sherlock was so close, he could just blurt it out, just say
“Oh, yes,” John yawned, sitting straighter. “Finally. We went through pretty much everything in the book, but we think we’re settled.” He looked up at Sherlock. “Aren’t we?”
John watched with interest as the vampire strolled beside him, through the desert sun, without a flinch. The old stories – back before the war - used to say they were combustible in mere sunlight. Not true. They were very UV-sensitive, but as long as they got into the shade fairly quickly they would heal from any sun damage instantly. And even prolonged sun exposure wouldn’t kill them They couldn't be stabbed, or shot, or blown up. The only thing they were vulnerable to was fire. Fire, and old methods lost through time. You’d have one shot.
“Excuse me, William, I need to get to the staff room.”
But whatever it was, he got on his bike, put the present he had for Sherlock in his coat, zipped up to the neck, and set off into the evening sunset.
“That, perhaps,” Mycroft said slowly, “he cares for you as more than a standard alpha for his promised omega. Perhaps John Watson cares for you… as Sherlock Holmes.”
Sherlock knew he had been wrong, then.
“They found each other,” Mycroft said. “That’s all you’ll get from me.”
“Cases?” John asked.
Mayhew could only nod.
Sherlock was so close to telling him. About his night in a drug den, his injuries, and fear, and having to be picked up by the police the next day, but what was the point? What was the point in anything? “…yeah.”
Sherlock sat down beside his brother. ‘John graduates when he’s eighteen,’ he said. ‘I just need to hang on until then.’
He hadn’t minded it when Cam kissed him, either, until he did that thing with his tongue. But perhaps Sherlock could ask him not to do that again.
“It’s… Lestrade said alphas don’t like omegas having jobs, and so on… Uni would take a lot of time.”
John had gotten away from that house having had his worst fears confirmed – that people he hadn’t told knew about the abuse he’d suffered as a child, and that that
Heads up: next chapter will be Sherlock and Magnussen's wedding, and wedding night.
“Sherlock what – ”
“It sounds hellish,” John said instantly. “I don’t want Sherlock in my head.”
John smiled.
John moaned softly, then reached a hand across, and rested it on Sherlock’s stomach.
John swallowed. “A... few things.”
John shrugged, putting the trembling chopsticks down. His vision had gone blurry. “You don’t have to be sorry.”
He sat up, and looked at his empty hand in the dark.
Sherlock shuffled slightly. ‘Hard to get into uni without a sponsor, though.’
"Then what-" John's words were cut off by the simultaneous grip on his throat, and a dangerously crushing kiss on his mouth.
“Mummy, and one of the nurses,” Mycroft said. “You don’t seem to own any clean clothes, so these are new.”
you.” And he made for the stairs with determination.
He put the photos in his wallet, and went to walk to the bus stop.
John comes out of his rut, and tries to get in touch with Sherlock to say what needs to be said.
Sherlock made John order lunch online, and the two of them worked their way through a pizza, Sherlock handling the money, as well as the washing-up. John felt mildly coddled, but it was such a change from being left to his own devices at the manor that he rather enjoyed it. His mum and dad would have looked after him like that. Sherlock was… caring, at least. And he hadn’t tried to grab John again, that was important.
“And he let me put my elbows on the table.”
“Then get rid of him,” Mycroft said, acidly, “unless you’re planning on beginning a ménage a trois, you need to get on your bike. John is eighteen weeks pregnant, and you’ve had almost half a pregnancy to get on with this.”
“You’ll be in 8-3,” the Head Teacher, Mr Brett, led John through the corridors. “It’s an all-omega class, and you only have an alpha teacher for P.E. We take great pride in safeguarding our students.”
“Thanks,” John mumbled, scratching the back of his head.
John’s nerves prickled even more sharply as Sherlock leaned down to him for a kiss. John returned it, but quickly tried to break it off. If someone came…
“If you tell me your size, I’ll go and fetch you some. Since you dislike the establishments so much.”
“If I… then on my birth certificate… I don’t have my GRC… they’d say… Sherlock Wendy Sophia…”
He’d see anyway.
“I know so.” John kissed Sherlock again, on the cheek, lingering, nosing at his jaw, inhaling the non-scent of him. “It’ll take more than your mother to get me away from you.”
“No,” the supervisor shook her head. “He’s terminally ill. We can’t cure him. If we’d caught it earlier, before it became… well. Yes. No point in the ‘could have’s, is there? His poor family.”
London was colder than he remembered.
There was only one gas tap on the desk, so Sherlock surrendered it to John, and went to work on one of the surrounding benches. He set up his tripod and Bunsen, and started measuring out his chemicals, noting as he did so.
A photo of a young man in school uniform looked blankly at him.
“You’re so studious. Envy of the other students, I bet…” Cam stopped to touch a curved thorn on a rose-bush. The thorn pressed against the pad of his thumb, but didn’t puncture the skin. “Would you say so?”
“You wish I had.”
“Quite…” Mycroft looked towards the order desk, and beckoned. John was about to say they didn’t do table service until a boy brought over three teas. Mycroft handed him a folded twenty-pound note, and he trotted off.
Sherlock was back quickly, and he skimmed his fingers over Mycroft’s back before sliding into his chair. Clearly, this was some sort of signal, because Mycroft drained his coffee cup as if he had had enough.
They walked from the lab to the café. The bar was closed, so they used the coffee machines and took their drinks out to the balcony. The summer night was warm, and the traffic below was moving quickly, for London. The smell of petrol and tarmac drifted up, and Sherlock relished how much he adored the city. Three years of their undergraduate degree, and he’d never felt more free. Mycroft was off his back, in some big job at the government, and Sherlock was able to indulge his passions for learning, for problem-solving, and even for music. Not performing, of course – though his injury had long-since healed, there was a tiny tremor in his left hand that only a conductor would hear. A casual listener would think him perfect.
“What did you mean?” John turned in his arms, to face him. “What you said, at the car? What did you mean by… me not saying ‘no’?”
“It’s true,” John’s little voice came from under the table. “He was going to.”
John watched him go, for a moment, feeling the weight of the sorrow in the house. What a ghastly atmosphere. He picked up his bag, and went through into the lounge, where a television was playing silently, the subtitles blaring along the bottom of the screen.
“… he –”
‘Please,’ John dropped his hands. ‘I would never ask you to do this, ever, but it kind of is a matter of life and death.’
“I’m doing Biology, Chemistry, Physics, and P.E.,” John said, wondering why the boy was retreating further into his shell. People normally gave in a little when someone was trying so hard to be social.
“He thought he could cope,” Mycroft said. “He was wrong. He ended up staying with me for a few weeks, to try and get away from your scent, in the flat at Baker Street.”
Julian frowned. “I don’t understand. Isn’t John your mate, Sherlock?”
The fresh air felt good.
“There was only a small school in the village,” John said. “It was ok.”
“Do you really believe that?” Sherlock murmured.
The darkness was immense.
"He didn't murder the soldier, but he was told to have the files changed. The email was sent from somewhere on the base. Lubricant?"
And Sherlock was distracted back to his microscope, and his lesson.
“Yeah.” John looked at her. “I don’t know if I… he’s…”
Siger smiled, and came over to shake the man’s hand. “Wonderful to see you again…”
“Well, it means you’re a grown-up, now,” she smiled, dipping her head in respect.
“The universe is rarely so lazy,” Sherlock countered.
. You didn’t hold someone’s hand like that unless you liked them, right?
Harry left the next morning, hugging John close and promising to get clean for him, to come back for him, to take him away from all this.
“… that’s his story to tell, not mine,” Sherlock said, and John felt another puzzle piece fall into place, though he hadn’t been looking for it.
Sherlock nodded, and John’s chest twinged.
Sherlock snorted, and started walking, the man / angel beside him having no trouble keeping up. “You said you were in the desert. When you died.”
Sherlock was at the table, typing something on his laptop. He smiled at John when he came in, and John smiled back.
Sherry put down his own cup. “Have you been to see her? Ever?”
John tapped the notepad again, directing Sherlock back to the questions he’d written down.
“Ok,” Sherlock licked his lower lip. “But what if you had to choose between the machine and – her,” he pointed at the screen at the leading lady, all lipstick and curls.
“I….”
"Following rules is boring, and time consuming. I much prefer to make my own way. The way I've been doing it over 500 years."
The Head Teacher’s expression softened. “This was in the class with Toby Adams, yes?”
John grinned back. ‘What’s happened to you? Did something change your mind in Switzerland?’
There was a beat of silence, and for a moment John was braced for an attack – for more scenting to his neck, for his hair to be grabbed for his arms to be held fast, for his legs to be shoved apart –
“I think keeping it a secret would be worse,” John sighed. “It’s not done Eurus any favours.”
“I’ll open the door. He’s been loitering about for the last four minutes.”
“Greg, it’s covered in piss,” John said, with enough embarrassment for it to spread. He tucked it over his arm. “Excuse me…”
The boy certainly was interesting.
“Your mate is having stitches, and then she’ll be taken to recovery. Someone will fetch you when she’s on the ward,” the doctor nodded again, and Victor collapsed into his chair.
He tried not to wince at the pain in his chest. God, he’s been ignoring how much he wanted to hold Sherlock. Not just hold that fragile body in his arms, but the spirit, or soul, or electrical activity that made Sherlock alive… John wanted to hold onto that. Keep it safe. Keep
He knew that scream.
And because a vampire was doing it, it was fucking terrifying. In John’s opinion.
“Trust me.”
“No,” Sherlock admitted. “I don’t think I am.” He looked down at their hands. “I don’t know what’s going to happen. Eurus is pregnant. She killed our father. Mummy will be receiving a police officer to the house at any moment…”
Sherlock took it, feeling the increase in the size of Victor’s hand, the warmth that was familiar and so missed he wanted to dissolve on the spot. “Sure.”
“Sounds it. I’ll put the kettle on.”
Sherlock smiled, and sat back. “That’s fair, I suppose… I was allowed to remember, after all. That requires trust, doesn’t it.” He didn’t expect John to answer, but he did.
Sherlock itched to touch John's face, to feel the stubble growing through, to accept the jealousy he tried to keep at bay. John didn't have to worry about getting his period in class. He didn't have to struggle in and out of a binder twice a day. He didn't have to hurt his voice trying to keep it low, or avoid laughing because it was girly. Sherlock wanted what he had. The freedom of living. He wanted to touch John's jaw, press their flat chests together, let their hands explore. In Sherlock's dreams, they were both cisgender boys, and they slotted together like they were matching puzzle-pieces.
“Oh,” John’s smile fell. For Sherlock a cold could be fatal. “What’re your symptoms?”
“I don’t know,” John said. “That’s my honest answer. I don’t know what I think. It’s difficult, because… I know what happens physically. I’ve seen it. And… if I ever believed in anything, it’s difficult to keep on believing it once you’ve seen someone… go.”
“STOP THIS!” Sherlock made to spring again.
Sherlock did so.
for alphas to use!”
“Good luck,” Mycroft patted John’s shoulder. “It’ll be over before you know it.”
Sherlock looked at him. “What… what do you mean?”
Mycroft. But that wasn’t Mycroft’s usual voice.
“The spare room’s yours as long as you need it, mate.”
“We had sex, and then he came to live with me. That was me, filling in for you,” James pointed at Sherlock. “Me, the ugly, deformed soldier with nothing to offer except the fact I fucking adored him. Past tense. John used me, and you can bet to fuck he’s going to use you, and you fucking deserve it after what your family’s done to him. Well, you’re welcome to each other.” He folded his arms. “Get the fuck out of my house.”
Sherlock sniffed in confirmation, and John realised what an idiot he’d been, not asking more about Sherlock’s bullies, and what they said and did to him. They looked down on him because he was an omega. And yet he was, by all accounts, the cleverest boy in the school. And handsome and funny and interesting, and… John gripped the arms of his chair in a sudden wave of possession.
The man took it and flicked it at the wall, where it splattered, then landed in a tin bucket. Sherlock wondered if that’s where it had been before it was on his face. He swallowed hard.
“Something will,” Sherlock said, getting up again and going over to John, kissing him on the cheek. “You’ll know, when it’s right.”
‘Because this might be the closet she gets to having grandchildren,’ Mycroft said evenly. ‘Try not to panic, Sherlock, no one’s forcing you to adopt her.’
And then, somehow, it was John’s birthday again, and he still hadn’t said anything.
‘Did Father do that?’ Sherlock asked. His voice sounded hollow.
John went red, and grinned back. “Little bit.”
Sherlock, of course, was another matter. He’d been shocked, but surely he must have suspected… No. He wouldn’t have thought John would want… this. By his blank reaction, he’d retreated into his own head for a good scream. John could understand that.
“We did, but…”
“How old are you?” John asked.
John looked at the table to try and avoid the awful feelings in the air. His instincts were to defend Sherlock from this verbal onslaught, but at the same time he was pretty sure Sherlock was answerable to this.
“I know.”
Some part of his mind was vaguely aware that he was losing blood. That he should do something about it.
John sighed. “I know better than anyone that everyone dies. But I really wish it wasn’t true.”
“Sherlock… are you sure?” he took control of his own hand, then, fingers wavering a hair’s breadth from the soft, wet flesh.
Then, John did a strange thing.
“Packed?” John blinked. “Oh, right…” He was being sent to foster care, then. “Is it the same place as Harry? Or near Harry?”
John waited until he heard Sherlock’s door slam, before putting a hand to his stomach.
Sherlock was stroking his hand, a thumb running smoothly over John’s knuckles. It made John want to cry.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Brilliant. Shall we go, now?"
John rolled his eyes. “Sherlock isn’t my mate. He just lives with me.”
Sherlock stared at the ceiling.
“It’s… Sherlock, just look.”
“And close the window after you get back, later.”
Sherlock was almost tempted to stay and watch.
“Can you manage, or –”
"We get p- oh god -" John caught his breath as the first finger slid inside him, "people coming onto base - just - all the time -"
“No.”
“Hello,” Sherlock said, pulling a deep blue sweatshirt over his head.
John dropped his jaw, and surged forward until they were as close as they could get with several layers of clothing still in the way. Sherlock gripped him hard in his arms and hands, fingers digging into the flesh of John’s back as they not so much kissed but explored and sighed and tasted one another’s mouths.
Sherlock sniffed, letting his hands drop to John’s shoulders. “But…”
Mycroft made an irritated noise. “Sherlock.”
“Yes, we need to get a cycle out of you before you can switch drugs. You’ve got just enough time, I think.”
And then nodded.
Mycroft raised his eyebrows. “So you attacked my father for no reason.”
Sherlock had no plans to murder him. He placed a hand on John’s face. “You are safe,” he said in his own language. “I just wish to hold you, as much as I can.”
“Yes, but if we both go with him… There’re fireworks along the Thames, aren’t there?”
“The way I see it, staying with him just isn’t compatible with me staying alive,” John said. “If we get targeted by this madman again, that could happen. Sherlock might finish the job, next time.” He touched absently at his throat. “And if that doesn’t happen, what’s the endgame for Sherlock and me? He thralls me to keep me safe? Or turns me?”
John sank into his chair, and put his head in his hands. Stress couldn’t be good for him, right now. After sixty calm breaths, he picked up the small envelope, and undid it.
“I know that,” Sherlock puffed out a breath. “I wanted to touch you. I want to make you feel good.”
Sherlock had never lived with an omega, before.
“Right,” John said, wanting to cry. “I… I’ve never had to do that, so, sorry if I’m getting that wrong.”
Mycroft seemed to be giving John an intense stare, though it vanished when John looked back at him.
“What?” John paused.
Solidarity with everyone on a Women's March, today. Sympathy with everyone in the USA, for yesterday.
Sherlock steepled his fingers, the way he always used to, and John’s inner omega wailed in need to touch those hands. “I… came to apologise.”
Sherlock frowned. “I don’t… both. It’s important to…”
John put the invite down. “I thought we could meet them… in a tea room, or something?”
“Then what is it? You’ve not got something going on, have you? You’ve not got someone knocked up?”
“You don’t need GCSEs to have babies and cook meals,” John said, without thinking. He bit his lip.
He needed a distraction.
“It is stupid, I agree,” John sighed. “But you’ll do fine, Sherlock. I’ve seen your homework, you’re a genius. Far too good for them.”
John shook his head. “Let’s do this another time, shall we?” he indicated the ambulance, and the two alphas climbed inside, both rushing to the sobbing woman’s side as the doors slammed shut.
It had worked, for decades.
A cab pulled up.
Siger gripped John’s shoulders tight.
The words stabbed John straight in the heart. “…no.”
‘I can leave you alone if you’d rather.’
It was John… his John… who had deserved none of this, and yet paid the ultimate price. Treated as a mere pawn in Moriarty’s sick game.
. Its horrible, evil, tentacled mouth was strewn over John's body, and John was inside it, or crushed beneath it as its suckers roamed over his skin. He yelled, and kicked hard, trying to scramble away. Pain shot sharply through his limbs, and tore at his skin as he realised he was naked, and that the disgusting tentacles were armed with biting suckers. Was this monster some sort of gigantic octopus? But they never left the water..? Did they?
“Do you think he’d
Sherlock shook his head. “I knew they’d be angry, but… I thought… after my old school…I thought they’d realise…”
‘Ow,’ he muttered.
“If it’s just school I don’t see why you can’t come to the village school with me,” John said. “You could ask.”
And now John was thinking of him being turned on.
John raised his hands again. Touched at his neck, where the terrible wounds that had been there had now healed over, leaving pale and smooth skin. If Sherlock has been watching him instead of being wracked with grief on the floor, he would have seen the skin knit back together, the scars of John’s recent surgery – and Sherlock’s bite – erased. Only old scars would remain on John’s body, now. He would never be marked again.
“God, no. He’s been living with a… boyfriend.” John wanted to evaporate on the spot. Admitting your betrothed had found someone else was slightly humiliating.
John blinked. Then smiled. “One second…” he got up, and took his wallet from the coffee table, taking the pictures out, and bringing them to the table. “This is why.” He pushed them towards Sherlock.
“I know.” John looked as though he wanted to kiss him. “But it’s ok, I’m here, yeah?”
John’s moan was like a roar.
“That… that doesn’t sound like…”
The news-screen changed to an illustration of the court proceedings, the defendant’s box empty. The screen was super-imposed over with a grainy photograph. One that sent a chill down Sherlock’s spine.
"I need to prove it."
“And that’s it for today,” John said. “No homework for today, just keep revision in mind for your after-Christmas exams, ok? Er… Victor? Stay behind, please.”
“I had no idea how much me leaving would hurt you.”
Eurus looked at the gun in her hand, and twisted it, pointing it at herself.
Sherlock blinked.
But the incident had shaken John up.
Sherlock didn’t really know what to say to that. ‘…I don’t mind,’ he settled on.
“It’s…well, it’s not quite okay, John.”
Judith has a problem. Jim Moriarty has a nonviolent solution. This will be an interesting twist to The Game.
“Thanks for calling. That one needed a good run, I think this about did the trick for ‘im.” John looked over at Sherlock and grinned as he poked a thumb at him. Sherlock made a face and considered sticking his tongue out. Lestrade walked them to the primary line and saw them off again.
“Roger that!” The two smiled and waved.
“I’m not stupid, Sherlock, you know that. I understand
“Hell if I know! That’s an Airbus, could be anywhere!” She went to drop off her gear and headed straight to the helipad. Something told her the chopper was in for her. She crouched at the edge of the LZ, ducking the blade-wash. This wasn’t a long visit, this was a touch-and-go. Hmm. She watched field-personnel open the doors of the chopper and two men hopped out.
“Well, to be fair, love, I was up here, almost eleven feet above your head, and I had my back to you the first time.”
“Nah. Never really cared for it, and they’ve been content to leave me to my own business.”
“What do you think?”
“I can handle stubborn, Mrs Hudson. Twenty years in the army, five of that with Intelligence, I think I can handle Sherlock Holmes just fine.” John shrugged, letting her dote on him a bit. She fussed with his coat, paying attention to the pelt lining his hood.
“Good night, Mr. Moriarty. Good night, Major.”
“What happened, exactly? The dispatchers were a little vague on details.”
Good Lord, show me the way!
“You’re not a server, are you?”
“Sherlock, dear?” It was his dear landlady, Mrs Hudson. She wasn’t alone, though, Sherlock recognized his brother’s scent and tried to breathe around a sob.
“Oh, it’s
After that brief delay, they stayed together, dodging the police at what felt like every turn. It got a bit more interesting when they encountered one of the assassins posted around Baker Street. They didn’t get any answers from him, but a copy of The Sun led them to Kitty Riley. Sherlock had some strong words for that woman. Before they set off to hunt down the reporter who had tried to convince Sherlock she was a fan and a friend, when she was in truth neither, Sherlock fished the hand-cuff keys from his pocket and got them free. It didn’t take long and he left the hand-cuffs into a secure spot before he texted Judith on where to find them later.
“I heard that, young man!” Mrs Hudson called from the kitchen. Sherlock looked at John and they both snickered. When she returned from the kitchen, their patient, indulgent landlady had a plate of cold-cut sandwiches for them and fresh tea.
Sherlock finds John, but not where or how he ever expected to find him.
“Good! Very good.” He grinned at them. Sherlock didn’t move, still aiming his gun at Jim’s head but now a little anxiously, wondering what action the hidden sniper might take if one of them made the wrong move.
lucky people in his even smaller circle of friends and social contacts.
“Because I sure as hell
“I’m sorry if they caused any trouble, Mrs Hudson, my brother’s people can be a bit careless sometimes.” Sherlock looked at John, “But I think … well, you know how you’ve been on me about getting someone to share the rooms with me upstairs?”
“If you’re not expecting the trip?” John chuckled, “You took that better than either of
sorry, Myc, I know I ... ”
“Fold your legs lotus-style, son. And just relax, nothing to be ashamed of, nothing to worry about. No one around here’s gonna yell at you.” Uncapping one bottle of water, she had him swish to clean out his mouth a bit before the next wave hit, and he spit in the bucket.
“Not at all.” Said with a sly smile and in a smooth motion, Sherlock rose to his feet, water cascading from his skin like rain. John stared. He couldn’t help it. It was the first proper look he got of Sherlock. Skinny, yes, but not skeletal, not unhealthy. Tall, with dark, curly hair, pale smooth skin, nearly fucking hairless for that matter! Lucky bastard.
know about the drinking?”
“The most important equipment was always returned intact, John,” Sherlock said as he adjusted their positions. “I’ve come to appreciate the human element far more in the past few years, and I realize that being alone is not as ... desirable as I thought it once was.”
need a shower, so out you go!” Watching Sherlock stumble out of the bathroom in a daze was far more satisfying than it should have been, considering he’d done nothing more than kiss the man, but John would be lying if he didn’t admit that his heart was racing. He wore a bit of a shit-eating grin, but he had nothing to be ashamed of. Sherlock had started it this time, had initiated. He would ask before assuming more was wanted, and constant communication was ever so important, but he didn’t see the young man refusing him outright.
“I bet. Well, how much do you know about the, um, “East Wind Incident”?”
“Piss off, Mycroft!” Sherlock snapped, his voice unsteady, “And
“Good luck with that.” John rolled his eyes.
He finally hit the walking-path,
Out on the pool-deck, Sherlock Holmes had not come to Camden Sports Center alone, and he didn’t come unarmed. Or unprepared. Mycroft had witnessed Judith’s kidnapping and called them after he’d heard from Greg Lestrade asking if she’d left Baker Street. Apparently, she had never made it home. Sherlock had wasted no time putting a plan into motion to get Judith back safely. And that planning had led them to this moment. To the pool-deck in Camden, with a memory-stick full of stolen plans. And a foolish hope that this wouldn't backfire on all of them and get everyone killed. John Watson and Greg Lestrade had both accompanied him, all but insisting on coming along when the explained his plans to them. And right now, Sherlock was glad to have some company.
She breathed,
“More than.” John came back to himself with a shake of his head and he looked at his gifted young Quartermaster. “Thank you, Q.”
“But?”
“Is that really what you think happened out there? That I risked my life, my
“I’ll try not to be, Q. Thank you.” He held the box tightly.
“We’re here for The Met, we just had a few questions.”
“And now my brother does it for both of you.” Judith shook her head and followed Greg down the quiet street. There were very few people out, even the dedicated runners had stayed inside this morning, but sometimes it was nice to have the city to themselves. No crimes to worry about, no phone-calls to dread, just themselves for company and the weather to deal with.
“This should be worth the price of admission.” He folded his arms across his chest and watched as Q tucked the pen into the mannequin’s pocket and clicked it three times, patting the dummy on the chest.
“That’s me and my husband. His name was Robby.”
It would give him something to think about while she was still out. Pocketing her phone, Judith handed a bottle of water to a child pulling on her trousers, hands outstretched. Judith remembered very clearly that day, she just hadn’t thought of it in ages.
She choked,
“Hello, Freak.”
“So, Mr. Hope. Five people dead. What’s your motivation?”
“Bloody open book to you, aren’t I?”
“Donovan!” Lestrade yelled from up the road, getting their attention, “Go with her! She’s gonna see the rest of the family!”
“What is it, John?” Greg asked when he hesitated upon an unusual but not unexpected find.
“Do you think so?”
“I’m so sorry, John. I may be a bit more broken than I thought. You…deserve better.”
“Nothing to complain about, Captain. So, it’s Watson now?”
“You, for what
“I live in Manhattan. When I’m not
Mycroft sounded tired, not that she blamed him at all,
“That, friend, is Cruella DeVil. She owns a fashion-house in London, a bit of an odd bird.” He ruffled his hair with both hands, “I met her once.”
.” She leaned back, “I saw the past, the now, a future. I saw friends, family, strangers. Places I’ve never been and won’t see again.”
“Oh God,
“Yes.
“Ah. Right you are.” That got a bit of a mischievous smile and Sherlock bumped noses with him. “Allow me to make good on my proposals.”
“Hey. Are the boys coming?”
“Used to be?”
“And yet you can charm your way into any situation, quite easily.”
“I thought that was my job.” Sherlock smirked and looked at him, “Anything else I need to know about you?”
She caught sight of Philip Anderson and groaned,
They set the boxes down by the work-table and she pulled Sherlock away from his music long enough for a proper kiss. She tasted tea and chocolate and smirked.
“What’s his name?”
“Mrs Hudson, are you alright?!” John grabbed her by the arm, “You shouldn’t be out here!”
“I had my own business here, but I’m not above putting down a few minor conflicts.”
“John?”
After breakfast, they snuck out of Baker Street. Getting to Saint Bart’s didn’t take long, and she checked in with Greg to let him know that she and Sally were on-site at the hospital if he wanted them to take a patrol there.
“Just now. He’s the one who was behind those suicides last year. I shouldn't trust him at all! I shouldn't trust
“Are they going to let me through the
“You have as much right to be there as I do, Sherlock.” He reached out and trailed the fingers of one hand along the lapel of Sherlock’s coat, “Not to mention, you’re quite dressed to go out.”
“You wanted a goodbye kiss?” John smiled up at the tall boffin, who just nodded. “Then come down here, I’m not going to kiss you while you’re way up there.”
“Not usually.” She pulled out into traffic after clearing the gates on Dacre Street. “Don’t worry about me, worry about the rest of them.” She merged and kept her eyes open for trouble.
“Yes, ma’am.”
dh'ùrnaigh san abhainn le cheil'.
“Your brother, John, was with us for a while as he sought healing for his body.” The woman, taller and paler than Sherlock, and…hairless, smiled. She was pretty, in a strange sort of way.
“That ... was amazing.” He finally said. Sherlock looked round at him, apparently so surprised that he couldn’t even reply for the next four seconds.
“You’ve kissed someone before, haven’t you?”
“Hindi.”
So, I'm pretty sure I messed up a few things with police-procedure in NSY, but it's  fanfiction, it's my story, and I couldn't for the LIFE of me find anything that told me if Special Constables (like Judith) have to go through the same two-year period that new recruits have to undergo. If someone out there knows, can you tell me? And I really don't know how long you would have to sit in one rank before moving up, but I figure that you could be promoted on merit and skill. *shrug*
“Well, I saw him last at Baker Street, before he ran with Watson, and I think I’m one of the only people who knows how he got this scar.” Molly quietly turned Sherlock’s head and Greg pointed out a faint scar under his left jaw. Roben nodded, satisfied, and Greg signalled Molly to close the bag again. The second bag contained the corpse of James Moriarty, for whom Greg felt a special breed of hate.
O sisters, let's go down,
“Yeah, yeah, you, uh, you too.” He rubbed the back of his head, grimacing. With a parting wave, Lestrade's assistant was gone again.
“You could say that.”
“No, sir, I don’t.”
“Coming!”
“Think she’ll do, 008?” Q asked, drawing him back to the present.
“How did you find me?”
“Any time I park on the street, I can almost always count on tea and biscuits. On my quiet days while I was on regular patrol, I’d actually go inside and sit with her. Or upstairs with John and Sherlock. Have you met him?”
“What?”
“John.” His first thought was for John Watson. Dear, sweet John Watson, who had stayed at his side through every mad adventure he’d managed to drag up for them, never doubting him for a moment, trusting him to keep them both alive. Trusting Sherlock, London’s most-wanted would-be criminal, to hold a loaded gun to the side of his head and take him hostage.
“Time to tear down Beverley Watson. I will not call her Beverley Hughes, it’s an insult to the name.” He looke from Judith to John, “When this is over, I’m taking the pair of you for a pint. I’d like to get to know you better, Captain Hughes.”
“I will do,” John took out his wallet, and paid for the box of tablets, hating every moment. “Thank you.”
“Hey,” he cuddled Sherlock close, around the chest, avoiding touching his baby bump. “This isn’t the end of us as a couple, you know. We’ll still be in love. Just with an extra person, too. Whom we’ll both love.”
Mycroft huffed out a breath. ‘When you were a baby, a reform law came into effect, so omega-alpha betrothals were no longer legally binding. That meant that alphas could not
“Ok…” John brought their clasped hands up to his mouth, and kissed Sherlock’s knuckles. “Sherlock, I want to wait for you. I want to wait for you to tell me that you… want me. In every way you mean when you say it. Whether that’s as a friend, or something else. I don’t want to be the one who pushes you into anything.”
He reached between them both, and took a hold of John’s erection. John gasped, his eyes flying open as his cock throbbed on the edge of pain. And he came. He shook as come spilled out of him, pleasure rocking through his muscles, tightening and gripping Sherlock’s hard cock inside him.
“You know they can’t just do that.”
Sherlock looked away, clearly taking no notice of the noises John was making, and started opening the catch on John’s bag, and looking inside.
Sherlock nodded. “I know. I’m sorry.”
But neither of them could really understand the crushing, caving-in horror that was going on in Sherlock’s chest. The guilt. The fear. The anger.
“He’s not dead,” Moriarty said. “Not yet.” His fangs dropped slowly, like a tease.
Sherlock darted into the bathroom. He didn’t bother with his teeth – they had already kissed, John knew what he was getting into – and made the rest of himself as presentable as he could manage, before flying up the stairs.
“Thank you,” Sherlock stood, too. “Thank you for… listening to me.”
They looked at one another.
“How do you know?”
‘And – and Father?’
“We have to assume, as our duty of care,” Poppy went on, “that John is at risk – he’s an orphan, with a sister we cannot consider for fostering him, and he’s come from a potentially abusive home –”
that bodily contact – the sensation of crushing a lover against a surface – made Sherlock moan directly into John’s mouth. Sherlock could cover John completely, the difference in their heights was enough, and his inner alpha crowed in delight as the feeling.
“But she didn’t?”
“Assess?”
“No, it was my doing,” Sherlock looked at the ceiling. “I… when you came to the flat. I don’t doubt that being physically intimate then was to blame. I… should have resisted, but I… couldn’t.”
“So, how’s this – you call in, here, in a couple of days, and show me you’re behaving yourself?”
“Oh…” Sherlock picked his toast up again. “Even if… you had a mate, you’d let your mate… work?”
“John, the statistics for post-natal depression –”
John swigged from the bottle, and wiped the top before handing it over. “You’ve decided to banish me from your life forever?”
It was the last day of January.
The boys picked up their kits, and walked home, the usual banter somewhat subdued.
Despite the sedative, and the sleep he’d had on the plane, John felt exhausted as they stood waiting for their luggage to come on the belt. Sherlock hadn’t been speaking properly to him, and John sincerely regretted the sort-of argument they’d had in the corridor. At the same time, he felt rather irritated by the whole thing. If Sherlock was embarrassed he could understand, but Sherlock seemed upset and tired rather than embarrassed. Was he sick of John?
Sherlock jumped down, and John leaned his bike against a picnic bench before joining Sherlock to sit at it. The September air was cool, but pleasant enough to sit in without a coat after a ride.
Sherlock zoomed in on John’s face. He was forcing that smile – it wasn’t the genuine one Sherlock remembered. He looked well, though. Maybe a bit tired. That could be from work, though.
“What are my options, then?” he asked. “I was told anything I used might mess me up, and that might have already happened… seems like a bit of a catch-22.”
“No,” Siger said. “When the time comes, we want you to choose someone who’s going to cherish you, look after you, and love you.”
“Mum didn’t want us to be too early. Catch?” John tossed him a present. “If you hate it, the receipt’s in your card.”
“Welcome to the next eighteen years,” Sherlock sighed, pushing his t-shirt up. “Are you going to make me a cup of tea?”
The coroner, Oliver, gripped his trouser fabric in between his fingers, but didn't break eye contact. And John felt a flush of pride for him.
“…it just sort of came out,” John finished. “He didn’t know I was… pregnant, though.”
The teacher sighed at the single hand in the air, again. “Can someone other than Sherlock please make an effort to answer,” he glared at the class.
Sherlock unlocked the door, and let them both in, barely letting the door close before yanking Sherry close, and pressing his face, animalistic and desperate, into the curve of his brother’s neck.
Mycroft gave him a nod. “Sherlock. Doctor Watson.”
Sherlock waited for John to get ready in the mess hall, drumming his fingers on the table as he watched everyone bustle about. Most soldiers had left, onto their duties before the Colonel and Major General James Patterson arrived, and the kitchen crew were cleaning hurriedly, as if there was an inspection.
“Perhaps both.”
“Sherlock, he nearly ripped your throat out.”
“I doubt it,” Sherlock whispered. “He’s not interested. He told me so.”
He looked away from Victor, a rush of confused feelings going through his mind and body.
A flicker of something twitched on the good side of James’ face. “So… what was that night? Honestly?”
In the corner of the lowest stairwell, there were five boys brawling. Well, four of them were brawling. One of them was cowering, trying to cover his head and face from more punches.
Sherlock gave a sad smile, hope shining from his eyes. “And – and what if I stayed broken? Forever?”
Sherlock raised an eyebrow. If there was a crime wave, no one had told him. Then again, Lestrade might not notice a crime wave if it was happening on his doorstep. Sherlock went for his phone, then remembered it was missing. Or stolen. By that – that weirdo on the bridge.
“I know it doesn’t have to count,” John said. “But it happened. I can’t get past it, and I’m not going to forget it any time soon. I just… when we start… getting that close? I want it to be special, again. As special as it can be, given… the circumstances.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“You’d punch them? Don’t be dramatic,” Sherlock poked him in the arm. “It wasn’t the sort of thing you’d’ve noticed, anyway.”
The touch came again, nose and mouth and breath, along John’s bones, then up to the curve where his shoulder met his throat.
Was it dead?
Sherlock let himself be dragged upright, his eyes still on John. "She's here, then? In this hospital?"
Sherlock looked at him. “We always used –”
“I know mine still calls to you,” Moriarty sighed as if full of sorrow. “Easier to ignore now, of course, but seeing you there…” he scraped a fang over his lower lip. “I know I would have been good to you.”
“I mean… be my own grown-up,” John choked, eyes threatening to spill over at any moment. “I’m… not like you.”
She considered. “No, you can stay here,” she said finally. “Just don’t put the bolt on the door, when you lock it. We’ll be back late.”
John’s fingers were on Sherlock’s white belly, the flesh sunken, ribcage prominent against the dip. Sherlock’s touch was on John’s hand.
“Good,” she went back to staring at the ceiling.
John laughed softly. “We are so fucking young.”
Sherlock excused himself to use the bathroom when the coffee pot was brought out for the second time. John missed the warmth against his leg almost instantly, and tapped his still-full coffee cup as Cam also excused himself from the table. He wasn’t surprised. They’d all been drinking various liquids non-stop since they arrived.
‘It’s a long way,’ he said lamely, adjusting his billowy shirt. The trousers-and-skirt ensemble was comfortable, but he didn’t like the fashionable oversized shirts omegas were wearing right now.
“Yes, thank you…” he turned the focus, slightly.
“I’m not rushing, lovely, I don’t want to hurt you.”
“I’m not made of glass,” John moaned. “Fucking… fuck me.”
“You are both still at school!” Mycroft hissed.
Mycroft went purple. “How
Lestrade moved closer, too. John frowned at the shoes and trousers legs in his view. “You’re no poor excuse for an alpha, Mycroft. You know that.”
Having a baby was far from the worst thing that could happen to him.
Later, he would realise what Mycroft had been doing.
get clean? What would push me into that?”
“Sherlock Holmes, if you’re going to choose me, I want it to be just that – you
“No one said you were!” John gasped. “Haven’t I been good to you? Haven’t I taken enough care of you?”
John shook his head, digging his hands further into his pockets. “You honestly believe killing yourself would make everyone feel better, do you?”
“Morning,” he said sleepily, planting a kiss on John’s cheek.
Sherlock looked up, a sharp pain his reward. “Ouch. Who?”
There was a shout not too far ahead of him.
John raised his eyebrows.
“Sherlock! Even you must have enough social awareness to realise that to continue to fraternise with this man will only bring you down. People will assume he is yours, and that the – the infant is, too, and –”
"You can't protect him from everything. If all that's left of his humanity is his heart, then let him feel with it," John shrugged. “I’ll happily take it.”
John went still, his smile remaining, his eyes still shining bright.
"I know," John grinned. "We don't have to go by the book. We're already out of order. We can do what feels right."
“You should stay here.”
Sherlock reached up a hand, and slapped himself, hard.
Lestrade dragged a hand down his face. “God, how long have we been at this?”
John had been attacked.
“You already know the answer to that, Sherlock,” John sighed. “What we were meant to have was meant to be more than friendship. A love, in whatever form, is never the cure for depression. Love does not cure. But it can offer opportunity. It can form distraction. It can give purpose. That’s what we both had. Should have had. And you can still have. You don’t need
He was searching in a drawer when he stopped dead, a rush of fire burning over his skin, from his face, down, pooling in his stomach, making his legs shake.
ok? I mean, you did kind of do the one thing guaranteed to put you off me for life.’ He laughed, nervously.
“Of course I want you there. Who else am I going to have? Mummy? Mycroft?”
John swallowed. “We sort of just ran off, there.”
He hunched his shoulders, seeing if that looked any better, but he just looked like he had back problems.
John’s mouth opened and shut a few times. ‘What – what are you wearing?’ he finally spluttered.
with your life.” He walked over. “Your parents would like to see you succeed.”
“I’m ok.”
“Goodnight.” John let him go up, feeling slightly uneasy, as if he’d said something wrong.
“So lucky,” Cam sighed happily. “To grow up surrounded by such beauty.”
“My alpha,” John gasped. “My…”
“Yes,” Sherlock said quickly. So quickly John’s heart ached, and his fists clenched.
“A heat at school?” she asked kindly.
John bit his lip. “I wish he didn’t exist, but I’m glad you’re not on your own.”
Sherlock packed up his bag and went to sit in the tiny cupboard-sized office. He could just about see the teacher and another boy trying to stem the bleeding before the doors were unlocked from the central unit, and they led the boy away to the nurse.
“Awful blazer. And tie.”
‘I’m not sure. I want to be able to do a beautician’s course when I finish here, and he didn’t mention letting me study or work in his letter.’ She puffed out hot air into the starry sky. ‘Alphas.’
Sherlock shifted on the sofa. “No.”
“It’s ok,” Sherlock said, “you don’t have to describe it.”
Sherlock was up off his bed in an instant, opening his door as John screwed the top back on the bottle of white wine.
“Unless you can bring my mum and dad back, you can go away,” John sniffed, kicking his door closed in Sherlock’s face. Unspeakably rude, but he didn’t care, anymore.
“I’m fine, thank you. Just lost.”
“Mm. I’m not a fan. Feels too much like a doomsday novel.” John shifted his weight, and let out a soft groan at the back of his throat.
“John?”
“Gentle,” Sherlock cautioned, like John was a child.
There was nothing to say, that their bodies hadn’t already said.
“Oh god, Sherlock,” John pushed more of his finger inside, up to the knuckle. “You feel so warm, so soft…”
“You going out, today, or..?” John tried to cover the awkward silence.
The next two years passed in a blur.
Mycroft retired early to his office, leaving Sherlock and John in the living room.
He looked up.
“London,” Sherlock said. “And then... wherever I’m offered.”
Short chapter this time, but next one will be... interesting.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “I’m not avoiding. I just… realised something.”
“It’s ok,” Sherry sighed, leaning into the touch immediately. “You just… it’s ok.”
John smiled at him. “I love you.”
“Who did this?” Sherlock stepped right into John’s space, and made to take his arms.
Sherlock wanted to say
“Let’s have the case from the younger Holmes,” the judge looked at Tabitha.
. Either way dual sensations seemed to be overwhelming the human, who hid his face and murmured “Yes” into his skin.
Sherlock sighed, and got back under the blanket with him, and John drifted into an exhausted sleep.
John pulled a face. “No, thanks.”
“We found him, eventually. Three years after you left. He was brought into a South London police station. It was as though he’d been trying to make his way home. I took him the rest of the way. Well… there was a stop-off, first,” he added.
“I’d rather have you as a friend than an enemy,” John sighed. “I don’t need enemies.”
“It’s the most interesting thing I’ve got whilst John is on the case,” he said.
“Alpha presentation,” John announced to the class. This time, it was the omega and beta students who looked gleeful, and the alphas who tried to hide behind their textbooks. John sympathised with them, but privately thought they needed to be knocked down a peg or two after so many lectures of omega anatomy.
“Bakerloo Walk-In Centre, how may I –”
“Can you fucking blame me?” John’s eyes flashed, and he saw Sherlock flinch and cower slightly, clearly able to smell the annoyance from the alpha. “We’ve come back here to see how things go and all I’ve said is I’m worried about the behaviour of
"Getting sorted for bed," John said, loudly.
“I understand you must be upset, Master Watson –”
‘It’s your
‘John, let yourself come to. Your flatmate let me in. We’ve had a call for a patient. It’s in-house, but I know you’ve been looking after him.’ Fisher was the senior on-call for palliative care.
The box landed on the floor, more powder spilling out and drifting into the air.
Sherlock moved over, coming behind John, and gently draping an arm over his middle.
“Talking about you,” John kissed him on the top of his head. “I can’t take my eyes off you, you look so beautiful. You’re distracting everyone from their work.”
John closed his eyes. “Thanks.”
Sherlock made a noise like an irritated cat. "Fine. Fine. Another investigation held up by human bodily functions." He shoved the file under his arm as John cleared the laptop's search history and closed it down. "I'll go to my - our - room."
“Oh, fucking hell,” John stood in front of the mirror, eyes boggling at himself. “Shit.” His staples were taken out, and the effect was… shocking.
John blinked. “Are you being serious?”
And the three of them vanished.
He took his phone out. 1% battery. And his charger was locked in Victor’s house.
“Please what?" Sherlock lapped a bead of pre-come from John's cock.
“No! I’m… Look, this is… unexpected.”
“God,” Victor rolled his hips. “God, we’re not even… is this ok?”
It took hours for everything to be sorted, photographed, interviews done, and the body taken away in the ambulance.
Sherlock grabbed the bin seconds before John leaned over the side of the bed and heaved, giving up his supper in a sobbing wreck, the memories of the dream all-too real. Sherlock winced, but let John finish before helping him out of bed, and carrying him to his bathroom.
John pushed his chair back. He grabbed his coat, and zipped it up as he marched to the front door, his shoes stomping on the floorboards ad he went. He was furious, angry tears threatening as he sniffed painfully.
Hot prickles of horror suddenly ran over Sherlock’s skull. “Oh god, are you –”
Lestrade followed him. “You’re in rut.”
. That – that was supposed to be for Sherlock!”
“Har har, I have missed your wit,” John leaned against the doorframe. “And don’t get your bloomers in a twist – Sherlock told me to get out. So, here I am.”
Sherlock tentatively reached out, and stroked down the back of John’s head. The new vampire flinched, then relaxed into the touch. His mouth closed and his shoulders dropped as Sherlock stroked his hair.
“I don’t know anything about alphas or omegas,” John said, wiping at his eyes.
Mycroft rolled his eyes, but took the hint, and left the two of them alone.
“Thanks,” John took the papers and stood, receiving and returning another salute.
John stood, his chair scraping back as he did so.
Sherlock grinned back, pushing John down to snuggle into his chest, catching a few moments of rest before, unknown to either of them just yet, he would straddle John’s cock and fuck himself spare on it.
‘But look at it through my eyes, or his eyes,’ Sherlock pleaded. ‘Joseph’s built like me. He’s gone his whole life being kept away from alphas. You’re… nice. He’s going to think you showing him affection is a good thing.’
It wasn’t just the whole trans thing. It was the deductions, too. Sherlock couldn’t explain them. How he saw what he saw. How he knew what he knew. He could explain it, if he chose to. But it made people feel vulnerable. It made people hate him. It was best to do just keep his head down for the next two years, get to uni, and start a new life.
And Sherlock dropped the plastic box.
The nurse turned the screen just a little, so he couldn’t see. “Get you a good luck in a moment, darling, let me just get everything measured first…”
James choked on his drink, coughing and banging on his chest as he put his mug down. “You’re – you’re still in hostel?”
Sherlock could hardly deny it. “Some things. Not all.”
“Not your fault,” John nosed at Sherlock’s throat, kissing over his scent gland spot, giving it a tiny lick to taste his love’s skin. “We – we’ve got a couple of years. Mrs Rivers says I can attend Sixth Form, and see how it goes.”
Contains mention of periods.
“Rest assured, Doctor Watson, Sherlock’s status as an Unpresented has, so far, been entirely natural. However, he will be twenty years old after Christmas, and I worry about how much time he has left.”
John touched further, swirling his finger over the soft skin, feeling the tiny twists of hair, the tautness of the flesh, the wetness leaking that was just enough to ease a fingertip inside the omega.
“Moved out. Lodging with a friend,” John shrugged. “Until I find somewhere else.”
“I’ll move out,” John said, again.
Sherlock leapt up, and put a hand on his clenched fist. “John, don’t. This is what he wants. Drop him.”
Sherlock was in his final year at Uni, but had already written his dissertation, and so had plenty of free time to spend with John in his two weeks off.
John nodded. “You saved my life, I… can’t ask more than that from you. I’m sorry it… was so sudden.”
There was no point in lying about it. “Five months.”
“I know, rather me answering the door than the Ice Man,” Sherry laughed, kissing John on the temple, and cuddling him close for a moment. “Thought you’d like the company as you got settled in.”
Sherlock let out a feral snarl. “What have you done to him?”
“Yeah.”
Sherlock carried the envelope to a corner of the room, and turned it over in his hands. He started to open it carefully, tearing at a corner.
James was waiting for him, at the bottom. “John… John, you don’t have to do this. I’m sorry, I’m so sorry –”
John tensed, but didn’t argue.
“Right, now, your prescription is staying the same,” John pressed ‘print’, “and, as usual, I’m expected to tell you to eat what you want, plenty of fluids and as much sleep as you like, but you know all of that already. You’ve lost two pounds, so I really need you to drink one of those meal-replacement drinks at least once a day. That’s on top of your normal food, not instead of. Ok?” John held the prescription out. At the bottom was his full name.
“Can’t have you starving on the job now, can I? Wouldn’t do for that.” Angelo scolded as he handed over the bag of food, “How’s your brother?”
Jim’s voice wavered a bit,
“Come by Maroush tonight, I’ll be there until close.”
“I didn’t know, I saw. Your haircut, the way you hold yourself, says military. But your conversation as you entered the room ... said trained at Bart’s, so Army doctor – obvious. And while we were at Gabriel’s Wharf, you mentioned stitching up soldiers in Kandahar when I was a lad of six.” He paused to take a draw of his cigarette. “Were you any good?”
“Are you
“What makes you think something’s wrong?”
Greg sounded tired,
“Uh. Well, n-not ... not exactly. I’m ... so sorry, I didn’t mean to barge in on you like this, I’ll just ... ” Christ, was he really acting like a flustered teenager?
Greg chuckled a bit.
“You need to eat something, I’ve got a bit set aside for you, I’ll go bring it out.” She just smiled and disappeared again.
they would be requiring two bedrooms. He paced the span of the room once, window to wall, and decided to get the blood flowing a bit. Dropping to the floor, John braced himself up, palms flat against the worn grain of the hardwood, smoothed by time and full of tiny imperfections. He did twenty push-ups, twenty sit-ups, and then, feeling quite a bit more energised, decided a shower was in order.
A week later, they were summoned back to London. The dognappers had struck again, and this time, the owners had called Scotland Yard. That was how they found themselves in Gabriel Gate Mews in Lambeth knocking on the door of a nondescript, quaint house that apparently belonged to the heartbroken owners of the last fifteen puppies that had been stolen. As they waited outside, John looked at Sherlock.
“Yes, sir?”
“You were wounded. Afghanistan or Iraq?”
“Part of it.” He joined Sherlock on the pavement and looked around. “Oh. Nice part of town, bit expensive up here, isn’t it?”
me to come with you?” Sherlock seemed almost surprised that John was asking him to come along. “I mean, won’t I … get in the way? You’re going to be rather busy with Molly, I imagine, you don’t need
“Ladies and gentlemen, welcome guests, please put your hands together for Alshshafq Alrraqisun, featuring our very own Zazi! She comes home to Maroush after years in the deserts of Afghanistan. Please give her a warm welcome, ladies and gentlemen!” The way he said it made it sound like this particular dancer was a regular, but that didn’t seem too terribly likely. The girls arranged themselves and on the right musical cue began a beautiful and mezmerising dance-number. The idea behind legitimate belly-dancing was not to be a strip-tease but an unfolding.
It had already been a long, exhausting day when John Watson got a new table. There was something slightly pathetic about a veteran with twenty years of service in the Army reduced to near homelessness and no job prospects in the field he had the most experience in. Desperate for work and income to bolster his pension, John had taken up a position as a waiter at Quo Vadis in London. A swanky, upscale place on Dean Street with a private member’s club and a clientele that ranged from wealthy  tourists with cash to burn to equally wealthy, if less courteous, locals who had more money than sense and a nasty habit of looking down on you if they thought for a minute you were different from them.  He saw ambassadors and heads of state, government lackeys, doctors, venture capitalists, and rich business types all rubbing elbows with travellers from all corners of the world, often all in one night. Usually, his patrons were polite but demanding, but there were some nights when he just couldn’t please anyone.
“And then, together, we take our medicine.” He smiled and licked his lips expectantly, “Let’s play.”
For a minute he thought Lachey would do as told, but John wasn’t terribly surprised when he instead swung around on him. There was a struggle and John fought to get the gun away from Lachey. He lost his gun in the tussle, but John managed to get the upper hand and recovered his Glock when Sherlock skidded it across the concrete to him while he was on his knees. Fingers tight around the grip of his gun, he lunged to his feet and swept the Colt out of the suspect’s hand. It clattered against the concrete behind them and he put Lachey into a headlock as he pressed the muzzle of his gun to the man's temple.
“Oh, no you’re not! Sherlock, you owe me an explanation!”
“Is it his habit to come to the door?”
“Here.” Handing over a silver key. He gave John the key to his case and carefully opened John’s. Folded carefully inside and wrapped in leather and cheesecloth, was a thick, soft pelt that matched the lining of John’s coat.
“For what?”
One morning, while she was off working on getting her Basic Keelboat Certification, he planned out his next move. He
“Well, we just call ‘im that, sir. His real name is Sherrinford.”
Mycroft Holmes sat in his office in MI6 Headquarters in Whitehall, studying recent CCTV footage with unusual intensity. He had been scouring the footage prior to the phone call he’d just received from his husband, which he did feel a bit bad about hanging up on Gregory as he had but he had something else to handle just momentarily. Gregory had, of course, apologized for the fact that he would be late coming home due to processing and paperwork for a call he’d taken. Someone had called in a disturbance and his husband had been among several officers dispatched to handle the situation, that had led to the arrest of several unruly inebriated patrons of a pub where a brawl had broken out. Mycroft knew, as Gregory knew, that his husband had far better things to be doing with his time than marshalling bar-brawls on a Tuesday night, but sometimes there just wasn’t anything he could do except take the call. Now, Mycroft was going over footage of the pub from earlier in the evening, going frame-by-frame. One of the patrons got his attention and he paused the footage, going a few frames back to see when he first came into camera-range, and then forward looking for a good angle.
a bit!” John snickered, “You’re as bad as Sherlock!” Judith shrugged and kept herself busy until it was time to shut down the scene. Anderson had some choice words for her for letting John and Sherlock on the scene before anyone from the Yard got there and how that was against regulation and blah, blah, blah.
“Found a pair of my old boots that’ll keep me dry! Thanks, lads!” He waved over his shoulder and headed for a secondary line. They stopped short of the line and climbed onto the retaining wall, looking down on the scene from above.
“You’re very fond of dogs, are you?”
“Evening, John.”
“Hello, H.” John faced Mycroft Holmes, “What are you doing down here?”
“I’m sorry for your troubles, Mr. Hope, I really am. And I wish there was something we could do to help you but…I’m not even sure you
“Right behind you through that sliding door.” Sherlock wasn’t even looking at him, but John suspected that didn’t matter.
“Well, surely you can stay long enough for
“A tame word for what you really are to her.” The man got to his feet and turned to face Greg, who was struck by how
“I didn’t ask for it, but we’re keeping our relationship open. I’m not going to do to him what Claudia did, I can’t. I’ve been burned before. But…”
different.
“I got this.” He pulled the door open as she handed over his wallet from her waist-belt, “Thank you, dear.” She slid in behind him and waited near the door while he got into line. It was seven-fifteen, but even the early crowd wasn’t too terrible. When he got to the front of the line, he placed an order for two egg-and-bacon breakfast sandwiches and two mochaccinos for take-away and paid the girl behind the counter.
“You liked it.”
“Consulting criminal.” He shook his head, “Brilliant.”
“Well, no offence, son, but you can certainly do better than a scarred old war-dog like me. Looks like yours? You could have anyone and anything you wanted.”
After solving the taxi-cab murders, the last of which John rather cleverly titled A Study in Pink, it was quiet for Judith and her loved ones. Her brother filed the necessary paperwork to change his last name to Watson. Which took a bit less time than usual in part, no doubt, thanks to Mycroft Holmes’ interference. He could be downright annoying, overbearing at the worst of times, but he meant well and really did have their best interests at heart, even if he was a bit misguided. Judith settled into a routine at The Met in Criminal Investigation Division, reporting to work every morning at eight, and returning home whenever she got a chance. Sometimes she didn’t see her bed for two days, other days she was home before midnight.
“John.” He spoke the name softly, “John Watson.” Speaking the name conjured memories of fair, sandy hair, tanned skin, eyes that couldn’t quite decide which shade of blue they wanted to be, and the promise of laughter in the lines around his mouth and eyes that carried the weight of great sadness as well. Of a soft tenor etched with accents from places people had forgotten the names of centuries ago. The scent of petrichor and moss, of ancient forests, mingled with the smell of slightly-damp, clean fur and covered by a neutral cologne. The way he had felt
“Oh, John.”
She escaped to a lift and headed back to Homicide and Major Crimes, bee-lining for CID when she got there.
'g ùrnaigh 's a'foghlum facal Dhé,
“You’re drunk, Claudia. How long have you been drinking?”
“How many times have you seen him?” Greg was already in work-mode, had been since they had called his team to Brixton probably.
“God, yes!” She got up from her desk, “Get me out of here, Sherlock Holmes, and I’ll do anything for you.”
“Are you done with that?” He asked quietly, indicating the glass in Lestrade’s hand.
“Okay, you win.” Lestrade downed the rest of his drink, his expression grim. “Jesus, I had no idea that was you.”
“Mm.” Judith took the image from Greg and studied it. “Hmm. Lovely family.”
“Hmm. Well, if I can leave you alone for a few hours, I’ll go do some hunting.”
“Christ, no!” Hooper shook her head, tucking her hair behind her ear, a nervous gesture. “I’m so sorry about that.”
“Yeah.”
“No, she’s not a stupid woman, but she’s never seen us in this state before.”
“Be careful.”
? “Don’t it drive you mad? Why can’t people just think?”
“And I know people who don’t take kindly to the likes of her threatening a delicate balance of domestic content in London.” He was thinking specifically of Mycroft Holmes, “It’ll be done quickly once I put in word that Judith Watson is possibly in danger.”
“My mother was driving.” Judith sat down, “Richard swears it was all an accident, but I’m not stupid.”
“No, you haven’t. I like you, even if you won’t give me the courtesy of a name. I’m not asking for much, you know?”
“Figured you would, seeing you were this close anyway.” Lestrade smiled and showed them where to leave their coats, if they’d like to. But neither John nor Sherlock were about to leave their coats unattended. Bad things happened when you did that, and Sherlock had just gotten his
She ran one hand through her hair, not missing the tremor in her fingers. “
“Yes, thank Mr. Holmes for me, will you? I know he said something, or I’d have been out on my arse with nothing to show for it.” Moran smiled and pulled her off the floor, “Get up. Won’t do having the likes of you sitting on the dirty floor.”
“What, that DB5 you’ve rebuilt at
to London, Judith? Is the Sanctum safe?”
“You knew Sherlock Holmes?”
“You know we can’t just show up on a Met scene like the old days, Sherlock. Almost no one there knows I’m back, never mind
“Hmm. Bit awkward, this.”
“Yes, we did. And if they try to interrupt us, they’ll be very sorry for the trouble.” John leaned down and kissed Sherlock on the forehead. He knew he wasn’t the lad’s first, but certainly his first in a long while. But he had to admit that Sherlock was certainly one of his best. When Sherlock had relaxed and taken him completely, he gave him time to adjust.
“Thank you, Colonel.”
to help on crime-scenes. Would introducing John Hughes to Sherlock Holmes really be a good idea? Or was that just asking of the kind of trouble he couldn’t afford? He already got some flak from his higher-ups for having Sherlock on the rosters, but Mycroft kept them in check, since the politician had a bit more than some influence on their paychecks.
“We’re absolutely sure it’s a serial-killer?” John folded his arms, rocking back on his heels. The three of them were of the opinion that the suicides plaguing the city were actually the work of a serial killer who was either very lucky, or very clever. They had brought this idea before Greg and Sally, but for the sake of keeping the city calm and not promoting blind panic, they hadn’t made the concept public. Judith had been keeping a closer eye on the streets while on patrol, but it wasn’t until tonight, just an hour ago, that she…oh, Christ. Judith looked the body, flashed back to the cab she had seen earlier. Something must have shown on her face, because the boys looked at each other and John took one step towards her before she turned and ran.
“Four thousand miles
“That’s…Nepal? You spend your weekends in
It was a bit funny to watch how thoroughly
the cops had been called, and of
“Because you’ve mastered the magic of turning back time. I need you to do that for me in London.”
going?”
“What?” He frowned, leaning forward on the balls of his feet as he crouched before his chair, rubbing her knee absently as he tried to calm her down, “Why would…oh, hold on. Wait. They bumped you past Police Constable up to DC, didn’t they?”
“Which means
an outside opinion, sir?” The man, outfitted in blue, asked, having overheard that bit of conversation.
“But you didn’t announce yourself tonight.”
“Donovan, I’m not even supposed to
“Do you know the words, Judith?” Sherlock murmured. She nodded, maintaining contact with John, and knew what Sherlock was asking for.
“Then you could cherish the look of surprise on my face. ’Cause I’d be surprised, Sherlock; really I would.” Jim looked over his shoulder and wrinkled his nose, “And just a teensy bit disappointed. And of course you wouldn’t be able to cherish it for very long.” He turned away from them again.
“Molly!” The harried-looking police-officer was leading a small team pushing a gurney. They were from the Coroner’s Office, and that was a new dead body to add to Doctor Hooper’s already-full roster. John recognized the silver-haired man he had met briefly the other night.
“I’m used to it.”
“Try four thousand miles for size.”
“Me? Yeah, I’m fine, I’m fine. Fine.” He turned to Judith, wide-eyed and breathless. “That, er…thing that you, er, that you did – that, um…” Greg cleared his throat, “… you offered to do. That was, um…good.”
“You know the smell of the ocean, the way the air smells?”
promise that no one you care about will be harmed or threatened.
“Possible. Jury’s still out on that account.”
“Saw the cab about an hour and a half ago, parked right there.” She pointed to where Greg’s car now sat, “Got a good look at his face, too. Pretty average-looking bloke, doesn’t look a thing like a serial-killer.”
“It’s the fog!” Judith shouted, covering her mouth with her sleeve, “It’s the fog, don’t breathe in! Don’t breathe!”
She looked at Greg as she sat down to tie her bootlaces,
“Just remember to aim for the bucket. And don’t forget to drink between bouts, alright?” She doused two flannels with water and folded one to lay against the back of his neck before she covered his head and shoulders with the towel. She stood in front of him, blocking him from the rest of the crew, waiting for his body to signal its slow-down.
The press-conference was fairly straight-forward, as far as such things went, and when the question of a serial-killer came up, it got a bit more interesting. The crowded room was humming and they were sort of making it harder to keep quiet. But anything she had in mind for giving a piece of her mind to the press was way-sided when every phone in the room started buzzing. Not a phone-call, but a text message instead. Someone had hacked into the system and sent out a one-word message:
The drive from Baker Street to their destination was quiet and Sherlock stroked the back of John’s hand, unwilling to demand more from his mate.
doing down here?”
It was quiet as they pulled into the Tesco’s car-park and parked next to John’s car. But he didn’t get out right away.
Returning the favour for John when it was his turn, paying special care to the scar on his shoulder and his hair, Sherlock got out first and waited for John, handing him a towel to dry off. After a brisk, efficient wipe-down, they were moving back towards the bedroom. Once there, John took the towel from Sherlock and took the time to properly dry him off. It was a slow process getting dressed, they kept touching. The near-constant contact was leaving very pleasant, faint trails on Sherlock’s skin where his magic and John’s merged and touched and blended. Sherlock
O, bhràithrean, rachamaid sios,
“You can go sit down if you want to.”
“Good night, Anthea.” He stepped back and watched the car drive off again. His car would be garaged in half an hour. Desperate for some sleep, Greg went back inside and locked his doors. Ten years he’d known the Holmes brothers, ten years he’d known Anthea. What a thing. He heard water running upstairs and smiled. Judith would sleep hard tonight, hopefully without nightmares. He knew, personally, how badly PTSD could fuck up sleep-patterns. Taking his own shower, Greg dried off and got ready for bed. He was supposed to have a day off tomorrow, but crime never took a vacation, so it would be a wait-and-see game if any calls came in. It was half-one in the morning, he anticipated getting at least three hours of sleep, maybe four if he was lucky.
“Will do! Good night, boys!” She called back, waving to Mrs Hudson as she left the flat, making sure to lock the door behind her. It was twilight as she stepped out onto Baker Street, and she pocketed her keys as she walked south down Baker Street and headed for home.
It was busy but quiet, and Judith slowly unwound from the crazy day she’d had. The dancing provided the badly-needed outlet Judith had needed and getting lost in the rhythm was simple despite her state of agitation. Each incident of today had been personal on some level, and she was desperate for relief. At nine-thirty, during one of the fifteen-minute performances they put on every hour, the doors opened and Judith recognized the man shaking rain off of his coat and umbrella. It looked like he was alone, but if
“Should’ve seen the man’s eyes when I told him what I was looking for, just about committed him for the way he kept smiling.” John had given him a nearly identical ring to the one he had given John, which was both touching and a little worrisome. He and John exchanged rings, just as they had entrusted their pelts and freedoms to each other a moment ago, and Sherlock noticed that they each wore one silver ring on the right hand and the primary band on the left hand with the second silver band flush.
“This place is amazing! It’s gorgeous, it’s
“Oh.” John hadn’t really even considered that. “Y-you don’t mind?”
“You might say that. Where are we going?”
“We’ve both had two pints and the last thing I need is either of us getting pulled by one of your lot for driving drunk.”
“Poor Mrs Hudson.” John linked arms with him, “But she’s not a stupid woman.”
?” He narrowed his eyes.
“Love you, A!” John said cheerfully, blowing her a kiss that almost got him decked for the cheek.
“Last time you jumped, I thought you were dead for two years.”
the way Moriarty wanted it to.”
“Inside, I think? With Sherlock and Anderson.”
He looked Hutchison, who looked a bit confused.
“Who’s hitting on what now?”
“I won’t hurt you, you’re too dear. I don’t think Seb would like me very much if I hurt his favorites.” Moriarty leaned in close, “There’s a bit of a game I’m playing, if you don’t mind a round?”
She called in to Dispatch,
“Return the car to Kensington after I situate the fuzzy ones, and then hitch a ride across the bridges to MI6. I need some higher help.”
“No, I’ve kept each one of them. They’re…all I have of you. Of either of you.”
“I can’t, but the Director certainly can. As she put it to me, it is in the best interest of the further security and safety of the City of London as a whole entity that Judith Watson be given a higher rank and greater responsibilities, of which we are absolutely certain she can manage.”
“You don’t have to
“Do you
“Mm. Nope.” He clicked the bracelets around the prick’s wrists, “Stop. Squirming.”
you.”
me. Idiot Anderson won’t take a fucking hint!”
“Really?” John pushed up for a better look, “That’s big! Who from?”
“You’re not the best at The Met for no reason.” Bond circled her, he always did when they hadn’t seen each other in a bit longer than either would have liked, “If anyone can solve this, it will be you. Why haven’t you applied for a full position yet?”
“But that’s such a long time!” Oh, she had him good. He was still standing there as they pulled away, the saddest lost-puppy expression on his face. Her guys knew better than to pick on her about a new conquest, but the knowing looks and snickers in the truck were not subtle. Judith just shook her head and checked the mirrors for a last glance of the very charming Will Holmes. That wasn’t his name, though, she knew that now. That, if she wasn’t mistaken, was a grown-up Sherlock Holmes.
“I know what you promised, but we both know that duty must come before family when necessary. Do what you can and I’ll see you at home. Where can I take you?”
“So, let me see if I have this right. Stephen Strange, age thirty-four, single but interested, too busy to pursue her, once the top of your field in…neurosurgery, known world-wide for your skill, lost the use of your hands in a car accident no one should have been able to survive, but you did.” She narrowed her eyes thoughtfully, “You spent everything you had trying to heal your hands and get your life back together, before something drove you to seek a different kind of healing in Kamar-Taj. Coming here, you’ve found magic, but you can’t let go completely. You’re a scientist, magic has no place in logic.”
“Oh, such lack of respect. You know, I can have you fired for talking to me like that?” Moriarty walked right up to John and looked him up and down. “Huh. Not much to look at, are you?”
“Would you like one? It’s highly unlikely we’re ever going to meet again.”
“I’m likeable?”
“What are the names of your children, Mr. Hope?” Judith looked over her shoulder at Greg. She could see the wheels turning in his head. Hope pulled a picture from his wallet and slid it across the table.
“What, John? What is it?”
!” She pressed one hand to her mouth for a moment, stifling a bubble of something in her chest, “Well, I kind of have to do that!”
“Sherlock, you
“No, you’re not.” Jim blinked, then closed his eyes briefly. Sherlock did likewise in an unintentional mirror movement. Jim smiled and opened his eyes again.
“Oh my god!” Palmer whimpered. They got busy stitching Stephen up while he explained to Palmer just exactly what it was they did at Kamar-Taj, but how Judith didn’t actually
“That’s not what people normally say.”
“Well, since neither teaching or clinical practice really hold any appeal to me.” He shrugged. Before anything else could be said of the matter, they were interrupted by the arrival of someone John was familiar with and he stiffened.
“Of course. It’s the least I can do.” He smiled and looked at John, who rolled his eyes and fetched their coats, “Besides, you brought me cases earlier, I owe you one.”
“This is beautiful, is this from your pelt?”
“John.”
“Oh, you should have
“Is that what’s lining the hood of his coat?”
...-...
“Okay, which leads me to my next question. What did
“And then?”
“Several. But, um, you’d better take a look. This one landed on the back-burner, we can’t make anything of it.” He handed them the file and let Sherlock open it. Inside was something entirely unexpected.
“I’ll have to get Mycroft involved.”
! There’s more than just friends between them. I ain’t blind, and I ain’t stupid.” He looked over at John, who couldn't seem to decide if he wanted to punch Hope or kill him, and winked. Then he turned back to Judith.
leaving tonight! Come on! The sooner we get there, the sooner we can celebrate this little milestone of yours! A
“No. Not yet. I’ve considered it, but it seems…sacrilegious, almost disrespectful. I haven’t earned the right to wear the uniform.”
“Yep. Don’t forget the light.”
“Ah.” He leaned over the back of Sherlock’s chair. “Abnormally elevated carbon dioxide levels in the blood. And you said frostbite?”
“What are you looking for?”
someones.
“It’s fine.”
“Somewhere warm, and far away from here.” Hmm. Looks like he was going for vague this time.
“You’re smart, Donovan. And surprisingly open with a stranger.” She reached over and squeezed the fingers clenching the steering-wheel so tightly they were turning white, “You didn’t mean to tell me everything, did you?”
“Don’t worry about it, Inspector.” She smiled and patted the rumpled lapels of his mac, “We had a layover in Germany yesterday and got enough sleep to keep us going as long as needed.”
If there was one thing Judith Watson didn’t have much of, it was patience for stuffy government types who didn’t give a damn about the faces behind the numbers on their spreadsheets, let alone the numbers marked in red to note a combat-death or cause-related death. She had seen her share of inspections, and nearly every time she received a warning from her superiors to behave the next time, these people signed their paychecks and controlled their budgets. The last thing any of them wanted was a smart-mouthed medical officer to tell off the wrong government official and get vital funding pulled.
“Eh, yeah. Sorry.” He cleared his throat, “You’ve heard that before, I take it?” God the man could be a relative!
“Sorry?” He blinked and looked over.
“Goodbye, handsome fellow. We’ll get your puppies back. You get on your barking-chain and we’ll work our side of things, right?” He got a soft woof and a paw. As they left the house, Sherlock looked at him curiously.
“Something wrong?”
“Exactly what it looks like.” Greg cradled the box with one hand so it wouldn’t accidentally get dropped as he went down on one knee, wondering if the tremor he felt was in his hand or if they were both shaking.
“I’ve been in and out of the country for the last six months, I haven’t been
“And your tall friend?”
“Ah, you’ll be right as rain in a minute, son.” She smiled at him, pushing damp hair out of his eyes, “What’s your name?”
“Where are we, Donovan?” Greg asked in a professional, almost formal tone of voice.
long time.”
be completely grey yet.”
“So, can I hunt you down later for statements? You were a tremendous help in here.”
“Not on, Kitty. Not on.” Sherlock lifted her away by the scruff and gave her a look. “This is
“You’re just getting that now?” Jim blinked at him, almost disappointed. “Oh, you are a slow one, Mr Holmes.”
“Big Brother at your eight.”
Mycroft pays a visit to Maroush Edgeware Road to see if he can catch Judith Watson on her shift as a dancer. Also, it has been a very long, strenuous day for all of them, and this seems to be a fitting way to unwind. Good food, excellent drink, and extremely good company can make a difference in a man's outlook on things.
“Um, who’s this, sir?” Anderson asked curiously, staring at John in what might have been awe.
When the dancers scattered among the tables to make their rounds of the customers and select the last few lucky unfortunates. It was random choice, or that’s what they said, and Greg was curious to see who would get pulled tonight. A few inebriated patrons were hauled from their seats to the great delight of their mates, including two from their table. Judith’s gorgeous companions did the picking, and Greg was a teensy bit jealous. The whole idea was to try, and in good fun make a fool of yourself, and Greg knew his skills were dismal when sober, he couldn’t imagine what it would be like drunk. He wasn’t drunk, but it was damn close.
“Distracting
“Watch yerself,
Three of them said it in unison. Judith and Sherlock weren’t likely to inflict harm on Brook, but that didn’t mean John would play nice.
warned him about having experiments about. John had no idea what was what and left it all alone. The microscope looked like it had been “borrowed” from Saint Bart’s if the label on the base was any indicator. The chemistry sets were likewise borrowed, they had the same labels. It amused him that Sherlock had a habit of just taking whatever he wanted or needed, but it didn’t surprise him.
“I happened to be in the area.” He looked past Lachey to Sherlock. “You alright?”
“I’ll do my best, I make no promises.” He looked her over, “You’ve got your sling-ring?”
“Uh, no. Don’t think so. We dated, but not…seriously.”
“I want you to have something.” He sat down next to John, needing to be close. “I’m not sure when my brother had this recovered from Moriarty’s keeping or how long he’s had it, but…it’s back where it belongs, it’s back with me.” He lifted the coat from the case and stroked the fur lining the hood and the collar. the entirety of the hood was lined with the fur, not just the edge, and the collar as well.
Mary finally asked,
“So, what’d you give me, then?”
“He’s going home.” Mycroft groaned. Did John know somehow? Had he worked out the lies for himself and learned that Sherlock was alive? Not a man of religion, Mycroft Holmes found himself praying for forgiveness. And for peace. Not just for himself, but for Sherlock Holmes and John Watson.
There was a swirl of fabric at the periphery of his vision and he turned his head as a handful of glitter dusted his hair and shoulders. He had a brief thought that the stuff would never come out of fabric and how much grief he would get from coworkers when his jacket and shirt shimmered. The edge of a scarf brushed against his cheek and he caught at it with shaky fingers, turning his face into the folds of silk. By the heady scent clinging to the fabric, he knew it was Judith’s scarf. With a quick flick of motion, the scarf landed around his neck.
She blushed.
‘Well. I’m sure there are plenty of confidentially listening ears in a school like this?’
And it was like dying.
“MSc,” Sherlock said. “Chemistry.”
John’s face was stone. “Scandal,” he repeated.
Sherlock staggered back to his own chair, his knees feeling rather weak. One of the beta boys caught his eye and gave him an encouraging smile. Sherlock could only nod as he slumped at his desk.
Sherlock shook his head.
“I don’t want to lose you, ok?” John said, looking Sherlock dead in the eye. “Ever. I want you to be happy, and – and no matter what we are to each other, I still want to keep you safe, and happy, ok? You… I don’t give a shit what secrets you keep from me, so long as they’re not making you hurt yourself.”
John hid his laugh by looking out the window at the busy street below. “I can’t believe this is ours,” he said, once the door closed behind the housekeeper.
“Don’t… go inside me,” Sherlock said, squeezing his eyes shut, for a moment.
‘I’ll never push you into anything,’ she said firmly. ‘Ever. It’s illegal, and you need to be the one who chooses, Sherlock. But you will be so much safer as a bonded omega, and if you can find someone who will love you, support you, support your learning and hobbies and interests, allow you to grow and keep you safe… that’s what I want for you, Sherlock. For you to have everything you were talking about. University. To be more than a parent, if that’s what you choose. Not every alpha would give you that. Almost none would. If you find one you think would? You keep him in mind.’ She eased out of his arms. ‘Bonding isn’t the sentence you think it is, Sherlock,’ she said. ‘For a lot of omegas, it’s the closest thing we can have to freedom.’
“His respite care ends the day after tomorrow, and he’ll go home for a while, and then… come back when he needs to.”
“What about the buildings opposite?” he asked.
“She was fine,” her alpha said, his panic overriding any dominance he had over John touching his mate. “She just screamed, and fell. Is she –”
They pulled up outside Mycroft’s house – not the one John remembered.
“John…” Sherlock’s hips twitched, and he realised he had gone still, too distracted by John’s touch of his body to keep up his movements. “I…”
“And what then?” Sherlock snapped. “What do I tell him?”
and Sherlock’s reply…
They both looked away.
Sherlock lay back on his bed. Their joint loathing of the Chemistry teacher was something that had cemented their friendship almost immediately.
"When you're alive for as long as I've been, you stop believing in coincidences," Sherlock said, smiling softly at John.
John stepped forward, then cleared his throat again. “Sherlock…”
So, they were in.
“He’s…” John looked up, and felt himself blush. Sherlock almost smiled.
Sherlock blushed, then nodded.
He had to. He had to come back.
Sherlock looked down at the baby.
like John. The initial crush he felt at the start had only grown, and Sherlock couldn’t help the soft, warm feelings that washed over him whenever John brushed against him, or they bumped into each other, or John did something that proved to Sherlock that true friends could exist, in this world.
Pain ignited across his belly, down his back and thighs as he tried to sit up.
John caught his hand again. “That’ll be better for your wound. It needs to breathe, not be clamped under a cushion.”
“He’d never forgive me,” Sherlock said. “He doesn’t want to bond. And neither do I.”
“Oh, hell,” John sighed. “Ok. Tell me when.” He geared up for a run.
And John obliged, placing a fingertip to the swollen and exposed tip, making Sherlock clamp a hand over his mouth as he fought off a cry.
John smiled. “I might, actually. Maybe not four, like your family, but it’d be nice for him to have someone to play with.”
the roads?”
"What, are you 5? It didn't bloody hurt. Let him go. He can't do anything to you."
Their eyes never left each other’s faces.
“Mm.”
“And I’m a teenager,” John said, feeling his face starting to heat up. “Sherlock… I’m not out to get into your pants. I don’t want to get into anyone’s pants. That’s not what I want right now.”
Except he never found any.
Sherlock stopped fighting, and let himself flop to the floor.
She just blinked at him.
For so long, John had longed for love. Had longed for a relationship where he was not used and abused, and was respected as an equal, not just a
John nodded. “They want you to be an alpha, so they can justify making you his carer, am I right?”
Sherlock collapsed on top of John Watson’s chest, and screamed.
“Sit here, John,” Tabitha, the lady from Mycroft’s work indicated a chair for him. She was wearing robes, and a tiny wig on her hair that made her look a bit funny. Sherlock, here. Mycroft, you’ll have to sit in the stands until I call you to witness.”
“Stop?”
Sherlock glanced at the dirty window, where rain was starting to trickle down. “O-ok.”
The creature frowned at him, which was a sight indeed. It could hear him, even if it couldn’t understand him.
“Hello?” John gagged on the cold tea he’d swigged back in a panic. “Hello, Sherlock?”
, he thought to himself. He turned over for the hundredth time that night, and wondered if his parents had put his presents under the tree. It didn’t matter. The thought of Christmas made him feel sick.
He reached the ground floor and sat on the bottom step, opening his bag to find the lunch his mother had packed for him. He’d put it in the bin as soon as he could. He was just fishing out the plastic tub of sandwiches, when he heard a shout.
Except then John is sobbing, hot fat tears of shame rolling down his face even as he tries to stem the flow with his hand.
“Of course I trust you,” John said. He pushed his toast plate away. “We’re getting there, aren’t we?”
So John flattens his hands from their balled-up fists, and presses them against Sherlock’s shirt, smoothing out the cotton as he tries think of something to say.
“Hello,” he said gently. “Remember me?”
‘I can’t just have it without a mate, Mycroft,’ Sherlock said. ‘They’d take it away. You know they would.’
Mycroft rubbed his chin. “John, if you’re doing this to prove something –”
“I’m so sorry,” John said in a rush. “I… should’ve just walked away, or…”
Joseph looked at him. ‘I thought you were meant to be smart? There’s only one alpha in the school, isn’t there?’
“Yes.” Sherlock sat up. “One of the nurses did it. I don’t know which one.”
“No, never,” Sherry shrugged. “And intentionally so. We only mate during my heats, and that’s it.”
He touched John’s wrist, currently resting on his bare thigh, and took hold of his hand.
“You have returned your new contract, correct?”
It was awkward, and faintly gross again, but the baby was passed through John’s legs and up to his front. John took her, and planted her on his naked chest. She was still squawking, and Sherlock quickly draped one of the softer towels over her, John arranging it so his hands were on the top, keeping her warm.
“And betas are treated like second-class citizens anyway,” a beta boy added. “Things are shit all over.”
“Sherlock holding Lucy,” John said, instantly. “The day after I first did.”
Sherlock let go of the door in shock. “I…”
“No!”
“Not at all…” Sherlock took his opposite chair, and there was a moment of quiet as they tried to sip too-hot drinks.
“Man,” Sherlock said. “I don’t… girls…”
Sherlock and John packed a case between them, and got in a cab.
“Sherlock…” John sat up, stroking Sherlock’s hair, his dark blue eyes shining. “You really mean it? You’re not just… high on sex?”
It had been a funny sort of week.
John looked, just as Sherlock lit the final candle on the cake he was holding. “Oh…”
“Er, yeah, can I speak to the pharmacist, please?” John said, grateful for his scarf.
John looked up from unwrapping his egg. “I… like you treating me,” he admitted, blushing.
Sherlock nodded, hugging his legs. “It hurts, though.”
“John Watson,” John shook the hand. “Are you… part of the talk?”
“Then… let’s not worry?” John took Sherlock’s hand. “The clock is against us. And even with the risk, how could you expect me to just carry on, now? I thought I might have lost you. I know I’ll never forget you. How could I ever just keep on living and forget you existed? You’re the best thing that’s ever happened to me. And…” John swallowed hard, “and I can’t believe it’s going to be over. If I could keep you here, with me, for longer –”
The school was small and private, set in small grounds within the city centre. It was walkable to and from the flat, and John liked it immediately with its leafy grounds and red ivy climbing up the old brick.
“Good.” Sherlock disappeared up the stairs, and Judith went back out to the line to wait with Sally. It was quiet outside for a while until Sherlock came tearing out of the house in a rush to get somewhere.
“Ah, but it didn’t quite kill the mood, yeah?” Greg just smiled at her, picking up where they’d left off when Sherlock had decided to very inconveniently call them. Judith tugged on the elastic of his waistband, eager to make the most of this vacation. Back home in London, there was always a danger of being interrupted by either work or their consultant duo, but that wasn’t so much of a problem on Virgin Gorda. Two weeks away from the bustle and chaos of London would be splendid.
John and Greg only waited a short while to get a table and John ordered the first round as promised. Once the drinks came, they sat and drank in companionable quiet.
“So he knows where you are?”
“Try not to.” John smiled innocently. “I’ll see you around, then?”
“What makes you think Sherlock’s going to show up here?” John asked as they caught up with one of the Specialists, he reminded John a bit of a ferret.
“No, Sherlock. Listen to me, John is not there, you won’t find him at Baker Street!” I don’t know where he is now. He thought dismally. “He’s…moved on.”
“You’ll be in good hands. This isn’t real, Seb’s got his orders, and if anyone else tries funny business, it won’t last long. Get that pen-drive.”
“No, not at all.” Judith smiled and finally got the contact she’d been wanting since she’d followed him home to New York from Mount Everest. “Christ you’re good at that!” She murmured as they broke apart to catch their breath. He chuckled and played with the collar of her smock.
“Which means the use of the Cessna, and either a helicopter or a private boat. Excellent.” She chuckled, “Nice having friends like Mycroft Holmes, yeah?”
“Oh, let me guess: I get killed.” At this rate, he wouldn't put it past someone with Jim Moriarty’s skills and resources.
“I always drive. Is that a problem, Mr Holmes?”
“It’s okay.” He smiled, “Just wondering where you went off to in that mad head of yours.”
“Why?”
“Good luck, and be in touch.” The handsome young man he had taken rooms with just smiled a bit shyly and watched John disappear around the corner as he went out and down the stairs. He called out to Mrs Hudson at the bottom of the stairs.
“Sure I did! Didn’t take long to figure out what the real trick was. She lied to me, and lied to Joseph, too. I just didn’t say anything because I didn’t want her to hurt the kids.” Richard looked at the children, at Judith and John. They stood apart from the sisters and their families, heads together as they talked. It was clear in his posture that John Hughes recognized his sister’s senior rank and respected it, and watching the two together was a bit eerie.
“Both eyes open, Greg, both eyes open.” She murmured. Suddenly, she felt him turn and heard a gasp.
“Hmm, I do not think that’s true, you know him from before.” Riyah teased her hair into a wavy half-up-do braid, “From the Army?”
“Of course we do!” Mr Radcliffe looked tired and annoyed. Suddenly, his wife went stiff and her eyes widened.
“That’ll keep you busy for a bit. See you tonight, Sally!”
“We will stop you.” Sherlock said softly, “And if you’ve hurt Judith Watson, we will
intelligent than most people. High praise from the genius Sherlock Holmes.
“What on earth would you
“If she won’t, I will!” Sally took a deep sip of coffee, “Happy to! She basically sold out for spite’s sake because Sherlock told her where to shove it!” Sherlock made a dismissive gesture.
“You know something, Mycroft. You know something important. You haven’t told anyone. I don’t care why, but I do care that you seem to think I’m just that stupid.”
“Mmhm. I want to take one of the boats out to Eustacia Island and get some manoeuvring practice in after the test.”
“Why is she like that?” He said quietly, “She wasn’t supposed to be like that.”
“Of course. Thank you, Mr. Holmes, that will do.” Sally somehow managed to sound formal despite the look on her face, which was really something. When she turned to Anderson, she was all business, “Anderson.” With a brisk nod, she turned and headed back to the line while John and Sherlock passed by a flustered Anderson to enter the house. Judith shrugged and went inside. The boys stopped at the bottom of the stairs long enough to change into PPE gear, chatting with Greg, who listened to the retelling of their encounter outside with a smug glee.
“Would you like me to bring more water, Mr Moriarty?” John held his tray under one arm, tucked against his body as he surveyed the situation.
“I thought you didn’t live there anymore, John.” He whispered once they were underway.
Part 2 of 2. Angst ahoy! Sherlock meets a most remarkable woman when John's estranged mother comes calling on Baker Street after the case, and John shows his true colors when Moriarty storms Baker Street on the pretense of protecting Sherlock from arrest. It gets violent very quickly.
“Oh. Okay.” Sherlock looked kind of confused, adorably so. “How long will you be gone?”
to Baker Street. He couldn't hold his gaze for long, however, and he looked away again after a while.
aware that he was too weak to fend the man off. Just then the land-line phone began to ring. The cabbie didn’t seem to notice as he looked at Sherlock.
John had gone to the funeral, like he had the first time, and visited the cemetery every month just as he had for two years. The difference now was that he took Rosie with him instead of going by himself. She would leave little crayon-scribble drawings by the black headstone engraved with the name, dates, and epitaph of one of the kindest, smartest people John had ever known. And she would talk to Sherlock like he was actually there with them, like he was alive. She would tell him about whatever was going through her mind, what she was learning at school and such. It always made John smile just a little bit, in spite of the staggering grief that made his chest hurt.
She checked her watch and headed for the Swearing Room so she wouldn't be late. Not that being
“Mm. Why don’t we come to you at Scotland Yard instead? I’ll make sure Holmes behaves himself.” She rubbed her hands together, “I’m not certain of his living-arrangements and I don’t have any of my own at the moment.”
“Too good for the messed-up Watsons, but thank God he decided to stay.” She looked over her shoulder, “On his right are my step-sisters Adrianne and Melissa, with their families. Mel’s a single mother, we never cared to find out what happened to the father after it got around that he had a drug-problem, but she’s one of the best mothers I know to the twins. Adrianne’s married to a well-off politican, probably knows Mycroft Holmes better than
He heard Valerie’s smile,
“Not again.” Greg ran one hand through his hair in a gesture of clear frustration.
“What did she do?”
“Don’t do that, John. Please don’t.”
“Here, let’s get you dressed properly and you can put it on.”
“Dizzy.” She groaned, holding her head in both hands, “It that normal?”
doing here?!”
“It depends on the player, I don’t mind the violin played well,” John answered. “Early-morning see-saw sessions, on the other hand, are a different matter. Pull that trick and I’ll drug your coffee.”
“Well, I was … I mean, I was hoping you might … ” Sherlock looked almost ashamed of what he’d done, what he was asking for.
She knew it was very likely the boys were asleep right now, but she was still concerned. When it had been nearly ten minutes since her text and there had been no response, she was about to call for a house-check on the boys when her phone beeped. At the same time, footage streamed showing the boys debarking safely from the cab, unharmed and unaccompanied.
to sleep, Greg. We both need to sleep.”
“Ah.” Judith smiled, a bit disappointed by that revelation. Some bit of her had hoped he was unattached. She had Greg, of course, but there was a roguish charm to Strange that she found
“Oh, you silly idiot! You bloody selfish thing!” She put her hands on her hips and gave him a familiar, mildly disgusted look, “You gave us a lot more trouble than you are worth, young man, I hope you have a good explanation for it all!”
“Sure I did!”
“Ten very
“You didn’t just kill five people because you’re bitter. Bitterness is a paralytic. Love is a much more vicious motivator. Somehow this is about your family.” Sherlock held the pill to the light, squinting, “But
“Evening, Constable.”
“Now what are you doing?”
“So am I.” He shrugged and looked up as he caught sight of their server coming back with their starters. Once he was gone again, John looked across at Mycroft.
“Of course I won’t.”
