“Oh,” Castiel says, blinking like his nudity is not a thing of concern to him. “Yes, alright. Thank you. I've said that so often today it feels like perhaps the words will shortly lose all meaning.”
"oh, well it's nice to know he can be relied on to stop cas goin' on some crazy powertrip but not the fucking
"Roll over on your stomach," Dean orders, standing back up and stripping his outer shirt off as he toes off his boots, and Cas gives him a
"am i not god?" he waves at the big silver bowl nearby and maybe does things with herbs, then slices open his arm and lets the blood flow in (it still needs to be jimmy's bloodline as the vessel). then he turns to dean and starts quoting genesis (or just explains he needs a rib, it's
"Turns out maybe none of us knew him really," he tells Ellen later, staring at the wood of the bar. "Broke the boy's hearts, especially Dean's. Boy thought he'd finally found someone to lean on, and then Cas goes nuclear on him, scrambles Sam's brains, goes on a killin' spree and walks himself into a lake. And now on top of that there's me, and honest-to-god Ellen, you should probably make up the guest beds cause I'm pretty sure they can't take much more of this." "I don't think anyone could," Ellen says softly, eyes bright, and slides him another scotch.
cas rescues dean (from a storm? a car crash?) but all dean remembers is dark hair and wings, a voice saying "you're safe now, dean" and a hand pressing to his shoulder. he goes to zachariah, who takes his grace [and his voice, b/c blah blah with his grace goes his true voice?] and sets him down on earth. misadventures ensue, esp as cas's friends anna, gabriel and balthazar are offering helpful suggestions via angel radio for making dean fall in love with him. then dean finds michael on the beach, dark haired and smiling at him and the grace round his neck makes the handprint come up white on his shoulder. sam is unconvinced, seeing how cas reacts when he finds out, but dean is so bobby starts organising the official betrothal announcement or w/e. michael finds a way to like, lock cas in his rooms or something, and without wings he can't fly out and the other three can't help cause they're unvesseled, but somehow he gets out anyway and crashes the not!wedding and rips the grace away from michael's neck and dean realises it was him that saved him...then zachariah pops up all "castiel, don't interfere in things that don't concern you," and blah blah blah battle where dean uses cas's angel sword to kill zachariah. and then they get married and live happily ever after.
And sure, he’d like to help other hunters, like Bobby used to, but he’d also kind of like to never hear from or see one ever again, or any civilian either, cause then maybe they can avoid being dragged into something that’ll literally or figuratively tear them apart.
Cas doesn't hug him back, holds himself stiff like he's suspicious or unsure of what to do, but the bird-daemon presses back against Tsalia's cheek, crooning, and Dean pulls away to take Cas in, somewhat bedraggled but clear-eyed and whole.
so why shouldn’t it freak out? Feels like it might be more, though, I haven’t cramped like this since I was fifteen. Feels like my fuckin’ spine’s turning inside out. And, oh yeah, it’s fucking six weeks early.”
“I wouldn’t want you to think I was tacky,” Cas agrees, still amused, and she narrows her eyes at him, then drops her hand from his shoulder and squeezes him where he’s half-hard, making him hitch a breath and twitch up into her touch.
the next morning Sam would have gone out to the car and found a piece of paper with Bobby's loopy scrawl on it that Dean missed in all his excitement about having his baby back. it reminds them that, after the thing where his house burned down and the leviathans really seem to have it in for him, the Winchesters are the sole beneficiaries of his estate. with the insurance money from the fire - which Jody helps them get by fudging the suspicious details, cause of
“And this here, round the bend, is your firs’ sight o’ Hogwarts.” If it were possible to flourish with just words, that’s what he did, the pride in his voice humming like a harmony, but then the path opened up ahead of Dean, spreading suddenly into a wide vista and revealing the castle, and he understood.
," Dean hisses the moment the door closes behind them. "How're we gonna get to talk to her now? Ugh, that dickwad Balthazar needs his fucking wings plucked, selling shit like that to kids."
But he doesn’t answer. And he won’t, Sam admits reluctantly, the knowledge creeping cold through his limbs as he struggles to breathe, because those aren’t meteors at all, they’re-
[and maybe something about Dean, who is obviously repressing his Cas feelings like hell, and how he got started on that particular emotional coping mechanism]
“I really don’t have time for this,” Cas tells him shortly, hand sliding down to catch on Dean’s collar and haul him up off the bed so he can scrutinise him.
It’s a bit of a free-for-all then, as people come spilling out of the Roadhouse doors and daemons throw themselves gleefully into the melee; Jo’s collie and Kevin’s otter and the hairy bulk of his father’s wolfhound Tristram. Charlie’s magpie and Pamela’s much tinier owl are fluttering around, alighting whenever they can, and Tsalia is sitting blissfully with her eyes half-closed while Mary’s bobcat-daemon hooks a paw over her shoulders and licks every inch of her face.
. Its eyes are black like a demon's and its face is all wrinkly and squashed, and it's basically just a pocket-sized version of the beasts that chewed on Dean's liver and now that he can see it, he'd love nothing better than to take it out back and shoot it, or maybe just stomp on it like a particularly ugly cockroach.
“So you lied,” the bird-daemon says reprovingly, hopping up onto Cas’s shoulder, and Cas is smiling, reaching up to tap him on the beak and hush him.
“Yes,” Cas agrees, one hand still smoothing over Fergal’s ears. “Amelia is a vet, so she has a clinic here, and Dean fixes cars and other mechanical problems. As I said, it’s fortunate you found us; As you may have inferred, we're in the business of helping those who need it. I doubt the problem is too severe, and Dean's a good mechanic; you'll most likely be able to continue on your way by tomorrow evening. I hope there’s nowhere important you need to be?"
“Bethany,” he says brightly, “we’ve been hearing about you for forever, it’s about damn time Sam brought you round.”
Cas pulls out and Dean hates everything in the world and shuts off the water (which does feel distinctly cool, fuck). He grabs his towel and turns to Cas, mouthing rather than talking because Sam will hear and then they’ll really be screwed.
“Thanks, Zeke,” he says rustily, clambering back onto his feet, but Sam’s body’s gone limp again, Ezekiel obviously overtaxed and done for the day.
Once Imp's facing the right way again he twists in the saddle just in time to see Cas stripping off his heavy riding jacket as he comes up to greet Sam.
"What?" Bobby demands once, and Dean makes strangled noises and waves frantic, backpeddling hands. "Foxholes, you know how it goes."
Hogsmeade station was lit bright and welcoming when they pulled in, and as they got off onto the platform, Dean glad they didn’t have to haul their trunks off again with them this time, a voice rang out. “Firs’ years, come this way! Over here please, firs’ years!”
Dean makes a heroic effort at swallowing. "Cas? He isn't gonna get punished for, for trespassing or something is he?"
St Claire’s mouth quirks. “Are you suggesting she is somehow inferior to them? No, it’s fine,” he adds, over Dean’s protests, “you’re not the first to have said it. Though in my opinion she is, of course, quite the finest creature anyone could possibly wish for. And we are every bit as useful as the larger beasts, in our own way.”
She feels him start, head jerking back against the headrest, nails scratching against the seat as he clenches his fists, so she pulls away. Ball’s in his court now anyway.
“YOU WATCH YOUR LANGUAGE, BOY,” the mistletoe says severely, clearly enjoying itself immensely. “MORE KISSING, LESS SWEARING.”
Joshua glances down at the fire that now crackles a foot or so away from him on all sides. “I cannot say this is making me particularly inclined towards helping you.”
Cas's wings are warm, and Dean rubs his fingertips in small circles as he burrows them down deep, feathers brushing silkily against his knuckles; Cas makes another one of those pleased, encouraging noises and drops one shoulder so his wing droops lower, giving Dean more access. He works his way along and down, paying special attention to the join of wing and body and getting breathless little groans in reward as he kneads light fingers over where feathers become skin. The same goes for the other wing, though this time he starts from Cas's back and works outwards, following the line of it where it curves upwards towards Cas's head and then sweeps back down and round to below his hips.
“Only if he’s badly trained. They’re supposed to go for maiming, not killing. At least, not straight away.”
Bathrooms always amplify sound, so even with the water pounding down past his ears Dean still hears that rustle of wings.
imagines this could end, and when he stops sucking on Dean’s lower lip and breaks the kiss Dean maybe makes a needy little noise he will deny forever. The mistletoe, apparently satisfied, is gone.
He skirts carefully around it and can’t hold in his gasp. It is indeed hurt - great clawed slashes across it’s flanks and belly, one wing hanging in ribbons so there's no wonder it was unable to control its descent. Its hide is pale grey, though whether that's natural or from shock Dean doesn’t know, and the colour only shows up the blood more clearly. Its chest is heaving from exertion, but though Dean listens he can’t hear any blood bubbling into its lungs, so that at least is some small relief.
“It’s all kind of sudden, can you hurry?” he adds, and the connection fizzes and crackles back at him. Another angel plunges by overhead, and the phone hisses so loud Sam drops it. It bounces off the concrete and the screen flashes and goes dark. Fuck, did he even get through? And if he did how long will it take them to get here when they’ll have to come across angels on the road, probably injured or dying? What if Sam has to-?
His eyelashes tickle and his stubble is rougher, but he lets one hand slip free so his mouth can close over one nipple, and then that hand slides up over her shoulder and down over the scar on her arm and all she can do is gasp, everything amplified and suddenly so amazing that she’s pretty sure she’s gonna come from just this.
"There are horse blankets," Dean insists. "That's why I- you need something to cover you, in this weather. There's probably enough we can even make Conesta a...couch," (he almost said "nest") "to lie on. That's gotta be better than the ground."
They say their goodbyes to Mrs Greenburg, then head three doors down to the Larson's, where Mr Larson's silver Ford is languishing in the driveway. The woman who answers their knock does indeed have a yellowed bruise on her cheekbone, and eyes them warily from behind a door still mostly shut. "Can I help you, officers?"
She waves an impatient hand. “It’s not like the actual story’s any less crazy than whatever bullshit I’ll come up with, is it? And when things get that surreal, why not tweak it a bit?”
“Well I still think it’s a shitty plan,” Sam says mulishly, folding his arms. “He’s done a lot for us Dean, you said it yourself.”
“Hey munchkin!” Sam says, sweeping her up so she can get her arms round his neck and kiss him on the cheek. “Emmy, this is Bethany.”
Cas comes with a stuttered breath, like it’s been punched out of him, and Dean can feel it, a sudden rush of heat. Cas pins him in place like it’s nothing as he rides out the aftershocks, then pulls out, sets Dean back on his feet and folds down to his knees in pretty much one smooth movement. Dean slams his eyes shut, prays that the rushing he can hear is the shower and not just his own frantic heartbeat, and feels his whole body shudder as Cas sucks at the head of his dick and shoves three fingers back up between his legs.
"Glad we sorted that out, then. Honestly Cas, if I hadn't 've asked, would you've just kept calling the poor guy Gar?"
“Dean? Did you find-?” he hears Hayley call after him as he hurtles out the doors, and he yells a thank you over his shoulder because yeah, yeah he did.
“C’mon buddy, we’re almost there,” he said softly, and Cas mumbled something but slowly straightened up again. His face was flushed, hair now sticking to his skin and lips cracked and dry. Dean almost went down there to help him, let him lean on him, but he was pretty sure that either 1) he’d burn up, literally, 2) he’d catch the same thing, or 3) Cas would tackle him to the floor and fuck him right there, if the gigantic boner Dean’d been trying to ignore was anything to go by. He’d like to think that at least some of the red in Cas’s cheeks was embarrassment, but he was pretty sure Cas was too far gone for that.
“How many times has he turned up?” Sam asks, now looking concerned, and Dean waves his toast hand at him, mouth full.
Dean just chuckles and cups both hands at the back of Cas’s head, pulling him in for a kiss. Cas leans into it with a huff, hands curling up over Dean’s thighs to his hips, and Dean closes his legs around him, dragging both hands up through Cas hair to make him hum appreciatively and push into it, spine arching like a cat. Dean lets one hand slip down and slides it flat over Cas’s shoulderblade, and Cas makes a stifled little noise and sucks at his tongue.
"Even when they're hurt?" Dean asks, shocked, and Castiel's good shoulder shifts, indicating the dismissive attitude of those in charge. "That's- I can probably put the horses out for the night, it's not that cold-"
When she stops his eyes go from lazily half-shut to fully open and confused. “You know what this is?” she asks, waving the condom packet at him, and he blinks up at it and shakes his head. “Wow, they really skip on the sex ed up there, huh? It
It was all delicious; he couldn’t remember the last time he’d eaten something this good. His dad was a perfectly capable cook, but he never bothered to go all-out like this. Dean helped himself to seconds and listened to the babble of chatter all around him.
“What, like a dove up your sleeve and all that crap?” Ash asked, intrigued, and the conversation moved into safer waters, Isaac eventually demonstrating a bunch of Muggle card tricks with Ash’s exploding snap deck, which culminated in the whole thing going off at once with a bang loud enough to rattle the window and get people yelling faintly from the other dorms.
(I also suspect I named Garth's boyfriend Eddie after the possum twins in Ice Age, which he reminds me of /o\)
sam is a lawyer and on track to become a partner when one of the current ones retires in a few years; he's married to jess and they have a little girl, annie (annabel) and are planning on more. michael is some kind of corporate something, possibly banking, dean's never really cared enough to find out, and is apparently married to his work, which gabe likes to tell him is unhealthy. nick's a lawyer, one of the nasty ones, who takes a lot of interest in sam; balthazar likes to refer to him and his long-term girlfriend as "lucifer and lilith" and dean has to remind himself that's not their actual names. gabe works in a bakery/confectionary (he makes their wedding cake) and always seems to smell like sugar. he and balthazar flirt outrageously and have done for years, sometimes despite girl- or boyfriends, but haven't yet, to anyone's knowledge, got it on. bathazar works in wine-tasting or something; mostly he seems to bum around europe and acquire money by magic. anna does a lot of charity work and seems to be deeply content with it; she especially loves working with kids in care.
“Yeah,” Dean says, shifting closer, “because mistletoe is also traditional. See uh, whenever two people are under it, they have to kiss.”
“Bethany,” the girl repeats, turning in his arms and smiling at her. “Hi Bethany.” She’s got bright blue eyes and a button nose scattered with freckles, and what looks like Sam’s hair but much longer, falling in gentle waves just past her shoulders. Her smile is exactly like her father’s.
“Like I said, someone’s gotta. And with three of us it won’t be so time-consuming, we can actually have a life too, maybe even get back into it after a while, local stuff, like Bobby used to. I mean, Frank taught you some computer stuff, right?”
"so you're saying she, what, took over this baby's body like angels take over their hosts?" dean demands, glancing down at her, and joshua shakes his head.
Mrs Larson sees them looking and gathers her daughter into her lap. "I've told you everything I know, officers, and I'm sure you're very busy with the missing boys." Her voice has gone clipped and flat. "I'm sure you can show yourselves out."
"Not for much longer, if I have any say in the matter. So, there you have it: help me find Purgatory, and I'll help your precious little Sammy forget the Cage. Deal?"
Dean knows that slurring of his name, knows that tone and the way Cas is shaking, just a little, and redoubles his efforts. One moment Cas is arching up into it and Dean’s fingers are digging into his hips, and the next second Cas has broken his hold and is all twisting skin under his palms, then there’s a hand hauling him up the bed by the t-shirt, which he just has the presence of mind to eel most of the way out of before he’s thrown down onto the mattress, though he still hears the fabric rip (he’s bought more new t-shirts in the last two years than in probably the rest of his life, and he really needs to see whether Cas can mojo them back together like he can his own clothes, or maybe start billing him for them).
“Do you want me to call Bobby?” she says patiently, and Dean nods jerkily, then takes a second to think and shakes his head.
the panic room becomes the nursery, though they can't angel ward it cause she freaks out, so they find a way to seperate the crib/her from the rest of the room for warding purposes [necklace?], and dean apologises to bobby for kind of moving in and bobby tells him to shut up, it's always been his house too. they start seeing random flashes of light and crashes of thunder for no reason, flickers of fire outside that are just patches of scorched earth when they get there, and then one night there's a thud on the roof and when they go up there's a dead angel up there, wings burned onto the tiles. that happens another few times, out in the junkyard or on the porch and, once, one turns up on the hallway floor, far too close to the stairs for comfort. they go over every inch of the house with the books, trying to see which sigil is wrong, and sam joins dean in the panic room, bobby taking up residence in the hall outside and angel-banishing sigils on every wall in the house.
“Thank you Hagrid. Follow me, please.” His voice was high and kind of squeaked, and okay, it kind of sounded like those old Mickey Mouse cartoons, but Dean managed not to laugh and they all trooped after him into the Entrance Hall, which was lit old-style by flaming torches on the walls that reflected faintly back in the polished marble of the epic staircase that swept up and away in front of them. Hagrid followed them in and slipped in through the door on their right, momentarily releasing the chatter and babble of hundreds of older students in the Great Hall. Professor Flitwick led them the opposite way though, into a small chamber where they all had to cluster together to fit, and cleared his throat.
"Be too busy chowing down on that to bother us," Dean insists, because dammit he's comfortable here.
Dean sucks in a breath and narrows his eyes. It’s been a while since Cas last got pissed at him. “Oh, I think I understand just fine.”
(misha walking her fingers up jen's wrist during some deep conversation, smirking cause it's not her coverage)
." It's rich and thick and sweet without being sickening, and it coats her tongue and warms her throat as it flows down to her stomach.
“...Yeah, I can hear that,” Dean manages finally, and fuck, he’s teared up so much he can’t even see. Even so, he hopes there are puppies and rainbows and fireworks everywhere. “You- are you still at the airport?”
asexual!Cas! ("sex? but that seems messy and unnecessary" and dean blows out this huge relieved breath and is like "WELL THEN okay let's do this thing" and then they're ridic and schmoopy and cuddly and sometimes dean has sex with teh ladiez because they're willing and a dude has needs but cas is his forever home)
Adelaide shrugs. “Nah, just college. Classes don’t start ‘til Monday though.” She takes a sip of the hot chocolate. "Oh my
[Garth phones for Reasons and ends up crying about his ex to Bobby, who can't quite bring himself to just hang up until Rufus intervenes]
it, and if he thinks about it too hard it'll be weird so he doesn't, but it doesn't feel screamingly wrong anymore. He wriggles against Cas's touch.
dean holds emmy closer, and she curls her hand in his shirt like she knows what they're talking about. hell, it wouldn't surprise him if she did. damn freaky angels. yeah, sure, cas has done some crazy and fucked-up things, he said so himself, back when he was fighting raphael for control of heaven and stopping apocalypse II: electric bogaloo, and never mind the last 18 months, but dean's pretty sure god didn't want heaven run by a douche like raphael and he seemed to like cas, what with the always bringing him back from the dead and all. and what, it was all so cas could go a little nuts juiced up on souls and god could sweep back into heaven and sort shit out and look like he's some kind of saviour?
clumsy, to always have so many bruises." Her eyes go to the window again, like she thinks the Larsons will be lurking outside listening to her gossip about them. When she looks back, her eyes are wide, almost pleading; she can't bring herself to say it aloud but she knows, and she wants them to make it stop.
about popping the buttons off Cas’s shirt), but it’s good to know Dean’s can take the same treatment. Dean wrangles the t-shirt over his head and gets up, retrieving the tie from the door and coming back to loop it over Cas’s head as Cas rolls his shoulders to settle his suit jacket. He manages to shrug back into the trenchcoat too while Dean’s fussing with the tie, pulling it tight again and making sure it’s hanging straight, and then they’re just standing there, Dean’s hands flat on Cas’s chest, feeling the heat of his skin through the fabric of his shirt.
he and emmy get closer after that; she starts calling him "cas" (which dean mostly blames on himself but really, what else is she supposed to call him? no sam, shut the fuck up.) and he starts teaching her what sounds like enochian as she learns english. she's a fast learner, probably because the angel in her already knows it or something. as a consequence cas gets closer to sam, bobby and dean again too, and they fall back into the old pattern with remarkable ease - by the time emmy's second christmas comes round they're pretty much back to what used to pass for normal. they don't talk about cas's brief stint as god or the preceding year, and they all pretend they never will. cas, unwilling to read bobby's extensive library of supernatural books both because he dislikes being reminded of his old life/the monster souls and because he doubts he will find anything of value, finds karen's old cookbooks and starts cooking. it's...an adventure, but he follows the instructions to the letter and it's not really
"she...she was cut off? like castiel was?" sam asks, and joshua nods. "so what, was she fallen? then how'd she just blast all those demons?"
“Oh god, fucking shut up!” Dean hisses, shifting away from Cas so Cas can get to his wand too. “Jesus motherfucking-”
Sam's got freaky giant hands, so there's just its head and front legs sticking out from the top of his fist, but that doesn't really make it much better. It's black, and kind of slimy, but it's definitely got teeth and claws, which almost look stupid in such a tiny thing until you remember what it
“It does indeed sully us to be even in the presence of such an abhorrence,” the third angel says softly, “but its disposal will ease the whole Host of Heaven, and the last remnant of the Blasphemer’s dominion will be gone as if it had never been.”
cas never does more than stare at emmy after that, and his health and mood improve. dean stops bringing the sword. one day, he finds emmy sitting by the door, chattering away to cas and waving her favourite stuffed unicorn, and cas turned towards her and listening gravely. he flicks his eyes up to dean and manages a tiny smile. dean finds himself genuinely wanting to answer it with one of his own, but instead he shoos emmy away.
“You’re damn right I would,” Cas says, hands smoothing absently down over Dean’s hipbones before he grabs the bottom of the undershirt and tugs. The bed shifts and rustles as Poll gets bored and jumps up too, sprawling out along the foot and watching them with his head on his paws. Dean listens to the soft flump as his shirt hits the floor and realises  that at some point he closed his eyes again. The fact that Cas is throwing everything on the floor instead of putting it in a neat little pile near the bathroom door says a lot about how he’s feeling right now.
(he comes back cause he forgot a thing and gets half a yelled sentence from dee, muffled through the door, before cas says "we should continue this when sam isn't outside" and flaps away and sam barrels in all "no dee god i'm sorry i wasn't like evesdropping or anything it's just you were shouting so i-"and dee's like "god sam i don't even care i don't think you'd do that just get your stuff and go" and sam goes to the bathroom for...reasons and finds a pregnancy test in the trash. so he's obviously like "dee what-? is this-? you were the one that gave ME the safe sex talk what the fuck" and dee is like "shut the fuck up we ARE safe but condoms weren't made to deal with ANGEL SPUNK" and sam's like "...wait, CAS?". and then cas pops up all "oh shit i forgot to add that to my recap huh" and sam's like "YEAH i thought it was just an end-of-the-world thing i didn't think you were actually making a go of it omg. so anyway ARE you knocked up?" and dee's like "no thank fuck this DICKWAD just scared me is all" and shoves at cas (who doesn't even wobble) and then sam leaves them to it because he has important research to do)
He backs away, suddenly can’t bear to be touching him, to make it real, but Tsalia stays, straining forward, body one long, still, desperate line as she waits for a miracle. Sam pushes himself to his feet behind them and Dean turns to him, away from that slumped body. “Sam, he’s gone.”
“Even as a cat, you’ve still got a stick up your ass,” Dean tells him a little while later, and Cas swivels his head slowly round to look at him, eyes narrowing in what’s either irritation or puzzlement. Probably both. Dean nudges a careful foot into his chest. “
Cas stares at him for a moment, then shrugs. “All the other angels went running back home and barred the door, and all my ‘mojo’ just...drained away. I woke up one morning with her nose in my face. Apparently she’s an African wild dog.”
Dean gets a sudden mental image of Cas, disheveled and panting, with white feathers in his hair. Yeah okay, he’d have liked to see that. “This was really all you, Cas?”
[It’s a grey and rainy day. The camera pans around the trailers and finds Misha, all bundled up in a raincoat with the hood up and clutching a coffee. She offers a grin.]
“It’s a ‘67 Chevy Impala,” Dean said, felling the familiar bubble of pride in his chest. “She’s been in the family since before my parents were even married.”
Most kids have happy memories of their childhoods, chasing younger siblings or daemons around the house or garden or park and shrieking with laughter, throwing themselves into the grass or the couch cushions and play-fighting wildly with a little brother who giggled when you tickled him in the ribs or a daemon who delighted in seeing how fast she could change shape or how many different things she could become when she did, and then wandering back home to a warm house and a kitchen full of delicious smells and a mother who laughed and ruffled your hair.
, but now she's stuck in the fucking sticks at like one in the morning on the day after Thanksgiving.
"Well thank you Mrs Dalloway, you've been very helpful," he says, standing, and Sam follows his lead.
joshua fixes him with one of those angelic glares. "as you say, their fates have already come to pass. castiel declared himself a false god, and presumed to create the host anew. such violations cannot be tolerated."
He leaves the box of phones on the bed, and doesn’t notice until he’s several thousand miles down the road.
“Yeah, they’ll talk about how you’re a giant drama queen,” Dean returned, hardly his finest comeback but fuck it, and Balthazar tutted in disappointment and headed back to the Slytherin table.
It’s Dean that snaps, in the end; in one sudden movement he’s got Cas by the throat and and is shoving him backwards until they both hit the wall, Cas’s head tilted up and back by the hand curled around his neck. It’s not a gentle impact, Cas’s whole body slamming into the wall with Dean’s weight behind it, and under the table Tsalia lunges for Vim and locks her jaws around her throat, one heavy paw on her chest, eyes on the humans. Cas doesn’t seem to be affected at all, still smiling mockingly, goading Dean into
“Da!” The warmth of her little body seems to spread all through him, and the next second the searing pain in his leg and the stabbing pains in his arm are gone. Dean would love nothing more than to wrap his arms around her and hold her forever, but they have bigger things to worry about.
Dean is on his way back to the house when he hears it; a clap and flutter like some large bolt of cloth catching the wind, and the ear-aching, heart-twisting keen of an animal in pain, growing louder as he listens. He turns to try and locate the source of the noise, and even as he watches a dragon comes plunging out of the sky, limbs clawing frantically at the air, and crashes into the high field.
He means Lilith but Ruby lurks in the gaps between the words. He's making the effort to get the conversation back onto less fraught topics though, so Sam allows it. "Key word being 'try'," he says dryly, and Dean shoots him a sideways glance of apology.
"Alright then," Dean says, breathless, and grabs him by the scruff of the neck, pulling him in for a kiss. "Now stop with that Song of Solomon shit and prove it."
, the almighty," he intones, and dean struggles to push himself up a little further upright, because holy shit. joshua looks kind of sad, shaking his head. "oh castiel, what have you done?" he looks up at dean, and crouches down to his level. "dean winchester, you understand that now the rebellious of heaven and all the legions of hell will want this child for themselves, either to destroy what they will see as a sacrilege, a profanity, a perversion of our father's creation-"
She shrugs out of her shirt soon after that, then attacks the trenchcoat, and Cas helps her but seems kind of bemused about it. She sits back and looks down at him, both coat and jacket stuck halfway down his arms.
“Dude needs to be sprayed with fertilizer and locked in with the Venomous Tentacular,” Dean agreed, and Cas snorted, the tiniest smile flickering across his mouth. Taking a chance, Dean slid his hand across and curled his fingers around Cas's; Cas sighed, but let him.
He can't help the surprised little noise he makes when the next pass of Cas's fingers dips deliberately against the muscle, a fleeting second of extra pressure before they continue up towards his spine.
Cas is breathing raggedly now, hair curling a little from the sweat, something that’s not quite a moan catching at end of every breath, and Dean takes pity on him and disentangles his right hand, bringing it back round and curling it round Cas’s cock as he sweeps his left up and out as far as he can reach over Cas’s wing. Cas shudders, shoving his whole body forward into Dean’s grip and stuttering his half of the rhythm, and Dean palms roughly over the slick head, gathering enough to make it easier to wrap his hand back round and jack Cas off.
Gabriel turning up in a party hat and throwing a handful of confetti at the boys because he says he's celebrating his little brother's promotion. Dean's all "Someone put Balthazar in charge of stuff?!" and Gabriel snorts and says even Heaven's democracy isn't that stupid, and Sam's all "...Cas?" When Cas shows up they make him show them his new wings, and he gets all bashful.
Dean’s staring at Iope in shock, pale and wide-eyed. it’s not the first time they’ve touched, disregarding the occasional whisper-brush of fur against jeans when they’re crowded into the car or on the couch, but it doesn’t happen often and only ever in pretty dire circumstances.
Tsalia makes that rough purring sound again, and Dean darts his gaze down to her, is grateful when she doesn’t meet his eyes this time. He licks his lips and she echoes it a second later, slow and deliberate, and fuck it, if he’s gonna get the soundtrack he might as well have the visuals to go with it.
"Hey Cas, you still with me?" Dean asks, nudging a knee up into Cas's ribs, and the angel stirs, one eye opening to regard him beatifically. Dean can't help smiling as he shifts his balance, lifting one leg and swinging it over Cas's body, hooking a finger in the nearest beltloop and tugging. "Good, cause now we're gettin' to the good part."
responsible!" Cas returned heatedly, clenching his fists, wings snapping into being with a furious serpentine rustle. "
and Bobby looks awkward and pissed and resigned, clears his throat and resettles his cap, then says "No, it's alright, you can both have your own beds"
He can’t say why he stays, why he feels so responsible, except that this is one life he fucked up that he can at least now take responsibility for, and maybe even help fix.
Either Cas is a fast learner or she’s an excellent teacher; either way, he gets good fast and then she just
“Why’re you askin’?” Bobby says, finally peering over the top of the paper, and Dean shrugs and turns around while he waits for the toast.
"Oh, that's easily sorted," Crowley says cheerfully, and in a blink he's transferred the puppy to one hand and shoved the other into Sam's chest, yanking upwards. Sam jerks, breath leaving him in a startled gasp, and Cas is gone from the couch and has his sword to Crowley's throat.
"Amelia's family recipe," Cas says, and she closes her eyes and savours it, the aftertaste lingering in her mouth.
they kind of have to go after the mother, but the angels are intent on hunting cas down and if he leaves the house they'll find him for sure, and crowley's laying real low. this leaves dean, sam, bobby, rufus and gwen to go after the mother; eventually rufus, bobby and sam go (the news says something about where she is/some hunter friend of rufus's calls/etc), and dean and gwen stay to guard the angels with the swords. she escapes though, and they only have two bullets left (bobby and rufus are canny mofos). gwen remembers something about the journal though, which leads them to dr visyak and her cabin in the woods. [thus, they can open purgatory and shove her back in! (does the good doc go back/sacrifice herself like sam too? with much sadfacing at bobby, natch)
The cold, hard floor under Dean is suddenly soft and plush, and he leans gratefully back into the couch cushions, feeling Emmy slide down a little so she’s curled next to him, head against his chest. “Thanks baby.” She hums acknowledgment and reaches up to lay a gentle hand over Cas’s heart.
Dean nodded shortly but they didn’t talk again. Dessert was, incredibly, even better than the main course had been, mostly due to the huge cherry pie that appeared right in front of him and the blueberry one Ash passed him from further down the table. He managed third helpings of both, even though it felt like his stomach might explode, then leaned back in his chair and listened to the lazy chatter of the other students and the occasional clink of utensils.
Dean huffs where he's plastered against Cas's chest, inhaling the angel's non-scent - Cas doesn't smell like aftershave or showergel, sweat or ozone, salt or incense; if anything, he smells like water tastes, clear and light and blank. "It's okay, dude, I'm fine. Don't treat me like I'm broken."
him. Okay, so the dude’s not an angel any more; that doesn’t mean he has to let Dean do whatever the fuck he wants with him, jesus. The dude is clearly fucked up in this timeline, but this? This is a whole ‘nother level.
Sam can't help his involuntary flinch at the name, and Dean's foot knocks against his under the table. "Yeah," he says, taking over so Sam can take a drink and get his heartrate back down. "There was this whole apocalypse thing a while ago, we got kinda caught up in it." He says it so nonchalantly, Sam has to swallow back a laugh, though it feels like a stone trapped in his throat. "And yeah, demons are real too, but no they don't have devil horns and pitchforks. Mostly they're just sarcastic sone of bitches who talk too much and get themselves ganked." There's a pause, then: "Or try and seduce Sam."
"Yeah?" Dean asks, mostly for something to say, and Cas turns his head to the side so his words aren't lost in the pillow.
He stays on his knees for a moment afterwards, the air still ringing with savage Enochian, drawing his wings in close, and then Crowley rasps, "You almost forgot his fucking
“Sam turned up in my room last night after a bad dream.” Bobby raises his eyebrows. “Oh c’mon Bobby, the kid hasn’t been scared of crap since he was like ten.”
"What are we talking about?" Sam asks, coming round to spawl all his gargantuan limbs over the other couch. The fire makes his hair glint gold.
“Well, he’s on some pretty strong meds, Dean. He broke his foot, that’s really not something you can just pop some aspirin for-”
"I’m good like this," she whispered back, when he asked her under cover of Sam watching cartoons that evening, licking a paw and scrubbing it over her ear. "We’re good, like this. People won’t fuck with us, and we can take care of Sammy. Chicks’ll think you’re all mature and shit cause I settled early, and everyone knows people with cat daemons are all mysterious and seductive." She’d flashed him a grin, all sharp teeth. "Try not to let ‘em down
Dean stares at it for a second, like he’s never seen one before, and then he remembers to hit the button and lifts it to his ear.
“Cas,” comes the cry again, desolate and lost, and from across the hall Dean hears the door creak open, the floorboards groan, the stairs rattle, and then shortly thereafter a second voice, too quiet to make out the words.
“I don’t think canoodling is really on his mind right now, Dean,” Balthazar said reprovingly, tugging himself away from the hand Dean had clamped around his arm, and Dean rolled his eyes.
“I don’t think I can do this any more,” Sam says, sitting down on the edge of the motel bed and rubbing his hands across his face. “I just- I need a break, Dean, and if I do then you sure as hell do too.”
Cas hums, the feel of it making Dean buck again, and that's when one of Cas's fingers slides back underneath him and over his asshole.
Sam stares at the TV without really seeing it, just a blur of movement in front of his eyes as he tries not to think about what might be happening down there, what Dee might be going through. Sure, she’s got Cas, who’s better than a whole team of doctors in the whole not-dying department, but he knows jack-shit about the actual, y’know,
Cas seems to consider this, glancing round like he’s assessing things, uncertain. Dean is too busy marveling at the tiny beat of the pulse in his neck, the visible movement of his chest (
“You they cannot ward against, Dean Winchester.” His hand comes up, and the next second they’re outside some abandoned house, covered in ivy and half falling down. It looks completely ordinary to Dean, who was expecting to see the same glowing blue designs he saw on that house where Alastair was holding the Reapers hostage - and then he remembers he wasn’t exactly in his body at the time.
"Thought she'd be a wolf," Dean responds, smoothing a hand down her flank. "Or a wolfhound, like my dad's."
"Cause it's not as uncommon as you seem to think it is," Rufus continues, still glaring at him. "You boys knew Ellen Harvelle, god rest her - you think she was a nun after her Bill died? And poor Jasper was cut up something terrible after Jo died; he was still going by Yasmin then, and Jo was his rock as he figured it all out. He damn near fell apart without her."
,” Dee mutters next to him, although whether it’s pain or annoyance at him or Cas or herself Sam doesn’t know. However, the way she’s crushing his hand indicates it might be the former.
The thing is, Cas took to sex like a duck to water, and as soon as he understood that it basically just involved creative use of hands and mouth and a lot of naked skin, Dean never stood a chance. At first it was kinda funny cause Cas looked at him like a science investigation, all earnest interest and careful experimentation, but pretty soon after that Cas seemed to somehow figure him out, and ever since then it’s been Dean feeling embarrassingly like a teenager again as Cas hits every single spot and then finds a few he didn’t even know he had.
the one where pagans are treated with respect, my god. As dean says, "so...the witches are the good guys and we have to gank the thing killing them? must be opposite day". it ends up being a local (pastor?) who can't stand the heathens "corrupting the town", aided by an (fallen?) angel (because he prayed for help and humans/the unrighteous need to be wiped out). Featuring a Winchester-disrupted coven meeting wherein Cas grabs dean by the wrist and snaps "don't break the circle" (sam can feel the power, thanks), a drawn-down hecate (and cerunnos?) wondering why she/they should trust them when destruction and death follow in their wake, and the local ecclectic pagan who attends the covens because she likes the sense of community and many of their beliefs overlap but who doesn't actually identify as wiccan - cas resets her crystals when dean fiddles with them, and she'll take none of their shit ("so, this your nimbus 2000? what, you fly to coven meetings on it?" "no, I take the car. it's cold this time of year." "so where's your magic wand?" "*eyebrow* in my bedside drawer.")
“Bobby, you gotta haul ass back here, okay? Everything’s gone to shi- the angels have got Emmy, okay? And Cas, but I don’t- you just gotta get back here, okay?”
His first thought is maybe a sickle or a curved knife, but something nags at him and he thinks of how they're carving through these things that aren't technically even alive, like some kind of fucked up angels of death, and he knows.
“They’re well-protected; they don’t wish to be found, and I cannot do so with any degree of accuracy while you keep me imprisoned here.” He opens his eyes, meeting Dean’s calmly.
“Y’don’t? How about,” and Bobby lowers his voice like Sam might hear, “all the Hell memories he’s assimilating in there? How about everything he remembers about two
Eventually he gently shoves her away and she lets him push her, flopping over sideways and keeping her paw on his arm. Dean scrubs his palms over his face, feeling the stubble rasp and swiping away the wetness on his cheeks. He wipes his hands on the sheet and rolls over to face Tsalia, resting his hand on her chest to feel her heartbeat, and resolutely closes his eyes again.
"Hey Cas?" Dean drawls, pulling his gaze away from the hypnotic flickering dance of the fire to find Cas, sitting in the armchair with yet another book, that familiar little frown line between his eyes. He looks up at his name though, forehead smoothing out.
"Be nice to actaully have something to call him now," Tsalia adds, padding up on silent cat's paws, Iope balanced on her back like a jockey.
Crowley shrugs. "I thought Sam might like a pet." One of his hands is cupped weirdly, and the other is closed into a loose fist just above it, and twitching from side to side, like something invisible is fighting his hold. On closer inspection, the supporting hand is covered in bloody scratches, like whatever it is has been trying to get away. There's really only one thing that violent that Crowley would let hurt him like that.
Jack’s hovering, looking wide-eyed and distraught, and Sam beckons him down to join them, his strong young arms curving around them, trying to keep them together, to keep them from falling apart.
“Please,” the aviator says, sky-blue eyes fixed on him, wide and a little glazed themselves, his voice almost giving out, and Dean can only nod.
“Castiel?” he tries, soft, just in case, and isn’t surprised when he doesn’t get an answer, though he’s not hugely reassured either. It’s still not definitive proof Cas is with Dean, after all; Cas has openly expressed a preference to answer to Dean, even if it was born out of guilt and a desire not to see what he’d brought back from the Cage that wasn’t fully Sam. “Just, if you get this, and you’re with Dean...keep him safe for me, okay? And- and try and find a way back here, man, cause wherever you are, it can’t be worse than Hell, right? And you got us both out of there, so...so anything else should be easy. I don’t care if it takes time, okay, just come back safe. Both of you.” He pauses, then adds, feeling a little stupid, “uh, amen.”
"Oh little angel, your bravery does you great credit. I'm not here to hurt them, merely to warn them that my siblings want a word. You know I gave up my realm long ago."
"Cas, you...okay?" Sam asks, and the cat gives him the best 'what the fuck kind of question is that?' look ever, then opens its mouth and mews, the same kind of rough rasp as Cas's voice. Dean has to admit, for a crazy second there he though it was gonna speak - and judging by the surprised step backwards and flattened ears, so did Cas. He tries again, somehow managing to enunciate the sound, then growls low in his throat and goes still. After a beat, the very end of his tail starts twitching.
They lie there for a while, Dean hovering in the fuzzy place between sleep and waking and basking in the endorphins, and Cas breathing slow and steady at his side. It’s
is ‘Zeke’?” Abaddon demands, and for a split second Dean thinks the angel was too weak, she’s still in him - then she slams into him, back in her old body again, and they both go crashing into the wall. It hurts like hell, and after a confused moment of wrestling Abaddon grabs him by the hair and punches his head into the concrete a couple more times. “You’ve got a fucking
be. And fuck if Tsalia wasn’t right, too: other him’s got one arm braced on the wall, head hanging down, but his other hand is stroking rough through Cas’s hair, slip-sliding down his cheek, following his jawline with the backs of his fingers, thumbing just under his eye. And Cas’s head tilts to follow it, his eyes flickering closed like he’s savouring the touch before he slits them back open and looks up, does something that makes the other Dean shiver and snap his hips forward.
The paper aeroplane found Dean just before he went into Charms, butting into his shoulder hard enough to crumple its nose.
and dean is his ~special chosen one). dean freaks out, begs cas not to do it, runs- and then cas is there looking displeased at his uncooperation and touches his forehead.
Dean presses a final kiss to the centre of Cas’s back, right between his wings, then drops his forehead down to rest against the skin, feeling Cas’s ribcage rise and fall as he breathes quick and deep, waiting. Dean closes his eyes, conscious of the wings on either side of him and the hushed ebb and flow of air beneath him, then, not letting himself think about it too much, he shifts backwards and trails his mouth down, following the ridge of Cas’s spine.
bobby determines he's him, sam explains about cas, and dean, and bobby agrees. cas goes back to heaven and does the equivalent of sleeping for three days. time passes. sam goes off with the campbells. cas continues hanging round dean and checking in occasionally on sam. raphael gives cas his ultimatum, cas goes to dean and crowley turns up and persuades him to go to war. he offers cas half the souls, and the starter pack from hell; cas's mental dean tells him he'd be a moron to accept, so he declines and goes back to watching dean, then to heaven. he takes all his followers to raphael's and basically tells him to go fuck himself, thus the war. lack of souls means all the rebels get much more badly hurt tho. the war’s still the reason he's awol - not that sam's praying so much now, but sometimes an angel is just useful on a hunt.
The only thing they know about her is that Jimmy called her "Kel" in that brief period when Cas had left the building, though Dean’s willing to bet that’s probably a nickname. He remembers finding the still body among the ruins, and knowing something was wrong not just because of the anti-angel sigils on the walls but because he’d never seen the spaniel-daemon so animated; lying possessively across Cas’s chest and baring her teeth at them as they approached, fussing over Jimmy when he woke, snuffling at every inch of him within her reach and leaning blissfully against his leg when he sat with them in the motel room, his hand curled around the back of her neck. When Jimmy had begged Cas to leave his daughter and take him instead she’d been whispering denials right to the end, muzzle tucked under his chin and shaking with the pain, preferring to die with him than have to continue watching something else walking around in his skin and forcing her to follow.
“They’re in an abandoned house on the edge of town, which they’ve covered with ancient, impenetrable wards. They truly don’t wish to be found.”
A few days later, Dean had turned up on Lisa’s doorstep with an extra daemon and a blank expression, and she had stared at him for a moment, her parrot-daemon ruffling his feathers uneasily on her shoulder, then stood aside to let him in. Iope had stayed mostly in Dean’s room, hidden from Ben, and went into a kind of catatonic stupor, calling out for Sam whenever she managed a fitful sleep and otherwise staying in a silent huddle of gold and grey fur.
“Yeah, and of course, it’ll rip all our throats out as soon as it can stand on its own four legs,” Bobby says loudly, silencing them, and Crowley shrugs one shoulder, mouth twitching.
Hayley’s messy blonde head is visible over by the fence, bending down to say goodbye to a couple of kids, so Dean inches his way out of the car and heads over, telling himself that he’s being an over-protective, paranoid son of a bitch as he goes and still glancing left and right in case Emmy’s there and he’s just missed her.
that, dickbag, I just wanna talk. You know what he’s been like lately. We can just plan revenge on Raphael and like, cuddle, I don’t care, I just wanna hang out with him again.” Sam’s patented puppy eyes didn’t look half as appealing on him, but he tried them anyway, since Balthazar had always seemed to have a soft spot for Sam. “Please, Balthazar, just tell him.”
Dean lets her words go in one ear and out the other. She’s right, they should check, he might be getting all shaky over nothing, but everything fits and if Cas
"as you may be aware, there has recently been a...change of management. mary ellen," and he pronounces her name carefully, like it's foreign, "is no longer cut off from the glory of heaven, and our father has decreed that she be left alone."
They settle him more comfortably, his head still against Dean's shoulder and Sam on his other side, both of them holding his hands where he's clinging to them. His breathing's shallow and wheezes ominously, and Sam silently meets Dean's eyes.
"Dean..." Bobby starts awkwardly, "son, what John said after that baseball game-" and Dean's shoulders hunch.
Benny is...an adjustment, after howeverlong of it being just him and Tsalia (he's been notching the deathstick's handle every time he wakes up with whatever he can find, but neither of them can remember exactly how long they were wondering around in here before he made it). It's kinda nice, having someone else to talk to, share stories with, who doesn't know them all already, but mostly he notices how Benny watches Tsalia, eyes soft.
The next slick slide of Cas's fingers repeats the movement, slowing just enough for Cas's fingertip to stroke across the muscle with an edge of extra weight behind it, and the continuing downward path afterwards is a little shorter before Cas's fingers change direction and come back again. Each subsequent sweep is shorter still, Cas decreasing the length of his strokes until finally his fingers still, middle one resting gently in the centre of the curl of muscle.
“I assure you, it would be not great loss,” Cas says, glaring down at it, and Crowley makes an irritated noise. Sam glances over at him.
"Hey," Sam says, low, leaning towards her and catching her eyes but not reaching out to touch, "Charlie, we've never met an angel that gave a crap about Leviticus, okay? In fact, from what we know they don't really recognise gender at all, cause they're all basically just like...wavelengths of light in their natural state."
The angels all stiffen and stare at him like he’s some kind of cockroach. “He is no longer fit for the Host,” says a different one, hands balled into fists. “His grace is gone, unnaturally ripped from him to create that
,” she murmurs, forehead against his, “don’t tell me you’ve faced down Alastair and Raphael but you’re scared of
She's almost finished by the time Mariah's ears prick up and Cas turns towards the door, the sound of the front door opening coming a second or two later. There's the cut-off jingle of keys hitting a bowl, and then footsteps down the hall and Dean appears, Adelaide’s various left-overs balanced in one arm. "Oh man, it smells amazing in here, you save any for me? It is freakin'
"in taking in the souls of purgatory he sacrificed his grace to their monstrous hunger, then tore out the remnants and used them to create the...child you are holding. even putting all his crimes aside, he no longer has the grace of the lord within him; he cannot stay in heaven."
She huffs out a sharp breath through her nose, then sits down on her haunches right in front of him, ducking her head to meet his eyes square on, her's glowing faintly gold in the perpetual twilight. "Dean. Don't be a child. We need to move. We need to find Cas. We need to get out of here, and back to Sam."
She usually sticks close though, determined to keep an eye on Cas and the human body in his care, which is why it’s so weird to see her slink as far away from him as she can once they get back to Bobby’s after the whole Pestilence fiasco, shoulders hunched like she’s pulling some huge weight behind her. Dean understands when Cas starts, hand pressing against his chest, eyes going wide, and she slumps down with a sharp whine, curling up like she wants to disappear.
"Alright?" Cas asks, a rumble, and Dean nods blindly against his skin. He isn't sure exactly how it feels, actually, but he knows what it
“Who else was there?” It’s not like it changes anything, but he’d feel better about knowing names, distinctions to mark them out from the rest of the Heavenly flock.
Yet another low-ceilinged tunnel greeted them, but it was only Dean and Ash now, and one other boy with a ready smile who said he was called Isaac. After passing several door ensconced in the walls they found a one with a sign on saying
Dean exhales, runs a hand. through his hair, looks desperately around the room. The daemons haven’t moved, but right on the edge of hearing, Tsalia is purring. Billie is still battering at the door, the sigil flicking warningly. “Cas, you can’t just- this sounds like you’re, like you’re leaving, like this is goodbye, and I won’t, I
"I mean, that was you, right? Or an aspect of you, the human you, and now he's gone but that was kind of his daemon too, right? So he's named after you, not Heaven, but also he's named after a dead guy, a good guy, a guy who helped people-"
“I always thought God striking people down with lightning bolts was a myth,” Sam says, a touch awed. “Well, they’re not people, but.”
, it’s makin’ you a dick anyway! Ever since you got the fuckin’ thing you’ve had a broom up your ass, ‘s no fuckin’ wonder Gabe and Balthazar gave it up, it sucks the fuckin’ life outta you!”
He works his way down Cas's leg, pausing to tickle his thumb over the back of Cas's knee because it makes him shiver, and then when he gets to the ankle he sets that leg down, shuffles across the bed on his knees, and starts again on the other one. When that leg's done too he nudges it back onto the bed, then inches himself backwards a little and sits back on his heels to just take a second.
On Christmas day, Dean comes down and finds Sam leaning against the counter munching enthusiastically on a pear, fingers and mouth smeared with juice. Since Bobby’s stance on food, like Dean’s, tends towards things that have been prepared by other people and can be reheated as needed, and since the closest thing to fresh fruit Dean’s had in a while has been artificially-flavoured and covered in pastry, he boggles.
recognize flirting when he sees it and sees no problem with returning it in kind; it’s not like entire freaking
They come down together, Cas’s eyes fading back to normal and Dean wiping the mess on his hand off on Cas’s stomach so he can get both hands back on Cas’s wings; Cas shivers and does something that has Dean hissing at the over-stimulation and pulling at the feathers in retaliation. Cas grumbles wordlessly and shifts, letting Dean pull out and then half-sliding, half-collapsing off him, ending up on his stomach with one wing sprawled possessively across Dean from collarbones to thighs.
He is afraid that Uriel knows. He fears that Uriel can see right through him to where Jimmy is coiled, watching, as they wait for Dean Winchester to decide what to do about Samhain. Uriel is impatient, and Castiel can see it. Uriel does not wish to wait around to see what Dean decides to do. He wishes to act, to smite, to remove the choice entirely, and for a moment, Castiel wonders if his vessel was treated the same way.
Around them, Hell has responded. Woken like a lazy cat, the demons are clustering near, and it is only a matter of time before the worst of them take notice. How they have carved out so large a trail through the destruction without alerting the Queen is a miracle, woven into Michael’s archangel influence, but it will not last forever. Castiel’s grace shivers as the hellhounds close in behind them. There is no time—they must leave.
He lowers himself back down to the bed, taking Cas with him. It's cramped, but not uncomfortable. Against the wall, Dean can curl around Cas's warmth. It doesn't feel strange to wrap his arms around Cas.
Now, though–this shit isn’t funny anymore. It’s dangerous, and it’s sharp edges, and it’s glaring at him from across the table like Dean’s the one responsible for the mess they’re in. Fuck.
“Cas, if there was ever anything worth dying for,” Dean says, and his mouth thins to almost nothing before he finishes, “this is it.”
Castiel has no corporeal form in Hell as he slashes through the demons and gore, but he still feels the licks of flame against his grace, shocks of
Michael takes a step further, towards Dean Winchester and the sobbing, incoherent soul strung on the rack in front of him. “You will obey me. We are here for
“This isn't Heaven without you, you know? It's not right. It's not…well. It's not everything I want. Not yet.”
, nothing in this fallen angel who looks up at Dean with dark eyes. Nothing in this woman, this carrier of grace-shadows, who touches Dean Winchester’s shoulder as if she knows the feel of his flesh against her own.
Ha. Kid always was an optimist, that's true. “Well, I only have one. This one. This is…this is mine, Cas.”
He has not seen Michael since his claiming of the Righteous Man in Hell, so Castiel flees when the archangel’s presence begins to fill Heaven. He can’t face the mightiest of them all, the glory of their Father, when he knows his handprint has been seared into Dean Winchester’s flesh like a brand. He is ashamed that he disobeyed, but that is not the knot of emotion in his vessel’s gut.
, a voice that cuts through the worst of the grime coating Hell around them, and it echoes through Castiel’s grace.
He spends the next day with Ellen, with Jo, with Ash. He visits Rufus and Bobby, reminisces with them, jokes about days spent pretending to be FBI agents and digging graves beneath moonlight. It feels good; it feels
The vessel’s eyes flicker to where Uriel is standing, though Castiel’s shoulders remain board straight.
There is only a moment before Dean has roughly shoved him away, and the knife goes clattering down to the floor. Castiel is too thrown to reach for it, too surprised to bend down, and then Dean is pushing him again. There is anger there, and frustration, and something concealed by a thread nearly unraveled. Dean corners him against the wall and surges in to grab Castiel’s lapels. His hands are fisted around the material and shaking, trembling, so much so that Castiel can feel the tremors in his chest.
His brethren find him first. They are ready; they’ve been watching him. It’s too late that he sees the sigil painted in blood on the wall. They’ve already begun, and he’s wrenched from Jimmy’s body in a surge of pain and fire, holy flames meant to burn his wings away.
Dean shakes his head. He thought he'd be better at this. Smoother, maybe. Easier to take it all in. He'd been expecting his end around every corner since he was sixteen, but at the end, hell, it still managed to catch him by surprise.
It takes seconds and years, wrapped together and warped beyond belief. By the time they find him, a knife in each hand, half the garrison has fallen, and Castiel can still hear their screams. Will they stay there in Hell, in the putrid depths, unable to return to Heaven? He doesn’t know; he thinks, worries, but doesn’t ask. His grace is trembling with fatigue and corrupted resonance, blocking out the worst of Lucifer’s twisted domain, and it takes all his focus to remain as he is. Michael has found the soul, his dominion, the vessel made for
When Dean is gone, Castiel presses two fingers against his vessel’s sternum, but he can’t dislodge the tightness that’s taken up residence there.
He thinks of putting Jimmy to sleep, but the rapturous joy is still there, seeping out from Jimmy’s awareness, and for some reason, it’s calming. His vessel’s heart is thudding wildly against his ribs, but Jimmy’s satisfaction is a river of peace. Perhaps it would not be so terrible to keep him alert, at least until Castiel has fully immersed himself in the vessel’s mechanics.
It’s a punch in the gut, that’s what it is, and Dean’s shoulders collapse on themselves just enough to pull his jacket taut. “Because there are things I don’t wanna say.”
Somehow, it's easier to say to the dark. The night doesn't judge, doesn't mock. The shadows curl around him in an embrace, emboldening him. Shit, he should have said all this before he even died. He should have yelled it to the sky until Cas finally heard him. It's what Cas would have done, probably.
A stapler crashes through the frosted windows, his salvation, a damn stapler of all things, and Chuck throws his hands up as all of them instinctively duck away from the blast of glass.
He wakes to fingers against his bicep. Warm fingers. His breath catches in his throat. Will he die again if he doesn't breathe in Heaven? He doesn't need to. It's muscle memory. Staring at the wall, Dean doesn't dare to move, lest the fingers slide free. When they remain after one breath, two, he risks a slight roll of his shoulder.
They break apart in a motion that nearly rends Castiel in two, and without thinking, his grace roars up around him. It slides into the wall, sweeping into the strokes needed, and Castiel doesn’t hesitate, doesn’t wait; he slams his palm against it to light up the sigil with his very grace, his very
It’s not; not for angels, not for soldiers of the Lord, but Castiel can’t find the words to explain it, and his vessel’s throat closes uncomfortably as he leaves.
Dean frowns across the lake, watching a dragonfly skip across and leave ripples in its wake. Maybe he wouldn't have had to.
Dean Winchester is sleeping, and Castiel does not wish to wake him. He sits on the side of the motel bed and watches a mouse scurry past the window. He listens to the clock click to the next minute, slow and steady, a rhythm his vessel recognizes.
Chuck’s gun lies on the map, in the middle of the table, taunting them all. Dean reaches for it just to have something to do, cocks it and looks at the hinges, the barrel, the silver and the etchings sliding down the handle.
They have become too close, Castiel and Jimmy. Castiel can no longer find the lines that used to divide them, the separations drawn in the dirt. Jimmy’s emotions cause his vessel’s hands to twitch, and Castiel’s cause the heart to skip. There is a war within the cavity of the vessel’s chest,
Either way, returning to the Roadhouse is coming home. As much as he likes to pretend otherwise, Ellen's joint provided much more comfort and familiarity than John Winchester ever did.
Cas goes across the room to Sam’s side, like Sam is easier to deal with, like Sam hasn’t personally betrayed him, and fuck that, honestly. Jack’s gone nuclear, and they’ve been around this block before. You don’t get to save people that far gone. You don’t get to save people who snapped your mother out of existence like it was nothing, like
After he leaves, Dean picks the gun back up, and the metal in his hands is the only thing that doesn’t burn.
Jimmy pushes against the vessel’s confines. He pleads, shouts, begs. Castiel should put him to sleep, and as if he senses the intent, Jimmy’s awareness shrinks back and away.
When Castiel watches her lean in to kiss him, his heart seizes in his chest. The vessel reacting to his doubt and hesitation he knows, but he doesn’t understand the sudden thunder against his ears, or why his hands, pressed against his thighs, begin to tremble. Anael is not a threat to Dean Winchester, and she means him no harm, but she presses her mouth against his with familiarity. She’s done so before.
Sam’s face has twisted, gone strange, and Chuck’s got an expression like a cat that caught the canary, and Dean should leave it alone.
John Winchester lingers on the other side of the kitchen table. Dean doesn't round it to embrace him, but he does nod. It was different when it was temporary. Strange, detached; here, it's forever. And forever suddenly hits in a new way. John wouldn't have approved of Dean's choices.
Castiel has his blade in his right hand, and Dean’s eyes travel down to it. It’s obvious by the widening of his eyes that he understands, but he doesn’t
Castiel is not gone. Castiel is whole, finally, with all the incorrect edges filed away. He is what he should have been from the beginning, before he let humanity and emotions fill his head with doubt.
Michael, a beacon of everything the Host stands for, cuts through the mass of demons as they fly down, down, down to Dean Winchester’s soul.
“I will carve those pearly wings off your back,” Dean replies, spitting blood onto the mud before Michael’s shimmering grace.
Jimmy reminds him, and Castiel barks out a laugh because there’s nothing else to do. It nearly wakes Dean, who mumbles something in his sleep and rolls over, throwing one arm wide across the mattress.
He is breaking rank, disobeying orders. Behind him, others in his garrison have already turned to fight off the demons closing in on their location, and he should help them. He is a soldier, a sword of justice, and only that, but in the presence of Dean Winchester, he feels like more.
Castiel says nothing. He is a soldier. He is an angel of the Lord. His vessel’s heart slams against his lungs, echoing against his ears, but he says nothing.
Castiel closes his eyes. Through the tether, Jimmy sends memories: Dean sitting on the dock in his dreams with a fishing rod, Dean leaning back on the bench in the park. Dean’s eyes as they narrow and shift, following the line of Castiel’s jaw.
That’s what Castiel feels in his gut, throbbing in time with his vessel’s heartbeat: doubt. Seeds of it, promises he should never be allowed to house. He’s strayed far enough to merit immediate punishment, and if he valued his post and his integrity, he would turn himself in at once to have the dark spots purged.
He’s failed. He’s failed himself, he’s failed Jimmy Novak, and worst of all, he’s failed Dean Winchester.
Castiel has to send him to sleep in order to proceed. In doing so, he loses control over some of his vessel’s functions. His eyes narrow, his fingers shake, and he doesn’t bother to correct it. Dean Winchester stares at him with wide, disbelieving eyes, and Castiel is overcome with the desire to shake him. Does he not remember being pulled from Hell, being taken, being saved? There is a quick brush of something dark against his grace.
, and it’s a difference Castiel couldn’t have known existed until this very moment. It’s the purest thing he’s ever seen, and his grace reaches for it involuntarily, if just to get tangled in the light.
Dean desperately wants to be anywhere else. The conference, that stupid, sterile conference room that probably has three routers all blasting superspeed wi-fi, crushes down on him as though the walls are rapidly closing in. He tugs at his tie, at his collar, and can’t get his fingers down far enough to loosen the chokehold.
Dean dreams, and Castiel goes to him. He has to tell him, but the words get stuck in his throat. Dean’s soul shines, a lighthouse in the storm, a beacon Castiel will follow until his soles bleed, and he swallows because he can’t find the right thing to say.
Dean Winchester looks at him with eyes that see too much and too little, with a soul that burns brighter than the whole of the garrison. He is calming, somehow, a soul Castiel knows more intimately than even Jimmy’s, trapped in the same vessel as himself. Castiel’s grace longs to reach out and touch Dean’s soul again just to feel the surety and promise it affords, but he holds himself back.
“Well, sometimes, I can’t talk to you!” Dean says. Was that what he meant to say? No, no, that wasn’t what he meant to say; hopeless, his tongue runs along the backside of his teeth. “And I definitely don’t wanna to do it here–-”
Dean closes his eyes, counts his fingers tapping out a nervous rhythm against the mattress. Then he opens them again. He's still staring at the wood panels of the cabin walls. “I get it. I didn't give you anything to hold onto.”
Castiel wrings his hands as he waits, a move too human, too instinctual, to be perceived as anything else, and hopes that his superior does not notice.
Was his vessel devout and pleased by the offering to be part of something bigger? Or had Uriel promised something he would never deliver?
. It has been a long time since he’s had a vessel, a long time since he’s had a need, but longer still since one has resonated so rightly in time with his energies.
“That’s always been your problem,” Cas tells him. He moves away, and his absence cuts like a damn knife. “You’ve never had faith.”
Dean’s knuckles turn white against the table, just like the bare bleached wall behind him. “Get us out of here and fix this.”
“Have you seen him?” he asks, and only belatedly realizes he needs to clarify who he's talking about. She might think he's talking about John Winchester.
With every command, Dean Winchester’s soul pulses. He’s angry, twisted by decades of torture and pain, and he’s responding as a wounded animal would. The remnants of what he once was lay in tatters around his feet, but they are still there, blinking in and out of existence; not lost, but discarded, peeled apart as Hell molded him through blood and tears. If Michael cannot convince the Righteous Man to leave, the mission will fail, and Hell will win.
right. There was always something comforting down in the bare bones of the wood, corralling the wandering souls inside with the scent of pine and lemon cleaning solution.
Just for a little while, then. Jimmy will be helpful in relearning how to move with skin and bone restraints. He can see the Holy mission Castiel has been charged with and know that he is part of it. He has prayed for this, to see, to know, and Castiel has the ability to grant him that, if nothing else.
Jimmy hangs back, curling in only on the edge of Castiel’s awareness, and there is something to his distance that pushes Castiel further into confusion. He doesn’t understand.
He leaves with the promise to return for dinner and takes the long way home, looping in and around of the fields and trees, the flowering brush and the dusty road.
“You told me that you’d help,” Dean seethes. “You told me you believed in me, and now you’re gonna let these dicks win? You’re gonna let them destroy everything? Wipe out all of humanity?”
, later? Later when the gun drags them both into some shitty afterlife special? Cas doesn’t specify, and neither does Dean. The truth isn’t tugging at his tongue trying to break free any more. Instead, the whole thing just tastes like ash.
Jimmy is angry, bristling. He’s felt the way Castiel has withdrawn to keep his emotions hidden, and he cannot do the same himself.
It has always been Zachariah: Zachariah who held the reins, who molded the story. Zachariah who ordered them to collect the demon Alastair for interrogation, Zachariah who commanded Castiel’s re-education. It is fitting that it is Zachariah who has imprisoned Dean Winchester to usher in the Apocalypse.
“You will not deny me!” Michael seethes, and Castiel slides through the entrails towards Dean Winchester and the miserable torture rack.
Ellen's inside with a rag stuffed halfway into a beer mug, Jo perched on one of the three-legged stools. Neither seems surprised to see him. Dean wonders if Heavenly entrances come with some sort of alert whistle.
Sam moves, like he’s trying to help, caught in the middle of a damn standoff, and Chuck raises a hand in a lazy sort of wave. Sam slams back down onto his chair, eyes wide.
It’s a moment of clarity from Castiel’s host that is distinctly unwanted. The Apocalypse has begun, and the brothers are at the center of it. Michael seeks Dean Winchester, waits for him, and Dean slumbers in scratchy rented sheets.
Jimmy hangs back. There’s a strain between them now, but Castiel doesn’t find it wholly frustrated anymore.
“For saving me. For thinking I'm worth saving. For…” Still hard to get the words out. His throat has closed. “…for loving me enough to die for me.”
Silence falls over the room. Cas stares at him, eyes blue and dark and wide and angry, and Dean’s bristling, but that was true. All of it’s true. Laid before them, it seems stupid, but wading through that’s a bitch.
around him. From above, in his true form, there are sounds and prayers and a thousand voices whispering in his ears, but there aren’t smells or textures beneath his fingers. He staggers, out of sync with the body he’s now occupying, and can’t quite find his balance. Without his wings, without the tails of grace, the angel world goes starkly quiet in a way he’s never heard before, and his Father’s creation roars in to take its place.
It doesn’t matter. They flee Hell with the hounds nipping at their heels until the world, their Father’s creation, bursts back into shape and color and sound around them, and the rage of the Lightbringer falls away behind them. Michael is gone, his absence a dark hole, as Castiel lays Dean Winchester’s soul back where it belongs.
. He lost hundreds of his brothers and sisters in Hell on the quest to rescue Dean Winchester, and their sacrifice was just that. Soldiers are trained for their eventual end, and dying is a sacred duty. He flexes his vessel’s fingers out and in, out and in, to try and clear the misery from his bloodstream.
It is a mercy to return. Castiel slips back into Jimmy’s body almost as if he had never left. Jimmy is furious, screaming, and then, when Castiel does nothing to engage, he abruptly cuts away. The silence is perhaps more jarring than the anger was.
It’s a single moment of hesitation, like Dean had been so focused on Michael’s impossible goodness, the swell of his immeasurable strength, that he’d lost sight of everything else around him. Castiel is nothing but a pebble in the shadow of the mightiest of them all, and perhaps it marks him as unimportant; it doesn’t matter. The second of stillness gives him all the time he needs to surge forward and lay his hand on Dean Winchester’s shoulder.
He cannot share his doubt with Jimmy. The initial joy of having such a heavenly purpose has faded, leaving behind merely a man who misses, longs, and fears. It’s harder to work around the myriad of Jimmy’s emotions, and Castiel has gone too far to put him to sleep now. Expressing doubt in his mission might push Jimmy’s soul beyond despair, might render his sacrifice meaningless. He believed, truly believed, and it was the mark of a traitor that Castiel could no longer say such things about himself.
He hears only ragged breaths. Cas, too, it seems, holds onto the earthly routines, even though he needed them for far less time than Dean did. Must be something about the familiarity of it all.
“Fuck that,” Dean spits. “You’re family. See? I said that, so it’s not a lie. You know it’s true; you’re
Dean pauses outside the door with a hand on the frame, like a prayer. Like both a hello and a goodbye, rolled into one; a forever, maybe, if such a thing exists. Which…well. He supposes it does now. Heaven is a strange world opening up, petals in the spring, and maybe he doesn't need to linger at the Roadhouse forever, or maybe he does. Maybe he'll find the strength he needed in the worn wood walls etched with tiny scars: remnants of bar fights, darts gone awry, and hunters trying to one-up each other after too many beers.
, Jimmy says, in that same strange, detached way. He’s not pleased. His body reacts to Castiel’s grace, to the way it strains towards Dean Winchester, but he’s not happy.
When he finds Dean Winchester, alive and whole despite the years of torture in the pit below, Castiel feels relief. He has grown more fluid with the vessel’s movements, yet some things elude him. Jimmy Novak’s body jerks and shivers and curls in response to stimuli Castiel has not had to think about in hundreds of years, and yet, despite the foreignness of it, the vessel folds in around Castiel like a shell. He goes to Dean, eager to explain, to see the Righteous Man in true flesh and blood.
“Yeah, yeah,” Dean scoffs. He loops an arm around her shoulders and tugs her in, and if he holds her a little too tight, well, he doesn't think Jo will judge him for it. Last time he saw them was an explosion of brimstone and hellhound guts.
Dean moves into his face, too close for comfort. “Please, Cas. Get me outta here. I’ve gotta find Sammy. I’ve gotta
, there, and it’s not missed. Cas’ expression twitches, though Dean can’t read what’s lying beneath and doesn’t trust himself enough to keep searching. His eyes fall back to the gun in his palm.
It’s a refusal—no, it’s worse than that. Michael reels back in surprise and shock, grace twisting with fury, for no one refuses an archangel. They’ve arrived too late, and the Righteous Man has been lost to them, swallowed up by the festering agony they allowed to claim him in the first place. But his soul is still so bright Castiel can’t tear his sight away from it, and he wants to touch it, wants to
“Cas? You got your ears on?” But he must not, because Dean doesn't get an answer. Or he's elsewhere, creating again. Once a celestial being, always a celestial being, maybe.
The gun clatters down back onto the map and Dean sighs, dragging his hands over his face. They have a fucking
“Right.” That's the truth. Cas is still wearing that trenchcoat, the first one—the one Dean always preferred. But it's still far too many layers for the quiet parts of night. Dean slides off the bed and stands up, reaching for the collar.
That isn’t a lie. Dean’s pissed as hell, cheeks hot, but god damn, he can’t do this now. His mom’s too fresh, too open–-the wound isn’t closed, hasn’t scabbed over, hasn’t gotten to the point again where Dean can maneuver around it safely. He’s dragging his heels over a minefield, and Jack’s stupid spell is tugging him right through the middle. He scrambles for something, anything–-
That’s impossible. Castiel is a soldier, and his orders come from above. He is not beholden to this man, no matter how bright or righteous or blinding his soul is—and it is, so much so that Castiel can still see it through the sinew and muscle, see right through to the core of it. He does not care what this mortal man does or does not remember.
Dean Winchester snarls, bearing teeth white against the splattered crimson on his lips, and says, “Fuck off.”
Jimmy Novak was made to be his, molded to house and protect and contain the potent, bright-gleaming grace of a seraph, and Castiel tips down into all the cracks and crevices afforded to him. As soon as he touches the hair, skin, muscles, he feels Jimmy’s joy, the satisfaction that he was
There’s a wetness to his cheeks. When Castiel touches them, his fingertips come away slick with salt.
There’s heat, a quick heat that spreads through Castiel’s cheeks, and he has to turn his head away lest Uriel see the flush. He steels himself, pulling his grace around him as a shield, for he’s given too much away. This is why they are meant to keep their hosts still and unaware—it is a two-way street, the bleeding of feelings and emotions and thoughts. Castiel is an angel, called to a higher purpose, and Jimmy merely the fortunate result of a bloodline kept strong to house an eventuality.
“Cas, it's always been you,” Dean says. He's never meant anything more. The admission almost hurts. “You're it for me.”
He flies at Dean and spins him, pushes and flips them until Dean’s back is against the wall. Castiel’s hand is over Dean’s mouth so he can feel hot breaths against his palm. He stares at Dean, and Dean stares back, and inside, Jimmy slides into quiet with a sigh of acceptance.
Castiel sucks in a lungful of air, crisp and cool and sharp, and the blackness at the edge of his sight recedes again. He has already made a grave error, for Jimmy’s consciousness should have slipped away immediately upon his agreement, laid down in the still stream of blissful unawareness, and Castiel was so thrown by the sudden jolt of sensation that he neglected to do it. He reaches inward, and then pauses. His vessel’s legs are clunky and strange beneath him, and it has been so long, so long since he’s felt the world in cold breaths against human skin.
Castiel has no answer for this. His allegiance is to Heaven and the Host’s missions, not to the vessel he is borrowing, and not to Jimmy’s family. Jimmy said yes, and that was all the consent Castiel needed. Still, it feels wrong, somehow, to ignore them, and Jimmy’s pain is beginning to soak into Castiel’s interactions with the others in his garrison.
No, no—Castiel wheezes, unable to find oxygen for his lungs. He doubles over and clutches at the collar of the too-tight shirt. He can’t breathe, he can’t think, and his vision begins to blacken with rapid flashing shadows. He tears at the fabric as he heaves. He will wake Dean any moment, but he’s too far gone to disappear, too solid and corporeal to fall back on his grace’s instincts.
, Jimmy says, like the word has meaning, reverence, like his whole being hinges on that single syllable, that easy agreement. He says yes and means it, right down to his bones, bones Castiel leans forward in all his grace to feel, fill,
“Shut up,” Dean snaps, and he didn’t mean it to come out that harsh, he swears he didn’t, but before he can stop himself, he’s pointing a finger at Cas like the perp in a lineup. “I can’t deal with you right now.”
Dean reaches over to tangle their fingers together. The warmth between their palms blossoms through his entire core.
Perhaps it was Michael who ordered the re-education. Michael, the archangel from whom Castiel claimed the chosen vessel. It should have been Michael raising Dean from the hellfire.
Castiel cuts him off with a tendril of grace; it was the wrong choice. Jimmy’s anger doubles, bright and sharp, pressing against the bounds of the vessel they share.
Shell-shocked, Castiel raises his hand to stare at the slim fingers and tries to move them one by one, managing only half before his vision, now limited and linear, with a single plane of existence that bucks up as if to meet his face, blurs.
They are watching him. He can feel them on the edge of his awareness and knows that they can see through him. He’s lost the ability to discern their outlines, too wrapped up in his human form, too dimmed by the confines of blood and bone. With every borrowed breath he becomes more human and less angel, and his heart aches. His blood sings. He is terrified and elated at the same time, and doesn’t understand how both emotions can exist side-by-side, overlapping and superseding each other.
Unchecked, his wings burst into being across the planes of existence and quake against the walls, defying everything.
Castiel has never seen anything as bright as the Righteous Man’s soul. If he’d had eyes, he’d have lost them to the brightness that is Dean Winchester; the sight makes him want to weep. He’d believed, but he’d never really
Cas’ gaze finally wavers and pulls away. He hunches over, drooping shoulders spread wider beneath that damn coat, and stares at the blank wall. “I don’t want that like you mean it, Dean.”
He chooses not to think about that as he readies himself for sleep, for the routine that still feels comforting and familiar, for the flannel pajamas that stretch across his skin and remind him of things he still wants to cling to, just a little while longer.
Castiel doesn’t wish to. Jimmy’s feelings, while distracting, help a great deal in deciphering why the Winchesters make the decisions they do. They are rash and blunt and too quick to turn the other way, and Castiel can’t understand why. It’s too human. He needs Jimmy to keep up with the illogical acts; he needs Jimmy to stay one step ahead of Uriel and the others.
Dean's gaze flicks back over his shoulder in the direction Bobby had pointed at. Mom and…Dad. His chest swells, but he can't determine the point of origin, nor the intended receiver. He decides to work that tangle out later.
He’s caught up in his emotions, his doubts, his fears, and that’s why he doesn’t notice the trickling of grace within Anna—
Dean never had easy, complete happiness in life. In death, it's difficult to adjust to. It feels like a fever dream, a djinn trick, something conjured up from the dark recesses of his psyche just to try and use against him.
Then he kisses Castiel, a real kiss this time, a full kiss with clanking teeth and merciless pressure. Dean commands his mouth to part with the urgency of the dying, swallowing Castiel’s involuntary groan, and Castiel is helpless. Dean is the undertow, and Castiel is trapped within its sway. His body quivers with the intensity of it, and if Castiel didn’t know better, he’d had thought his heart was ready to explode. There would be no pieces of him left, no scattered remains beneath Dean’s demands.
He can't sleep that night. After a few hours, he gives up and gets up. At some point, he may have to accept that his body on longer needs to sleep, but the routine offers too much right now to abandon. Sleeping feels normal. Usually, anyway.
“Get me outta here, Cas!” Dean demands, and Castiel stares at the wall where the corners meet: ceiling, side, floor, all lined up with an exit. When he fails to respond, Dean grabs his shoulder and spins him. He’s sparking, righteous, his soul glowing and expanding to fill up the room.
He summons the nerve to ask Ellen about it, finally, bent over the bar as she stacks bottles in the back he doesn't think she'll ever need.
“Well, you’re going to have to ‘deal with me’,” Cas says, with those stupid finger-quotes and everything, even as his eyes get dark with rage and loathing and all the things he never seems to put into words but sears into Dean’s soul with those damn eyes, “because
When Jimmy’s body is shot, Castiel feels it ripple through his form. Claire’s body is not the same, and it does not envelop him like Jimmy’s once had. Moving in an unfamiliar vessel, Castiel is slower than he would have liked to be. He grabs for one of the demons and banishes it, and then the next, but Jimmy’s blood is leaking onto the dirty cement.
He is no longer himself, and neither is Jimmy. Castiel can almost feel the vessel’s body, but from a distance, a play spread beneath him. The demons have captured Amelia and the Winchesters, and Jimmy Novak is sparking with rage and fear. Castiel moves to reach fingers he no longer has, and his wings beat against his back, propelling him forward.
“Cas?” he tries, quiet. Feeble. Shit, even after death, there's a trill of real fear there. What if Cas didn't answer?
Jimmy tells him, flatly, and his consciousness hunches further away, shrinking back against the outermost reaches.
There's a lake out back. A real lake—real enough, anyway. Heaven-real, whatever that means. Doesn't really matter, since it feels like a real lake. Dean sits by the side of it on the creaking wood of the dock and watches the sun set. He wonders if he's watching the rotation of it down on earth. Does Heaven keep to standard time?
There are flashes of Amelia and Claire Novak, domestic: sitting around the dinner table, watching television on the couch. But they are nothing compared to the sway and pull of Heaven’s Host, and they are all around Castiel. They whisper in his head, an echo of the prayers from below. It’s a frequency not easy to ignore, and the images Jimmy summons are gone with the next crest, inconsequential and irrelevant.
“Dean!? Are you out here?” It was Jo. He pulled away from Castiel slightly, thudding his head on the wall behind him as he realised there was no way he was going to be able to get out of this. He moved away from Castiel quickly, shifting his jeans under the toga, and making sure the fabric sat in an inconspicuous way. He really didn’t need to look like he’d just been pushed up against a wall when Jo saw him. Castiel seemed to take the hint, sitting on the floor next to his speaker and taking out his phone, as if they’d simply been having a calm conversation this entire time.
by the Goo Goo Dolls as Dean played. Even Castiel knew the words to almost every song, only faltering on the Carrie Underwood classic, which Dean supposed was fair. They probably don’t listen to much country in Britain.
Ever since Saturday, it had been impossible for Dean to focus on anything. First he couldn’t stop thinking about Castiel during his classes, and now here he was, sitting in Ash’s garage during band practice, hand glued to his phone even more than normal. He knew he needed to put it away and stop holding the rest of the band back so that they could run through more songs, but he couldn’t stop looking back at Castiel’s last texts.
‘Subtle’ took its form in Castiel all but ignoring Dean, which really, he wasn’t sure he preferred. Castiel acted as if he had only met Dean those twenty minutes ago, and it drove Dean crazy. He didn’t
They’d been lying in each other’s arms in Castiel’s bed for at least twenty minutes when Castiel mumbled something and sat up.
They reached the front door quickly, Castiel’s apartment only on the second floor. He unlocked and opened the door efficiently, and before Dean knew it he was inside Castiel’s apartment, strong hands gripping his sides and pushing him in to the wall. Castiel kicked the door shut behind them, before diving in to kiss Dean like he’d been dying to for millennia. He was forceful and strong, one hand coming up to slide through the back of Dean’s hair, tugging lightly and dragging a moan out of Dean’s mouth.
“We all take it in turns to pick a card, and therefore a number. Each number corresponds to an activity, we’ll cover those as we go. First three kings that get drawn, you pour some of your drink in the cup. Fourth king, you gotta drink the cup. That’s pretty much it, let’s go.”
“Is this okay?” he asked, a hand coming to rest on Dean’s side, over the stupid Jesus toga he’d forgotten he was wearing.
Castiel only lived a couple of streets away, so it was a short enough drive for them not to be uncomfortable sitting in silence. By the time they were parked up outside, the second song on the cassette had only just started to play before it was stopped abruptly.
“I’m all good now,” she smiled, flicking her hair back over her shoulder. “The carbonation messed with my stomach, is all. Turns out it’s not a good idea to chug so much soda, even if it is alcoholic.” It’s exactly what Dean had assumed, but he was glad to know that it was in fact just the carbonation, and that Andrea hadn’t actually drunk so much alcohol she’d puked. Dean had only been there once, and it wasn’t an experience he would wish on anyone.
“What are you listening to?” Dean asked, the music being the only topic of conversation he could think of to worm his way into this guy’s favour. If he was honest, it was awful- some cheesy girl band that he didn’t recognise.
to get a four- if he remembered correctly, four was whores, which meant all the girls would have to drink- and he wanted to get Andrea back for the stupid dog round. Annoyingly, as if the universe itself was directed against him, he got a six- for dicks. Ash and Benny looked at him with mild annoyance as the girls laughed, and the three guys drank.
“The lovely Charlie,” he decided, “drink up.” Charlie bowed, before she brought her cup of vodka cran to her lips and took a large gulp.
They left Jo’s apartment quickly, the both of them shooting “bye!”s over their shoulders at the others as they headed out the door. The moment the front door was closed and they were out in the hall, Dean fell against the wall, looking Castiel dead in the eyes and feeling those ever-present nerves once more.
“We still meeting Charlie at the Buzz?” he asked, pulling his guitar into the case. He hadn’t seen Charlie Bradbury since the end of freshman year, when she’d bid the two of them goodbye to go travelling with her girlfriend.
, Benny put his drink on the table, a proud grin on his face until he turned to look at Andrea. Charlie stopped quickly after Benny, and Andrea put her drink down the second she saw Charlie move.
. Even still, he couldn’t help but feel his cheeks burn from the shame of failure. He decided to pretend it was from the whiskey.
It was Jo’s turn to pick a card next, and she flipped it over to show a 12 emblazoned on the card. “What’s this one again?” she asked.
“U-uhm, truth,” he decided, not wanting to risk a dare in case it entailed him moving from his seat.
near the beginning of their first semester, and he remembered the night well. He’d been at a freshman party, getting drunk and having the time of his life now that he was finally free, when the image of his stubborn, gangly fourteen year old brother refused to leave his mind. He’d immediately opened his phone notes and written down everything he was thinking, with Jo helping him to adapt it into a song later on.
“A sophomore,” he corrected, and instantly the other guys in the circle began to coo, as if he’d just announced that he was actually fresh from elementary school. He rolled his eyes and laughed along, pretending it didn’t bother him. Dean had never liked being patronised. He’d spent his entire childhood with more responsibility than he should have, which had always led him to grow surly when others doubted his maturity.
It’s not long before Jo comes bursting through the door, arms full of illegally bought alcohol. “Okay…” she trails, “I got Jack for Dean, vodka and a carton of cranberry juice for Charlie, aaaand tequila for me.” Dean hurried over to take the drinks from her arms, placing them down on his coffee table until they’d need them.
“Girls Aloud, Sound of The Underground,” he answered, “not that you care about that. You’re here for this.” He held up one hand at that, showing Dean the joint that, judging by the length, he’d only just lit.
“Oh my God, who?” Jo asked as she turned to him with a much deeper interest in her eyes. As aloof as Jo tried to play herself, she had always been a sucker for gossip. Dean simply shook his head.
“You a junior?” one of the other guys in the circle asked as Dean took his first puff. There was no crutch, so the end was kind of damp from where the others had been smoking it- which Dean thought was gross. It was definitely not the context he wanted someone else's spit in his mouth.
“Hello,” Castiel greeted, one arm coming up in a sort-of wave. Seeing Castiel interact with a group of new people, sober, was a strange experience. When Dean had been close to drunk, and Castiel had been at least one spliff down already, he’d had a confidence that didn’t seem to be present now- the same one he still had through texts. It was endearing, if anything, seeing him unsure how to handle himself while meeting Dean and Charlie’s friends. If Dean’s heart rate picked up or his lungs felt like they were going to burst while watching him, then Dean would be the last to mention it.
With an exaggerated huff and a roll of his eyes, Dean sat up and grabbed the electric guitar he’d rested against the sofa what he swears was two minutes ago. There was no way he’d been sleeping as long as the irritated looks Jo was shooting him claimed. He’d laid down on the sofa to rest his eyes while Ash and Benny argued over whether or not Ash kept speeding up during one of their new songs, and hadn’t even known he’d drifted off until he was rudely awoken.
“I mean… this is just a one-time thing though, right? Sorry, I probably should have clarified that… before.”
“Oh, we must have forgot!” she tried, her classic sickly-sweet ‘lie voice’ drifting through into his bedroom.
“How was your summer, Charlie?” Dean asked, needing to stop his own thoughts about his fucked-up family for a minute, and not wanting to seem rude. He wanted to kick himself immediately after though, when a weird look fell over Charlie’s face, and she waved a hand through the air.
They decided to go clockwise, this time, starting with Ash for no reason other than him calling dibs. Castiel was still sitting on the arm of the sofa, and by this point Dean’s shoulder down to his elbow was pressed up against Castiel’s side. He couldn’t stop thinking about it for a second. They were so close that he could hear each of Castiel’s individual breaths. Almost as close as they had been just one week ago, in that senior’s back yard…
“As much as I’d love to stay here and listen to you two drooling over some British girl who may or may not exist,” she began, “I’ve gotta go. My mom wants me to video call her from my new apartment and give her a virtual tour.”
“So where am I going?” Dean asked, and before he had even finished the question, Castiel had held up his phone, with the GPS app loaded up and ready to go. Dean pressed play on the cassette player, and Deep Purple came roaring through the old speakers as he began to drive.
They smoked the spliff together peacefully, laying back down together in Castiel’s bed. Dean tried to forget how he’d rebuffed Castiel, but he couldn’t get it out of his mind. It was only when they were both stoned, and he slowly drifted off to sleep in Cas’s arms, that his mind began to rest.
“It’s too early for this shit!” Dean called from his bed, before pulling his pillow over his eyes to shield them from the sun.
“It’s 6pm!” Charlie yelled back, “me and Jo have been texting you all day! We brought your costume!”
“Unfortunately, mind powers are the one thing the British Empire hasn’t managed to master yet,” Castiel laughed, and Dean finally relented, moving his arms and letting him up. Dean enjoyed the view as Castiel walked to the other side of his bedroom naked, opened a large jewellery box, and collected the things he needed from inside of it. He got back under the covers after that, before he reached down beside his bed and pulled up a cherry wood rolling tray, putting the other items on top of it. Dean sat up too, resting his chin on Castiel’s shoulder to watch him.
awful. The year before, they’d made him dress up as Cat in the Hat, while Charlie and Jo were Thing 1 and Thing 2. He had hated the hat with a passion- it was made of weirdly sturdy felt, and made his scalp itch all night. It didn’t look like he was getting off any lighter this time, either, as when Dean pulled the fabric out of the bag he quickly realised that it was a
“Truth it is. Out of the band, who would you… make out with?” At once, Benny and Ash sat up straighter in their seats, while Jo’s face scrunched up in disgust. Dean could practically hear Castiel’s ears pricking up.
They drank and talked and danced in Dean’s apartment until the hours ticked by, and it was finally time to go to the party. They talked excitedly on the way there, swapping what little information they’d learned about their other friends’ summers to make sure nobody was left out of the loop. Charlie still hadn’t seen Ash, Benny or Andrea since the end of freshman year, so she was desperate to know what she’d missed.
“I have more weed in my apartment,” Castiel states with a smirk, “if you think that would make you feel any better.”
“Yeah, yeah we’ll go,” she said, deciding for the both of them. Dean couldn’t argue- he was always down for a party. The three of them waved as Jo walked out the bar, and the moment she stepped out the door Charlie turned to Dean, a wicked smile on her face.
Everyone went quiet at that. It was an odd request, and definitely not one that belonged in the middle of an otherwise chaotic game of truth or dare. Regardless, Castiel was their guest, and somebody they were all trying to befriend- it was only polite to cater to his request. And how could Dean possibly say no, when those eyes were watching his face so closely, those fingertips still tracing circles on his neck?
“I wasn’t going to,” Castiel assured, “I have no reason to tell your friend what happened at the party, even if I am rather disappointed it was cut short.” Dean could feel his cheeks heat up at that, which gained a smirk from Castiel.
Andrea squirms and cringes her way through a story of peeing herself in the Mexican airport this past summer, and the group laugh along to her pain.
“Hey, Dean,” she smiled, wrapping her arms around him in a hug. The bottles in his backpack clinked as he moved, and the two of them laughed at the sound. “Stick them on the coffee table, it’s only the seven of us today.” For a second, he thought that she meant that Sam was here too. It was only when his phone buzzed in his pocket, and he read the notification, that he remembered just who was joining them.
“A beauty. She was my dad’s, but a lot of stuff happened and, well… she ended up with me, and I’ve been taking good care of her ever since.” Dean didn’t want to go into detail about his shitty home life while he was trying to get laid, so he dismissed the entire topic of conversation with a quick, “hop in, it’s getting cold out.”
“They’re incredibly famous back home. Although, I feel even if they were well-known here, you wouldn’t know much about them. I suspect you’re more of a… classic rock, electric guitar kind of guy? Led Zeppelin, Deep Purple, that about right?”
“That looked like it hurt,” Charlie provided, finally having retrieved her pencil case just in time to watch Castiel’s descent.
“You’re kidding me, right?” he shouted out to Charlie, not even sure if she could hear from the bathroom.
Dean’s head whipped around to check the rest of the yard for any stragglers- they were completely alone, anyone else who may be outside too far away to see around the corner they were hidden behind. Once he’d checked they were alone, Dean’s mind said
Something like disappointment flickered over Castiel’s face, just for a second, before his expression reverted to a dull smile. One that wasn’t wholly genuine.
Once the message had sent, Dean made his next task taking his drinks from his bag. While he was unpacking his shit, Benny and Andrea turned up, soon followed by Ash.
“Oh,” Jo said, pretending to be interested. She didn’t mean anything bad by it, Jo just truly couldn’t care less about the nerdy shit that Charlie and Dean liked. There was a reason she wasn’t a Film major too. Dean was thankful for the out, and walked over to settle onto Jo’s couch for the night. One of the main reasons he always got to her apartment early, alongside wanting to see his best friend, was for the prime real estate. If he arrived after Ash or Benny and Andrea, they’d undoubtedly take his seat before he even had the chance to fight for it. Finally settled, he messaged Castiel back.
“Yeah, ‘course,” Castiel agreed. “I just meant like, as friends. If that’s something you want.” He lit the spliff at that, not waiting for Dean’s response.
“Who you talking to Dean?” he asked, a teasing lilt to his voice. Dean could tell it was supposed to be friendly. “You got a girl we should know about?”
They got out of the car silently, and Dean could feel himself shake with nerves and excitement. If he wasn’t careful, he was going to vibrate out of his skin before he’d even managed to get his clothes off. Castiel started striding towards the building, and Dean trailed behind him blindly.
Andrea’s story ended, and then it was her own turn to choose a victim. Her gaze turned to Dean, and he felt like a deer in the headlights. He knew she couldn’t see where Castiel’s hand was, but it felt like he'd been caught out regardless.
It was Jo’s turn next, and she smirked as she plucked a card from the pile. Everyone groaned as she turned it around- an Ace. Waterfall. Everyone had to start drinking at the same time, and the card picker is the only person who’s allowed to stop first. After that, you can only stop when the person to your left has stopped drinking. Looking at how they were sitting, it would be Jo stopping first, followed by Ash, then Dean, Benny, Charlie, and then lastly Andrea. Dean suddenly got very worried about Andrea- she hadn’t had to drink yet the whole game, but she was also drinking some fruity carbonated thing- the absolute
“Yeah,” he confirmed, “he said they went hang gliding and he was convinced they were gonna fall out of the sky. I think Andrea wanted it to be an offline vacation, so they didn’t post about it online.”
“You know it,” he agreed immediately. Andrea took a moment to explain the rules to the rest of the group, even though they all complained that they’d played before.
“In that case,” Castiel said, eyes flicking from Charlie on to Dean, “I’d be delighted to join you.”
” the pet name comes out without Dean even thinking about it, but it feels so much warmer on his tongue. It feels
“Okay, everyone,” Jo mumbled from her place on the bean bag, “everybody out. I wanna fall asleep in an empty apartment in ten, go go go.” She was squinting from how tired she was, and Charlie moved to help her up from the bean bag, moving her towards her bedroom.
“This is Castiel,” she announced, arms outstretched to gesture towards him, “he’s the British exchange student I told you all about!”
“How would you even- never mind, I don’t want you to answer that question,” Jo dismissed. “Charlie, it’s your turn.”
Then it’s Dean’s turn, and he eyed the cards, inspecting them. For a second, he almost convinced himself that he could guess what number was going to be on the other side, if he squinted hard enough. He
The yard at this party, as with the yard at most college parties, had been completely overtaken by smokers. The air was thicker than inside the house, and filled with the smell of weed. He’d never been a regular smoker himself, but he’d leeched other people’s weed enough times to know that it could be super awesome. He wandered down the concrete path until he found a group who seemed approachable. They were all dressed like zombie football players. He was pretty sure they were juniors, from the confident way they held themselves but the lack of last-year ‘fuck it’ energy.
? I still aint got that down perfect yet,” Benny requested. The others nodded, so Dean found the lyric sheet and gave a nod of his own, pulling his guitar over his shoulder as Ash clicked his drumsticks together. He’d written
“If my mom could hear this conversation, she’d turn in her grave,” Jo joked, “and she’s not even dead.”
marathon. Not that I’m opposed, but if she cries I’m gonna mess it up, man. I’m not good with crying girls.”
“A lucky guess,” he mused, moving closer to Dean and not letting go. He passed the spliff over, and their hands grazed slowly as he did so.
“So what are we running through?” Dean asked, leafing through the loose notes he’d left on the old coffee table in Ash’s garage. Last year, they’d simply been a cover band, playing for fun instead of actually trying to get anywhere. Dean and Jo had got to writing over the summer though, and with that came the decision to actually try this music crap for real.
” Dean mumbled, still half-conscious, head full of the fuzzy confusion that comes with interrupted sleep.
On Jo’s turn, she dared Benny to post an underwear selfie on his Instagram- a challenge he took in his stride, and he even forced the rest of them to like the photo once he had posted it.
. Ash gets to pick someone to drink. He regarded the circle with a strange look in his eye, like he was weighing up who he thought deserved to drink the most, whether that be as a punishment or a reward.
It had been a week since the party, and Dean was still going crazy. He and Castiel had continued texting back and forth, a couple of texts each day, but they still hadn’t seen each other since that time in the Buzz. The more days that passed, the more anxious excitement built up inside of Dean. He had no idea when he was going to see Castiel again, and at that, no idea when they’d next be alone together. And now that they were no longer strangers, were the rules still the same? Would they simply be able to pick up where they left off, or would there be other hurdles to overcome? The uncertainties bubbled in his stomach each time he thought about the man.
“How was your summer?” Charlie asked, and Jo answered for the both of them automatically, as she had done every time that question had been asked for the past five years.
the British exchange student. Right, that’s cool, I guess.” With annoyance, he remembered that this meant he now owed Jo twenty bucks. “So you sound like that back over the pond too…?” Dean took one last inhale before he passed the spliff back to the guy. He’d never really smoked cigarettes before, but he had to admit that the tobacco added something good to the smoke. It burnt a little more, but in a good way. And it hadn’t gone out the whole time they’d been talking, which he’d never seen before with a joint.
Dean could sense Benny’s eyes on him from across the room. He knew he’d been zoned out for a couple of minutes, taking the opportunity while Jo tuned her bass up half a step to check his phone, but he’d hoped he hadn’t been so obvious.
“Huh?” Dean said, looking up suddenly from the rim of his coffee cup, which had already been drained of its caramel coffee. “Cool.” He didn’t want to look at Castiel for too long- every time he did, he felt his cheeks heat up and his heart rate quicken.
The Buzz was directly opposite the building their lecture was in, so Dean didn’t need to suffer through much of Charlie making small talk with Castiel, who would always reply eagerly, before he could bury his head in a cup of coffee. They took their usual spot, a four-person table next to one of the large windows. They’d been sat down only seconds when Charlie decided to make this situation even worse for Dean.
“You think I’m any better?” Jo laughs, and Dean nods in affirmation. They both suck at being comforting.
“So if I’ve gotta go to Starbucks, are you gonna tell me what’s got you all sunshines and rainbows this morning?” Jo asked, more direct in her approach this time. Dean deliberately dropped the smile he hadn’t realised he was wearing.
“It’s okay, I’ll do it for you.” He pressed a kiss to Dean’s lips, before leaning back and searching for a lighter. Something twisted in Dean’s gut at that, a years-old shame he couldn’t quite place or define. Something that told him he didn’t deserve to be known, or to be happy. He couldn’t stop himself from ruining it.
Dean was not expecting their faces to be so close together, “I’m lead guitar, and vocals.” And also, if he didn’t look away soon, getting hypnotised by Castiel’s deep blue eyes.
“Well I’m not wearing the wig, that shit is gonna make my head itch all night. I don’t wanna look like I got lice at the first party of the year.”
By the time his fingers had grown tired from playing, and Jo and Charlie were half asleep on each other, slumped in Jo’s yellow bean bag, all the music had sobered Dean up considerably. He hadn’t had the chance to drink much alcohol in the first place, and concentrating on playing had pushed the rest out of his system.
“No, sorry,” he brushed it off, “just a meme, but actually it wasn’t even that funny the more I think about it. Just kinda dumb, it doesn’t matter.”
“Ooookay…” Benny said, turning back around to talk to Ash while they waited for Jo to finish. In his head, Dean yelled at himself for making that situation so much more awkward than it had to be.
“It was good,” she said, “I made a ton of tips, got a lot of practice hours in, and Dean didn’t burn the bar down, so my mom was pretty happy. Sam came to visit a lot, of course, which is always great!”
“Dare,” Jo said without thought. In all the years he had known her, Dean had never seen Jo choose truth.
Next was the crutch, or as Castiel called it, the ‘roach’. He ripped a slip of cardboard from his packet of papers and made an Z shape with it, before rolling the rest of the cardboard around the Z in a circle. He took a paper from the packet, set it on the tray, and put the roach at one end. He took the grinder back from Dean, unscrewed the bottom compartment, and poured the ground-up weed onto the paper. He dipped his hand into the tobacco pouch last, pulling out a small amount and sprinkling it over the weed. Finally, he licked both thumbs, and rubbed his index fingers and his thumbs together, like how old people turn book pages. He picked the unrolled spliff up, placed it between his thumbs and his index fingers, and rolled it up and down until the whole joint became conical. Dean was watching intently, but he still wasn’t sure when exactly it went from loose paper and bud to a perfectly rolled spliff.
Cas is standing near the door, with his suitcase planted next to him. Dean is blocking his way out, talking. They’re about a foot apart still. Close but far.
He really shortens his syllables because of course he does. That’s how Dean talks. Jensen’s got this. He’s an
“I thought hurting you might save you from the Empty,” Dean says. He blinks hard and a wet trail leaves his eyes. “And then it didn’t.”
After about half an hour of inwardly cursing in the dark, he reaches over to the extra table to retrieve his cell phone. It’s
Cas, hidden in half darkness where Dean is lit by the lamp, reaches out to his timer. He fumbles with it, then puts it away.
“I was a bit… short with you, I guess. You kind of reminded me of my friend.” Dean smiles, but it doesn’t reach his eyes. “It’s not your fault you’re not Cas.”
Dean’s Cas sketches are burning holes into his back pocket where he discreetly tucked them before leaving the choir practice space. No way was he was gonna hang those among the others, on the Wall of Defilement. The Christian spank bank.
Dean gets the stink-eye for the full rest of the pose. He gets a few good squiggles down, though. He feels inspired!
Dean sucks in a breath. He shouldn’t be admiring Cas like this, really. But maybe it’s just the artist in him, the Michelangelo in him.
Dean studies Kevin’s face. Where’s he going with this? Maybe he shouldn’t have let the young prophet have whiskey, he clearly can’t handle the hard stuff. Is Kevin… blushing?
But to see Dean just nod shortly at Cas when he turned out alive and well? That was so unlike him. It must’ve been a devastating fight, then, Sam decided. Best to let time heal the wounds.
He looks at Cas’ face, perfectly framed by the soft light of the lamp. A much braver being than he ever will be. An angel who dared to go up against god himself for what he believed to be right.
“It’s Jimmy, actually.” It leaves his mouth before he knows it, and Dean’s outstretched hand stops mid-air. The lopsided smile on his face drops.
“Cas,” Dean repeats, softer now, more hesitant, and Cas briefly wonders if angels can get heart attacks because oh boy, he knows
He closes his eyes and imagines it: the pencil pressing against him, breaching him, sliding into him. How would that feel, Cas fucking him with a pencil? He imagines it brushing against his prostate.
He’s just a Texas man, standing in front of occult ingredients and hoping he got the SPN timezone right.
He slams the script shut, and a separate note drifts out from the pages. Dean reaches down and takes it. The words are handwritten.
, yes, Cas is definitely hard. Dean can feel it - Cas - bumping against him, as Cas moves his hips agonizingly slowly. He’s
against him in slow motion. His dick slides against Dean’s ass, and finally, it awkwardly slips between his cheeks. Still cloth over cloth though. Nothing too queer! In case God is watching.
“It’s dangerous for you here, Jack. The Empty has unfinished business with you. It could… I couldn’t…”
Drawing someone nude is actually kind of like drawing an object, like a car. Like Baby. Extremely similar.
“He told Dean he’d wanted to get in his pants all that time,” John continues, shaking his head. “It just wasn’t right.”
Those blue eyes remind Dean of the way oceans reflect heaven. Who knows what secrets lie there? Who knows what sexuality and gender mean to such ancient beings? Maybe Cas has kissed men before.
There’s only silence after that, silence as they walk to the Impala, silence as they drive home, only silence and glances and hitched breathing and it drives Sam all but crazy.
You were right in front of me. And I couldn’t stop for one second to pull my dumb head out of my idiot ass long enough to see it. We were Harry and Sally, and I’m sorry it took me so long to realise.
He finds some sort of rhythm now, pushing into Cas with long and slow thrusts. He angles his hips so that with each move, the waistband of his boxers slides down further, shifting around his groin. Slowly, the tip of his dick tents the cotton, ducks, then peeks out, glistening above the fabric.
“Receiving a lecture from Richard. Apparently actors aren’t supposed to ‘actually be frenching on set’,” Cas uses one hand to make air quotes.
There’s six men and two women, all above sixty years old. Some have brought only pencils and notebooks, but a few of the oldest men are seated behind actual easels, paint brushes at the ready. Oldschool, cool. Dean can totally dig that.
“But Cas,” he tries a crooked smile, but the words somehow come out bitterly. “You saw how it was. The stuff those delusional fans wrote about you… They’re not…”
“Sixteen,” Dean says, finally looking up. Cas hasn’t moved, hands shaking, shock across his little face.
He cradles Cas’ face in both his hands now, and feels the angel stir. Cas slowly lifts his arms to hold onto Dean’s elbows, almost shyly. As if asking for permission.
This will be a whole lot more fun than working on those demon tablets, back with Kevin and Sam in the bunker. They’ve made very little progress, and Dean’s brain is simply wired for action, not research. Sam is the Stanford wonderboy.
Dean steps closer to the wall. Some students seem to focus on the face, mostly. Others aren’t quite as prudish.
He can’t be making noises like this, damn it. So Dean turns around. Oh god, oh no, now he’s looking right at Cas.
Oh yeah - Richard mentioned something called ‘Carry On’. This must be the wrong episode he’s reading over.
Dean glimpses over his shoulder. He can see Cas shoving his underwear just right over his balls, exposing his hard dick.
They kiss. CARRY ON MY WAYWARD SON starts playing, but it’s the version we know from 10x05 FAN FICTION.
“But I got this feeling that Cas is out there, alive, and Jack’s with him, you know?” Jensen tries to sound reassuring.
That’s it. Claire comparing him to a teenage girl pushed him past his limits. Cas teleports the hell out of there.
It’s not working well, in fact, Cas looks like he’s been stabbed by Dean’s back pocket knife. A PA pours fake blood on Cas’s hand, then quickly rushes off.
His eyes flash over Dean in quick succession, never bothering long with particular parts, while still looking entirely thoughtful. His movements on the paper are swift.
He’s trying to curb his bubbling anger, doing his damndest not to shake all over (can’t wake Cas). Where do those so-called fans get off? Making lame quizzes about his life? Annoying, probably even homophobic little nerds.
“Please, Dean.” Cas sighs so deeply Dean can feel his hot breath land on the tip of his dick. “Please. Can I.”
“Don’t make me read sexist headlines, too, in half an hour, Jensen,” Richard says, shooting him a strange look. “We’re filming you from the chest up, remember.”
Cas places it against his right pec. It’s warm, hard against his skin. It moves over his nipple, and Dean inhales sharply.
Cas cups Dean’s face with both hands, and draws him closer. They are holding each other’s cheeks and it feels like what Dean imagines tapping into grace must feel like. They are so close, so close. So tuned into the other, like touching life’s energy itself.
Dean’s even more lucky, he thinks while watching the lights from the tv shine over the top of Cas’ head.
him, okay. Better yet, don’t even let him leave on that hunt. Have other hunters take care of that one.”
Dean holds his gaze, shoulders tense, trying to breathe through something. And Sam really does want to tell his brother that it’s okay, he can be who he is and he can love who he loves. But the words are stuck in his throat. This is for Dean to tell him, this isn’t something that should be dragged out of anyone before they’re ready.
Cas just stares at him. If there were ever words in the English language, he has forgotten them all. It’s all angel screeching in his head.
There’s not even a spare minute to answer as Dean is whisked away by a scrawny PA and pushed into a tall but wonky folding chair. Another, smaller camera is pointed at it, parked next to a stylish man with a bow tie and side-combed hair.
“Cas,” Dean breathes and the word escapes his lips like an errant butterfly he immediately chases to trap again. Dean throws himself forward and kisses Jimmy Novak on the lips.
“What are you talking about?” Dean looks at Cas, and god, he wishes he could just turn the lights back off and disappear.
Well what? Dean’s sweating. But only because it’s hot in this room. They should lower the A/C. Where’s the A/C.
All that time, and Dean never gave him the credit for being so much stronger than he looks.  At least with clothes on.
Dean’s pretty positive there’s a mosquito in the room, too. Unless his own ears are buzzing from the strain of being so damn still for so long.
Fuck. He’s been going about this all wrong. He needs to make clear to Cas that he’s not here to make fun of him. It’s all business.
Dean lets him. He doesn’t let himself breath, as if filling lungs with oxygen will somehow break the mood they’ve set here
He keeps one eye on Sam just to make sure he doesn’t turn around to catch him taking some fanmade uquiz. Luckily, Sam’s munching popcorn and laughing at the British monarchy jokes coming from the tv.
Cas smiled to himself proudly. It’s well known lore that Chuck created the world in six days and then took a day to nap. Not to brag but it took them only 8 hours to redecorate heaven. After that, Cas quickly got bored though. Even without its barriers, with people mingling all over the place, heaven felt emptier than the Empty.
“Happiness is in being yourself even if you’re rejected by the people you love, Dean,” Cas says, frowning. He seems almost… offended. “My love had no conditions.”
Dean isn’t exactly one to talk about his feelings. But god, Sam hopes Dean doesn’t think Sam would laugh at him if he confided in him.
Dean takes an excruciatingly long time to find his words - Sam almost wants to speak up, but the moment looks so tense that even a cough would sound like a ricocheting pebble in a cave.
“— well, I can take an educated guess.” Jensen smiles. “Thing is, you could have aimed higher, man.”
“Not to mention the elephant in the room, but…”, his brother says, hands planted on his hips and - how dare he - eyes going toward Cas.
Cas’s eyes briefly drop to Dean’s lips, then back up. Good. Up, up. Dean wills his own eyes back up from Cas’s mouth, suddenly aware of their placement there.
He goes through his mental list. There were some quick hookups in there, actually, where he didn’t remove all his clothing. Even if the girl was fully naked.
He fishes his drawings out of the back pocket of the rumpled jeans he tossed on the tiled floor, and flips through them. This is too much. Why did he keep them, like some skeeze?
“So we meet again,” Chuck continues. “A faithless man and God. Why don’t you get on your knees and pray?”
Dean feels like a video game’s life bar filling up, right up to the tip of his ears, which flush with red and heat.
Then, in a flash of inspiration, he reaches into his back pocket. Unfolds the little crumpled note, full of Jensen’s handwriting and a little of his own.
When the men looked up from their instruments, Cas decided then and there he was doing the whole wing reveal against a thunderclap thing. He loved the drama, to be honest. A little divine Plato’s cave for the mortals. And a nice callback to Dean, too.
“Our attendants are all amateur, Christian artists interested in studying the beauty of the human form,” he explains. “That means alternating models frequently.”
there at a concert? Why did Jack put him in charge? The only thing he’d ever organised was a garrison. And a supply closet, once, when he got bored.
Dean jolts backwards, reflexively pushing Cas away from him. Cas’s eyes blow wide open, terror and hurt on his face. Dean feels a twinge of guilt, though he swears he didn’t even shove that hard —
. And then he is caught between that hope and the desperate desire to be the first, and the only person to tell Cas these things, over and over again.
Dean shakes his head to clear it. Okay, this is their actual life and neither of them is gay or even like… remotely interested in the other, so this is a normal adult sleepover situation. He can totally act like a normal adult, Dean thinks as he watches Cas hesitantly sit down on the bed.
Quite the unconventional choir room this is. Is this what those singing choir boys are looking at? Dean smirks.
a particularly well drawn set of boobs, in beautiful charcoal, when a voice interrupts his very artsy and not at all horny thoughts.
“Bla bla, your gay dads are gay, no surprise,” Chuck continues. “But you know what little Dean here said? Oh Dean. Good ol’ John Winchester would be so proud of you.”
Dean very pointedly ignores the fact that he, himself, turned down Sam’s offer to come along with him for this particular case.
Dean spreads Cas further and suddenly his whole finger is inside, and Cas makes another, more urgent, desperate whine. Oh, Dean needs to hear
He shakes John’s extended hand, gripping a little too tight. John narrows his eyes, but doesn’t yelp.
While the next page slowly loads, Cas starts blinking awake, stirring against Dean's arm. Dean quickly fumbles with his phone and — just his luck — it falls on the floor with a loud thump.
He can’t see it but Dean is pretty sure Cas is rolling his eyes so hard the occupants of the room next door are aware.
Despite this perfectly clear re-enactment, Eileen frowns. Sam turns the laptop around so she can watch the frankly embarrassing scene play out live with him.
. Suddenly he’s his dad again, drunkenly coming home. It’s his dad, smelling of brandy as he calls Dean a pansy because he’s crying over
Cas opens the door and squints his eyes. Dean feels pinned like a butterfly to the board. “Is it some sort of witch's curse?”
“Jack! I’m almost finished. I’m waiting for the Harvelles, they’re the only ones with an alcohol permit around here.”
Cas tries to avert his gaze, but Dean raises his hand to Cas’ cheek. Softly he rubs his thumb across Cas’ jaw.
Cas considers Novaking John by putting his hand in a pot of boiling water. Instead, he follows them inside and takes a seat at the table, like a polite human guest. Who would never secretly give John a wedgie with his invisible wings.
Or maybe time had been stopped until this very moment, and only now started running again. Like a heartbeat revived.
There’s no Sam around to complain about the volume. It’s just him, the road, and the most, uh, appealing case he’s had in years.
Enough pep talk. Let’s talk prep. He coats his fingers in lube and uses his other hand to spread Cas further. When his fingertip touches Cas’ rim, Cas jolts forward.
Hm, Dean thinks as he absentmindedly strokes Cas’ hair with his other hand. He’s starting to think this quiz is actually a little weird about homosexuality.
Jensen drops his hand from Cas’s trenchcoat. Cas knew, and he still let Jensen suffer through all that?
Damn it, Cass. Don’t tell me we’re not gonna talk about this because seriously, you can’t drop a bomb like that on me, and Houdini outta here and expect me to not… I did a lot of thinking. I mean, the world was friggin’ empty while you were in the Empty and that was a lot to deal with. Suddenly I had a lot of time to think, you know.
He’s positioned in front of the chair now, one leg drawn up and leaning backwards, hands flatly resting behind him. The leg offers some blessed modesty in the — lap region, at least from Dean’s angle. Cas’ face is turned the other way, exposing the smooth muscled side of his neck.
With his other hand, Cas softly bumps the pencil against Dean’s hole. It’s sharp and quick, a tiny spank of the rubber eraser against tightly wound skin.
Startled, Dean breaks loose from the kiss. He finally notices the wind and chanting have stopped, there’s just Sam and Jack and Crowley and his hands cannot stop holding Cas’ head for some reason and-
Dean frowns and stares into the distance. How’s he gonna explain this? Can’t a man and an angel just be friends? He doesn’t swing that way.
He turns over in the bed. Oh. No, not bed - more like a pillow on the floor with an empty bottle poking into his back.
He allows air to become part of everything. Around him, inside him. Consuming him. It’s almost religious. Divine.
Dean feels the warmth of his tongue against his, and, against all laws of physics, his even warmer hands slipping up the side of his neck to cradle his face.
His eyes track back to Cas’ shoulders, tense with carrying his weight. He didn’t look this strong when Dean dropped by the Gas-n-sip recently.
A small strip of light falls onto his back. Dean inhales but he doesn’t think there’s enough air left in the room to process the sight. Cas is stunning.
Dean presses his lips against Cas’ chest and picks up speed, it’s nothing fancy, just quick and dirty, but Dean knows how to do this part at least. God knows he’s practiced enough on himself. (God knows? God no.)
Normally there’s stunt guys for that! Choreography! Cables to fly them into the air that are “definitely going to look great after special effects are added”.
Dean exhales unsteadily. Are his ears hot? Or is it just Cas’ breath that keeps blowing softly against them, like, almost erotically? And - and worse: the heat being caused by the feel of Cas’ chin nestled in his neck. Something twists tightly in Dean’s lower abdomen.
Dean’s body feels like a glass slowly being filled to the brim with piping hot chocolate. Breathe, he reminds himself, but he’s afraid it’ll steam right out of his nose.
Dean scoffs, but walks over. He sits down, legs spread and elbows leaning on knees. He lets out another shaky breath, absentmindedly rubbing his lips.
“Hello, Dean,” a low voice behind him says, and even though he was expecting it, he really totally wasn’t.
“No, don’t. Don’t do that. This is not about my speech, because I stand by every word, Dean.” Cas takes a step closer. “I mean, I know you don’t see me that way, but…”
But it feels real good not to have any hang-ups whatsoever about this kind of stuff. Thank god he’s outgrown any issues he’d have with showing… closeness. With a bro.
He closes his eyes, feeling Cas’ presence so close, and rubs his thumb along Cas’ jaw toward his ear. He wraps his fingers around Cas’ neck and waits.
make me into a hero. They carved me into a new animal in hell. But the one thing I never dared to admit to anyone - I
“That’s you,” Dean offers, and thank god Cas finally starts blinking again. It was getting a bit too uncanny valley.
Dean immediately feels like the crooked crayon in the box. He never thought he’d feel underdressed in a – wait, what are these called anyway?
Misha lifts one of the empty whiskey bottles and smells it, raising an assertive eyebrow at Jensen. “Rough night?”
Because while Dean is wallowing in self pity, chasing complete annihilation of the self, Sam and Jack dutifully research the Empty. Dean resents them for it, resents himself.
The Empty seems to ripple. It glimmers and expands and retreats, and slowly slips into the face of Meg.
Cas starts carding his fingers through Dean’s hair, and Dean can’t tear his eyes away from the angel. Holy fuck. How are they going to look each other in the eye again without remembering this? Be normal friends? Dean brushes the thought away like a stray hair. Worry ‘bout that later.
Jack put his hand on Cas’s arm in a soothing gesture. Almost… fatherly. What should have been helpful now became confusing to Cas. He’d been a dad to Jack, but now, the kid was God, so technically his, uh,
“Hm. Right,” Sam says, but Dean can hear him thinking and it’s goddamn annoying. “So what, Dean, you used him as bait?”
Then, he walks to his bed, throws his open duffel bag on there, and, back turned to Cas, he lets his towel slip off.
Cas watches Dean briefly melt against her, and he wishes, he wishes, that was him, but Jimmy wouldn’t hug Dean. Though maybe if they become closer because of dinner parties?
Dean nods. God, he hopes she won’t glance at his shit drawings too much. “Right. Michelangelo. Donatello. Raphael. I’m into all that.”
He stumbles to the door and unlocks it. There, smiling up at him surrounded by an ungodly amount of sunlight, is Misha.
, but she did the task regardless, taking gulps of Charlie’s vodka cranberry, Benny and Andrea’s gin, then Ash’s PBR, Dean’s whiskey, and finally Castiel’s screwdriver. After the last gulp, she took a bow. “You doubt my talents,” she laughed.
to, but now that he knew they were pretending it didn’t happen at all, all Dean wanted was some semblance of acknowledgement. His head was all kinds of messed up.
“Say it again,” Castiel said, nipping further up at Dean’s jaw as his thumb continued working over Dean’s nipple.
Dean couldn’t decide if the night’s plans got better or worse when Charlie informed him that she’d invited “the clumsy guy from our class”. On one hand, he was going to be able to spend a night with Castiel and alcohol again. On the other… all of his friends were going to be there, inescapable. Unless he wanted a very spontaneous coming out party, there was no way he was going to be able to fool around with Castiel that night.
“Never in a million years am I gonna be able to learn how to do that,” Dean sighed, and Castiel laughed.
“Been thinking about this all day,” Castiel sighed between kisses, “no, fuck- all week. Ever since the second you left the back garden.” One of Dean’s hands came up to slide around Castiel’s waist, pulling their lower halves closer together. “The thought of you has been driving me insane.”
“Castiel,” Charlie called back, “I’m gonna stay here tonight, to look after Jo. Will you be able to get home okay?”
“Nonsense, I’ve made a fool of myself on these stairs loads of times. One time, my shoelace got caught in a loose bit of metal, and it tore clean off! I had to do the rest of my day with one shoe lace-less!” Dean remembered the day well- Charlie had spent a good half an hour trying to convince him to sacrifice his own shoelace for her sake. He, of course, had refused. “I know what will make you feel better. Me and my buddy were gonna go for coffee, you should come with! And keep in mind I do not take no for an answer.”
, the lecture ended. Dean thanked whatever God might be out there, because he was sure that had he been forced to sit through another minute of a cinematography lecture, he would have gone insane. The students filed out quickly, with only Charlie holding Dean up- she’d dropped her pencil case at some point, and hadn’t bothered to fish it out from under the chair in front until that moment. Out of the corner of his eye, Dean watched as a guy walked from the seats behind them, skipping quickly down the stairs. He missed a step, stumbled, and fell on to his ass in the middle of the lecture theatre.
before the rest of them were cheering, drunk off their faces on either alcohol or excitement, screaming the lyrics to
“This is yours,” she smiled, draping it over him like a second blanket, “you should get dressed before Jo gets here, she told me if you weren’t awake by then she’d dump the coffee on your head.
“Process of elimination,” he decided quickly. “Can’t be Jo, she’s basically my sister,” Jo looked relieved to have been discarded. “Benny, sorry man, you’re just too butch for me.” Benny mocked offense before chuckling, and Ash looked to Dean with a strange confusion in his eyes. “Ash, no offence dude but when was the last time you washed that shirt? Gotta be… myself.” Dean smirked, having successfully ‘outsmarted’ the game. The others, except Castiel, groaned in annoyance.
regretting the moment he gave Charlie and Jo “emergency” keys to his apartment. He knew there was no fire, extreme injury, or other situation requiring his immediate attention when he heard his front door bang against the wall, and Charlie yell “
Dean moved in to the Harvelle’s near the end of high school, when his father kicked him out for the last time. He’d hidden his college applications for as long as he could, but eventually it had been time to tell his dad about his plans. He wasn’t even going far- the University of Kansas is only a half hour drive away from Topeka, where they’d moved after their mom’s death. He’d applied there on purpose, with the hope that John wouldn’t be too angry if Dean wasn’t really leaving. But of course, it wasn’t really college he cared about- it was losing that control over Dean. For John, it was all or nothing- he had a son who lived under his thumb, or he didn’t have a son at all.
“God, nobody’s got anything like this back home,” Castiel sighed, running his palm along the outside of the car. “Everyone’s just got the cheapest Fiat or old Ford Fiesta. This is…”
. His dark brown hair was pushed back in just the right way, and his soft face and blue eyes caught his attention immediately. Dean’s stomach flipped at the sight, and he took a deep breath to try and quieten the young teenage emotions this stranger was bringing to the surface.
“They broke up?” Dean asked, a wince in his voice. Charlie had seemed super in to Ella, the last time he’d seen them. If they’d broken up, she likely wasn’t taking it too well. Jo nodded, her face matching Dean’s voice. “Oh god,” he continued, “She’s gonna want a
over and over on an endless loop. And when he was spent, and he returned the favour, he knew exactly how much pleasure he was giving Castiel, felt the pride that came with making another man come while he yelled Dean’s name. It was like nothing he’d ever experienced before, and he thought he may die if he could never capture it again.
“Right on the nose. How’d you know?” Dean asked, and his heart lept in to his throat when Castiel reached out his spare hand, the one not holding the spliff, and grabbed hold of the collar of his leather jacket.
Jo counted down, and they all began to drink. Jo was a heavyweight, what with growing up in a bar, so by the time she stopped drinking Dean was feeling his limit approach rapidly. She stopped, and Ash dropped his drink instantly, with Dean continuing for a moment before stopping himself. Benny, however, took the opportunity to show off- he continued chugging for a good ten seconds, and Dean could see Andrea start to struggle. Charlie seemed okay for the moment, but there was only so much vodka cran one girl could chug.
He hadn’t played the song in years, but the notes and the lyrics came to him like a second language. He didn’t even need to think about it, working on muscle memory alone to pull the music from nothing. As he played, Castiel watched him intently, eyes flickering between his fingers on the fretboard and his mouth singing the lyrics. As he reached the chorus, Jo began to sing with him, and the two finished the song together.
“You’ll have to wait and see. In the meantime, I’m gonna change in your bathroom. Eat your muffin fast, or I’ll eat it for you.”
“Oh. That’s how they’re rolled in England.” Dean looked at the guy with one eyebrow raised. Was he for real?
“Dude, you okay?” Dean laughed, a sound that caught in his throat when the guy turned around, and he saw his face-
“There’s tobacco in it.” Dean said, and eyed the ‘joint’ with suspicion. He could smoke a spliff easily, but he’d much prefer to know about it first. He took another toke just to make sure.
“Know yours,” she said, pointing to Dean, “mocha,” she pointed to herself, “and for you…” she pointed to Castiel at this, who scratched his jaw lightly. He’d grown some stubble since the party, where he’d been clean-shaven.
“A greenhouse, judging by the smell,” Charlie joked, and rolled her eyes when she saw the disappointment on his face. “C’mon Shaggy, let’s get you home.” He wasn’t going to tell her the real reason for his dismay. He wasn’t sure he ever would.
That brought them to the person who’s turn filled him with the most anxiety- Castiel. He hadn’t moved from beside Dean, and his fingertips were now tracing light shapes on the back of his neck, fingers winding lightly in the back of his hair. Every movement was so small, so slight as to not draw attention, but it had Dean biting his lip in an effort not to squirm. Castiel’s hands were still so cool on his skin.
Dean only wished he could have taken Sam with him. He still sees him- Topeka is so close he can pick the kid up whenever he wanted, and Sam could always get a Greyhound if he could scrounge up the money. They were practically neighbours.
They passed the joint back and forth for a few minutes, letting a song Dean vaguely recognized play all the way through before either one spoke up again. “What band is this? This song?”
I can’t wait to see you later. Does Jo’s flat have any dark, secluded corners, or will we be tortured the entire evening?
He got to Jo’s apartment three minutes after she’d told everyone to, knowing he’d be the earliest one there.
“Oh!” Charlie exclaimed, “Before you go, are you two coming to the welcome back party on Saturday? It’s being hosted by some seniors, but it’s open to everyone. I figured it could be a good send-off to the summer.” Jo seems to weigh this up for a moment, scrunching up her face in thought, before nodding decisively.
He could hear a different kind of music emanating from the bottom of the garden, around the end of the house. He smoked the juniors’ joint until he was supposed to pass, and made his excuses to leave the circle. He wanted to get high, but he couldn’t bear to be treated like a little kid while he did it. He walked further down the path, towards where the music was coming from, expecting to see yet another group that he could try his chances with. To his surprise, the only person down there was a brown-haired guy, leaning against a wall and smoking on his own, Bluetooth speaker at his feet. True to the costume theme, he was dressed in armour and chain mail with a fake sword at his side, like Leonardo DiCaprio in
“Never seen anyone do this before,” he mumbled, “kinda forgot it was part of the process.” He looked at the things Castiel had collected from the other side of the room- a baggie of weed, of course, a tobacco pouch, and a small round green tin that he wasn’t sure of the purpose of. It had a little Union Jack carved in the top, which made Dean laugh.
As he finished the guitar part of the song, the others clapped and whooped. Truth or Dare forgotten, they began to prompt Dean to play songs they all knew all the words to- they went through a whole show of
“Hmm…” Ash thought, looking around the circle for a moment, before deciding on, “Jo. Truth or dare?”
They walked to Dean’s car in silence, which Castiel broke once he realised which vehicle they were approaching.
“It must be so exciting, getting to see all over the world like that,” the brunette sighed, one hand stroking up and down his arm, finger curled and tracing lazy circles on his sleeve, “and to use your spare time to help other people get as fit as you- it’s
“Did it all go okay with the ID?” Charlie asked, picking up her vodka bottle to examine it. Since he’d known her, Charlie had always insisted on a specific brand of vodka- and this night was no exception. He’d bought her a different brand once, and she’d looked at him with puppy eyes until he exchanged it. According to her, the little gay bottles “
“You look great, Charlie,” he says instead. He knows it’s the right choice when the smile on her face only grows.
“Hey, you guys having a good time? Someone just threw up in a vase inside, so I’m coming out here to escape.” It wasn’t technically a lie. They all turned to him with squinting eyes and smiles on their faces.
Dean liked to think of himself as a pretty strong-willed guy, but there was no way he could have refused that face.
“Cappuccino with sugar,” Castiel smiled. He tried to pull money from his pocket, but Charlie shook her head, walking away before he could give her any.
It all came to a head when Jo decided that one week since their last party was too long, and so she invited everyone round to her apartment. It was to be a much smaller affair than the previous Saturday, and Andrea had made them all swear that there would be no drinking games,
Benny quickly moved over to comfort his girlfriend, and Jo started dialling for a taxi so he could take her home. By the time it got there, Charlie had become distracted by a blue-haired girl at the other end of the room, and had convinced Jo to be her wing woman. Ash, Dean quickly realised, had disappeared completely, and so he was sitting alone with the puke vase. He stood up, decisively
The obvious target for Castiel’s turn was Charlie- she was the only person playing, apart from Castiel, who hadn’t yet completed a challenge. He ignored this though, turning instead to Dean.
“You still want that joint? Because if so, I’m going to have to get up to roll it.” Dean wrapped his arms around Castiel’s waist at that.
at the top of his lungs. It had become a staple of their nights in, and yet every time she would pretend it was something she had only just thought up.
“You’ve gotta wear it! We’re all going to match!” she called back, before adding “Jo’s buying the booze, but she won’t let you drink any if you don’t wear it.” He sighed and pulled the dumb toga over his head. He didn’t have time to find his fake ID and drive to the store and back before the party, especially not if the girls were wanting to pregame at his apartment. Pregaming was serious business to them, especially Jo- if she wasn’t feeling dizzy before they’d even left for the party, she hadn’t drunk enough.
looking in the vase, and shook his head before he walked out the kitchen door and into the back yard. He was still only just tipsy, and if he wasn’t going to get drunk with his friends, he decided he might as well try and get stoned with strangers.
“Whoever’s vase that is is gonna be pissed,” he chimed in, and he badly stifled a smile as Jo rolled her eyes at him.
“Oh shit, Andrea I’m sorry,” Jo apologised profusely, rubbing her back with her hand as she leaned over the vase. “I forgot you were drinking that, I wouldn’t have gone for so long if-”
“More than okay,” Dean breathed, snaking an arm of his own around Castiel’s waist, the chain mail cold under his hand. Castiel’s face inched closer to his, everything going both too slowly and so quickly all at once, and soon they were kissing, pressed together against the wall, Castiel’s hand gripping at Dean’s side as their lips moved together.
and everything, but an offline vacation sounds super boring,” Charlie laughed, Dean joining in when Jo made a snoring noise to accentuate the point. “I mean, I think I’d go insane without something to scroll for a whole
Dean’s brain stalled for a second before he finally spat out “pomeranian”, and the others looked at him with confusion. He didn’t know why it was the first dog to come to mind either.
“Okay, okay, no wig,” she relented, voice much closer now. She pushed his door open slowly, giving him chance to tell her to stop should he not be dressed. She looked at him for a second before smirking. “Your hair’s getting a little long anyway, you can almost pass for Jesus without the wig.” Dean rolled his eyes at her, before stopping to take in her costume. Her entire outfit was red- from her converse and jeans to the horns on her headband.
“Well,” Castiel started to explain, doing each action as he spoke about them, “first you put how much weed you want in the grinder.” He opened the little green tin as he said this, and Dean could see all the spokes inside that must be used to tear up the weed. True to his word, Castiel placed weed between the spokes, before closing the lid again. “Then you hold the grinder in two hands, and twist your hands in opposite directions to grind the weed,” he explained, twisting his hands as he talked. He handed the grinder over to Dean, and Dean did his best to mimic the action Castiel had just done.
