Steve feels like he's missed something. "Sure, why not?' He thinks about it. He tries to think of any possible objection Iron Man might have, and can only come up with one angle. "Look, I won't boo the Yankees, if that's a problem for you."
Jan poked one of his belt pouches with a gloved finger. "I know you're from the forties, Cap, but I also know for a fact that one of these pouches has a cell phone in it."
. "Leave him alone!" Steve barked out. "And while you're at it, leave everyone else alone. This is your last warning. Surrender now, or you'll regret the consequences."
. "The invitation said nine. I already asked Happy to pick me up from here at 8:30, so if you want to meet me out front then...?"
"It was supposed to be impossible," Tony continues. "I was the only one. The disease never lets you fall for a dead man. And you were dead, we all thought you were dead, and I never knew how any of this could be happening."
The endearment sparked something hot and soft inside Tony, and he wanted to thank Steve, but he couldn't think of the right words. And then Steve's fingertips brushed against his cheek, and that was
Steve didn't think this meant Tiberius was a Skrull. Even though Steve had never been good enough to consistently spot a Skrull, the Skrulls were better at not letting anything slip. Their highest priority was not getting caught. No, this was all human, and this was definitely not right.
And if Steve's lonely thoughts, late at night, sometimes turn to the fantasy of unlatching Iron Man's armor, slowly, piece by piece, running his hands and mouth over the mysterious man who lies beneath the metal -- well, he can hardly be faulted for that, can he? The ice didn't freeze all desire out of him. He may be Captain America, but he's still a man.
But Mr. Stark waves him away. There's another bandage on the back of his hand. "It's all right. It was an accident. Nothing to do with you." He smiles again, a strange, haunted half-smile. "Besides, Iron Man is more important than me, any day of the week."
When the spasms finally stop, he washes out his mouth and starts to shove the blossoms down the garbage disposal, which is when a red-gloved hand lands gently on his arm, which is a bad idea for a number of reasons. Steve shouldn't be touching him. He'll feel the chestplate. Maybe it doesn't matter if Steve feels the chestplate. Tony will be dead anyway, soon enough.
Steve realizes he sounds far too panicked than he should for such a simple question, but his mind is rapidly filling with scenarios of how awkward that would be. He can't ask Iron Man's boss, a titan of industry with far better things to do than cater to Steve's every whim, to interrupt his own breakfast to call Iron Man up here just so Steve can ask him
Tony took the deepest breath he could, ragged and harsh. "Steve," he forced out, and his voice was barely more than air, and Steve looked up instantly.
," Tony said, with a sincerity he thought he must have picked up from Steve himself, and Steve went even redder. "Don't ever change."
He closed the phone and turned around, finding that Tony had not only not moved an inch, he was staring at him with a faint smile that suggested he had definitely been enjoying the view. Steve was very aware of his own nudity in a way that was somehow exciting and vulnerable at the same time.
, which is confirmed as Iron Man keeps talking. "I-- I loved him. I still miss him. But I don't want to be like him, and I'm scared that I would be."
Tony's eyes followed the slide of Steve's hand, and when Steve stopped, Tony's gaze slid slowly back up Steve's body. Tony wasn't ogling him in any obvious way -- nothing so blatant as the way Steve had been eyeing the very visible signs of Tony's arousal -- but the focused intensity of it, the passion in his eyes, spoke to the fact that Tony was definitely appreciating him thoroughly. Steve felt hot all over, in an entirely more pleasant way this time.
If Steve hadn't been half out of his mind with worry for Tony, his attention focused on the rasping breaths in his earpiece, on the wobbly gleam of metal every so often in his peripheral vision, he would have been sharper. His shield would have been up. He would have been ready for anything.
He strode over to his bedroom and set the shield down in its usual spot, next to the bed. It would still be fairly accessible to him even if he successfully managed to convince Tony to take his bed tonight and leave him the couch, which he was hoping he could do. And Tony might find it reassuring. A place had to be secure if Steve was willing to be separated a little from his shield.
"I'm offering," Tony said, with a still-weary smile, "because I love you to pieces even if you did kind of fuck this one up, sweetheart. Also, it's a lot better than the other option."
!" Tony snarls, and he's on his feet, he's yelling now, stabbing a finger in Stephen's direction. "All you were supposed to do was make him forget about the Illuminati's little problem.
A rattling noise echoes from within Iron Man's helmet; it's another laugh. "Blank checks are dangerous, Winghead. That could be a hell of a long time."
." There was a very, very small smile on his face. The smile of a victor. "So I'm asking you if you have reason to think that Mr. Stark believes I'm defaming him. It's a simple question. Why are you here, Captain? Did he ask you to come? He didn't, did he? Because he doesn't believe I'm doing anything wrong. Isn't that right?"
But Tony just shrugged. "I didn't say I wasn't scared," he said, in a voice that had clearly been precisely calculated to sound nonchalant when he had to be anything but. "I am. But I think, in the end, it'll be okay. My name has been dragged through the mud so many times, over the years. No thanks to you." He tilted his head up. He was defiant. He was-- he was
Tony had asked him a question. Steve's mouth was open. He couldn't make himself speak. He just nodded, a twitchy little movement.
Putting his cup down, Mr. Stark presses his palms together in supplication. "You don't have to go, W-- Captain. I don't bite."
He flipped the phone open, found Tony in his contacts, and -- it was a little tricky with gloves on -- laboriously pecked out a message using the number pad:
, because Tony obviously still didn't return his feelings -- but that didn't matter anymore. That wasn't important. Steve could deal with it. Tony probably wasn't going to feel up to dating anyone at all for a long time, anyway. And as long as his future lover didn't hurt him like this, it didn't matter who it was. The important part was that now Tony
"You can," Steve said, softly. He offered Tony a smile. "Whatever you want, you can have it. I'm positive I'm going to enjoy it. You just have to tell me what you want."
Okay. Well, then. That was an extremely interesting fact that Tony was definitely going to have to remember for later. "
During the fourth or fifth episode that Iron Man puts on, Steve's eyes start to fall shut just as a man is slapping another man in the face with a large trout. He can feel himself start to list to the side, his cheek pressing against Iron Man's metal shoulder.
"It's not--" Steve lifts a hand and waves it vaguely around-- "like that. You've got nice thighs. I just thought you'd be a comfy pillow."
, "that since Wanda always works well with Pietro, we should just take the easy way out and-- Cap, are you even listening to me?"
. He knew me, and he hated me. He hated me the entire time. He wanted me dead. And-- and what does it say about me, huh? What does it say about me that someone knows me that well, takes a good look at me, and decides I don't even deserve to live?"
"Yeah," Steve says, finally. "Me and Iron Man." Because what else is there to say, really? "We're together."
Tony's eyes were wide open, and he swung upright, turning so he could see Steve's laptop as Steve hurriedly opened Netscape and clicked his bookmark for the Daily Bugle's site.
"Not really sure how it goes," Steve admitted. "Didn't really let myself get very far." He tried a smile. "Maybe I could use some suggestions."
Tony could feel himself trying to smile. "I know. But I want to tell you. You should know who-- who I am. I want you to know. It's important."
And Steve's in here, alone, in restraints. SHIELD brought them in, special. They're restraints that will hold even him, because SHIELD already learned that lesson, recently, in the worst way possible. Though, really, it could have been a lot worse. Steve only bit Blade. He was fine. The guy was already a vampire, apparently.
"Dealer's choice," Steve said. "I make a heck of a lot of noise. Especially if you're hitting hard." He grinned again. "Which you could probably have guessed, what with the sparring and the years of combat. I'm not the best at stealth."
Steve nods. His face is still against the armor. "Yeah, sure. Of course." He steps back. He rests his hands on Tony's biceps, even though Tony can't feel it. "One question, though."
, Tony wanted to say. Steve hadn't been there when Tony was sobering up. Steve hadn't been the one who held him when he cried. And in the end Beth hadn't been able to handle being with him after all, had she? So what were the chances that Steve could?
. Tiberius Stone, who had known Steve for a grand total of fewer than five minutes, had somehow figured out exactly what Tony was to Steve. He knew what Steve felt for Tony. He knew, and Tony didn't. And he definitely wasn't going to tell Tony about it.
, and everything else miserable that's ever happened to Tony. He knows that sometimes he's been the cause of it. He tries not to be. He's always tried not to be.
Steve remembered the look of horror on Tony's face, last night, when he'd told him Tiberius had figured out Steve had feelings for Tony. Tony had learned all of this last night, and Steve hadn't learned it until right now. Tony had known that Tiberius had known about
"That sounds swell," Steve says, and he can't stop smiling, and when Iron Man looks back at him, almost shyly, the edges of his eyes are crinkled like he's smiling too. He must be. "
But Dane had been Thor's initial guess, and maybe that meant something. Hell, the guy even had a good reason to own a riding crop. They'd known each other a while and Tony hadn't really thought Dane had a secret crush on him... but maybe he was really good at keeping a secret. Plus, the guy had his own castle. He wore full plate armor of his own volition. Surely a guy like that could have something kinky going on; wasn't Tony himself proof of that? It took a certain kind of person to want to walk around in armor. You had to be a little bit weird. And, hey, Dane already liked metal, so maybe he liked vibranium.
"Mmm," Tony said, with a teasing smile. "So it's not gay porn, huh?" He was clearly trying to make Steve blush again.
would be, these days. "You don't have to work for Mr. Stark if you're just doing it for the paycheck. I can help you out. I can make your life easier, if you'll let me."
Underneath Tony's desk it's cool and dark, another safe place; Steve's boxed in on five of six sides. Tony's put a cushioning mat down, and Steve's grateful for Tony's thoughtfulness even as he knows he could do this perfectly well without it.
He's pretty sure he knows what the answer is. He's had more practice taking Tony out of his armor -- for both professional and prurient reasons -- but he knows enough to be able to figure out how to do it in reverse. He can put the armor on Tony. Of course, that will be time that Steve can't use to get his own uniform on, but that can't be helped.
"You like that, don't you?" Steve asked, whispering the question against the curve of Tony's lips. He felt a little silly asking when the answer was so obviously yes, but at the same time it was nice to know he was doing something right, when he'd never done this before.
There was joy and gratitude in Tony's eyes, as the kiss ended, and Steve wondered how many people Tony hadn't even gotten this much from, over the years.
He thinks Iron Man might feel better if he did talk about it, but that's not Steve's decision to make. All Steve can do is work with what he has.
He hadn't had five separate major fallings-out with Sam, either, so maybe there was something to be said for that approach.
Steve felt his mouth curving into a smile -- nothing was funny, he was just scared -- and it was Tony's concern to stare at him in confusion. Steve couldn't hold back a nervous chuckle.
Tony opened his mouth like he wanted to object, but then he closed his mouth and nodded, an exhausted droop of his head. "Okay."
Tony's smile came back, a flash of hope. "You're a gentleman." He could see it in Tony's eyes: the relief that Steve wasn't going to be like Tiberius.
." Tony's voice is imploring, passionate. "I still do. But for me, living's not the same thing as... just not dying. I wanted to make my life count. So I signed on to our little outfit. And it just so happens that I was lucky enough to have a few years of reprieve. Would I have had more if I'd never been Iron Man? If I'd never gotten clocked so many times in the head, if I'd never been exposed to magic and gods and alien technology and God knows what else? Did any of that cause this? Did being a superhero make it come back somehow? No one knows. No one can know. But I don't regret it. I can't. And if someone had told me, if Fate had told me back then that I'd only get three more years because of this, because of being Iron Man, I'd still have done it. I'd do it again. In a heartbeat. I'm glad I did it. This is how I want to live. This is me."
He dodged Carol's first two jabs, and when the third went high, he ducked in, came up, and hit back, a solid right cross to her midsection at what was about half strength for him. It would probably have stopped an ordinary human, or at least slowed them down, but hitting Carol was a lot like hitting a heavy bag if the heavy bag also laughed and made Army versus Air Force jokes in between punches. She was
Oh, that was why Tony was surprised. Steve supposed that it was one thing to know that Steve was attracted to Tony, personally, and another to know that it wasn't some kind of one-off, that Steve was really attracted to men. Independent confirmation, as it were. Tony seemed to be a fan of that concept.
Steve knows, looking at him, that they're already on, because Tony's standing there in slippers and silken pajamas. The scarlet robe wrapped around him is monogrammed on the breast: AES. Tony hates being called Anthony. It's a luxurious outfit, something one would expect from the idle rich, lounging about on their leisurely mornings. If Steve touched it, it would be soft, satiny; it probably has a thread count higher than Steve could ever guess.
There was a delicate pause. "Just one question first," Tony said. "About my previous sentence. Involving the word
"Oh, yeah?" Tony said. The repulsors were at 85% charge and rising. Time to see if he could bait Mordo into a good lengthy monologue. "Try me."
It's a relatively recent picture, taken here in this very room. If Tony has to guess, it's probably from the party they threw after they brought Jan back to this dimension. They're both in uniform, but Steve has his cowl pulled back and Tony has his faceplate pushed up. Steve has his arm over Tony's shoulders, and he's dragged their faces together for a selfie. They're both smiling. Tony is smiling at the camera. Steve is smiling at... him.
The helmet tilted as Tony looked him up and down. "You know," he said, "not a lot of people wear red cavalier boots. Just saying." There was amusement in his voice.
Tony groans again as Steve pushes his fingers into the mass of tension that is the back of Tony's neck, a thumb on either side of his spine. Tony was right when he said he needed help here. It's maybe worse than the actual bullet wound in his back.
This time Tony doesn't move his hand away. He just keeps petting Steve's head, soft and rhythmic. Steve realizes that he's barely even hard anymore, himself. He's just a thing for Tony. He's not a person. He doesn't have to be a person right now. He doesn't have to be a soldier. He doesn't have to give orders. Something inside him shakes loose, a rusty lock opening, setting something free.
Tony smiled again and nodded. "You sure are." He looked up at Steve, and by then, thankfully, Steve had managed to compose his expression. "Anything in particular you want me to read? The beginning? Favorite passage?"
"Steve." Iron Man's voice is sad again, trembling even through the vocal filters, and Steve's heart starts to sink. "Steve, I-- I can't-- my identity-- my-- my
They knew he was Tony Stark, so they always wanted him for his genius. They wanted the weapons he'd stopped making years ago. Of course they did.
"You're a real swell guy, Mr. Stark," Steve starts to say, and he feels horribly guilty as he watches Mr. Stark's face fall, "and I like you a lot. It was nice of you to ask me. I'm sure we'd have a good time together. But I-- I've got my eye on someone else. I was thinking of asking them out. And I don't think it's fair to you for me to go out with you when I'm already thinking about someone else, you know?" He pauses. Mr. Stark is trying to hide his emotions behind a brave face, but there's sorrow in his eyes now. "You shouldn't have to settle for that. You deserve someone who wants
Something about the joke is forced. Steve knows Iron Man likes to make him laugh, but the way he says it -- it sounds like he thinks Steve really
The computer that Ghost is sitting at chimes quietly. The window with the progress bar in it has closed. Ghost turns, obviously taking in the results, and then he stands up.
The doors open. The lights are dim; the red glow of the emergency exit signs is the brightest thing in the room. This floor is a maze of filing cabinets and hastily-abandoned cubicles. The stairwell in the far corner is visible from here. Steve steps forward, and then reconsiders, turns, and gently tugs Tony out of the elevator by his wrist before the doors can close.
Tony sat back down, though he didn't pick up his newspaper again; he studied Steve with interest as Steve dipped a corner of the bread in one of the yolks, then took a bite.
He was still holding Tony's wrist. Hastily, he let go, and after a second or two Tony lifted his arm off Steve's shoulder. Tony didn't move away, though, so they were still sitting next to each other, Tony's thigh pressed against his. That was okay, Steve thought. He could handle that. This was about how tight the passenger section of the Quinjet usually got with a full team and Tony in full armor. He could manage.
So, long story short, nobody told him how Tony was doing, and instead they strapped him into restraints, and two hours later he's here, alone, while next door Tony could be
"Steve," Tony interrupted. He didn't know what to say but, God, he had to, he had to tell him right now. "Steve, I--"
Tony meets Steve's eyes, his gaze both imploring and uncertain. "Steve?" he asks, his voice almost too soft for even Steve to hear. "Steve, could you--?" His voice trembles; he's afraid to ask, because right now he can't stand up in either the physical or emotional sense, and he doesn't want Steve to tell him no, because he knows he can't take hearing it. "I mean, would you-- would you mind...?"
It was hard to say what was wrong in words; Steve didn't know if there were words for it. Tiberius' smile stayed a little too long, was a little too perfect, a little too poised. It was a put-on. And it didn't feel like a put-on the same way that even Steve might force a smile for the cameras. The whole thing felt like a façade. Like he'd learned how to be a person by mimicry, and like whatever was underneath was so well-hidden that it was terrifying.
Steve knew exactly what Tiberius was doing, and he was going to try his damndest not to let him get away with it.
"April 13," Steve says, like it's obvious. "Friday," he adds, like he thinks that's what Tony's asking. He smiles a polite little smile, the helpful one he gives strangers, and if Tony's heart weren't already broken, it would be now.
"Just figuring out the lay of the land," Steve said, which was true enough. He realized his other hand had come to rest on Tony's hip, an inch or so from the hem of the t-shirt Tony was still wearing. "I have a question, though. How far up does the no-go zone start?"
"Can you--" Tony began again. He cleared his throat. "I'd, uh. I'd really like to see you. If you'd like that."
"I think straight men are allowed to like that book too," he said, to be fair to Tony. It hadn't been a bad thing to guess; it just happened to be wrong. "I just wouldn't know, myself, what straight men think. I'm not one of them." It was getting easier to say, now that he was saying it again. "I did mean it when I said it was worth reading. It's a good book. Artistic."
His face is hot. He knows he doesn't have even a tenth of Tony Stark's charm. How can he hope to compete with Tony Stark, famed playboy? He can't quite believe he actually said it.
"Here," he said. "I've got a friend who swears by helmets, for keeping his secret identity a secret." He couldn't stop the smile that danced around the corners of his mouth. "Maybe you know him. He's a real smart fella. Nice guy, too."
The only bright spot was that on Friday morning Steve could finally take the splint off and start to use his hand again. But ten minutes after that that was also when the journalists had started besieging the Avengers with cries for Iron Man's resignation. Steve ignored them. Jan ignored them. They weren't beholden to the public, no one else got any input on the team roster, and anything they could say right now, any snap response, would just fan the flames. He and Jan could draft a PR statement, but it was important to get it right. They could take a little time. Surely they had a little time before they had to act.
At least Tony thinks he can armor up by himself. He's not okay, no -- but then, Steve already knew he wasn't. He shouldn't be disappointed. Everything in him is sinking. But he should be expecting this. Tony's not okay, but he's doing the best he can.
," Tony says, fervently, and Steve's hand tightens on Tony's hip, and Tony is pinned by so much of Steve, by his hands and his massive cock, and it's perfect.
Monty Python turns out to be a comedy television show. Iron Man insists that one of the movies, the one about King Arthur, is even better than the show, but Steve privately thinks that it's just that Iron Man really wants to be a knight. And honestly, Steve doesn't really care what they watch as long as Iron Man keeps his arm around him. But whatever this is, it's at least funny, and he likes when Iron Man laughs and holds him a little tighter. He's not sure Iron Man knows he's doing it.
"Probably not," Tony agreed, but he sure didn't sound like he was going to stop. "Anyway. So my armor, which thought it was in love with me and which was also insanely jealous, decided that if it couldn't have me, no one was going to either. It was going to be a better Iron Man than I was. You know, the usual. So it flew me to a desert island and was trying to kill me. That was when I had the second heart attack." He gestured at his chest. "And that's when this happened."
Steve glances over. Tony is shaking where he stands. The armor is trembling. Oh, no. Tony has to hold together. He has to be better than this. But right now, Steve's not sure he can be.
"Well, that way I wouldn't have lost so many hands of poker to you, at least," Steve admitted. "But... no, I can't lie to you. At all. Ever. About anything." He was all too aware of how much the phrase
If it means that much to Iron Man that Steve compliments him, that's definitely a good sign, he thinks, and then, out of nowhere, the thought hits him:
"And you think that's what he's doing to me," Tony said. His voice was flat. Steve couldn't tell if he'd convinced him or not. "You think that's what he's doing, and I'm not seeing it."
Accusingly, Tony looked down at himself. His cock was already well on the way to being on-board with this idea; his hard-on was definitely visible even with his pants on, the shape of his cock pressing against the fabric, starting to dampen his underwear.
Steve wouldn't say he's afraid, precisely. After all, he was right there on Omaha Beach for D-Day, two years and a lifetime ago. But as he stares at the empty Google search bar on the laptop computer screen, he's willing to admit to a certain amount of... trepidation, churning in his stomach.
it. I can't, um. I can't... finish... without it," he admitted, and his face was even redder. "I can think about it and sometimes that's enough, but that only works for so long. And I-- I need you to want it too. Not just to make me happy. That won't work either."
Steve supposes that Mr. Stark needs his driver and his bodyguard at Stark Industries tomorrow. It makes sense; he's a busy man. Still, it doesn't mean that Steve, imperfect and human as he is, doesn't feel the slightest twinge of jealousy: he wants to spend as much time with Iron Man as he possibly can.
Slinging his shield on his back, he hurried across the room to Tony's side. Neither Tony nor Tiberius moved; they were definitely unconscious. But as Steve got a better look at both of them, he realized that Tony's eyes were open, sightless; one eye was shaded by some kind of visor. He glanced over at Tiberius. His were open, too. Same visor.
. I know I'm fortunate. I know I'm lucky. I know that through an accident of birth, I grew up never having to wonder where my next meal would come from or whether I'd have a roof over my head. I took all that for granted. And then I lost it all, and I didn't even have that. And I'm not taking it for granted again." And that, Steve knew, was what made the difference. Tony knew what it was like, after all. "I don't want anyone else to live like that. Anyone." He smiled a very small smile. "And especially not you. Because, God, Steve. It was always you. Always. I loved you first."
As Steve rocks to one side, pain pours through him. With every movement, it increases. He can hardly think. He grits his teeth. But he's half an inch clear of Ghost, and that's going to have to be enough.
"That's different," Steve said, but he couldn't explain how. He wasn't good at this kind of reasoning. He wasn't Tony.
"He's spoiling me, Jan," Tony mumbled, half-asleep. "But you can't have him. I'm not sharing. Get your own. This one's mine."
He didn't regret what he'd done. It had been the right thing, to try to stand up for Tony, to try to tell the world that Tony was innocent and that Tiberius was to blame. He already knew that in whatever version of his words they aired tonight, he wouldn't come out well. He'd seen firsthand how much Tiberius could warp the truth in just one conversation, and he knew that with several hours of lead time and a team of professional editors who probably lied about reality for a living, they were absolutely going to eviscerate Steve in the version of the interview that they were going to broadcast.
He hadn't pressed Tony for a reason -- Tony didn't need to justify or explain himself right now, as far as Steve was concerned, but Tony gave him one anyway. "I love the Avengers," he said, quietly. "And ninety-five percent of the time I love living with the Avengers. But this isn't one of those times." He sighed. "I know it's selfish, but right now, I just-- I can't. I can't talk about it. Not anymore. Not tonight. Not to someone who doesn't know. Not even them. And you know they'll want to know." He ran his hand over his face. "I'm too damn tired to make decisions, I'm too tired to explain, I'm too tired to keep pretending, and I'm too tired to lie. And I know I'm a coward, but I'd-- I'd just like to keep my secret a little longer, you know? And you're the only person I trust, right now."
Steve let his gaze glide back up Tony's bare legs. Tony had amazing thighs. Tony was still wearing Steve's t-shirt and sensible black boxer-briefs -- a few hours ago Steve had been valiantly trying not to pay attention to any of the details -- and right now he was very, very hard. His cock was an obvious outline in the tight fabric; there wasn't much left to the imagination. Steve could make out the shape of him, the slight dampness of the fabric, the tiniest quivers of movement as Tony grew harder and harder.
It was no problem. He was Iron Man. He'd just call the suit, will Bleeding Edge into existence, let it seep out of his bones and through his skin--
"There," Tony said, settling down next to him. At some point in the process of finding materials for splinting, he had shucked his armor. Steve glanced down at his own leg, saw the crimson sheen of the metal, and realized that he was actually wearing--
At least Iron Man seems a lot less tense now. Sure, Steve's face is still warm, but he's willing to endure a little discomfort to take the heat off Iron Man.
"I'm afraid if I say it you'll just disappear," Tony admits, eyes downcast. "Like some kind of terrible fairytale. If I say what I want, I don't get it. It won't be real. I know it's irrational."
"Looks like you think so too, huh?" Tony says, softly, gently. He's not teasing him, not the way he says it. He's kind. He's always kind.
Steve has no idea who or what that is, but Iron Man likes it, and he wants to know everything Iron Man likes. "Sure," he says, grinning. "Why not?"
Of course, the part of the plan Tony wasn't thrilled about was the part where he, personally, was fighting another goddamn magician. It was just a few months ago that he'd been trapped with Doctor Doom in Camelot, and that had been enough magic to last him for the rest of his life.
Tony downed the rest of his scotch in three seconds flat. It wasn't really making this situation more comprehensible.
"You've watched the interview," Steve said. "I don't know how he's having it edited, but I'm positive he's going to make me look like an idiot on national television. Because the audience is going to believe him. But that's not the important part." He sighed. "He was the one who broke the first story about Whiplash, remember?"
He'd seen this before. Maybe not this exact thing. He'd seen something like this before very recently, hadn't he? God, what was he thinking of? What had he seen?
"Hey, no," Steve said, rubbing circles over Tony's back. "It's been an honor and a privilege, Shellhead. I mean that. And there's nothing wrong with crying. Nothing wrong with it at all. Sometimes you just have to let yourself feel what you feel. It's okay. No shame in that."
If Steve were being professional about this, he would have asked what Tony's physical capabilities were now. How he had been affected. What that port
"Is it, though?" She was smiling. "In the last few seconds of the footage that tragically claimed the lives of the SNN news crew, Iron Man is very, very close to the explosion -- and yet, miraculously, he is the sole survivor. How can you be so sure it wasn't him?"
He lifts the faceplate. Underneath, his face is blotchy, tear-stained. But he smiles. The smile is a little strained, and Steve realizes he's trying. This is Tony trying with absolutely everything in him to hold it together, just a little longer.
And Tony -- enraptured, entranced -- had stared up at the Captain America exhibit, at the larger-than-life figure staring boldly off into the distance. And then he'd started coughing.
God, Steve almost wished that were the truth, if only because it would have meant that Tony would finally have acknowledged that everything going wrong in his life right now was Tiberius' fault.
He had no idea what to say to that, other than that he wanted it too, had wanted exactly the same thing, but that was too terrifying, too much of a risk. Too many things could go wrong. He couldn't let himself believe this.
"Is he--" Wanda began, and Steve realized he hadn't kept either of them updated on Tony's condition.
For many other people, it might have been up to the cops. But Tiberius had already hired one supervillain to try to kill Tony, and when the power levels involved got that high, the police weren't going to be able to help. Not without endangering themselves. That was what superheroes were for.
At the edge of Tony's increasingly-limited field of vision, something orange flickered, over by where he remembered the escalators being. That was probably Tigra, heading up to help Thor. The rest of the team had this covered. That was good. Something to be proud of. He hadn't had that bad a life, had he, all things considered?
Wow. Cloud nine. See, there, that was great, wasn't it? Tony had hardly ever been that happy since Steve had known him. Probably not before he'd known him, either. He couldn't just resent Tony because it wasn't him Tony had found happiness with.
Also, it seemed like Tony was definitely in favor of more. If he hadn't wanted to, Steve would absolutely have understood. And he definitely didn't want to push Tony. But he didn't want to assume he knew better than Tony did about what Tony was ready for. If Tony said yes, he wasn't going to say no.
"I know that this--" Tony attempted to gesture at himself with the arm that had the IV in and instantly regretted it-- "isn't what you thought you were getting into, so to speak, when you asked your good buddy Shellhead on a date. But you're--" he faltered-- "you're really-- how are you so
"So I told Ty," Tony said, miserably. "Because I trusted him. I trusted him more than anyone in the whole damn world. I told him I was bisexual. I told him about my massive crush on Captain America. And he looked at me, and he said it was a good thing I'd come to him first, him before anyone else, because he knew what to do. He told me I couldn't tell anyone else about this. I couldn't tell anyone ever. Because they'd all hate me for it. Just the way everyone had always hated me for it, except worse, because now I knew it was true. He said I couldn't tell anyone it was true." Tony grimaced. "So I didn't. I didn't tell a soul. Because I believed him. I got better at hiding it. No one else ever guessed, after that. No one knew except Ty. And all the while, he was filing it all away, every secret I ever told him, so he could use all of it to hurt me."
"It wasn't a thing straight people thought was decent. If they did it, they sure didn't admit to it. Maybe a working girl would do it. Nice girls didn't. It was for queers. These days, people think the thing that's the most gay is, uh, penetration. But that sure wasn't how it used to be. It was bizarre to get to the future and learn that straight people had discovered blowjobs too. No one knew it had ever been different. No one knew to warn me, you know?" He grinned in rueful reminiscence, and Tony smiled back.
"I'm going to fix this," Steve promised. "I'm going to get you out of this, Tony, I swear. Just hang on, all right? You're going to be okay."
And there hadn't been anything else he'd rather have done. Of course he was going to want to hold Tony. Tony wasn't going to want to know that.
"He knew," Steve said, and he didn't think he'd ever stop hating Tiberius. He took a breath and tried to stay calm. "He's known this whole week. He's
Tony's mouth quivered. "Yeah." Tears were starting to track down his cheeks again. His face looked half-raw, reddened and swollen. "He took me back to the streets, and he made me feel
"Shh," Steve breathed, against Tony's hair. "Shh, shh, shh, it's okay. No apologies necessary." He wasn't sure Tony heard the words. He wasn't sure it mattered. "I've got you, okay? I've got you."
He didn't know if he could ever describe the difference in words. Maybe there weren't any words. But it was night and day. There was love in Tony's eyes, as plain as anything; his gaze was soft at the edges, warm, infinitely tender. Steve had never seen Tony looking at anyone the way he was looking at him now. He thought maybe he'd never seen
Once again, Mordo pointed at Tony. And as the air in front of him began to glow, Tony decided that dodging was the better part of valor.
Trepidation and surprise mixed with anger in Steve's gut, weighing him down, settling into the pit of his stomach in a dense ball. His chest was tight. He put the book aside and looked up.
Iron Man steps out from behind a set of shelves, bowl of popcorn in his hand, and he's wearing-- well, Steve isn't exactly sure what he's wearing. Some kind of coverall. It looks like long underwear, or a child's set of pajamas, but obviously in an adult size. Like a union suit. Steve doesn't know if they still have union suits. Maybe they've evolved into this. The fabric looks soft, cozy. It's covering his entire body, save for the helmet, even right down over his feet. He's wearing gloves on his hands too, made of a similarly soft-looking fabric; they're the only separate pieces on what is otherwise a one-piece garment.
. I've been inside your mind. I know your secrets. I know what you've never told the world. And I'll tell them. I'll tell everyone."
He doesn't feel like he thought he would, when he imagined this ordeal being over. He thought he'd feel relief, satisfaction at the world once again going the way it should, and of course the contentment he gets from taking care of Tony after a scene, even if this is nowhere near anything like sn ordinary scene. And he feels that but... muted. Blunted. A veil is drawn between the things he wants to feel, and the things he does feel.
Tony looked dubious. Steve didn't blame him. Of course he thought that was a little strange. Everything was different, these days.
Tony returns with the components of a three-piece suit, lays them all out on his bed, and proceeds to get dressed for the day. It's torture, almost -- like stripping, slowly, in reverse. Tony does up every button of his shirt without looking at Steve, buttoned all the way up, like it's a taunt:
Iron Man's laugh is oddly sad. "No, I didn't need any help from him," he calls back. "I just... wanted a nice, private space, and this was the first place I thought of."
He tried to squeeze Steve's hand. He wasn't sure he made it. It wasn't as if he could feel him through the armor.
"Of a sort," Fury said, with that squirrelly, evasive tone that Tony couldn't stand. "I'm here to present a suggestion."
"Part of me would very much like to say yes," Tony said, with another tired smile. "The rest of me knows I'll get a crick in my neck. But I think I'd like to stay here a little longer anyway."
And of course, that was when they got to the alcoholism. No one but Tony's closest friends had known about his struggles with alcoholism during the incident with the Carnelian ambassador. But his breakdown and fall from grace as Obadiah Stane had taken over his company had been excruciatingly public. There was a lot of footage of Tony at bars, Tony at parties, Tony staggering out onto the street. One of his less-loyal former employees talked about how Tony, homeless and desperate, had come by his house to beg for money. He'd only wanted twenty bucks. God, he'd been a millionaire the month before that, and then he hadn't even had twenty bucks to his name. The reporter talked about how Tony was a drunk, always a drunk, a danger to himself and others, as if he hadn't been sober for five damn years since, as if all the good he'd done counted for nothing.
. "You're asking me to apologize to Mr. Stark for defamation. That's one of those big, important, ugly words, Captain. Lawyers tend to get involved. It's not pretty. So before I can think about taking that step, it'd be nice to know if there's even a case here. And the injured party wouldn't be
"It's not about the pizza." Steve takes a breath and steels himself. "Look, I don't know what your financial situation is like, and I didn't want to say anything before, but-- the way I was raised, I learned to help people. We didn't have a lot, when I was growing up, but if there was someone you knew, someone you cared about, if they needed something -- well, you tried your best to help them out."
"You probably want to know what changed my mind, huh?" Tony asked. He made a sound that wasn't quite a laugh. "Or maybe you don't. But I guess I'll never know if you hang up on this, will I?" He sighed. "You're not going to like it, but here goes. Right after that interview of yours aired, I got a call from Trevor Donahue. He said he wanted to meet with me. So I figured, hey, this was the guy who was trying to kill me, so I should go. You know me; I'd walk right into a bear trap if it had my name on it."
"None of us know how long we have left," Steve says, softly. "Not you, not me, not anyone. And in a job like we've got, our lives aren't something we can take for granted. If you want to be alone, that's one thing. I know how to take no for an answer. But if you don't want to be alone -- well, I think we should make the most of what we've got. And I know who I want to be with."
"You did say you'd explain," Steve returns. "And it's pretty clear that this--" he gestures at the huge, open-concept floor that is the Avengers' common area, and then at the city beyond the windows-- "isn't the New York I remember." Steve's smile is almost rueful.
He hadn't quite known what he'd meant, how to get that feeling, but Tony, ever the genius, has some kind of direct line to Steve's libido. Because what Tony does now is pull up one of his ubiquitous holographic screens and start playing pornography. It's terrible, the sort of porn Steve feels like he ought to be morally condemning, but right now Steve's dick definitely doesn't care. Flesh slaps against flesh, and overwrought cries of pleasure play out, and Tony's still standing there pumping his cock and watching intently, like this is really what he wants to get off to, like there's no one else here at all, and Steve is now so hard that he wonders if he'll come in his pants.
"That's exactly the problem," Tony countered. "I know them. And if I know them, he'll know them. He'd know what to make you say. It has to be something I don't know at all."
Tony's brain was working a few seconds faster than his current level of hand-eye coordination, but, unfortunately, not fast enough yet for Tony himself to have figured that out. Tony was starting to roll to the side, lurching upward, and he hit the full length of the electrode wires and the full length of the IV tube at about the same time. He stopped, his motion arrested, and the IV stand wobbled dangerously.
Ever since he became Captain America, the entire world has told him, repeatedly and at length, what a delightful coincidence his birthday is. Steve sometimes wonders if that's the real reason he was picked for Rebirth.
Oh, Tony's been complimentary about his hands, in certain specific contests. Other people have said similar things to him in bed. But there are some things that get said in the heat of passion and never outside of it, and so Steve's assumed that there wasn't anything particularly noteworthy about his hands. There are a lot of ways someone can satisfy their partner, and no one's ever expressed a preference for his hands specifically, more than any other part of him. He's had no reason to think he's uniquely gifted.
The penthouse suite was very much like what he would have expected from the richest man in America; he supposed that a decade of friendship with Tony had given him some idea of what it would look like. It was more divided than most of the suites Tony liked. There were definitely rooms, and this room was definitely one of the main living areas. Also, it was definitely empty. There was no sign of Tiberius. Or Tony.
He'd said it. God, he'd said it. He hoped this coming-out thing got easier. He felt like he was standing on a battlefield.
"Okay," Tony said, and he poked Steve in the shoulder with one armored finger, missing a little, and getting his upper arm instead. That probably should have been concerning, but Tony really didn't care. He'd had worse. "One, neither of us owns our current team residence, two, we are actually in an incredibly sketchy warehouse, and three, I can joke about whatever I want and you can't stop me."
Tony's gaze snapped to his, and he looked like he wanted to cry more. "That's the problem, actually. You were-- you were there a lot."
He takes a deep breath and lays his hands on the middle of Tony's back. His hands are damp with oil, leaving slick trails shining on Tony's skin, practically glowing golden in the dim light. He spreads his fingers out, gently rubbing the oil into Tony's skin, letting it bead on old scars, sink into the pressure marks of armor plates against Tony's ribs. Unlike Steve, Tony wears his whole damn life on his body.
Tony started to unwind the leads of the multimeter. "I actually keep this thing around for armor repairs in the field, if you were wondering," he added. "Never thought I'd get any kind of tactical use out of it. This is a first."
God. Steve couldn't say no to that. "Of course you deserve it," he murmured. "And of course it's not selfish. You can absolutely ride with me."
-- but when it came time to get the rest of Steve's uniform off, Steve had to wrench his boots off with both hands and then wriggle around Tony's bed, arching up to peel his pants all the way off. Tony would have paid good money just for that show alone.
"Hey, no." Steve interrupted him, but the reprimand was gentle. "Nothing to feel sorry for. Nothing to feel bad about. None of that, okay, sweetheart?"
What was he supposed to do now? How was he supposed to fix this? He needed to figure out what to do. Fast.
Tony made a small surprised noise. Steve thought he'd probably picked that term up from Natasha too.
"Of course," Steve says, because what else is he going to do? No matter what happens, he's not going to leave Tony tied up.
Steve knew Tony couldn't give him all of that. Not with the way his life worked. But Steve also felt a little better for having said it, so maybe Tony had been right to ask him.
"What?" Steve asked, bewildered and more than a little hurt. No, they definitely did not both know that. "Of course you haven't disappointed me."
"That was a joke," Tony said, hurriedly but apparently not fast enough. "I don't have a concussion." Probably. His head kind of hurt.
That's another one of those things Steve's pretty sure Tony would never have admitted in a normal state of mind. It's also something Steve's really glad to hear.
After all, Mr. Stark was the one who asked Steve out on a date. It's not as if Mr. Stark hasn't been interested in him. And all the papers have assured Steve that Mr. Stark knows how to charm people, whether or not there's any romantic intent.
"Yeah, but not from me." Tony still looked faintly guilty. He took another breath, gathered himself together. "Anyway. So it's not unexpected that he still wants to win," Tony continued. "Whatever that means to him. But, admittedly,
"Okay, beautiful," Tony said, raking his nails over Steve's side just to watch him shudder. "No hurry. The journey's all part of the fun. We'll get there."
At that point, Tony had come like a goddamn freight train, and then he'd spent a good ten minutes lying alone in his bed, trying not to cry.
"That's a good thing, right?" Steve asked. He hoped it was good, in Tony's mind. Being queer. Tony hadn't seemed to be a big fan of it last week. But then, maybe he'd changed his mind.
"Shh, shh, no!" Tony says. His distress is plain to see. His eyes are wide, pained. "Don't be like that. You have absolutely nothing to be ashamed of. I thought it was so sweet that you wanted to give me money." His mouth quirks. He has a very expressive mouth. Steve is abruptly, acutely aware of the fact that he's kissed him. A lot.
He nudges Steve's partially-open door all the way open with an easy little kick of his foot -- why have locked doors, after all, when Steve trusts him wholeheartedly? -- and deposits Steve, in full uniform, on his bed.
. He can't say that Steve's life is more important than anyone else's, just because he loves him. If Ghost gets those plans, people are going to die. More people than just Steve. The choice is clear.
Tony's gaze went distant. "Do you know why it was so easy for me to believe Ty? Everything he told me about myself was something I already believed. He was the voice in my head telling me I was wrong. The voice I'd heard my whole life. Telling me I deserved whatever he was doing to me. You-- you told me I was
"I want," he said, slowly, rolling the word around his mouth. "I want." He'd never been good at coming up with a vision of the future. Maybe that was why Tony was asking him to try. A life with Tony. What would it look like?
Tony likes to be touched. That's not a secret. There are, of course, the rare occasions where a touch trips something inside Tony, some terrible memory, and he has to pull back and get his bearings. They actually have a special safeword for that.
, they called it," he adds, and Tony may not know Irish but he knows German just fine. "They were trying to... see if they could induce it in their captives." He shudders. "And they were testing the progression on people who had it, keeping them away from their, uh, their beloved, so they could never confess, and seeing how long it took them to-- uh. Well."
Tony had spent the past week -- or, hell, maybe his entire life -- being asked to believe things about himself that were ugly lies. It wasn't strange to think that he'd have a hard time believing the truth.
"Oh, God," Steve said, and his cock jerked between his thighs and for about half a second Tony wondered if he could talk Steve into coming, just from that. But Steve took a few huge breaths and got himself under control. He'd remembered he wasn't coming until Tony said so.
"It's-- it's okay if you don't--" Steve begins, hesitantly, and he knows it's a lie, and he knows he's a terrible liar, and it's not okay, it isn't okay at all, but he needs to do right by Iron Man, first and foremost. And if this is what Iron Man needs to hear, then he'll say it.
"You were too," Tony told him. He kissed Steve's neck, his chin, the corner of his mouth. He could feel Steve smile. He took a breath. "Maybe you want to do this again sometime?"
He can't think of any reason in the world why Iron Man should feel like that, but it's as plain as day, in the crackle of Iron Man's voice, in the hesitant way Iron Man holds himself even in armor as he takes the smallest step backward, in the fact that he's still standing in the hallway like the threshold is a no-man's-land.
each other. "Yeah, Iron Man keeps me updated on you two. And you-- you have to know he can't be what you want. You're a smart man, Captain. You must know that."
He raised his hand -- or tried to. His arm twitched. Tiberius stared down at himself in what looked like actual horror.
"When people like us come out, it's headline news," Tony said, and, yeah, of course, he was thinking about the media. "It's public. It's something the whole world considers their business. Everyone knows. Everyone has an opinion. People you've never met know the intimate details of your life. And that's what it means to come out when you're famous."
Tony tried to swallow. His throat locked up. It didn't help. "Yeah," he said. "It's really me." His face was all pins and needles. His mouth was raw. "Good surprise? Bad surprise?"
Tony turns the little device over in his hands. "I've never actually seen one this small before," he says, "and right now I don't want to talk about why I know what one is or how to use one -- or I
Tiberius was looking at Steve with an expression Steve couldn't quite parse, but it made Steve wish that Tony hadn't said that, and he didn't know why. It felt like Tony had given something critical away. But then Tiberius noticed Steve looking and quickly recovered his pleasant smile.
Tony tapped his chest again. "I was dying," he said, flatly. "In the middle of the fight, my heart gave out. Massive heart attack. I was dying. And that was when the armor changed its mind about killing me." He licked his lips. "I don't remember much of what happened very clearly. It's probably better that way." He stared off into the distance, past Steve's shoulder. "It had a working heart by then. It had... created one. A cybernetic heart. It was becoming more alive by the minute. It had a working heart, and I didn't, and it ripped its own heart out of its chest and plunged it into mine. That's the heart I've got now. No idea how I survived that, honestly. Thought I wasn't going to make it. But I did. I lived. The armor didn't. And that was how it ended. That's the real mission report."
"Fine," Tony told him. "I mean, okay, yeah, a little sore. But I'll be fine." He yawned. His eyes went unfocused, as if even looking up at Steve was energy he no longer had to spare.
"Chest," Steve said thickly. "Ribs, I guess. Arm," he said, and Tony promptly dropped his hand. "No, other one. Leg-- left leg. Probably all broken."
Tony pressed on. "He told me how his people got the footage, too. He said it came from one of Donahue's security cameras. That doesn't sound like a setup to me. Sure, maybe I thought it was at first, but I was wrong. I made a mistake."
He says it softly, hesitantly. Like he's giving up a secret, and maybe he is. One of Iron Man's secrets. A secret Steve would never have presumed to demand from him. But here Mr. Stark is, giving it all away. Invading Iron Man's privacy.
of pure want that Tony makes when Steve bottoms out, all the way inside him. It's a nice thought. His body hums with arousal, but it's like static on the radio. Background noise. It's not urgent. He doesn't need it. He just likes thinking about it.
"Did you ever consider that this was a setup for you?" he asked, trying to drag himself back on track. Right. Focus. Mission. He could handle a mission. "Last I checked, Flag Smasher wasn't even
"Yeah," Steve agreed. He was pinned where he sat, nothing in him but desire. Tony was taking him apart, slowly, the way he'd study a machine; not to break him, but to understand how he fit together, to put him back together even better than he'd been. "Exactly. Just like that."
They fell silent. Turning away, Tony took another sip of his tea. Steve studied Tony's shadowed profile, still streaked with the traces of tears, and then Tony bit his lip and looked back at Steve.
Before Tony could reply, Steve kissed him. Tony's mouth opened under his, and though Tony hummed in pleasure, though his breath caught as he rocked up against Steve, he didn't try to take control of the kiss in the slightest, content to leave it up to Steve, to let himself be kissed. The message was clear: it was Steve's show now. He wanted Steve to take care of him. Steve could do that. It wasn't so different from the rest of the night, when he thought about it like that. It wasn't so different from a lot of things that had happened in the course of their friendship. They took care of each other. Steve was just taking care of him in a very specific way. It was everything they'd already had, but
Tony took another sip of tea and then rubbed at his chest with his free hand, like he'd been doing all week. Steve hadn't known what Tony was doing before, but now that he knew about the metal port, he could tell that Tony was framing it with his thumb and index finger, pressing down with his palm where the scarring was the worst. Then Tony looked up and met Steve's gaze, and that was when Steve realized Tony had done that purposefully. To catch him looking. Steve's face was hot.
Steve couldn't think about that right now. He had no idea what he would tell Tony. He was too jittery and restless to settle down and think. But he had a few hours. And right now he just needed to calm down. Collect himself. Regroup. Prepare.
"Steve," Tony rasped, and Steve's gaze snapped to his in an instant. "Steve. You have to know. I love you."
Every unkind word he'd said in the past decade, every thoughtless statement that had come out of his mouth, every moment in every argument he'd ever had with Tony where he'd known he'd been over the line but he'd kept going anyway because he'd been too angry to do anything else -- Tony remembered them all. Tony had looked at him and seen a man who'd always kept picking a fight. Tony had decided that Captain America just didn't believe in him.
He's even more handsome with the cowl off, Tony finds himself thinking. He's blond -- who knew? -- and his features are strong, finely chiseled even in the pale repose of death. He  looks like he would have been about Tony's age, if he were alive.
"Hi, boys," Steve said, presumably to Flag Smasher and whichever hired goons were present. "Expecting me?"
And given that he's standing here likewise only clad in his underwear, his body's opinions on the matter are shortly going to be very obvious to Tony.
"And I'd also like your blessing," Steve finally manages to say. He forces out a nervous smile. "I, uh. I kind of have the impression that Iron Man doesn't have much in the way of living relatives, or I'd have tried to ask them. And so I figured that, the way I see it, you're the next best thing to his kin. The two of you must be pretty close. It would-- it would really mean a lot to me, Mr. Stark."
Tony squeezed his hand. "I think you're pretty good at it right now." He smiled. "Speaking as a completely unbiased observer, of course."
"If you're still this coherent, I need to do better," Tony said, smearing Vaseline over the plug. "Come on. Take it for me. Then I can get the rest of your toys here and really go to town. I'll make it hurt so good."
"He'd always want something for it," Tony said. "You probably figured that out, huh? He didn't do it much. He said he didn't like it. But he'd always make sure I knew how nice he was being, going to all that trouble for me. So when you said that, I tried to think of... what you might want. And I couldn't think of anything. I didn't know what you wanted. And that was what freaked me out. And I know you wouldn't do that, I
Her grin went wider. "Sparring," she clarified. "That kind of fighting." She lifted her hand from Steve's arm, mimed a few punches, and then straightened up, tilting her head back to look him in the eye.
Tony's eyes opened at that. He was still smiling, and it didn't seem like he could manage speech quite yet, but he met Steve's eyes and nodded, smiling even wider. That was a yes, then.
"So, yeah," Tony concluded, as he slathered cream cheese on his newly-toasted bagel, "I'll have to take a raincheck on those dinner reservations if that's okay. Sorry, Cap." He didn't really sound all that regretful. His eyes were alight. It wasn't okay. Steve tried not to grit his teeth. "Ty invited me to a party tonight to celebrate his acquisition of ViaLine. ViaStone now, I suppose. He's the richest man in America. He's got a star-studded guest list. Everyone who's anyone will be there."
"Yeah," Tony says, hoarsely. "That's actually part of the, um. Problem. Say, could you tell me the name of the president?"
"Yeah," Steve said, and he realized he was staring at the tantalizing shape of Tony's cock again, and he realized he didn't have to stop. He could be exactly as obvious and appreciative as he wanted. He remembered the glimpse he'd seen the other day of Tony's fancy underthings. What would Tony look like with his hard cock barely restrained by the slightest scraps of satin, peeking through translucent layers of lace? That-- wow, that was a nice thought. A rush of heat raced through him. "Just, uh. Admiring the view. Wondering how much more of that lacy underwear you had."
Somehow, even back from Onslaught, that one didn't heal clean. Not everyone did, not completely. Tony's heart is --
Clint poked his head out of the other Quinjet, and he was already snickering. "You stay right there. I gotta get a picture of this."
"I'm here to stop you from doing something you're going to regret for the rest of your life," Iron Man says, tightly. That isn't a yes or a no, but it's sure not a great thing to hear under any circumstances.
. Just like Iron Man is you. All of this is you. You're not two different people. You're not magically a different person just because I've never seen the name on your birth certificate. You're still amazing and brilliant and loyal and-- and
all week, and that was far worse than just one of them. He'd known what they'd felt for each other. He'd been the only one who'd known.
Strangely, Mr. Stark's eyes widen in surprise, as if that was the last possible reaction he'd expected from Steve. "Glad?" he repeats. His voice is high, infused with a degree of emotion that Steve can't quite comprehend. Why is this so important to him? And why
Eager, he opens the door before Iron Man even knocks; Steve catches him in the act, one gauntleted fist raised in the air.
Steve smiled back. "I'm not going to laugh at you. It's a nice thought. It's a really nice thought."
Steve didn't want to take it from him, either, since it was obviously comforting him, but he did slide the drawstring bag he kept for this purpose over the shield. It was the world's most unconvincing backpack.
It's an appealing idea, and Steve will definitely have to file it away for later, but for right now--
Something in Steve seemed to loosen when Tony touched him, as if he had been wound too tight and just needed Tony's help to right himself. Tony was a watchmaker, working with the smallest and deftest of tools: the proper application of power.
"Won't work." Tony shook his head. "There'd be no way for me to confirm it. It has to be something that can be confirmed. But nothing
Tony's mouth tilted, half a smile; he'd been caught out. "You're sitting here with two broken bones, Winghead. I figured it'd be more than a little cruel to tell you that I was, uh, pretty much on cloud nine."
Tony took a long, shaking breath. "I love you too," he said, finally, like he was parting with the last of his secrets. "I just wanted you to know that. I know you knew, but-- but--" God, he sounded so nervous. "I thought I should say it anyway."
The hair on the back of Steve's neck prickled, and he went dizzy, lightheaded with fear. "Tony," he said, very carefully. "Are you trying to tell me--"
," Tony said, wide-eyed. "You're not-- you're not dating Tony Stark." He looked like he wanted to laugh, or cry, or maybe have a heart attack.
Stephen raises an eyebrow and smiles a smile that's barely one at all. "Just take me to the patient."
that Tony had given him. Sure, he knew that it wasn't the first book in the series anymore, but it still was in Steve's heart. He'd read the original stories back in the thirties, and at some point in the intervening years they'd collected them all into books. And right now, this was what he needed. A tale of good versus evil. Right versus wrong. Heroes and villains. A man doing the right thing and triumphing.
Everything fell into focus all at once. Tony hadn't gotten his message -- any of his messages -- because he'd been with Tiberius all night, because they'd been-- God, because they'd been--
Before he could change his mind, he strode decisively over to his bike. He only had the one helmet, but Tony needed it more than he did, for several reasons. He picked it up. Light gleamed off the helmet's mirrored visor. He turned to Tony. He held it out.
wasn't right, because Steve was right here, next to him. Steve was crouching next to him, rolling him onto his back. Tony could just barely make out Steve's face, pale and drawn, through the eye-slits of his helmet.
The expression that passed over Tony's face then was an odd kind of wistfulness. Steve didn't understand it.
Tony chuckled -- and then he sat back and regarded Steve, suddenly serious. "You really meant it, didn't you? About the whole" -- he waved his hand, and he lowered his voice a little -- "gay thing. It really doesn't matter to you."
"Right," Tony said, satisfied. "Now if you roll over, you'll more or less be stuck on your elbows and knees. How do you like that?"
"Steve?" Tony asked, brow furrowed in concern. "Pretty sure your face isn't supposed to be that shade of white. You okay there?"
Here's one of those things that not many people know about Tony: he doesn't like being carried. That's not exactly the right word. He'll tolerate it, sometimes, if he's on the battlefield and it's plainly apparent that he's injured, but he's uncomfortable with it. He hates needing it. He hates asking for it. While Steve thinks a lot of people don't like being carried, in general, Tony hates it in very specific ways, and Steve's not sure all of it is actual hatred, or that it had been hatred all along. But it's all tangled in shame now. Even before the paralysis, someone somewhere in Tony's past had taught him that he was less of a man if he couldn't stand on his own two feet.
Steve tried to stretch, couldn't, and then shuddered pleasantly again. "Good," Steve agreed. "Harder?"
If Steve was upset because he'd just learned that he could have had a chance with Tony once but now it was too late, that was his own business, and absolutely nothing to burden Tony with. Finding out that Tony was queer didn't make him love Tony less, at any rate, and that was the important part.
is expecting, and if Tony actually wants more Steve would be happy to help. But he's also happy to not help. It's a conundrum.
Not to mention the fact that the only man who knew the armor well enough to modify what it logged had been in the armor and very, very busy at the time.
He wonders if Iron Man knows about that. About the rejection. If he and Mr. Stark talked about it. Steve's gotten the impression, from things Iron Man has let slip here and there, that Iron Man knows a lot about the guy. That they're close. But this is personal. It could be different.
It's so much like everything that Mr. Stark has been trying to tell Steve about Iron Man that Steve thinks it can't possibly be a coincidence.
He managed one last breath. He shaped the words in his mind. He forced them out through numb lips. "Kiss me?"
"You know as well as I do that that doesn't make it a good idea." Fury splayed his hands against the polished wood of the desk and leaned forward. "Look, Stark, you can't keep doing this. It's terrible for Ultimates PR if you get blackout drunk in strip clubs every night. You've got to stop."
He carefully pushed up the edge of Tony's shirt, halfway up his chest, stopping just before the scarring started. Tony's stomach quivered a little as he tensed, and Steve kissed him there, softly; he relaxed. Yeah, that was just what he'd wanted to see. He let Tony's cock go again, just for a second, let it lie thick and heavy against Tony's trembling stomach. Perfect.
"Yes...?" From his tone of voice, Tony definitely hadn't expected Steve to name that night. It was a puzzle Tony couldn't piece together. "You mean, the time I spent twenty minutes telling you how armor class worked?" he asked, incredulous.
Tony rolled his hips, pressing himself up against Steve's body, gasping out another sound of incoherent pleasure, and Steve realized Tony was grinding against him, rubbing up against his stomach, just going for it. It was one of the most arousing things he'd ever seen in his entire life.
It pushes several other things to the forefront, too. Tony's underwear slides past his hips, exposing the muscular swell of Tony's ass, and Steve hastily tears his gaze away from the tantalizing glimpse of bare flesh. This isn't like that, Steve tells himself. And he knows that. But he also knows that he spent several days anticipating all the things he thought he was going to get to do to Tony tonight, and even though his mind knows that's probably not happening, his body has been primed for the experience. Having been held hostage at gunpoint is clearly not enough to dissuade him. Tony needs his help. He shouldn't be like this. He doesn't want his body to be like this.
"Uh," Steve says. Captain Suave, he is not. He thinks maybe he should have asked Mr. Stark for dating tips. Restaurant recommendations. Anything. "I... uh. I didn't really get that far."
"You're strong," Yinsen says, with utter certainty, and Tony realizes no one has ever told him this before. "You've made it this far. And you'll make it farther." He half-smiles. "Perhaps it is not a bad thing, to be a man so moved by feeling. You have a strong heart."
Tony hadn't said anything about wanting Steve off the team. In fact, he'd really seemed to want Steve to stay, even to stay in the mansion. And maybe it made Steve a coward, but he wasn't strong enough to live in Tony's house, to see him every day, to watch for the inevitable bruises, to wait for Tiberius to finally break him, all the while knowing he could do nothing to stop it.
Steve reached up and cupped Tony's face. He was never going to tire of touching him. He could, now. He could touch him all he wanted. Tony wanted him to.
, as if anything Steve desires will be his undoing. "All right," Tony murmurs, acquiescing. "All right, Winghead. Since you asked." The nickname falls easily from his lips; Steve's first thought is that he's never heard Tony say it before, and then he realizes that of course he has.
"I know he isn't available." Mordo sounded vexed. "That is my doing, Captain. Are you not at all frightened by someone who has made short work of the Sorcerer Supreme himself?"
"Oh, thank God," Tony said, from next to him. He had the armor faceplate up and his gauntlets off. His face was pale, and very blurry, and he was clutching one of Steve's hands, the one that didn't hurt. "Okay, sweetheart, can you squeeze my fingers?"
He knew what the wrong answer was, and the wrong answer was, unfortunately, everything he had ever told Tony about his feelings concerning Tony's drinking. They'd never talked about that conversation they'd had in that flophouse again. And it was terrible of him, but whenever he thought about it Steve mostly just hoped that Tony had been drunk enough then that he didn't remember any of it anymore.
That was good. That was very good. Steve nodded back. "Okay. Here's my plan: I'm going to give you a book that I'm pretty sure neither you nor Tiberius have read, or possibly even heard of. So you can't even make a guess about what the exact words might be based on general knowledge. And I'd like you to try reading it. And then tell me whether you think you're reading it."
"Okay," Carol said softly, and then louder. "Okay. You don't want to talk about it." Her jaw firmed up, and she half-smiled. Her eyes went bright. "Then do you want to fight about it?"
So what if Steve was sappy? He'd been waiting years for this opportunity. Tony deserved everything Steve could give him.
Steve opens his eyes and immediately seeks out Iron Man's gaze. Iron Man's eyes are wide, dark with desire, plain to see even through the eye-slits.
Baseball. Baseball was definitely safer. Or maybe that was sailing. Either way, it was definitely safer.
"It's good to be back." Tony closed the book and set it on Steve's nightstand. "And thank you so much for all of this. For being here. I know I'm-- a lot to handle at the best of times. And this is definitely not the best of times."
"That last energy bolt," Tony gasped. "Didn't-- didn't even touch the armor. Went right through me underneath the armor, though. I'm bleeding out."
He wanted to ask Tony if Tony was okay, which was ridiculous because Tony had answered that. Tony had told him, in fact, that he wasn't okay. But he wanted to ask him again. He wanted Tony to tell him this time that he was fine, that he was going to heal, that everything was going to be okay. And Tony couldn't tell him that.
," Steve says, maybe a little too harshly, because Mr. Stark flinches in response. "He's an Avenger, just like the rest of us. Sure, I wish he'd told me before now about his health -- but that doesn't change anything. He's clearly perfectly capable of fighting alongside the team. As team chair, I can't ask for anything more."
Tiberius was still trying to reach out. And he still couldn't quite move. "You never lost. Not for good. And you should have. By all rights, you should have. I kept tabs on your career while I was in Europe. You stopped making weapons. You ditched all your government contracts. You should have tanked your company, and you didn't. And then you did tank your company. You drank while your fortune was stolen away. And somehow you still came back." He spluttered. "Your girlfriend paralyzed you. You healed. You came back. Then you died. You died
And then Steve glanced back up at the TV and swore under his breath, because SNN was now showing footage of Tony and Radioactive Man in the park. Steve was absolutely certain now that this whole thing had been orchestrated. They must have been tracking either Tony or Radioactive Man. They had to have been, to be able to find him that quickly. And that meant that none of this was over. Whatever Tiberius was waiting for hadn't happened yet. Not if they were still filming. They were still filming because there was something that needed to happen.
He thought maybe Tony had figured at least some of it out, because Tony had stared up at him in unmitigated awe while delicately petting the edge of the shield and then asked him twice if he was serious.
Tony shook his head; that one was wrong. "Just call me Tony," he said. "You can still kneel, though. If you're into that. I'm into that."
As far as Steve was concerned, it wasn't enough of an apology. He couldn't say that, either. Tony's mind had already been made up. Tony wasn't going to believe him.
Oh, he'd made subs cry before, of course he had. But none of it had approached this, the utter perfection of watching Steve letting himself break apart in Tony's hands and trusting Tony to keep him safe and put him back together.
"Yep," Tony said, on a sigh. His gaze looked faraway. "Except I also wasn't okay with the gay thing, so honestly you're starting out better than I was. And I've still got a way to go on that one. I'm aware."
Oh, geez. Steve had thought it might have been simple regret. Recriminations about all the time they could have been together and hadn't been. If Tony had been anyone else, Steve would have said that the time they hadn't been together hadn't been a waste, because they'd still gotten to be in each other's lives, and he couldn't consider that a waste. And all of that was true, as far as it went. But Tony was Tony, and the time they hadn't been together had, in many ways, not been all that great for Tony, precisely because of who he'd been with instead and everything they'd done to him. Easy platitudes about how everything Tony had endured in his life had made him who he was today weren't going to cut it. He'd gone through multiple abusive relationships, and it was bitter to think that Steve could have spared him all that pain if only he'd been brave enough to speak up.
"It's going to be over fast," Steve said, a little embarrassed. "You're, uh. You're really something."
Tony had never, ever made him feel like this. Tony had been the richest man in America, apparently, and he had never once made Steve feel like he was worth one cent less than him.
Tony pats his cheek softly, which is incredible of him both because he can't imagine how Tony can comfort
"Oh, God, no!" Tony said quickly, sounding almost horrified. "Obviously I want Captain America." There was an awkward pause, during which Steve assumed Tony was regretting saying that about as much as Steve was regretting hearing it, but for the opposite reason. "I mean," Tony continued, a little strained, "I'd hate for Iron Man's biggest fan to be deprived of the Iron Man mug, of course." He gave Steve a smile. It was the same one he used for reporters. Steve wasn't sure if Tony had meant for him to notice that. Probably not.
"You want me to help--?" Steve asked, voice gone high with incredulity, and then he nodded. At least someone here was processing this fast. "Okay, okay, shh, here, I'm here, I've got you. I'll do it. Just tell me how."
. But you don't get what you really want. And I aim to change that." His smile was even softer now, coaxing. "So I'd really like you to say it. What you want. I think life can be fairer."
He hadn't given very clear directions. Tony's other hand slid over his hip, up his side, a comforting, bracing touch. And it was a good guess, because that was what Steve had needed earlier, but it wasn't what he needed now.
Some of the tangled ball of shame in Steve's gut starts to work free; Tony's always been good at doing. Steve still feels terrible about the fight -- and he's definitely not thinking about that right now -- but it's nice to know that Tony's not going to disapprove if Steve gets turned on giving him a massage. Steve doesn't think this is the way that usually works in this situation, but right now he's just glad. And about half-hard. Yeah, that too.
"I believe you when you say you want to," Tony admits, "but, like I said, you know more about me than most people do, and I wasn't kidding about the shrapnel. It's, uh. It's not actually all that pretty, underneath the armor. Not anymore."
Some of the nervous anticipation is actual nerves, of course, because Mr. Stark's workshop is not exactly neutral territory, and Steve has no idea why Iron Man picked it.
He hadn't expected Tony to reach out and take his hand, fingers interlacing tightly with his. The feeling, apparently, was mutual. It had always been mutual. Steve knew that, now, but he hadn't managed to wrap his brain around what that meant. He was beginning to, though.
But Mr. Stark smiles. "It's all right. I was just surprised, is all. I wasn't expecting it. No one's ever said anything like that to me before. I didn't, um. I didn't know things were that way between you and Iron Man. I mean, I knew you liked the guy, but I didn't know this. I didn't know you were this serious about him." There's a kind of awe in his eyes now, and Steve has no idea what to make of this.
, they call it, a phrase that made more sense to Steve only after he'd also seen modern ballparks -- are plush, and the concessions stands sell a whole lot more different kinds of food than he'd ever imagined. But there aren't any newsreels anymore, or cartoons, and the trailers themselves practically give away the entire plot of the whole movie.
"There's more," Iron Man says. "The thing is, genetically, there's a whole lot of me that I'd prefer not to pass on. I know what it's like to be me, and I'd rather not bring anyone else into the world who would have to live with what I've lived with."
Steve couldn't very well say that he was so incredibly in love with Tony. He'd stammered out some terrible excuse.
Iron Man can't spend as much time with Steve as Steve would like. In an ideal world, he'd be at Steve's side all day every day -- and while Steve is mature enough to acknowledge that this is only a fantasy, he does wish he got to see Iron Man a little more. Unlike the rest of the Avengers, Iron Man doesn't even have a room at the mansion. And, unlike the rest of the Avengers, Iron Man has a day job. He always has to play bodyguard to Mr. Stark, who is, of course, very busy.
"I don't know if you know this about me, Cap," Tony said, and there was something cruel in his voice, something cruel and mocking that had never been there before, "but I'm a pretty smart guy. I can figure things out all by myself."
That sounded good. That would be something to do. He could finally help Tony. Steve nodded. "Sure. I'd like to do that."
Tears dripped down Steve's face. "I love you too," he whispered. "I've always loved you. And I'm going to keep telling you that, because you're going to live through this. You hear me? You're going to be okay. The paramedics will be here soon. You just have to stay with me a little longer."
Iron Man's breath is loud, ragged. "You can't mean that," he says. It could be a fight, but Iron Man's not fighting, not the way he says it. He says it like he desperately wants to believe it.
In the quiet, he hears Tony's breath catch. Tony's brow furrows, and Steve knows that Tony still doesn't want to tell him no. About anything.
Tony was suddenly very glad for all those years of PR training and Avengers poker nights, as they were currently the only things enabling him to keep his face impassive. He dared a glance around the room. Jan and Steve were both looking on with identical expressions of bland curiosity. Either they were just as good at faking it -- unlikely, when it was Steve -- or they actually didn't know what was in that box. Tony did.
But Tony stood his ground. He lifted his head high. It was a stance Steve had seen on him for a decade, standing on a battlefield before all hell broke loose, ready and waiting, weapons hot:
When he sets his spoon down, Steve sees another bandage wrapped around his hand. He has long, elegant fingers, covered in a fine tracery of scars. Some of the cuts and burns look newer than the rest. He's the only rich guy Steve has ever known who works with his hands.
He's learned a lot. He's never going to underestimate Tony again. And soon SHIELD will get here, and after that their night will be theirs again.
"Ladies and gentlemen, f I could just have a few minutes of your time," Tiberius said. "First, I'd like to thank you all for joining me in celebrating my great success, as well as the beginning of my tenure as the new CEO of the newly-renamed ViaStone. I have so much planned for the future of ViaStone, and I look forward to sharing it with all of you."
The suit itself could have belonged to a lot of men -- well, a lot of men who owned expensive suits -- but Steve was pretty sure most of those men didn't wear them with ties printed with the molecular structure of caffeine. It had to be Tony.
He couldn't lie. And he could never lie to Tony. Which was going to be a problem if Tony ever figured out Steve's secret. But Tony wasn't going to, because Tony didn't want Steve, so as long as Steve could avoid being blatantly obvious, the truth would never come out, so to speak.
And maybe Tony will get lucky again. He seems to think he might. And Tony makes excellent predictions. Steve will take it. Steve has to take it.
"It just so happens," Walders said, "that we have another guest on this program." She turned to the camera. "This evening's very special guest is ViaStone CEO, Tiberius Stone."
Pulling his cowl back up, Steve sighed. "I'm so sorry." He tugged his gloves out of his belt and started to put them on. "Can we, uh, pick this up later?"
Tony's reply is prompt. "Polytetrafluoroethylene." He rattles off the name without hesitation, and then catches himself, because it's patently just occurred to him that wasn't what Steve was asking. "Oh. Um. Teflon, actually. PTFE is the chemical name; Teflon's the trade name. Believe it or not, Teflon's a great industrial lubricant. Definitely not for massages, though. Good call."
The thing is, it's not what Tony wears in the mornings. Steve's spent nearly ten years living with the Avengers, and a good part of the time with Tony in residence. He's watched Tony stumble down -- or sometimes up -- to breakfast in worn flannel plaid sleep pants and t-shirts that say things like I HAVE POTENTIAL with a picture of a ball at the top of a hill. Tony might be worth billions, but when he's left to his own devices, he sure doesn't dress like it.
at a guy he thinks he's known for something like fifteen minutes, oh God-- "maybe you could make it up to me, if you wanted."
"Not really," Tony said, still stunned, apparently having taken Steve's question as an actual question rather than a flippant remark. "You're only the second man who's ever kissed me."
Steve runs his fingers through Iron Man's hair and kisses him back; Iron Man makes a quiet little noise, a half-voiced moan of pure pleasure, and Steve can feel Iron Man shudder against him. He's nearly undone.
"And I'm staying here," Steve promises. He puts his hand on Tony's back, his fingers fitting into the gaps between the plates that layer their way down Tony's spine. "Come on, Shellhead. I've got you."
Steve grinned. "Not so far. I mean, the suit comes off when we're at home. It's just a regular secret identity."
Tony breathed in and out heavily. The air smelled funny. "Have you considered applying through our official channels?" he managed to ask.
He's always found it helpful to have a goal, a focus for his sense of determination, and he has a goal now: just keep touching Tony until there's no more tension anywhere in his body. When he thinks about it like that, it's basically the same goal he had at the start of the evening.
It doesn't matter who Iron Man is. It really doesn't, he tells himself. Iron Man is his teammate and they like each other and they're here enjoying each other's company. What more does Steve need to know? Steve himself has a secret identity, after all. No one knows who Captain America is, except the few people he's told -- and Iron Man happens to be on that very short list. It would be hypocritical to object to Iron Man also keeping a secret identity. If he wants to tell Steve, he'll tell him. It's not a problem.
"I think that's a good sign of compatibility, actually," Steve said, smiling. He didn't think he was going to be able to talk about Tony -- or even think about Tony -- without feeling a ridiculous amount of fondness. He tried to drag his mind back to work. "Was there something you needed, Jan? I'll be done reading through these in a couple minutes."
. He likes touching people. He likes touching Steve. Which is great, because Steve really likes touching Tony too. And when they have the luxury to play, to have a proper scene, it invariably ends with Tony in Steve's arms, in the afterglow, with Steve holding Tony close, touching as much of him as he possibly can, caressing him, whispering the sweetest things he can think of until Tony believes him with his whole heart, until Tony knows he's so good, so perfect, doing everything exactly right the way Steve wanted it. The praise isn't optional. Steve would still praise Tony even if Tony didn't need it, but the thing about Tony is that Tony
She did have a point. Maybe she'd learned that in one of those meetings. Maybe that was something her sponsor had told her.
By the time Steve makes it back upstairs to his room, he's starting to feel the way he does after staggering off one battlefield only to learn that there's another one awaiting him. The talk with Mr. Stark had been rougher than he'd expected, and he still doesn't know what all of that was about -- but in the end Mr. Stark had come around, hadn't he? He'd given Steve Iron Man's ring size. He could have said no, and he said yes. That has to be a good sign, doesn't it?
"Oh, no, no, no! It wasn't like that," Steve said, quickly, and thank God, Tony looked a little better again. "We were sparring. I threw a bad punch. It was an accident."
"I wish," Tony said, with a snort, "except I would then also be rather upset about my personal dimensions, in the euphemistic sense."
Tony set his mug on the coffee table, leaned over, plucked the mug out of Steve's unresisting hands, and set Steve's mug down next to his. Then he slung his arm over Steve's shoulders and pulled him sideways into something that was more or less a hug. Tony's arm was cool across the back of Steve's neck; his palm curved over Steve's bicep like it had been molded to fit there, like Tony had made himself into a suit of armor.
And of course there was that one last reason, the one that only the two of them knew, the one that no one had said aloud: Steve loved Tony.
He exuded confidence and poise. His hair and makeup was perfect, his suit was expensive, and he smiled at the camera like he'd spent his life doing it. He probably had.
." He wiped his hand over his face again. "I am so sorry. This must have been the worst week of your life."
Tony's eyes were drifting shut. He forced them open again. Nothing was making sense. Steve was still talking, but Tony had no idea what he was saying. There was only the pain, and he was getting colder and colder. He was shivering.
"He wouldn't have been newsworthy if you hadn't purposefully made him into the top story." Steve clenched his jaw hard. "He wasn't newsworthy until you decided to air footage of him walking out of Donahue Development and used that tenuous connection to accuse him of ordering Iron Man to kill Whiplash."
But Steve's hands were warm and gentle and, honestly, he couldn't think of a better way to go than right here in Steve's arms. He wasn't alone. Steve had him.
. She'd sighed and changed the channel just as the woman had been starting to explain to her boyfriend how she'd caught him cheating on her.
It's different than touching the armor. It's a ridiculously self-evident thing to think, but it's also true. The fabric under Steve's fingers is soft. Even though the metal of the armor is warm, the heat of Iron Man's body is different, more diffuse. Steve can feel him through the cloth: the bones of his fingers, the muscles padding his hand. He has long fingers. He's
Steve blew out a breath and then looked him straight in the eye. "Would you like to go out with me?"
"I know," Tony said, and he hoped he at least sounded encouraging. "But that's why we're here now. To figure out what we have left, and build something new out of it. Right?"
He'd stopped in the middle of Tony's bedroom, and he was staring at the contents of the box, spread out across Tony's bed.
Slowly, Steve nodded. "I'm as okay as I'll ever be," he said, and he knew that wasn't the best answer. "I just-- I just wanted you to know that you weren't alone. That none of it was your fault." He thought Tony had probably expected him to judge him. He thought that Tony had probably thought he'd never understand. Like how he'd been about the drinking. It was probably a fair assumption. Steve had earned that.
Jan blinked. Steve wasn't sure if that was because he usually didn't swear. She reached out, put her hand on his forearm, and smiled a small, sad smile. "I know, Steve," she said, softly. "Believe me, I know. I keep telling myself that Tony's strong, that he's survived worse than this, that it's going to take more than a few bad news stories to bring him down." Her eyes were downcast. "But then they say something new and even more terrible, and I wonder when it's ever going to end."
"You don't have to tell me," Steve said, softly. "You don't. It's your secret to keep. I understand." But Tony could tell from the glimmer of hope in his eyes that he wanted to know. Of course he did.
Stricken, Iron Man's head snaps up. "Hey, hey, no!" he says, sharply, because apparently he'll stand up for Steve, but not himself. He breathes in and laughs a rattling laugh; he holds up his free hand and seems to regroup. "Why don't I try this again? I even made you popcorn."
"It's nice to know your name," Steve said, quiet, but fervent. "Though I have to say that it would have been nicer to know your blood type. None of us knew it, so you ended up getting a whole lot of O negative. More units than I can count. Saline and plasma, too." He bit his lip. "Things, uh. Things really didn't look so good for you, for a couple days there."
He's still holding Tony's hand. He leads him to the stairwell, pulls the doors open, and leads him up a flight of stairs. Tony's footsteps echo. Tony's breathing over the comms is heavy again, fast and ragged, like he's panting. Tony says nothing. But he's still following, and he's alive and breathing. Steve will take it.
Oh. Oh, geez. Tony could see how that was a problem. Steve had taken so long to get used to the future, to finally settle in. And Zemo had taken that away from him.
"See?" Mr. Stark's voice is gentle. "Nothing to be afraid of. I-- I want you to be happy. Even if it's not with me. That's the truth."
"Do you ever think that you're too good for me?" Iron Man whispers. "Because sometimes I think that. I think that a hell of a lot."
Iron Man makes a horrible distorted-static noise and starts coughing. He's choking on his coffee. After several terrible seconds, he gets the straw out of his mouth, and then he coughs a few more times for good measure.
"You're smart," Steve repeated. "But Tiberius, he's smart too. So he knows you're smart. And he knows you. He knows how to say something exactly the right way, so it will make sense to you, so you'll believe it. And he's good at it. Everything he says sounds right. Everything he says sounds like it makes sense. But it's all lies, Tony. It's all lies underneath." He fumbled for an example, the kind of example he thought Tony might like. "It's like when you learn how to do a proof, a mathematical proof." Steve had taken geometry once. In 1935. He hoped it hadn't changed all that much. "And all the steps are right. All the logic is right. But the premise is wrong. The thing you're starting from is wrong. But if you don't look at that, if you just look at the logic, it looks fine to you. Because that part checks out. And you don't look at the part that's wrong. It's like that, Tony. That's what it's like."
Now within reach of the bed, Steve rolls up one of the unused towels and puts it under Tony's ankles, so his feet will be in a more comfortable position. Steve takes this opportunity to take the closer of Tony's feet in both of his hands and gently rub out some of the soreness, thumb sliding across the arch of his foot.
Steve was going to make Tony happy, or as close to happy as he could get him. That was Steve's goal for the rest of the night. That was Steve's goal for the rest of his life, if he was being honest with himself. But he'd start with tonight. And this was a good place to start. He knew Tony liked the shield. That was good. That would make Tony feel good. It already had. Tony had smiled at him, delighted, and then finally had slid the shield onto his back and climbed on behind him.
Steve swallowed hard. "I didn't know who Iron Man dated, so I thought I had a shot. But I know who Tony Stark's dated. You date rich people. Glamorous people. Sophisticated people. You take them to-- to Monaco, or the French Riviera, or, heck, probably your own private island." He wasn't meeting Tony's eyes. "I can't compete with that. I'm just an old fogey who thinks two tickets to a Rodgers and Hammerstein revival sounds like a good time."
Oh. Right. Tony didn't want anyone looking at his heart. And Steve had looked earlier, after DreamVision, but he hadn't known what it was then, and he hadn't known if Tony was going to be okay, and he thought Tony could forgive him that. But he knew now, and he knew Tony was okay -- well, as okay as he was ever going to get -- so Steve didn't have an excuse to keep an eye on him, and any other reason he might want to look at Tony half-naked was absolutely not something he should give into.
Steve thrusts gently in and out of Tony's gorgeous mouth with a slow roll of his hips, and Tony moans again.
So Steve picks up Iron Man -- he's not too heavy for Steve, of course -- and carries him out of the way of the fight, as Iron Man tries to open his eyes, tries to blink away the rivulets of blood.
And then he turns and strides back to Steve, smiling politely, like the past several minutes never happened, like he doesn't know Steve is already hard enough to cut diamond.
Steve's blood ran cold. God, Tiberius would do it. Steve hadn't outed Tiberius, because Steve wouldn't ever out anyone who didn't want to be out, but obviously Tiberius had no such compunctions. He'd tell the whole world that Tony was-- that Tony was--
"It's okay," Steve says softly. It isn't exactly a lie. He can't lie to Tony. It's just the nicest possible elements of the truth. "You're so clever, Tony," he murmurs, and Tony smiles against his palm. Tony makes a quiet noise that could be an objection. "Shh. You are. You made the suit to help you. I think that's amazing. Doesn't matter how you're standing up as long as you're standing up, does it?"
Steve doesn't know what to do with that except be here for him. He can show Iron Man that he can trust him. So that's what he's got to do.
Tony's answering smile was full of tenderness. "Swell, huh?" he asked. "All right, then." He looked at Steve, consideration in his eyes. "You want to help me with this?"
Tony pulled him close, holding him until he stopped shaking, heedless of the mess, and then kissed him.
T'Challa nods, gives orders, and the rest of the Avengers slowly filter out of the room, until it's just him and Steve left, standing at opposite ends of the room, on the same side of the long briefing-room table.
"You don't deserve what they're doing to you," Steve said, softly, infusing the words with every scrap of feeling he had. "What they're saying about you. It's not true. You know you don't deserve it."
Another sad laugh issues from Iron Man's mouth, more choked static. "Yeah," he says, almost bitterly. "I know. But I'm a working superhero. If I had a kid, and one of my enemies found out, that kid would be a target. Instant leverage. That's the height of irresponsibility. And, sure, I could probably have a kid if I retired. But I can't imagine myself getting out of this game anytime soon. I can save the world. I can do things no one else can, and that means I have a duty to humanity to do them. And it also means not putting anyone who can't take care of themselves in harm's way."
"I really like what I get," Steve says. Iron Man makes a soft, unreadable clicking noise. "I really do." He pauses. "Maybe you'd let me take you to a ball game, sometime."
"Well," Steve said, steeling himself and continuing onwards, "I appreciate you taking the fall for me, as it were, but, um. It's my box. I was wondering if I could have it back."
He knew he wasn't subtle and he knew he definitely wasn't suave, but surely Tony already knew what he was getting into, with him. And he also still wanted Tony, a hell of a lot. He didn't think -- although he knew some people might have -- that physical desire in any way cheapened what he felt for Tony, emotionally. It was all love.
Ghost is distracted by this sudden change in his fortunes,, and Steve takes this opportunity to grab Ghost by the shoulders. Steve pulls himself up to sitting, back through the glass, so they're both all the way inside the building, again, and then he punches Ghost in the face. Hard.
