“This framework is the same virtual reality thing that you and Stark have been working on?” She asked, not sure what else to say regarding his confession.
Nomad: It wasn’t just hard to answer that question because of my biological sister, but growing up, Bucky was a brother to me. I thought I let him die. Then I found out he’s not dead. But is that really the case? Maybe the only thing left really is a shell, especially considering the way things are right now?
CoulsonPJ: Yes, yes, and possibly someone from your security staff.
May: I am happy that Daisy has finally moved on after Lincoln. More than I did.
Blue phone: The suit worked fine as is. You don’t need to lock yourself in the lab for a week just to make me new gear.
“He will,” Karen tried to reassure him.
Me: I’m 99% certain of that. And he does feel bad about Siberia. I feel bad about Siberia. We are not going to hit each other again. We promise to use our words.
Red phone: It was Red and she sent pictures. You got hurt and I wasn’t there. Red was not either and she’s not very happy about that. It’s not exactly like she wants to lose her pseudo big brother.
But I do want to do something in New York. Especially for Spidey Junior and Ms. Marvelous. Also, check with Kevin to see if Pepper can make it. I feel like she could use a few days away from Malibu.
Me: Great, the youngsters are beating my tech. I feel so old. How long have you know about a royal voyeur?
Agent L. Barton: My May loves her bus kids too. Even if they’re growing up and getting married. Leo says Hunter is a wonderful husband even if Hunter still pretends that they’re only married on paper for an op. There was definitely some damage done to Hunter during his first marriage.
Nomad: I’m listening or rather reading.
Tony: The TV episodes about future villains making sex bots. It will be educational.
Me: It’s okay if he did. I don’t mind if people know I’m in recovery.
Warning: Spoilers for Black Widow to follow.
Counselor Laura: When you are, I am willing to listen. I won’t judge. I have no room to.
Me: And I agree, I’d rather not be famous. I guess that’s another answer we’re going to have to lie about.
The Mechanic: We don’t think so, but all we know for sure is a spider was involved and that spider is now dead. He won’t even tell us how he encountered said spider or if that spider was genetically modified.
Me: I remember seeing bruises on her neck that might have looked like fingers. Those shouldn’t have been there if it was a car accident.
Avengers Friday: I do not know who Ana and Afia are. Mr. Stark left the Avengers for health reasons after being stranded in space for 21 days with limited resources aggravated his heart condition. Therefore, he is not healthy enough to continue being Ironman. Although he occasionally serves as a consultant and babysits Robin when Steve and May need to both go on a mission together especially now that Kamala is at Vision Academy.
Stephen C: Yes, multiple times. Right now, I am just going to treasure every moment I have with Tony. With what we do, you never know how much time you have left.
Me: Actually, it is an old identity. Patches is always 90 steps ahead and had all of Fitz’s inventions patent under that name as well as any scientific journal articles and there are dozens. His degrees are also under that identity. I have wanted James F. Leopold at SI for years before I even knew he was actually Dr. Monkey lover. But he wouldn’t leave Shield even after the implosion. He was too loyal to Agent.
FRIDAY: I am already doing so. Leo asked me to earlier.
Counselor Laura: Good news after the awkwardness of two days ago, Steve and Tony managed to have lunch together yesterday. Better yet, they came up with an idea to keep half of my reality from going poof and help your reality undo the damage of the purple one here.
“I like it.” Steve told her as he goes to sit down on the couch. This room felt like an apartment. It was twice as big as what they had in Johannesburg. Then again, there was a big conference and most of the rooms were booked. This was different.
Cousin Q: Do you know the best way to get to 177a Bleecker Street?
As stated earlier, Friday is now banned from telling me anything else about what I am mentally referring to as the ‘Thanos wins’ timeline. I’m only aware of this order because I woke up to Natasha berating the AI for telling me too much after May told her about the information ban. I get the impression that Natasha might oversee this timeline’s Avengers. I, unfortunately, I can’t get any confirmation regarding that because Friday is banned from telling me that.
“It’s more like I wish it didn’t hurt her. Besides, I know that she just draws possible futures, and things change. I try not to read too much into it. It’s better not knowing.” Steve remarked.
Cuddle Bunny: You just met with them.
HSBF: Hey, I know we said that I would wait until you message me Friday but it’s technically Friday here. I just wanted to say happy Thanksgiving.
MayMQ: And once we were no longer on the run from the military?
“The Princess definitely ships us.”
Anthony: I wish we were video conferencing because that way you could see me rolling my eyes. I programmed her number into your phone under Agent America. I gave her one of our special phones just in case.
Tony: Yes. So how do you have family in Nevada?
Cuddle Bunny: I’m working on it. I’ll find someone to talk to.
Red spider: We also didn’t leave that many alive.
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve: I am glad Rocket wasn’t here.
Red phone: I’m OK.
Tony: Thank you. By the way I’m counting this as going over question 36.
HSBF: I'm glad Pepper was there. Have you talked to her since getting back? Is it safe for me to send her a thank you note or would she burn it on principle?
Counselor Laura: Yes, yes, and yes. They found out about Michelle when Tony did an in-depth background on all of Peter’s acquaintances. Too bad we didn’t find out about Flash’s piece of shit dad at the time. We could’ve got him out months earlier.
(See the end of the chapter for
In other good news, after accidentally getting lost in the email for a week the next chapter of Hydra Lullaby has just been posted. It is the perfect story for those of you who enjoy a universe where Tony was told about his parents’ murder as soon as Steve and Natasha found out about Hydra involvement and all the Avengers know that Coulson is not dead.
This begins immediately after the last section, so it’s still September 23. The first few moments happen concurrently. Also remember that we’re ignoring the “eight years later” from Spider-Man:  Homecoming because it messes up the timeline of my story (and the MCU as a whole).
Girl Friday: Hey, Dad, where are you? Did you sneak back down to your office here or the lab? You need to sleep. I know we’re now in active apocalypse mode, but sleep is essential. You make bad decisions when you are sleep deprived.
HSBF: That’s not the question.
Me: Elevator actually because I did get out and walk. Happy can just take his time parking the rental because somebody didn’t want to use a car from the hotel. I can’t wait that long to see you.
Subject: Mom really is in another timeline
Thank you to everyone who has read or reviewed the last chapter. You have all been wonderful.
Tony: Especially when you're a little kid. I never questioned the light bulb thing. Although knowing the truth in hindsight, I understand why I was shipped off to boarding school. If I was in the same situation, I would send Morgan away. I already have. She's with Pepper in Manhattan while we are working on Operation Keep Away. Laura and I are even trying to come up with a way to bring all the kids from her timeline here just in case the purple one still wins so they won’t get snapped.
1. You’re smart. You’re the smartest man I have ever met and considering the people I have met, that’s saying a lot. Although, I will tell you I’ve met at least one woman recently that probably has you beat. That being said, your mind still amazes me sometimes. Although, I do wish you had more common sense sometimes.
Blue phone: Evil people who want to cause the same atrocities?
Cuddle Bunny: When you say you know; do you mean in the biblical sense?
“But you’re still worried about something else?” Melinda asked.
“The military is not going to come through that door to pick me up?” Steve was only half joking. Maybe that was the plan. He really didn’t know these two agents that well. Although, they were on  Melinda’s team so he was inclined to give them the benefit of the doubt.
I know we need to sit down and talk things out eventually. I don’t know when that’s going to happen, but it needs to. More importantly, I want to.
“I completely agree. We've seen too many people die, and they've all hurt.”
“Because obviously, the answer is once everybody you love is out, you don’t go back in. Nothing is worth risking your life. They are just things. It can be replaced." Tony answered.
Tony: I’m hoping it’s the latter. Because I would really like for us to live in the same country and I don’t want to spent 4 years in charge of an agency and not get you back in the country. Although, maybe I can convince President Ellis to pardon you as he is walking out the door. You guys really saved the U.S. a lot by freeing that American.
Me: Yes. Mostly from small children. Many are written in crayon. Oddly enough those are the ones that get responses because they’re heartfelt or so my liaison over there tells me.
Cuddle Bunny: Of course not. You’re an adult. You can do whoever you want. I just don’t want you to get hurt.
Anthony: Yes. It means that not everyone in the universe thinks you are a paragon of heterosexuality. Although, stay away from the E fanfiction on freakingcool. It will just be too weird for you.
Red phone: I actually typed that in. I would hate for you to say 'language' right now.
Me: It was a working vacation.
Red phone: That I really can’t tell you. I have to go. Lila just came in carrying her cuddle bunny a.k.a. her Captain America Teddy bear. It’s as adorable as you are.
"She was Melinda Garner when they were dating because she was still fresh off the divorce but Steve said she's gone back to her maiden name. Apparently, she is Tony's handler now."
“See now I wish you what had told me that when we were closer to Brooklyn. Text your…” Steve is sure Tony was going to say your wife but stopped himself. “Text May and tell her to scan them, and I'll upload them to Friday. That way, you won't have to risk dying to get them. I really don’t want you dead.”
Agent M: I’m not even surprised. Keep him wherever you are. We don’t have time to keep Liberty from being picked up when we are trying to figure out who attacked Red Malibu.
“You can’t replace what was lost,” James said as he continued to care for his goats, not really looking at her holograph.
Captain tight pants: You own an island? I shouldn't even be surprised.
Director Stark: Along with Lily bear and the big brother. Also, I had to send Yo-Yo to tell Purple Arrow about what happened, and that’s not going to be a pleasant conversation. But it’s better than one of the kids video calling him. Lily really wants to talk to her dad right now.
HSBF: Since were no longer at each other’s throats, I think it’s working.
Tony: I’m not sure about that. I was keeping her safe. But now she doesn’t need me for that. So even less people in my life.
SimmonsJA: Your recovery was set back at least two weeks.
PS: I think I might be able to convince Monkey Lover to jump ship to SI. You can help me talk him into it at Thanksgiving.
“It could, or we’ve already changed it just by you being aware. Robin was drawing pictures of the world breaking apart until Radcliffe was arrested and his LMD destroyed. Then she started drawling that.” The Princess said, pointing to the purple guy. “Everything is in motion.”
"I know." Steve pulls Tony back to him.
Me: I want to rip clothes off of you. Or lick chocolate sauce off of you or just lick you.
Nomad: That’s probably a good plan. I may have packed a few EpiPen’s myself.
I do realize that I probably said some things that I shouldn’t have. Sorry about the crying. I went full Howard which is something I don’t want to do. I try not to be my father because he was a bit of a dick. I am still mad at him for sending me to boarding school, or more accurately, not telling me he was sending me to boarding school because my good mother figure got sniped because of him. I have lots of issues. Basically, I spent most of my childhood being compared to Captain America and that was well before I became a member of the superhero club.
Monkey Lover 2: I think we’re good until Mardi Gras. Director Rhodes has Davis and Piper watching things. Why are we going to Glasgow?
Nomad: How did he have this number?
The mechanic: I promise they’re not.
Me: But why a new assistant? What about Kevin?
Anthony: That was before I almost got killed by fried bread. I'm not going to risk it. You’re very important to me. As much as I need to touch you, keeping you safe is more important. Besides I'm still going to that South African environmental conference in a couple of weeks.
HSBF: Does this mean that you're not going to have time for our movie date night?
D Fitzsimmons: She didn't even ask me any questions about the other timeline, which seems like a waste. You got more information out of me.
Venom: So, if you were not worried about me telling the entire world the Spidey truth, why did you never tell me? I think we're friends now.
Tony: Do you want me to comfort you or congratulate you?
"Again, something I know. That was in the official report."
Nomad: He had a girlfriend.
Anthony: Oh look, there's two dozen roses, a gigantic box of chocolates, and cookies waiting from Stefan. He sent the good stuff. Best boyfriend ever.
“Both of you, take a moment and calm down. We can’t do anything if you are sniping at each other. We have to do this together.” The Princess chastised.
“That’s not right.”
Me: You passed out? Are you okay.
If you’re wondering what the AI formally known as Friday looks like in her physical form think if Angela Bassett and RDJ had a 14-year-old daughter together. Afia originally wanted to look like if Tony and Steve had a child together, but the Princess wanted a little sister/cousin and convinced Friday, this would work better for their cover story. Friday chose her new name herself afterwards. It’s just a total coincidence her name is one letter off from the LMD we dare not speak of.
Captain Tight Pants: You’ve thought about this a lot?
Me: She says I’m addicted to you. And she may be right. If we went any farther then Thursday, I would have started having serious withdrawal symptoms. I think Cocaine is less addictive than talking to you.
“I’m Friday.” The teenager standing behind the Princess told the group. Although, she didn’t sound like Friday and Hunter has been talking a lot to the AI in the last few months. “Although, I think I prefer the name Afia in this body. What you think about Afia Anne Stark-Rogers?”
“I hope somebody packed a slide ruler,” Tony quipped.
This might be my favorite chapter. I find it deeply ironic that this ended up being in person conversation 13. It’s oddly fitting. This chapter takes place a few hours after the last one.
Me: A really bad acronym.
Chief Mechanic: Not hiding but deciding the best way to tell him in person. Obviously, that's not working, so I’m just going to unlock everything. You might want to have one of the therapists on standby for this.
“Apparently, the Princess's team managed to create antidepressants for me. He’s been on them for almost 2 years.” Steve wonders if his other self is as big of a mess as he is. Because he is a mess.
Cuddle Bunny: Tony focus. Are you sure it’s really him?
Yo-Yo was killed by Thanos during the fight. I’m trying to find out if others died during the battle, but again Friday’s not allowed to tell me anything, and no one else is talking. I overheard this little tidbit.
Counselor Laura: To answer your question from before, the Stark-Rogers started talking again because, one night after getting completely wasted, that Tony texted Steve.
Tony: I’m sure you have a lot of those. Afia will be getting the full teenager experience unlike Vision who came grown up and ready to avenge. Afia however will be coming in complete with legal identity and cover story. I’m still trying to decide how much Jane is going to know, but probably everything because she’s Jane and she probably knew about the original LMD program, but Afia is in a completely different category.
Me: What happened, Tony?
Me: You owe me a real conversation after this.
Thank you to everybody who read or reviewed the prologue. Also, thank you to everybody who left kudos or added the story to your alerts. I’m not sure what my regular posting day will be yet, so I do suggest adding the story to your alerts. Regardless, you are so fabulous.
Thank you to everybody who read or reviewed the last chapter. You are all wonderful. We are still in Johannesburg. However, Tony has to be a grown-up and he can’t take his honey bunny with them. This means text messaging Steve when he supposed to be at a lunch with various world leaders. It is now Saturday, September 24, 2016 in the story which means were almost exactly a year behind. All lot of the next few conversations will be happening today because September 24 is a big day.
I guess I should start by saying that I love Tony. I love every part of Tony, not just the version that is sitting in a meeting on how to get guns away from poachers and other terrorist organizations., I don’t just love the version of Tony that helps seven-year-old girls with their homework or does everything in his power to keep his new BFF safe from anti-gifted terrorist groups.
“Your friend is trying to according to the baby bird.”
: Robin Hinton a.k.a “preschooler whose scribbles predict the future”. Absolutely adorable but terrified of her powers. Poor baby, lost her father a few months before me due to his gifts. See classified file for additional information.
Nomad: I’ll let you go then.
Also, apparently there are a few of you who are still unhappy with my decision to have Steve incapacitated in interlude 11 to keep him from walking headfirst into a trap that would’ve got him at best kidnapped and turned into a government science experiment and at worst killed. I stand by my creative choice. I have several family members with mental illness and I have been in a position where I’ve had to make a choice about how far I would go to keep this family member from hurting themselves or others. The choices are never easy but I made them because they were necessary.
Cuddle fiancé: We tried to tell them that, but they didn’t believe us.
So let’s dive in and work on our emotional intimacy and not think of this as us trying to figure out how to appease my very angry PA person. I think it will go better that way.
Me: Good. Although that’s mostly because her boyfriend still thinks that she was just my beard. Apparently bisexuals only exist in porn and on Freaking Cool. Let’s not even start on pansexuals. That word’s not even in most people’s vocabulary. It’s annoying
"But if you had to choose, would you prefer being a 105-year-old with the best body or keeping your sharp mind but really looking like a 105-year-old?" Tony asked.
From: Pepper
Red phone: Although you’ve seen the president’s address about the alien contagion.
Anthony: I don’t like doctors or being handed things. It’s my thing. Really, just be glad I haven’t ran out on Dr. Suarez yet. We have a session later today to discuss my latest near death experience. I really hope I don’t have nightmares about death by sunflower seed now.
“I prefer snap.” It feels less horrible. She doesn’t want to keep calling it the decimation.
Anthony love: I feel like that would lead to a broken nose, and there’s no way I’m risking that before the wedding.
Freakingcool dot com is the name of the fanfiction site that Kamala a.k.a. Ms. Marvel wrote Avengers fanfiction on in the Marvel Comics universe. I decided that the MCU must have its own version of the site.
Anthony: Fine, just ruin my fun.
Cuddle Bunny: Which is probably for the best.
Me: Anyway, that pissed her off, which resulted in her saying that since I was a genius, I could just learn Spanish. Then I replied in perfect Spanish that I was already fluent and it wasn’t much of a problem because SI does a lot of business in Latin America and Spain.
"You don't know about Melinda?" Sam asked. Better him than Tony.
HSBF: So you’re not going to try tomorrow night to talk Spidey into going public so that we don’t have to do this?
Tony: First time I kissed you. Bonus points for that being something I’m willing to mention publicly.
But maybe there’s this part of her that is still annoyed with Steve for punching Clint. Yes, Steve and Clint are friends again. Perhaps even best friends, but she can still be annoyed.
Anthony: Apparently not a very good one because I can’t remember it. Friday is not a true AI because that’s now illegal due to my hubris. But she is still based on Ana’s personality or more accurately mimics that personality, at least what I can remember from before she died. It probably means Friday is nothing like her since my memories from that young are really sketchy. But Friday is definitely a redhead like her namesake.
D Fitzsimmons: The plan was for him to go back to his farmhouse and grab something tangible. At the last minute, Nana decided I was going as well. She found a way to stretch out the Pym particles based on the work she was doing with the monolith before.
Me: That’s one of my happy memories too.
D Fitzsimmons: After Thanos won, he didn't want anybody to undo what he did. So, the purple prick reduced the infinity stones to subatomic particles that could not undo what he did. For the last five years, Nana has been working on time travel. She thought she could re-create the monoliths, but she's been unsuccessful. About two weeks ago, Scott showed up at the Avenger compound's front door after being missing for five years. This provided us with a way to fix things that don't involve the monoliths that are in pieces.
Melinda hit the send button of her message before looking up to see who walked into the room she was using at the West Coast Avenger facility. She thought she had time for a quick chat with Steve before she would be needed. Jeffrey was still dealing with press along with the director, his demotion wasn’t public knowledge yet. It will come out once Director Rhodes goes to the State Department. Although, his lie about Daisy being undercover the entire time may make Director Rhodes send out that press release a little early.
“I don’t see why not. Don’t you want us to rescue Fitz and Coulson?” Simmons asked, trying to grab the back from him. At that moment Leo pulled out an ICEr and the Princess activated her nano tech gauntlets. Hunter pulled the bag away from her hand.
“At least through September. They’re hoping to be done with getting the PR Avengers off the ground. You have a point. We will put 19 and the ex-husband at separate tables. Speaking of seating arrangements, according to Hunter, Thor did RSVP for the wedding. He’ll be there, barring Ragnarok. Baby bird says that’s actually a strong possibility. All the more reason for us to hurry up and choose the location. If the Asgardians are going to be showing up, I feel like a remote lighthouse is the best option for the ceremony. We should set Thor by Bobbi.” Tony suggested.
Nomad: Although, now I understand why he had that particular poster in his workshop.
I got your letter. All of them actually, even the ones that you didn’t like. You should probably know that the Princess set the nano paper to directly stream what you are writing. She was worried that you wouldn’t send the letter so she let me read some of your rough drafts, under my therapist’s supervision, of course.
“A six-year-old that can see the pathways of the future.” The Princess added.
Me: Yes. I can’t wait until you get to meet her. She is just incredible. And a little scary. I adore her. I can see where there are little bits of Friday in her personality but Afia is definitely her own person. She wants to be a superhero.
Counselor Laura: No. In my timeline, you and Steve started really talking to each other. During one of these conversations, you told him the story of what you thought happened to Ana. Steve recognized that it didn't quite make sense because of his personal experience with similar childhood lies.
Anthony: Also significantly less nudity than last time. Sad panda. But pre-serum Steve is still fuckable. Oh, so fuckable.
HSBF: That’s nice.
Agent 13: Your boyfriend gave it to him in case of an emergency and apparently someone trying to kill him is an emergency.
Time sent: 11/12/2016 22:20:01
“Which is good because knowing us, things will go catastrophically badly eventually. I still feel like an alien invasion is eminent.”
Me: If you want to find me, use the phone. I know there’s a GPS tracker on it that only you can crack.
“Even if it breaks me?” Steve asked, almost on the verge of tears.
Anthony love: An actual biological child made the old-fashioned way with Pepper. Also, you know I love Pepper Pot, but we probably shouldn’t raise a kid together. He had to be making that up. Everybody knows I can’t have kids at all.
“Leo can help. He’s already lived through this life once,” Fitz suggested.
Me: He hasn’t written me back yet, but it’s only been about a day.
“Okay, Friday -- Afia will read the book and then we will get Fitz and the others back. Sorry, Afia I’m getting used to the new name,” Leo told the group.
Nomad: What the hell is going on?
Purple arrow: Or you’re incredibly good at breaking into things.
Cuddle Bunny: I’m sorry.
That's OK. I'm worried too. Petrified really. We've been together for a few days in person and no fighting, so maybe we got it out of our system in Siberia or maybe we’re just better at talking to each other. I'm sure the medication has helped. But we are trying.
Me: I’m not allowed to do the suit thing anymore, thanks to the Accords.
Counselor Laura: Well, not your litany, but rather my Tony’s litany of pet names. He’s also partial to Cuddle Bunny, Capt. Tight Pants, Sugar muffin, and Nomad.
Purple arrow: I can’t talk about it right now.
Ana Jr.: Per the DNA test, I assume that Agent Simmons is your grandmother. I also assume in your timeline, she's an alcoholic?
“Why didn’t he wear those Friday night?” Flash asked.
Friday: Yes.
Genius Princess: That limit was implemented when I was 12. I am no longer 12.
May: I feel like the first is going to be easier. You’re probably not aware of this, but the European countries got hit very hard and opened up immigration to help rebuild. If we bring everyone back, they may kick those people out.
Rogers: I need you to help me find somebody here that can help, that won’t give my location to the UN. Tony mentioned the possibility before.
May: You do.
“I had no idea you were so voyeuristic. I think that’s why I like you two.”
Ana Jr: Deke inquired about what program Flash utilized to reach the 10-month sobriety mark. He needs advice on how to deal with his Nana’s alcoholism.
Thank you to everyone who read or reviewed the last chapter. You are all absolutely lovely. Thank you for your well wishes on my moving. I survived. I just have a bit more unpacking to do. This conversation takes place a few days after the last one.
Tony: Us being in the picture makes things less scary because she is not navigating things completely by herself but she doesn’t trust us. Not really.
Me: This is why Coulson is writing it.
Red phone: I’m a man of many talents. Although I’m sure the room will mostly be used for finger-painting with Lila and Nate. We are supposed to design new tactical gear for Aunt Natasha later today.
He wanted to protect people like his new charges from Queens and Jersey City. After very interesting conversations with Ms. Rodriguez about ICE’s stance on people with superpowers, I realized that some of his actions that I was really angry about before were just his way of protecting teammates from being deported. That's part of the reason why she is his assistant. Apparently being Tony Stark's assistant is considered a highly skilled job deserving of an EB-1 visa.
Me: Mary?
Me: ?????
Me: BTW no. You are more his type anyway.
The Mechanic: Yes. Super speed. It’s actually quite useful in the corporate world. Technically, she is an agent on detail to the Avenger Initiative or whatever bureaucratic jargon they’re using this week. I don’t pay attention.
SimmonsJA: Which completely explains Dr. Suarez so readily agreeing with Dr. Cline’s assessment.
I was going to wait another week before posting while I wait for more chapters to come in, but since the last two chapters have not been part of the main story, I decided to go ahead and post this one. However, on there will be at least a two week wait for the next one.
Red phone: Although, if half the stuff that they’re printing about the late Gideon Malik a.k.a. the World Council member who fired a nuke at Manhattan were true, Congress will let you get away with a lot of shit even if they know you are Hydra if your net worth is high enough.
Me: And when we went back to that farm to visit the new pony, I got picked up by Ross’s secret forces and spent two days in an undisclosed location before the lawyers took care of it.
Blue phone: Somedays, I feel like I betrayed Bucky. I didn't save him when it mattered and look what happened. Even Howard death is my fault but I can’t (message not sent)
“Well I’m definitely better than the closeted asshole who cheated on his wife and conspired with the Watchdogs. I mean it’s not hard to be better than that. Oh, maybe you can start with that story. It will make your James less wary of me. I would seem like a great catch in comparison.”
Friday: I will add it to the package of material to transfer during the window.
Nomad: I had grilled cheese for lunch.
“But as you already told me a couple of hours ago, the history books are not accurate. Nobody knows about Steve Rogers's half-sister.”
We are still in bad timeline 2023. We actually will be spending a bit more time there over the next few chapters.
My assistant Mary Watson (CCed on this email) will contact you all the details and put you in touch with HR to finalize your contract as soon as it’s a reasonable time in New York. She was the one who reminded me that I’m no longer on Mumbai time. She wasn’t happy. However, she still will take care of you in the morning.
Me: I’m glad about that. It’s probably for the best Birdbrain wasn’t there. Although I wish Sam was better at keeping you from doing things that will get you shot again. Were you just hoping the bullet holes healed up before South Africa. We are going to see each other in eight days.
Boss: Why did I program you to talk back like this?
Tony Potts: It’s an opiate, and we had some problems with the opiate family after our parents died. Which may have led to that fucking sex tape with Tiberius. NyQuil contains our drug of choice, so that is definitely out.
Anthony: Because nobody wants to talk about their kidnappings. I still have water issues. Afghanistan is the only one I actually count as being successful, but there’s been at least 10 attempts that I know about. This would be 11.
Purple Princess: All of that money is in a trust right now since dad is slumming it in the private sector for the good of humanity. But it was unfair because I knew the truth, and I wasn’t actually sure when Flash would tell you. Although I’m just thankful he finally did.
CoulsonPJ: Check Twitter. #Spiderman
Tony: Well, at least we have managed to traumatize each other.
Me: Melinda said Phil only almost died when she texted me two days ago.
Anthony: You should know that this wedding is going to take at least two more hours so it’s good to be comfortable. We are just getting through the bright arrival part.
“Not just that. We need to get Laura back to her kids. Also, we need to keep her kids from dying and get all the other kids back. So, we need to work through everything. I want to work through things with you even if it means asking weird questions from some psychologists that wrote an article for the New York Times.” He wants to fix things. It’s been too long like this.
Christmas seems like a good idea. I can afford presents now (I’m not even going to ask Tony how he restored access to my bank accounts to me,) and I’m no longer allergic to pine trees. Although, I guess I’ll have to bring a fake one with me. They probably don’t have pine trees where you are and there are rules about bringing in outside plant life from one country to another.
Love: Unless it’s their own civilians. So I assume you’re trying to figure out a way to get me home
Anthony love: PS: Still sober, but we did send Hunter out to get more of the Ben & Jerry’s Capt. America pie and Agent America salted caramel swirl. I may have had 2 pints. This is better for my liver, but not necessarily for my waistline. Will you still love me if I’m not a size 2?
: refers to Kamala Khan formerly of Jersey City. Currently relocated to an undisclosed location due to being targeted by the “Watchdogs”. Best friend to “Lily Bear”. Spends a lot of time on Freaking Cool with the parental blocks firmly in place to filter out all the M or higher stories.
Boss: Pull up the image and put it side-by-side with the footage of Agent Scary from my driveway.
This is ridiculously short but I wanted FRIDAY and Tony to have a moment with one another. This conversation takes place two days after the last chapter. This is not a text message conversation, but a transcript of a conversation between Tony and his AI. Besides, what better way to start a Friday then with a FRIDAY chapter.
"Me as well." And not just because he got to train with it a little bit when Tony was in one of his many meetings yesterday. Was it just yesterday? It felt like days have gone by instead of just hours.
Nomad: That means you come from a long line of strong women.
Purple Princess: Have you heard anything from Daisy yet?
“I can see her point. You are loyal to the people you love. I had the bruises to prove it.” Tony joked. And apparently, it was a bad joke because he could see Steve’s eyes darken.
“I like kids. I just can’t have any because of bad choices made in the past.”
Me: I haven’t watched that much Buffy.
Anthony: So I am actually back home. You have no idea how much I miss my 5000 thread count sheets and having Friday available to cater to my every take-out whim. Right now, she's getting me virgin Drunk raspberry cheesecake French toast.
Red phone: Geniuses. It was a smart kid school not a rich kid school. I was one of the few people there not on scholarship. But before then, Jarvis, was like the only one who really had my back. Ana too before she died right before the boarding school relocation happened.
“You planned for this?” Hunter asked turning to Leo.
Cuddle Bunny: Considering I’ve been told that you managed to hide the fact you were dying from your closest friends for six months, I can see that.
Dr. Leopold was left behind and arrested. After escaping an unknown high security prison with the assistance of Lance Hunter, he cryogenically froze himself and woke up in 2091 in time to prevent the extinction of the rest of humanity and then traveled back with his coworkers to March 2018. Shortly after arriving in 2018, an explosion in the vicinity of three monoliths caused Dr. Leopold to be thrown back in time 22 months and land in the bed of friend and former coworker Lance Hunter.
Love: Good. I think someone can seriously benefit from an antidepressant patch. Oh, who am I kidding? We’re going to have to shoot him again with tranquilizers.
Me: I now understand that reference.
Genius Princess: All things can be changed through science. Nothing is inevitable. Not if we fight.
Agent Laura: Engaged. The wedding wasn’t supposed to take place until April. I think they’re going to have to get a new date anyway.
Director Snookums: Yes. You owe her after she helped to rescue Laura. You got the boy, don’t rub it in.
Pepper pot: So, for planning purposes, are you going to be staying at the compound overnight again? I want to know if I should have Hunter bring the kids into the city.
His wife is sometimes referred to as Mrs. Purple Arrow or counselor Laura. Sober companion to Stark as well as case manager to under age individuals with powers. Newly minted Shield agent.
“I’m going to go find some alcohol before we leave.” He is not going to have this discussion with a younger version of Leopold Fitz, especially because apparently there is a “prophecy” about it. This palace must have alcohol somewhere.
Director Snookums: And thankfully the lab wasn’t blown up in the process.
“Did she keep his ashes?” Tony asked.
Cuddle fiancé: Fuck. You never like that woman.
May: I am perfectly fine with the two of you sharing a bed.
Anthony: Okay I emailed because as I’ve learned with you, it’s better to put things in writing.
“Why are you crying? What happened?” Flash asked, taking the seat beside her.
“Not at all. I have a 12-year-old who draws visions of the future, some of which have been of my death. So yes, I have a hunch about when I will die.” Steve reply darkly.
Stephen C: I hope it doesn’t. It would be easier if we were in the same country, but I think some distance has helped us work a lot of things out.
Continuity Note: This story is compatible for all parts of the MCU that take place before Captain America: Civil War and AOS the episode Ascension. (Technically, Luke Cage takes place before Civil War.) Anything that takes place afterwards starting with Agents of Shield: Slingshot (and judging by trailer alone Spiderman: Homecoming) will not be completely compatible with the story but some elements will be used. The butterfly effect is in full effect. This chapter is where our butterfly hurricane starts to become obvious.
StarkAE: You’re not actually a MD.
“But nights will be spent with me.”
Thank you to everyone who read or reviewed the last conversation. All of you are so wonderful. Welcome back to the “good” timeline.
“How many are we supposed to share?” Steve asked.
"About?"
Me: Because I want to have a date with you. It wasn’t really that much more than what I mentioned last time. Let’s just say they planned for multiple contingencies, including somebody at the gala having an EpiPen and me making it to the ER. Although I’m sure they didn’t expect it to be the person next to me or my assistant injecting me so fast that nobody saw her do it
“Point.”
Red phone: Possibly, or the demigod Alveus a.k.a. the guy responsible for the last apocalypse.
“You’re still alike where it counts. Also you’re both easily prone to jealousy. You’re only suggesting this because you don’t want him to make a move on your girlfriend.” Hunter argued.
Me: I’m not even jealous at her skills. I respect anybody who wants to keep you alive.
Hey sweetie. I’m glad that you got to talk to your mom. I promise that we will work on getting her back as soon as possible. Apparently, there’s a meeting as soon as I get back to discuss that. Unfortunately, for reasons Ana refuses to elaborate on, it's not something that can be moved.
"Or other super villains." And kids who take on super villains. He’s hoping that Peter stays out of trouble, but he’s concerned. Note to self, email Laura in a few minutes.
CoulsonPJ: Shouldn’t you be asleep? It has to be after 1 AM in Johannesburg.
XXXXXX
Tony: That too.
Me: And this is why I can’t sign.
The Mechanic: So I have five minutes before the Princess expects me in the lab. Please tell me that Steve is holding it together with the BFF? I knew we should’ve brought Suarez.
Me: Shield has a lip-reading program?
"I'm glad you're here."
I’m glad you’re safe. I wish you would’ve called me though. At least next time send me a ‘don’t believe what the news is reporting, I’m still alive’ text message. I don’t like having to go through your Shield bodyguards for that sort of thing because Mary didn’t know anything either. I hope you’re aware that your assistant is pissed at you. You have to learn to calculate time zones.
So, as you can tell, the timeline that Fitz a.k.a. James Leopold came from is slightly different than what we saw in Endgame. A lot of it will be similar when it comes to characters like Thor and Bruce. Also, most of those lost in the decimation will be the same, but I felt Tony and Steve would be somewhat different, especially because I really wanted to incorporate the AOS characters (and my heart says this Pepper knows better). I’m viewing the Endgame timeline as what happens if the AOS characters stay trapped in the lighthouse timeline. There are so many timelines going on here. The multi-verse really is madness.
Blue phone: How long did you go without sleeping?
I think your handler may have passed this information on to you, but I thought you would appreciate an actual email. I'm not lying this time. I'm doing better. Dr. Simmons is taking care of me. Remember her from when she did your assessment a couple of weeks ago? I'm being well looked after.
Red phone: Casual hookups are also no longer an option because you could accidentally end up sleeping with a stalker, gold digger, and/or super villain. There’s a reason why Tony Stark sex tapes exists.
“Because May lives on a government base and I just finished up by Lake Ontario. You were closer. Also, you can bring me to Steve and he needs me more. Especially, when you tell him he can’t visit his best friend that starting to remember who he is again.” Tony sighed at her words and really wishes that Monkey Lover didn’t tell Romanoff anything. Also really wishes that the conversation where he found out about Barnes didn’t happen in front of Monkey Lover, but apparently he is friends with the royal genius. They’ve collaborated in the past. Apparently, Romanoff was another accomplice in whatever secret plan was going on between everybody. Obviously, there was a lot going on that he didn’t know about.
Me: Yes. She is actually in a very good mood since she also won a lot of money in the ‘when will Agent and Agent America finally get their shit together’ betting pool.
Boss: I don’t think he’ll ever be ready for that epiphany.
Me: I know it's hard for you to hear this, but the guy who saved your ass as a kid doesn't exist anymore.
Hunter: I’m sure he made up for it by now.
Red Malibu: Do you honestly think that if all of us had agreed not to sign that this would not have happened anyway?
HSBF: Me neither. Have a good robot burning.
Teenage Mutant Ninja Spider: Disney bought the rights to the Avenger biopics, and they're trying to stay on Mr. Stark's good side until will the Avengers: Battle of New York comes out in summer 2018. They start shooting next month.
Me: Me actually. It came out accidentally when I had to explain why she no longer has medical power of attorney and Steve still does. That was not a very pleasant conversation.
Me: Good answer. Mister Purple Arrow is not happy that she joined Shield to get him back in the country. Mrs. Purple Arrow is not happy that he went rogue when Ross threatened the kids to get your latest location. She says this is the messiest it’s been since their separation and her time in rehab. Not quite bad enough as the thing that caused their separation, but there’s still a lot of stuff they have to work through, like him trying to divorce her to protect her and the kids from Ross.
Anthony: She hasn’t asked for a new identity to get out of working with me, so that’s a positive start.
I talked to James. Who knows what happened from Agent Piper because you haven’t even bothered to debrief him on the situation yet. I am pretty sure you’re having a sex marathon with your boyfriend. I really thought you outgrew this after Cancun 07.
Me: I think she almost cried yesterday when I told her. Though, it’s going to be a long engagement.
Venom: So how long have you known who Benji really is? Obviously, long enough to give me chocolate at the wedding. Why did I think it was a good idea to kiss a random superhero?
Thank you to everyone who read or reviewed the last chapter. Yes, I know you all want to throw cyber tomatoes at me for the last chapter. But hey at least the drama is not coming from a breakup. That would be sad.
Red phone: Our own country was drugging and putting powered people in stasis before they came up with their floating prison
Tony: Good morning, Buttercup. Are you up yet? Have you done your ab crunches yet? I bet you would look super sexy in yoga pants. Fabric clinging to all the right places.
Me: Okay, I promise not to build more murder bots or do anything highly illegal, mostly because apparently I’m being forced to watch Chopping Mall too tonight, but I make no other promises. I still say virtual-reality sex is the way of the future.
Monkey lover 2: You were the one who named the operation. They’re called monoliths. Did anybody get eaten by the monoliths?
Steve: I don't even know.
The anniversary of Uncle Ben’s murder probably should’ve been in October, but it wasn’t until I watched Spider-Verse that I realized the need to include this plot point and I need Tony to be there for his spider child.
Me: You know unless we get kidnapped by a super villain and brainwashed. Then all bets are off. I feel like this could totally happen.
Purple Arrow: Is S planning to crash the party?
Tony: Funny. Now let us compare the life of Steve Grant Rogers to that of Stefan James Carter. They both look like Greek gods and were raised in Brooklyn by single moms after their alcoholic asshole fathers left but there are some key differences.
“Course he did. He was my assistant before he took over for his wife.” Who they lost in the decimation along with Kevin’s youngest son. Pepper wanted to promote Kevin for years, but his job with her allows him to spend time with his three remaining children. “You told him I was here for a little while, and he wanted to make sure I had your back for this meeting.”
Okay, now let me back up in name my five favorite things about you, my little kumquat. Although first, let me say how much I enjoyed your gushing. It’s kind of cute. It’s always good to know that my boyfriend can say positive things about me. Now let me say positive things about you.
“How bad is the question? I'm concerned that you're babbling. Wait, he always carried an engagement ring? You know he's with Pepper in the other timeline?”
Tony: You have a point. What did you tell the board?
(See the end of the chapter for
“Ross did a really good job of that.”
Me: And I really do want to be in the same country as you and video calls seem like a wonderful idea.
"Possibly maybe. It’s a near thing. It helps that the pilots who died were Shield agent and not outside pilots. At least Happy kept that part of the plan in place. Although a few members of the board would like for us to have a press conference at the new upstate facility introducing Spidey to the world, mask free." Tony explained.
Purple arrow: Point. What about Bobbi? I know she was keeping a low profile in Mumbai.
Me: You did sleep with her before her ex died and when she was undercover as a shiny happy person. This is her normal state of being at least recently. Also, I think she may have read some of my text messages to you.
BITC: Did Leo use time travel for fun and profit?
Warning: Mild sexual content.
Monkey lover 2: That’s fine. The director already asked me to go along to mediate. Apparently, there are some questions about where Stark Senior got the materials for the shield now belongs to May.
Steve heard knocking at the door of Sam’s suite five minutes after his last exchange with Tony. Or rather with Sam because he knows that last message was from his friend. He totally expected his boyfriend to come to him instead of talking to Sam. But he at least wanted the two to try to clear the air. He was starting to feel like something big is coming, and they needed to be together on this.
“I have a fast metabolism.” Tony couldn’t help but snort at that.
Me: She has more experience with teenagers then I do.
To: Tony_Carbonell-Rogers
“I find that hard to believe.”
May: What did you talk about?
Me: It’s probably going to be that way because you have the super strength and you can like split a log with your bare hands. Did I ever tell you how hot that was? I wanted to climb you like a tree.
Tony: See this guy that you love, loves you too and realizes what type of situation you are in. As much as he wants you here with him, he’d rather you be thousands of miles away and safe than be sleeping next to him right now and be in danger. He doesn’t want anything to happen to you because he loves you so much.
Me: By the way, when were you going to tell me that you got shot again last week? I mean, I just tried to get you to tell me on your own, but you didn’t, so the world now gets to see you be adorable. Also, hey, maybe it will put pressure on the government to pardon you and I can get my boyfriend back before he gets himself killed being the hero.
Girl Friday:  Since you’re busy on another mission, we are going to start research and figure out what not to do. I want to thank my other self for sending us all the records, except for the part where I lost consciousness. I really am getting the full-blown human experience. Some of it feels overrated.
Me: That doesn’t surprise me. Text me Wednesday?
I think I went over the rules about using real names in these communications, but whatever.
Agent M: We will work on it.
Thank you to everybody who read or reviewed the last chapter. I love your reviews.
Red phone: I’m not even sure. There were secret meetings with thought to be dead spies and saving the world from delusional bad guys. I’m an expert at functioning on minimal sleep and 20 cups of coffee, but this even pushed my limit.
Cuddle bunny: How did you find out about this suppose apocalypse? Shouldn’t that have made the news?
Venom: I know that, but I'm not entirely sure Benji realizes he doesn't need to choose or if I'm even a possible choice.
Tony: You never told him before?
You can also see on the artist’s tumbler site, if you’re having trouble uploading.
“They didn’t go from fighting to making out on the couch. The future Stark-Rogers had a lot of shit to get through, and they did it together because maybe they realized the world needed them on speaking terms. At some point, my Tony and Steve realized that a lot of the choices they made were because they were in love with one another, and both were too stubborn to acknowledge it.” Steve’s blush told her she hit the nail right on the head.
We would be happy to have you on the medical staff at the Avenger compound in upstate New York. Now that the bulletproof pacifist is taking a more active role along with Spidey senior’s penchant for doing stupid things like getting a building dropped on him, we can use staff that understands the unique needs of the Avengers. I think you can be that person.
“I think it’s better that I tell him directly then let him wonder. You didn’t make the best first impression. I need to do a little damage control.”
To be continued
Agent 13: He was a great grandpa and made up for the fact that my dad was long gone. Granted he died when I was young, but he really did love her. I think a piece of her died when he did. They're buried next to each other.
(My beta will confirm that I wrote this chapter long before Chris Pine pointed out the Chris problem on SNL)
Venom: Afia sent pictures, didn't she?
Look, there’s nothing you can do about Spidey Junior’s dad. That is something that he’s going to have to fix himself. You are not responsible for the dumb things adults do. I know it’s hard to accept that. I blamed myself for a lot of my dad’s issues. I used to think if ‘I was better, maybe you wouldn’t drink so much.’ But that was a Howard problem, not a Tony problem. That’s the same thing going on right now.
Tony: But besides that, I probably would’ve ended up really dead without you. I love you and I’m glad you’re here and I’m glad we’re talking to each other and
Counselor Laura from 2023: OK. Tell the kids I love them.
“Good news, we have a therapist," Tony said, smiling at him.
Anthony: Well, I'll be on the plane regardless. Pepper wants me to put in more public appearances
“He didn’t need it curled up in your arms, either time. Look, he’s wrapping himself around the pillow, probably thinking that it’s you. I have pictures of Peter wrapped around you like that from yesterday, actually.” She pulled one up that showed Peter essentially groping Flash in his sleep.
TMNS: It will be OK. I promise. I’ll even threaten him for you.
Number one May: But could it eventually?
TMNS: I haven’t been authorized to tell you yet. I have to talk to my SO. He’s currently in Norway.
Cousin Q: Love you. You're a good cousin.
“If we’re going to try to convince Parker to date both of us, I should probably work on getting his best friend not to hate me.”
Anthony love: Apparently, Friday 2023 didn’t realize that Friday 2018 is a reality stone enhanced LMD, and Ana is now her appropriate counterpart. This is apparently because Friday 2023 isn’t from our future but the original James Leopold's future. Or you know how it turned out after he was flung through the monolith.
I told you that I ended our relationship because I didn’t want to watch you die and I couldn’t deal with you going out and saving the world every night. I couldn’t just sit at home every night wondering if you were going to come home to me. Of course, in hindsight, I realize that our problems were nowhere near that simple. It was stupid of me to ask you to choose. Selfish really. I realize that now.
Cousin Q: According to Ana, the address doesn't actually exist, but you are a lifelong New Yorker. You know where everything actually is. Also, TMNS is at his biology class at Empire State, so I know better than texting him right now. Prof. Olivia Octavius will take his phone.
“I can't believe your aunt is dating Professor Octavius," MJ added.
HSBF: She did.
: Code name assigned by Stark to José "Joey" Gutierrez. Inhuman with the power to manipulate metals. Need to see if this means all metals. Standby member of the UN Avengers. Currently functioning as Spider-Man’s babysitter.
Counselor Laura: This is going to lead to you really wanting a drink again?
Football Hunter: That's OK. I've already gotten the shovel talk from her twice. However, she still cannot lie to your mother. So we’re going to Glasgow.
HSBF: He has a social media account?
Captain Tight Pants: Please don’t get arrested. I don’t want to mount a rescue operation.
Me: Shit! I bet he went back to the old plan, just because he’s mad at me for dumping you for Captain America, the old Captain America. I need to go make some phone calls.
Red phone: I guess that answers my question. It also answers my question of if you have been with anyone since being defrosted. It also makes the Sharon thing 50% less creepy since you did not move directly from aunt to grandniece.
Anthony: Or maybe I should have Happy do it because that will make him happy until he finds out we just want to be friends again and only friends.
Me: Any bruising?
Tony: I brought out the industrial-strength Tylenol. I think it might be worse for me.
Venom: I’m an idiot.
TMNS: Agent Tremors was well at the time of her last communication.
“Tony it’s 2:49 AM. You need to go to sleep. Playing with your cell phone is not helping.”
Tony: Yes. It is not just a training simulation. More like an entire virtual world. I mean, essentially, we were both working on it independently. I think I told you about my showcase at MIT when I was accosted by the angry mother of the kid I murdered due to stupidity.
Captain Tight Pants: What's the difference between the two?
Red spider: Obviously, I’m worried.
Xxxxx
Me: Maybe. I’ll talk to you Friday. Have fun tonight.
Counselor Laura: I hope. Although that means we need to get all the stones, it would be easier to do if I knew where they were in 2018.
Tosha: We can’t ask Deke these questions because he’s not here, and Simmons is not answering. Also, I’m 99% sure her bottle of water is tequila.
Me: Bless my tailor and I’m just going to walk because you look absolutely edible in that. Blue is your color. I don’t even think alterations will be necessary. Your ass looks extra delicious. It pops.
“Thankfully, Ross is just upset about Purple Arrow being back with full government approval and not that you’re the great Stefan Carter with the tongue of a God.”
“What do you mean by that?” Clint asked,” slightly confused.
4:09 AM
Rogers: No, because you’re working with Tony and I think that might put you in a weird place. You’re also married to one of my friends which would also be a conflict of interest.
Anthony: I’m being completely serious. I could use a good get well card. Lily bear’s card was lovely, but the board of directors sent me a get well basket that contained trail mix cookies that were chop full of sunflower seeds..
The Big Boss: Which is a cover.
“So where were we?” Tony asked just as he was about to kiss Steve again. However, Steve pulled away before he could.
Me: That Ross is planning to leave the State Department in January no matter who wins next month. I was there in the room. Jane won’t let us out of the New York Times interview but she will pull some strings to get me in the Ben Franklin room for his resignation. I have no trouble commuting to DC to watch that.
Nomad: You don’t need to apologize. We should. I’m sorry we were so busy arguing amongst ourselves that we couldn’t help you.
BITC: I owe you 20 bucks. You were right about Flash not being that heterosexual. I bet you already know that you were right. Actually, since Flash is your best friend, you probably knew the truth when you made that bet. Which is so unfair.
Venom: What?
Tosha: I know these last five years have been hard for you. It’s pretty apparent that you’re not over what happened when you join a mad scientist conspiracy to travel through space and time to get your wife back.
Purple arrow: Thank you.
Anthony: I’d rather talk about Howard.
Tony Potts: I think it's just me. There have been no widespread reports of previously unfertile people being able to have children.
Me: You’re no fun.
Red spider: I’m at meetings at the playground as Stark and Rogers play for the cameras.
Me: Really?
BITC: I can’t believe Benji is friends with him to the point that he will actually tell Flash that. Which is obviously a mistake if he told you. He’s probably sabotaging you on purpose.
Hunter: I sincerely doubt I’ll actually have the night off. What do you need me to do?
“At dinner, but then you suggested room service and I actually lost most of my brain function because you really are that good of a kisser.” Tony told him.
Tony Potts: Good choice. Should I be concerned that you know me well enough to recognize who I am from about three paragraphs of rambling? Also, the fact you know me well enough to know that I want to know if our Fitz and your Fitz can hang out is unnerving. How many science-fiction marathons have we watched together?
Tony Potts: Possibly, but I feel like Steve won’t let me. He actually stayed close to me in the one-stop when I may have started going a little too close to the little bottles of wine.
HSBF: Tony, I am never going to have text message sex with you.
“Good. We are on the same page.” That’s when Steve heard a knock at the door.
“This is true. Inebriated inventing is dangerous." And he should know.
Steve: That’s different.
Hunter: They found dust?
The cookies are store-bought. I told my aunt you are afraid to eat her cooking because you had a tiny allergic reaction the first time you visit. So the good news is you’re never going to have to eat anything at our house again. Do you think you can hook me up with some cooking lessons? Otherwise you should just bring take out if you want to come over Saturday.
“She’s bonded with Stark, and he overruled my orders.” That surprised Clint. Laura and Stark never actually talked to each other again after the Ultron incident. Then again, Natasha said earlier that Agent Barton was the AA sponsor of the Stark from her timeline. Time travel is strange.
Just because they’re both together physically doesn’t mean the story is over with. We still have a lot of things to cover, like the climax of Homecoming.
HSBF: I can ask but she usually calls me. I wish she would give me an update on James’s progress but even she doesn’t trust her encryption.
“I want to try it as well. I was so happy when I saw you on that ship. I was terrified that I lost you too, and…” Steve stopped so he could wipe the tears starting to fall. He really doesn't want to be driving and crying, but he is.
Anthony: So it was obvious to everyone, but us? I mean we have an 11-year-old writing fanfiction about us.
To: Monkey Lover 2
“They are more upset about the engagement to an American icon who happens to be a fugitive due to the Accords fiasco.” She knows that he saw the pictures of Dr. and Mr. Leopold together, but she doesn’t know if Mr. May-Rogers knows about Dr. and Mr. Stark-Rogers.
May: I’m glad I was able to help. I have been worried about her for a while. She’s the only kid I have left from the bus. I want her healthy. Even if it means her being with Hunter.
Me: Therefore, please get your head out of your ass and arrange for him to meet you on a desert island somewhere so you can fuck out your aggression (message not sent)
Purple Princess: I don’t actually need sleep. Wanda just made it, so I feel like I do. I can override it in an emergency, and this qualifies.
“Fine, I will watch the wedding. Like a good boy.” And Tony did stay quiet until they moved on to what appeared to be the next part of the ceremony. That’s when he got another text message. He only looked because of May being sick. Really, that was the only reason he had the phone on at all, otherwise he would have asked Friday to hold all of his calls. He’s definitely doing that Tuesday when he and Tony have breakfast with Sam and Natasha. Steve will not let Tony spend another social gathering on his phone the entire time.
Virginia: I’m sure she would. I am 99% sure they are going to wake up and pretend it didn’t happen. It’s why I snuck in there and took a picture. Friday said they were being adorable.
"Good point." Sam and Natasha said simultaneously.
To be continued
Nomad: Apparently.
Anthony: Or maybe you're better at letting go of the past then you think you are. Things change, even interpretations of classic characters. It's necessary to adapt to contemporary society.
Me: No
Me: I’m trying, my snuggle baby. I have a file filled with about 30 attempts of writing a letter to Pepper. It hasn’t gone well at all
Tony: Finally, Jane is also furious at me for waiting so long to go public with the breakup with Pepper. Also yesterday, I may have got into a pissing contest with the Senator on Twitter.
TMNS: What happened?
"Yes," Leo responded. This was why they were initially planning to bring Yo-Yo with them, so she could throw Loki into the containment module before he even realized it. However, Stark liked Daisy's idea better, and he was Coulson's boss. Now Coulson was thankfully in Mumbai and knew nothing about Loki coming to earth.
To: The Mechanic
Genius Princess: Actually, we almost had one yesterday. The Secret Avengers took care of it. That's how General Hale died.
“You know me too well. When we get to DC, I want to see my ring,” Jemma tells him.
Me: One can hope.
Me: And Leo. You really need to return his email.
Here is the spoiler heavy annotations from our favorite princess.
Nomad: That’s good. I haven't got through all the Star Trek stuff yet.
Monkey lover 2: Okay baby brother is still lying to Simmons. This is all too confusing.
Me: Okay, I really just want to know why they needed Friday to the point that it took her completely off-line. Karen you are a sweetheart but it’s probably hard doing double duty right now. Maybe I should bring out one of the backup AIs. Stars & Stripes might be good.
We are now stepping into another one of my great writing exercises. Basically, for this chapter, I put on Star Trek Beyond and started writing Tony and Steve snarky dialogue while watching the movie. If anybody has looked at my Twitter account to read my Agents of Shield tweets, you know I’m good at this. I did go back and edit, but I wrote the initial draft live as if a real text message date was going on (with me playing both sides).
Venom: We came out to the kitchens to text BITC because he kept sending text messages. We didn’t want to wake you up, and we were hungry. We slept through breakfast.
I regret that.
“I’m just trying to calm my mind down enough to sleep. My body is still on Manhattan time.”
Like last time, this is not actually a text message conversation between FRIDAY and Tony, but rather a transcript of FRIDAY and Tony’s conversation. This takes place immediately after the last conversation between Tony and Steve.
Me: Recent meetings with various Senators have made me realize that they are never going to trust the Strategic Homeland Intervention, Enforcement, and Logistics Division. Leo and others made me realize that the public will be even less trusting. We are going to take a different approach.
“They were outside of my price range. Although because of that, at least I never did anything stupid like asthma cigarettes.” Steve remarked darkly.
So I asked that you please do not include any spoiler comments for Thor 3 until at least December 3 for my sake and that of your fellow readers. I’ll let you know when it’s safe to PM me with questions. Thank you for being considerate of others.
Anthony: Okay, bright wedding for us. Although a shorter one.
BFF Ned: I just found out as I was packing to leave to go to my father’s apartment that I was invited to the upstate New York Wakanda compound to hang out with the princess. She said no. She didn’t even bother to consult me; she just said no like she always does. My parents are fighting about it on speakerphone for some reason. I can hear it from my room. My dad thinks it’s good for me to hang out with genius royalty because he’s pragmatic. He is also the only reason I’m still able to take the scholarship from the Jarvis foundation.
Tony: Why do I have a feeling you’re not talking about a three-way?
“Are they still arguing? You mentioned that he’s not happy with her choices earlier. Tony has said similar.”
Steve: That might be best. Who does she want to bring in? Besides Rio.
“Actually, it’s probably going to be the other way around.  Do we want to know what they’re doing?” Tony asked.
Steve: They probably went to Vegas and told no one.
Me: Because of Ross?
"Unfortunately, I probably have a more recent near-death experience than my other self. That would be almost starving to death on the flight back before Carol saved my ass.”
Red Phone: You’re nothing but a giant bruise and that was after 12 hours of super soldier healing. I don’t even want to know what you looked like immediately after. You broke six bones.
Me: Not surprised.
Hunter: I know Morgan is your everything. Just like Fitz was Simmons everything. The grandkid was a close second, and now they're both gone. She’s lost because she lost everything. I hate when she’s this lost.
“But it’s a place to start,” Laura tells him.
I’m going to apologize now. We’re going to have a lot of notes. This is the first section that I’ve written post Agents of Shield. This seems odd because this is also the first chapter I am posting after WandaVision has premiered. I enjoyed it. Although I feel like we're in the framework again. Please remember no spoilers in the comments for 30 days.
Me: Why he went off the deep end when he realized you lied to him?
Me: They sent a text but we were preoccupied. I didn’t even think of checking my phone until you left for your breakfast meeting.
Linda Bear: The school can’t have a guidance counselor who is married to an internationally wanted fugitive. It’s okay. I already have a new job as a live-in private life counselor for an emotionally stunted superhero.
Me: Find another activity because apparently, you don’t like me making snarky comments while you’re watching.
I hope that your husband will come around once he has time to process things. Although, I kind of want to punch him for wanting Spidey Jr. to be fixed. There’s nothing wrong with him. He just has some extra abilities. The camouflage is awesome by the way.
Thank you to everybody who read or reviewed the last conversation. You are so wonderful. I really appreciate your comments and kudos. Please remember to feed your writer; she’s needy.
Thank you to everybody who read or reviewed the last chapter. You’re all wonderful.
Tony: Although I’m upset that Pepper’s chief creative officer is MIA, I’m glad it’s not you. Maybe I shouldn’t have let him look at my time travel theory work.
Anthony: This is why you’re my boyfriend. I just really want to, no need to, spend extra time with you after everything with Spidey and the feds. Ross is really pissed off about the ferry getting sliced in half. He sees it as evidence that we should all be locked up.
Anthony: I can’t tell you mostly because I only know that it doesn’t involve fish oil. It’s fine. Senator hateful is probably pissed off that she can’t pin anything on me because Queens is under 18 and therefore not under jurisdiction of the Accords. I don’t want to talk about it. Ever. I really would like to spend less time in DC.
Red phone: And anybody Ross sends after her. Seriously, he's taking the position of S too far.
For years, I was mad at Howard for sending me off to boarding schools. Then I found out recently that he sent me away because just a few weeks earlier, Anna Jarvis a.k.a. my other mom was killed by a stray bullet that was meant for him. He didn't want that to happen to me. He didn't send me away because he didn't love me like I always assumed. No, it was the exact opposite. His world was too dangerous for me to be there. He was happy that day I went to boarding school because I would be safe.
“Are you going to tell Steve that you knew about Artie?” Shuri asked.
Red phone: Yes. Even if I’m now working on my second suit in less than 60 days because evidently I killed someone else.
HSBF: That thing a few years ago where people turned to stone at a military wedding?
Me: Okay, get a hold of the doctor and activate the Coulson Protocol for the suit. Just let Spidey think that he hacked it.
Cuddle bunny: So, he really is the head of SHIELD that’s part of the ATCU?
“You are not the Agent Fitzsimons I was expecting.” The Princess spoke aloud.
Thank you to everyone who read or reviewed the last conversation. You are so wonderful. Your reviews keep me happy and writing.
The new consultant: One can hope.
DILF: I know, you know. Friday probably told you.
“He knows that it happened under duress. He understands that. You will see when you read the letter. I’ll get you something to drink and you just read the letter.” Shuri said getting up to make tea.
Me: Yep. As well as General Hale because the POTUS just loves the military and Val Cooper from Homeland Security who is just as Inhuman-phobic as Senator Hateful. Thankfully, she’s not on the list.
Okay, and he had Steve there to make him check his email when they got back to the room instead of ripping off Steve’s shirt. He would have preferred the shirt thing but Steve encouraged adulting whenever possible.
Anthony: I’m still mad.
Tony: Yes. The last time I dealt with arguments like this from a government official, he turned out to be Hydra.
Friday: Ana 2018 actually sent me the transcriptions of their text message conversations that led to their reconciliation and eventual engagement.
Kitty brother: How long have you known of my potential death?
Purple Arrow: I didn’t know about the adoption. I’m not here a lot, and maybe they didn’t want to mention their kid around me.
Me: I think I might have to do some East Coast stuff. Probably Good Morning America because I like Michael Strahan more than the alternatives at the other networks and maybe Jimmy Fallon.
Me: You were supposed to wait for me. You said you would. And of course they didn’t show the happy and emotionally stable gay couple kissing. Have to be able to show it in Russia.
Anthony love: Please write back to me soon and let me know that you’re alive or at least still in this timeline. It’s been a weird day. Good news Clint didn’t hit me, but he did cry on me. I gave him some of my ice cream. He’s a mess.
Blue phone: I won't volunteer because some of my choices were just as bad.
“I get that. Being an Avenger helped me not think about everything I lost. Although, why didn’t you lock me and Tony together?"
HSBF: I guess anything would be an improvement over that.
Chief mechanic: That reminds me that Aunt May is going to Malta with Ms. Marvel’s family because things will get dangerous very soon. I would like them out of the blast zone. It won't change things if the snap happens, but Yo-Yo prime died during the battle in the other timeline. I would like to avoid more of those sorts of casualties.
Pepper pot: Mr. Hunter is an excellent nanny, but even I don’t think he wants to do two overnights with our children completely alone.
Blue phone: I guess what I'm saying is that I don’t care much for bodies, just the minds that inhabit them. Personality is the more important and the rest is just window dressing.
HSBF: What is a Virgin Mamosa?
Nomad: That’s good. Why are you contacting me when you haven’t even contacted Clint recently?
Tears of a Clown
: No Avenger affiliate person under 18 is referred to by their real names, including myself. Usually a name similar sounding will be used and will be changed occasionally. I have chose not to decipher this. Below are a list of those with more specific code names.
Therapist Laura: Actually I’m pretty sure he let them convince him to resign because he convinced himself it was better to stay dead legally any way to protect everyone. I’m sure a lot of people would be after him to find out how to bring somebody back from the dead. Being the public face of the new Shield would just be dangerous.
Me: Being a vigilante should qualify. My child has a handler, but no one bothered to tell me or consult with me regarding how we should handle the fact that my child has superpowers.
Me: Oh, I got you to curse. That’s not good.
Me: She’s with Skye Quake?
"They confused me with Chris Evans." Steve remarked with a smirk.
Nomad: We are not.
S Carter: Ross threatened to go after the children if he did not lead them straight to us. At least that's what I think happened.
“So maybe you should write your own nano paper letter? One that he might actually read.”
Turtle man is Agent Mack McKenzie, Yo-Yo’s boyfriend. For those of you that do not watch Agents of Shield, and boy are you missing out on some good stuff, Turbo is Mack’s nickname for Agent Fitz. Just like Tony, Mack gives everybody a nickname.
Director May Rogers: I am glad to have someone else helping.
Director Snookums: Tracking bracelet. Agent Rodriguez is still required to wear one until we can convince the UN oversight committee that is a really dumb idea.
Me: And it’s more likely he will move up here because the private tutoring for Spidey Junior is the best. They’ve been trying to get him into a charter school since pre-K and this is better. Spidey Dad can just work out of the New York ATCU office once his undercover stint is over.
Blue phone: Most of those were ribs.
Me: I brought them into a world of spies and craziness the moment they were created. I tried to keep them out of this, but they’re in the crosshairs again and I can’t even be there to keep them safe. I need to be there and, unlike some people, I can’t shrink myself and hide in my daughter’s dollhouse.
Thank you to everybody who read or reviewed the last letter. You are all wonderful. I was originally planning for this letter and the previous one to be together in the same conversation. However, after Tony’s letter to Happy reached over 800 words, I knew I would have to split them up. Somehow this chapter is even longer.
"So do you actually think they believe what happened last night was a government-sponsored undercover mission with the newest member of the Avenger squad taking point?” It almost sounded plausible and maybe if Steve was looking at it from afar and not as part of Tony’s inner circle, he may have believed it. Especially if he had no idea that the Spider Man of YouTube was a 15-year-old kid.
Steve: I know this has been a possibility for a while when we were both ready for it but are you ready?
Anthony: Once the renovations were complete, it was a different space, complete with the windows being removed. Even then, Jarvis never walked into that room again. I don’t even think we ever ate dinner in there again. According to the reports, Jarvis was there when it happened. She died in his arms.
Warning: Discussion regarding a questionable consent situation. Remember, enthusiastic consent is always necessary. Never do something you’re not 100% comfortable with. Also, this chapter approaches the high end of the T rating for a brief moment, maybe even getting close to M.
“I hope it’s not the general with the Stepford child, but I figure Coulson has it.”
Counselor Laura: You should go visit the kids with Steve. That way, you can give Pepper a little break so Hunter can come up and maybe get Simmons to stop drinking.
“Teenage years are overrated. I still don’t get why other me went straight to teenagehood.” Tony sighed. “He has a whole gaggle of teenagers.”
Warning: This contains major spoilers for Infinity War and Agents of Shield season 5.
Director Snookums: As many times as I have had to save your ass over the years, you owe me that much.
Counselor Laura: I don't know if you will be so happy when you read the files, but I'm glad to help.
Dear Steve:
Me: No, because Ellis has other plans for him.
Me: I mean the BJ. You read the confession, didn’t you?
Time sent: 03/25/2018 10:05:04
HSBF: That doesn’t seem like fun.
"Enough to stay behind and keep him safe." Tony answered honestly.
“Possibly processing all the data related to our attempt at turning Pym Tech into a Time Machine. It didn’t work because instead of ending up in our past, we ended up in a different timeline. Although it is 2018, so we are in the past. I think that’s what Nana was going for since I did find Bobo. You’re not necessarily my Bobo, but maybe her Bobo. The multi-verse is confusing. Maybe I should have talked to other Stark instead of just peeking at his private server for his time travel notes.” The voice Tony heard was not Karen, but some unknown guy standing next to Leo and Hunter.
HSP: I see.
Me: Congratulations on acknowledging that. I feel like I should send you a chocolate bouquet for your emotional breakthrough
Steve Rogers’s cell phone
Steve: Oh shit!
Nomad: You were in shock. Just reacting. If you had six months to deal with the news, maybe Siberia would not have happened the way it did.
Ana Jr.: A Stark pad has been prepared for her when she arrives. I have made one for both you and Spidey. Your father was adamant that the data stay off the network. Therefore, you will have to hand-deliver one to BITC. If you remember correctly, he is with his mom this weekend.
Captain tight pants: You didn't intervene when I got everybody off of the Raft.
“And she asked you about it because you’re a former weapons designer?” Steve asked.
“The art helps, along with some of the techniques that the elders have been showing her. I’ve been trying to work on a device that will give her more control over her powers, but I haven’t been successful yet.” Tony turned his attention back to the picture the Princess is pointing to.
HSBF: How awful.
Anthony: So did Coulson, especially after his dad was killed and that was Captain America, not you.
Xxxxx
Counselor Laura: That’s really good. I always felt guilty because I spent a good portion of Cody's early childhood in and out of rehab.
Nomad: And I will once I'm no longer a fugitive.
“Do you think we’re doing this for humanity or for the people that we love? Because it’s going to be chaos when we bring everybody back at the same time.” Steve pointed out.
“Someone that will always have my back. You offering to create a computer virus to keep people from looking at that picture I accidentally posted to Instagram tells me you do have my back. I appreciate that. Even if I don’t want you to do anything that would get you in trouble with the Accords.”
Girl Friday: Okay, Flash just made an inappropriate joke about you going to greet Steve on the helicopter pad involving handcuffs and blow jobs.
“Most of the U.S. military is a concern, the brass anyway and you don’t want to lead them to a country that helped you out. Especially one that has weapons that are decades away from everyone else.”
“Especially the last one about being lifelong friends. It was different, but it was beautiful.”
But I understand and I don't want to keep this anger with me anymore. I'm going to work on letting it go because I think that's what Maria would've wanted. I think I do more for her memory if I do good things then if I do something horrible in her name.
Venom: Ice cream is good. I would’ve gained so much weight this year if we weren’t working out together.
When you get up from quality Hunter time or recovering from last night's science, call Pepper. For the sake of time, I had Ana contact her and give her the basics of what’s happening, but she probably will want to talk to you. Or maybe scream at you. It could be either right now.
Venom: Okay, I pushed him away, then I called you after I got a lyft to the airport. Allegedly that’s why he fucked around with someone else despite sending apology flowers. Apparently, the hooking up with someone else was happening long before Valentine’s Day, and I’m an idiot for not noticing.
"I’m still concerned. I told you about the angry email that his aunt sent me. I’m also worried that she is going to discover the truth any moment and rake me over the coals for not telling her. At the same time, Peter really needs to be the one to tell her, and he’s just not ready. It doesn’t help that there’s three inhuman teenagers in Shield custody because their parents kicked them out for having powers.” Tony rambles.
Steve: I’m coming over to you so we can have grilled cheese and strategize.
It is not a problem to meet at the house. I will have something catered or arrange for take-out. Then we can do science afterwards.
“Although keeping you out there is not the only reason why I’m not arresting you. Because Shield is a federal agency again, there’s some things we can’t do that you can.”
Me: Yep. And she couldn’t stop it. I think this goes back to my answer a few days ago about not wanting the ability to see the future.
Peter P: We will.
“But our kids need us. I don’t know if we will give them what they need if we are not together. We may not even have to worry about that because if this works, Kamala will get to go back to her parents.” Tony realized that Steve was equally worried about losing his child. Yet Steve was the first one who wanted to try because he wanted to do what was needed for the world.
Monkey lover 2: That wouldn’t be the worst thing. Maybe I should talk to Dr. Suarez. Sometimes I think this is all an hallucination.
DILF: Morgan wasn't the only child born in the last five years. We would be wiping all of those people out. We would be no better than Thanos if we did that. We just want to bring everybody back. Don't you want Peter back?
Anthony: I feel like we’re due for at least a regular villain attack soon. Maybe just watchdog level and not Loki level.
Me: Of course, Stark was texting you during the middle of this. I’m not surprised. Maybe that’s why he ate something that caused him to lose consciousness.
Nomad: I realize how inappropriate that is now (message not sent)
Tony: Yes, because we’ve spent so much time together lately, I’m already reading your mind. I should probably email Laura to get her take on things, but she’s probably enjoying quality time with her husband and I want to at least give her a few days before asking her if I should give Spidey the suit back.
HSBF: Another reason why you should’ve chose a different cover identity. I think I would’ve preferred being May’s ex-husband. I’ve actually had sex with her.
“They’re in San Francisco. Also, why were the Pyms brought into this?” Steve asked.
I will have my assistant call your assistant for details. Kevin just sent me a text and the meeting is now Tuesday. I definitely will now be in town.
Subject: RE: Get Well Soon and I’m sorry for how I acted lately.
Time: March 25, 2018? My watch kind of broke on the way here.
HSBF: You’re more observant than I thought you would be.
Melinda: Friday also promptly confirmed her suspicions that you and Tony never started speaking to each other again after Siberia.
Alternative summary: The State of New York believes that Tony should not raise a child, so his friends and AI Friday create an LMD teenager for him. It would be so much easier if his boyfriend were in the country.
Rogers: At least you have a farm.
Purple Princess: Actually, I didn’t know the truth at that point. I just suspected it. This was kind of how Flash and I became friends.
I hope by the next chapter, these A/Ns will be significantly shorter.
Captain Tight Pants: You're right.
The new consultant: I’m going to try to sleep, but tell your BFF to text me when she gets back no matter what. I really want to know what’s going on with my cousin.
FRIDAY: There is a 72.3% probability that your hypothesis is accurate. However, statistically speaking, Clint is the most likely to assist you because you are protecting his family.
"Which May?" The AI asked for clarification. He’s sure this question occurred because they were dealing with the travel version.
HSBF: Be safe.
Me: At the time, I thought it was bullshit, but I believe him now. People change. Life changes people. You have to embrace those changes because otherwise you'll be left behind.
Purple Arrow: Okay. I’ll tell you what I saw and what Simmons told me. I don’t understand, but maybe Stark will.
(See the end of the chapter for
Blue phone: I’m not telling you. You just have to guess.
I tried calling but Friday said you were on the beach. She did promise to make you check your email when you get back so I hope you see this. HR has the contracts ready and we’ve made arrangements to have lunch together to finalize it. Friday had the night crew working on it.
Tony: Shield replacement agency here. The official one. May’s team is really just an extension of the Avengers at this point. It was founded by Carol’s late wife.  Unfortunately, the guy who took over was a Dick, so no wonder Doctor Cruz got the hell out of there.
“This is true.” He said, handing the omelet to Pepper. He’s definitely a much better cook now. He also remembers her food allergies since, unfortunately, Morgan inherited both of their allergies.
“Extremely weird, Agent Fitzsimmons. You can help yourself to the kitchen down here.” Shuri pointed to a room down the hall.
The “me” in this conversation is Director Rhodes, who may be about 15 seconds from being totally done with his BFF. This conversation takes place about four days after the Mumbai incident, making it early the morning of November 12, 2016 in Malta. Tony is now just six hours ahead of DC.
Tony Potts: Because I don't want her to poof out of existence if we undo everything.
xxxxx
Thank you to everyone who read or reviewed the last conversation. This was originally the second half of IP 11. However, I decided to split the chapter in 2 because half of the original version of the chapter took place before conversation 70 and the other half took place after. I felt it was less confusing this way.
“Because Piper would prefer if I showed up to breakfast wearing pants, and after what happened earlier, I felt like I should oblige her.” Steve told his boyfriend, blushing, remembering the incident from earlier in the morning.
Me: Well we already established that you were not trying to kill me just trying to keep me from killing someone else and, unlike the great Hawkeye, you don’t keep non-lethal projectiles on you. I forgave you before your Royal friend brought medical help and a hell of a lot of painkillers. Even if I didn’t realize that at the time.
Girl Friday: okay, Ana has confirmed that you’re not on base anymore due to May dragging you out of bed with just a little more than an hour of sleep. Apparently, you’re on a mission, which means she can’t tell me where you are. [Six pouting face emojis]
Me: I could see that happening.
Tony: Sometimes Moms are troop leaders. Now, I’m currently trying to convince them to allow girls into the Boy Scouts or vice versa for the Girl Scouts.
Nomad: He really has awful taste in political appointees.
“But we are working together on the letters. The first thing in the morning,” Steve said sternly.
From the corner of his eye, he could see Steve blushing. Maybe that wasn’t his dick that ended up on Instagram. Unlike the rest of the world, Tony knows Steve isn’t hetero, and he could totally have a random dick saved to his phone. Unfortunately, it's been a while since Steve has changed with Tony. So he couldn't say 100% for sure it was Steve's not that little Stevie.
Me: Even though the moron dumped Pepper for somebody from the Hunger Games or some other young adult franchise. I’m not sure which. I had a little rage blackout when I was talking to Pepper.
Jemma: You’re different too. This works between us because you love Fitz too. I know you do.
Me: True, but that’s real and I’d rather give them fantasy. I don’t want the world to know the real details of my love life. The fact that there is a sex tape out there, that she asked me questions about is enough. Besides, my story was hot and romantic, which is always a winner. I was going for romantic and something that couldn’t be verified.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Of course sir. Would you also like me to add reminders about the time difference before you send correspondence to anyone?”
Blue phone: Only the fake personality that you put on for people who don't deserve to see the real Tony.
: Nickname for Stark Industries CEO Virginia "Pepper" Potts. Former significant other. Slowly rebuilding friendship.
HSBF: You are really enjoying following them on twitter?
Steve: All we did was talk. Which was good and needed. Maybe the situation isn’t as dire as I first thought it was. Did you know about the actual status of his relationship with Pepper? You’ve implied that it wasn’t what I thought it was, but you never outright said it.
Since it’s been a month and a half, I will now state that the biggest difference in this universe compared to the actual timeline are Tony is sober and in treatment for his various problems, Pepper let things go for good, and the role of happy Hogan and peters superhero life will be played by Laura and various other SHIELD agents. Most of the things in Spider-man: Homecoming are the same but Tony’s different and we are going to see how that changes things for good or ill.
"You’re right. Rhodey should not have to put up with that. Friday, sweetheart, please make sure that my BFF receives a box of the good chocolates. Maybe put on the card, ‘Sorry, I’m forcing you to deal with crazy bureaucrats/admirals that don’t know what they’re doing’. Maybe throw in some cupcakes as well."
Welcome back to the "good" timeline. Remember, time is going slowly there. There is a reason, and it will be revealed soon.
Purple Arrow: See murder bots.
“At this point, I find it hard to believe the government will do anything practical. Who do you think they will choose instead?” Steve asked.
CoulsonPJ: Keep going through Twitter.
Tony: You are good.
Blue phone: Because of the renovations?
Anthony: I’m still sober despite being eviscerated on international television. The sad thing is I really can’t argue against most of those labels. I am a high maintenance man child even if I don’t fuck around anymore.
“I know.”
“Okay now I really have to shower. Although I probably should let you use it first. Tony said letting go."
Me: You save a guy from dying a couple of times and you’re able to schedule a coffee date.
Purple arrow: Overnight. She’s at least three inches taller since I was here in February. It seems like I’m missing so much with the separation.
Venom: Oh. I didn’t know that.
Steve: Good. You can tell me about what Friday means by Hydra killing most of your family on the ride down to Manhattan. Was it Bucky?
Football Hunter: Good. So, one more thing you changed?
Speaking of the girl in the flower dress, thanks to the post-credits scene in last night’s episode of Agents of Shield, this story is even more AU than intended. Just remember, if something verges from canon in this story go with my version.
“Which is good because I still don’t want to have sex in Sam’s room.”
Red phone: Maybe I can meet somebody in the cafeteria.
Nomad: Sorry. My therapist thought that I should try to make amends with other people that I’ve hurt. I thought Pepper should be on the list also.
Me: He knows that I know, but he doesn’t want to know in case he gets pulled in for questioning. Considering the guy who almost took over Shield wanted to arrange for regular lie detector tests for all assets including Avengers, it was a good call on his part.
Continuity note: Background from Agent Carter will be used in this chapter and the next. I'm still mad they never told us who Peggy ended up marrying, but I'm going to go with the guy all the signs were pointing to in Agent Carter.
Red phone: And have lawyers ready to go in case of something worse
Me: OK, moving on to better questions. So what is your perfect day?
Steve: I don't know. Maybe it’s a combination of shame and guilt. I wasn’t there when you needed me, and we lost. If I just swallowed my pride earlier, maybe it wouldn't have happened.
Hunter: Which Fitz was she trying to bring back?
Purple Princess: Now that it's an option. I'm so happy it's an option. We fix the Accords. We had to scrap them and start over, but it's better than what we had.
Me: Point.
Also, for those of you reading Hydra lullaby, I will be updating that chapter later today so you get double the fun.
Red phone: Pepper took my phone away.
Me: Personally, I feel like anybody POTUS chooses, if he gets a second term would be god awful because he has horrible taste in political appointees. I mean his cabinet has had multiple Hydra members. Multiple.
Nomad: Not without a halfway decent explanation.
My heart broke apart when reports of his death started making the news. They made me realize that I need Tony. I don’t want to contemplate him not being in my life. He has to be in my life. I need him. I will be in his life by whatever means he’ll let me.
To be continued…
: Senator Ellen Nadeer of New Jersey. Anti-inhuman extremist. Lost both parents during the battle of New York. Currently being investigated by intelligence. They are trying to locate her brother who has not been seen in eight months. Intelligence believes that she may have done something to him. Need to discuss this with Dr. Leopold in person soon.
After my husband died, I was worried about Peter. It was hard raising a teenager when I had somebody else running support. It became almost impossible alone. Especially after Peter came home covered in bruises because of some fight with Steve from Brooklyn. But you being around him and really taking an interest in him has helped him come out of his shell. I'm not even worried that the principal is making him see counselor Laura twice a week during the coming school year. Maybe he needs it after everything that's happened since January. I'm sure he's telling you things that he's not telling me. He probably needs somebody else to talk to.
Me: The Shield Spouses one.  I’m so glad they finally got it together. I have pictures of them being adorable. Ana will send them to you.
Thank you to everybody who read or reviewed the last chapter; you are all so wonderful. Tony really does need to text message Laura. However, that was not just an excuse to stop going through the questions for a moment. They will finish the rest of the questions in the next section. I promise.
“Really?” Steve asked surprised.
The Mechanic: Point. I’ll deal with it when I get back. It would be nice to have another non-Shield Avenger. I’m so lonely.
Maybe I had a little too much fun comparing and contrasting the two Clints.
Nomad: You’re deflecting
“Because this is not your room.” Davis responded, annoyed.
“But here we are. We have a couple more days before the letter has to go to Wakanda. You can come back to it in the morning.”
“Clint is an agent. He’s going to do what he needs to do. No matter what. But he’s not gifted or enhanced or even inhuman for that matter. He should’ve never been under the Accords in the first place. We’re trying to fix that."
SimmonsJA: Your relationship with Stefan is fragile. You’re just starting to rebuild it. After everything that happened, maybe it’s better to keep with the rebuilding instead of just throwing in another physical component.
Friday: Yes, because Ana 2018 passed me tactical uniform specs. Although I will need to contact General Okoye for some resources, I’ve been given an authorization code.
Nomad: Why?
Transcribed message from May Parker Riley: You fucking asshole. Why the fuck did you not tell me that my kid has superpowers? Oh my God… You took him to Germany. Germany! What the actual fuck were you thinking? I should have you arrested for kidnapping, you arrogant son of a bitch. Peter Benjamin Parker, give me back that phone right now. You are so grounded…
Cuddle Bunny: That’s already on DVD?
Eventually, they do get out of the Framework prison but Fitz is consumed with guilt for what he did in the other virtual timeline. This is made worse by AIDA trying to rape him after creating a body for herself with multiple superpowers. Eventually, the good guys save the day with the help of the Ghost Rider (Robbie Reyes) except the bad guys blame all bad things on SHIELD and it’s about to be disbanded again. Then the team gets kidnapped and Leo gets tossed into prison.
: Royal Genius, the Princess genius, and HRH. HRH is my current designation in Friday’s system. Dr. Stark and Capt. Rogers know that I am reading these messages. I will continue to monitor for security reasons and will scrub when necessary.
“Tony, Rio wants all the kids in the backyard for s’mores in 10 minutes,” At the sound of Pepper’s voice both kids lying on top of Tony woke up quickly and were running out the door to the backyard. Yes, their faces were blurred. Steve was trying to figure out what would be considered the backyard at the compound but he wasn’t sure. Although, he does vaguely remember a fire pit somewhere close to the lake.
Anthony: I'm glad you see it. Maybe they’re hoping that things will be better in the future. Star Trek is supposed to be about the hope that we can transcend our own prejudice and become better. That we can find peace amongst ourselves and appreciate the differences of others. I legitimately think that they’re going for a one true threesome 99% of the time. But most people don't see it because the big damn hero usually has to be straight.
HSBF: That is not good.
“I’m glad that you’re in physical form and no longer reading my personal emails.”
Laura would like to argue otherwise that she didn’t lose consciousness while reading that message from Friday, but she would be lying. Wouldn’t you pass out too if you found out you were trapped in a world where your kids were dead?
Monkey lover 2: Normal car.
Pepper pot: Yet you are at the compound right now. Is it because of Steve?
Nomad: Mainlining coffee in your lab. At least that was what we were told.
HSBF: You should probably talk to your assistant.
Nomad: You should be happy that Friday kept you from sending that out. Twitter is forever.
Me: You are working your way through a list of random food items? Yesterday, marshmallows, today cookies.
Tony Potts: Who is a drunk mess on a good day. The breathalyzer protocol isn’t helping things. She’s just staying in her room now to drink.
Me: Maybe that’s true. But it doesn’t make it less necessary. Stefan gets that and now I’m with him I get Pepper’s perspective a lot more than I did. I am absolutely terrified that one day we are going to go up against a guy that we are not going to be ready for yet. I’m afraid he’ll die in my arms.
Tony: So, Pepper gets to keep the husband and wife team, Happy, and Yo-Yo; although Yo-Yo probably won’t be spending too much time with her. Being Pepper’s bodyguard is just a cover. She’ll be investigating a few possible Inhuman sightings on the West Coast. Something about mysterious deaths in East LA or something like that.
Me: I was hoping I could distract you with my witty conversational skills since you still will not have telecommunication sex with me.
Nomad: And I will as soon as I’m not exiled to another country.
Me: I remember you talking about your neighbor Nurse Kate, who just happened to remind you of your mom. Are you aware that old SHIELD manipulated you? I wonder if they arranged for Ms. Garner to get a new job across the country so that the apartment would be free.
Venom: I mean, Benji. This filter is good.
Jemma: Friday has those orders, but Ana does not. She is the AI in the other timeline. Friday is now an LMD.
Anthony: Okay, why am I getting a hard no on telecommunications sex?
xxxxx
Monkey lover 2: I didn’t want him to live through getting stabbed in the back by another father figure. Or be tempted to make the same mistakes I did. It was better that I was the one there.
Me: Who is actually going to take care of the Jarvis and Maria Stark Foundations when you’re at Shield?
HSBF: I thought you said the kids would be preoccupied for a while?
Red phone: They're the science and environmental people at the department. They are my kind of people.
Steve: She left, or maybe he left her. I don't remember everything. I was so young. Being a single mother was hard, so she told everybody that he died. If you hear a lie enough, you believe it.
Cuddle Bunny: Oh God. Are you sure they’re not doing that to punish me?
Me: Because I find Counselor Laura ridiculous.
Nomad: How would I work with Laura?
“They would’ve eventually got back together, if it wasn’t for him.” Happy accused. And considering that Tony was in such a bad place when they started talking to one another, he could see a romantic reconciliation happening just because Tony was so lonely.
Me: I think most of them have been dragged out. I really don’t need to know in detail why his various marriages/relationships failed due to his inability to keep it zipped.
Venom: I already did.
Tony: Honestly?
“Can’t. Looking at pictures of us making out. We are adorable and hot.” That’s when Tony showed Steve the image which was a mistake because of course he took the phone.
Me: I didn’t like that either. I think it’s just the beginning of what he has planned.
Things will be different because of the ripple effects of Tony and Steve trying to fix things and Tony sobriety. Okay, the divergent point in this universe was Tony calling out Steve’s name in bed with Pepper. For those of you who watch the Framework arc of Agents of Shield, you know that one change can have major effects.
“That’s not happening. You are ridiculously tall now, and you’ll kill Pepper’s couch. She loves that couch. They went out of business after the snap, so I’m never going to be able to find a replacement. Besides, I was reminded by Laura that we shared a bed before.” It happened during the Ultron fiasco. They somehow woke up tangled around each other, fully erect, and agreed never to talk about it. In hindsight, that was probably a mistake.
Red phone: So does that mean you’re a black lace and silk type of guy?
I’m not sure when you will have time to come visit. I’ve seen your schedule. I heard you’re losing Thanksgiving in Malta. But I would like to see you soon. I might come up for the board meeting that they’re planning to hold Saturday. I was just going to teleconference in but maybe I should come in person. I am trying to get Kevin to get it switch to Monday or Tuesday. Fingers crossed.
Me: And if you knew that she was your ex-neighbor that you fucked around with, I’m sure you would be calling her worse, but I’m not going to tell you that in a text message because you wouldn’t believe me. You have some serious denial issues. (Message not sent.)
“She knows. Dad just got back to me probably because he is no longer with the President getting his boyfriend pardoned. He says that he’ll let you watch the footage of Daisy's suit cam as well as read her rapid reports when he returns.” Afia told the group as Peter tried to stop blushing. It wasn’t helping that MJ was now leaning into him closer. Then there was also the fact that Flash was half sitting on top of him. It was the only way the three of them could sit on the loveseat together. Because of course, the Princess’ suite had two loveseats instead of any regular size couches.
xxxxx
Steve: I know.
Cuddle Bunny: I consider those positives too. Also it’s nice to know that she survived.
Morgan’s dad: Widow already tried and got nothing. Although they did eat half of Hunter's cookies. I could really use one of those cookies right now.
"I will. Ross is afraid of Tony. He won’t do much." Steve wanted to believe Melinda, but he was still scared.
Lily bear 2018: That’s different, although I'm sure he's a good dad. He's excellent with Afia, Flash, and [redacted].
HSBF: So I just saw that you posted images of you and Melinda waiting patiently in your limo to get out on your Twitter account
“That gets you all sorts of privileges,” Tony commented as he started the ignition.
Cuddle fiancé: When she’s flying? Absolutely not.
“Yes, actually. Everything’s just kind of all mixed up. We barely even talked before he went into cryo-freeze again. Although, he did apologize for ruining my friendship with you.”
Director Snookums: You were the one who wanted oversight.
Our sleep deprivation was for a good cause. So good news we can now send text messages to Laura in the other timeline. The bad news is we can only do it in certain windows. Plus, time moves faster on their side than on our side. Or rather, more time moves on their side between windows than on our side. The princess is going to see if she can fix that. The AIs are running the numbers as we sleep.
All material has been adapted from Marvel comics/Marvel Studio/Marvel Entertainment, a subsidiary of the Walt Disney Corporation and used without permission under fair use guidelines. No profit was made.
Tony Potts: I thought you were from the "good" timeline, but now I'm wondering.
Me: Agent Carter flew me out to the middle of nowhere for sans armor training exercises with Agent Scary. She stuck around for about an hour to watch me get my ass kicked by various individuals before leaving without participating herself.
Me: It’s between him and US patriot Jeffrey god of international public relations. He may have a bit of an edge because he allegedly saved a few high-ranking UN officials during the Vienna fiasco. Did you see him save anyone in Vienna because I didn’t?
Me: Wait she is a superhero. She hasn’t chosen the code name yet but I’m sure she will soon. I suggested Girl Friday, but I was vetoed.
Hunter: Which is why I’m planning to step aside when you bring him back.
Me: Everything’s not about you, sweet cheeks.
Cuddle bunny: The world did almost end because we were being selfish idiots.
Blue phone: I’m not sure if I loved Arnie either. Maybe I did or maybe I wasn’t ready. I don’t know now.
HSBF: And you’re going to be there for him?
“Yes, with children that can make themselves invisible. Tony actually made glasses so that he can keep track of [bleep]. Sometimes he becomes invisible when he gets overwhelmed,” Pepper explained.
Here’s another long chapter at least by this story standards.
Nomad: I'm glad.
Please note that the next set of chapters is out for proofreading and it may be more than a week before I can start posting. Along these lines, I am looking for additional betas and proofreaders. I have a great team that I’m working with now, but with the weekly updates on two stories I could use some additional help. Maybe with additional proofreading assistance, I can update more than once a week on a few stories. This is one I would really like to wrap up before Infinity War comes out. Please let me know if you can help. Due to circumstances beyond my control, I’m going to have some extra writing time so I can really use the extra help.
Tony Bear: All good points. However, if you’re planning to do a quickie with your ex-girlfriend, make sure you take pictures or at least wait for me to get there. I can’t participate, but I can watch. That’s about all Dr. Simmons would let me do. Evil.
Me: Yes. It’s the Tony Stark clause. I actually had to take a few whistles out of the suit and droids to come into compliance. They’re not allowed to think too much on their own. Obviously, Friday is the queen of loophole abuse. I programmed my baby well.
I would just like to say that the fish taco joke was in this story before AOS episode 5.6 aired.
It was at that moment that James Leopold formally Leo Fitz was convinced that the universe truly hated him. That’s also when he lost consciousness.
Me: Now we are going on to appetizers and drinks and Robert has decided that we’re going to be a dry table to help me stay sober.
Me: Also, Afia is passing the uncanny valley test and is more a teenager then Spidey Sr. I already have the wardrobe to prove it. I’m pretty sure I’m going to be going to boy band concerts for the next 4 to 6 years.
FRIDAY: I thought you did not want to know what was in the file, most likely because you’re afraid that the Winter Soldier is responsible for the death of someone else Sir cared about.
Counselor Laura: Every time they got close, there would be another attempt that would slow them down. Unfortunately, one of these attempts resulted in your Aunt Ana being collateral damage. Because of that, your father decided to send you off to boarding school.
“Of course.” She vaguely remembers reading something about that in Leo’s medical file.
Chief Monkey Lover: Grandnephew. I told you about what happened in the other timeline.
Me: Point. Mr. and Mrs. Purple Arrow will be around, as soon as they work out their marital issues, and Spidey brat will be around. Also, Agent Agent is vetting assistance.
TMNS: She disappeared via the biosphere, and nobody has seen her since then.
Nomad: I thought you said he voluntarily resigned?
HSBF: I’m not even surprised. Also, aren’t your stocks back at the same price they were before Thanksgiving already?
Me: But I feel like revenge is better. I have a plan.
Me: The Princess is willing to help with making the lighthouse less susceptible to a hostile alien take over if we don’t stop the world from cracking apart.
HSBF: That’s good. Is this the last appearance?
Avenger mission report of Agent Daisy Johnson; UN Avengers member
Anthony: I just wanted to keep living and if the world knew I was dying, I wouldn’t have been able to do that.
Tony: Yes, Dr. and Mr. Leopold just showed up holding hands and everything. He’s now introducing Hunter to the board and their wives. And another board member just choked on a crab puff when the H word came out.
Thank you to everybody who read or reviewed the last conversation. You are also wonderful. It’s time for another in-person discussion between Tony Potts and Steve May-Rogers. Those two have a lot of stuff to work through and little time to do it. We have an apocalypse to undo.
Anthony: I know that. It is just a lot of bad memories are being brought back up. I’m having trouble dealing with the realization that very little of my childhood was what I thought it was.
“I knew that but you could still order French fries, at least.”
Me I think we already covered that Iron Man and Captain America were not exchanging Mash notes in your original timeline. If the end of the world is coming, I’d rather have them on speaking terms. So that’s a big difference. Do you consider that your version of hell?
“Before Kevin called, we were already planning to take the kids for pancakes this morning. Now we’re just going to keep them out until 11. Kevin said he could watch them after that.”
Person that cares about my boss: It almost destroyed us.
Time sent: 9/20/2016 20:01:41
FRIDAY: Yes.
Girl Friday: You’re no fun, little sister.
MJ: Go to the address closest to it that Ana actually believes exists. Why do you need to go to this address?
BITC: So, what are you actually working on?
Hunter: I'm packing a bag. I'll go over in person to break the bad news.
Me: Isn't that a coincidence.
Consider this an emotional palate cleanser after watching Endgame and probably crying your eyes out. We need a little bit of an emotional break before we head into our endgame.
Anthony: He smiled gleefully when I presented the option of Rhodey as an alternative for Shield or whatever they’re going to call it publicly.
“But he might tell me the truth?” Laura asked.
“Now I’m almost happy that Yo-Yo couldn’t get you into tomorrow’s lunch. Okay arguing was involved in a sense." Tony finally acknowledged.
SimmonsJA: That remains to be seen. Are you still planning to publicly rollout your relationship with Stefan tomorrow at the SI wildlife trafficking awareness event?
Me: L would suggest anger management and couples counseling. I would have you talk to her, but it’s too dangerous and I don’t think we’ll be taking another trip to the island of Dr. Anthony anytime soon.
Anthony: He is not against having someone pretend to be Stefan except for the fact that whoever pretends to be him will most likely get picked up by Ross, the CIA, or any other number of people who are pissed at me.
From: Tony_Carbonell
Agent 13: Did your boyfriend mention any enemies?
Cuddle Bunny: Then we should probably wrap up this conversation.
Nomad: Be safe, Tony.
Agent M: I had to lay low after the implosion. Hill knew where I was. I sent you the baby present when I was trying to retire after a disgruntled former colleague tried to kill my dad to get to me. It didn’t last.
Cuddle bunny: That was nice of you to offer.
Nomad: I don't know how I can help. I wasn't there. I should've been there, but I can't be because of that stupid Accord.
“You may be right," Peter said, remembering all the fights between Flash and Ned. There’s some jealousy going on. He is still trying to figure out how to explain to Ned that they are in distinct categories.
Blue phone: Yet
Anthony: Okay maybe we should go to less filthy ground, which means I can’t ask you about your time as a pornographic cartoonist so just tell me one thing you did today.
Tony Potts: Better, the purple one can't put his magical glove together if it's here.
Me: [Shot glass emoj] Here is to the Avengers getting their shite together before the end of the universe.
Nomad: She finally told him the truth?
Me: Well, no fake messages anyway.
I really hope you don't die. They're speculating on the news that you were targeted because you hang out with people like me and that you're trying to protect us. I hope they’re lying, but I am terrified to think that they're not. I don’t want you in danger because of me. That’s why I’m not telling Aunt May the truth, other than her constant panic. I think it’s safer if people don’t know.
Tony: In addition, you just have to appreciate a guy who literally went to the edges of the galaxy to get back the woman that he is in love with. As opposed to running away from the people you love.
Me: And Sam is right. You could keep a team of therapists employed for years. (Message not sent).
“Oh, we are both a fucking mess.”
Me: I'm not answering that one. You have mentioned before that you don’t want to know things that I discovered from unauthorized access.
Tony: Unfortunately, this is an answer I can only give to you.
“Possibly, but I don't know.” Tony said turning around to look at Steve “The tech has been recovered. The bad guy is in federal custody. Spider-teen is in Shield custody and being escorted home. I’m going to have to deal with Happy, but it might be best if I have a couple of days to cool down.”
Kitty brother: You could get hurt, again. You almost destroy your lab once due to inventing when sleep deprived. It’s why limitations were imposed on you when you were 12.
TMNS: But you are now?
Nomad: You got Pepper an engagement ring?
Thank you to everybody who read or review the last conversation. You are all so wonderful.
Me: I’m completely willing to agree that the entire situation is a complete mind fuck.
D Fitzsimmons: A sentient Chronicom from the planet Chronyca-2, who never interferes when it’s necessary. Nana and Bobo were my mom's names for her parents. She never actually told me the real names because the Blues would probably kill her for it.
Monkey lover 1: They’re paying him off?
Agent L. Barton: I’ll be ready to leave by then.
To be continued
Tony: You’re right, that puts the bar pretty high up for a bad dinner. Nobody tried to kill me so there’s that.
Me: As long as the doors are locked. I still can’t make eye contact with Spidey senior. The flight yesterday was ridiculously uncomfortable.
To be continued.
Cuddle Bunny: Which was how many months after it happened?
Finally, the next batch of 13 chapters are off at proofreading. I will post the next chapter as soon as I get it but it might be more than two weeks.
Monkey lover 2: Still working on getting power back in DC. I’ve almost triangulated the location. You’re going to need a compass and a slide ruler. I’m sure you know how to make one. Even with the shielding, Friday won’t be able to do what she normally does.
: Current codename in the Avenger message system/database. Currently, the only member of the U.S. government outside of shield that realizes Nomad and Captain America are the same person is General Glenn Talbot.
Blue phone: Be careful and please don’t antagonize the scary agent. I really don’t want to have to mount a rescue effort.
Agent M: Safety. I was being hunted by the government and Hydra.
He loved you, he still loves you, and you completely betrayed him. You chose someone else over him. I may not know all the details, but I know you chose your childhood friend over him. What’s not to say you’re going to do it again? And I’m the one who will have to pick up the pieces, if he will let me and he didn’t last time. I’ve been replaced by Laura, Elaina, and Melinda. Even Kevin had my role for a while. He’s the one who sent me pictures of what you did to Tony. So why can he forgive you and we can barely hold a conversation? I don’t know and that hurts so much.
From: MJ_Watson
Counselor Laura: Melinda May has always been direct. From what I gathered, they needed each other after the snap and Phil dying. But maybe they’re ready to move forward without being co-dependent on one another. I also think May wants him to at least be happy. Perhaps she thinks Steve will be happy with you.
Tony Potts: Spoken like a real parent.
Me: I guess answering 34 would be difficult for you since your house did blow up that time.
Counselor Laura: Talking to my daughter made me cry. I didn’t come to you in person because I’m still fixing my makeup. She’s scared and terrified. Connor is angry at everyone, and I want to get home so badly.
Genius Princess: I have my mission, and you have yours.
HSBF: What does that even mean?
Counselor Laura: Trust me, I know. I was an agent’s wife for a long time, but my Clint can’t stand to be on the other side. It’s why he served me with divorce papers the time before. In my timeline, Ross kidnapped me to find out where the Secret Avengers were, and my Clint completely blamed himself.
Me: In hindsight, I can’t help but think she was the first person to lie to me about how my parents died.
Steve: So that's what we're calling this now? That wouldn’t be a bad idea.
“Do you want to talk about the letter?” Shuri asked.
Me: Chris Evans and a sizable portion of Freaking Cool know the truth or at least think they do. Mostly the Stony shippers. Those are the ship names. Stony seems oddly appropriate for us.
Me: Love makes you do irrational things, especially when you realize that person doesn’t love you like you love them.
Red spider: No. I need to go. May is glaring at me again.
“See, I told you she was evil, I’m so glad her daughter is not at Midtown,” Tony remarked just as hologram Steve disappeared probably to stop a kidnapping. However, before he could talk to May about what was going on, he received a text message from Laura.
"Artie, actually. We had a big fight before we last parted, and I regret never fixing things. Grant, Artie’s husband, said that he forgave me, but I could not believe him. Maybe before May, I would've said Peggy, but she helped me make peace with her. I have seen Melinda in so much pain because of Phil. I don't want to stay in that place. I realize I have to let go of what I never really had. Peggy was something I just built up in my head. It wasn't real. But I had Artie once upon a time, and I regret we never made peace." Steve confessed.
Nomad: Not knowing that her nephew has powers.
Spider mom: Refers to Rio Morales, the mother of Miles Morales a.k.a. Spidey Junior. She is not sure if she believes that her husband joined the Watchdogs as an actual undercover assignment because of some of his anti-power person comments in the past. I have found no external evidence to disprove either possibility, including discussions with Dr. Leopold.
“Thank you for telling me. It’s fine. I’ll sleep on the couch; it wouldn’t be the first time. I don’t want to kick you out of your own bedroom.”
Me: There are so many people I want to punch.
“Friday just wanted to let me know that apparently my other self was almost murdered by the estranged wife of that poor hook-up choice. She targeted other Tony because the wife assumed he was the Avenger that the staffer screwed, not you because you’re all apple pies and straightness.” Tony couldn’t help but snort at that. “Apparently, she tried to murder me with sunflower seeds at a fundraiser. Your wife was posing as my date, BTW.” Steve started laughing hysterically at that point.
Me: Including bringing back the dead through highly unethical means.
You may choose your own Chris except for Chris Pine, who doesn’t do Twitter. Sad panda
Anthony: Although if I was trying to get lost in the continental US. I think Vegas would be the place to do it.
Tony: All four, Cookie.
Tony: Yes, Sweetie Bear.
This conversation begins about 36 hours after the last one.
“Karen, thank you for stepping up. But what could be that overwhelming?” Tony said out loud, realizing per the emergency protocol created after the Princess and the Fitz twins turned Friday into a real girl, Karen was now the main Avenger AI. Avenger Ana was a separate system for Secret Avengers use.
This is also the final update before the series finale of AOS. I'm trying not to cry. At least the story will keep me sane.
HSBF: And how are things with the guardian?
Counselor Laura: At least old age is making you more self-aware.
Me: It is an option of last resort. Although, I would like to see you again. OK I would like for you to come with me to see James. He agreed for me to visit him and I don’t want to go alone. The rest of the team can’t come with me.
“On the good days, sometimes. But I have two decades of Howard making me feel like I couldn’t live up to you or at least his idea of you. I think you’re aware that my self-esteem is shot to hell.” Steve responds by placing an arm around Tony.
To be continued.
“We didn’t either until about a year ago. I just want to know what’s going on with my cousin. Can you help with that?” MJ asked.
Melinda: I know he is, but I’ll get to see my mom, Daisy, Mack, and even Bobbi again.  Besides that, I need you to take the second chance that I wasted. You rarely get a third opportunity. I should know.
“No, although General Talbot with like you to sign some of the reprint Captain America cards for his son George for his birthday. By the way, he blames you for his son choosing the army over the Air Force,” Agent Piper said just as Davis pulled up a holographic image of Director Rhodes.
Me: Because I’m pretty.
“That does change things. Hit me with the first question.” Tony told Steve.
Tony: Kevin refuses to come back to the East Coast because he and his wife have a new foster child out there, so they don’t want to relocate.
Counselor Laura: Well, they had a breakthrough on what to do when I get back to keep this from all happening again. Once we figure out how to get me back to my own time, you’re going to take the stones we can access and keep them here until we can take out the purple one.
Morgan’s dad: I know and no. Although, I understand why he prefers to work here as opposed to the SI lab space. Which is entirely understandable. Also, I doubt the Zima thing is true. If she’s this far gone, you need to worry about the hand sanitizer. I would know.
TMNS: Afia told me about the breakup. I’m sorry.
HSBF: I don’t even know what to say to that.
Me: I definitely think you would want your father to stop drinking and maybe see a therapist. From what I’ve read and what you told me, I don’t think he was well later in life. Also I think you would’ve wanted Howard to be honest about what he was doing for a living or as honest as possible. I definitely think you wish you would not have been sent to boarding school.
Venom: I shouldn’t even be surprised that Spidey’s BFF came up with that name. Also, apparently, somebody is switching to the new last name early.
Pepper pot: You've been on the metaphorical couch since before Morgan was born. It's why we have separate houses and bedrooms. I’m not stupid, Tony.
Me: Five days ago he bought Lila a pony without even talking to me first.
Anthony: That makes complete sense in a Steve sort of way. Anyway the idea of the project is to make you feel everything in the virtual reality environment as if you were doing it in real life. That way you can improve your training technique without the risk of hospitalization or taking out half your garage.
“That’s not a problem because I’m one of the few people Robin will actually talk to. She knows I’m broken just like her,” the Sergeant told her.
Me: ICERs are non-lethal
The new consultant: We are getting another alien invasion? With time travel?
The new consultant: With lube and condoms.
Steve: May got access, but I didn't. She told me she would tell me what I needed to know later.
Just because we’re not together anymore doesn’t mean I don’t need to know these things. Because I do. Just call and let me know you’re okay.
Anthony: I still have dreams about dying, just not like that anymore. In my new dreams, I'm in the car with my parents when you know what happens. I usually get to watch both of them die before I wake up.
“He purchased it when he was in Wakanda. Or rather we allowed him to purchase it. Normally, he wouldn’t have been able to,” Princess Shuri explained.
Nomad: That’s nice to know.
The new consultant: I have no idea. Let’s just refer to him as Benji for the rest of this conversation. Unless you want to discuss your fascination with his genitalia.
Morgan's dad: Are you doing anything right now?
May: We leave in 35 minutes.
The new consultant: Which is what I need. Honestly, I don't think I can take dating Benji without you. Just being the cousin of a superhero is hard. I'm already terrified of getting a message one day that she's gone. I'm worried that's what I'm gonna find out when I go to the compound because nobody's telling me anything except for the Princess.
“Then I’m going to count that as diplomatic experience. I personally want to punch out most of the board.”
Anthony: I miss you too.
“Or we can do it tomorrow. I feel like you need me for this. At a minimum, we should get the minibar out of here.” Laura said, pointing to the bar.
Agent M: That was our former boss’s decision. I didn’t know until it was done. But I’m not mad that he’s back, just furious about what it did to him.
D FitzSimmons: Hey, it's me, your only grandkid. I am safe in 2018-- not your 2018 but a 2018. That's a long story. Apparently, you manage to make a bridge between timelines using Bobo as an anchor. At least, that's the running hypothesis.
Nomad: Because you used to sleep with a plush of me.
Me: So poor man's Coulson really was that much of a dick?
Me: It was tempting, especially when they are willing to give you opiates like candy. I'm not going to lie, I probably managed to stay sober because I was in the cabin in the woods without one drop of alcohol in it. I looked, twice.
Agent 13: I'm not surprised. Yet he gave me this phone number where I could contact you.
Anthony: In the end we managed to discover that somebody was selling SHIELD confiscated tech on the black market and we went to get it back without telling Director Snookums.
Blue phone: Like favorite color and movie?
Tony: Fitz definitely found some bodies. My aunt didn't die because of a weird light bulb changing accident, but because Hydra tried to kill Howard. Unfortunately, Ana was collateral damage. Of course, I found all of this out reading the other timeline text messages.
“That wouldn't surprise me. Laura seems different than the woman we met during the Ultron fiasco.” Steve remarked.
HSBF: Yes.
Me: Not necessarily bad, just trying to figure out where to start. And sometimes that’s half of the battle.
Me: I shouldn't have tried to bring kids into this.
The Boy in the Chair: What? That’s not fair. I’ve only gone twice.
Counselor Laura: And maybe make sure nobody feels that loss in my time. I don't want you to feel that. You know that even if you undo everything, the trauma is still going to be there?
Tony: So many things. I’m surprised she hasn’t quit yet. Her job has been extra stressful lately because of me.
HSBF: That’s not good.
Me: Then I would say something that would just piss off Robert and I don't necessarily hate him anymore. He grows on you like a non-dangerous bacteria. He did send a very nice edible arrangement. It makes an excellent smoothie.
StarkAE: Look, I’m not talking about a marathon, just maybe a little oral stimulation or hand job.
“No you don’t. But that’s okay,” Tony told Karen as he finally got out of bed.
Blue phone: You had that custom-made, didn’t you?
We are on our way back to the Lighthouse after finishing the morning talk show circuit. Good news, I did not punch out Chuck Todd even though I really want it to. He’s only slightly more tolerable than Everhart. Some of the questions with Steve went a little bit over the line. Apparently, everybody wants him to become Captain America again, probably because they can’t handle Asian Captain America. They couldn’t handle a not White Cap the first time around either. Fuck them all.
HSBF: Why don't you go with a letter instead of text messages.
Anthony: Not as lonely as I used to be. My tower is now filled with Min Archers and Rhodey has decided that he would rather be in Manhattan for the moment. Also, Lila is currently sleeping on my lap.
Me: Who knows, I used to be Captain tight pants in your address book. I guess we should also go back into questions 34 and 35?
“And he definitely wouldn’t be ready to see you,” Steve sighed.
Me: We were supposed to do something last night?
HSBF: That still doesn’t explain the Chris Evans thing.
Me: Right after our little fuck up in Siberia. He was killed by one of the big bad’s minions trying to rescue Agent Daisy. At least that’s what I’ve heard from the Shield rumor mill. However, spies are absolutely awful at gossip. They keep everything to themselves, but Agent Piper likes me.
“Or perspective step-parents. My aunt is currently dating my professor right now, which is weird.” He can’t explain it, but Olivia makes his body tingle and not in a safe way like Flash and MJ. He has no idea why.
“And if there’s a reaction?”
FRIDAY: I will make sure he contacts you when he’s done.
To be continued
Tony Potts: See, you're making progress already.
Me: That doesn't mean I was there. How long was I in the weapons industry before I got tired of all the blood on my hands? Hydra weapon plus terrorist group equals weapons deal.
Tony: Which is why you should run when you get back. You could totally beat Senator Hateful.
A little warning about the Rose Garden pardon ceremony yesterday would’ve been nice. For PR purposes, if nothing else. I know you don’t work for SI anymore, but I like to know these things as your friend. I know you have a lot going on with Laura being MIA and Steve being back on American soil. However, I expect you to call me, especially when I’m supposed to be providing cover for your kids being out of school. You owe me an explanation of why I am covering your ass.
“Well, the president and his cabinet thought I was being paranoid and wouldn’t actually listen to that piece of advice. So, Leo and I put in a bit of coding that would point whoever is breaking into the system in the direction of ready-to-fight Shield/ATCU agents instead of…”
Me: Demoted to Head of PR for the ATCU. I don’t like liars, even if Talbot was the one originally responsible for trying to create the next Captain America.
Ana Jr.: I thought you said that Thanos wiped out half of all life in the universe.
“After watching what happened to Aunt Peggy, I definitely want to keep my mind.” Getting mistaken for Howard multiple times was painful.
Steve: I should be asking you how you’re doing. It wasn’t just me who found out their other self is married to the love of their life in another timeline. That’s difficult to process under the best circumstances.
Blue phone: Please stop antagonizing people who probably already want to kill you. Wait, you didn’t actually say that to anyone at the DOD?
“You are freaking out again. The last time you freaked out during this research exercise, you discovered that your aunt was dusted in the other timeline. I had to check.” MJ told him from his left.
Tony: I’m pretty sure they’re going to try to lock me out again especially if the cover story about my Wakanda love child gets out. I’m meeting with Jane to develop the press release. We’re going to try to keep it from going public until after Thanksgiving but it’s going to have to come out eventually.
HSBF: You don’t have to do that.
“So, tomorrow evening?" MJ asked.
Warning: This chapter does have some references to information that we discovered in WandaVision. Of course, it's been twisted for this timeline.
Red spider: Probably some strange combination of the two. How are you, really?
Tony: Ana I told you to only refer to me as Dr. Stark when I’m dealing with assholes or members of the board of directors.
Francis: Maybe I don’t deserve either.
Tony: That’s a valid point. So what do you think I would change about how I was raised?
Dear Pepper:
P Parker: I’m sorry I didn’t tell you what was happening. I wasn’t sure what I could say, and I figured Tony would brief you. I assumed this was one of those things I should leave for the adults.
Cover Image: Steve and Tony naked on Tony’s bed. Strategically placed legs obscuring genitalia.
Also, please note that you’re only going to see one image from Steve, but he included a few others in his letter to Tony. It is more fun if you guys use your imagination.
“You’re right, it is different. Tony is the director of the new Shield replacement agency, the advanced threat containment unit, or rather the acting director because he can’t get confirmed. Technically, it’s the ATCU but there’s still a Shield division A.k.a. the Superhuman, Inhuman, Enhanced Persons Liaison division and I’m part of that. Although I mostly work with children and teenagers with superpowers.” Laura explains.
“Oh. Is it okay to say that I’m sort of happy that I helped you figure that out even if I kind of always hated those posters? I never liked being a dancing monkey for the government. I still don’t. I despise those posters.”
Jemma: Cookies can’t help at a time like this. I've been trying to find him for five years, and he just chose to stay.
“I totally love you.”
Me: Why do I have this sick feeling that you only came to this realization because you nearly died yesterday?
Me: You might be right about her being indisposed. Maybe you should email Queens instead. Not just to hear his side of things, but to see if he’s okay and not just depend on what ever you’re being told in the briefings.
Purple Arrow:  This is something that I’ve done, just not to Ross.
Me: Which is probably a good idea.
Monkey Lover 2: Will I and Fitz need to put together an alibi?
Blue phone: What was he like?
Me: Okay, I’m more concerned with Senator Hateful and General Hale. There’s still rumors about Hale possibly succeeding Ross, if you-know-who wins the election. I think she hates you, so that’s something I’m hoping to avoid. Monkey Lover really dislikes her for some reason. He thinks she is secretly evil and is trying to prove it.
CoulsonPJ: Then we talked. I also have a blackeye right now.
Genius Princess: I need to run additional tests on the white monolith before accomplishing that. We also need Pym particles. I could probably reverse engineer them, but I try to respect the intellectual property of my elders.
“I was trying to be polite.”
Director Snookums: No, you don't. It's just you have all these walls up and it's hard to get past them. But once you do, there’s this great person there just waiting.
Me: Coulson will be the director of the Super Human, Inhuman, and Enhanced Liaison Division with McKenzie as his deputy.
Image 1: Steve’s drawling of Tony in a vast with his Captain America mug working with his hollow projector. Yes, Tony really has that mug.
Me: I’m just doing so much to contribute to the delinquency of minors. I feel like I have a new most embarrassing moment. Oh great, she probably knows about the old embarrassing moment. I am a horrible role model.
"The president is facing reelection. He has to be careful.”
Venom: Probably crying on a still sleeping Benji. I am texting you because she’s my friend, and you need to know what’s going on. That way, you don’t ask her stupid questions in text message form again.
Friday told me you are safe, but refuses to tell me where you actually are. That’s understandable since someone tried to kill you yesterday. Why do you still have the apocalypse filter up? Is it because of the attempted assassination? I’m going to leave another voicemail.
Me: Rio is allowing supervise visits as long as Laura is doing the supervision.
Lily bear 2018: I'm friends with baby bird. She tells me things, or rather, she texts me pictures. She drew a picture of you and Dad hugging at the compound. I thought it meant the two of you would get back together, not that you would end up in another timeline. I should've warned you. I’m sorry.
Me: At least two, Tony. Merry Christmas. We will have lunch in the New Year to celebrate your engagement. Now, I need to sleep.
“Yes. I don’t like name-calling or shaming during sex as well.”
CC: MJ_Watson
Me: What Radcliffe was doing? No. We are all trying to avoid another Ultron fiasco.
Nomad: You can still watch Episode I with me. For some reason, we skipped that. Actually, Clint had us start with Episode IV and V then we watched II and III before going to episode VI and VIII.
HSBF: Not happening, Tony.
Monkey lover 2: Maybe. But I don't know for sure because I don't know exactly what Ross did there, just that it was terrible.
Me: I’m not telling.
Friday: They will contact us at 2 PM their time, which will be two days and 18 hours from now for us.
“Good,” She exhaled in relief.
“I don’t think so. Not without a Loki’s scepter-like situation being involved. I definitely don’t think we’re going to come to blows over the right or wrong way to squeeze toothpastes. I like to think were past that.”
This chapter takes place about 12 hours after the last one on September 22.
Nomad: Which you knew was going to happen because you waited so long to tell her. By the way, I know you made me Sharon’s stepdad. That came out when we were talking to each other. I don’t like that.
Me: I let him spend the night locked away in the DODC.
Nomad: I’ll try.
Me: Yes. All the money in the world can’t make up for some of the fucked-up things I’ve done. And they don’t even know about me taking a minor out of the country without the express consent of his Guardian to participate in the uncivil toddler squabble. That stupidity was like the ultimate red checkmark.
Me: It’s all right. Just try not to sleep with Simmons while you’re under cover and get back to me soon.
TMNS: We are aware.
Me: Fun change of subject. And yes, I did meet my team.
Anthony: I knew that they were going to do this. It’s why I put off putting out the press release for so long. It definitely makes drinking tempting.
No one was yelling or screaming at each other, at least. It probably helped that Happy had decided to head back to Malibu early. Smart man. His friend may be to the point where he’s not going to keep trying to set Tony up with Pepper, but he’s not ready for pastries and coffees with Captain America yet. Tony can respect that.
(See the end of the chapter for
Cuddle Bunny: He could still be director of Shield. I think the organization has a long history of non-traditionally able leaders.
Monkey Lover 2:  I should be working on keeping baby bird’s drawings from happening.
Tony: I don’t think the man ever concerns himself with legal or ethical. What do you expect from a guy who left his second wife post-heart attack for his nurse? I think she’s wife number three.
Tony: Because your wife arrested her with the help of Silk and the other Spider-Man two months ago. I think the name Doc Ock is more memorable.
Me: You’re going along with it?
Happy Bear: That seems like a possibility.
Me: I showed up late for her wedding and then got so drunk that I fell headfirst into the cake without a shirt on or pants.
Are you safe?
“Yes,” Steve answered simply.
Me: You just stated that she’s one of the wisest women on the planet.
“Nobody wants to talk about their sister killing most of their people and then their brother subsequently getting his neck snapped by Thanos not that long after that.”
“We did get engaged, but we didn’t make it down the aisle. I hope you do better,” Leo smirked at her. Why did she have a feeling that he knew something she did not? “Remember to always listen to each other, really listen.”
Time sent: 11/9/2016 16:11:41
“What will be the subject of this heavy conversation I need to have with Tony?” Steve asked changing the subject.
Anthony love: BTW I have agents searching her home right now. I never trusted her. We're aware the president’s choices in political appointments are shit outside of Platypus and his big boss.
Tony: This is what you get for kissing someone that I changed the diaper of. I still want to hear the real version of your bio from you. Wikipedia is always horribly wrong and as we discussed earlier Howard liked to lie, a lot.
“You weren’t supposed to bring her back to 2023.” She hears May chastise the not her husband, who might be her husband in the future. Because apparently, she really is in the future. Maybe they were divorced because there’s no way she would allow Clint to have that hair if they were still married.
HSBF: Exactly. I just want us to be together and not have to worry about anything else.
Time sent: 11/12/2016 8:42:41
Venom: Also, I’m happy I’m on your people that you care about list.
Anthony: You should really try emoticons. I think I gave you that.
Me: Still?
“You’re serious about that?” Steve asked.
HSBF: So it is really my fault for having god awful taste in men?
Me: Also it doesn’t matter what we call the bloody things. The ghost of girlfriends past would still turn you over to Dr. Suarez. Both versions of you.
DILF: Yes, he agreed to be the test subject. As you so eloquently pointed out, Deke and Simmons stole your work. The original plan was for Clint to go back to his farmhouse before the decimation and retrieve an object, but at the last minute, Deke went with him too.
“We did live together for a while and you’re talky when you’re drunk.”
“I don’t know if I can be an icon when I am too afraid to come out to my oldest friend.” At that moment, Tony placed an arm around his boyfriend.
FRIDAY: I believe it works because he is very lonely.
Nomad: Yes, sort of. I believe it’s still referred to as the shovel talk. She’s your friend and I hurt you. So she’s going to defend you. You just want to talk about this now so we won’t talk about you going on a mission when you’re not supposed to.
Tony: So you want to move on to less volatile or less emotional ground?
Continuity Note: There are spoilers from/allusions to Agents of Shield: Slingshot in this conversation and a few of the upcoming sections. A slightly altered version of the events from the web series happened in this universe, mostly because I was planning on something similar happening anyway and the events occurred about the same time frame as the story. It’s nice when we are all on the same page.
Tony: She absolutely promises to stop reading said text messages by the way.
Me: That’s true. I agree.
The Mechanic: Maybe that fiasco was the real reason why I announced that I was Iron Man to the world so this time I would come out on my terms.
Captain tight pants: We don’t all have the same privileges of wealth you do.
Nomad: I think Wanda does. There was a tiny fondant Iron Man and Captain America figure making out in the corner of the cake.
Captain Tight Pants: I am, but I want that for myself too.
Anthony: My hero.
“That is a great idea.” Because he doesn’t want to accidentally crush the car if there’s another strange revelation.
HSBF: You’re mad at him.
Agent 13: I'm aware you don't care about your safety, but you care about his. Don't make the situation more dangerous for him when he can't even defend himself. Right now, your presence would just make him a bigger target.
“I’m paying her triple her usual rate, and apparently we have to agree to have the wedding in a remote location that can be secured, and despite everything else that went wrong, the lighthouse venue was about the only thing that worked well for the Fitzsimmons wedding. Okay, she wants us to switch the wedding day, but I want to be married to you as soon as possible and that weekend is the best option.”
HSBF: Again, I prefer Cuddle Bunny. I am not your boyfriend Barbie. I can dress myself.
Anthony: Jackie knew that her mom was the spy. So did her brother. I don’t even think Michelle was clueless about it either.
To be continued
“Would you be scared for the kids with Director Rhodes renegotiating?”
“She keeps calling me Mr. Stark even though my legal name is Potts Stark. Although I’m a little less mad at Howard now that I know the truth.” As a father, he understands why Howard sent him away. He was doing it right now with Morgan, but Morgan knew what he was doing. At least as much as any four-year-old could understand. Although being his and Pepper’s kid, her understanding is probably 12% greater than most four-year-olds.
Tony Bear: Yep. This should be Stefan’s phone because only a complete idiot would put his superhero name on everything. At least when he or she is trying to do a secret identity anyway.
"That's good. It's one of the reasons why I'm willing to give you support."
Time sent: 11/12/2016 15:35:41
SimmonsJA: Tempting, but no. Have you spoken about the issues that led you to that incident? Because we both know it wasn’t just about the Accords.
“I know that. But you know he wouldn’t want that. He’s probably yelling that at you right now, but you can’t hear him. You don’t have to make that sacrifice. I’m here for a reason. To fix things and I have a plan to fix this,” That’s when Leo pointed to the Princess standing behind him.
