Mycroft raises his hands in placation. "Sherlock, for God's sake, this isn't sixth form. Nobody wants to humiliate you. Everyone's curious about John and you've hidden him away long enough. Time to let Rapunzel out of the tower."
The words are quietly spoken, but the chill air carries it so well that Sherlock may as well have stood right next to him, lips only inches from his ear.
"I have cheated on Audrey a total of four times since we were married, not including you. These—I hesitate to call them relationships, more like
With my hand on the latch of my hotel room door, I find myself balking.
"Good to meet you, Dr. Watson," Agnes said, holding out her liver spotted hand. She had an actual lace trimmed handkerchief tucked into her sleeve.
John's lips, when they touched mine, were slick and soft. Heat flooded my body. He laid his hands on my chest and then, with a slowness that scorched a trail on my skin he slid them up and over my shoulders before tangling his fingers in his hair. His mouth opened against mine and I groaned, deep in my throat. I tried to suppress it but that only lent it the sound of a grunt and John chuckled throatily.
But what if there was more to it?
"I think you want it. I think you would love for me to tie you up and do unspeakable things to your naked body," I purred. "Most of all, though, I think you like being told what to do."
Sherlock whirled around and grinned at John, "Oh, she's like you then, is she?"
It wasn't until he was home in bed that night, utterly exhausted, that John realized that he'd said
John snorted in disbelief so loudly that several people around him turned to look at him, their faces portraying a range of emotions from curious to indignant. John shrugged at all of them, and wished he had not come. He didn't want to have a conversation with Mrs. Hudson about his relationship with Sherlock while at Sherlock's mother's funeral.
into John's hair.
I love him. I tell him so over and over
"You're
"Plan
In the Mid-Midwinter
SECRETS!!!! I was so excited all week.
thinner band of gold around the ring and it has two snakes climbing up a stick and then there are wings at the top and it goes all the way around twice so you have to turn the ring to see all of it. It is called a CADUCEUS and it is a symbol of doctors.
, he thought to himself, having gleaned that much from the leaflet before being accosted by Mrs. Hudson.
There are words interspersed in the savage noises John is making, mostly muffled by my arse cheeks, and I'm not sure if he intends me to hear them or if they're for him alone. Words like
"Thank you," John says slowly, voice full of awe.
"Oh, God, I never want to see any of those people again! I should've divorced you ages ago for dragging me to all those goddamn parties and get-togethers."
difference is but she
John made a grumpy face and Sherlock kissed it off and replaced it with a happy, pleased face, which was Sherlock's second favorite John-face. The first being the one that made the skin around his eyes crinkle.
Sherlock's mouth opened, then closed again. He raised his eyebrows, shrugged, and said, "You think my hair's gorgeous?"
They are my cheerleaders, my squealing chorus of "Yasssss ohmygod you totally have to write that!" My sounding boards. My marriage counselors. My friends. Recipients of rants on many, many subjects. My dictionaries/thesauruses/providers of "what's that word?" They proofread. Analyze style. Correct grammar. They're unapologetically honest with me when I'm not putting out my best work. They answer questions I've asked a dozen times before.
. What the dean had really meant was
In my addled state, I blurt out, "Good God, have mercy!
At that, John's mouth goes dry, blood roars in his ears, and he can feel his heartbeat in all four limbs.
John lets him, God help him. He lets Sherlock kiss him while he memorizes as much as he can during the precious few seconds it lasts, then he's shoving Sherlock back. Sherlock stumbles, then rights himself and tries to reach for John again, but John darts out of his way.
questions because we (meaning John and Dad) can at least give her (meaning me) the correct information. John was very serious when he said this and there was loads of other stuff he said but I
Now that the post-first kiss ardor had cooled (by necessity, as riding in a cab with an erection was just not on) Sherlock found the realities of the situation floating to the surface of his mind. The steps from where he was now (the cab) to where he wanted to be (naked in bed with John), were many and the variables at any point along the way might bring the whole thing crashing down.
"No!" John nearly shouts. "No, we're not—he's not
"Everyone else must still be in the village," Will says, sounding unconcerned.
?" Sherlock asks, looking genuinely puzzled.
poses. It communicated all his exasperation and indecision about whether it was worth the time and energy required to pursue the subject. It made Sherlock feel that
Plenty of people—including John—assumed I was asexual for the same reason. They'd never seen me date or even mention being romantically or sexually interested in someone. For those unattached BDSM practitioners like myself who kept their lifestyle separate from the rest of their life, it was preferable for others to assume we were asexual. It allowed us to avoid questions about our love lives. There is a direct correlation between how long you've been single and the frequency with which people ask you why that is so. In my case, Mrs. Hudson is the only person I know who persists in nagging me about my love life.
"Oh, too true. Kidnappings do tend to ruin the mood a bit."
"I'm not one of your trainees, Oasis. You don't have to
But seven comes and goes without a knock on his door. His foreboding increases. At 7:15, the summons finally comes. For a moment, he's flooded with relief. Then his heart breaks into a tap dance on top of his diaphragm and he can't breathe.
"It's bloody cold in here! Why've you got the curtains open? You're just letting all that cold seep into the room. And it wouldn't kill you to turn the gas on in the fireplace. It's not like you've got to build it up with logs the old-fashioned way or anything. It'd be nice to come in out of the freezing cold, and find a warm flat waiting for me."
John raised an eyebrow, but acceded to Sherlock's impatience. He stepped easily around Toby and up to Sherlock, who cupped the back of his head, and bent his head so that he and John were breathing the same air. "Almost since I first saw you tonight, I've thought of having you here. In fact, I've considered seven different scenarios, but I'm at a loss as to which should win the day. Perhaps you could help me choose?"
I did what Oasis had advised me to do—I stopped thinking and plotting, didn't talk or demand or unleash a barrage of questions at John. I waited. Not patiently, exactly, because I had no patience—but because he would come to me when he was ready, and to push him before then was like taking back my assertion of love and respect.
"Hello, John," Audrey said. She looked pale and harried, and distinctly uncomfortable. Audrey was wearing a blue t-shirt, white stretchy pants that came to just below her knees and white plimsolls, which John hadn't seen since primary school. She fidgeted with the keys she held in her hand. "I'm sorry to barge in on you like this, but I wondered if I might talk to you about Sherlock?"
I felt like I had been starving without knowing it and John's mouth and hands weren't feeding me fast enough. His hands and his lips became rougher; I responded in kind. Our lips had gone beyond mere kissing—our mouths were bruising each other in the desire to be closer and closer still, to bridge every minute gap between them. All I could hear was our ragged breathing and the wet sounds of our mouths as they came apart and together over and over. I pulled away from the kiss to press my mouth against his carotid, feeling it hammer against my lips, his racing heart keeping pace with my own. I dug my fingers into the skin at his waist drawing a hiss from him. He pressed his forehead against mine while we tried to catch our breath.
And the promise, afterwards, for
by Sherlock, a hunger he hadn't let John see before now. "I want to lay you out and suck you dry, fuck you hard enough for it to
As expected, her response wasn't favorable.
Grunting with the effort, he hauled himself out of bed and limped towards the door. When he opened it, the man standing there, dressed in a jumper and corduroy trousers, looked so unlike the man John remembered, that he almost invited him in. Then he realized. It was
—waiting to talk to John about this very thing, but it wasn't supposed to have been like this. He wanted to tell John about his daughter, who was brilliant, and curious, and already, at only seven years old, had a sly sense of humor surprisingly adult.
"Of course I had."
"Where?" he asked, almost accusatory.
. John threw his mobile down on the bed, and jumped up. He was going to shower, go out, and get laid.
"You have a head in your fridge," I say like an idiot.
It seems cruel what we're doing to ourselves, but I also know that there isn't another way. That's not entirely true—I suppose I could've pretended to be asleep and he would've gone back to my spare room and that would've been an end to it.
"Is that so?" John asked, and laughed. "Did you make your bed, too?"
"John, I'm going out," I said, then stood up and made for my bedroom.
You should click on the link for the song at the end. The video shows two women together, which I think is apropos for this story. Because, you know, LGBTQ.
If John was leaving him, Sherlock wasn't going to allow it to happen while he was in his pajamas.
"Who's that man, Daddy? Why's he leaving?" John heard Louisa say in a child's whisper, the type that carried.
to me!"
"And this?" I cup his crotch, the erection straining against the denim, and rub my heel up and down a few times. "This tells quite a different story."
I'd managed to keep that part of my life completely separate from the crime solving and then, in the last year, from the life I shared with John. And now, here I was, staring down at the face of a murder victim I'd seen several times at The Red Hand.
"But just to clarify—
Sherlock followed her into the office. It was reminiscent of a gentleman's club, with dark leather chairs, worn carpets, a solid oak desk, and a small gas fireplace. She'd decorated it like that when they moved in eight years ago. The house was a gift from her parents when Audrey told them she was pregnant with Louisa. Sherlock had found it endearing, the idea of Audrey sitting behind a huge oak desk, her open face and easy smile so at odds with the kind of whiskery old codger one expected to find in this kind of room.
"It's so realistic!"
The fear dogs him in his sleep and his dreams are full of Sherlock's disapproving face.
John stares unseeingly at his own cup of tea, which he's clutching like a life preserver in both hands. He squeezes his eyes shut. To Sherrinford's credit, she says nothing. Then, John leans forward and carefully sets his cup of tea on the coffee table. "You're right," he whispers, slumping against the back of the couch, a long breath of almost-relief escaping him. "Goddammit, you're right. I'm just—" John stops, feeling excuses piling up behind his lips.
"Relax," I said, rolling my eyes. "I'm not going to hurt him."
, you're just as bad as Sherlock!" John moans, rubbing his face. "Give a bloke some dignity."
, repeating it over and over again. When, finally, a taxi stopped, I ushered him into the back of a taxi, and then —because of course I did—I got a lovely, straight on view of John's beautiful, tight arse. I had to strangle the noise that threatened to escape my throat.
"What do you mean, Toby already knows his place?"
could open it he would ground me for the REST OF MY LIFE!!! I laughed and he said ok I will take away your laptop FOR THE REST OF YOUR LIFE!!! He kept saying that he would do this and that FOR THE REST OF YOUR LIFE and we were
Oh my God John just read something and it is SO FUNNY! John says that the word for all the people who come after you is POSTERITY not POSTERIOR because POSTERIOR means your bum! I guess John will have to proofread this again! He says I have terrible handwriting and I told him his jumper is ugly. He laughed because he
. I wonder if he can pick things up with them? It's rude, probably, to stare at someone's naked feet, but I reckon it's better to stare at his feet than at his crotch where the trackie bottoms fit a bit snug. The hoodie, at least, is big enough to fit him. His bony wrists show, which just illustrates how different in size we are because that thing absolutely drowns me. I don't even know why I've kept it around. Maybe in case I ever got fat.
"Ah," John said, nodding. "We all carry our war wounds."
much weight. That meant that Sherlock had already been losing weight
"No," Sherlock said, grabbing handfuls of his hair and pulling on it, a habit when he was overwhelmed with frustration or panic. "I just need you to—"
"I love you, I love you," John breathes out, whispering the words into the skin at the side of Sherlock's neck.
Despite Sherlock's rude behavior towards his sisters when he woke up, breakfast with the Holmeses cements the belief John developed the night before—Sherlock's family is a happy family, and Sherlock's happy when he's with them.
Greg responded. He must've still been at the flat or only then getting into his car because Greg didn't text while driving. He wasn't good at either task—attempting to do both at the same time would've been catastrophic.
"Then take off your coat," John said with a frown.
bedroom and leaving this one to my devious designs."
"With my mother," Audrey said, walking further into the room.
I smiled triumphantly. "Ah, but which one of us
they're cool.
"You've done so beautifully," I cooed, and kissed his eyebrows, his cheeks. "So perfect and gorgeous. I'm going to untie you now."
I heard a low mumble of words suspended inside a constant, breathy moan, but he didn't answer my question. I moved closer to him and brushed the sweaty hair off his forehead. He turned his blind eyes towards me and I leaned down, kissing him on the cheek under the blindfold.
to stick his dick in. With gentle hands he pressed her knees together and then pulled her dress down over them, covering her.
I prompted myself. I looked helplessly at Oasis who was staring back at me with concern glimmering in her black eyes. She reached out and grabbed my hand, holding onto it and patting it despite my attempts to remove it from her grasp. I made a noise of disgust and slumped a little closer, allowing myself to accept a modicum of her comfort before shifting away again.
. I'm not going to walk out and leave you here to deal with this yourself."
Sherlock nodded and said, "Thank you for that." He took a deep breath. "And Louisa? Have you said anything to her?"
They smiled at each other. It felt good—relaxing, uplifting in a way.
"Right," Sherlock murmured, confused. He didn't care if Sherlock slept upstairs? Or, he didn't care where Sherlock slept
"Something like that," she answered, doing a complicated shrug with her shoulders, one hand and her eyebrows that made him bite back a laugh.
he thought, souring with disappointment. "Married?" he cried. "Why do you need a flatmate if you're married?"
"Yes," Sherlock says, his gaze intense. "Now, tell me how many fingers."
"Because you're moving into my bedroom and we're turning
He grimaced, squeezing his eyes shut for a second or two before opening them and trying again, but before he could speak, a woman in the front row said, "You’re that detective!" and every pair of eyes in the room zeroed in on him.
"Then I suppose Jimmy Dawson will give us a ride home," Will says with a laugh and claps his son on the back. He looks over at John and winks. "John, how do you feel about caroling?"
, I thought.
kissed and we all
I believe that was the moment that John
It wouldn't have mattered if I
"It's a friend of Daddy's, darling. He had somewhere to be," Audrey said
Silence. John snorts a humorless laugh at the lack of response from Sherlock because that's one of his tactics—the quiet kicked puppy. Usually, this is when John feels guilty for hurting Sherlock's feelings, and he hates Sherlock—well and truly
?" John splutters.
I turn my fifteen year old Mercedes G Wagon off the road and slowly work my way towards him. There's freezing rain pissing down. Slowly, I back the Wagon to the edge of the burn, and put it in neutral, leaving the car running. As I step out, he disappears again, and then his head pops up as he tries to climb his way out.
then realize I hope for the exact opposite. Suddenly, Sherlock's penetrating eyes and wild, black hair, and those stupidly freaky feet are all I can think about.
the power exchange works, but he—but I—"
I can't believe—"
I tried to speak, but ended up making aborted gestures to indicate my own flummoxed state.
"Why didn't you want me to meet your family?"
Sherlock couldn't help but laugh, and Audrey gave him a warning look. He shrugged his shoulders, and got his smile under control.
"When you say
Sherlock's hands cover his mouth shakily, his eyes wide and darkening. He swallows noisily and then he puts out his hand. "Come here," he commands, his voice a purr that shivers along John's bones.
"Who calls it that?" Louisa asked, then took a sip of her chocolate.
Sherlock reached a hand for him, but John slapped him away. "
Evelyn, clearly teasing, adds, "Yeah!"
through his teeth I asked: Is this for John? and he said: Yes it is an
The officers and detectives in the bullpen didn't notice him until he'd started asking if anyone had seen Sherlock. Within half an hour, John, having become bullish in his mounting anxiety—was escorted from the building. He called Mrs. Hudson as he walked and asked her if Sherlock was at the flat. She went upstairs to check, but he wasn't there. She told John she'd call right away if Sherlock came home. With no other recourse, he started walking rather than take a cab in the hopes that walking would tire him out and alleviate some of the physical anxiety, and then he'd repeatedly called Sherlock until his feet began to ache, and the battery saver on his phone came on. He flagged down a cab to take him home.
"Hm," Sherlock mutters, clearly suspicious. "John, Dad wants to show you the orchard."
John glanced down at himself, and said, "Oh, yeah. I brought a bag. Took a week off work. That's alright with you, yeah?"
"The pleasure is all mine," John said with sincerity. He shook her small hand, marveling at seeing Sherlock's long, awkward yet elegant fingers on such a small scale.
"I'm not an idiot, Sherlock," John said.
. I just want to go to bed and sleep."
"You're an insufferable bastard, you know that?" John mutters against Sherlock's lips. Sherlock hums happily, as though John has just given him a compliment. "Oh, we're that confident, are we?" John asks, pulling back, taking in Sherlock's delighted smile, his throat framed taut as he looks up into John's eyes. John stares at Sherlock's Adam's apple and the goose bumps that have formed over that pale stretch of skin. He wants to bite it.
"Of course not, John!" Sherlock says, that beseeching note ratcheting his voice up higher than its usual bass. "You're my friend, my
secret presents. YES, ANOTHER STORY!!!
except that Harry is an unrepentant alcoholic and I would be a fool to trust her."
and this begins tomorrow with
"I want you, John," I say, unnerved by the breathlessness in my voice, and I bend over him, picking up one of his hands, and tugging on it, trying to pull him up, but he resists, and says in a deep, commanding voice, "Stop," and I let go of his hand, and step back.
Sherlock doesn't speak for a long moment and John, on the edge of his seat, asks, "So what happened then? Did he leave you?"
, he thought. There was no reason for him to be here, and he regretted coming. He should've listened to the sensible part of his brain that had told him,
"Yes!" Audrey said, turning to him with a smile. "I don't want to lose that, that—I mean we were best friends once, and I know that having spent nearly a third of our lives married to each other makes it a little more difficult to go back to being
"Fine?" I ask, shaking my head in mock disappointment. "I'll need more information than that. Did it hurt?"
Then he thought of John, of plunging himself into
decision).
So, it is with considerable embarrassment that he ponders his next move. Last night, he'd run back to the house and straight up the stairs without speaking to anyone. It had been early still, barely after eight, but he couldn't force himself to face anyone. Sherlock had tried, certainly. He'd asked if John was leaving. John's response, after a long moment, was
John's fingers went to the buttons on his shirt. I watched greedily as each piece of skin was exposed to my eyes. As he undressed, his teeth and tongue worried his lips so hard they turned from pink to red. When he was down to his underpants, John didn't hesitate. He pushed them down and dropped them on top of the rest of his clothes, then picked the pile up and deposited them on top of the clothes hamper at the foot of the bed.
I choke on my own spit, so aroused by the image that I swear I can feel a drop of pre-seminal fluid bead in the slit of my cock and roll down the underside, following the thick, pulsing vein underneath before dropping onto my balls. Meanwhile, John has reached for my arms and is pulling me towards the bed and then pushing me down so that I'm looking up at him.
"John!" Charysa says, always the cheerful, eager Holmes. "We need you as tie-breaker. We're voting on whether or not we should go in the car to look at Christmas lights in the village since caroling is cancelled because of the rain. What do you think?"
"So, you've said many times, doctor. My birthday is in April, just in case you want to compensate me for my awesomeness," she laughed, white teeth flashing against her dark skin.
Okay, okay, I'll stop with the little ditty. I just wanted to introduce my beta team and give them all the thanks they deserve. Jenn, Katie and Tia are the most awesome of betas. They're amazing women and amazing friends. I will never stop being grateful to them for the ways they've helped me become a better, more organized writer.
"But why not just
"Sorry, Mum," Sherlock says, sounding like a thirteen year old boy, sullen and self-conscious.
"When you say
The floorboards creaked again, and then the
difference between JUST LOVE and IN LOVE. Was it that you had sex with the person you are IN LOVE with? Dad
that's because he's a doctor and doctors don't get
John's nostrils flare as he stares at Sherlock's shrewd and smirking eyes. "Please stop saying naughty words, Sherlock. It's obvious you know how they affect me."
stopped listening after that.
Normally, when John and Sherlock need to talk about something uncomfortable, John makes them tea. This thought leads him to the kitchen where he finds all the women.
"Oh, and I told Louisa she could come next weekend to stay as well."
At midday on the year’s midnight
"How many fingers? Although, I'm curious to know how many men have had their fingers in your arse as well."
at those times. To see Sherlock dressed down as himself feels so close to illicit to John that he avoids Sherlock's gaze for the rest of the morning.
When we got home, I could feel John's attention focused on me, but I pretended not to notice. I set myself up on the couch with both of our laptops and my phone in an attempt to look Very Busy. John stood in the kitchen doorway, uncertainty coloring his usual stillness until I barked, "Sit down! Your hovering is making it difficult to think."
responded to his overture because shortly after he tried to kiss me, Oasis began beating us about the head with her fat little hand. "Stop! Hands off! Sherlock is having boy problems! Be serious!"
say or you
"Yes, I know what you mean," John said with a smile in his eyes.
When Sherlock crouched down next to them, he discreetly pulled out a knife and cut the rope binding her ankle, but to cut the one around her wrist, he would have to bring the knife within her field of vision and he was unsure how she would react to it. Instead, he cut the rope where it was tied to the engine while she was distracted by Toby who was enthusiastically licking her hands and arms and face. She giggled, and when he put his finger on his lips in the universal gesture for
John quotes in a murmur.
and jumped off her lap, ran from the morning parlor to the back door, and out onto the back lawn. I kept running and running, crying and crying, feeling so persecuted. That's exactly how it felt—like I was being persecuted. First, Mycroft went off to school, then Mummy threatened to kick me in the shins for no reason.
," Charysa squeals. "The tea cups are
"Oh, my God, are you really going to, going to—
"Something that's not forthcoming?" Eurus suggests helpfully, and they all laugh, John included.
The second thing you should know is that I know I
"Oh, God," John groaned. "Your eyes are getting all glittery in that scary way."
admiring him and was, in fact, completely ignoring him and gritting his teeth a lot while avoiding Sherlock's eyes. Sherlock was confident sex was not on offer.
"Don't be stupid." He replied coolly, but without his usual harshness. Turning his eyes away from John and again standing to move away.
"Sherlock?" John whispered softly, trembling hard.
"Your doctor," The nurse smirked and nodded to John. John blushed slightly and Sherlock shook his head. Even half dead John was worrying about him.
"John, please dry these tears they will do naught but harm you further." Mycroft whispered as he felt the mender finally relax. "He connected with you, did he not?" He ran his fingers through John's hair, sighing softly.
"So be it then. Elizabeth you are saved my anger by John's kindness. John will see you out." Mycroft motioned dismissively.
"You're the one who wears all these bloody layers. I don't have the patience for that right now, I have far too much else to worry about." John groaned as the air in the room seemed to evaporate and he found it hard to breath. "Don't worry I brought you a change of clothes to wear
“That is kind of them and you to offer, however I do not know how you will provide any additional assistance.” Mycroft said tearing his eyes away. “I have little luck in consoling my fledgling and there is little else to do.” He looked down.
"I swear it, John. I'm not going anywhere until you can go with me." Sherlock's voice was still quiet but firm. He reached out and gently cupped John's cheek. "Rest now, I'll guard you."
"A.. Wait.. What?" John jumped up and looked around. He was dressed in his t-shirt and boxers. "Oh, sorry." He offered as a scant apology, turning his face away from Sherlock. He was definitely upset and embarrassed.
” Sherlock’s voice was weak and full of pain.
"So lonely John decided that if the other boy didn't like him it would be okay, he would just do what he always did when he came to the estate. So he took his toy soldiers and went to the gazebo, his favorite place in King James' kingdom and set up the soldier to prepare for a battle against the evil invaders trying to take over King James' land. See lonely John had desperately desired to become a military man since he was very little and one year for Christmas King James bought him a neat little military coat with matching trousers and a set of matching toy soldiers. So John felt it was his duty to make sure the soldiers protected King James' land. He prepared his troops and stood behind them, ready to fight if necessary and gave the order for his men to march to the left. Just then a voice called out from the bushes and said 'Don't go left, left is stupid and boring!' It made John jump right out of his skin as he hadn't thought anyone had been watching. So he knelt back down by his soldiers and looked around, just in time to see the other little boy push his way out of the hedges and come marching over to him. Lonely John was red with shame, sad that the other boy thought his command was the wrong one. The other boy knelt down, hugging his knees to his chest and looked over the soldiers. 'You can't go left,' he said, 'That's boring and predictable. It's what they expect and you can't do what they expect. Never ever do what they expect you do to.' The boy was looking over the troops more closely and then he stood, putting his hands on his hips and looking John over. The stare he gave was powerful and John would never meet anyone who could give one like it, somehow John knew in that moment that the other boy knew everything about him while John still knew nothing about him. So John just looked at him and looked at what he was. The other boy had dark hair, but John could only see a tiny tuft of it from under the orange and green scarf wrapped around his head. He had an eye patch over his left eye and a stuffed parrot tied to his shoulder. Another piece of the scarf, which John later found out was a bed sheet the boy had destroyed to make his costume, was looped through the belt loops of his cut off brown trousers. He had no shoes on and a toy sword strapped to his side." Hamish's eyes were huge now.
again, well—we're just not going to think about it, okay? Right now, I'm just trying to keep my head, and that means focusing on one thing at a time." John took a deep breath and then looked at Sherlock like he dared Sherlock to contradict him.
"But, but—
When they pull apart, Sherlock's darkening eyes don't leave John's as he says, "And on that note, John and I are retiring to our bedroom so I can—"
. I'm not helping you out because I'm a doctor. I'm helping you out because—well, listen," he huffed, lowering his eyes, his mouth turning up in a self-deprecating smile, "I tried to un-love you, all right? But I couldn't. I
The flat on Baker Street that he'd shared with John for a bare four and a half weeks was now home, and it was a home in the way that this house never had been. Yes, this had been home because it was the place where he, his wife and their daughter lived. Yet he'd had no hand in choosing it or paying for it or even decorating it other than the basement where he'd set up his lab. This house had fit him like a cheap suit; too snug in some places and too loose in others, only a few places worn comfortably.
like that about each other, then why not take the next step?"
?" Sherlock asks her, smacking her in the back of the head.
"Oh, yes, yes, sorry," John said, clasping his hands in his lap and arranging his body and face into faux solemnity.
Both Sherlock and Louisa looked at her like they didn't understand the question. Sherlock finally clarified, saying, "I think your mother's trying to ask if you're upset."
"I'm sorry to hear it," John said, voice low and sincere, but hard enough to make sure Mycroft knew that his sympathy only extended so far, "but I'm not sure why you're asking me to go."
. "This is terrible timing! Why do we have to do this thing now?"
. A bloody week! And you've been so depressed, you need my help just to manage your daily tasks." Sherlock winced, and John put his arm around Sherlock's neck, squeezing it comfortingly. "That was
, while John's lips and tongue and then his hands slowly opened up all the most tender places in Sherlock's heart.
"Good Lord, Sherlock, I saw you
"Do you have something?" John asked, looking at me with bright-eyed expectation. He was waiting to be awed. He was waiting for me to be extraordinary.
to lie to her, but when it came to knowing everything, Oasis was like a benevolent version of Mycroft, if Mycroft had an actual personality. (And was female, Mexican, short and fat, and had a tragic lack of fashion sense).
"I've got to sell that goddamn farm," I say to myself under my tears. Then I herd the new mother and her lively, eager-for-life offspring into a lambing paddock where she'll have plenty of room, fresh water, and one of the farm hands can keep an eye on her and the little one.
"—alone time," John hurries to say over him. "To, ah, contemplate our—Christmas spirit. Yeah."
While we took shelter from the sleet in a cafe, Oasis asked me how I was doing—by which she meant The John Thing—and I told her the truth. I was torn and despondent. Terrified to speak to him and uncomfortable in his presence, as though he would see the things I wanted to do to him in my eyes and how they lingered on him. What frightened me even more was the erosion of my discipline. I had to focus on not staring him. I stopped myself from grabbing him and kissing him when he came near. I wanted to yell at him to go and never come back because wanting him, wanting
While rushing for the loo and a warm flannel, I undid my trousers, letting out a long groan of relief, and kicked them off. As the water in the sink warmed up, I took off my shirt until I wore only my boxer briefs. My erection jutted forward obscenely and a wet spot the size of a guinea was visible at the front of my pants.
“I’m sorry, you startled me. I just wanted to go out, you know? Anyway, are you two okay again?”
I still feel left out. There’s something you didn’t tell me and then, you keep running to Sherlock, trying to find excuses instead of saying you want to see your best friend - which has always been enough reason before. You look fed up, you barely sleep, even your limp is bad again! John, I beg you, what happened?”
He grinned at Lestrade but it felt wrong so he started to think about everything again.
“Thanks for the book, Sherlock, it was very thoughtful of you. You didn’t poison the cookies, though, did you?”
John needs to get away from Mary and seeks out Sherlock, hoping for news - but he doesn't like what he finds.
Hey there! I'm still alive and I bring you a new chapter! Next one is nearly done as well, should be there later this week (I hope, no promises :s)
wife darling?? He hoped there was a name in the last one, so he could show that idiot who he was messing with.
Trying to change the subject didn’t help him feel better but he wasn’t that uneasy talking about Sherlock now. Or rather, trying to not talk about it.
“But I haven’t come here to talk about my wife. I wanted to see you’re okay. Which you are not, obviously. So I have to make it better, somehow. Sherlock, tell me how to help you.”
Everything to do with Sherlock was an exception.
“Happy Christmas, John,” he said and John handed him his own box.
The elder Holmes listened for a while, then his brow furrowed and he ended the call.
Had it been Mike, whom he hadn’t seen for years, bringing up old memories again?
His smile felt like an insane grimace, so he relaxed his muscles again and tried not to look creepy. Since he felt like a zombie, that was harder to manage than he had thought.
Have fun reading c:
He let go of his friend and stepped back to get some much needed distance. His head was swirling with thoughts. Had he really just called Sherlock
He barely couldn’t believe himself asking this, but the scent was without doubt coming from Sherlock’s kitchen, not Mrs. Hudson’s.
Soon enough he was standing in front of the door, and now his heart was beating so fast he was sure he’d collapse soon. A little part of him wished he had walked more slowly; he was suddenly so scared of opening the door although he couldn’t say what would be worse. Stepping through it and finding Sherlock, seeing him overdosing or close to it, knowing that
, and that was when he lost himself.
“Want another one or are you done for tonight?”, he asked, gesturing towards John’s empty glass.
Hey there, I'm sorry it's been so long! I don't really have an excuse, sorry. I'm a lazy and forgetful person and that doesn't really work well. But I promise never to abandon this story, I'm just sorry about the waiting times :x
“John, it’s Sarah. Listen, I really don’t want to get involved but your wife left her phone at home and asked me to tell you to visit her. She’s not in a very good mood, though, so better bring flowers or chocolate or everything.”
He was asking question nonstop now, stupid questions, pointless questions, feeling desperate and annoying and annoyed and lost and suddenly he just wanted some tea, and armchair and crap telly.
Sherlock left the building and wanted to call a cab, but he didn’t know where to go anyway so he just leaned against the wall.
Since my internet still isn't good enough to post anything when I'm home, you had to wait until I was back at my bf's place. Sorry for that. But here's the next chapter! I'm staying here until Friday so I'll try and get another chapter online before I leave, since I don't know when I'll be back here.
He looked proud for a moment, then he seemed to remember who he was talking to and his face fell immediately.
“I checked your phone this morning, to see if I needed to tell anyone that you’re in here. But to be fair, you shouldn’t get unsigned messages that have ‘darling’ in them!”
Greg wasn’t Mike but he’d probably understand him better if John decided to actually talk about it.
As before, John was lost for words. How could it be that Sherlock only cared about him when everyone else showed their concern whenever they came to see him? How could Sherlock not care about the feelings of anyone else just after he had found out how feelings worked? He should know that being left could break you. He should know that this was unfair to everyone.
So, here it is. Next chapter. Hope you like it! This is the first chapter that I typed in the train on my new tablet so... Please forgive any mistakes I might have made (spelling errors etc., ofc not plotholes :D) I tried to go over the chapter and get them all out but I might have missed some.
“I lost the baby, John. I lost our baby”, she whispered, and if she hadn’t repeated it, John wouldn’t have been sure if he had understood her right. He froze in shock at the realisation of her words, then he sank on the empty bed next to her and buried his face in his hands.
“Tea?” he asked and the Doctor nodded, suppressing a smile. This was a Sherlock he had never known, being nice and openly caring about other people. Then again, it was for a case, that definitely explained the dedication the detective showed.
nervous, John could hear that.
“Yes?”, he asked warily, all too prepared for another excuse to take back John’s actions.
“He’s my best friend, and that will not change. And I will try to make sure that he’s getting better now, because we both know that he’s a big unsensible baby and I’m probably the only one who can keep him away from drugs.”
Yeeeah, I'm back. Sorry it took so long! Last weeks have been kinda messed up and I'm still messed up so this chapter is probably messed up but hey! It's a chapter :)
With slightly shaking fingers, he typed.
It's a bit short but I hope you still like it. It doesn't add tooooo much to the story but I still found it necessary to include :)
She hoped he wouldn’t avoid her question now that he had his answers, but luckily John’s sense of fairness got hold of him.
And so John told everything, from the afternoon Sherlock had decided to tell him that he had developed feelings for him to his weird feeling in the flat. When he was done, both of them were already halfway through their second beer.
Sherlock wakes up for the first time and John rushes to his side.
John cleared his throat.
There was a sad finality in this goodbye, both men knew he probably wouldn’t run to crime scenes with Sherlock anytime soon, if ever again. Yet, the inspector only smiled and stood up to give John a friendly pat on the shoulder.
When they finally pulled apart, John blushed a deep red and whispered: “I swear, it’s all the cookies. They were a full success, Sherlock…”
John felt really miserable right now but of course he couldn’t just expect her to forgive him for it.
“I can’t lose you like this”, the doctor whispered instead and stared down at his hands.
“Actually, Greg, I just wanted to go to the pub. I could really use some distraction after these past few days so if you’re free I’d be happy to meet you there.”
He was not sure if this was some sort of joke or if Sherlock had suffered from his almost-overdose more than they thought.
And without thinking, he kissed Sherlock on the lips.
Grinning, he started to pay more attention to the show again, calling out all the irregularities he found. They had a rule, though - the most obvious one would be for Sherlock to name, and then he would insult all the characters on the show. John had already spotted a likely candidate, and it could only be seconds until Sherlock’s voice would yell out that they were all stupid.
He kept pondering about that without coming to a solution until his head hurt and he decided he should go home now. He was a bit wobbly on his feet, but he didn’t knock anything over on his way out so he supposed he was fine.
“Because I told you I’d never leave you,” John answered as calmly as possible.
He was holding a cup of tea and toasted to him with a mocking smile.
So, this will be a slightly longer (I hope, otherwise it's normal length!) chapter. I will be gone for around two weeks now, visiting my family :) I promise to bring back new chapters when I'm back :) Have a nice summer everyone :)
The smoke cleared a bit as John waved his hand through it, and Sherlock finally appeared in John's sight. A bit blurry still but at least something.
His voice was calm but not in a good way. Everyone who knew the ex-soldier was aware of the fact that this only meant the oncoming end of his patience.
“I am sorry… I am so sorry, so sorry…”, he repeated a couple of times until sobbing took over his voice.
Mrs Hudson just shook her head, not sure whether answering was wise or not. Finally, she said: “Oh dear. I’m sorry. I really am. Look what he’s done to do. Let me bring you some tea.”
John sighed.
Mycroft blames John for messing with Sherlock, John blames Mycroft for everything else.
Until then - enjoy!
Okay, number two is up! Let's hope I find the time to type out the next two chapters as well, but I'll try my best. Should be here before Christmas!
The consulting detective didn’t seem to listen to him, instead he said: “You say Mary’s in hospital. It’s something with the baby… But there’s more that upsets you… Something happened and she wants a divorce. Why would she want that?”
John snorted. Despite the absurdity of this situation, a small laugh escaped his lips: he was
“Oh bloody hell, does this start again! If you took enough to see things, I should put you into hospital and check on you every ten seconds!”, John nearly yelled and then felt bad as Sherlock flinched.
He made to move to a shelf behind the couch, but John stopped him.
He shook his head and started walking to the pub, that was just around the corner, and arrived there just after Greg.
Sherlock sighed and John tried to think of something to say that could change his mind. He was growing desperate but the detective seemed to be so stubborn... He had always liked this but right now he would have rather Sherlock get out of this room without arguing.
He wasn’t sure if that was the case, but Mycroft tended to be quite short-tempered when it came to his little baby brother.
“John, hey, it’s Greg… Greg Lestrade”, the DI said. “Listen, I heard what happened with your wife and… I can understand if you want to be with her now, I just wanted to say if you need someone to talk to or not talk to… I know that we never really had to do with each other but I still consider you a friend. You probably knew this but just in case you didn’t. Anyway, I’m always available.”
He was already thinking about just grabbing Sherlock by the shirt and pull him out of the smoke when he heard him say: "Fine, you won. Just this time, don't think you can always haunt me."
Had it been Harriet herself, calling John when she was drunk, messing up her own life and wanting John to fix it?
"John!", Sherlock cried, but it didn't matter. Even if John came back, it would never be like before again. He slid down the door and sat on the stairs that connected the flat with the pavement. As expected, John wasn't even turning around, and he knew that he had messed it up for real this time.
I assume not. You were always the favourite boy in class, weren't you. Everyone liked you, everyone wanted to be your friend. And even though you had quite a couple of failed relationships before you found your wife, there was always a next woman.
When he realized where he was, he stumbled back in shock. It was the building of their very first case where Sherlock had nearly died. John had saved him from the pill that might have been deadly. But John wasn’t here to save him now, even though Sherlock needed him so much. John would never save him again. John would lead a normal life with his
“Wear this.”
to hear?
Sherlock froze.
I finally have internet! I am so sorry for the long wait but as it is with internet companies: It almost never works. But now I'm back, and I brought a chapter with me! The next one is already halfway written, so I hope I can successfully use the time in the train to work and back and give you a new chapter soon. That said, I still have a lot of work to do at my new flat so.. Not so sure about that. Sorry. :)
Determined to make this work, she smiled and said: “I’m sorry, darling, I’m a bit messed up. It was all so much, you know…”
“I’m sorry. Anyway, I feel totally wasted and I should sleep right now. They say if I feel good by tomorrow evening, I might be discharged the day after, so… Can you tidy up our place a bit? And maybe text Sophie what happened and that I’m fine? That would be great.”
John felt the need to smash his fist against the nearest wall but that would only attract attention. And what he could use the least now were people.
John sets up a meeting with Sophie and her boyfriend, Mary is not too happy about that.
Enjoy!
(Yeees, Rise Against again, I'm sorry, I'll try to vary a bit in the future, I promise!)
“Awesome. Same pub as every time?”, Greg asked and John had to grin. They’d only been out together two times, but they already had some sort of regular pub. So John confirmed and turned off all the lights in the flat before leaving. He felt relief overwhelming him as he stepped on the street although there was absolutely no reason for it. He had lived there for almost two years now and he had always felt comfortable in Mary’s flat. What had suddenly come over him?
He sighed and ordered more beer. John was grateful for that, right now forgetting seemed the best solution to this mess.
And I want to see Sherlock happy, solve cases with him, be his friend, but… It seems I can only do all of that if I’m his boyfriend, and that’s just not fair, is it? How am I supposed to love him when I’m in love with Mary?”, the doctor complained as soon as he had had a sip of his new beer.
Greg had implied that he could be in love with someone else than Mary, and John hadn’t even felt hurt about it. That really confused him.
Sherlock seeks out Mark to talk about Sophie.
And just like that, John was dragged back to the surface of the deep ocean he had been drowning in. Mary just suggested the very thing he had wished for since leaving Sherlock, and even if this wasn’t Baker Street it surprised him that she knew exactly what he needed.. - John shook his head.
He didn’t want to go back to Baker Street, this wonderful flat that he had shared with John for so long. Wonderful John... The empty flat now screamed you're alone! He left you! You were wrong!
“These are not the hormones, John, and you know that. But I don’t want to discuss that now. Please, just leave. I won’t go anywhere, I can promise that.”
, when this was
Surely it couldn't go back to how it was before, but their time together had been so special, how could they give up everything they had had now?
Yes, I have to admit, it's been a while. In my defense, I'm in the middle of moving. Big move, new job, quite far away, and in the meantime here still my work and stuff. I'm sorry about that. I'll try to post another chapter before I move since I don't know how it will be internet-wise as soon as I move, but I really don't want to make any promises. But I will not abandon this fic, promises. I got the plot outlined almost until the end, and I'm very determined to finish this, so there we go. :)
“Sherlock… How often did you already tell me this? Or at least the imagination-me?”
I am so sorry. I went without internet for I don't even know how long, and on top of that, there's so much going on in my life atm...
John looked to his side - and actually flinched when he saw Mary sitting there. Of course, Sherlock was in hospital, he was here with his wife and she didn’t know their game, would never insult a character on a TV show, and anyway, it wouldn’t be the same.
The detective answered immediately and drew John in with his warm lips, occasionally caressing him with his tongue.
My whole story plays after His Last Vow, but Sherlock did not get sent away. I don't know how I explained that in my head when I started writing the story but.. I'll think of something and then rewrite the first chapters to include the explanation and hopefully a clearer indication as to when it plays. Sorry for that!
They danced on and on, one song after another; every piece more beautiful and soft than the one before. Finally, the recording stopped and the two men stepped apart.
(The original is nowhere to be found on the internet... Or I'm just shite at searching, also possible :x Anyway, here's a live version that's kinda good, it's only the first song and I tried to tell the link to start right at the song, so you don't have to listen to what they talk before.)
Instead of answering to her questions, John asked: “Who’s Sophie?”
A horrible truth began to dawn in the army doctor as he listened to Sherlock’s words.
John had no idea if she meant Sherlock or Mary, but he was alright with neither of them, so it didn’t matter.
“So typical of you. She calls and you come running.”
He didn't want to do this. John just wanted to leave, not to hear, not to see his friend like this, but he knew he couldn't just go. If he left Sherlock again, he would never forgive himself, not after what he had seen just now.
John has a discussion with Mary that doesn't leave them optimistic.
“You’re welcome, mate. Good luck with your women and see you soon.”
He had the decency to blush here, but Greg only nodded.
“Be there in ten.” That meant John had to hurry, but to his luck he instantly found a cab and arrived at the pub just in time.
John leaned forward in anticipation - it couldn’t be long now - he always loved this part - but Sherlock remained silent.
And then he realised he had been thinking about Baker Street when he thought
“John, good to see you in one piece. The way you talked about your wife yesterday made me fear she’d eat you alive today.”
“They didn’t tell you? Oh, John. I am so sorry. Please, follow me.”
John nodded hesitantly, then gathered a tissue from his pocket to wipe his face.
Sherlock was looking at a mess he could barely remember making when his door opened.
“Honey, are you okay? You look upset.”
“No, Sherlock. No. Just… no.”
(Sorry, couldn't find it on Youtube, at least not available in my Country. You have to take this one x) Also, yes, I changed "her" to "him". I think that's close enough?)
These words. The same words. His voice.
Mary brought him tea and sat next to him on the couch. John sighed.
“Fine”, John sighed and reluctantly he pulled a chair to her bed and sat next to her.
So I suggest you stay away from Sherlock and let me try to prevent the worst. Seeing how fast this escalated I am not sure if I will be in time, but I will try everything in my power - as I always do."
Alright! It's four days later than planned, but I hope you still like it. This is probably the last chapter for this year since I'm at my mum's place and just borrowed her pc to type this, not sure if I manage that again. But I have awesome plans for next year so look forward to that!
The thought scared him and he shook his head to get rid of these thoughts and took a large gulp of beer.
(See the end of the chapter for
“She lost the baby and thinks I’m in love with you. There’s something weird about it, though. I can’t get rid of the feeling she planned it, or there’s more to it or anything.”
John shook his head. It didn’t matter. He was here now and he had to get on with his life.
This piece still hasn't been beta'ed by anyone so I hope it's not just full of nonsense. Which it is anyway. I'm talking to much. Sorry! :)
A wave of guilt swept over him and made him want to sit down and cry.
“No”, the inspector confirmed. “Had him on a crime scene two days ago, he couldn’t even tell me anything else than the obvious about the victim. And I thought you were on vacation…”
“Alright then,” he said slowly and changed the music track to something slower. John automatically moved towards his friend, stood in position and offered his hands.
“John. We should end this. I apologise if I inconvenienced you. I am sure we will be able to find a solution to this minor problem, don’t you think?”
Darling? Who called
Darling, you promised to text me yesterday
“Kind of… Look, can you keep something for yourself without thinking bad of me, or Sherlock, or.. anyone?”
"Are you working alone today? Is John on vacation?", the DI asked and Sherlock flinched at the mention of his name. He forced himself to shake his head, then tried to focus on the hints they had. It had been a murder, and a rather interesting one, but he just couldn't concentrate. All he could think of was how wounded John had sounded when he had finally spoken. Sherlock didn't understand why, how could it be bad to be loved? Sherlock hadn't expected that there was an immediate change in their relationship, but John had looked like he had been insulted.
"God, Sherlock, you can't do this. Not to yourself, not to anyone out there. Please, think, just a little bit. How do we feel seeing you like this, how would we feel if something happened to you?"
“I am still alive, John, no need to check on me every ten minutes.”
John sighed. He should have known something like this would happen, but somehow he couldn’t really be angry with his friend.
“What will you do now?”, Greg asked curiously but John only shrugged. If he knew that he probably wouldn’t be here, drinking.
“I’ll be back tomorrow, honey. Sleep well”, her husband said with a small smile, then left the room.
Finally, Sherlock broke down, gasping for air to breath. He had actually lost track of where he had been running, so he turned around and tried to recognise the buildings.
Trying to brace himself, John went through his options if he found Sherlock. He would try to talk to him, see what had done this….
When they got out of the cab, a pleasant smell crept into John’s nose. And even before he opened the door to the flat, he asked Sherlock: “Did you bake cookies?”
"John?", offered the DI who was uneasily shifting his weight from one foot to the other.
Or had it been Sherlock?
"But that doesn't mean it doesn't hurt to see you like this. You shouldn't do this to yourself, you can't destroy this body, this
Something you should know that I probably didn't add before:
He cursed silently, then he called a cab. While it was driving to 221b, he tried not to think what he would find there. How would Sherlock react to seeing him again? How would John himself feel?
“I… had trouble with Sherlock, some nights ago. Went to check on him to make sure he’s okay. He’d been smoking… something, and I’m worried about him, but this doesn’t justify leaving you alone, I know. I am so sorry, and I hope you can forgive me.”
, a small voice in the back of his head said and John flinched. Wasn’t there anything he could do to prevent this?
There was nothing in those cookies.”
“What did you do to them?” John asked, trying his best to stay calm but anger started to bubble up. Why couldn’t they have one normal, nice evening?
I really suck at cases, btw, so sorry for this lame thing. If you have any better ideas, please let me know. :)
“Just… a bit of a rough day, you know?”
It's just a short chapter, I'm sorry, I didn't really have time this week. Also, I got a Harry Potter colouring book and ehhh yeah. Sorry! x) I promise to get you more content next week! Got already some nice stuff planned c:
Sherlock wasn’t sure if he wanted to be alone or not, so he sank in his soft armchair and tried to observe the situation.
The beep of his phone brought him out of his thoughts, and even though he had no intentions of answering any texts now, he still took a look at the time. It was past eleven and he really should go home.
John saw reason behind her words and nodded slowly. Without anything else, he turned around and made for the door. Just as he was about to leave the room, he stopped and said: “I’m sorry, Mary. I tried my best.”
Let me know what you're thinking anyway :)
“John…”, Sherlock started, but his voice died and the doctor didn’t want to hear it anyway. Luckily, his phone rang and he shot an apologetic glance to Sherlock before answering.
For some minutes neither of them spoke until Greg couldn’t wait any longer.
Mycroft has a talk with Mary.
But Mary wasn’t scared. She was annoyed and also at the end of her patience,  and she could be as stubborn as John, if not even more.
A horrid look appeared on John’s face until Sherlock said: “John, you always think such horrible things. Why would I want to poison you? I need my blogger!”
"Sherlock. I don't care if you think I'm not real. I'm here and I want you to come out with me. I mean. Come out of this room, not.. you know."
Mycroft tries and fails to reason with his brother.
“What now?” John asked and Sherlock retreated to the kitchen. Only a moment later he gestured John to sit in his usual armchair, a plate of cookies in hies hand.
Yeah, I'm shit at summaries, just read the chapter xD It's been a bit hard to write from Mycroft's point of view, but then again, I guess I didn't really get the other characters right. Let's just say it's an AU where the characters are like this xD Hope you still enjoy it :)
Instead, there was a big hole in his chest.
John grinned, a bit relieved that Sherlock wasn't able to see it. Quickly, he left the room and took a deep breath as soon as he stepped out of the house.
Calming, she said: “No, John, I’m not saying anything like this. But it’s late, and you haven’t really slept these last days and I’m weary and tired from the meds they gave me, so… Let’s talk about all this tomorrow, when we both had some rest and can think more clearly.”
“I already thought I’d lost you once, and I can’t go through that again, not ever! Please don’t make me lose you!”
Normally, he was there at least once a day, checking in on Sherlock, asking if he was fine and if there was a new case. But it had been four days now and there was nothing.
John snorted. Definitely straight, he’d heard that one before.
“I really hope I could help you with your case, but it’s late and I should go now…”
Didn’t matter.
“Thank you a lot for your help, John. I will let you know the details tomorrow the latest so you can blog about it,” he said and John felt like a huge distance had just been brought between them. Feeling a little insecure, he made to hug Sherlock, who at first didn’t respond to it at all, but then he returned the embrace with enormous strength.
"And that's what I am, Sherlock," John said somberly, making sure Sherlock was looking him in the eyes. "I don't want there to be any misunderstanding between us. Starting today, I would like us to be
his grinned widened, and he tilted his chin down as he laughed, revealing multiple chins. After a moment, John grinned back. They stayed that way for a long, heady moment until Sherlock's grin faded, face growing solemn. He sat up, pulling his shoulders back and John braced himself for the incoming rejection.
you." Sherlock shuddered with the power of his own emotions, terrified at the way he was spilling so much ugly
"Brilliant!" Louisa shouted.
I knew she would be angry if she thought I was manipulating John, but I couldn't lie to her about what I intended to do. If I brought him here, she would see him with me and ask questions that might derail my plan. Even if I could only gain her complicity for a short while, it was better than nothing. I
"I said
Sherlock's eyes dropped to the ground, and then, after a moment, he gave a small nod. Then he looked at John again, held his hand out between them, and softly asked, "Will you—I know this may sound silly, but would you be okay with maybe holding my hand? I just need—I know that when it's too much, if I could have your hand to squeeze—have solid proof that you're actually
The third day at Darrow's place finds one of Darrow's men hollering for me to come help with an ewe who's about to drop a lamb in the middle of the shed. We don't have time to pull her out and take her to one of the paddocks. She ends up giving birth in my lap.
"I could use a good orgasm," John muttered to himself as he walked into the flat. He stretched his neck to see around the door, to the right and then—
"Tell him," she said, staring into my eyes with her own burning ones. "You deserve to be happy,
spelled I LuV YOU!!!!! He said that Dad would
"You sure you're feeling all right?" John asked.
heard of you, now that I think about it. Even all the way up here in the middle of nowhere." That's a lie, but it makes him flush with pride so I can't feel guilty for it. I move to the tiny bar tucked next to us in an alcove and gesture to the wine rack. "D'you have a preference?" I ask, stepping behind the counter.
, but really, I meant
"Knock, knock!" comes Sherrinford's voice from the doorway, purposefully over loud. "I'm not looking in case you're indecent, but Mum says, and I quote,
"Will there
about what was to occur once they reached their destination. Which was why he stopped abruptly in the kitchen and offered John something to drink, even though he was fairly sure the only thing he had to drink was tea, and no milk for it.
Almost a year after I rescued my damsel in distress, I pack the Wagon with all my earthly possessions and stay one night in the Inveraray Inn. The next morning, I begin the eight-hour journey by car to London.
John had said, awkwardly walking the fine line between encouraging friendship and discouraging hope for rekindling their romance. Sherlock had nodded, looking down at the piece of paper John had scratched out the information on. John's eyes tracked Sherlock's and he stared at it, too, then realized he'd torn it from the funeral leaflet.
"I'm so sorry," Sherrinford says when her sisters are gone. "They have no shame." She hooks her arm inside his elbow and says, "I thought you might share a cup of tea with me. Dad wants you to see his trees, but they won't be back for at least two hours. It's quite a drive to the church and there's always social obligations afterwards. That's why I go early—I can get away much quicker."
"Okay," Sherlock said, and let out a jaw-cracking yawn, realizing how exhausted he was.
"Oh?" John asked, voice already drifting lower.
(Somehow John knew that Sherlock was not so easily fooled.)
"I don't care," John said, his voice already losing steam. He reached up and clicked off the lamp.
"Nadia!" John said louder than he needed to, embarrassed to have fallen asleep. "So sorry. Who's next?"
would be received by his family. If that's the case, does that mean that Sherlock worries that
I stilled briefly. Had I given myself away with that thoughtlessly used bit of jargon? No, certainly not. I relaxed, and made for the sitting room where I pocketed my phone, wallet, and keys. "A Dom. As in someone who dominates. As in bondage, dominance, submission, and sadomasochism. As in B-D-S-M." I drew each letter out like I was spelling something for a small child.
"But,
John took the hint, gently urged the kid's—
want."
. I gave it to him. That's all," John said, nose flaring.
"Tea, John," Sherlock mutters and stomps, sexily bed-rumpled, to the sitting room to await John's service.
"Wait until your Mum gets here with the chocolate."
"Excellent! Don't wait up." I plucked my coat off the hook, threw it around my shoulders and was off.
, but not something that couldn't be managed were it to come out. But when there was
to get Sherlock to make the first move, but he said there was no point. Despite appearances to the contrary, he was adamant that you were straight because
What if John had no need to justify obedience to me as beneficial to my work, because he found pleasure in the simple act of obedience? What if John's unswerving loyalty and willingness to do everything I asked of him came from a deeper need, one which only I (hopefully) could satisfy?
Look in your heart. Tell me what you see."
"Our sister," Sherlock mumbles.
"Anyway, he got a First in Chemistry and we thought that was the end of his troubles. Then he moved to London."
"Has anyone touched you here?"
with desire for you, but I didn't tell you I was married because I didn't think it mattered at that point."
BUT IT GETS BETTER!!!
"I can't! I just—Sherlock doesn't want me!" he says miserably. "He's married to his—hang on. Did you say that we
, but Eurus and Evelyn wrote the program
—they were getting started on
I raise my chin, and offer up the truth. "I regret that my—my overtures were unwelcome, but you'd said you would want—" I try to swallow, try to clear the thick and miserable lump that's settled there, and when I can finally work up enough saliva to continue, I say, "You said you'd want more than I would be willing to give, and I was—
"I'm serious," she snapped.
Thirty minutes later, Sherlock found himself slunk down in his chair, a glass of scotch in his hand, staring moodily at the fire in the hearth. He felt like he was on the edge of a roof, looking down at John's sad and angry face. Sherlock was certain he could spend the rest of his life atoning for his sins, but it would never be enough.
"Best. Nurse.
and was gone. Forty-five minutes later, John had realized he'd not come back and texted Sherlock a reminder that John was still down there. After fifteen minutes without an answer, John packed up everything he'd laid out, put it to the side, and let the clerk on shift know he was done. Then he'd taken the elevator from the basement up to the homicide department. Greg's office was dark, the door shut. He didn't see anyone he knew in the bullpen and nobody he encountered knew him either.
until I met you. The night you and I met—you have to understand, John—I was overcome, absolutely
"Hey! You! Can I have a hand with these boxes Mr. Stay Forever?"
Both my children have a birthday this week, so Chapter 6 won't be posted until Thursday, August 9th.
me, but the power exchange doesn't work out, for any number of reasons, but I won't go into them or we'll end up with a tree of possibilities I'll need a whiteboard to keep track of—"
Pop—maybe
," Sherlock clarifies, and his hand guides John none too gently to his side at the table. "Puzzle, John," Sherlock says sharply and John laughs and, ever compliant, turns his focus on the puzzle.
He sneaks out to the sitting room and the hidden console kitchenette to make a cup of tea, and then runs back to his room and locks his door again.
I patted the bed where I wanted him. He climbed up on the bed and knelt where I'd told him. I positioned him in the middle of the bed, but as close to the edge as I could get him without worrying about him falling off if he were to begin squirming about in an unconscious effort to avoid the blows.
"Sorry," John murmured and moved to drop Sherlock's hand, but Sherlock held on, and said, "No, please—don't be. It's—it surprised me, but I like it. It's nice—not nice," he said rolling his eyes at himself, then looking to the right, trying to search for the word that described how it made him feel. "It's
anyone but watching
This time Audrey actually slumped while rolling her eyes, managing to convey both exasperation and exhaustion. "He doesn't want to
John's skin prickles with dread. "He said that? That he shouldn't have brought me here?"
Sherlock looked surprised, which made John wonder just how unfair he'd been when he left that day for Sherlock to be
Sherrinford obligingly hands out a long, flat package and it gets passed to Sherlock who then puts it in John's lap.
"I would take you along, but I don't think we would make it past the bouncers without a Met officer in tow, so, alas, I shall have to go in the guise of a native. I'm going to be a Dom for an evening. What do you think?" I casually tossed my hair and spread my arms, then turned around slowly.
, keeping his secret was harmless. Well—not
Sherlock sucked a breath in through his nose. "Two weeks ago, I think I needed to know if—I needed to know what I was feeling. For him, that is. It was a crude experiment to measure my feelings for him versus my feelings for you. I know it was grossly unfair to the both of you."
“You’ve figured something out.” He whispered into those dark curls, nuzzling his mouth towards Sherlock's ear, blushing some but ignoring the others for the moment.
“We have a plan Sherlock, it’ll be okay.” John whispered, hugging Sherlock close.
A note about Sherlock's mind palace - I originally intended him to develop this a bit later on, but it seemed better that he was already constructing it. It is how he plans to remember every detail from every year of his immortal life. So he began constructing it shortly after being turned.
"Yes a history, as in it is passed. Beyond our life now." He didn't want to talk about it but neither brother was willing to let it go. Mycroft swept over to John, boxing him in using the chair to gain leverage over him.
"Brother," He said softly, almost moving to plea but Mycroft stopped him.
"Stop thinking Sherlock. This isn't the time for thinking. You said you were going to claim me, so fucking do it!" He grunted as Sherlock slicked cold lube over the entire length of his ass, slipping his fingers down to trace the length of him as he explored John's body. John grunted again as fingers worked and teased the tense but sensitive muscle, slowly pushing their way in and caressing every inch of him they could reach. John started to say something but it became wordless muttering as Sherlock expertly teased him.
"Than me?" Now he was intrigued.
“Thank you for bringing him. I do not know what urged you to follow us but I shall be forever grateful you did.” Mycroft said as politely as he could.
"Sound has feeling." John replied as an observation, rolling onto his back and looking at the two of them. "Colors are deeper, smells thick, and scents taste."
"Sherlock, you're acting a lot like you did when we were leaving the hospital before. I'm not going anywhere. We've worked this all out,
"Always there? Yes." He said it in a quick voice, clearly in his mind.
"Stop it you might have a concussion." Sherlock flipped out his phone and dialed Georgina demanding medical assistance.
The ship lilted and bucked as the ocean seemed intent on keeping the Holmes clan from reaching the shores of their homeland without the lovers united. For days on end George, Anthea, and Mycroft had kept a constant vigil at the weakened mender's side. John had scarcely been awake for longer than a moment since they'd left port, lost in some internal darkness and pain. Mycroft had done his best to nurse John to some semblance of health over the course of their journey, however without the mender awake it was difficult to ensure he was progressing positively. John had been plagued by nightmares and terrors in the darkness of his mind and broken heart, the sound of Sherlock shouting in pain ringing constantly in his ears. He gasped and came awake violently as the nightmare again tore at him, his head swimming and his gaze unfocused as he tried to push himself up. His entire body felt heavy and weak, utterly debilitated by what had happened. His mind slowly came back into the world only to find his Sire leaning over him with a pained expression. John tried to speak, his mouth dry and thick with emotion, however Mycroft hushed him.
ony," Charysa says and then giggles, moving to his side and wrapping an arm around his waist.
"I think," Mycroft said slowly, carefully, "It would mean a lot to Sherlock
Sherlock gives him a sardonic look and opens his mouth to speak, but then shakes his head and mutters, "Too easy." Then he's dropping his bag next to the door and asking for tea.
This is unbeta'd because I just finished it and I wanted to post it immediately and wash my hands of it. ;)
Sherlock snorted. "Something like that."
Sending good sheep off to slaughter was the second hardest letting go I've done so far. The hardest, though, is letting go of the land—not the land I own—but the highlands themselves. I may have grown up in London, but I spent school vacations here when my grandfather was still alive. He died when I was fourteen and my father's mismanagement of the finances meant we had to sell and then it was no longer our land to visit. Coming back four years ago, I found my love for the desolate moors to be as strong as ever.
"C'mon," John said, pulling Andrew away from the wall where he was leaning. "I'll pay for a cab and drop you off. Where to?"
"You're a handsome boy, aren't you, Toby?" John said while scratching and petting Toby, finding all the places he loved best to be petted. "I hear you rescued that poor little girl! I bet you were gentle with her, a little thing like that, weren't you? Such a sweet boy and such a good boy, too. I'm so proud of you for sitting instead of jumping. You're a very smart boy, aren't you? And such a handsome one, too!"
"—you know what to say."
"Can I help you?" she asks.
"John, please," Sherlock begs. "Let's just go back inside and, and we'll talk. I'm sure I can explain whatever you're angry about."
Therefore, it was an unhappy surprise to discover, as he led John from the sitting room to his bedroom, that he felt uncertain, perhaps even
"I need
Sherrinford slouches back in her seat. "God, he's still saying that bullshit? And I'm sure you've heard him claim he's a sociopath?" When John nods, she curses and shakes her head, looking off to the side, out the window that looks out onto the front drive. She sighs deeply, then turns back to John. "He never had any friends except this one boy," she says reluctantly. "It's not really my story to tell, you know, but—" She sits up straight in her chair and brings her cup to her lips, but doesn't drink. Absently, she sets her cup back down. "When Sherlock started secondary school, he met this boy, Victor. Sherlock was a day student, but Victor boarded, so he came over to our house all the time. I think his parents were overseas—I don't know all the details, and Sherlock has confided only a little to me. The rest I've inferred, you understand. Anyhow. They were inseparable. I think there was—well, I suspect there was…" She stops talking and runs her hands through her auburn hair, agitated. "Oh, damn, I feel like I'm betraying his trust even saying this much, but to put it bluntly—I think they experimented with sex. With each other, I mean, but for Sherlock—and this is just my conjecture, mind—for Sherlock, I think it was more than experimentation. I think he was in love with Victor. Or, as in love as one can be when one is that young.
When they get upstairs, Sherlock suddenly takes off, pushing past John into the suite. When John walks in, Sherlock has disappeared. Then the sound of Sherlock ransacking John's room reaches him. He hurries that way and then stops in the doorway to find Sherlock throwing things into John's duffle bag.
"Do we?" Sherlock whispered.
trying to guide him—out of the—fucking—
unbidden
That’s how he’d ended up with Toby, a part German Shepherd, part Labrador Retriever mutt with a nose of such exquisite usefulness that Sherlock found himself paying £3,000 for it.
"I mean forever," Sherlock said, sitting up, his voice urgent and emotional. He was on the verge of crying, he realized. That was unacceptable! John must say yes. Sherlock needed him to say yes. "Stay forever."
going, and you can't stop me."
Their kisses gentled, and these kisses were full of promises.
"Yes, Sherlock, honesty
then you'll hold it against me when I'm angry, but I can't say you
This time, I purposefully strangle ugly sounds out of my violin before letting it and my bow drop to my side. I stare at John's reflection in the window. He's been listening to me play, not even pretending to read, just sipping his tea and smiling fondly in my direction, but now his brows draw together in confusion as I seethe at the window, gripping the neck of my violin far too tightly.
I'm burning up, face and body. I open the wine fridge and bend to press my face into it. I feel him move and I jerk upright. One of his hands lands on my hip and the other appears in front of me clutching a bottle of Cabernet Sauvignon. I feel his body heat behind me, but we're not touching. If I were brave, I would lean back against him.
the crop?"
After that, Sherlock spent a solid nine days in a fit of either anger or petulance. As a result,  John began spending more time at his own flat, and Sherlock felt guilty. He wanted to be contrite, and check his behavior, but he only got angrier.
Sherlock's eyes immediately narrowed in calculation, then he opened them wide in faux innocence. "I don't know. I think it will take much more than a kiss."
"Remind me to get your autograph after class," Dr. Watson said with a wink. "Now that we all know each other, let’s move on to why we’re here. The reason I asked you to leave your dogs at home is because this course isn't just about teaching your dog to obey commands. A successful dog/human team, whether he's your pet or your coworker, requires the two of you to develop a relationship, and that relationship will be based on an intuitive understanding of each other just as much, if not more than, learning commands that one of you gives and the other obeys.
"Is he still in Scarborough?"
, says an ugly voice in his head,
"Oh, well, that's easily arranged. Let's retire to
Sherlock was glad he'd cleaned his room.
hadn't. I didn't know about Geoff, but I suspected he hadn't. Sitting in the quiet corner of an empty room at the club, I watched Geoff cry softly and began to doubt everything. How could I hope to navigate something as tricky as a D/s relationship with
Will comes to an abrupt stop, looking at John with open-mouthed surprise. When John, too, stops, and turns to him, Will clears his throat and stammers, "I, I thought—but the way he talks about you! And the girls said—well, I'm damned sorry, John."
inside him, a loving but also disapproving personality. Now that his mother was gone, that presence was also gone. It was unbearably painful, and Sherlock was not bearing it well
He let himself in through the front door and almost dropped his keys on the table in the foyer, but stopped himself, slipping them into his pocket instead. The house was quiet and even though Audrey had said Louisa would be staying with his mother-in-law, he'd still expected the shriek of
John smiles wistfully, letting himself imagine how their life might be if he and Sherlock were together like
! I couldn't let you hide away in the basement. Your mother made me promise to force you to be sociable every so often." She turned to face him, growing serious. "This life never suited you. I admit, I was surprised to find that it suited me, eventually. I felt like I grew up and you never did."
John cocks an eyebrow and smirks. "All of them."
"Not really," John said, beginning to look impatient.
Despite complaints and rows over the topic of my
After a minute of silence during which Sherlock watched John and John stared at copies of
Andrew looked over his shoulder at John's smirk, and shook his head, laughing breathlessly. "Knock yourself out," he said.
John rallies and composes himself. "No, wait, I already answered your question. It's my turn to ask something."
"That's his place—at Sophia's feet."
Regarding character and place names:
"Yes,
Mrs. Hudson and a woman who could only be her sister, as they looked almost like twins (although John knew Mrs. Hudson was the younger sister by four years).
"Oh, don't do that needy thing. You know I am. I'm moving my shit into your flat, aren't I?"
This chapter introduces Sherlock and Mycroft's three sisters--Sherrinford, Eurus, and Charysa. However, and I cannot stress this enough,
About a week ago I was snooping in Flat C. That is where Dad keeps all his experimenting stuff. John told him he would not allow Dad to keep all his body parts and chemicals in the kitchen if I was going to come over, so they bought a new refrigerator and Dad took all of his stuff downstairs. I was looking through Dad's refrigerator to see the body parts and in the freezer was a brown bag. I opened the brown bag and there was a fancy box in it tied with a gold bow. I undid the bow and looked inside the box and it was a ring!
"Oh, uh—actually, I don't know. Probably looking for you, worried we're scaring you off him."
, John added,
Out of the corner of his eye, John saw Sherlock nod his head twice at her,
"That was what they call a
"Says who?" John asked, just to be contrary—they both knew he was staying.
Father—thats what you call a priest and John is definitly not a priest because priests dont have sex, lol!
Audrey had never been a flashy dresser, and was content to dress down outside of work or social engagements. Her mother had chastised her in the past for dressing
"Ah, ah, ah," he gasps against Sherlock, unsure whether he's still laughing or maybe crying or both at the same time.
"Fine, but this is no longer your bedroom."
he wrote,
"No, he doesn't—I didn't really get a chance to talk to him about any of the—
Sherlock dried off, then wiped the steam from the mirror. He brushed and flossed, lifted his arms and rolled on antiperspirant. Before his hair could dry on the ends, he took down the anti-frizz serum he used, squeezed a dollop in the middle of his palm, rubbed his hands together briskly, then finger combed it through his hair. He washed his hands, got out his shaving gel and fitted a new blade on his razor. He worked up a good lather and spread it on his face. When he picked up his razor he realized his hands were shaking. He stared at them in confusion. Why were they shaking? Oh, right. He wasn't thinking about that. Instead, Sherlock very carefully and slowly, allowing for the tremor in his hands, shaved his face. He patted on a bit of what John called his
Sherlock must've gone out, John thought.
. When I have you restrained and laid out in a minute, I'll start with quick snaps—" I flicked my wrist and the flapper thwacked his shoulder, "—like that."
But he'd only had one month with Sherlock, and it had been
On the first day of Christmas, my beta gave to me...a comma splice fix on page 3. On the second day of Christmas, my beta gave to me...two Brit-picks and a comma splice fix on page 3...
"So," John said when he could speak again.
"I asked around," Sherrinford says. "Those two are from Lestrade." She points to the two from crime scenes. "These are from Mrs. Hudson." Those two photos are of John and Sherlock in the flat. "And this one I got from Sherlock."
Sherlock frowned and waited for one long, eternal moment until John yelled, "Get the
or when first we heard them
"Seems so. Destined to be bachelors, too, apparently," John said wryly.
, I guess is the word I'd use. It worried me just as much as her threatening to kick me frightened me. It was uncharacteristic, and I could only conclude that it was my fault she was acting strange, so I began to cry again, and apologizing over and over. I told her it wasn't her fault, that it was mine, and that I'd lied, I could read that book, but I'd just wanted to sit in her lap."
"Don't you
John's phone rang, startling him out of sleep. He fumbled it off the nightstand, saw that it was an unknown number and declined the call. After he'd moved out of 221 Baker Street two and a half weeks ago, he had changed his phone number and email address, as well as deleted his blog. He'd always known in the back of his head that if Sherlock did something to make John leave, John would do it properly. Sherlock was too good at offering temptation, and he tempted John more than most.
Sherlock makes a dismissive noise in the back of his throat. "Whatever."
From that Friday morning to Tuesday afternoon, Sherlock found himself alternating between numb apathy and manic anxiety. When it was the first, he would start something—a book, a television show—and drift away after fifteen minutes, nothing holding his interest. He ended up sleeping a lot. He didn't get dressed or leave the flat. He had no appetite and only ate in anticipation of John's return, knowing that would be the first thing John would ask about.
"I'm Mrs. Hudson. I own the building. I live in the ground floor flat," she says, pointing to the door marked 221A. "Sherlock lives upstairs."
"Yes, actually. Mostly because I'm still young enough to find love again, but I'm not getting any younger, and clinging to you is just a waste of time, to be honest."
John, who had come here—perhaps to save him, perhaps to push him lower, or maybe just because he left his favorite pair of socks behind—reached out, and steadied him. Sherlock swore he could feel the potent power of John's hands already beginning to infuse him with that healing glow that only John could give.
"It's hot in here," I lied.
Sherlock frowns and yanks his phone out of his pocket, giving them his back and bending over it. He taps out a text and then waits, glaring at his phone. Not five seconds go by before he does it again.
"I'm not going," he says, and raises an eyebrow as though challenging me to say differently.
, but a duty he'd taken upon himself to protect
"But they were French," John said, spooning up the last of the dessert and putting it in his mouth.
gesture.
The reason it shocked me is because the second picture is my dog Pippin, who had to be put to sleep last October after almost thirteen years of life with me.
"Really."
," Sherlock says, his hand pushing Eurus's head out of the way so he can look at John. "For dictating case notes."
Father, Daddy, Old Man, Pa, Pater, Sire, Pop, Papa
"This is just a warm-up, John—it shouldn't hurt."
John was still fully dressed and Sherlock was only
"What's it called again?"
She walks immediately to the kitchen and, muttering under her breath, begins straightening up the mess all over the kitchen table. There's chemistry equipment, stacks of newspapers, pens, half full mugs of cold tea, dirty plates in the sink—general disarray and untidiness. The complete opposite of how I kept my own house.
He huffed in annoyance. "It was ages ago. In med school, after I learned about the prostate."
John hesitated, wetting his lips. "I don't know."
Sherlock appeared from nowhere, put his hands on John's shoulders and pushed him into the door.
I've spent the last nearly nine months in the process of selling my farm and it has been an exhausting ordeal and I've put myself through it without any guarantee that Sherlock Holmes will want anything to do with me. Perhaps I'm no more than a pleasant memory for him and my arriving at his front door to declare my love will end in discomfort for him and humiliation for me.
Immediately after supper, John turns down the invitation to retire with the family to the sitting room, claiming a headache, which isn't actually a lie. Sherlock, the stubborn git that he is, trails John up the stairs and into their suite, pestering John to tell him why he's been so short-tempered all day. John snaps at him to back off, and Sherlock does, looking both hurt and suspicious. John can tell Sherlock is dropping the issue
So that is the story of why John and Dad
"Too bad," John says, making his voice as firm as he can in the face of Sherlock's lecherous eyes as he says
He often watched me, but this time his eyes seemed to beg me to look at him. Was it curiosity about the conclusions I'd drawn at the crime scene or worry for my well-being?
hours on that project with Eurus."
before I could get to the magenta stage.
. John locks his bedroom door and doesn't come out again until the next morning.
"Of course it mattered!" John yelled, leaning forward with the force of his sudden rage. "There is no
"Yeah," John says absently, his mind busy with new discoveries and a potential way to resolve this whole mess. "Wait, no—give me about ten minutes."
, despite what his brother Mycroft said about him. He didn’t mean to hurt people, to make them feel unwanted or unloved. He just—well, his focus tended to be a bit obsessive and made people feel so special that when he began to come out of the fog of mutual obsession, they didn’t like it. Understandable, really. He was a fantastic shag and looked it, too, but he worked hard to keep from showing his feelings or thoughts because of the work he did and also, in general, because he hated being vulnerable. He was self-aware enough to realize that. He’d been the cause of every broken relationship in his life, including friendships when he was in school, all because of the intensity with which he focused on things other people couldn’t see, and couldn’t ignore the truths those things spelled out to him. It was exciting to his lovers, at first, to find themselves worshipped so ardently by Sherlock’s ravenous desire for information. When that cooled, and Sherlock found other things to focus on, they seemed to believe that Sherlock should have warned them about it, even though he did. Or tried to warn them.
His body went rigid as he reached up and closed her eyes, ignoring how the servants all crossed themselves. All but Alexandra scurried from the room, leaving the three of them and the body alone. John’s silence stretched thin but Sherlock knew he needed more information so he could prove that James had done this.
“How is it that your brother allowed him to poison your mind so? How can you not remember that you are my mate?” James looked pained and he looked down. Sherlock furrowed his brow in confusion. Memories swam in his mind, some that he was certain were real and others that seemed real though his heart ached at them.
“The killer knew the victim,” John cut over Sherlock before could speak. “Judging by this shoe print it was a male, tall. Older, he limps slightly to one side…” Sherlock couldn’t hide his smirk. "Likely an old injury coupled with arthritis or degenerative bone disease." John trailed off and Sherlock picked up, smirking as he did.
"This is home, John. You, me, Mrs. Hudson, the work... This flat." He pleaded, his voice shaking.
"Oh don't nag!" Greg shouted after them.
"You're
"I am only yours." John whispered his reply.
"No! No!" He whimpered, thrashing a bit under him. He grunted and whimpered again.
"But you weren't. That's the point of having friends." John grabbed his hand with his left one. "Sherlock, it's going to be okay. We'll figure this out." Sherlock looked at him, both of them tensing from the emotion passing between them. "I'm okay. You're alive..."
“Every fifty years or so we change manor houses, it helps keep the suspicions down of the general populace. The monarchies know of our existence and rely on us for many things however if everyone knew of our kind it could be detrimental to our existence. We have been here for almost fifty years now, so it would be proper for us to change.”
"I trust you with my life." His reply was almost whispered.
"Likely Mycroft told them to clear off." Sherlock replied quietly, something dark in his voice. "Some type of governmental threat."
"Sherlock..." John didn't know what he wanted to say. He wanted to find the right words to tell Sherlock that he was sorry for his father, that he was sorry about Harry, that it was all his fault, and that Sherlock should take Hamish and run as fast as they could. Sherlock simply pulled him into a hug, holding him tightly against himself.
"Please." Sherlock asked again quietly, his voice barely a whisper. He couldn't say it any other way. He couldn't say he loved John. Not yet. Maybe in time, but now he couldn't speak those words. John could read them however, in every line of Sherlock's face, in the way he begged John to come home, and in the soft caress of those two fingers against his cheek.
"You are leader of this clan, you are the elder brother, you are my tutor - whatever your rules are I accept." He replied as firmly as he could. Sherlock's nerves were gnawing away at him, though his own resolve was strong. Mycroft smiled and turned to move back towards his chair.
"Don't be stupid, you know what." As if on cue John reached up and scratched his neck.
“Erm,” Sherlock suddenly looked sheepish, John turned his attention back to him looking miffed. “I wanted to see the place where we witnessed the original murder..." He stood, wringing his hands.
"It's alright love," John promised. "I'm sorry they took you from me."
"Oh." He whispered softly in realization.
little mender." He purred as they entered his study, but he looked up to survey them closely.  Sherlock's face was dark and brooding. Mycroft knew it would be only a matter of time before he sank into one of his 'dark moods.' "You've come home early and directly to me upon your arrival which can only mean something of import has happened." He motioned for them to sit, which John did not do. Sherlock threw himself angrily down on the couch as John timidly handed him the letter. Mycroft looked up between the two of them as he saw the writing on the envelope.
“You want me to assist you with your work? Do you not think that will bother someone?” Sherlock raised his chin a bit, his long coat waving softly behind him.
Just as Mycroft had time to wonder if Gregory did actually intend to kiss him, a sharp twinge of pain echoed through his chest. He tore off his mask, confusion lining his face as he glanced down at his chest. He pulled his shirt to the side, immediately believing he must have been attacked by Gregory, only to find no injury. Gregory moved to speak but knowing slowly coalesced on Mycroft’s face. A dark look flitted past his eyes before he turned on his heel. Gregory had just enough time to hear Mycroft whisper the word Mender before the man took off. Gregory followed, right on his heels as he did – not stopping until he almost collided with Mycroft just outside the gate to the Holmes’ clan manor. There caked with dirt and blood lay a man on the side of the road. He had what looked like several knife wounds in his sides, slowly healing. His arm was also broken, hanging off his body at a very odd angle.
"Protecting me!? From what? You have never protected me and you have never been a father!" John shouted keeping Hamish protectively in his arms.
"Thank you." Sherlock paced faster. "So for the second issue. The web is tightening and it is going to break before long. We need to return to Baker Street."
"Thank you Greg." Sherlock said again and shut the door. He prepared a cup of tea for John just how he liked it and brought it to him.
"What are you…" Sherlock was cut off as Mycroft launched into his explanation. Mycroft could not believe how completely oblivious his brother was being.
"No, he would not. I asked him not to." He tensed, his mouth thinning into a grimace. "You see I discovered how you felt for my brother. How he felt for you. It was then I understood that you were not to be mine no matter how much I desired it. I need your word John Hamish Watson, that if something should happen you will come back to me." He whispered, his mouth barely apart from John's. "I will not see you fall to shadow. I want you in our family and I want to see you enjoy the ages of the world at our sides. I will always protect you, I will always guard you."
tries to take that from me
"We have to take care of you, my John." Sherlock purred in his ear, pushing him back towards the bed as Mycroft removed his clothing.
"I find in myself an urge to kiss you like this," He whispered gently reaching up to touch Sherlock's lips. "Is that common in your prey?"
The brother's exchanged dark, pained looks as the mender shivered and sobbed, letting him be until he finally started hiccupping and the coughing sobs began to subside. Mycroft gently ran his fingers through John's hair before cupping water and tipping it over the matted mess. He lathered up some of his soap and gently massaged his fingers through it, trying both to clean and soothe the weakened and violated man. Sherlock spoke softly, murmuring sweet words of comfort and keeping John pressed close to his own body as his brother worked, both of them allowing the tenderness to overcome their anger. John's eyes fluttered closed and he held tightly to Sherlock, as if somehow being pressed firmly against his mate's body would make the darkness stay away. Once his hair was clean Sherlock shifted him to Mycroft's arms, waiting until he was sufficiently settled and cuddled against his brother before he began to gently wash him, taking care to go slowly when he approached any area that was overly sensitive or abused. He stopped whenever John began to shake or cry, giving John all the time he needed to adjust to such loving touch over such rough areas. The tears came and went but neither brother shied away from them, instead choosing to do their best to keep the mender grounded as they gently removed all the outward signs of the trauma he'd experienced. Once they were finished cleaning him they took turns washing themselves while the other kept John nuzzled against their chest and murmured sweet words to him. The contact seemed to soothe the mender but both brother knew that could shift at any moment and did their best to be vigilant to any shift in his expression. Once their bathing was completed Sherlock got out first, taking John from Mycroft and helping him dry off before wrapping him in his elegant dressing gown. All the while maintaining contact with him to keep him focused and grounded. Sherlock ran his fingers through John's hair, still murmuring quietly while Mycroft dried off quickly so he could support John while Sherlock dried off. They both dressed in their own dressing gowns, so they all were completely clothed and they gently guided him back out to the large bed.
- Military hair cut, a bit longer than normal, same sort of build as John -
"Liar,” Sherlock teased and Greg smiled weakly.
I was feeling she was gone and you pulled even further away than you'd been before." The intensity of Sherlock's gaze as he admitted that he was so powerfully jealous forced him to finally look away. "She moved part of you that I had never seen you even access before. I understand that. I also understand that for
“Well now he is gone, and you are home safely.” The mender grinned, leaning up to capture the others mouth in a deep kiss.
“If you are…” John began angrily but Gregory cut him off.
"I cannot simply turn up at your manor to do so. That would betray to James that your mind is your own again and may set him on his guard. Is he still abroad?" John asked, his face furrowing with thought. Sherlock watched with interest as the gears turned in his husband’s mind.
"It's just not like you to play pranks on Mycroft and make believe with our son. It's a bit disconcerting really." John giggled.
“I…” John tried to speak again but Mycroft’s mouth was back on his. It did not last however as Mycroft shifted and then suddenly was no longer on top of the mender.
"You have never had a lover..." Sherlock whispered.
?" There was that incredulous tone.
"These necklaces what are they?" John mused out loud. He was flicking through the photos noting how Sherlock had stacked them. They reminded him of military rank symbols.
"Lord Mycroft," She said suddenly and his attention snapped up. "Has anyone informed our mender regarding Sherlock's dark moods?" There was panic in her eyes and Mycroft stood swiftly, stepping towards her.
"They'll all think I'm mad won't they?
"Thank you both." John said in as even a voice as he could manage as the two of them left the room. Mycroft straightened up.
"Not your son, you say?" John whispered to Sherlock. "Love it's okay to be sad." John whispered to the little boy, sitting down and holding him tightly. He rocked him gently. "I'm sorry we've been gone so much, we'll be better okay?"
“No one of import to you, brother mine – where is your intended?” He forced a smile as James came to rest beside Sherlock.
"Three." He was already pacing around the living room.
"Whatever the
"You're... You're my Grandma?" Hamish asked with a mouthful of pancake.
"I have always and will always know what you want or need, John. I have from the first moment I saw you." His smirk gave away his ego and irked John.
"Look at you." John growled. "My love... My mate..." He whispered trailing kisses and soft bites over Sherlock's neck. His fangs dragging over the vein. Sherlock moaned loudly and his eyes fluttered closed. "Yes Sherlock, give in to the pleasure. Let me see you unmade." John ordered, his voice thick with his lust. Their bond swirling with their arousal so much so that Sherlock wasn't sure he was encased by his physical body any longer.
"That is not a proper sentence, Hamish." He countered and settled Hamish down into his chair. "You two eat and gather what you need to go to the scene of the original crime as I know you're eager to."
"He descended very close to the edge of death but I was able to save him, after which he swore an oath to me that I would always be protected by him. Once his full strength returned he spent lavish amounts of money in order to acquire a bulk of the ingredients necessary to cure his family and outfitted me with new clothing, a weapon, books, and other items I needed to continue in my studies. He worked with me for a month to perfect brewing of the potion and once we had a sufficient store built up he planned his return home. However before he could settle the potential of my accompanying him with my uncle, one of his guards arrived to inform him that several of his clansmen, including his daughter, had taken gravely ill." John stood and moved close to Sherlock only to be met with a growl. He looked hurt but walked back over, joining Mycroft as he motioned for him to take a seat next to him.
"You belong here with me, John. Please come back home. Back to me." John's eyes went wide as Sherlock spoke, watching almost transfixed as Sherlock leaned closer to him.
"Alright John, I won't make you come back - but if you do not improve remarkably within the next few weeks we will revisit this issue."
"Sherlock! PLEASE!" John shouted, utterly intoxicated by the moment. Sherlock smiled and let out a soft purr like growl as John begged. "No more torment, claim me! Please my love!" John urged, his toes curling into the mattress. "Use me as you wish." He pleaded.
"Distance serves us better." Mycroft whispered and swept from the room.
"Git," John growled. "I'm serious."
"George take Sherlock to the feeding area, ensure he feeds appropriately, and then return him to his chambers. He is to remain there until dark fall when he may rejoin us here." Mycroft's rage was undeniable.
"I beg your..."
"Mycroft," Sherlock growled in warning. John broke his gaze away from Sherlock to look at their guest.
"After..." John sighed and looked down, as if expecting Sherlock to goad him. "I learnt after you left. I missed the sound of you playing and Baker Street felt so empty without it. So I bought a violin and used the internet to learn to play. I sort of thought it might upset you so I didn't think to bring my violin with me, but when I looked over yours last week I realized I couldn't bear to touch it myself to practice. I talked to Lestrade while we were at the Yard last and asked him to bring it the next time he came out this way."
, at you." His voice was almost breathless. "You stopped me from eating the poison apple; you saved me from the very thing he couldn't shake himself from. He and I were the same, except that suddenly I had you. You were the variable he didn't expect and couldn't control, so willing to give your life, to give of yourself to let me find some sort of normal. Someone to make sure that my need for cleverness and affinity for boredom didn't become my downfall." The passion in his voice was almost crushing John.
Sherlock walked over and wrapped John in his arms, kissing him deeply. He then nodded to his brother before escorting John from the room. Mycroft didn't see them again for three days and when he finally was able to get them to leave Sherlock's bedroom it was clear the two would be utterly inseparable. He smiled at them as they both came to rest before him in his study.
The sheer amount of
"And I'm accepting but do not do it again." He sighed and went to say something else when Hamish forced his way into his lap and grabbed his lapels.
"You have." John whispered into his ear as he fully seated himself inside his love. "You came to find me. You saved me from myself, my family, from Moriarty... From death." He nibbled on Sherlock's neck, nipping at the pulse point and groaning as Sherlock clenched on him. He snapped his hips back and then rolled them forward setting a slow but feverish pace.
“Erm, well…” Sherlock blushed just slightly. “It seems that when he fell off the couch last week he did have something in his mouth. I didn’t think he’d…”
They entered the drawing room and Sherlock swept deeper into the room to look it over. John however stopped and looked over the baby blue colored rectangle box sitting on the table directly in the room. It was covered with filigree patterns and the lid was barely held on. There was a letter on the top of the box. John opened it and read it softly.
"You mean he will be the one to drain me?" John's voice held a hint of fear.
"No." He said quietly, his voice even and firm.
"I did what was necessary."
“Do not be ashamed, my love.” Greg’s voice was terribly soft from beside him. “You needed that, he needed that. Only a fool could not have seen it.” Mycroft looked up at him, concern flooding his face but Greg simply smiled on. He reached for Mycroft’s hand. “Let him rest now.”
"Sherlock, Mycroft is going to demand this same story from me. Instead of repeating myself may we please simply enjoy the last portion of our time here? I shall explain it all when we return home, I swear it." John asked softly, clearly afraid.
"Sherlock, when you think about John does it make you feel incredibly happy and yet like you have a deep ache at the thought of all the things that could happen to him?"
“I am fine.” He finally replied, pushing himself up. He was trembling and she sighed.
“I must return to the Coven house. Be safe.” She whispered, hugging him before she left.
"We can't take him and solve a case." John sighed.
"Oh, it was rather recently," He answered softly, almost dismissively. John laughed; it was a low, soft laugh that made Sherlock grin despite himself. John knew him too well.
"And that face, being so utterly devoid of clues for me..." His mouth trailed down over John's neck, his hand wrapping in his hair. "It's torment..."
“Moriarty.”
"I'm happy to help. You should eat something. I made you breakfast." Sherlock offered.
"God this is torment!" He shouted.
to analyze him right now. He fought the wave of emotion before speaking.
"That much is true. You will not be able to fight it. However you must use your brain." Mycroft sighed softly. "We will take John Watson into our employ, we will tutor him in the world he is unaccustomed to, and when the time is right we will bring him to our life." Sherlock felt relief sweep through him but it was gone in a moment.
"Which you did," John whispered softly.
"Thank you." John whispered, looking into his eyes as he sank down into the bed.
"That's rather ambitious of you." He snapped back, fighting back a laugh. Why was that his comeback? Was his brain that addled?
"I told you I needed to think."
“And yet here I am.” He whispered as he leaned forward. He pulled the ring from the box and let Sherlock slide it on his finger.
"Then you should ask him." Sherlock snapped his attention back up, looking a bit child like.
"I simply do not care, John. This is trite and boring. Please may we return home now?" He begged. John turned to see that Elizabeth was sufficiently engrossed with her displeased groom and glowing father so he conceded.
"Yes, the last of my branch of the family tree." He countered easily and Sherlock smirked as he saw something in his lovers gaze that Mycroft missed. John was amused, he had expected this moment and planned for it accordingly. It made something in Sherlock's chest purr contentedly. This man was a perfect match for him. "A branch you tried to remove, Lord Mycroft." His eyes hardened but he did not raise his tone. Mycroft sneered.
"John, I know we've been chasing down leads for the..." He furrowed his brow, "Crystal Orchid case," They both laughed. "But I think there is something that you need to know."
I do with you?" John was trying to deduce what Sherlock was planning which made Sherlock smile wider. "Oh, yes... How could I have forgotten?"
"But it is!" He stamped the umbrella down making a loud click. "The card itself is not important Sherlock, but have you considered the message you sent? Have you considered the unspoken ramifications of what you have done?" He demanded, his voice still quiet but perfectly clear. "Have you completely forgotten what
"How?" John asked shaking.
didn't take my eyes off him." Mycroft sneered. Lestrade froze in the doorway having come back to say something to Sherlock. The anger passing between the brothers was like static in the air.
"Sod off." John's voice lacked it's normal anger as he spoke. He simply curled himself into the couch more. "I don't want to visit today. I don't care anymore. So please, leave."
"Sherlock, I..." He whispered, his voice cracking with his emotion. Sherlock realized he was going to apologize. He was going to ask for forgiveness for feeling, something Sherlock needed more from him than he could understand.
"Did she give you any…" A blush again.
"Are you saying we should take him up on his offer?" His voice indicated that he wasn't entirely sure John's brain hadn't been addled.
"God Sherlock please!" John whimpered but all he received was another hard smack. He jolted and whimpered.
John's mind went empty and hollow, the sound of Moriarty's voice was the only thing he could hear. Commands were issued and John knew he wished not to obey them, however he had no other choice. His only protection removed and his own training so woefully forgotten he had no chance. Tears still fell and pain came and went as his body broke under the waves of James voice. Then thankfully darkness settled and for the moment he knew no more of the horrors befalling him. Moriarty smirked as John's eyes went blank and glassed over, his mind settled into some dark corner to protect itself. He got up and dusted off before sitting in his chair.
“How could someone try to love when their soul was wrenched away? I shall do what I can Mender, however, our best option is for you to remain beside him.”
"I know
"What is it John?" Sherlock asked as he scooped Hamish up and cuddled him close.
? How he suffered?" Lestrade and Mrs. Hudson attempted to remain still, both of them suddenly very aware of how explosive this situation was becoming.
"I demanded answers from him in Paris however, he absolutely
“Why come now?” John finally spoke, finding the anger rising within himself both comforting and grounding.
"You're getting off on this aren't you?" Sherlock demanded, picking up his thankfully unburned toast. "Pretending to be a Daddy and running off with us to solve a crime." His eyes sparkled.
." His voice again rumbled inside John's head again. "
"My son? He's our son." Sherlock's smirk widened as he sat up, easily shifting Hamish in his arms as he did. "Hamish, big boys take their medicine. If you do what your Daddy says then I'll even let you watch one of your terrible cartoon shows." Sherlock said firmly, bargaining with the little boy. John laughed himself silly for a long moment before Hamish answered.
"It is merely something for us to remain on guard for." Sherlock promised, pulling John into a hug.
With that Mycroft let Anthea escort him out of the room and Sherlock pulled a trembling, weak, and mostly sleeping John into his arms and cradled him like the most precious gem in the world. For that was what he was, the most magnificent jewel in Sherlock's nocturnal crown.
Sherlock grabbed John’s arm, to hold him from potentially chasing the other. The Mender, however, remained still, shaking with barely suppressed rage. A level of rage Sherlock was quite sure he had never witnessed his lover posses before. Sherlock spoke quietly to John and it took over half an hour to soothe him enough to return to his seat.  Sometime later Mycroft and Gregory returned, Mycroft raising an eyebrow as he noted the change in their countenance. Sherlock immediately recounted the events of the afternoon, though it was clear he had no desire to involve his brother in the situation as he did. As he spoke John stood and paced away from the group, going to the edge of the garden walkway and staring idly across the street. Mycroft and Sherlock both focused their attention on the Mender, noting that just before he began his return to the group he relaxed minutely. When John approached their table and sank into the chair, he gently took Sherlock’s hand before speaking.
“Don’t you DARE say anything about that man!” John growled and his voice was dangerous. Marcus sighed.
Marcus snapped his finger and two men appeared beside him. The door to the cage was unlocked and one of the men walked forward and tried to pry Hamish out of John's hands. But John wasn't having that. He fought with them and did well too, until one of them knocked him around the head again. Hamish was removed from his arms and given another sedative as John blacked out. When he woke next the first thing he noticed was tingling in his hands and feet. The second thing he noticed was that he was not in the cage with Hamish anyone and Hamish was out cold on the bed.
He watched the door fall shut and for a moment he just sat there, thinking about what to do now before a voice supplied
This will be the first of three pretty short chapters (sorry, I just had to do it like this), two will be uploaded immediately, the last one will be up on Sunday. I just don't have the time right now to type it down.
Right, sorry about that. (I say that every chapter. Please accept all my apologies for all chapters that are late because I'm shit at time managing and I work too much?)
And still… this felt wrong.
Suddenly, John’s mood was awful again, and he actually needed effort to not snap at Mary when he said: “I’m going to get some rest. Thank you for the tea.”
With a small and bitter sigh John answered the phone: “John Watson.”
“How are the cookies John?” Sherlock asked and John praised them as much as he could.
He couldn’t stay here, anyway, the police would chase him away eventually. So he just started to walk, to run, all those narrow streets he knew by heart where nobody would ever find him. He wanted it to rain like it always did in those silly movies John had made him watch, to wash away the tears that were streaming down his face again, but the night was untypically clear and the moon seemed to laugh over him.
“Where have you been?”, Mary asked, barely louder than before. John thought about making something up but he couldn’t think of any situation that would’ve sounded important enough except for the truth.
the only one. You are the first and only one that made me feel accepted, wanted, and you are the only one I will ever truly care about. That will ever truly care about me, at least enough to save me.""
The detective sighed and let his head fall onto John’s shoulder. After a while that felt like only seconds to Sherlock, John did step back watching his friend cautiously.
His gaze was drawn to the edge of the roof, and even though he had seen it from another perspective last time, he could only too easily imagine Sherlock standing there, spreading his arms, falling.
. He had no idea how he had come here, or what had happened, he only knew that he wanted to go back to the sweet oblivion he had been in. He didn’t want to see things, hear things,
He pointed to the door, feeling a little awkward. But Sherlock only nodded and brought him his coat, then guided him to the door.
Sherlock sighed annoyed and turned around to face the DI.
John winced a bit when he realised that this was Mycroft's anger, carefully wrapped in layers of scorn, and suddenly he was scared.
Inside, he found a book about the rarest poisons in the world with their antidotes and other tips to survive them. It wasn’t anything he would have wished for, but he had to admit that it was a very interesting subject and might come in handy some time.
“You seem in a much better mood now,” the detective observed and John had to agree. He didn’t know if it was just being away from that restaurant, if it was the nice Christmas-atmosphere in the flat or actually the cookies, but he didn’t really care. Sherlock had said the cookies weren’t dangerous, and feeling happy for one evening would only do him good. So he just went with it.
John visits Sherlock and confuses himself.
What he couldn't see were the tears rolling down John's face. He should be angry, should shout at Sherlock for letting himself go like this, but instead he wanted to go back and hug the detective. Of course, he couldn't do this. Not after all that happened. But the wish remained.
But when he arrived at the empty hall where Mycroft had decided to meet him, he got surprised by a cheerful Holmes that was definitely out of position.
“It’s… fine”, Mary said hesitantly.
“That was… nice,” he said and smiled a little. He wasn’t sure what any of this meant, if it meant anything; and what sort of case was this anyway?
Greg looked a bit surprised but chose not to say anything.
His voice was low and numb, and it broke John's heart to hear him like this.
His skull. A crack, bone pieces falling down the wall. More crying.
“But why am I here? I am sure I didn’t sign up for the night shifts, and you have other people for emergency calls”, John mumbled, still confused.
“I am sure Mrs. Hudson has an eye on him and Mycroft would never let him do anything really stupid”, he tried to reassure more himself than Mary. She just shook her head and smiled sadly.
“You’re unbelievable. So those
He swallowed and wettened his lips with his tongue before he continued to speak.
Thanks for reading, everyone who reads this, and especially thanks to DaringD for always commenting c: That really helps :)
was… disturbing.
“So no weird taste to them? You still feel good?”
He didn’t have anything to say to that and Mary felt that she had struck a good point.
Finally, he arrived, still way too early, but then again, he would never be ready for what was coming.
I'm so sorry guys. I had a lot of stuff going on, broke up with my boyfriend of three and a half years, accepted a second job, decided to completely change my educational path...
John thought about what to tell him, then he settled for the truth. Greg had never been one to judge too fast , so he might probably be just the right person to talk to.
He didn’t exactly know what would happen now, but he didn’t really want to be a part of it.
Slowly, she turned her head and looked at him with tired eyes.
“Actually, there is a case with which you could help me.”
Tears fell down his cheeks, slowly and lonely, and Sherlock couldn’t stop himself from hugging John again.
So he got over his repulse and told her all about it.
“So that’s why Mycroft was so angry… I really hope Sherlock is going to be okay. I don’t understand it, though. What did you do?” Mary asked in confusion and John let out a frustrated growl. If only he
The last word was nothing more than a hiss, and for a moment John thought Sherlock was angry, because he totally sounded like it, but as he chanced a look at his face, there was nothing more than pain and disappointment.
The detective just waved his hand and it was enough for John. He burst forward and threw his arms around his friend’s trembling body, holding him in a tight hug. Sherlock stiffened immediately, turned around and tried to step away from John, but the doctor didn’t loosen his grip.
Mrs Hudson calling. No. No. Just no.
(Sorry, couldn't find a youtube link that's working in my country.)
“So, what happened today? I don’t want to push it, but you looked pretty desperate last night and you wouldn’t have called me here if everything was okay.”
John stood right in front of him, his hand still in next to Sherlock's face, trembling slightly.
I should go now, tomorrow will be a long day again. Get some rest, make up your mind tomorrow and then we’ll have a look at the situation again, okay?”
“I just don’t know if what I do is right. I want to be Mary’s husband, the father of her child, the one and only for her, but that doesn’t mean I want to give up everything else. Just because we’re married doesn’t mean we can’t have friends, right?
he had done had set this off; or finding nothing and having to start looking again, never certain if he would be in time.
Sherlock turned around, a surprised look on his face.
He completely ignored the question for her well-being, he wasn’t sure if he wanted the other guy to know. This response took a little longer.
Mary tried to cheer John up and it works - for a while.
“I know, at least I tell myself that I do. But now that she lost the baby… She need me, in a way that I’m not there for her, and it’s all my fault and then I feel like I’m lying to her all the time although I’m telling her everything I know and even this Sophie person makes me insecure and I’m not used to being insecure!”
John had left him because he wasn’t what he wanted him to be. But… he never had been, right? Sherlock had never fulfilled anybody’s expectations so that feeling shouldn’t be new to him.
He spat out those last words and only after it felt how wrong this all was. In his head it hat sounded so justified, but now the words were hanging in the air and John just wanted to crawl in a corner.
She looked tired but still produced a dry laugh.
He sounded so bitter that John wanted to hug him, but that wouldn’t be appropriate. Also, John would never feel comfortable hugging other men, he was sure of that.
He wrote a note for Mary who was taking a shower right now and she would probably be mad when he got back but he was too numb to care about it. The only thing he could think about were Sherlock's words.
Mary and his
“No idea what I’m supposed to do now. I mean, I don’t want to lose Mary but seriously, I can’t just let Sherlock do… whatever he does.”
“About what I said yesterday… It wasn’t the hormones speaking.
He told Mary as much, and she threw him a puzzled look. Didn’t she believe him? She was supposed to be on his side! But it seemed she wasn’t better than Mycroft...
“John”, she exclaimed, then pulled herself together.
“You should find a compromise, one that works for both you and Mary. And if one of you isn’t willing to look for one, then you should rethink the situation. Don’t give yourself up for your wife. It’s never worth it, believe me.”
Sherlock’s head jerked up and he looked like he wanted to snap something, but at the same moment the door behind them opened and in the next second, Greg was on Sherlock’s other side. He nodded briefly to John, then started to mumble words to the detective. John didn’t understand what he was saying and instead of trying to listen more closely, he tuned everything out.
Sherlock grinned and took off his coat. Below, he wore one of the most hideous Christmas sweaters John had ever seen, which made him only laugh more. Sherlock ignored him and pulled out a similar sweater in different colours from under the couch, then tossed it to John.
John was reminded of his conversation with Jeanette some years ago, but the fact that his wife just told him nearly the same things made him uncomfortable. But before he could answer, Mary continued talking: “You know, I thought I was different. I patched you up after Sherlock’s jump and I thought we connected somehow. All that we’ve been through together… But I should’ve known that i will always be him, and I don’t want to stand in the way of this. Maybe the accident today was a sign. A warning that what we’re doing is wrong. Maybe… you should take more care of Sherlock and we should… you should leave now, I think.”
He didn’t have to wait long for the buzzing to tell him he got a message.
Sherlock is finally fully awake again.
The flouting voice next to his ear forced him to focus on the present.
Since it wasn’t that late - well, late, but not too late to go drinking, he figured - he decided to just get his phone from the flat and call Mike to ask if he maybe wanted to get a drink or two. Or five. He wasn’t sure yet.
"Excuse me?", John had to ask, the voice of the detective being way too low to understand anything.
He stopped surprised when he noticed that this wasn’t the vehicle he had been brought in. But Anthea already held open the door and Mycroft said goodbye, so he got in without questioning it.
Third short chapter. Maybe I get a longer one up before I go on vacation next Saturday. No promises, though, I have a shitload of work to do before that.
“Hey, Greg”, he greeted the DI, who smiled and waved in return.
Sherlock sat up and looked at his friend curiously.
He didn’t even have the time to enter the elevator before Greg answered and John smiled.
“I’m fine, just…”, Mary swallowed and John thought he’d seen a tear in her eye but she turned her head away.
“So eager.” He purred, biting Sherlock’s bottom lip and staring into his eyes.
"It is wonderful to watch you two." He whispered, leaning forward and kissing both of them deeply in turn. "I wish to watch more." He asked softly.
"Share?" The hope in Sherlock's voice as he so very slowly turned his gaze back to John's caught John off guard. In that moment Sherlock's guard fell further than John had ever seen it and it made him loose what little control he had left over his heart.
He licked around the head of John's cock, paying special attention to the leaking tip. He hummed and moaned as John's hips betrayed him and tried to push Sherlock's mouth further down on him. He found his own need desperately crawling around in his chest. He stood up and opened the bag, finding the warming lubricant he'd bought and slicking some over his fingers. He started teasingly at first, just barely touching the tight clenching muscles of John's ass before relentlessly finger fucking him. John became a pool of moans and primal body movements, pleasing with every sound for Sherlock to take him. But Sherlock waited, resting his head on John's thigh as he watched his fingers sliding in and out of John's body.
“Sherlock aren’t those the…”
"Why the Rowan?" Mycroft's voice was soft and thoughtful. Sherlock had begun to pace.
“There is a message in blood on the wall, the current theory is that victim was writing the name Rachel on the wall before he passed.” Sherlock scoffed, and John had to admit the story was a bit farfetched.
“For someone preparing to be taken you are putting up quite a fuss.” John smirked as he pulled back and gently bit Sherlock’s bottom lip. He began unbuttoning his shirt before nearly tearing Sherlock’s in two.
“J-John.” Sherlock gasped out, struggling to move his hands.
"It'll be alright, John." John just nodded, focused on doling out the medicine.
"You're going to die here John Watson." Her growl was almost cute.
"So Harry wasn't drunk, she was poisoned?" John asked quietly, his voice betraying his heart.
"Ja, ist mir, Jacob. Ist mir." John whispered, he turned back to Sherlock. "Sherlock, turn on the light and get my case please." His voice was soft as he grunted and gently palpated his own face to survey the damage. Some bruising and a minor cut were all he found, he let out a heavy breath.
"I love you John." Sherlock sat down, sighing almost in defeat. "Isn't it obvious?"
“Do not say such things.” Sherlock scolded, pulling back so he could look into his mate’s eyes.
Moran bit harshly into James neck and drained him to the point the man was hardly able to hold himself upright. Moran scooped the fledgling into his arms as if he were made of air instead of being a solid person. His eyes cold and hard as he carried him from the manor and to his waiting carriage. Sherlock pulled John out of the room, keeping his grip firmly on his husband. He left Mycroft to attend to the Duke and took his mate home so he could properly grieve.
"You are the biggest idiot of them all aren't you?" His tone was lethal and dark, his eyes burning into Mycroft's.
"Oh! I feel like I am going to explode." John grunted, shaking from head to toe. His mouth fell to Sherlock's again as he leaned over him, grinding back onto Mycroft's fingers and pushing his deeper into Sherlock.
“Aunt Georgie!” He exclaimed. “It’s good to see you.” Sherlock’s brow hitched up quiet far and Mycroft seemed to tense as well.
"What about Mrs. Hudson," John began, interrupting Sherlock's planned retort. He grunted as his sudden outburst made Sherlock apply too much pressure. Sherlock strengthened his grip on John's arm and made him sit back against the couch.
He managed to finish packing the two bags of clothing, one specifically for himself and one for Sherlock. He was very disgruntled at how long it took him however and furrowed his brow as he tried to decide whether he was the babysitter or the one being babysat. He knew he couldn't carry the bags out to the living room and was standing there musing over what to do when Sherlock swept into the room.
"My Lady, ease your heart before you cause yourself too much distress. Allow me to speak on your behalf." The servant at her side said softly, putting her hand on Elizabeth's back. "Lady Anthea, my mistress was blinded by her husbands' false words and has come to make amends. It is quite imperative that we speak with Lord John and we cannot leave here without doing so. Please beg of him on our behalf that we may speak with him." Anthea looked confused but the woman seemed to be telling the genuine truth so she motioned for Elizabeth to move into the next room and she went to find the men.
Needless to say they didn't get any packing done at all that day. In fact they had barely shoved everything back into the bags the next day when Lestrade arrived to take them home. He could do nothing but shake his head at the state of the two of them. Both of them were disheveled, their clothing not in the normal crisp state it usually was. He could tell they hadn't slept in at least twenty four hours. Coupled with the fact that Sherlock was sporting a very dark purple love bite on his neck and John could have passed for a man who'd been choked with his choker of love bites; and Lestrade knew he was going to have to be more careful about just strolling into their flat. He helped them put their bags in the car and drove them back to Baker Street, helping them inside and surveying the flat while John took a moment to just absorb being home. Sherlock and Lestrade seemed to be looking for something specific so John just stayed out of their way, settling down in his arm chair. He smiled as he looked up at the sound of footsteps on the stairs and Mrs. Hudson came into sight. She had a tea tray in hand with some biscuits and two mugs.
"So she also knew." Sherlock whispered.
"Because we would have been delayed for two extra days while you tried to decide which jumper makes you look the most fetching and packing enough clothing to hibernate the winter away." Sherlock snapped, teasing. He locked the doors and came back to rest in front of John, undressing him very visibly with his eyes.
"It is." John was taken aback by the sort of breathless quality Sherlock's voice had. "I would never have expected you to do this." He was blushing slightly as he looked down at him. That was Sherlock for you though, always determined not to see how much John thought of him.
Also a note here - Sherlock is growing and expanding as a character so he might seem a little wonky at times as we go here. Please bear with me, he has some sort of scheme going and sometimes characters don't tell their authors what's happening until it does!
“How can you tell?” John had a theory, he wanted to see if it was correct.
"You have a terrible means of showing him!"
"You realize what you're asking me?" Sherlock whispered, flipping John onto his back. His arm ached from the position but he didn't care.
"Whatever you need from me, John, take it." He whispered as John collided with him, their lips and bodies meeting in a desperate frenzy.
"I have missed you with all my heart, John." Sherlock's words were full of his emotion even as his aura gently offered itself to John's again.
"I will. If we do get caught in the rain we should be able to make it back by the morning. Will you two be alright with Hamish?"
, to show him that you loved him best, that you were worth his time," John's head was swimming but even he could hear the laughter in Sherlock's voice as the detective did what he did best. In some ways it was comforting but the comfort of it was short lived as a new wave of pain shot through his body. He wasn't sure how much longer he could stay awake and he could feel the next stage of the muscular effects of the poison starting to set in.
"Sherlock, I'm sorry if I was being a git. I was just teasing. I didn't realize you were being serious." John said softly, stepping into the living room.
"I had no choice, John. Drink this and I will explain." John tensed at the sound of his voice, it was almost pleading. Desperate. It sent shivers through his whole body. "Please."
"You do not have to speak the words, I know how you feel." His voice was soft, full of pain as John tugged again on the cloak, making his hood fall. They stood there in silence for a long moment, snow gently falling around them and dotting their hair. John's grip tightened on the cloak and Sherlock felt something like hope crawl into his chest and begin to warm it.
, Mycroft. I am dead to them and have been for three years hence." John sighed and finally looked down. "I am Solvanar only by birth. I pledge my life to Sherlock and to this coven regardless of history."
“T-Thank you for your concern, however I am well.” John forced out, his voice trembling as it shook in his chest.
"Du weißt wer es ist, Johnny. Es ist dein Vater." Sherlock didn't need a translation of that. That was clear. John's father was somehow involved. Sherlock took to pacing the length of the room behind them, trying to let his irritation out.
"Yes you do. Hey, I've been your friend for what almost seven years now? You know I watch you. I have to make sure you don't end up back out there on the street, when you think no one is watching you pull his tags between your top two buttons." The smirk on Lestrade's face did nothing to ease the slight anger that grew in Sherlock's stomach.
"What of your social requirements?" His mother demanded softly, looking upset.
"Shit!" He cursed.
"Seeing John respond as he is I must wholeheartedly agree. His insistence on acquiring your time in order to have you investigate this situation over the last three weeks begs some intrigue. It was not enough for him to allow you time to contact him, when he knew you had suffered so terribly.
"Sie sind unsere Freunde." John replied softly and sighed. "Kannst du sprechen Englisch?"
“You left me without a word about where you were going Sherlock. We discussed this.” John slowly wrapped his arms around the other and pulled him, so their bodies were flush.
“Sherlock.” He gasped out, trying to find the strength to stand.
"When," he forced out, his full attention on Sherlock.
"Oh it's fine Mrs. Hudson, I... I don't think we knew what we were in for." John blushed and fidgeted with the scarf now around his neck, covering the love bites.
"I... Thank you again." He whispered, swallowing hard.
“Good. They belong in hell.” John growled, anger the only emotion he let show through these days.
"Will it feel so strongly with others?" John asked softly as he opened his eyes to meet Sherlock's, his fingers slowly reaching up to touch Sherlock's cheek.
"I'm sorry..." John whispered, tears falling as he did.
to the ground, not even trying to be gentle as she cuffed the insane screaming woman. Sherlock however pulled himself up off the ground, shaking like mad but his full attention focused on John. John grunted softly as the pain ramped up.
“I told you, you will never have Sherlock.” John’s voice was dark as he growled, but his arm trembled with weakness. The sun was just beginning to crest over the horizon. “You will have nothing.” He struggled with Moriarty, wrenching him away from his own body and dropping him.
“I owe you a debit I cannot repay.” Mycroft whispered genuinely.
"Yes, I did. He was so upset, so when Georgina told me that a letter had come here for him I was convinced it had to be from you. But I also had to be sure you weren't sending him words that might break his heart all over again." She whispered, smiling as Sherlock easily shifted his legs so John could slide onto the couch beside him and put the detectives head in his lap. His hands immediately finding their way into those brunette locks. "I had not believed someone could find their true love as a child but the way his heart broke when Marcus told him there was absolutely no way he would ever allow him to contact you was immensely painful to witness. He didn't eat for a week." Sherlock chuckled as John blushed. "If I recall correctly he even tried to run away but the men at the train station wouldn't let him on the train."
“No! No, not at all, I am not implying it is
“To health,” Mycroft replied quietly, noting the Mender looked thoughtful. “What is it that worries you so, my Mender?”
at the Queen's expense." The heat in the way he said it crept straight into John's body, sending shivers up and down his spine.
"Come in." Mycroft called, looking up with clear surprise as John entered. It was easy to see the tears on his face, Mycroft wanted to comfort him but he refused to do so. He could not allow himself to feel this sentiment for John. It would be better to remain distant. He had hoped the lack of touching and response he'd given the mender over the last few months would be enough to finally push him away. Judging by the look on his face, that was not the case. "What are
"He is an able and quick student." Mycroft praised, enjoying the slight flush on John's cheeks.
“It seems a bit trite to write the name of a woman on the wall when there is no evidence a woman was here…” He began and then looked over and knelt by the body. “There is no blood on the body.” John began but sighed when Sherlock immediately cut him off.
"Sherlock you and Hamish go down and make breakfast, now." John said in a warning tone and Sherlock frowned before pushing Hamish gently out of the bed and the two of them heading downstairs.
John ran his tongue over his teeth in clear agitation, his entire face tightening with emotion. It wasn't that he didn't want Sherlock close, no quite the opposite was true. He desperately wanted to be close to Sherlock in a way that was almost purely indecent. His thoughts straying to
"Do not thank me yet, I am not clear how honorable my intentions are." They stopped a short way outside the house, hidden in the tree line. Sherlock knew his kin were close and he had no fear of retaliation from Moriarty, lest he expose his mortal cover. John did not shiver with fear, instead he seemed eager to have this moment alone with Sherlock and Sherlock found this all the more intriguing.
His smile darkened as his aura easily overpowered the menders mind. He could never control John when he was at his best, however now, weakened by these wounds, Moran had a chance to finally take some relief from his prey. He leaned down and kissed John hard, enjoying how John made soft noises of protest though he was deeply asleep and under the calming effect of Sebastian’s aura. He trailed his fingers down, loosening his shirt and caressing the wounded but slowly healing skin underneath. He felt himself grow hard with desire and taking John’s loose hand he caressed himself. John grunted, trying to wake himself, but could not.
"We both are." He replied, squeezing John's hand. "Hamish too,” He promised.
They arrived at Pendergrass Estate just before nightfall and were welcomed by three servants. Two of them took their things to the large four bedroom guest estate and the other led them into the main house. The four men were looking over the inside of the house when a voice called and all of them turned almost exactly at the same moment to face the owner of the voice.
"W-what are you..." Sherlock whimpered. Mycroft pulled his fingers away and left Sherlock empty and aching. He paused for a moment listening to his brother's whimpers of protest, watching John's enthralled face as he drank in every motion the two brothers made. Mycroft waited until Sherlock was completely off balance before pushing in, slowly bracing himself until he was flush with Sherlock's body. Enjoying the way the sensation sparked like lightning through all of three of them.                      "Look at you." Mycroft purred as Sherlock was momentarily overwhelmed. John groaned and easily pushed up as Mycroft rolled his hips forward forcing Sherlock down deeper into John. Sherlock shouted, melting into his brother's hands. "How long you must have wanted this and yet you never spoke of it." He thread his fingers through his brother's hair and tilted his head back, growling as he attacked Sherlock's neck with possessive nips and kisses.
"You were the suitor my Uncle told me of." John said quietly, as he realized it was the truth. "The one who would not take no for an answer. The one who began asking when I was but eleven. He never would tell me who it was."
"If you do not drink of me this moment it will drive us both mad. I willingly give you of myself. You may tell me more of this lore tomorrow when I meet you, let us not waste what little time we have in this moment." His breath was heavy, forcing its way through his chest as he felt Sherlock lean in towards him.
"And the lust?"
, John's mind reeled. He clawed Sherlock to himself the two of them clawing and pulling at each other as they kissed and Sherlock worked John over. Sherlock leaned up and growled as he raked his nails down John's chest leaving trails. He could feel John's body clenching around him, how tight he was, how close to release he was.
" Mycroft growled as he finished the words, tightening his arms around John protectively. John mumbled softly, so Mycroft pressed a gentle kiss to his head and caressed his arms to reassure him.
The three men rejoined George on the ground floor before stalking from the house and out onto the grounds. Sherlock let his aura expand, trying to use his bond to locate his beloved. They were tense as their search was fruitless for several hours before they all turned to survey a series of noises near the kitchen doorway. A servant came slinking along the side of the house and grabbed Sherlock's arm, covering her face in fear when he turned and snarled at her. Mycroft held him back as the woman shook.
“She told me to never tell.” He mumbled to himself, clutching his pendant. He paced silently for a few moments before deciding that he needed to tell Mycroft and Sherlock the whole truth. That the only way to protect his family would be to be honest. “The Matriarch of my clan told me never to reveal this secret to anyone outside our line, however it is possible that Moriarty has been sent by someone who knows the truth. There are a few of the older Solvanar that know the secret of the city." He sighed and put a hand over his pendant, there was a whisper of magic through the room and when he removed his hand the pendant was markedly changed. It now bore two intersecting but different sets of knot work and a fire opal set in the top near the chain. "I am not solely an Oaken Solvanar.” He stopped, looking at them both. "To understand what I mean I must give you a bit more of the history of the breaking of the twelve." He sighed taking a deep breath. "There was a civil war in Solvanar. It is what lead to the three lead families, the Elder, Yew, and Oak removing the others from the city. As you know Mycroft, the Solvanar family lines work in very specific and usually predictable ways. The vampire patriarch wed the mortal matriarch and they had children. Always female. Those children, specifically the eldest child would then wed another man and it was her choice to choose a vampire or a mortal. They would also bear female offspring. That third generation would then choose their mates. So long as the mortal woman chose a mortal man it is then possible for her to bear a male child. If she chooses a vampire she will simply continue the cycle of female begetting female. It came to pass that one of these third generation women in the Elder line chose a vampire male as her mate. She became pregnant however instead of bearing a child as predicted she bore twins. Two girls, identical in almost every way. So the Elder family decided that it was time to unite the three. Each girl was promised in marriage to the eldest son of that generation of the Yew and Oak families. Resulting in two mixed lines. My ancestor Airvae chose to become a vampire shortly after his twentieth year. His wife, the daughter of Elder chose not to accept the gift of eternal life. So he protected her and fathered our line but allowed her to pass to shadow when her death came. It is because of the blending of the abilities of the two lines that I am a mender. My sister was as well." He sighed, sitting down. "It is also why we were twins."
"Are you sure you can stomach this?" John's voice was soft as he spoke, trying to give him the space to do what he needed.
"Of course, Sherlock."
Mycroft retreated more deeply onto the balcony, sighing softly as the shadow enveloped him and allowed his heart to slow. He understood now why John had vanished and though he wished to immediately console his mender he resolved to remain awhile longer and see if he could convince his brother to visit their manor sometime soon. All other attempts to free Sherlock from James’ side for even a moment had failed and he hoped that the impending wedding would provide an excuse. Mycroft sighed as the night wore on and it became clear that James would not let Sherlock out of his sight, keeping the man within arm’s reach at every turn. Shaking his head in defeat Mycroft turned to leave only to find himself freezing in place as a shiver of excitement crept up his spine and he began to feel a strange, tingling sensation in his chest. The sound of soft footsteps approaching him caused him to turn and looked over the man who stepped from the shadows.
"Danke, ich weiß." John nodded as a servant approached them carrying a large umbrella.
"On whose orders?" He barked back at her.
"He's rather wild at the moment, do be careful." He cautioned.
love anyone else
"Ah yes. Kevin was apparently a distraction, a hope on throwing the entire trail off. He is unrelated to the two families but was an Order member from Uthur’s chapter that made the mistake of attempting to flirt with Marcus at one of the regional meetings. His family has been informed. Georgina and Uthur have set up a fund for Hamish as repayment for the fact he was kidnapped and injured by Marcus.” John nodded, but he was having trouble keeping up.
Kitty screamed and hissed as she fought against the arms that held her, shouting random nonsense as she did. However she wasn't getting free, the look on Donovan's face was dark and it was perfectly clear she was going to make sure this woman went to jail. Two medics came over and taking the woman from Donovan and escorting her to a waiting ambulance. Donovan followed her, taking it on herself to be her guard. Sherlock was trying to carry all of John's weight, leveraging it on his left side. His arm was tight around John's waist as he helped him toward the doors, seemingly unaware of the blood running on his own arm and the scalpel still lodged in the wound. Lestrade tried to get Sherlock to focus as two medical workers came in and tried to take John from Sherlock to place him on a stretcher and into an ambulance. Sherlock refused to let him go, holding him so tight John grunted and his knuckles were white. John's eyes were vacant and Sherlock was clearly in shock.
And so it was. That evening they went to dinner with the Duke, where Moriarty made it quite clear that he did not approve of their engagement. Lord Moran made an appearance but John was saved any interaction from him by the presence of his sister, who refused to part from his side for a moment. Comfortably entertained by his fiancé and his sister John passed the time easily. Their wedding was quickly arranged and just over two months after his rebirth as a vampire John Holmes had his lover all to himself in the rich trappings of a French manor. His head was still swimming from all of it, the fancy ceremony, the all too fake tears from his mother, and the overwhelming feeling of dread when he saw the look on Moriarty's face gnawing away at his stomach.
"Then let me help. Let me in." He almost pleaded. "Please." The words were so soft, so needy. John felt panic that Sherlock would be overwhelmed and turn away, but Sherlock understood that this moment was a test. If he could stand up and be strong, to be caring in this moment when John's fear was forcing him to run away from everything - they could get through anything. He let his body soften more as John was pressed against him, showing John that he wasn't going anywhere. His hands wound their way under John's t-shirt and jumper long cool fingers pressing into John's warm flushed skin. John inhaled sharply just biting back a moan.
"But you know I wouldn't miss it." Sherlock replied calmly, stepping out of the shadows. He could feel the relief that John sank into but he could tell the situation was still tenuous. He had a pistol easily accessible in his coat pocket, but made no intention of drawing it just yet. He instead just waited to see what Kitty would do, sizing up the situation.
"John, you had better start talking." He growled, his movements rife with his anger. John grunted as Sherlock moved.
“Sherlock…” John called out softly, a piece of paper in his gloved hands. They had both just examined the contents of the spilled bag and come to the same conclusion.
"You can pack everything." He said grumpily, grabbing John's hand and running his finger over the ring.
you to be happy!"
"Alright, alright..." John waved his hand, slightly overwhelmed by the amount of sentiment. He sank back on the couch and flicked on the telly.
"Whatever you say, Mycroft," Sherlock was burning holes into John with his eyes, but his voice was still the exact same. Suddenly he broke his attention from John and turned to look at Mycroft with something akin to pure hatred on his face. "How much?"
"Yes, please take me. Please!"
"As well as may be expected considering the events that transpired." He replied defensively. Something in her eyes worried him, Sherlock's hand gently slipped over the small of his back and he felt reassured by the simple contact. "Why have you come to call Elizabeth?" He kept his voice even, though it was like fighting a war to do so.
"So who all stays here?" John asked as he followed Sherlock.
“I love you, ‘Mish.” John whispered and Hamish murmured that he loved him too.
“Well that fact aside, I think we need to consider how we’re going to ensure that John doesn’t end up on the losing side of this game!” Mycroft sighed. "You don't seem to be thinking about the fact that his
, you like how we are restraining you. How, ever did I miss this side of you?" He licked a hot trail over John's neck, moaning against it as John let out a feral growl.
“I know. I provided the path to this torment for both of us. This was all because of me.” He heard the deep guilt in that statement and it made his heart ache.
"Hamish!" Sherlock snapped gently.
"Oh Sherlock..." He moaned softly.
"I am rather displeased he did not wake us." Mycroft frowned.
” Mycroft growled, planning his attack.
Footsteps approached and every inch of John went rigid as he looked up at the man who came to rest in front of the cage. He was taller than John with dark brown hair and the same piercing eyes that John bore. He was wearing a crisp suit that looked like it didn’t belong on him, his body strong and muscular. The man's gaze was full of hatred, loathing, and anger. The man stood there staring at John for a long time. He simply watched him for a good two minutes before speaking. The rage passing between the two men made Hamish tremble and he clung to John with as much strength as he could manage.
“Go first. Take him quickly. I shall wait a while in Summer and follow.” Sherlock ordered.
"They showed you how to do it four times and I can walk you through it. You have been violently insecure over this." John looked into Sherlock's eyes. A host of feelings past between them as their gazes locked.
"I feel as if this is a dream." John said softly, pulling back but only a short bit away. "Rumors of your character, the things I have seen you say and do in court, and the feelings I see in the faces of your colleagues generally do not agree with this side of you." His tentatively reached up, his hand softly connecting with Mycroft's cheek. He smiled again.
"Let the ghosts go to rest." She blinked back a tear and straightened up. Her phone gave off a text alert which she checked and sighed softly. "Time to go to the ball," She whispered blinking back a tear. She walked out the door and into a waiting car, turning back to look both of them in the eyes before speaking. "Goodbye John Watson and Sherlock Holmes."
This chapter starts off nice and fluffy and ends up with a bit of smut. I appreciate you all putting up with a relatively fluffy story marked explicit, the next chapter will likely be the last one to start of fluffy as it only gets darker for awhile from here!
"I wonder what's causing it; we don't give him sweets..." Sherlock looked thoughtful.
“You do know how to make Daddy happy,” He purred softly before turning to Moran. “Come here.”
John groaned as Sherlock’s mouth was all over his jaw, neck, lips, and chest as Sherlock opened his shirt. He was in a hurry and it was incredible. This wasn’t the first time Sherlock used a case as an excuse to leave Hamish with Mycroft and Lestrade so they could be alone for awhile, but it made John feel a pang of guilt.
"What a frightfully interesting trip we have had, my brother. Did you know that Lord Moran visited us in Paris?" Sherlock snapped, enjoying the darkness that fluttered over his brothers features. At least Mycroft would commiserate with him.
“It will be dangerous to leave the protection of the house however, and I am sure your brother,” John paused he did not know why but saying Mycroft’s name had a very ill-effect on his mate, “Would be displeased if we did.”
"You knew him." Sherlock looked bored but he kept his body soft.
"Sherlock, did you write that song about… Me?" His breath caught as Sherlock turned back to look at him.
This is not the end my friends, buckle up.
"Yes. Yes however he did not find me of his own intention. I later learned that the morning after my disappearance my uncle created a search party to try to find me. They were unsuccessful and unable to find a trail so they gave me up as kidnapped. A bounty was issued for Lord Moran as well as for my safe return. As the months drug on my uncle lost faith that I would be found and was attempting to resolve how to approach the matriarch, my grandmother, about the situation when he received a letter from Sebastian informing him what I had done. He beseeched my uncle for permission to claim me as his next fledgling, to raise and care for me. My uncle denied him, knowing that as an Oaken Solvanar our families were bitter enemies and having my blood in his line would complicate the tentative truce between the twelve families beyond the point of war. Unfortunately Sebastian was not pleased with that response as he had grown fond of me and wished to claim me as his mate. My uncle arrived a few weeks later to recover me but Sebastian drug his visit out in an attempt to keep me. It was only when I personally asked to be allowed to consider the decision myself until I came of age that he relented and let me free. I met Moriarty shortly after that and I believe Moriarty overheard part of my conversation with my grandmother where she explained I was a mender and informed me of bits of what my life would hold."
“We needed some place private to discuss things and well we did just get engaged after all.” Sherlock’s grin was full of mischief.
"Hush little one." Mycroft pressed gentle kisses to John's head, forehead, eyes, and temples. He slowly tilted the glass until some of the liquid slipped into John's mouth. The taste seem to revive him some and he took the glass in his shaking hand as he tried to drink it quickly. Mycroft restricted him from doing so, metering out the blood as John drank and some color returned to him. "Easy love, easy." He commanded, refilling the glass and giving it to John. Three glasses of blood later John seemed to stop shivering and the blue color had faded from his face. He looked up at Mycroft with fearful eyes, but Mycroft simply cupped his cheek.
"I don't like this Sherlock." Lestrade growled.
"Why are you shaking?" Mycroft swept over, gently touching John's arm. John seemed startled by that but allowed himself to be guided down onto the couch. Mycroft relieving him of the bundle Moran had pressed on him.
John hadn't even seen Sherlock grab the lube but he jolted and moaned when Sherlock pressed two fingers into the tight ring of muscle and dropped his mouth down over his aching erection. Warm bliss rolled through his body as Sherlock worked and his mind just blanked out. All the grief, emotion, worry, and desperation just bleeding away into sheer desire. Sherlock teased him for what felt like hours, building him up close to release and then denying it until John was reduced to a begging whimpering mess. Then he buried his own aching cock into John, pressing in until he wasn't sure where one of them ended and the other began. Their mouths crashed together as Sherlock slowly and feverishly claimed him, building them both up and then slowing down again; continuing to deny both of them their release until he wasn't sure they could stand it a moment more. Claiming John's mouth with another bruising passionate kiss they both shouted into each other as they came so hard they saw stars. Sherlock collapsed down on John, bracing his weight so as not to crush him and they both lay there panting for a long time before either of them spoke.
"Oh it's all because of you! You have been indispensible in the last few months John. What would I have done without you?" She laughed. "You should be dancing with your husband." She scolded him.
Tudor England was a sight to see. A society of excess if you were in the right crowds and of deep, crushing misery if you weren't. It was your typical elegant social outing which meant that Sherlock Holmes was bored to tears. His elder brother Mycroft forced him to come along with him, for what purpose he knew not. He was considering the various ways to abandon the entire evening and pursue his own purposes when his eyes fell on a young man that made the blood pound in his ears. John Hamish Watson, the young cousin of the Duke holding this miserable gathering was cautiously avoiding conversation with any of those in attendance. The dark blue outfit he was wearing made him look moderately handsome but he was not interested in attracting anyone. He simply wanted to make sure he didn't embarrass himself.  His family lived on a small farm outside of the main portion of the city and he was not used to large gatherings like this. He was awkward and certainly not as elegant and refined as those around him, so he did his best to blend in. As he moved to a balcony to take in some fresh air he was surprised when he felt a prickle on his neck and turned to find a tall, dark haired man with quicksilver eyes walking towards him. He knew the man was the younger son of the Duke's favorite advisor, to be honest he knew many things about the man though he doubted the man repaid the favor. The two had crossed paths several times throughout the last two years but despite John's efforts he'd never been able to enter into friendship with the man. His pale white skin seemed to glow in the moonlight as he stepped quietly onto the balcony, his dark curls reflecting the light in a way John had never before observed. All in all he was striking and John could not withdraw his gaze to save his life.
"We will find him." Sherlock promised but his voice was dark. "You... I have seen you before, you served Lady Elizabeth in the Duke's residence?" Sherlock's voice softened.
“Who?” Anthea asked quietly.
Sherlock strode into the living room his body tight with purpose as he moved. His entire attention was focused on John and it took the breath right out of John's lungs. He went red as he realized that Sherlock may have heard the entire conversation he'd just had with Mycroft and fear gripped his heart. Mycroft smiled however and turned his focus on his brother.
This chapter includes mention of some violence (a bit graphic) and a lot of angst.
things I wanted to do with you when you showed up to Buckingham Palace in nothing but a sheet." Sherlock's grin hitched higher and his eyes sparkled mischievously. John blushed, coughing again and sputtering into his tea. After he recovered he looked him dead in the eyes, "You?"
“Look,” John said suddenly, very agitated. “I know what I’m doing. I'm not an idiot despite what you two think." His voice was tight with anger. "I know that this could all go wrong and I could end up next to that box of bricks and dirt. I know I'm going to end up in the hospital and on the edge of darkness. I think that I have proven by now, Mycroft, that I am perfectly capable of handling myself in the face of danger. I was not crippled by terrorists, or war, or C4 strapped to my chest, or a sniper's laser sight pointed at my chest. The only thing that has ever unseated me was the belief that your brother was dead! This is nothing! This is a fumbling girl on a power trip! I can handle this so please, all of you, stop treating me like a child!" Sherlock was caught off guard by the tension in John's voice and sighed, allowing himself to relax.
, then in Baskerville, and now here he was; a man who disdained emotion trying to sort his way through the fire of emotion burning in the core of his being. It endeared him all the more to John and cemented the fact that John Watson could
