Putting the arc reactor in was stressful. At least for Tony, who had a mini panic attack thinking about removing something from his body that was keeping him alive, no matter that it was just an electromagnet connected to a car battery. Yinsen is patient with him, talks him through his panic and reassures Tony he knows what he is doing, even in such an unprecedented situation. Tony is inclined to believe him. The man did successfully perform heart surgery on him with limited resources in a cave after he had a hole blown into his torso.
so you’re really going to take care of them.”
Tony recognizes that Obie means to be placating or reassuring, but instead, the older man just looks like a wolf in sheep’s clothing.
There was a beat of silence before Tony (obviously) broke it.
“You look fantastic! I almost didn’t recognize you,” Tony tells Pepper as he approaches her.
“Yes, two, please.”
“The baby’s okay,” Pepper reassures him, “I’ve made sure several times. I’m sure the SHIELD doctors are sick of me now.”
Yes, Obie is definitely more at fault than these women who don’t know or owe Tony anything, but sleeping with someone who is very obviously and publicly in a committed relationship is still a terrible thing to do regardless. (There have been some women who walked out once they realized that it wasn’t a package deal sort of thing and Tony wasn’t actually okay with it, but Tony could count that number on one of his hands in the decade that he’s been married to Obie.)
When Yahya finally enters Tony, it is almost more intimate than Tony can take. It’s slow and steady, and the Alpha looks directly at Tony the entire time, kissing him sweetly every couple of strokes. He even reaches between them and strokes Tony’s cock in time with his thrusts. Yahya doesn’t try to turn him on his stomach and mount Tony. He doesn’t set a brutal pace from the beginning and expect Tony to just take it.
“What?” Pepper asks confused, “Why?”
Tony comes home
Tony had not anticipated that taking off the armor would be such a difficult task. The assembly bots are all pushing and pulling at all different pieces of metal as JARVIS instructed them.
“Two percent,” JARVIS informs as Tony loses control of flight for a moment, “We are running on emergency backup power.”
Obie opens fire at him, causing the Omega to almost fall through the broken skylight. Obie continues to fire bullets, breaking all the glass in the skylight.
Letting his anger and despair fuel him, Steve made his way to the Avengers Headquarters. Though he was currently in Manhattan and the Avengers Headquarters was in upstate New York, he made it in record time on his motorcycle. It wasn’t exactly like Steve was an upstanding citizen of the law and he wasn’t going to start now. Once he got about half a mile from the building, Steve stopped and got off his bike. He was going to make the rest of the way there on foot. He couldn’t risk them figuring out he was on his way. Steve then took out the phone he swiped from Tony’s room and made a call.
Finally the suit came off and Tony turned to Pepper. “Let’s walk and talk. I want to see the boys.”
“I was different. I always felt that way. And I always felt something missing. So after living and studying in China for 25 years. I went back to the town my family was from, Gulmira. I had never been there. My parents never taught me Dari or Pashto. But I wanted to connect to my culture, tap into this unexplored part of my identity. I learned both Dari and Pashto while living there. I became the local doctor. I was still able to go to conferences around the world and continue my research and medical practices, it was just a tad more difficult. I met my wife in Gulmira; She’s a strong-headed, openhearted Beta. We settled there, and I’ve never looked back.”
Tony thinks for a moment. “I can get you that body armor I was working on before by the end of next week.” It was a military project so it would appeal to the board, but it was non-combative so that Tony wouldn’t have to make weapons again.
Frankly, Tony could do worse than Obadiah Stane. In fact, Tony was
Tony grabs him by his shoulders. “I know, you have a wife and a family. But if they find out and get to me first and I get pregnant, which believe me is very likely, then I will be tied to one of them for the rest of my life. You know that Alphas have full claim over any children they have, but I could never in good conscience just give my kid away to one of these people. I’d rather it be you than them. I know this is a lot to ask of you, but please!”
Obie relaxes. “You wanna tell me anything about it, sweetheart?”
Tony smirks. “How’d you solve the icing problem?”
Tony goes back to Peter’s room with Jamie in tow for the one thing he’s been trying to do for the past hour. When he starts to wet the washcloth when he realizes that the water had grown cold. Tony sighs and gets up to make his way back down to the kitchen, grabbing Jamie as he was starting to make a fuss about his mother leaving him.
“Yeah. Or something big for 15 minutes.”
“Then there’s Peter. He’s 7, or actually 8 now. His birthday is on February 24. That would’ve been a little less than 2 weeks after I was taken. He’s an Omega, but I’m going to make damn sure he doesn’t grow up the way I did. I don’t care what the world says about Omegas, I’m going to
“Rhodey,” Tony starts.
That is why Steve secretly takes immense pleasure in the currents events. Mr. Bassett seems to be stuck,
Tony thinks as he fingers the chain around his neck. Soon, as his fingers glide across the stainless steel, he is met with a matching pair of gold rings, wedding rings. The Omega is instantly taken back to when the rings were given to him.
It is a Friday evening, so Nanny Clara is gone, seeing as with Tony back, she had weekends off again, though with school out she has much more work during the weekdays. Zeke is also home indefinitely.
As the man walks off a couple of feet away, the Alpha hisses, “What are you doing here?”
Pepper grimaces, “Obie didn’t want me to bring them, said it was too public. He didn’t want to pull them out of school either, but they should be out in 2 hours or so. Happy is going straight to pick up Zeke after dropping you off.”
Once he’s out the door, he’s speeding, to the car, in the car, and getting out of the car. He hands the valet his keys as he tries to get in and to Obie as quickly as possible. He throws quips at a handful of people that try to talk to him as he walks in. Then he spots Obie, who is chatting up someone Tony recognizes as someone Stark Industries is trying to snag as a possible investor.
Steve remains calm in the face of the old man yelling at him. “You know, I’ve heard him complaining about his packages going missing for months, even though they are supposed to be delivered to his door and he always gets picture updates of them at his door with every delivery. The landlord has said he is going to set up a camera system on all the floors, but it seems 5J couldn’t wait and set his own trap. You, Mr. Bassett, had no reason to come near 5J or pick up 5J’s package. You’ve been caught red-handed.”
Mr. Bassett lives in 5D, across from 5J and two doors down from Steve’s own 5A. Steve has seen the occupant of 5J around a handful of times, but he doesn’t know much about him (except the fact that he is extremely cute). Steve has, however, overheard the man of 5J complaining to the landlord about his packages going missing for months now. It seems that the man took matters into his own hands and that Mr. Bassett has fallen into his trap.
“What great acts of defiance might you be talking about exactly?” Tony scoffs. He’s been an obedient little Omega all his life. “And why should I do anything? They're going to kill me, you, either way. And if they don’t, I'll probably be dead in a week.” Tony’s lost track of time, but it’s been at least three weeks in captivity, and that’s just since he’s been conscious. He has slowly been starting to lose hope that he’ll ever make it home.
“He says, ‘Welcome, Tony Stane, the most famous mass murderer in the history of America,’” the other captive translates as the other Alpha speaks, “He is honored. He wants you to build the missile. The Jericho missile that you demonstrated.”
God, he missed him. “JARVIS,” Steve called out as he entered the Avengers Headquarters, “Where is the Tesseract kept?”
The line goes through. “Pepper!”
Tony flies off, hoping to make it in time. “JARVIS, How do you think the Mark I chest piece is going to hold up?”
“Deflect it and absorb it. Don’t transmit it back to me,” Tony says playfully. Peter and Harley giggle and their mother and aunt’s interaction. Tony plops in between the two and starts tickling them, making them giggle more.
Tony, however, cannot bring himself to fall asleep. Being surrounded by his children makes him think of the little bundle of cells currently nestled in his womb and the sire of said bundle of cells. He isn’t sure how he’s going to do this. How he is going to hide his unborn child’s parentage from his Alpha. Sure, in sleeping with the older man today he will be able to fib the due date to make him believe the child is his, but what about after they are born? There is no way that Tony will be able to pass off a child with South Asian features as the biological child of two white people.
When Pepper and Everhart make their way back, Everhart just walks out of the house without another word, and Pepper walks toward Tony in the living room. She promptly plucks Jamie out Tony’s hands. “Hey,” Tony complains jokingly, “Don’t take my baby.”
“Drive,” Obie commands before he presses the button that puts up the sound-proofing barrier (Tony’s own addition). As soon as it’s up, Obie grips Tony’s arm and twists it behind Tony’s back. It takes everything in Tony’s fragile state not to cry out. “What the fuck was that?” Obie asks harshly.
The man ignores Tony and gets closer to Yahya. He forces Yahya’s head down, though the other Alpha resists. “Do you think I’m a fool? Tell me
“Alright, alright,” Tony grumbles. He smacks a loud kiss on Jamie’s cheek, causing the baby to shriek in laughter, and heads towards his bedroom.
“Seven percent power.”
“Well, I’m glad,” the Air Force officer says softly, “that you had someone there. And that you had someone treat you right at least once in your life.”
“You can tell him I was sick, Momma,” Harley suggests all too casually, sitting opposite of Tony, his fingers unconsciously running up and down the length of his older brother’s calf. Tony’s heart constricts. He wishes he didn’t live in a world where his Alpha son offered to lie to his father about being sick because he understood that his father put him above his Omega and Beta siblings.
Tony turns to leave when the Beta woman stops him. “From Stane,” Everhart says, probably trying to sound sultry, “Won’t you join us?”
“What’s happened to Tony?” Janet yelled once more.
“He built a suit!”
“JARVIS,” Tony interrupts, “Sometimes you got to run before you can walk. Ready? In three, two, one”
Tony nods his head uneasily. He would rather Peter stay home one more day, but his son was so excited and he didn’t seem to be sick anymore. Pepper, who was still holding Jamie, notices Tony’s unease. She hands Jamie back over to him, Jamie automatically reaching out for his mother anyway.
“Way to go, babe! I’ll see you tomorrow. Love you.” With that, the Alpha hung up the phone. Obie really knew how to put on a show for an audience.
Pepper’s look of frustration is instantly transformed into one of mischievous elation. “I think it’s a fair example. I think it’s incredibly overpriced.”
“He’s dead,” a voice behind them announces. Tony and Pepper turn towards the voice. It’s the agent from whatever agency that approached him at the Firefighters’ Gala.
“Can I help, Momma?” Peter asks earnestly.
“That will be all, Miss Potts.” The PA turns and walks out of the workshop, though Tony didn’t notice the little device she had in hand as she did.
My favorite part was the very last line. I've known that's the way I was going to end this chapter since I started rewriting it.
Tony doesn’t notice it at first. He attributes the fatigue and dizziness to the lack of nourishment provided in captivity in a cave. He barely registers the beginning sensations of heat spreading through his body as a result of the blazing heat of Afghanistan during the day. Then a bout of dizziness has him stumbling into Yahya’s arms.
He starts flying back when he gets a call from Rhodey.
This was not his world, Steve was sure of it. But he was here now, so he was going to make the most of it. He trusted the power of the Tesseract, the power HYDRA fought for decades to acquire. This would lead him to Tony. He was sure of that too. So Steve did what he always did on a mission in an unknown location: gather intel. As his objective is to acquire Tony Stark, he went to go find as much about this world’s Tony Stark as possible.
The Alpha ignores him. “Do you understand me? Do as I do!”
The repulsors in the boots come to life. Tony has a wobbly start, but he soon gets the hang of it as he maneuvers his way out of the workshop and the garage. It’s absolutely exhilarating. Tony can’t help but let out a few whoops as if he was on a rollercoaster. A little boy on a Ferris wheel might’ve seen Tony, but that’s not the point. This was amazing; there was really nothing like it. And then of course Tony starts to get a little cocky.
“Put that over there. That is irrelevant.”
“Okay.” Pepper starts to reach into Tony’s chest cavity before immediately pulling back. “You know, I don’t think I’m qualified to do this.”
“I don't like it when you have plans,” Tony responds mock-seriously.
“Sorry I’m taking your boy away on your birthday,” Tony says cheekily.
“You never drive with the top down with the kids. You’re telling me you left your kids alone on a Saturday morning.”
The Alpha leader passes a photograph to the other Alpha, who shows it to Tony. “This one.”
Tony spies Pepper across the room, and figures that he has found an out. “Tell you what. You got it. You’re absolutely right. I”m just going to go to my assistant over there and we’ll make a date.”
“Okay, I’m going in now.”
Tony’s life goes on.
in his eyes, “this is a very important week for you isn’t it?”
Hesitantly and carefully, all three of his away children sat on Tony’s bed, only coming closer with the Omega’s insistence.
“Keep going! Higher!” Then the boots lose power and the rest of the suit follows, leaving Tony to descend to the ground screaming. “We iced up, JARVIS! Deploy flaps!”
It’s the first time Obie beats Tony black and blue.
“The 15-mile hike to the outskirts of Gulmira can only be described as a descent into hell, into a modern-day Heart of Darkness. Simple farmers and herders from peaceful villages have been driven from their homes, displaced from their lands by warlords emboldened by a new-found power. Villagers have been forced to take shelter in whatever crude dwellings they can find in the ruins of other villages, or here in the remnants of an old Soviet smelting plant.”
Chapter 1 Title is from Memories
“What I did is to save your life,” the Alpha gives Tony a wry smile, “I removed all the shrapnel I could, but there’s a lot left, and it’s headed into your atrial septum. Here, want to see? I have a souvenir. Take a look.” The Alpha tosses a tiny glass container to Tony. It has small metal fragments. Shrapnel.
Steve likes to think that he’s a nice person, a
“Well, that’s a hot spot. Sounds like someone stepped in and did your job for you, huh?”
“I need it. Buy it. Store it,” Tony says gleefully. He might be a
as he shakes his hands out. “And my shoes?” The Frenchman demands impatiently.
“Yeah?”
So they go to SI Malibu first to Obie’s press conference. There’s a crowd of people in front of the building that starts applauding as the car pulls up. Obie meets Tony right at the car, opening the door for the Omega and greeting him with a kiss, both passionate and performative. “We were supposed to meet at the hospital,” the Alpha says as he pulls away.
“Tell me clearly what’s happening here,” the Alpha continues in Urdu as he does something at the work station that Tony can’t see from where he is.
As Tony settles at the podium, Obie moves off to the side, standing where Pepper and Rhodey stood, the two Betas dutifully poised behind Tony in support of the Omega.
The bartender walks off to get his order ready when Tony hears a voice calling his attention next to him. “Dr. Stane”
Yahya is the best Alpha Tony has ever known in his life, save for Happy, and he sacrificed his life so that Tony could continue living. Tony wouldn’t give up. He
“No you wouldn’t. If I had been that drunk, I wouldn’t have been able to stand, much less give a lecture on integrated circuits.” Sure, let’s say it was because he was drunk and not because Obie beat him so hard, he cracked his skull.
“And I had to be the strong one for Peter, Harley, and Jamie. I know that we had Aunt Pepper and Uncle Happy, but they still had their own lives, especially Aunt Pepper who had to deal with SI stuff. I didn’t really have anyone to talk about it with. I didn’t have you, and a part of me thought I lost you forever.”
Of course he did. It’s quite literally the script that Obie gives Tony for the press. God, if Tony could say what he wanted without fear of what his Alpha would do to him or his kids…“Every night in front of the mirror before bedtime.”
“How did you know that?” Tony sputters.
Tony can’t keep quiet any longer. “What does he want?” he asks, knowingly exactly what the man wanted.
“Tony! Oh my God, are you okay?”
In a panic, Tony scrambles to feel up his chest, ignoring the tug of the IV attached to him. He sighs in relief. His arc reactor is still there, still covered.
“I don’t remember.” He actually doesn’t, which is surprising considering his eidetic memory.
“Tony you made it,” the redhead exclaims, “When you didn’t come in with Obie, I thought you weren’t coming.”
“That’s alright baby,” Tony coos, “This is grown-up work.” The six-year-old shrugs and turns back to his coloring book while Tony turns back to his personal assistant.
Tony turns his attention to the screen. “Tonight’s red-hot red carpet is right here at the Disney Concert Hall, where the Stanes’ third annual benefit for the Firefighter’s Family Fund has become the place to be for L.A.’s high society,” the TV announcer says.
Tony gives Zeke a mock wounded look and places a hand over his heart as Happy guffaws from the driver’s seat of the other car. “I am hurt. My eldest child has turned against me. I have nurtured you since you were but a babe, and this is the thanks I get. The job of a mother is truly a thankless one.”
Also, I lied about IM1 being done in 5 chapters. We are actually going to wrap it up the next chapter with a bit of post-movie stuff before we dive into IM2 in the chapter after that.
The elevator doors finally closed. “Going up to Office Floor 67. Sir is in Conference Room 38.” It seems that this JARVIS would also not like Steve. Again, Steve didn’t care.
Steve decided that he would go the direct approach. He would go to the Tower, straight up to Tony’s penthouse, or more likely rather Tony’s workshop. Either they would think he was Captain America and let him through because of that, or if Tony knows where the Steve Rogers of this world is, then Tony would simply let him in out of curiosity and to assess a possible threat. And if that doesn’t work, Steve has something of a risky trick up his sleeve.
“Oh, I see. So it’s personal?”
This is it. He has tried so hard to cling to life for his unborn child, for his family, for Yahya, for himself. But in the end, his efforts were useless. He was going to die anyway.
“We could’ve helped you, Momma” a small voice cries out from behind Tony.
need to do this, Rhodey. But I swear I’m trying to stay as safe as possible for my family. I love you, Rhodey.”
Then.
Zeke nods. There’s another moment of silence. This time Zeke breaks it, “Will you play with me? Daddy doesn’t play with me. He doesn’t like me. Says I shoulda been Alpha.”
“Icing problem?”
Steve finally has a name. This is progress.
“So,” Steve continues, desperately not wanting this conversation to end, “you ever figure out why Mr. Bassett was only stealing your packages.”
Pepper nodded in reluctant agreement. “Will that be all, From Stane?”
“Tony?” The boy finally says, “Will you come to my pre-K grajushun? Daddy doesn’t really come to things like that.”
“Okay, okay,” Rhodey soothes, “You know I have your back, Tony. No matter what. And we’re going to come back to the fact that terrorists have Stark weaponry when we get you home.”
“So?”
They nearly finish unpacking by the end of the day. There was a lot less than Tony thought. The only thing left was the stuff for Tony’s workshop, which he vehemently would not unpack around a small child. Zeke had really opened up by the end of the day too. He was chatting nonstop through dinner and his bath. It was as Tony gets the boy ready for bed that he becomes suspiciously quiet.
And with that, the Alpha drives away, leaving Tony standing in front of his home for the first time in months.
“Okay, okay.” Pepper reaches into the chest cavity once again. It’s a very odd sensation for Tony to feel someone’s hand in his chest.
Harley Keener Stane is born screaming at the top of his lungs on March 14, 2002, named after the motorcycle Tony and Rhodey have been slowly rebuilding unbeknownst to his husband, his own true piece of freedom away from Obie.
“I’m okay,” Tony reassures his sons, though not successfully.  His children continue to stand a foot or so away from him. “Just come here, would you?” The Omega demands in exasperation.
Tony crouches down as best as he could in his tuxedo and ruffles the young Alpha’s hair. “Yeah, I do, bub. This is a really important event, and it’s really weird that your Dad didn’t tell me about it, let alone bring me with him.”
“Of course, sir.”
“You know how the board is. I could just barely stop them from appointing a new head of R&D with you gone.” Obie taps on the metal of Tony’s arc reactor. “Let me have the engineers analyze this. You know, draw up some specs.”
What's your favorite part? Let me know in the comments.
“No? Tony, you have to go to to the hospital,” Pepper exclaims.
“I still use Ho Yinsen since, like my parents, it was the name I grew into professionally. But my family, my friends, and the rest of Gulmira know me as Yahya. Yahya Hadad Khan.”
Pepper waits patiently with her arms crossed over her chest. Tony sets to rushing the bots in their process, no longer complaining if they happen to tug too hard.
Tony’s memory finally catches up with him. He got out. They found him. He was going home.
“What? You said this was safe!” Pepper exclaims. The two children start to whimper, scared of the unknown of what was going on with their mother.
Tony Stark’s wedding day is, unfortunately, a grand affair. It was to be expected of the only Omega son of Howard Stark. There are hundreds and hundreds of guests ranging from Hollywood celebrities to royalty. The topmost politicians from around the world and Fortune 500 CEOs are all present. It’s also highly publicized, all networks from Fox News to TMZ being present. It will be the most popular celebrity wedding since the Royal Wedding of Princess Diana and Prince Charles. The world watches with bated breath.
“From Stane is a bonded Omega,” Rhodey interrupts, “And without Mr. Stane’s permission or presence, you cannot legally examine From Stane. So the papers please.”
“JARVIS! Come on we got to break the ice!” Tony reaches down and is able to deploy the flaps and break the ice manually. The power comes back on in the suit, and Tony is able to gain control again. He flies home, probably coming a lot closer to the highways and oncoming traffic than he should’ve.
choose to leave you like that.”
No one says anything at first, simply cuddling in silence. Slowly, Jamie, Harley, and Peter all fall asleep. Jamie was due for a nap anyway, and the other young boys were tired from a hectic day. Only Zeke and Tony are left awake.
Pepper nods. “I’ve got your back, Tony. Take care.”
Jarvis then brings out a chocolate cake with bright sparklers on top of it and no one speaks of it again.
Everhart looks surprised to see him, before her face shifts to look a bit ashamed and embarrassed. As she should be. “So,” she blurts out, “you have a son.”
Tony jumps out behind Obie. He latches onto the back of the suit and grips tight enough that the Alpha cannot shake him out. “This looks important,” Tony says as he rips out some wiring from behind the Alpha’s head.
So the two spend the rest of the day unpacking boxes, Zeke helping as much as the small 4-year-old boy could. Nanny Clara never really did come back, Tony decides to give her a call in the morning. At one point, Zeke drops and breaks a lamp that was a gift from the wife of some big insurance CEO, and Zeke instantly goes rigid. Again, Tony’s heart aches at the familiarity of it all. So Tony just whispers conspiratorially to the young Beta that he thought the lamp was ugly anyway (which he did), and Zeke visibly relaxed. Tony cleaned up the mess, and they went on with the day.
Obie guides Tony into the building and onto the podium of SI Malibu’s press room, a solid grip on his waist. “Look who’s here,” Obie says in a false-excited tone.
“Oh, there’s pus!” Pepper exclaims.
“That's a great line coming from the guy selling the sticks.” Tony stands outside of the bedroom door; he doesn’t want to do this in front of his kids.
“What’s wrong?”
Something explodes and the left side of the vehicle is riddled with holes from shrapnel. Tony’s ears are ringing.
CW/TW - attempted murder and murder/death
Obie lifts Tony’s chin up with his pointer finger. “Did you now, Omega?” The Alpha smirks. “You missed your April Heat. Must’ve had it in Afghanistan.” The touch of one finger becomes a grip between two. “Tell me, did you let anyone else touch you there?”
“I can see that. Look, all I want is a serious answer.”
Rhodey watches almost in awe as the suit forms around Tony. “Is there anything you need me to do?”
“Pepper, how big are your hands?”
Obie looks like he is about to say something before he sighs. “You’re right, I’m sorry. Listen, I think I got the board right where I want them, so take it slow, alright?”
~*~*~*~*~
Tony waits for Rhodey’s response with bated breath. Rhodey is his brother, but he is also an airman, a part of the United States military.
“Pepper!” Tony calls out.
“Nice try,” he hears behind him. Tony stretches out his arm, palm up before realizing he had already taken that gauntlet off.
be his father, had a similar look on his face. Tony’s breath hitches as he catches a glimpse of 4-year-old Zeke Stane at the front of the church, watching Tony curiously. He’s going to be that kid’s stepmother, Tony thinks as his heart rate increases. It was starting to finally feel real to him. He was going to get married.
“Peter,” Tony says as he walks in, “what are you doing up? You should be resting, baby. You’re sick.”
if we’re talking family in the traditional sense, I have 4 sons.”
“I’ve got your back, Tony. I’ll see you tomorrow, okay?
“Love you too, man. Take care, I mean it” With that, the call ends again. Tony had wanted to tell Thodey about Obie dealing under the table, but he needed a plan first. Hopefully, he had time for that later, right now he needed to get home to his kids.
“You and dad said you’re gonna have a baby,” Zeke says matter-of-factly, having grown out of “Daddy” in the past year but thankfully not “Momma.”
The Omega looks in surprise. “You got food from the diner in Brooklyn.”
Tony’s breath stutters for a moment. He
Tony can’t help but think. “Yeah, but they can test as early as a week. I went in for a regular checkup and I found out. I was surprised too,” Tony says, lying through his teeth.
“Really? What’s your Social Security number?”
“Where am I?” Tony wheezes.
This is the first fic I've posted on AO3, please be gentle.
“I’ve seen many wounds like that in my village. We call them the walking dead because it takes about a week for the barbs to reach the vital organs.”
“Yeah,” Tony says breathlessly, unsure of what else he could say.
“It’s just a game, never mind. Just gently lift the wire. Okay?”
Tony nods. “I’ll schmooze around for a bit. I’ll see you inside. We’ll get some couple photos for People or TMZ or something.”
Howard’s will is read by his lawyer to Jarvis, Obie, and Tony. Jarvis is given a small vacation home in England to retire in for his amazing service, as he rightly deserves. Obie gets nothing. It turns out Howard had yet to update his will since Tony got married. He is still the successor of Stark Industries. It didn’t matter so much in the short-term; Obie basically owns Tony, so anything that is Tony’s, Obie automatically has control over. In the long term, however, Obie would not be able to name a successor after his death if Tony is still alive; all properties would automatically be reinstated to Tony’s name. This was likely given the age difference and Tony’s genes given Howard. Obie is not happy. Tony doesn’t care.
“You’re the one who was kidnapped and imprisoned by terrorists,” Zeke rebuts, “We should be worrying about you. Not the other way around.”
“Where’s Pepper?” Tony asks instead.
“I know you haven’t gotten anything ready for Afghanistan yet. You might only be there for two days, but you still need a go-bag. And if you want to spend time with the kids before you go, you’re going to have to get that ready now before they wake up. I also have some things I need to discuss with you before you go.”
Tony almost sinks down in relief. “Thank God. Prep the suit.”
The doors are thrown open and a crowd of Alphas and Betas slowly walks in, all of them holding guns.
I didn’t want to leave you guys. I would
Tony’s arms tightened around Steve’s waist. Steve could easily slip out of it with his superior strength, but he wouldn’t. He wouldn’t hurt Tony like that. Not like this. “No you don’t,” Tony said sleepily.
“Oh, hey. Fancy seeing you here Carrie.” Tony tries to smile, but is sure it looks like a grimace.
As much as his brain allows him to in this situation, Tony thinks about the people he is holding out for, both in life and in his refusal to build these terrorists a weapon of mass destruction. He thinks of his family. He thinks of Pepper, Rhodey, and Happy, but most of all he thinks of his sons. He thinks of his strong Zeke, his sweet Peter, his mischievous Harley, and his adorable Jamie. Tony’s holding on for them.
“Well, yes, but I also want you to start looking into people and weapons orders and shipments in SI.”
“I did, several times,” the Beta says drily.
(See the end of the chapter for
It didn’t seem like the Steve Rogers and the Tony Stark of this world were romantically involved, unless it was hidden from the press, which doesn’t seem likely as it was reported that Tony had just gotten out of a long-term relationship with his CEO. Steve wasn’t so much relieved at this as he was just glad that there would be fewer obstacles between him and Tony, as he would have no qualms about eliminating the Steve Rogers of this world or anyone else to get to his Tony.
“Can I help?” Zeke says, staring at Tony with wide, sky blue eyes. Tony blames it on his Omega instincts, but he knew there was no way he would be able to say no to the young boy.
“You remember this one, right? It’s a shame the government didn’t approve it. There's so many applications for causing short-term paralysis.” Obie comes into Tony’s line of vision as he attaches a device to the arc reactor. “When I ordered the hit on you, I worried that I was killing the golden goose. But, you see, it was just fate that you survived that. You had one last golden egg to give.”
How was he supposed to live in a world without Tony Stark?
****This was totally self-indulgent. I understand Hindi/Urdu, so I made Tony understand it.
“I know. Listen, you’d better get out of there.” He’s almost there, just a little bit longer.
“Dad’s dead. That’s what you’re trying to tell us.”
, Boss. And come home safe.” Happy waves and drives off to do just as Tony asked.
(See the end of the chapter for
. (And Obie will never get to see this part of him, which gives him an extra bit of glee.)
, he hated praising Howard Stark.
“No is a complete answer,” Tony quips.
“We can talk From Stane,” one soldier says nervously.
put a finger on Zeke.)
Yinsen looks contemplative. “I only know of Zeke Stane. Your husband’s child from a previous marriage. But even then, that’s only in passing.”
The AI starts to protest. “Sir, there are still terabytes of calculations needed before an actual flight is—”
“Just do it!” At this point, Tony is hanging off the frame of the skylight with one hand.
A month or so into the program, Tony was starting to feel fatigued and achy. He attributes it to being not only a grad student but a househusband and mother as well. But then, October came, and with it did not come Tony’s Heat.
“What is this?” Tony points to his chest, though he partly understands what it is already.
Tony gets 3 more PhDs, one in Physics, one in Mechanical Engineering, and one in Artificial Intelligence (the first of its kind). He builds JARVIS (Just A Rather Very Intelligent System) in honor of his true father. Tony continues to build weapons for SI at the behest of his husband, lest he incurs his wrath, but also works on medical devices, computers, any sort of technological innovation, Tony Stane has for sure had a hand in it.
Tony tries not to let his smile go bitter. “That is an excellent question. Yes and no. We had a scheduling conflict with March, but fortunately, the Christmas cover was twins. Anything else?” Tony desperately wanted to move on from this topic.
Kudos and comments are appreciated! Let me know what your favorite part is in the comments!
Tony comes first with a shout, splattering all over his and Yahya’s chests. A few moments later the Alpha’s knot locks the two together as he releases into Tony. Yahya and Tony fall back onto the blanket and are left breathless. The heat of the moment dissipates, and Tony starts to feel embarrassed again, his cheeks heating up.
The chapter title is from
Steve chuckled. “Yes, I do. I have a mission.”
“I know what you can do,” Steve almost pleaded to the Tesseract, “I know the power you hold. Please bring me back to him. I just want him back.”
When Yahya said that had always been the plan, he truly meant it, Tony thinks.
That's all I have so far, but might add more information later as it comes to me.
“Anyway, it’s nothing. It’s just a little snag. There’s an exposed wire under this device.” Tony twists and pulls out the current arc reactor in his chest and hands it to Pepper. “And it’s contacting the socket wall and causing a little bit of a short.”
Steve has absolutely no tolerance for.
“Thank you. You've been called the da Vinci of our time. What do you say to that?”*
Tony starts a Ph.D. program in the fall after his first year of marriage. This time, Obie is hesitant in his permission, probably thinking of what Howard said that night. Nevertheless, he relents in the end, probably remembering that after Howard (who was pushing 80) either retires or dies, they would have to rely on Tony’s genius to keep the company going.
The way the Alpha said “protect” made Tony’s skin crawl. With the scene he’s caused here, Tony can only pray that his husband doesn’t go back to the mansion.
“You still haven’t told me where you’re from,” Tony says casually.
The Alpha seems to completely ignore Tony as he goes to tend the fire. Tony sits up and finds a mirror on the table beside the cot. He grabs it and immediately starts examining himself.
“What the hell did you do to me?” Tony says in disbelief.
Then, Zeke turns his attention to the small flat screen television they had in the dining room that currently served as background noise. “Mom, shouldn’t you be at that?” The teenage Beta asks.
“Captain I’m responsible of 70 people here, more than half of them seriously wounded” Stark began to explain
So I mean terribly sorry I couldn't post yesterday, it was a bit chaotic but her is the new one so enjoy!!
“My orders are to evacuate foreign nationals Doctor”
“Does a rich kid even know how to use a shovel?” Clint asked making them laugh harder, they got ready and went in the plane, it had its complications but surely Stark was dying to leave the forest and go to back to air conditioning and a comfortable bed, hell he was sure he wanted to go back home and sleep at least 48 hours…
“Why’d you turn that bird aroun’, the mission was clearly accomplished and over?” he asked making him frown because wasn’t he there listening to what Stark had said or felt, how Fury just blindsided them, lied to them even and they just let him. They follow orders right? complete the mission at the end of the day that was what they were mindless soldiers following orders without a single question asked; his hands were in tight fists anger boiling in his veins “was it because of what Stark said or what Fury didn’t?” he asked making him stop, the anger vanished making him shiver in cold “talk with me, Stevie, I’m with you either way, til’ the end of the line, you know that” Buck assured him, making him sag in relief and let loose the breath he didn't knew he was holding, looking at the steel blue eyes of his best friend he nodded in thanks; he knew his team wouldn't go against him, that they trusted him yet it was good to hear it once in a while.
“Captain, you want to tell me why the hell that bird was full of unwanted and unauthorized cargo and not your critical?” Fury’s voice exploded over the phone, he turn to look at Sam and mouthed Fury’s pissed, Sam shrugged and rolled his eyes, he smirked.
“Star one” he said
“Star one go!” He yelled over the gun fire.
“ok, here’s the deal” he began when the team was there next to him, he saw Tony and T’Challa sitting not far from them, he sighed and kept them on his line of vision “it’s been strongly suggested that we turn over T’Challa and abandon these refugees out here in the bush, I’ll tell you right now; I’m not going to do that, I cant do that” he said, Tony looked at him, his eyes searched his blues, he smiled “I broke my own rule” he said locking eyes with murky brown eyes “I started to give a fuck, started to care; it always the mission first and nothing else, now… now I care about someone else first” he confessed, the murky brown held his blue, he couldn’t hold the stare any longer so he looked at his team “and I brought you guys along with me, we’re about to walk into some serious shit, before we do, I’d just like to… I’d like to hear what you guys have to say about it, that’s all, speak freely” he said
“Thor, help the doctor get ready to move” he said and walked away “Widow, we better shorten those miles” he said on the com
“I don’t know if it was a good thing or not, feels like so long since I’ve done a good thing, the right thing” he confessed, Tony hand caressed his cheek sending goosebumps all over his body.
“Winter?”
“You didn’t know? you weren’t the only team he send to flight me out of Wakanda” Stark said sparing a glance at his team “when I denied the deal he wanted he pulled the SHIELD team that was with me in the city; I thought that was it, then he called a few hours prior your arrival at the camp, worried about my safety, I told him to fuck off, that the contract was no deal, but he insisted the call was just to verify I was safe still” Stark said, he frowned, Fury’s call was to make sure Stark was still there in the camp and had not move, why send the team so late in the evacuations when he could extract him first and why the hell would he pull out the team in the first place, to what, show him a lesson; to put Stark in danger deliberately?
“Doesn’t Stark has enough money for a private extraction team?” Clint asked.
The noise of something close made him snap awake, confusion and grogginess making him slow to notice Scott a few steps away from him, he stilled and made his brain reboot and focus, his hand unclenched from the knife on his thigh and his eyes found Scott's.
“Agent stop it, you are scaring him!” Tony's wine made Phil smile at the younger man in such affectionate way that he knew there was history between both of them, he gulped at the repercussions of that particular familiarity, Bucky snorted at them and let out a full body laugh, he tried to stifle his but couldn't help the smile that crossed his lips, Tony leaned comfortably and he held him tighter, he was hell bent in never to let go.
“Ringside seats to an ethnic cleansing” Thor said voice dark charged with wrath, Natasha passed him the binoculars, rebels along with Hydra soldiers were killing and maiming people, two soldiers dragged a man trough the ground, a woman screamed when they shot the man several times, then one of them dragged her too and shot her, blood quickly splashed in the ground, the dirt was soon turned in to bloody mud, a child no more that 10 was running away from soldiers and hid behind a car when they entered a cottage and screams were heard, then gun shots, the men exited the cottage and they set fire to the house, he kept looking at the child who didn’t move and just stayed hidden, waiting for the rebels and soldiers to leave.
“I told you, I don’t know, the only people who knew were in the mission” Tony said flinching away from him, he didn’t noticed that he was still holding his arm and was squeezing it tightly, tightly enough to leave and ugly bruise of the shape of his hand
“Lets go” he demanded to Stark, his eyes held surprise “let’s go Doctor” Stark walked away from him disappointment evident in his eyes
“Colonel Rhodes”
“Get to the point. Bucky” he said defensively
“report what is it?” he asked, he stood next to Stark who sighed in relief and put the now awake child in the ground, but still held her hands, the child waddled in wobbly legs but smiled at Stark, who smiled and encouraged her to keep walking
“You have to run. Do not stop till you hit the trees, go now!” he yelled, Tony nodded and did what was asked.
“Platypus, sugar plum, my handsomest best friend to ever handsome in this ridiculous world, I missed you, Carol said you were stationed on the helicarrier for another month” he reproached
“On sight” Nat said over the com, he gave the signal and Zippo guy fell with a bullet on his forehead, the others fell too, leaving the woman stunned and the man to run towards her and embrace her, they moved in unit, Buck at his back moved swiftly ready to strike long range, Bruce stayed at his left, gun up and focused anger in his eyes.
“Get those weapons out of my operating room, you’re frightening my staff, I’ll be with you when I’m done, now please, wait outside” Stark said, his whiskey colored eyes bright and flaming with controlled anger, the mask didn’t let him see the lower half of his face, but if he was honest his eyes told him everything he needed which left him out of sorts, Stark wasn’t leaping to leave this place at the mere mention of it.
“It's good to see you my friend Anthony” Thor voice boomed in the room, he smiled and waved at the gentle giant, Jane waved and smiled too.
“we lied, we used and forgo his love and respect for this people, to complete the mission” Natasaha said
“Valkire and Danvers, get ready we leave in 10” he said to the two fierce women, they nodded and ran to their post, their teams at their heels, he speed walked to his own team and began the prep, they were in the air in minutes, three helos behind them.
“Cap?” he asked concerned
“You lied to me!” he yelled pushing him the words were blades on his skin the desperation and hurt on his eyes salt on the wounds “you lied to me!” he screamed anguish and terror in his voice, eyes tearing up, his fist connected to his jaw making him stumble a few steps, he growled “you fucker!” Stark screamed in anger “I won’t go without them!” he yelled trying to run pass him, he caught him and manhandle him, he pick him up, while Stark kept yelling bloody murder at him, the screams for dr. Tony filled his ears and the wrecked yell that Stark let out broke something in him “They are going to die!” Stark yelled, he put him in the chopper
They walked for an hour more when they stopped to rest, just like before Stark helped the others and didn’t rest, Kamala was in the arms of the young male that helped him before, while Stark helped bandage the leg of a woman, he looked away from the scene and walk away from Stark and the others, he sat down in a rock and sighed, Stark was clearly tired but he kept pushing and helping, how wrong was him and his team to sub-estimate this man, who was doing whatever it took to help this people, how the magazines portrayed the man was just a lure a mask Stark portrayed; he heard him before he saw him
“We’re over 6 klicks to the pickup zone” Nat said looking at the map, he nodded
“listen to me! God damn it listen to me!” he yelled, clasping his hand on the man shoulder, making T’Challa to flinch away but look at his eyes, dark teary eyes focused on his “this man is dead. If you don’t want his death to be meaningless, it’s time for you to become a fucking man and get your people to Kenya. Now stand up and be the man I know you are meant to be, come on T’Challa!” he yelled at the crying man, there were a few seconds when T’Challa didn’t move he just stood there, then the change was evident, there was another kind of resolution in the man eyes “do you understand me?” he asked tone harsh
“Yes, sir” he answered contained anger in his tone.
“Winter” he said, making Buck look up and frown at seeing his face
“Are you sure?”
“SHIELD’s?” Thor asked before he could because that was unheard off no one used SHIELD for an outside job no less for a civilian.
“Don’t know yet, it’s supposed to be a surprise, but hope is a boy”
“How old is she?” Stark asked
“Fuck I didn’t saw it coming you know, I didn’t felt it at first and then…” Scott trailed, he nodded
“thank you” Stark said and leaped to hug him, his arms came to his neck and his face rested in the crook of his neck, he stilled not knowing what to do but still he enjoyed the warmth and the closeness, the soft touch and just for seconds he wished Stark never let go but the unimpressed look of Buck and Nat made him dislodge the embrace and looked at Stark, the man searched in his eyes and sighed when he couldn’t find what he was looking for and the light in his eyes dimmed he gulped away the knot on his throat
“I'm fine no internal bleeding, just scrapes that need stitches, stop worrying, Steve is the one with bullet holes on his body” Tony pointed out, he winced at Bucky's glare.
“It means, no indigenous personal
Thank you to CommanderStark for the tip in changing the Russian!
“My orders are to get you out of this country, now get in the helicopter!” he yelled anger flaring
“there could be more in the hooches” Sam said voice grave
“that’s right, 60 seconds, I suggest you use that time to find the priest” he said, he stared at him and his whiskey colored eyes held his blues searching for something, then he nodded and ran to the church.
“why?”
“I’m a corpsman”
“Dr Stark, were here to get you out, now I suggest you find the priest and the nuns and get your things, pack them up and get ready to move, this jungle is filling with Hydra soldiers and rebel troops and they’ll get to this mission and kill everything they’ll see including
“Hurry please” he asked, Stark nodded and went to the church
“No, anything but that” Nat said, he nodded, Phil was now next to Tony who nodded and gave Shuri a hug, Kamala firmly on his arms, they moved to the helos, Sam, Scott and Thor in one, Nat, Clint and Bruce in the other; Phil, Buck and him waited for Tony who was just about to get on with them.
“Natasha, its fine, come on; can you walk?” he asked, she nodded and Tony and him pulled her up “stay here” he said to Tony who nodded and lower down, he moved ahead
There is an age gap between Steve and Tony by ten years, Tony is younger so yeah, he still a genius Medic and engineer.
“How can they do this?” Buck asked voice low and filled with pain
“I’m sorry cap, I’m so much better that this” she said “he caught me sleeping, I’m so much better I promise”
“someone’s transmitting something” he growled, the fear changed to anger, he stood up “Winter, we got a rat in the nest, get them up, take their weapons away, we search everybody right now” he said on the com, Tony was already awake and helping the others to wake.
“Where is the priest?”
“Then we have a problem,
“Yes I’m sure, where is this coming from?” he asked
“I feel like we’re been watched” Tony’s soft whisper made him shiver but made him snap of the trance he was in he nodded and focused on his surroundings, Tony was right he felt even on him and not from his team.
“God had already leaved this lands” Thor said, making Buck and him nod, they walked away and he kept close to Stark, the bag the man carried was medium size a bit boxy and by the red marks he had on his neck and shoulder heavy, Wakanda was heavy on rain and heat making them sweat a lot and stay dry was a miracle on its own, but there was no complain from the doctor, he didn’t groaned or made faces as they kept walking, he noticed that Bruce and him talked, Stark with rushed words and quick gestures of his hands while Bruce smiled, nodded and replied in kind, he frown Bruce was hard to befriend he was quiet, reserved and claimed he wasn’t a people person, but apparently Stark was the exception to that rule, the others noted too; a woman holding a small girl no more than 5 years old and with a big bag on her other arm was struggling to continue, Stark noticed too, he changed his bag to his back and held the sleeping toddler in one arm and with his free hand helped the woman carry the bag, she smiled softly and kept walking, he followed them in silence, Stark talked in wakandan fluidly and sang with the kids, fretting over the wounded and sick while they walked, his team saw how invested Stark was with this people, he cared for them and in return they cared for him, at every smile and kind touch Stark shared  with this people was returned in favor, the knot in his stomach tighten even more, but a mission was a mission and he was hell vent in accomplish it
“God damnit Tony!” He cursed “They are hiding T’Challa Udaku, the prince of Wakanda, Tony mentioned something about that in his last call to me when he was still in the mission but I thought T’Challa left the place soon after” he explained to the confused faces of the others
“Come on let’s go! Let’s go!” he could hear Tony yell making his people stand and run with him, he didn’t dare turn to look at the man that stole his heart in mare days, he swore to protect him and that was what he was going to do, the adrenaline and resolution made him see more clearly and began to fire at the enemies, the deafening sound of semi-automatic guns, the smell of burned wood and gunpowder, the tick smoke and humidity of the air was making it difficult to take a deep breath, but his team was even more than just a team, they were a family and they were dead set in accomplishing this mission, a mission that started as just a boring and easy task, take the spoiled white doctor to American soil, yet it became so much more than that, it turned in friendship, of understanding how other people lived and suffered; in the injustice of it all and it teach him that he was more than just a soldier he was human too.
He has shucked off the armor, which is now buried somewhere under the desert of Afghanistan. He has a cloth over his head and shoulders to avoid the beaming sun coming in direct contact with as much of his skin as possible. Tony’s mouth is starting to get dry; he curses himself for not thinking to carry water in any way with him. He’s tired, more so than he’s ever been in his entire life.
Rhodey sighs. “You are constitutionally incapable of being responsible.”
Chapter 2 Title is from Ready to Go
Tony hesitates. He could lie right now. Just tell Yinsen about Zeke. But he found that he couldn’t bring himself to lie the way he has the last decade. And Tony trusts the Alpha. Yinsen has been the only solace in this godforsaken place. He wanted to tell the Alpha.
(As Zeke, Peter, and Harley all grow up, Harley doesn’t understand why their Dad doesn’t pay attention to or give as many toys to Zeke and Peter the way he does him. Harley always shares his toys with his older brothers and pesters his father to play with his siblings as well. Tony’s glad that Harley has yet to inherit Obie’s arrogant Alpha-ness and prays that he never does.)
“What do you mean?” Rhodey asks.
Commander Rogers and Iron Man have been fighting each other for almost a decade now, since near the beginning of the Avenger’s conception. Steve wasn’t quite sure how trying to kill each other became falling into bed with one another, but he was damn glad it did. It was the best thing that ever happened to him.
“What’s actually happening here?” The Alpha leader asks Yahya in Urdu.
“The doctor has to look at you.”
Tony doesn’t let Yahya get a word in as he continues, “We have to get up early to continue working tomorrow. Or else they’ll come crashing in to bother us. Good night.”
The elevator reached the 67th floor, and Steve marched towards Conference Room 38. Again, no one seemed to bat an eye at the supposed Avenger on their floor. Steve guessed that his alternate was a regular guest at the Tower.
“Power reduced to 19%” JARVIS informs the Omega. The Alpha woman steps on the gas, causing the car to fall and Tony to be pushed with it as the woman tries to speed off, until Tony lets go and allows the car to drive over him.
that is set right after Tony's disappearance in a mix of Pepper and Zeke's POVs. You can find said one-shot in the
The two captives wake up about a half-hour later. Yahya’s knot has deflated, but he was still inside Tony, causing the Omega to stutter in mortification, though the Alpha paid no mind.
“Don’t ever, ever, ever, ever ask me to do anything like that ever again.”
Things settle again a day or two after Tony’s Heat. At least until it doesn’t. The Alpha leader opens the little slot in the metal door to yell the command for the captives to put their hands behind their heads, and a dozen of them march in.
Steve was glad that this Stark Tower also had a side entrance for authorized personnel. Luckily, as he was “Captain America,” the light lit up green after both pressing his hand to the scanning touchscreen on the side of the building and lowering himself to be level with the eye-scanning laser.
In one swift go, the Alpha rips out the arc reactor. Tony can immediately feel the loss. “I did love you, you know? You were a good Omega, one that I always deserved. You listened to everything I said and did everything I told you, even if sometimes you just needed a little encouragement. You were a good mother. Sure, you gave me a handful of defectives, but you got it right once. You gave me an Alpha son. Oh, and you were a good fuck. I loved having you under me, vulnerable. You’re so pretty when you’re all laid down and adorned in the bruises I’ve put onto your skin. I think I’ll miss that the most.”
“Hey honey, sorry I’m late,” Tony says as he approaches Obie, leaning up to peck the Alpha on the lips. There was no way Obie could get mad and make a scene now; Tony has made his appearance intentional now. “You know how Zeke is on the weekends.”
person, so on principle, he tries not to really hate anyone. He hates conceptual figures like white supremacists and extreme right-wing politicians, but not people in his life that are real to him.
Happy Hogan gets the job as Tony’s bodyguard/chauffeur after Tony finds Happy entertaining the wandering 8-year-old Tony was frantically searching as he patiently waited for his job interview.
“Duly noted. Take me to maximum altitude.” Tony has an idea.
Pepper starts blurting out rapid-fire questions. “You’re pregnant? When did you have sex with Obie? You came home three weeks ago, and I know he didn’t come home with you. Oh my god, did you have sex with him on the car ride here?”
When Tony gets there, Harley is fast asleep on his brother’s bed. Great. He would have to wake the boy up, seeing as he couldn’t carry both Harley and Jamie at once. It was times like this Tony wishes Nanny Clara was a stay-at-home nanny. “Harley,” Tony speaks softly, “honey, you can’t sleep here. You have to go to your own room.” The young Alpha lifts his head up sleepily, nods once, and slowly rolls off his brother’s bed. Tony takes his hand and guides his son into his own room and his own bed. He sets Jamie on the bed in order to tuck Harley in and presses a long kiss to his forehead.
“What do you mean, ‘Operation’?” Pepper asks incredulously.
“Happy, drive. Cheeseburger first. Let’s get takeout from the diner in Brooklyn that all the boys love. I’ve got to make up somehow for missing almost all of their birthdays.”
Tony nods, knowing that if he spoke out of turn things would get ugly. Obie lets him go. “Good. Now, I’m going back to sleep. I didn’t exactly get much last night,” Obie smirked. Tony has to stop himself from rolling his eyes. The man was bragging about his adulterous activities as if he was with his golfing buddies instead of the spouse he was cheating on.
That seems to be all Zeke needs to hear, as the adolescent Beta takes off towards the Omega, similarly to his younger brothers. “Momma, you’re home!” Zeke wails as he throws himself towards the Omega, “You’re finally home!” Tony’s chest becomes tight; Zeke hasn’t called him Momma in years.
“Alright, I’ll leave you to your cartoons. I need to talk to your Aunt Pepper for a minute anyway.”
Conference Room 38 was encased in glass, as all the rooms in the Tower were, but unlike many of the rooms in the Tower, the glass was seemingly fogged up. It must be an important meeting. Steve barged in anyway.
Samantha took pity on Tony and turned the Major’s attention over to her, asking about his work. Rhodey immediately turns his ramblings toward the flight attendant. Tony was finally able to escape and join the flight attendants in their activities.
Alpha/Beta/Omega is actually primary sex, while Male/Female is secondary sex as A/B/O determines reproduction and stuff while M/F is more secondary sex characteristics.
Tony thinks about his unborn child. These are his unborn child’s people. They could have family here. This town is a part of their roots, and the Ten Rings are completely tearing it apart.
Zeke looks down at his plate, shuffling pieces of pasta around the plate. “Nanny Clara says that you’re not going to be around as much. That the baby is actually
“Mama,” the toddler screeches out happily, reaching his arms out to be held.
Must be teething. Tony grabs one of Jamie’s teething rings out of a drawer and gives it to the toddler who automatically puts it in his mouth. Then, Tony shifts Jamie onto his hip and the Omega & son duo make their way to Peter’s bedroom.
All sexes are intersex in some way, except for Alpha Males and Omega Females. Alpha Males only have a penis, while Omega Females only have a vagina/vulva. Alpha Females and Beta Females both have a vulva whose clit enlarges to act like an erect penis and a vagina. Beta Males and Omega Males both have a penis and a vaginal-like opening in the area of their perineum.
“Tony,” Steve whispered, not really wanting to wake his lover up but knowing he had no other choice, “Tony, you have to let me up. I have to go.”
As if the Alpha had read his mind, Yahya says, “You didn’t speak about your husband, Obadiah Stane.” It was both a question and a statement.
“But what could it generate?” Yinsen asks curiously.
Pepper is obviously unconvinced. “Sure. I have something for you, by the way.” The redhead hands him a wrapped box it seems. When he rips open the wrapping, he pulls out a glass box that holds the old arc reactor. The metal casing is engraved, “PROOF THAT TONY STARK HAS A HEART.”
Steve stood outside the oddly-shaped building for a moment, nearly shaking with expectation. This was it. He was finally going to see Tony again, alive. It had been barely a day since Steve Rogers saw a healthy, living Tony Stark. But still, it was too long. And now he was going to see him again. So he took a deep breath and headed towards his destination.
“Good roll, good roll,” Yinsen says as Tony passes him the dice.
When Steve could finally see again, he immediately noticed the change in his surroundings. He was in an alley in the middle of Manhattan, a couple of hundred miles from the middle-of-nowhere, upstate New York the Avengers Headquarters was located, but it was more than just the change in location that confused Steve. The Manhattan that he was in did not match the Manhattan that Steve remembered.
“Nope!”
“Just because I brought pizza back from New York doesn’t mean it went bad.”
If there’s one thing Tony actually likes about these trips, it’s
“Zeke and JARVIS can handle the little ones for thirty minutes, Rhodey,” the Omega drawls, “I’m just grabbing ingredients for surprise blueberry pancakes.”
Rhodey shakes his head in exasperation. “Tony.”
Obie knocks him off his feet and grabs onto him. “JARVIS,” Tony gasps, “Weapons status?”
“Yeah it does,” Tony agrees. “The copper wire. The copper wire, you got it?”
playing on the radio, the ride is silent. “I feel like you’re driving me to a court-martial. This is crazy. What did I do?” Tony rambles, “I feel like you’re going to pull over and snd snuff me. What, you’re not allowed to talk? Hey, Forrest!”
“Did Obie…” Tony trails off. Tony doesn’t know what he expects, what he wants.
“Yeah, sure,” the Omega says weakly, not knowing what else he should say. His hand flies to his stomach as the thought comes to him. “Is my baby okay?” Tony asks almost frantically.
Hopefully, Steve can finally have a conversation with the mesmerizing man.
By getting married today, Tony Stark will essentially be handing over his entire autonomy to his Alpha. His Alpha will have to give him permission to get a job, to be on certain medications, to buy certain items. Tony Stark is signing away his freedom today, not that he had any to begin with. And he was ready.
“Copy that” Buck responded and began to hurry the other people, Stark stayed behind so he had to move to him, just to see how one of the women flinched away from Bucky's touch, making Bucky recoil in shock, Stark got nearer Bucky, walking by his side when they started moving.
“demand immediate extraction, for my team and the refugees were only 2 miles from the pickup” he explained, Coulson sighed making the line crackle
“Go to the Kenya border through the North Horr passage, anything else?” Fury asked there were no more questions, he nodded and looked at Fury when his eye went to him “very well, dismissed” Fury said leaving the room and he followed him just outside “Rogers, be careful I just received notification that the hole royal family had been assassinated; it will be more dangerous for you and the team, Stark is not only the rich white son of this organization founder,  he is a medic but also the brain engineer of Stark Industries and the one who had made and supplied your entire gear and weaponry so Shield and the United States are very aware of the importance of this man to get to American soil” Fury said, he nodded.
“Wakanda ngonaphakade” she repeated, his brother nodded and hugged her one last time, he pulled them away and the helicopter raised, he sighed and they began the walk to the secondary pickup zone near the Kenya border, after a few hours of walking in the noon heat, the rain started, heavy and cold, the trail began to become more slippery and difficult, the uneven terrain, mud and heavy rain had been putting a strain in the others, Stark as always fret over everyone else, now that his arms were child free he was free to help even more, he sighed and stayed behind to watch their backs, now Thor and Nat on front, while Clint, Scott, Bruce and Sam stayed in the middle, Buck by his side. They walked in silence under the heavy rain, he didn’t know what was worst: the rain or the heat, both were draining his energy far too quickly, he sighed, he didn’t knew if this truly was the right call for him to make, after all they coming back is putting his team in danger when they had completed the mission, but it felt wrong to leave them, to let them to just die in the jungle.
“Auch! Green isn't good in Rogers either” Rhodey voice made him spin and launch himself to his best friend who was now accustomed to the hugs and openly public displays of love from him that didn't bat and eye to his clinging tendencies, after all it has been three months since he has seen him
“Buck!” he yelled making Bucky grab Stark and pull him away from the helicopter door, he flopped in the floor and looked at his team, they saw it too and just like him, they felt the pain Stark was feeling, the anguish and guilt, he searched Stark eyes, those whiskey colored eyes, that were now a murky color, red and puffy, the anger he thought he would find on those expressive eyes was not there, instead there was just a blank stare, dead; no walls up to hide behind, he recoiled and bumped in to Bruce’s knee, Stark moved to sit next to the open window, eyes closed and tears falling freely no sound escape his mouth, he looked away from Stark, he had just completed the mission what did he care about a rich kid opinion?, the mere though made him feel lost and gutted.
“This two” he said next, he looked at the two males, they were the ones that helped Tony all the way from the mission, with Kamala, hell M’Baku even saved his life, Sam and Thor made them kneel.
“Did our nice doctor just coerced our director to do his binding?” Thor asked impressed next to him, he nodded stunned and weirdly proud.
“Come on Steve, up you go!” Tony yelled, with help of T’Challa they helped him up, Tony was bleeding but refused to be stopped by that, his team was not far from them they made a line of fire for them to ran towards the border; that is when he heard the grunt of pain from Sam and Thor, he turned back and let go of T’Challa and Tony, he ran back.
“you know what? She could also be armed, get back there with the others, go on!” he ordered pushing Tony away, Tony stumbled and fell hard, his eyes widen in fear, hurt and shock he growled and marched towards the woman on the ground.
to run into you again.” With that, Tony enters his apartment, leaving Steve alone in the hallway, grinning.
Tony breaks first. “Happy Birthday Peps,” he says, hugging the Beta woman he considers a sister.
have noticed). For once, Steve was glad for the insanity of New York City, one that allowed for insanely popular public figures to just exist without anyone blinking an eye.
“Override alpha-pizza-theta-Tesla-Jones. Tell me where the Tesseract is,” Steve nearly screamed, a dangerous undertone to his voice. Steve had known keeping a close ear while Tony spoke to JARVIS would be of use to him someday. Nothing would stop Steve from getting Tony back, not even Tony’s own creation.
“Doesn't it kind of defeat the whole purpose of having your own plane if it departs before you arrive?”
“Is Dad mad because the baby is like me?” Zeke asks curiously.
“It’s Ms. And I hope you can take time out of your busy schedule to answer some questions,” bitterness dripping from the words of the woman. Tony notes that she very obviously skirts around the issue of how she got his immediate, personal contact information.
Yinsen carefully takes the electromagnet out of the casing and sets it aside. He has a couple of minutes now to make the switch. The Alpha takes the glowing white device and places it in the cavity in Tony’s chest, attaching all the necessary wires. He steps back and it’s done.
“And a lot of people would also call that war profiteering.” So would Tony.
“Uh,” Tony hesitates, “Nanny Clara is right. Where is Nanny Clara by the way?”
Tony faintly hears the organ start to play
. Tony has had a bit of sake to go with the sashimi and two glasses of champagne. While he wanted to drink, Tony knew as someone who has only had alcohol a handful of times due to the restrictions placed on him, he would not be able to handle much more.
Urdu. They’re speaking in Urdu. Tony knows Urdu. He tries to listen, to understand, but there’s
Obie stays unaffected. “This is how we do business.”
“Is that the dress?” Tony asks, switching the topic.
“With only 15% power, the odds of reaching that…”
“Good God, you’re a woman,” Tony says astonished. Tony already knew she was Beta, having picked this transport specifically because none of the soldiers were Alphas, but he had no idea one of them was a Beta woman. A Beta woman in the military is not exactly few and far between, but it is unexpected; most people in service are Alphas and Beta men. (You’ll get an Omega soldier once in a lifetime. It isn't illegal per se, but Alphas usually don't want to give their Omega permission to go into active combat, and they are never taken seriously.) Tony was impressed. “I honestly... I couldn't have called that. I mean, I'd apologize, but isn't that what we're going for here? I thought of you as a soldier first.”
“Repulsors offline. Missiles offline.”
Obie continues smiling. “Let’s take a picture. I think People is here.” The Alpha drops his voice lower so that only Tony could hear and continues, “Who do you think locked you out? I was the one who filed the injunction against you. It was the only way I could protect you.” Then, he stalked off and left the gala in a car waiting for him at the end of the red carpet, without Tony.
“Hey,” Tony screams out, “Hey!” The helicopter lands a couple of dozen meters in front of him. He falls onto his knees at the weight of his relief, his hand reached out toward the sky.
Zeke is quiet, understanding why his father shows so much more love this unborn child than he ever has to Zeke or Peter. Peter is too young to understand, but not too young to notice.
“Okay, now make sure that when you pull it out you don’t pull out the magnet at the end of it.” But Tony is a bit too late in his warning. “That was it. You just pulled it out!”
“On your knees,” the Ten Rings leader orders. One of the men grabs Yahya’s arm and forces him down.
After sending one last glance Tony’s way, Steve turned around and sauntered out of the room and out of the house, knowing what he had to do next.
Tony’s heart aches for the loss of the sire of his unborn child at the mention of the Alpha's hometown. He flips through the pictures. “When were these taken?”
to be Pepper’s boss.
“A vodka martini, you know how I like it. And I shouldn’t have to remind you to keep your condition in mind.”
“Much time has passed,” the man says as he walks toward Yahya, “Where is the weapon?”
*Omegas miss 4 Heat cycles immediately after a pregnancy that goes full term. One can get pregnant outside of a Heat; Heats and Ruts are just periods of higher fertility for Omegas and Alpha, respectively. If an Omega’s Heat and an Alpha’s Rut align, there is 99% guarantee of conception (unless the Omega is on birth control, but the effect of the birth control is weakened from 97% prevention to 63%).
“Make sure you wait until I clear the roof. I’ll buy you some time.”
“Yes, it’s very cool.” They pose for the picture, and Tony rambles, not even really understanding himself what he is saying, but the young soldier seems to take a bit to heart.
“After all these years, Stane still has you picking up the dry cleaning.” Of course, Everhart would take
“From the time that I have to introduce myself when I’m calling you. What in the hell is that noise?”
“Yeah,” Harley piped in, “It’s not your fault, Momma. You didn’t want to leave us, right?”
“Relax,” the Alpha says to Tony. Tony slowly and hesitantly lowers his arms.
“Yeah, vacation’s over,” Tony continues to joke. Tony pulls Pepper into a hug first, and then Happy, both squeezing him long and hard.
“As soon as I have something more concrete, you will be the first person to know, I swear it.”
“Your Jericho.”
Tony plops down onto the couch and grabs a slice of pizza. “Sure it doesn’t.”
“Climb!”
this fic is in. I remember someone commented asking for everyone's feelings on Tony being gone, and they must be psychic cuz I was in the middle of writing this one-shot when I saw that.
“Take care of the boys,” Tony says to Happy as they arrive at the airfield.
Tony smiles. “Like it was yesterday. One of the best days of my life, tied for first with the births of all your brothers.”
This is his life now.
Steve nods, hopefully not too eagerly. “What is it?”
give up.
“You’re going to do it,” the Omega explains to the Beta, “Go to the central console, open up all the circuits. When I get clear of the roof, I’ll let you know. You’re going to hit the master bypass button. It’s going to fry everything up here.”
“Flatten them out and look,” Tony says as he demonstrates. The flattened out papers on top of the light align all the different parts of the project on separate pieces of paper. You could see the envisioned final product.
“Okay, fine,” the Alpha concedes, “But I need something to give these guys, Tony. Give me a bone to throw them.”
“Tell me,” Tony spits viciously, just wanting the conversation to end so he could tend to his son, “do you plan to report on the millions we've saved by advancing medical technology or kept from starvation with our Intelli-Crops? All those breakthroughs, military funding, honey. That’s all the time I’ve got for you.” Tony hangs up, abruptly, definitely not endearing himself to the woman any more than he had throughout the call.
Pepper sighs and concedes. “Okay, okay. Just try to keep these missions few and far between while you’re pregnant.”
So Tony lays back and lets Yinsen do his work. However, the Alpha looming above him is far too reminiscent of another Alpha. Tony starts to breathe heavier but tries to remind his brain that this is not Obie and that Yinsen is not like Obie. Even though he is an Alpha, he is kind and patient. As if to prove his point, the Alpha notices his distress (though probably without knowing the true reason for it) and gives his shoulder a squeeze of encouragement and sends him a reassuring smile. Yinsen was not Obie.
“I feel a lot better today, Momma,” Peter smiles as he ate another spoonful of cereal.
When Tony comes to, he’s in a sterile white room laying on a cot that was definitely not the one in the cave. He looks to his right and sees Rhodey asleep with his hands folded in his lap and his head lolled off to the side on a chair next to Tony’s cot. That didn’t look comfortable.
comes home for leave for more than just a week or two. He’s home for at least a year, and Tony couldn’t be more grateful.
. Don’t let anyone tell you otherwise.”
JARVIS is running, fabricating, and painting Mark II, which will take the rest of the night. Tony takes the time to spend some time with his babies.
wanted to join them.
Zeke pulls away first and immediately as though he’d been struck by lightning. Happy takes the chance to give the baby Beta to the Omega, Jamie already reaching out so far he was nearly out of Happy’s grasp. Tony immediately takes his toddler son, peppering kisses on the little boy’s face. “Oh my god, Happy’s right! You need food, Mom!” Zeke exclaims.
“I really regret having to do this. If it weren’t for that new law that’s about to be passed in California that would give you control of all your assets, including the company, then I wouldn’t. It’s already in place in New York too. I wish you could’ve given me another Alpha or two before I had to do this. There’s nothing that can be done for that now.”
“Put them down.”
“Me too, Rhodey, me too.”
Yes this chapter title is (part) of a Panic! At The Disco lyric. All the chapters will be unless I'm hard-pressed to find something that doesn't fit, which why would there be? There's a whole bunch of crazy shit it P!ATD songs.
“I do anything and everything that
“Okay, well can you please tell Nanny Clara that I would like to know when she leaves you. In fact, why don’t you tell her to see me when she comes back.”
“I have you for that.”
As if on cue, Pepper strides in confidently in a pantsuit with a dry-cleaning bag. Pepper doesn’t even wait for Everhart to fully realize her presence, “I've got your clothes here. They've been dry-cleaned and pressed, and there's a car waiting for you outside that will take you anywhere you'd like to go.”
Tony can hear giggling coming from the other side of the workshop. It’s Peter. Though it has been three weeks since he came back, the young ones like to spend as much time in the workshop as possible. The only reason the others weren’t here was because Zeke was back in school and the youngest two were down for a nap.
“What? That’s bullshit!”
“Not in all circles,” the man says sincerely, “Agent Coulson.”
He blacks out.
~*~*~*~*~
If it was just that, perhaps Steve could’ve probably tolerated the man. Steve can understand being patriotic when you’re far from home and he himself agrees with a few (a
Obie drawls, “Why don’t you take care of that now while I head upstairs?” Obie (surprisingly) places a small kiss atop Jamie’s head and starts to walk off when he turns back and adds, “And Omega, we’re going to talk about the stunt you pulled today.”
“Harley’s next. He’s 5, or he might be 6 now. His birthday is on March 14. I got pregnant with him the first Heat I had after Peter.* He’s an Alpha. I got to make sure that he doesn’t get a big head about being an Alpha like most do, no offense. He’s my adorably mischievous one. Peter is usually sweet until he gets pulled into anything with his little brother. The older he gets the more trouble he makes. I love him though. My little rascal.”
That Tony can do easily. “Well, I have three close friends that I consider family for one. There’s Rhodey. He’s been my best friend since MIT. He saw a small 15-year-old Omega and decided to take him under his wing. I’m grateful for that all the time. Then there’s Pepper. She’s technically my PA, but she’s so much more than that. I’ve known her for about six years, but it feels like so much longer. It’s the same way with Happy, who’s my bodyguard and the best Alpha I know. I love them all so much.
“Is that,” Obie starts to ask as he looks closer and runs his fingers on the metal device, “an arc reactor? A miniaturized arc reactor?”
He grabbed the extraterrestrial object, and for a second he was unsure of what to do. How was he supposed to use this? He knew that this was the only thing that could possibly help bring Tony back into his life, but how? Steve did the only he could do possibly do in his desperation.
There is a beat of silence before Tony speaks tentatively, “Hi.”
Obie grabs Tony’s forearm, spins him around, and slams him against the dresser. Tony could feel the bruises start to form on his lower back. “Don’t you ever,” Obie growls, “make me look that stupid ever again. I don’t care if the kid was
Everyone has bonding glands by which biting it (usually during sex) creates a bond. These bonding bites fade over time. In order to create long-lasting bonds, bonding bites need to be refreshed. This is traditionally during Heat for Omegas and Rut for Alphas, but can be done whenever, as done by Betas. Bonding glands are located on the junction between the neck and shoulder for Alphas, on the junction between the underside of the chin and neck for Betas, and on the back of the neck near the upper back for Omegas. Touching a bonding gland without permission is paramount to sexual assault, but like in real life, people get away with it a lot with Omegas, and Alphas tend not to even report it due to societal pressures. Due to the placement of glands in Betas, they are the most likely to have their case prosecuted.
Knowing how recognizable he was due to his counterpart being a famous public figure, Steve couldn’t exactly walk around the streets of Manhattan, and especially not the subway, undetected. It was a miracle that he hadn’t gotten recognized already, and he had no idea how that was the case. The last thing he needed was the Internet blowing up with “Steve Rogers spotted in the Upper East Side,” alerting either Tony or Captain America and the Avengers to his presence before Steve made his way to the Tower.
Zeke nods and tucks his head into the crook of Tony’s neck. Tony then runs his hand through Zeke’s hair until the adolescent Beta slowly falls asleep, the last of his children to do so.
“Pep, it’s not what you think,” Tony starts, “I’m actually four weeks pregnant.” Pepper’s face shifts into a look of horror before Tony jumps to explain himself. “It’s not what you think now either. I told Rhodey this when we found out at the hospital in Turkey. I went into Heat in Afghanistan. There was another captive, an Alpha, who helped me through it. His name was Yahya, and he died when we were trying to escape. I slept with Obie as soon as I got here so that for nine months he’ll at least have no clue, but I don’t know what I’ll do when this baby is born.”
They have dinner together the few days that they are together, usually with Zeke as well. Obie asks about Tony’s projects, hoping to prod out something that may be useful to the business. Tony asks about SI to keep the conversation from an awkward silence. Zeke stays quiet, his father never addressing him. Tony tries to talk about things he and Zeke do, but that’s usually met with a noncommittal hum, and Tony later stops trying.
Steve had “landed” behind a building on E 84th Street and 3rd Avenue, an alley Steve knew quite intimately. It was where Tony’s favorite bakery was located, where Steve would pick up Tony’s favorite sweets (lemon raspberry cookies and red velvet cupcakes) to butter his lover up after a particularly bad fight about Steve’s situation. It was an alley where they would have quick and dirty sex after the Commander had encounters with the Avengers, that was if Tony could slip away from his teammates.
The pregnancy progresses. Obie stops coming home often (which is fine by Tony).
“And,” he starts with exaggerated stress on the word as he pulls out a little eyedropper box, “I also made a solvent that can get rid of the glue. Unless you have anything else to say?”
I’m sure everyone is glad that someone finally knocked Mr. Bassett down a peg or two.”
bit unhinged with his spending lately, but he couldn’t help himself. After the Independent Finances for Omegas Act was put into law in states like New York and California, Tony was finally able to have his own bank accounts, his own debit cards, and his own credit cards. He is finally in control of his own money. He no longer needs Alpha authorization to buy anything, not something as overly priced as Pollock or something as insignificant as toothpaste. It’s only been a few months, but Tony has been (rightfully) going wild. (Pepper and Rhodey have been delighted to instigate Tony’s expenditures.)
Dr. Begum wraps the stethoscope around her neck as she finishes checking the Omega up. “Everything looks fine. You and the baby are both in good condition. But maybe stay away from things that will blow you for the next nine months.”
One day, they don’t shove his face into the tank of water. Instead, the shove a sack over his head and drag him out of the cave. Or at least that’s what Tony thinks they’re doing since he can sense the change in light through the bag. That, however, isn’t any help in adjusting to the brightness of the sun that feels as though it nearly blinds him as they rip the bag off his head. Tony notices that they brought the other captive out with him.
“Then there’s nothing to make up for,” Zeke says firmly.
He blacks out again.
Tony gets pregnant once more a couple of years down the line, and the beautiful Beta boy James Edwin Stane is born on December 02, 2005, named after two of the most important Betas in Tony’s life. Rhodey’s there for the birth and tears up at that. Tony likes to this Jarvis would’ve as well.
It takes a couple of days. But he finally finishes. Well, he finishes the first part. As Tony puts a couple of last touches on the device, it glows a bright white color, illuminating his and Yinsen’s faces.
“Well, no one told you to come
“I knew that. Already?”
“Obie called for a press conference. It would’ve been right after your visit to the hospital, but since you refuse to go, well…”
Zeke smiles shyly. “Yeah, just…I know Dad treats you like shit. But I’m glad you’re my mom, even though that ties you to him.”
No matter all the awful things Obie has done to Tony this past decade, Tony still does not want to kill Obie. He is still Tony’s Alpha. He still gave Tony four beautiful children. But this is what has to be done.
Steve raises his hands in mock-surrender. “Hey, I’m not complaining. No one on this floor, or even in this building, would blame you for the measures you took. It’s better than what I would’ve done.”
Tony hides behind a crate. He runs through all his options. He doesn’t have many. He has to go to his last resort. “Pepper?” Tony asks into the comm again.
It took a few minutes before the two young Stark kids calmed down, but when they did, Tony decided to abandon all his current work and join them in the play area. He would put everything on hold for his children.
Yahya pulls out of Tony and cleans the two of them off with a wet rag. They quickly put their clothes back on and make a show of working for the cameras, or at least as much as Tony is able to, as the Heat leaves him more fatigued than usual.
“Yeah, well, we’ve got a weapons depot that was just blown up a few clicks from where you were being held captive.”
Obie installed poles and hired beautiful women for his amusement, but whenever Tony uses the plane on his own, he takes advantage of it, if only out of spite. He lets the girls let their hair down (literally, that updo hurts like a bitch and cannot be good for their scalps) and just hang out. Obie may objectify these women and make them dance for him, but Tony has made friends with them and likes to dance
Tony chuckles and shakes his head. “Nah, the proof is there.” He points to his kids where it seems that Zeke is reenacting some sort of story for the younger ones.
He finds Obie laying face down on their bed, completely knocked out. Tony avoids making any noise that would wake his husband up, not wanting to deal with however Obie would react to last night. He quickly gets his go-bag packed and Obie stays asleep. However, when Tony looks into the mirror after putting on lotion and sunscreen, he can see his Alpha looming over his shoulder.
“I wouldn’t exactly say I’m stupid,” 5J’s resident replies easily, “
“It’s good to have you back, Boss,” Happy says as pulls backs.
“Me too,” Harley adds.
That was Afghanistan. My favorite part was the progression of Tony and Yahya's (Yinsen) relationship. Peep the many comparisons made with Obie.
Life goes on.
Rhodey isn’t able to respond before Tony is spotted. The jet he is on tries to shake him off, and in trying to get back into flight, Tony smacks into and breaks off a huge chunk of the jet. The pilot is ejected, but there is no chute. Tony can’t let that person fall to his death, not when it’s his fault. So he follows them in their descent and hopes that he can catch up before they hit the ground. The Omega can hear Rhodey unsuccessfully try to call off the target on his back. Tony is able to reach the pilot in the nick of time and manually forces the parachute out. He can hear cheering on Rhodey’s end of the line.
The first thing that Steve must do to start earning Tony’s trust is to be completely honest with Tony. It was a risk, but a calculated one. It was unlikely that the Tony Stark of this world would like the fact that Steve was a HYDRA asset anymore than the Tony Stark of his world did. In fact, Tony wouldn’t trust him at first. He would probably lock Steve up, given the immense threat that a Steve Rogers controlled by HYDRA could be. But Steve could wait that out. He would play up the trauma of a tortured super-soldier, the very real guilt that Steve did have over not leaving HYDRA soon enough. He would be “remorseful” of his crimes, blame the years of brainwashing. He would play into the abandonment issues and immense desire to be loved that any Tony Stark would have and Steve wouldn’t even have to play that part up because his love for Tony was
“Yeah, Zeke?”
Though Pepper, Rhodey, and Happy are all there, Tony uses this time to focus on his children. He lets Peter and Harley babble on about the last three months, everything from school to Nanny Clara, both boys eager to share with their mother. Zeke, on the other hand, is quiet, Tony having to pry information out of him. Zeke’s worry and sorrow are written so clearly on his face that Tony’s attempts become half-hearted. He knows that he will have to talk to the Beta privately later.
Tony drops Harley and Peter at school, racing with Happy to the school to make the boys squeal and squirm in their seats in excitement. (Tony wins, but only because Happy lets him.) Tony hugs them both long and hard, not wanting to let them go.
Obie grabs onto Tony’s leg and brings him down to him. “You had a great idea, Omega, but my suit is more advanced in every way.”
“Widow, take us out of here, but don’t run away from us”
“This mission was doomed to fail the moment Stark was involved, even when I sent the best team I have” Fury said with a nonchalant tone “failure, Howard was so damn proud of his genius son that he bragged to all SHIELD personnel he encountered in his visits, how Tony this and Tony do that; and for what? An early grave and a spoiled brat tha…”
“get command on the horn” he asked Sam
“yes, sir” was the answer he received, T’Challa let M’Baku on the ground and began to stand up, but was quick to hunch again when shots began to rain on them, the startled yelp Tony let out made him turn in fear, but Bucky was the one to force Tony down, that was what made him yelp
“that is over 30 kliks” Nat said, he nodded feeling even more drained
“What about my people, they left their home because you promised safety!” he accused making his gut clench
“You are very welcomed, Tony” Thor answered and kept helping people cross, the Exchange was quick but let a sour taste on his mouth.
“I can see it, the green is not a good color on you Barnes” Bruce said
“Star one, to command, star one to command” Sam voice made him take a deep breath and finally turn to see his second in command Buck arched an eyebrow at him but said nothing, he turn to Sam and he gave them the satellite phone
“It seemed we owe an apology to the good doctor, we talked ill behind his back without knowing him” Thor said in the com, he sighed because he only met the man a few hours ago and Stark has proved to be so different from what he thought; the affirmative answers he got on com
They arrived to the pickup zone in the morning, sun verily up and heat blasting, but they were going home finally
“Don’t play coy, Captain; you’re telling me that you and the team couldn’t get Stark in a helo?” Fury’s reproach and impatience clear in his voice.
“You should have some rest, Steve” Tony said and pulled his hand away but he grabbed it and pulled him in, whiskey eyes glowed with something he couldn't pinpoint but quickly demeaned at his next words
“how the fuck are they tracking us at night?” Scott asked confused and angry.
“Cap, straggler, straggler danger close” Nat’s voice made him turn to see Stark that looked up just to stop dead when the soldier spot him, the rebel pointed the gun at Stark, Stark moved to protect Kamala, his eyes firmly on the man, but he moved quickly and swiftly behind the soldier, hand on his mouth and the other quick to cut his throat, Stark’s eyes on his blues, and it was like time suddenly stopped and for a brief second he saw what he believed was the true Anthony Stark, there was fear and concern but it wasn’t for his own life it was for the others, for the child in his arms and for the people he was responsible off, and his team, Stark was conscious enough of him putting them in danger because he didn’t want to leave his people; he flinched away from the clear vulnerability reflected on those whiskey pools, how can Stark put so much blame and guilt on to his own person, how can he inflict himself with all that?; he put the rebel on the ground cutting the eye contact, but he still could feel his eyes on him, he stood and cleaned the knife on his pant leg, Stark still looking at him, he looked up to make eye contact once again but the moment was gone, Stark held his gaze but it was different this time, it was guarded, hid behind a layer of self confidence and poise, and he just hated it, he wished to see those eyes unguarded showing joy and happiness instead.
“Like it? Nah she is going to go bananas for it, Hope it’s gonna flip” Scott said, groaning when Tony put the tape on the gauze to held it there
“hey you with me boss?” Scott asked concerned, he took a deep breath and stilled.
“take cover!” he yelled and covered Tony with his body, the noise of the explosion made his ears ring
“why would we demand trust when we gave none?” Thor asked him, his Tone perplexed at his lack of understanding, he held his ground, Stark was at the wrong at this he put everyone at risk.
” Stark said not backing away from him, flaming whiskey eyes challenged his blue.
“that will be me” the man Tony pulled away said next to Tony “my name is T’Challa Udaku son of T’Chaka, heir of the throne of Wakanda” he said, he looked at Tony who held his eyes, but there was pain and regret in those whiskey eyes “please don’t blame him, please” T’Challa pleaded, he couldn’t stop staring at Tony, tears glazed whiskey eyes that still held his cold blue, he felt betrayed, used “I’m sorry to have misled you, but there are enemies looking for me everywhere, and that is why you’re being pursued” T’Challa explained, he looked at T’Challa he no longer wanted to see Stark.
“Tony, is something wrong?” he asked concerned and confused, Tony denied but a small smile graced his lips.
“your report was incorrect, they were not executed, they murdered my mother along with my aunt and two baby cousins; out of greed, my father fight for democracy, for his people, my people” he said tears fallen freely “when my father died, and when it first appeared there might be trouble, my mother sent me away with my sister Shuri and this man” he said turning to point to M’Baku “Col. M’Baku” he said
“intel tells me you are been chased by Hydra and moving with one prince T’Challa Udaku son of the late king T’Chaka” he said voice eerily calm and collected, he frowned at it, he knew, Fury knew! Since the fucking beginning and Tony though he had told them, which is why he denied to the evac since the fucking beginning for fucks sake he was going to kill the man!, Coulson had called worried about them being followed he hadn't known either what the fuck is Fury playing? “the company is excess cargo, your judgement has put the lives of your men and Stark at risk, I strongly advise you to complete the evacuation as planned” Fury stated tone detached almost to bland, he growled in frustration.
“I… you sure?” Clint asked
“everybody up, now!” he growled, the anger was boiling in him, he could understand the why in following Tony, he’s rich, SI will pay a hefty ransom for the man, hell he bets his next check that SHIELD and the US government would too, but this Black Panther, he must be connected to the Panther tribe, someone powerful enough to receive this kind of attention, he looked at the people and focused on the two males that Tony pointed.
“Pickup zone, send coordinates” Fury snapped and hang up, he sighed and looked at the man that was still talking on the phone, Tony smiled at him brightly.
“Tony!” A girl voice yelled making them halt, Tony turned and saw Shuri with Kamala, he smiled, dislodged from him and ran toward her, Kamala rising her little arms to greet him, he took her from Shuri’s arms and brought her to his chest
“How strong?” he asked
“you knew about this?” he asked “you knew all the time and you didn’t tell me” he accused him, Tony let out a whimper and looked at the ground “you knew and put my team in danger because of this, you didn’t care did you? Those choppers you demanded were just for his safety aren’t they?” he asked more agitated by the second, there was no answer from Stark “did you even care that Hydra may kill us all? That American soldiers are helping the rightful king of this forsaken country! Do you have any idea of what politic disaster this may cause?” he yelled pushing Tony with every question, he let him, Tony let him push him around, there was no fight in his body and when he lifted his eyes to look at his blues, there was only pain and sorrow.
“I’m really sorry, Tony”
“Sweetheart, come on!” He yelled and pulled him towards him, his finger found a pulse, making him sigh in relief “come on, T’Challa get ready to run, come on help get him up come on” he yelled T’Challa nodded and helped him get Tony up for him to carry the unconscious man over his shoulder, Sam was next to T’Challa.
“Clear”
“cap!” Clint yelled making him turn to see Kalá ran away
“Are you a doctor?”
“What is it, is he not there?” the concern was clearly there unmasked and unapologetic, he frowned at the emotions, why Fury was so personally invested in this?
“3 day LRRP, critical personality, right?” Stark asked making them all frown “my name of your paychecks?” they flinched “extraction and do whatever it takes?” he asked he recoiled from his words, Stark looked up, gaze empty still “my father signed a contract when he co founded SHIELD; facilities, money, weapons everything to achieve peace, then he died a few weeks later in a car crash that had been ruled out as accident and had been investigated as murder since I was 6; this contract expires tomorrow after 20 years, because of the stipulations my father put in it only a Stark can renovate, modify or cancel the contract, since I’m the last one” Stark said with a shrug making them all see the way Fury just manipulated them and was now trying to do that with Stark “I don’t blame you really, you follow orders right? You just get the job done and complete the mission” Stark said there was no reproach or disappointment in his tone, just facts that made him feel like he punched him in the gut, Stark finished talking and looked at the window, he looked at his team, who were waiting for him to say something
“you don’t want to send your men? Fine! I’ll fly the bird myself, but don’t think for one second that the rescue mission will be in the hands of SHIELD anymore, the Air Force will handle this, you are dismissed” he said turning away from him
“Copy, let it rain Colonel, danger close” he said holding on to Sam, the others pulled close and took cover
“are we there yet?” He asked with a smirk, making Scott snort.
“I guess congratulations are in order; for a job well done” Stark said making him snap at him in surprise “Captain Steven Grant Rogers III, my father used to sing praises about your father, you and the howling commandos” his voice empty and hollow, he didn’t spare a look at his direction, he kept his eyes at the helicopter floor “I made the connection the moment you walked in my operation room, didn’t knew Fury was so invested to get me to the states” he said; why not? He was American after all, he frowned at that because not so long ago wasn’t he asking himself that “if he send his best team; the honorable Avengers, the best elite team within SHIELD and even the world; to get me out of Wakanda he must be planning to guilt trip me into renovate the contract with SHIELD, after all SI pulled out all SHIELD’s resources and doesn’t make weapons anymore” Stark said making him still and the others too
“You know very well, they won’t” Stark snapped, making him clench his fist and swallow the anger that wanted to come out
“Yeah director we have a problem here”
“The doctor wouldn’t leave without his people, sir” he explained calm and innocently, which made Sam and now Buck deny with tiny smirks on their lips.
“Birds have taken heavy fire, we’re no longer entering Wakandan airspace; not even Tony’s connection can make that order disappear, his friend Colonel Rhodes was waiting for the order to flight one of the birds himself but was shot down when Hydra started to take down every single bird in the sky” Coulson informed him “we’ll give you all the help we can from this end Captain, but right now you are on your own”
“follow who?” he demanded
“Thank you” she said in accented english, making Stark and Bucky smile, Buck nodded and they kept walking.
“Dr. Stark, I suggest you get some rest” he said voice devoid of any inflection, as happy as he felt he couldn’t give himself this, Stark looked at the ground.
“Cap, I have movement” Widow said making him stop and the others too
“Popping smoke” Sam said, throwing the smoke canisters on clearing, he could hear the helicopter getting near, the tang of the smoke made his nose itch
“for all the years that we’ve been told to stand down and stand by, to just follow orders and the plan of someone above us; we’re doing the right thing, Stevie”
They left the village and began the track to the border; there was determination and fire in the people's eyes, even when they saw and lived so much pain and terror they still managed to find strength to keep going; how blinded was he to assume they were just “packages” and not the amazing people they were, Thor clapped him on the back making him jump in surprise at the contact.
“How did you end up here?” he asked softly making whiskey eyes find his, then lower again
“What are you doing?” Stark yelled looking back; he just kept pulling him to enter the chopper “no! what about the others?” he yelled eyes wide in anger and hurt, he didn’t answer and pushed him even more “answer me!” he yelled dislodging his hold on his arm “you never planned on taking all of us, did you?”
“You’re ok, Nat the bullet went through and through, come on” Tony said with a watery voice
“what he did was in all his right Steve, he didn’t trust us” Sam began, tone clipped and hard.
“Go! Make them open the gate!” He yelled at them before running towards his team, Thor was being held by Bruce and Sam by Clint, while Scott, Nat and Buck covered them.
“Sir”
“I'll call, be in contact with Phil, I'm sure we can help even more T’Challa” Tony said with a smile, he nodded, Tony got up on the helicopter with Kamala on his arms still, Tony sat next to him while Phil and Buck sat in front of them; he smiled at the little girl clinging to Tony, the girl smiled at him too.
“Help is on the way” Sam winced with every word.
“You can call me Tony, you know, your team already does” Stark said, voice soft and soothing, something warm flared in his gut and he fought to not smile at Stark’s permission to call him by his nickname, he felt happy to have that permission, he was feeling left out if he was honest.
“I got you!” Thor said, voice loud, he turn quickly to see, Thor holding Stark to his chest hands on his back and hip, the child firmly in Starks arms, they separated quickly and Stark smiled embarrassed a tint of pink on his cheeks.
“You know, if you had Stark’s trust this will be easier right?” Buck said next to him, he glared at his best friend
“She’s bugged” Sam confirmed, giving him the transmitter
“Get the hell away from them” came Tony's voice behind them, he dared a quick glance at the man, but he noticed he wasn't alone Phil, Sharon and several agents were there with him, he smiled.
“We have to follow…” she began to said but her voice began to fade
“…iron patriot, please respond” was what he managed to hear over the gun shooting.
“the signal was still on, they will keep following us, you lead them to this and boom” Tony said “its unfortunately a small radio wave for the remote but far away from it to not hurt you” he said handing them the explosives and the remote, Buck nodded.
“location?” Hill asked
“She, god she loves ugly teddy bears, so I… damn it!” Scott cursed when he felt the needle Tony was using to close his wound there was large gash, deep enough to cause concern but it was not as dangerous as he believed “I bought her a rabbit I saw in this flee market in Mexico, fuck!” Scott cursed while Tony sutured the wound on his stomach and Bruce held him still “Tony, you need to see it, man, oh shit! It’s so damn fucking ugly, gave Clint nightmares when I showed it to him” Scott said with a smirk
“let me see, come on Lang let me see” Tony said pulling away Scott hands, Bruce was soon next to him, helping move the gear out of his stomach, blood was quick to cover both of his hands
(See the end of the chapter for
“we shouldn't have stopped” he winced at the admission.
“Copy” Nat answered and they began to walk again
“Can’t you sleep, captain?” Stark asked with a little smile, squatting next to him, he didn’t spare him a glance.
“We’re already engaged” he said, she nodded “hand me the binoculars” he asked Thor, he complied “Hawkeye, you got zippo?” he asked
“Why the hell not?” Stark snapped, but the kid was making it so damn hard.
“His father Howard Stark was the co-founder of SHIELD along with Agent Carter who is his godmother, Stark Industries is one of our major contributors, Stark’s signature is in your paychecks, there for we are his private extract team” Fury explained, there was no more to say to that does it? Clearly Stark was important and the mission was a must; the scoff of Clint and Scott was loud in the room making the others smirk.
“Cover!” He yelled over the gun fire and the explosions came soon after, the loud noise made his ears ring, dirt and smoke made him hard to breathe, the heat from the explosions making his skin get goosebumps what felt like hours to him were just seconds then the drumming of the helicopters made him turn to look up, he couldn't stop the smile that graced his lips, Clint let out a bark of laughter and Scott a woop of joy.
“Rhodey!…” Tony voice made him smile but the boom that followed didn't the line went dead…
The party was a success, the kids were asleep or verily holding on awake, Scott and Clint were looking after them when they came to the yard when we were, cold beers on their hands and knowing smiles
“please be safe” he said, holding her close and then he let go and walked to his direction, his eyes held his making forget everything for a second, they were just the two of them and he wished for a moment to be that way, then the moment ended and they were moving out
“Star one this iron patriot, you read me?” Came from the phone, he grabbed it before Sam did.
“You sure?” he questioned again a bit more forceful
“the birds ain't coming” he said
“Dr Stark” Bucky said, but Stark didn’t move he still kept glaring at him
“Tony!” Clint yelled, he step aside and opened the door widely for them to enter, Peter and Kamala went on first and he next “I'm so glad to see you, man Steve said you had a work thing?” Clint asked, he nodded
“We’re not here for them” he barreled on
“Understood sir” he replied and went to the room to retrieve his team.
“yeah, together” he confirmed looking at the others that were closer and watching Scott stood up “Sam, Buck; lets this people out of here come on, do it now!” he commanded making the others nod and move, Tony stayed by his side and close to Scott.
“Come on big guy, medical is this way” he said clinging to his frame, the gates to the border were open, the refugees they had helped cross to the border now in Kenyan soil, the helicopters ready to take flight and take them to the helicarrier, Tony was holding him up along with two agents
“Roger that”
“Yes, half a mile, team reunited and close! Heavy enemy fire at least from 20 yards away” Sam was yelling in the now working phone
“Why don’t we just get doc to tranq ‘im the fuck out?” Buck asked him watching the man talk with the people inside the church
“roger” he pulled the grenade and throw it at the location Clint instructed and as soon the boom echoed in the rain forest chaos erupted, they advanced shooting whatever that moved and Hydra did too, the explosion behind them making it clear they had heavy fire with them, his team remained impassive and headed on, then the fire stopped, he sighed but waited for movement
“damn it what Stark did was wrong he should had told us and…”
“Captain” Stark cut him up
“he does now” Pepper said halting his movements, Fury glared, Coulson sighed in relief he smirked and Hill smiled at Pepper.
“Yes sir” she nodded scared
“the president?” he asked she smiled
“Damn, pretty and a spitfire” Buck voice in his ear made him snap and sized the man in front of him, so far Stark has contradicted everything he believed of the man, it was surprising and embarrassing, he pride himself of not judge a person until he meet them and right now, Stark was making him cringe internally at his conceived prejudices.
“Roger that cap, holding”
“god damn it, I got hit, sniper” Nat hiss made him sag in relief, Thor and Scott moved to retrieve her, while Sam and Bucky took care of the sniper, Tony moved with him and so did Bruce, they got to Nat’s position her hand held her right shoulder, Tony was quicker than Bruce at looking and tending Nat’s injury he pulled a pristine white bandage and a bottle of antiseptic, he poured the liquid on the wound making Nat choke a scream of pain, then Tony bandaged her shoulder
“I was promised no harm will come to her” she said crying, he put his hand on her wound and pressed, making her scream in pain, he could see Tony in the corner of his eye
“No” he cut him off making him look at his eyes “it’s not your fault, it won't be; I’m the one who should apologize, what I said to you earlier was not true, it was stupid, arrogant; I’m truly sorry Tony” he said softly, cleaning away the tears from his cheeks and making the murky brown waver but the clear honeyed whiskey didn't returned, he noticed that the walls were not there anymore, not for him; after he turned that chopper around the walls didn't pulled up for him and still he broke that trust, he hurt this amazing man for his hurt ego and pride “you were in the right at not trusting me, I would have done the same in your situation Tony, I’ll will get your people to Kenya, you have my word” he promised making Tony nod, but he saw clearly that his word meant anything to Tony, after all he had given his word before.
His team moved and came to the last cottage a woman was screaming with pain, Sam was at the other side, and Buck in front of him, three men where kneeling and holding the woman still, while another was doing something to her, Sam shot one, Buck the other, one of them ran towards the back exit, where Nat’s gun went off, the man that was in front of the woman went to stand but Sam shot him on the shoulder.
“I don't want him to let go Bucky, you are just dying with jealousy because now I hold your best friend attention” he remarked at the brunet, Buck smirked and rolled his eyes at him.
“Tony, this american men are here to see you” the woman half yell half whimpered and put herself behind Stark, who looked at her and hid her with his body.
As soon he got the call from Pepper and soon later the order to board the SHIELD helicarrier from the secretary of defense and demote Nick Fury from director status he knew that Tony was in danger, he had been getting updates and calls from his friend since his prolonged stay at Wakanda, but when the coup started and SHIELD had been signed with all evacuations because of their international agency status there had been a radio silence for a week, then Tony called saying he was safe in the mission he was so damn relieved and demanded to go and fetch him, of course Tony declined; then he was moving a SHIELD team had been assigned to him in order to evacuate along with the people in the camp and that was as far as he got.
“Natasha is a beautiful name, Nathaniel could work too” Stark said
“Cap, on sight” Sam said on the com
“I have white smoke, Cap; I'll keep open com now” Rhodes said
“stop it!” Tony yelled making him still but he didn’t dare turn to look at the man, Buck stopped him
“good lend me one” Buck asked with a wicked grin, Thor was quick to give it
“That’s us” Sam affirmed, he turn to look at Buck who was behind him next to Stark, who had his eyes on him, the knot in his gut tighten at was going to follow next, he sighed and turn to look at the helicopters
“Yeah 2 and one in the way, the misses is due any day now” Clint answered, making him smile
“No, we got him, but the good doc wants to bring the 70 people at the mission along with him”
“Cap, this trail will lead us straight to Kenya but they will be expecting us” Nat said showing him the map, he nodded
“Captain, his father was more than just the king of Wakanda, he was the tribe chief, that makes him the heir to the Panther Nation, it makes him the Black Panther, it’s a bloodline they must cut, the north border tribe will comb heaven and earth to find him, if he lives the government of N’Jadaka is nothing more than a rouse, he wont have the support of the other tribes if someone of the Panther tribe is alive” he said, he took a deep breath and turn to look at Tony, who was looking at him in fear.
“good, and you are going to give it to her ok, come on Lang up you go!” Tony said, pulling Scott to sit, and making him groan at the sudden movement.
“the fuck you’re not, what do you think they’ll do when they found us?” he growled in disgust
“you don’t have that authority!” Fury yelled tone smug making him turn to rebut that with a well placed upper cut.
“T’Challa! Tony!” Came Sam scared yell, he stood up as soon as he was able and ran to Tony, he kneeled and look at Tony he was face up, chest blackened and faintly smoking, there were metal shards sticking out of it, he burned his fingers when he pulled them out, he verily even felt it, Tony didn't even flinch at the pain.
“Star one” Sam said making him turn to look at Sam, he mouthed Coulson, he nodded and Sam handed him the phone
“You Scott Lang are going to be just fine” Tony said voice commanding; Scott flinch when Bruce put pressure on the wound he couldn’t see clearly “this, this is nothing but a scratch you hear me? You are going to see Cassie, and celebrate her birthday, tell me about the rabbit come on” Tony pleaded and was quick to add the antiseptic to the now uncovered wound, Scott grumbled.
“Why doesn’t the other helicopter come down?” Stark yelled
“2 left” came the answer
“Go on doc, we need to hurry” Buck said with a smirk, making Stark smile widen, Stark nodded and hurried to walk along the girl that flinched away from Bucky, speaking in rapid wakandan, the woman nodded and responded with a few lines in Wakandan and then turned to look at Bucky who was walking behind them, she smiled bashfully
“what about the Black Panther?” he asked
“what?” Busk snapped cutting him up his eyes glowing; for a moment he had to still his body from taking a step back and cower at the clear anger his best friend was showing.
“one klick south of Tadjile Pass, they had to change routes, to evade the mass of HYDRA soldiers, who had been increasing their numbers by the hour, we managed to intercept one of their communications; their orders are to take down the team apprehend Stark and kill the black panther?” she explained a bit insecure by the last part.
“who has your daughter?”
“M’Baku! No, please wake up, M’Baku!” T’Challa desperate voice made him turn to look at the man, he was cradling M’Baku lifeless body to his chest, tears freely falling
“get down!” he yelled “they’re going to be coming! Conserve your ammo! Get down!” he yelled
“Five straggles, 40 meters and falling from main body” the report came in a gruff
“Fucking finally!” Buck said making them pull apart, he glared at his best friend but the urge to throw himself out of the helicopter when he noticed the icy glare of Phil directed at him was to real.
“Scott, my baby girl gets knocked out with nirvana” Scott shared making Stark smile wider
“What about the ones who can walk? we can take them out on foot”
1 “I can’t believe it I’m talking with a fucking wall, this happens to me for not listening to Rhodey and send Fury to fuck himself “
“This has to be important if Fury is debriefing us personally” Scott mused making Nat nod
“in my opinion, we cut our losses, this isn’t a fucking war, as far as me be in or out, you know the answer to that, besides Laura would have my balls if I failed this” Clint said, he nodded
“I can make you several, let me see what you have” he said, they handed him the explosives, he nodded and sat on the ground, he quickly and dexterity opened and removed the charges, then began to assemble the explosives, it was impressive to watch him work and create, scary but impressive just after a few minutes the explosives where ready, then he pulled the chip of the transmitter Buck destroyed and put it one explosive.
“why?” Tony asked softly
“Yeah, already requested that week” Scott said with a big smile “she likes ugly plush toys, I already bought her this truly ugly bunny I found and my wife is throwing her a big party” Stark nodded with an amused smile
“Clint, you have kids?” Clint asked, making Stark deny
“welcome back” Fury said cutting the voice of the reporter, his team had been helping evacuate the embassies in Wakanda and they were just finishiing eating after their last mission, Bucky and Sam had power on the TV, the world only spoke of what was happening in Wakanda, the fight for control over the supposedly mines of vibranium in the country was on the roof, he was so damn tired of this civil war and evacuating insolent people “gentlemen, Romanoff; we do appreciate you’ve been hopping out there, but we’re going to put you back in, priority tasking, we need to extract a critical personality ASAP, so finish your chow, refit for 3 day LRRP, se you in debrief room”  they all nodded
“I can’t leave them, this people deserve being in a safe place and be reunited with their families, the ones we took to safety” Thor noted, he nodded
“Girl or boy?” Stark asked
“Do you have smoke?” Sam asked
“Hurry please” he managed to say tone clipped and voice raspy, Stark nodded and went to the others “Hawkeye, go with the package” he yelled over the sound of the helicopters, Clint nodded and followed Stark
“It can only take 12 people, old, young anybody who can slow us down, we meet again in Kenya” he said to the two males but eyes fixed on Stark, he nodded
“Widow what you see?” he asked in the com, there was no answer but he didn’t expected one right away.
“an hour, two tops”
“Yes, he had one in the city, a Shield Team to be exact" Fury explained.
“What did I miss?” he asked
“We love you Tony. All of us, we will always will” T’Challa stoped Tony from getting on the helicopter Shuri by his side “thank you, for your help” he said and then turn to look at them “captain Rogers, thank you, for helping my people, the people of Wakanda will never forget you or your team, thank you” T’Challa said he nodded, Tony gave him his phone
“Thank you for taking care of my arm” he whispered inches away from his lips, his eyes focused on pink lips, the pull was so strong, God how he wanted to just lean closer and take those lips in his
He shot who ever got close to their location, his team stood up as one, and shot the army that was attacking them, there was no hesitation in any of them.
The chat was idle and light, he looked at the men and women that waved themselves in his life, Bruce and Betty who shared his excitement in medicine and engineering, Clint and Laura who were grateful to him for some reason he couldn't understand and their kids who were so cute and definitely took after Laura, of Wilson and Barnes who were like the big brothers he wished he never met now and longed to have as a kid, of Thor and Jane with their wit and perfect manners; of Nat and Valkyrie and their scary ways but who he loved non the less; of his platypus and Carol who loved each other so fiercely and loved him too, of Happy and Pepper and the Langs who made him part of their families; and Steve who smiled at him with a flicker of hunger and mischief; looked at him with those blazing blue eyes filled with love and happiness, he took his hand and smiled at the people gathered there, his friends, his family; mismatched, funky looking but loving and in that instant he knew he wouldn't let go for anything in the world.
“Phil”
“Kalá” he said pointing at the woman who flinched away from Buck, Scott was quick to pull her up front
“I am one of many that give him information” she said, he turned to see Tony now holding for dear life to Buck’s arms, Bucky hold him to his body, giving comfort and support, then he noticed the blood on Tony's hands.
“What do you think Steve?” Bruce asked him
“they took her, he said he would free her if I followed you, I’m sorry” she said
“what you got?” he asked noticing Tony just a few steps from them, looking at the ground
“They’ll be fine; keep moving” he ordered Stark turned to see behind him, he didn’t have that luxury “come on, hurry up! You’ve got to move faster!”
So, next chapter is the last, so get ready people fluff is coming.
“yeah, but were helping his people right?” Scott asked the affirmatives made his stomach clench; guilt was taking a toll on him.
“Fucker, who decides for me, Fury?” he yelled “I won’t leave them!” he said struggling against now Thor and Bucky
“Yeah, you are more than welcome to the party, there's gonna be cake” Scott said to Tony, who smiled and nodded
“Copy! Clint pop smoke, now!” He yelled, Clint quickly threw the smoke canister and they waited
“I ain’t sure the fucker is American, by the way he spits Italian”
“Ready to engage, lets fire this assholes up” the feminine voices came from the phone.
“yeah” he said motioning for Scott to continue, his brain ready to action
2 this is not a goodbye is a see you later
“this is the outfit that’s been on our trail” Scott said, showing him the tablet, but damn he really need to eat or sleep for a week, his brain was slow to focus.
“I understand”
“Will be on the helicarrier in 7minutes, and all of you are going to medical” Phil pointed out which made Buck and him groan and roll his eyes at the same time and Tony honest to God giggle, he stared at the man who was hiding behind a toddler and shaking from laughter, his eyes were ablaze with joy and kindness the whiskey flared with liquid happiness and relief, he smiled at the man and stretched his legs, Tony sighed and leaned on him, he put an arm around him and held him close, the pain on his shoulder and leg a far off thing on his mind.
“ok, Widow, hold we’ll rest for the night” he said, making Tony smile and squeeze his hand in thanks, he nodded “go on, go rest” he said to the doctor, who kept smiling at him
“what you wanna do to her?” Bruce asked
“Come on, Fury, give me three choppers, I’ll have these people in Kenya in 20 minutes” he growled, but Tony took the phone from his hand before he could hear Fury’s answer.
“Go hold position, now” he ordered and glared at the two men, they sighed and walked away, they rest for an hour more and began to walk to the pickup zone, Kamala was yet again in Stark’s arms, the child still asleep, while Stark talked in rapid Wakandan with the two males from before and the girl, who smiled and talked back…
“you have more of these here? Why would anybody want to transmit our position? Send it to over 500 hundred Hydra soldiers, who ran all night to get to within an hour and a half of where we are now?” he asked tone cold and harsh “Winter” he said throwing him the transmitter, he caught it and crushed it with his bare hand “somebody’s going to tell me, somebody’s going to start talking right now, because if they don’t tell me what I want to know by the time I count to five I’m going to kill someone else” he said looking straight at M’Baku, he didn’t flinch away from his gaze, he kept it “one” he said “two he loaded his gun, without loosing eye contact “three” he said point the gun to his head, making the man still but his gaze never wavered “don’t fuck with me, four” he growled, he pulled out the safety of the gun, but then the younger male was in front of M’Baku.
“Give me a break Rogers, I send you to this mission because I knew you wouldn’t screw it up and now you’re telling me is difficult to understand?” The I send you because you are good soldier who follows orders was heavily implied making him clench his jaw and repress the growl that wanted to come out at Fury’s words.
“Because I lied to him about Fury giving the go to evac his people before, there was no need for him to doubt me” he said with regret and shame, they nodded and settled again to rest he sighed and sat up on a boulder, he closed his eyes and drank some water after, Stark squatted in front of him eyes concerned and worried, lip held tightly between his teeth, he frowned
“About who?” He yelled ignoring the blood and Tony.
“okay, Doctor Stark, turn two” he said walking to Tony who was kneeling giving water to a woman “Stark, get up” he said grabbing his arm and pulling him up “I need you to point out everybody that came to the mission in the last week, right now” he ordered there was no room for objection in his tone, Tony frowned concern but nodded, his eyes pools of understanding, he turn to look at the people that was being searched and put on a line.
“Captain, starboard side” the pilot said making him snap up to look at him “saw this in our way in” he said he leaned in to see, Stark moved to see too, as the others, the mission camp was on fire, the small lake where they waited when they arrived was red on the shore, bodies everywhere, Stark hands were on his shoulders to lean in and see, he grabbed his waist when the first scream of terror and despair left his lips, his sight blurred with tears at the devastating sound, he clenched his jaw to swallow the sob that wanted to come out, Stark cried harder and yelled when what was left of the church appeared smoldering wood and burnt bodies, the body of the priest easy to spot bloodied on the ground steps away from the church
“Cap” Scott said in the com
“Tell the others” Stark said with a smile, the man nodded and went to tell the others, Stark looked at him, he waited for whatever was on Stark’s mind
“Hooya” the others said, he smiled and nodded in thanks
“Drop the gun Rumlow” Phil said, looking that he was clearly outnumbered he let the gun drop, Sharon was quick to hold him down and take any guns he had stashed.
“The people of Wakanda are strong, they won't give up and will continue forward there is no doubt about it” the young handsome male that was next to M’Baku affirmed, his dark eyes flared with ferocity and determination at his spoken words his shoulders pulled back and chin up high, regal and intimidating the man looked.
“There a lot of possible scenarios, that could happen, Dr Stark” he said calmly making eye contact, making Stark to held his gaze “I don’t presume to know them all” he finished, Stark eyes flared with anger and plain old stubbornness “Winter” he called knowing the man simply wouldn’t move if he so choose to do so.
“Captain” Stark said tone carefully neutral, he looked at him on guard of what came next “we need to stop” Stark requested, but he kept helping people along “captain” Stark tone changed to impatient
“Been going at it all day” Bruce growled when their eyes locked on the pile of bodies in front of them, burned, shot, stabbed; men, women, children no one was safe from the hands of Hydra, his rage flared.
“This people need to rest, your team included, Kamala, needs medication, please captain”
“If you hold him on even more tightly the good doctor will be crushed” Bucky said behind them, Steve went to let go in embarrassment but he held tightly to his boyfriend frame
“Give me the phone!” Came Tony's yell a few yards ahead of him, he sighed and felt like a heavy weight was lifted, Tony was ok, Sam ran towards him and gave him the phone, Stark began to ran and fiddle with it, he ran behind them; he noticed Natasha and Thor not far from them, Scott and Bruce a few yards ahead but Clint and Buck no where to be seen.
When Tony comes back to the dining room to see off his kids, they’ve all finished their dinner and Zeke has started clearing the table.
He walks out of the room, closes the door, and rests heavily against the door. It’s very official now: Tony Stane is a stepmother. (Rhodey’s going to give him so much shit for this.)
“How was the Fun-vee?” Rhodey asks jokingly, but Tony can hear the relief and joy in his voice. Tony can feel the tears falling now. Rhodey goes to his knees and embracing Tony, squeezing Tony as tight as possible, as if he would disappear any second now. “Next time you ride with me.”
Tony starts to settle in as soon as he gets in. He starts to unpack the seemingly thousands of boxes throughout the house, most being wedding gifts. He starts with his Heat supplies, given that it is coming up soon. He is partly done with the kitchenware when he catches Zeke Stane watching him, startling Tony into dropping the cutlery he was holding.
Tony’s heart flutters. Stupid Omega instincts. “Of course, Zeke,” Tony says with a lump in his throat, “Now go to sleep. You had a long day.” Zeke’s eyes close. Impulsively, Tony presses a kiss to Zeke’s forehead.
But sometimes, the silence becomes deafening, and thinking about the past they may never get back is painful. So instead, they play backgammon with an old board they found and leftover washers and nuts.
Tony’s Heat lasts for 3 days, shorter than Tony’s usual 5-to-6-day Heats, and if even after it Yahya and Tony continue to share a cot, well, neither of them say anything about it.
(And they talk.)
Tony takes one of Zeke’s hands into his own and squeezes it lightly. “I will always
“Lies,” Tony gasps in mock-indignation, “I tie Harley’s and Peter’s shoes all the time. I think I’d make it a week.”
He knew what she was saying. He could always come to talk to her and she would listen. But there was nothing he or she could do. Omegas can’t get a divorce themselves other than in cases of abuse. And usually, judges turn a blind eye unless it is severe enough that they can’t ignore it. Even if Tony was granted a divorce, he wouldn’t be able to get custody of Zeke as an Omega, let alone as someone who isn’t even his bearer. Not for the first time, Tony feels a lot older than his 18 years.
Zeke beams. “Of course we did. Uncle Happy said it was one of the first things you asked for.”
Tony wakes up to the sounds of Rhodey calling for him. The Beta helps Tony up. “Tony, are you okay?”
“Are you sure you want to do this Tony?”
“Is it a good representation of his spring period?” Tony says cheekily, purposefully riling Pepper up with false art history information.
The leader stops to look at Tony curiously. So Tony continues, “I need him. Good assistant.” He was far more than that, but the Alpha didn’t need to know.
Of course, nothing goes Tony’s way. On Monday evening, Tony goes to take a call from Pepper when he is literally paralyzed. The phone is ripped out of his grasp as he hears Pepper call out for him from the other side of the line.
The line disconnects as Tony waits idly for Pepper to come down to his workshop. As soon as Pepper enters, Tony perks up. “Hey. Let’s see them. Show me your hands. Let’s see ‘em.”
Tony drops a long kiss atop of Jamie’s head and hugs Pepper goodbye before he guides Harley and Peter out the door, grabbing their backpacks on the way out.
Alphas of any secondary sex can only sire offspring, they cannot bear/carry them. On the other hand, Omegas of any secondary sex can only bear/carry offspring, they cannot sire them. Beta Males can sire with a Beta Female or Omega partner. They can also carry offspring with an Alpha partner with much difficulty. Beta Females can carry offspring with a Beta Male or Alpha partner. They can also sire offspring with an Omega partner with much difficulty.
The next morning, Tony is sitting on the couch, making faces at his baby to make the little one giggle when Everhart stumbles out in nothing but her undergarments and Obie’s shirt from the night before. Thank God it’s early enough that the kids have yet to wake up and Zeke was at boarding school in Pasadena. It’s bad enough that Zeke knows and understands his father’s indiscretions, but he hasn’t even had the Talk with Peter yet.
The mood in the room instantly shifts. Both Obie and Howard look at the screen in disdain. Tony’s mother becomes nervous, fidgeting with the bracelets on her arm. The appointment wraps up quickly after that. Tony says nothing the whole way home. Obie drops Tony and Zeke off at home and heads for New York with Howard and Maria.
“Eagle one, this Star one, be advised on location”
“Yeah, you can let her know she can call you on it, if the baby comes while were here” Stark said with a smile and began to walk away from the still stunned Clint, who now was looking at him, he nodded and followed Stark, Laura will appreciate the call and know his husband was ok
“Good, I need your things packed; we need you to get out of here now”
“Captain, the nun doesn’t want to leave” Thor said on his earpiece
“Come on lets go, Stark” Bucky said, making Stark to give him yet again the disappointing glare and walk away, he sighed and watched him walk, then spared a glance at Buck, the unimpressed look he received was answer enough of his behavior towards Stark and how he choose not to fight the man himself, he was getting compromised he knew that, Stark was a puzzle he wanted to solve and the fact that Stark defied every single thing he thought about the billionaire made him even more appealing, but if he didn’t keep himself together this mission was going to fail, he sighed and walked the path Nat was making, Buck and Sam following him.
“brother I want to stay with you and M’Baku” Shuri said, the younger man denied “kufuneka uhambe, asiyazi ukuba abayilandelanga, ubuncinane uya kukhuseleka, siya kukubona eKenya1” the man said, making the girl nod reluctantly but holding Kamala tightly to her chest.
“Tony you still bleeding” he said, he shrugged
“I’m good to go” Nat said nodding along Bruce
1 Safe, Hide
“take them away from here” he yelled to Bruce who nodded and pulled the people away from them and hide; at the sound of his voice more soldiers came out from the cottage and he shot them Buck too, he turned to shot at one rebel, but he didn’t saw the one running towards him from behind machete on hand; the machete cut a gash in his arm but the gun shot behind made him turn, the larger older man that was talking to Stark, M’Baku his name was, was there rifle on his arms and rebel dead on the ground, he nodded in acknowledge and move to help the others; they systematically cleared the cottages and killed any Hydra soldier and rebel on the village, Bruce began to examine the people on the ground to see if he could do anything for them medically, all were dead.
“shh shh shh shh, it’s ok, it’s ok, you speak English?” he asked the trembling woman, she nodded “good, I’m not going to hurt you, are there any soldiers? are there any rebels?” he asked she denied still scared “are you sure?” he demanded a bit more harshly making her whimper in fear “shh shh, are they?” he asked again, she denied, he nodded “I’m looking for Dr Anthony Stark, you know him?” he asked, she nodded “good, I need you to take me to him, now, nice and easy” he said letting his hand drop of her mouth and following her towards the main house in the camp “Winter, were moving, Doc with me, blue team secure perimeter” he ordered and received affirmations on the ear piece, the woman stayed with him a few steps from the door, Bruce went and open the door of the main building, inside were only beds filled with sick and hurt people, a little hospital then, Bruce and him walked to the end of the building and cleared the curtains to see an operation table, with a man on it, while Stark and two white women were next to him assisting him in the operation.
Yes, the man was over 25 years his senior, but it was nearly the age difference between his father and his mother, who had married at the same age as Tony. Obadiah also likes to act progressive for the press. He has already stated that he would allow Tony to further his education,
“Well, you should’ve reminded me as my assistant.”
Mr. Bassett is born and bred Frenchman, having immigrated to the United States in the early seventies for his American sweetheart who passed away a bit over six years ago. Though that may sound sweet, don’t let it fool you. Mr. Bassett has since spent every second of his life miserably insulting and complaining about his life in America. He was snarky and did not have a polite bone in his body. He insisted on being called
Obie stops playing the piano and starts walking toward Tony and the couch. He pulls the Omega onto his lap and kisses Tony’s bonding gland possessively. Obie was probably doing it for Pepper’s benefit, as the Alpha is usually more touchy around other people. Tony just went on“The board is claiming you have post-traumatic stress. They’re filing an injunction. They want to lock you out.”
Steve nods. “That explains the solvent-thing and the tiny camera. You must be pretty smart.”
Finally, they look at one another. Yahya must see something in Tony’s face because his face softens and he reaches to cup Tony’s cheek. Yahya then makes the first move and leans in to kiss him. It’s a nice kiss, slow and sweet. It’s nicer than any kiss that Tony has had with Obie. Yahya brushes against the bitten (though it was slightly fading) bonding glands*** causing a jolt of electricity to run through Tony. Yahya runs his hand down Tony’s spine, from the base of his neck to the top of Tony’s pants. The Alpha grips the edge of Tony’s waistband and guides the younger man out of the pants without breaking the kiss. Slowly, they rid each other of every last piece of clothing.
“No,” Tony sighs, “He’s mad because the baby is like me.”
Family fluff and going to Afghanistan. Honestly, a filler of a chapter, but enjoy :)
“You’re welcome, Ms. Potts.”
Tony hesitates before answering, it’s not like they can do anything about his Heat now “I was in Heat. Yinsen helped me through it. I didn’t want anyone else to know and do anything.” The implication was clear.
“Jeez, Momma,” Peter sighs exasperated, “Yes, I slept through the night. No, I haven’t thrown up since yesterday afternoon. I’m okay now; I wanna go back to school today.” Harley, who’s sitting next to Peter on the couch, nods enthusiastically in support of his brother.
Tony knows he probably should just investigate the black market weaponry and then pass the information along to the proper authorities, but he couldn’t do that. Not only is this a problem that Tony has to fix himself as the cause of it, there is no intelligence agency he trusted with this. That’s why he started the project Mark Two.
Tony starts taking off pieces of the suit. “I’m almost out of power. I’ve got to get out of this thing. I’ll be right there.”
“You know what? I was naive before, when they said, ‘Here’s the line. We don’t cross it.’”
“Flares,” he calls out. The flares shoot out and cause the Alpha to lose his grip on Tony.
“Yeah, well, I need your help right now.”
Obie decides to keep the pregnancy from the press. Obie tells Tony it’s because when Tony is the leading developer for SI, stock prices will drop knowing that Tony is a mother. Obie tells Howard it’s that they don’t want their child growing up being bombarded by the press.
Once the story is done, Tony puts the book away and starts tucking Zeke into bed. “Tony,” Zeke says sleepily.
Once he finally reached the building, Steve stood outside for a moment. It was just so
Four months into the pregnancy, however, things change. They can finally find out the sex of the baby, primary and secondary. Tony lays down on the examination bed with his shirt bunch up over his pregnant belly which had cold gel spread all over it. His whole family is there because his husband decides to make a spectacle out of it. The doctor is chipper and smiles through the whole appointment. “There and there,” she says pointing to two different places on the screen, “Congratulations! You are the parents of an Omega son!”
“This isn’t working. We’re going to have to overload the reactor and blast the roof.”
Zeke grumbles but does as he’s told. Tony rushes off to get semi-appropriately dressed for a gala.
It seemed that Tony finally came to his senses because he pushed Steve away. In his periphery, Steve could see that his counterpart was still frozen with shock.
Tony laughs humorlessly. “My father married me off to his preferred successor when I was 18, though the engagement was from when I was 16, because I’m an Omega. And Omegas can’t initiate divorce unless there’s a serious case of abuse. Even those are usually brushed under the rug. Let’s just say, I didn’t forget you from Bern because I was drunk, I forgot you because of the severe concussion I got from my husband teaching me a lesson after getting ‘too cozy with some Beta woman.’”
Then, he starts to realize where he is.
“Go to sleep. I should be proud of how well I’ve trained you not to keep weekend work to Sunday, but it is only Friday and it’s summer, bub.”
“Hello?”
“Alright, let’s see what this thing can do. What’s SR-71’s record?”
“Momma,” Harley chimed, “You and Auntie Pepper are weird. Why do you guys do that every year?”
“Peter’s got a fever and he’s been throwing up,” Tony says immediately upon having JARVIS pick up the call.
You can find me on Tumblr as
“I didn’t know about any shipment,” the Omega says forcefully.
“I know a blind spot in the cameras,” Tony refutes, “I tracked the lines of sight of all the cameras, and found the one secluded nook of this cave that isn’t surveilled.”
“Very tasteful. Thank you, From Stane.”
The next morning, he tells the other Alpha to finally agree to do their bidding. Tony has work to do.
to come back to you. I promise you that, okay? I know the last 3 months have been hard, and it’ll take more than just this to make you feel better, but I’m here and I’m here for you.”
“A child's simple question, ‘Where are my mother and father?’ There's very little hope for these refugees, refugees who can only wonder who, if anyone, will help.”
“Okay,” Yahya relents nervously, “okay.”
you get this number? In fact, how did you get past the security defense of the call? I gotta say I’m impressed.”
Yahya takes his time prepping Tony, even though Omegas in Heat hardly need any, while whispering sweet nothings and reassurances, leaving Tony writhing in pleasure and whimpering and pleading for Yahya to just
Pepper looks up at Tony in surprise. This is probably not the best way for her to find out, but Tony needed to tell Obie now rather later.
Obie comes back his way, ripping a motorcyclist off his bike and throwing it at Tony.
He pauses. Unsure how to tell them what he needs to tell them. “Dad is—“ he is interrupted by Zeke.
“What,” Tony started breathlessly (Steve was secretly smug about the impact that kiss had on Tony), “
“There is still a heartbeat sir, and no signs of miscarriage. I believe that this ordeal has not had an effect on the fetus,” the AI informs.
A Stark Industries missile lands right next to him. Tony starts to scramble away, not even given the time to wonder why
They just might make it out of there.
“Ah watch it,” Tony admonishes as a bot pulls just a little bit too hard.
Tony hastily grabs his go-bag and makes his way back to the living room where he found Pepper and all of his children (sans Zeke).
“That’s right, bub,” Tony nods. When it didn’t seem like Zeke would elaborate any further Tony continues, “That doesn’t explain what’s wrong Zeke.”
“That’s amazing.” Obie pauses. “Listen to me, Tony. We’re a team. Do you understand?” Tony doesn’t see the slap coming but he feels the sting and force of it the second Obie’s touch leaves his skin. “But don’t you ever talk back to me like that again, Omega.”
“Okay, good, ‘cause I’m staring at something right now and it’s about to be blown to kingdom come.” With that, the phone call ends.
Pepper’s smile widens as Tony walks toward her. “Your eyes are red. A few tears for your long-lost boss?” Tony asks in jest.
“Sir,” JARVIS interrupts, “It seems that Jamie is awake and calling for your attention.” The screen on the wall becomes a video of his youngest crying for his mother.
“More than the one, but you already know about Zeke,” Tony fibs. He’s not just going to tell her about Harley and Peter just because she came across Jamie, “I’m just here to remind you that not only will I rip you to shreds in court should you break the NDA, but that if you tell anyone about my children, you will be endangering the lives of innocent children. Oh, I’m also here to watch the show.”
As he walks down the aisle, Tony scans the crowds and feels a bit of tension leave his body as he finds his best friend Rhodey amongst the faces, looking solemn as he watches Tony walk by. Edwin Jarvis, the man Tony considered to
“No you’re fine,” the inventor soothes, “You’re the most capable, qualified, trustworthy person I’ve ever met. I trust you with my kids’ lives, of course, I trust you with mine. You’re gonna do great.”
Steve knew that he couldn’t just barge into Stark, or rather Avengers, Tower and haul Tony away over his shoulder like a caveman. As much as Steve would like to grab Tony at this very moment and take him away from the Avengers, from Captain America, from the rest of the world, he couldn’t do that. Tony would hate that, and it would just make the genius resent him. Tony would never truly be his if he forced him away. No, Steve had to coax Tony away. He had to get into Tony’s good graces and slowly win him over before he could whisk Tony away from the rest of the world so they could live their lives together without anyone interfering, not HYDRA, not Bucky Barnes, not the Avengers, and definitely not Steve’s counterpart.
Tony smiles. “Get your godkids. I want them here when I come home. Love you, man.” The faceplate latches into place. “Oh, and keep the kids clear.”
He turns to reveal a lump of hot coal held between tongs. “Open your mouth.”
The Alpha breaks the silence, “I'm sure they're looking for you, Stane. But they will never find you in these mountains. Look, what you just saw, that is your legacy, Stane. Your life's work, in the hands of those murderers. Is that how you want to go out? Is this the last act of defiance of the great Tony Stane? Or are you going to do something about it?”
Rhodey himself finally responds. “Tony, you still there?”
him to get Masters's degrees and PhDs. See, where Howard despises Tony and willfully ignores the fact that his son is far more intelligent than he, Obadiah seems to salivate at the thought. Tony can practically visualize the dollar signs in Obadiah’s eyes whenever Tony explains any sort of project he is working on to his fiancé. To be fair, it was a win-win-win solution: Howard was able to choose his Alpha business partner and protege as his successor, Obadiah would be the next CEO of Stark Industries and would get the Omega partner he always believed he deserved, and Tony would be able to do the one thing he truly wants to do in life,
“There’s nothing to be sorry for,” his eldest exclaims, “Dad tried to kill you!”
~*~*~*~*~
“Punched him. I came close once.”
“It’s nice to meet you, Yahya.**”
in one.)
“That’s on purpose. I didn’t want my kids to grow up the way I did, with cameras flashing and everyone having an opinion on their lives. Zeke was already known, but I did my best to make sure he stayed out of the press. It’s hard to keep them all a secret when I love them so much and would like nothing better than to show off my amazing children. But it’s better for them this way.”
“You have until tomorrow.” With that, the man walks out, his soldiers flanking him.
December 19, 1999.
“Well it’s your fucking job,” Obie growls, twisting Tony’s arm just a bit more, “You are the face of Stark Industries. I don’t care what the fuck happened in Afghanistan, you don’t fucking pull that shit.”
Tony’s captors don’t take his refusal particularly well. They waterboard him.
. But if you leave, don’t come back again.”
Tony is finally free.
Steve’s eyes twinkle with mischief as a grin spread across his face. “
The Alpha walks towards Tony. “The bow and arrow,” he continues as he pulls down the neck of Tony’s top to expose the arc reactor before moving onto one of their work stations, “once was the pinnacle of weapons technology. It allowed the great Genghis Khan to rule from the Pacific to the Ukraine. An empire twice the size of Alexander the Great and four times the size of the Roman Empire.”
Obie shakes his head, “I’ve been home a lot because you’ve been gone. I need to go to New York and pacify the Board.”
They don’t work all the time. At night, things wind down, Tony and Yinsen have some kind of supper in the form of whatever gruel they are provided. At these times, their captors don’t rush in and start yelling at signs of them slowing down. Tony guesses they acknowledge that Tony and Yinsen are human beings that need rest. So, at night they take it easy.
“Is it cool if I take a picture with you?”
~*~*~*~*~
though it is the other way around in their fic.
“Get out of there right now!”
Except for his neighbor Mr. Bassett. He absolutely, without a doubt
Life goes on.
Obie only chuckles, “Tony, my dear, you can’t afford to be this naive.”
Tony lifts himself up on the bed, despite his friend’s protests. “I missed you so goddamn much Rhodey,” Tony nearly sobs as he reaches his arm around Rhodey. The Beta immediately wraps his arms around the Omega as well.
“Can I at least get a reaction from you?”
“How ironic, Tony,” the Alpha bellows, “You never wanted to build weapons, and yet you built the best one ever! And now I’m going to kill you with it!”
Barnes did this on his own. HYDRA didn’t send him. Barnes took
“Come here,” Tony says as he waves the two young boys over. The young Omega and Alpha don’t waste a second as they dash towards their mother’s open arms.
“Hi,” Zeke responds casually, “I’m Ezekiel Stane. You can call me Zeke. Nanny Clara says you’re gonna be my momma now.”
don’t be late. Love you, little brother.”
“Oh my god,” Pepper gasps once she gets close to the Omega, staring at the glowing device in Tony’s chest, “Is that the thing that’s keeping you alive.”
. He couldn’t let that happen under
them. In fact, a lot of the time Tony is the one dancing
Here is some more info about my A/B/O verse, specifically on gender and sexuality:
“Your Jericho.”
“Now, don’t let it touch the,” Tony felt the spark of electricity running through him before he could finish, “sides when you’re coming out.”
“I asked about yours,” Pepper smirks.
Steve walks over to the scene of the commotion. There isn’t exactly a crowd as maybe two or three other residents having come out to see what’s going on; everyone else is either out or has decided to ignore Mr. Bassett (which is probably a smart move). “Mr. Bassett, is there a reason you are trying to get the attention of the whole floor?” Steve asks with as straight a face as he can manage.
However, Mr. Bassett is a bitter, bigoted old man, in every shape and form. He is racist, homophobic, xenophobic, basically any and every type of horrible a person could be. And
Once arriving and settling Zeke into a guest room, Tony rants to his mother about his husband and she patiently listens. Then she says the five words that have always shattered his world, “It is what it is.”
Tony looks to his closest friends and his children. Jarvis would be proud of him for the family he created.
Obie’s face breaks out into a grin. Tony can’t tell if it’s false or not. “This is great news, babe. Maybe you’ll give me another Alpha son yet.” Tony was not expecting the Alpha to kiss him soundly. When Obie finally pulls away, he continues, “I know you just gave me amazing news and I wish we could celebrate alone together, but I really do have to go back tonight.”
In the limo, Tony is visibly tense, nervous about what will come. Obadiah puts a hand on Tony’s knee. Tony stays tense.
Looking into Peter’s shining eyes, wide with curiosity, Tony knows that he needs to start restricting access to the kids. He needs to keep them safe, but he can’t stop working on this. He hopes they will understand.
Tony hesitates. “Well, I guess if you’re really,
Tony clears his throat, not expecting the emotional turn the conversation has taken. “I’m bored of dancing. I need something to drink. Want something from the bar?”
“No, no, no, no, no, the less I know, the better. What am I supposed to tell the press?” Rhodey says exasperated.
“What is it?”
It's looking like this will hopefully be a weekly update. Cross your fingers it stays regular.
“Take care of
In this moment, as Tony looks between his defiant children, it dawns on Tony that the loyalty he has for Obie due to his children far exceeded the loyalty his children had to their father. He did not know why he continued to make excuses for the Alpha, probably from years and years of abuse and conditioning, but this was where it stopped. The only things that link Tony to that man are his children, who have no desire to be linked to the Alpha.
“I’m fine, honey bear. I sent Pepper a voicemail and had JARVIS call her as soon as Zeke woke up. And technically, he hit me. Now, are you going to come by and see what I’m working on?”
“It would be irresponsible not to drink,” Tony says cheekily, “Come on, Rhodey. Obie isn’t here and won’t be around me for the next couple of days. When is the next time I’m going to get this chance again? My Alpha may like for me to pretend to be an eccentric billionaire who can never go without a drink in his hands, but he’d never grant me a license. I’m just talking about a nightcap.” Like many things, Omegas are required to get Alpha authorization to both drink alcohol and to gamble. Obie requires Tony to act like he drinks (and a lot at that) as according to his Alpha, no one in the business would trust someone who didn’t, especially an Omega that they're skeptical about already. Yet, the one time Tony asked Obie for such a license, the older man backhanded him.
Rhodey looks up abruptly. “No Tony. We are not drinking. We are working right now.”
“You know why.”
Tony is a bit taken aback. “What?”
Mr. Bassett opens his mouth, seemingly to snap back, but the man interrupts him before he can even begin.
“You told me not to!”
“This is Commander Rogers speaking.”
The soldiers are running towards them and as they come closer Tony can start to make them out. It’s Rhodey. Rhodey came for him. Tony can feel his eyes watering.
“Zeke, call your Uncle Happy. I need to head out.”
“Glad to be of service. Can I tell you a secret though?”
He has finally done it. Tony has finally completed Mark Two. JARVIS has done all the tests that he needed to after the armor molded onto Tony’s body when Tony indicates that he wants to let it out for a test run.
“What is going on here?” Tony turns to the voice in question. It’s Pepper, who he had not even noticed had come in.
“Override alpha-pizza-theta-Tesla-Jones. Take me to Tony Stark,” Steve said calmly, though he was anything but. This was a risk. This was a different world. With so much different, what was the likelihood that this one override code stays exactly the same?
“Nothing,” the Omega shrugs, “I’m just going into cardiac arrest ‘cause you yanked it out like a trout.”
Tony looks closely at the rings. Both have inscriptions on them in Pashto. Tony, who has decided to take on the language of his unborn child’s sire, could recognize one word on the smaller ring.
“Is there a reason? Is there a reason, he asks,” Mr. Bassett hollers, a slight French accent still present in his voice even after half a century of living on this side of the globe, “That insolent little brat of 5J has glued me to the floor. My hands are stuck on this infernal box. And no matter how much I yell, that bastard has not come out of hiding. If I ever see that tiny rascal ever again, he’s going to get it!”
away from him. Steve saw nothing but red. He wouldn’t get away with this. In one quick motion, he let go of Barnes’s throat, grabbed the dagger, and slashed his former best friend’s throat. Killing Barnes the same way Barnes had killed Tony. The Winter Soldier never stood a chance.
“Strategic Homeland Intervention, Enforcement, and Logistics Division,” the Beta supplies.
“Got a family?”
He fires another. “So hold still, my sweet little Omega.” And then another.
