He and his siblings were taking all the money they needed to pass as humans by scraping it off some Wall Street scheme Gabriel had worked up with Lucifer a while back, so that’s where Cas had gotten the idea for the stock trading story. “Uh, yeah. Stocks too. That’s not what I like to focus on, though.”
Anna came over and put a hand on his shoulder. “Hey, it’s ok. We’re doing the best we can, and that, right now, is the humans’ best chance, ok? But you can’t keep beating yourself up, Cas. And you can’t keep letting utter pessimism be your only outlet, ok? It helps no one.”
Cas gave a halfhearted smile as he stood up. “Thanks,” he said and headed for the door.
Castiel had been there when Dean was at his lowest. Alastair had done some of his worst work on Dean. Cas could still remember how Dean’s soul looked when he first found him. He had never seen a human soul so shriveled and twisted. So obviously tortured. Alastair had been torturing not only Dean’s body and mind, but directly attacking his soul as well.
“So. Did you always want to be a philanthropist bee keeper?” Dean asked.
He looked up from his plate to Jimmy’s face. Sure enough, he had that ‘I have something to say but I don’t know how to phrase it to you’ expression on his face.
Cas crossed his arms and raised an eyebrow. “It can be read?! There is one human. One! Who has any Chance at being able to read that. Do you know how many humans there are Gabe! We’ll never find the prophet.”
“Dean!” Cas exclaimed, still laughing a bit. “Is this why you’ve been so wound up today?”
Crowley chuckled. He waved his hand to the woman next to Kevin.
Anna looked at her brother. “Naomi,” she said. He nodded, getting more animated.
#####
Then he’d gone on to share even more. “I know you know about demons, Deanie,” Archangel had said to him. That had been a surprise to Dean. It had sent off instant alarm bells in his head and brought up a whole host of questions Dean wanted to ask, but the Archangel didn’t seem to be planning to stop for questions. He’d barreled straight on, “but the rest of your little humans don’t, and we wanna keep it that way, ok? Alastair was a dick but he’s no longer a concern. Don’t you worry your pretty little head over those sigils,” he said with a wink. He’d just kept going from there, leaving Dean to internally meltdown, barely still remaining present enough to take notes.
“No. I was going to leave for the hospital in half an hour. I’ll go get it though,” she said, standing up.
Crowley chuckled. “You sure catch on fast. Must be that MIT education coming through. Sorry about that nasty business in Boston, by the way.” Crowley frowned. “I had to outsource. Ugh, contractors. My condolences about Chantal.”
Benny nodded. “See ya’ at eight, brother.”
Naomi closed the report and smiled.
But he felt he was entitled to acting a little childish today. Especially since he was suppressing his most childish wish: all he really wanted to do was call his mom and tell her everything. And have her tell him it would all be ok.
Dean shook his head. “Nah. I’ve had my own place ever since my brother moved out for college.”
~~~~~
Dean's POV
“Oh,” Balthazar replied, raising his eyebrows suggestively. “Cassie, you’ve been going here practically every day for weeks now. Did you honestly think I wouldn’t notice?”
“I don’t know, man. Doesn’t sit easy with me.”
“Sure, I’ll probably be helping with the processing for a while, though.”
Jo made a face at Dean. “I can handle myself, you know, Dean.”
“I should never have even come to this party,” Dean thought to himself. And he wouldn’t have, normally. Meg was kind of a bitch to him and his brother, so he only ever came to her parties when he had friends going already. But she was real close with Castiel Novak, so he figured maybe she had a nice side somewhere deep down. Like, deeeeeep down. Last year Dean had gone to Meg Masters’ parties on whenever thought Cas would be there. However, Cas was Meg’s neighbor, so that ended up being most of her parties. Now Dean had learned his lesson and only goes on occasion.
The hysteria in his mind receded, and he took stock of his situation.
“I have an invitation too, and I thought it unlikely that there would be two black-tie events in town a month from now.”
In hind sight, starting something the week before school was a terrible idea. But, I have four tests and a project due over the next two days, none of which am I remotely prepared for, so naturally my brain was like "time to update that fic from august!"
Gabe shot up. Anna looked at him, surprised. “But bringing them here! Bringing them here – even with the big upstairs not so big, to bring them here, that would take an angel. We locked those things up six ways to Sunday. An angel is the only thing that could’ve possibly opened that can of worms on this dull plane.”
Dean Winchester had a soul so strong that he withstood three weeks of Hell on Earth. He’d raised Sam strong enough to turn down the devil, to believe he could build his own happiness, with just the measly powers any human possesses. And now, thanks to Cas, Gabe, and Anna, Lucifer was stripped of his powers, rotting in a human prison.
“Dean, it’s ok. I trust you. Thanks.”
Cas looked over at Balthazar, who gave him an encouraging smile and two thumbs up. “Oh yes,” he said, returning to Dean. “My brother, Balthazar.”
Castiel was mortified that any of them were even having this conversation.
When Castiel had gotten there Dean had barely been lucid. He was so frail that when Castiel grabbed his shoulder to guide him out, it had left a bruise.
Encouraged by Castiel’s determination, Dean did just as Cas had said. Cas really was stronger than he seemed, and true to his word his arm held steady the whole time Dean eased down to the branch he was on.
“Mornin’ Cas,” Dean said. “I see you have company today?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Uh, Cas, no offense but I’ve gotta have at least like 20 pounds on you. Do you really think you’d be able to hold me up?”
Casitel couldn’t say she was wrong. He’s never been great with humans, especially with comforting them. He took off to look around the school. He knew Gabe was already out for evidence, so he didn’t worry about investigating any of the mess he saw. But he couldn’t help but note that the leviathans had really done a number on the school. Debris from the music building was scattered about for almost a full block. The streets, which Castiel was sure were usually full of students and professors, were empty. Eyes looked out from almost every window he flew past.
Dean was still trying to digest the fact that he’d just heard a grown man say “idk” out-loud. He’d only ever heard Kevin and Jo say that, and he always teased the ever-living daylights out of Jo when she ‘verbalized text-speak’ as Ellen called it. But he figured Loki’s advice was probably sound. “I’ll take the honey apple pie, a large to go.” Dean did not want to think about how embarrassingly excited it made him that the dessert combined something he loved, apple pie, with something Jimmy loved, honey. Damn, this date prospect really had his brain in sappiness overdrive.
“I’m Crowley. I’m here to enlist your… translation services.”
“And left an almighty Word of God in a public dormitory building, filled with adolescents?” Anna added.
Dean had been covering non-Angles stories in the meantime, but even then the only thing of interest that had occurred lately was a freak fire at one of Crowley’s warehouses. Dean had gotten there after the fire was already out, around the time of the arson investigators. Crowley had definitely beat them all to the punch, as the inside of the warehouse had clearly been relocated in a hurry.
Dean rolled his neck and stood up. “Goin’ to lunch early, brother?” Benny asked.
“But enough about my brother, I-“ he said in a rush, trying to change the subject hurriedly but Jimmy interrupted him.
All this blood plus no ambulances did not add up to anything good.
Where do u live. I’ll pick u up @ 7:30
Cas stared at his phone and hit send. He hoped he wasn’t overstepping his boundaries.
“No, I’m perfectly fine giving the interview,” Cas responded, “and I know how we’ve decided to go about telling the humans about the leviathans, but what about the prophet? How am I supposed to explain an attack on a college without revealing the prophet’s existence and approximate age to every scared human in this town?”
(See the end of the chapter for
>>From: Dean Winchester
Do readers tend to prefer one line between paragraphs (the way I did Cas’s POV) or two lines between paragraphs (the way I did Dean’s POV)? Please let me know! If there’s a preference, I’ll space the chapters that way going forward.
Jimmy made a face. He looked disgusted. Shit, Dean hoped he wasn't homophobic. He was about to start panicking and thinking he seriously read Jimmy wrong when he answered. He seemed flustered and embarassed but not offended. And he didn't repremand Dean on how what he'd been asking about had been 'unnatural' or anything. Dean felt relief wash over him. “Cool.” He replied.
Cas picked up the article and skimmed through it. When he put the paper back down Gabriel’s face was right in front of his.
Thank goodness for four day weekends. Happy day-after-Thanksgiving.
“Dean, you’re clearly already quite inebriated. I would have an unfair upper hand.”
But now he was regretting his choice to go caffeine-free this morning. Seriously.
Anna laughed and said “You know he’s gonna be insufferable forever, now that you’ve given him that.”
“Sir?” the cashier asked.
Cas squinted again. “I think humans might be smarter than you’re giving them credit for.”
“Ok, Dean. Let’s just stay here.” Cas wrapped his arm around Dean and rubbed his head against Dean’s chest.
#####
“I… have basically been entirely cut off from my family.” Cas said.
>>From: Cas
Gabe was unusually somber. “We’re just gonna have to.” Cas sat down, defeated. “Cassie, listen to me. Listen to me! We’re going to need all we’ve got on this one, we’re gonna need you firing at top capacity, ok? We can’t have you –“
~~~~~
Dean was talking now about how his brother doesn’t get to have much free time because he and his wife are always working. He started talking about how there was some sort of event his brother was taking him to, but he felt bad that being Sam’s plus-one meant taking the night from Sam and Jess. Cas wasn’t sure why Sam would even be taking Dean to the event, but then Dean continued “… because he’s too good of a brother so he’s gonna selflessly let me be his plus one, so I can be the nosy little reporter that I am, because he heard that there will probably be Angles talk with the mayor and he wants me to be as in-the-know as possible since I always do their stories…”
1)	The dude who had just found him up a tree was Castiel.
Dean came up to Cas and adjusted his tie. Cas felt a blush rise in his cheeks at the proximity. He looked into Dean’s eyes. Cas could get lost in that sea of green. In the beauty of Dean’s soul swirling around him. “You don’t wear a trench coat to a gala hosted by the mayor. Besides, it’s only gonna be a drizzle. I have an umbrella in my suit bag, I got us covered.”
But he knew that was a far reach.
Bobby Singer looked up from his stack of papers. “Boy, it’s Mr. Singer at work; I’ve told you that a thousand times. Anyway, that superman of yours just hit downtown.”
A couple weeks ago, Dean had been in a lull of stories, so when Bobby asked if anyone wanted to help answer the questions people had for the newspaper and general PR for when people got pissed at their stories, Dean had jumped at the chance to make some more money each week. He’d thought that it would mainly be dealing with the latter, but this extra task ended up being less dealing with angry assholes and more with stupid assholes, who were one-thousand times worse. Of course, the fact that soon after that he was appointed to cover all the angels stories and now had actual work to do, did not make him feel better about having to play ambassador to the idiots of this town.
There was another moment between them and Dean somewhat hoped Jimmy would invite him to talk more. Maybe even ask Dean to make good on his promise to introduce him to the pie at this very restaurant...
He walked up the steps to the house and rang the doorbell.
A few minutes later, an officer came out of the house and approached Castiel. “Mr. Warrior, sir, Detective Song wants to speak with you inside. I can direct anyone else who arrives.”
After the movie ended, they made some dinner. They were eating on the couch now, and Dean mentioned how it was curious that they often ate takeout from Trickster’s Treats, but Castiel always refused to dine in at the actual shop.
Jo socked him in the shoulder. “She also said not to tell him it was her!” she hissed through her lips at him.
Again.
~~~~~~~
“I also think you’re going to be late for opening if you don’t leave soon.”
It seemed the fire had been started by a cache of holy oil spilling onto a hearth of hellfire. It seemed that an entire rack of holy oil had then caused a minor explosion, setting flame to the surrounding joy-kill ‘trophies’ hung around the exterior walls, which then caught the neighboring trophies and so on until the entire exterior of the warehouse had caught fire.
>>From: Cas
“Yesh. You’re talking like you haven’t seen each other in ages. It’s been less than a week, buckos.”
He pitied the human authorities on their way here.
#####
Dean walked into Trickster’s Treats at 6:25. He didn’t walk up to the cashier immediately, instead choosing to stand off to the side and consider the menu posted above. He had been debating for a long time what flavor, or flavors, of pie to get and hadn’t been able to make up his mind. ‘Come on, Winchester,’ he thought to himself ‘it’s just a pie, not a freaking wedding ring, he doesn’t have to love it, it just has to taste good,’ then after a bit he caught himself. ‘Did I just think “wedding ring”? Oh, what am I doing.’
“Or information that will still be useless to us unless we can find the prophet.”
The movie ended and Dean looked at Cas with a huge smile on his face. Cas knew this was the part where Dean wanted to hear his thoughts.
Hs no one ever sent that to u?
Sam and Jess were sitting on one side of the booth, Dean on the other. They’d started off at the bar, talking with Jo, but when the rest of the seats had filled up she’d kicked them out, because ‘sorry guys, but flirting gets the most tips and your seats are wasted on guys I’ve grown up with since I was ten.’
Cas glowered at him. “For the last time, Gabriel. Dean is not our biggest concern at the moment. Anna will be back from her cover soon. We should be focusing on the prophet.”
“If you say soooo….” Sam trailed off.
Cas shrugged and poured himself another. Dean watched in awe as Cas did four more shots. Cas put down his twelfth shot. “Ok, now…” he swayed a bit in his seat and sloppily pointed a finger at Dean “I am very drunk.”
Dean, who handed him a phone.
“Mr. Warrior,” he said. “My name is Mark. I’m here to stay with the students if you want to get back to your associates at the music hall. However, I am supposed to inform you that your superhuman speed and strength would be helpful in transporting these students to the hospital. We we’re told the students were unconscious but not in any medical danger, so the EMTs will each be bringing their own stretchers, instead of the usual teams of two per stretcher, but even then your help would greatly speed up the process.”
Gabe smiled at him.
The next Saturday Cas was free, but Dean had to take Sam to a doctor’s appointment.
“Me?” Dean asked, his eyebrows raising from surprise. This gorgeous man wanted to date him?
He shouldn’t have gone poking around those not-quite-truths. Shouldn’t have asked questions, so many questions that the system collapsed under their weight. Shouldn’t have let his own doubt spread to others, who couldn’t handle it as well, who looked up and didn’t like realizing they were just another cog in the machine. Another drone bee, thoughtlessly following the orders of the queen. Indistinguishable from any other mind-numb soldier.
“How did the interview go?” Anna asked.
“Exactly,” Castiel responded. “I feel like-“ he paused, trying to find the right words “like Thursday finally realized he didn’t need to follow some plan the days he thought were ‘more important’ had decided. He finally realized he didn’t need to always have the force of the whole week behind him. He could start things on Thursdays and end them on Thursdays, just because it was right to do so.”
Cas’ train of thought came to a halting screech. “Oh, uh. Yeah.” Ok, so, his plan of redirecting the conversation had not worked. He was scrambling to try and find another direction to take the conversation, when a ding sounded from his left and Dean got up to check on the pie.
After they came for him in Boston he had run to the last place he thought they would look for him.
Dean added Cas to his contacacts and tried to think of a way to explain himself without seeming like a total idiot.
Cas got in the car and Dean pulled away to go to his house.
“It had to have been.” Anna responded. “Crowley didn’t go from some nameless minor contract demon to top of the food chain just by chance. He’s resourceful. He’s smart. He always has a plan and is always working towards it. Burning half his supply can’t be helping him in any way. There’s no way he did this on purpose, and no way he’s make such a simple mistake.”
Castiel looked up.  “Ask him for his number, Cassie,” Balthazar hissed as Cas stood. He rolled his eyes at Balthazar and walked over to Dean, Balthazar giving his back a knowing look as he walked away. Cas approached Dean with a smile.
“Oh! Well, uh. Great!” Dean said. Cas could tell over the line that Dean was smiling on the other side. He could feel the corners of his own mouth turning up, too. “I was thinking how about Trickster’s Treats? I could finally introduce you to their pie.”
Gabriel hummed in thought. After a while he snapped his fingers suddenly. “Ah ha!” he exclaimed.
“So, you think this prophet is that powerful?” Cas asked.
“Well, didn’t we once think the prophet was in Boston? That’s a college town.” Anna said. “And we know the prophet is out of childhood, so it’s possible the leviathans have some sort of more accurate read on the prophet’s age than we do, and know for sure that ‘college-age’ is right.”
He was in a much different present, now. With much different concerns, which he could now feel all rushing into his mind. He tried to push that all aside; he wanted to give his full attention to this nice night out with Sam and Jess.
“Well, we’ll have to find the prophet anyway. Might as well get as much information ready as we can for when that day comes.” Anna said.
“Dean-o?” Gabe said, looking around.
Cas leaned in and kissed him. “Me too,” he said. “And I’m sure it will.”
“Ok,” Cas chuckled.
“Suuuure, Dean,” Sam said. Dean could literally hear the annoying face Sam was making. “Well, we’ll see ya there, man.”
“Of course not.”
Dean relaxed back into his position against Cas’s side. “I guess that’s true.” He looked at him from the side. “You’re lucky I have impeccable taste, so your culture crash course has at least been a good one.”
“Yeah, I, uh, come here a lot.” 'Great,' he thought to himself. 'Real convincing and not suspicious a lot, Castiel.'
“Really?”
Dean was shocked and sat there speechless for a couple moments.
“Cas? Buddy?” Gab snapped his fingers in front of Cas’ face.
Definitely not like a man still swimming in post traumatic stress who should probably be putting more effort into his mental health.
Dean spent the rest of the interview transcribing Archangel’s words without really taking anything in. At least he’d had that tactile action to focus on, or Dean definitely would have combusted on the spot.
Hey, Cas. Well, apparently when I’m drunk I can’t say no to a truth or dare. Crowly likes to dare me to do dumb things.
Why couldn’t he have left good enough alone?
“How’s he taking it?” Dean asked Charlie as he pulled out the stool next to her.
A detective he recognized started walking up to the door. Dean tried to get closer so he could get a picture of the inside when the door opened, but a woman in uniform held a had up. “We’re not letting anyone past this point, sir. Not even press. You can go wait over there behind the tape if you want.” She pointed over toward the part of the curb nearer the main street, where a large group of people was gathered.
Cas couldn’t help but smile back. He hadn’t really been processing the movie, too busy drinking in the newness of a date at Dean’s, but he did have one point of contention he’d been paying enough attention to register with the movie: “I’m not sure how I feel about the part where it was revealed at the end that the prophecy had been right the whole time, and everything that had happened was destined from the start.”
Castiel grumbled a bit, blushing.
Cas hissed at him. “Don’t draw attention. He’s already seen us all together. Now he’s met all of us as the Angles and as civilians you two are the only ones he’s seem James Novack interact with. He has to be on to us.”
He knew that at this point, it was getting kind of ridiculous. He should just ask the guy out.
Kevin felt his heart drop. He froze.
“Yeah, Dean?”
Cas chuckled.
Dean followed Anna into the kitchen. He had seen a lot of fancy homes while going down this donors list, so by now he had more than enough experience that he didn’t openly gawk at the beautiful kitchen, but he did look around in a way he hoped was discreet. Finally, his eyes settled on a man seated at an expensive-looking wooden table in the kitchen. Something felt off about this man too. But he looked absolutely stunning.
“It’s ok, Dean I’m stronger than I look.”
“Yeah, hours ago!” Gabe shouted, laughing. “Rainforests have dried into deserts since then!”
>>From: Dean Winchester
He flew to the woods out on the west side of town, where all his siblings when after doing anything in the city as an Angel. He flew and walked around until he was sure no one was following him, then he walked to the fake tree which led to the tunnels underground. He changed out of the costume he wore as the Angels’ Warrior, which allowed for free movement of his wings, and into the suit and trench coat he had left at the entrance to the tunnels.
“Oh!” Cas blushed, the realization dawning on him. He couldn’t believe he hadn’t recognized Dean Winchester! He blamed it on the fact that Dean’s voice sounded different. Cas assumed it was because he had spent the night partying. Most strange sights Cas was greeted by on his walks home from work had to do with some party his neighbor, Meg, had thrown. Finding Dean Winchester cursing up a storm in Mrs. Prithson’s tree definitely fell under the category of “strange things seen by Castiel Novak”.
/////////////////
“Yeah,” Charlie went on. “Over and over he kept being like ‘no you don’t understand, you don’t understand, it’s all my fault.’ I mean I feel so bad for him. I can’t imagine.”
“Hmmm?” Dean kept walking forward a bit, then stopped in his tracks and almost tripped over his own feet when he realized Cas was no longer keeping pace with him. He whipped his head around a couple times until saw that Cas was standing a couple steps back, with his hand resting on the passenger side door of Dean’s car. “Oh.” Dean felt like an idiot. How could he have missed that they were already at his impala!
Of course, Dean’s lack of success with dating recently only meant Sam and Charlie tried to set him up more.
They were sitting in Ellen and Bobby’s living room, discussing the recent silence from the Angels.
He texted Pamela.
He figured these kids were knocked unconscious instead of killed because the demons knew that he and his siblings would’ve been able to instantly sense the deaths, and they wanted to go undisturbed for as long as possible. And the fact that these kids were knocked out but the others weren’t meant that the leviathans were just looking for items in the dorms, but from the kids at the music hall they must have wanted information. Demons don’t usually resort to soul examinations for information, though, so he was left wondering.
“Gabe, we were all going to be philanthropists. You’re the one who said you wanted to just, quote, ‘spend all of your days surrounded by sweets’.” Anna said.
Which is even more proof that this man could not be Castiel. It wouldn’t make sense for the Renegade and the Warrior to be living together without the Archangel. And it wouldn’t make sense for Castiel to suddenly be named James.
Cas laughed. “Of course.”
Then. A man walked in through the doors. He was dressed all in black, wearing a suit and tie. A woman in a jean jacket and combat boots and someone in business casual flanked him on each side. The woman’s eyes flashed black and she grabbed him. The person in business casual put a bag over his head and he could feel himself being dragged.
Gabe took on a more serious tone. “I mean he was obviously freaking out,” then Gabe went right back to his usual upbeat tone, “but! Nothing like at the house with the blood sigils, so I count that as a win!”
“What about you? Do you like to do anything outside of the newspaper and tending to your ‘baby’?” Cas said, with the air-quotes he used whenever talking about Dean’s car.
He thought about what Archangel had told him when Dean had interviewed him. About how angels live in heaven, and watch over humans. And about how there was something called a Leviathan, creatures that live in purgatory and watch over monsters in a similar way, but with more attention paid to causing suffering. The Leviathans had sensed the suffering caused by Naomi, and had somehow travelled to Earth to find her. They were looking through the students’ minds for any hints as to her whereabouts.
Dean felt like a hundred pounds he didn’t even know he was carrying had lifted off his shoulders. Sam and Jess had done so much for him lately, and he was so glad he’d be able to give them a night out. “Oh, Sam’s not gonna believe this! Mind if I go call him now?”
“What can I say, Sammy. Things are lookin’ good!”
“Alright,” Dean nodded. Just then he saw the doors open and there Castiel was, walking out of the double glass doors, leading five prisoners to freedom. Only two could walk on their own. One was holding the doors open. The other was supporting a woman with blood running down her right leg. Castiel was carrying the other two out. Dean took a picture.
Benny gave him a knowing wink then changed the topic. They talked about Sam, and how his cases were going. By now both of them had finished their beer, both they both had to drive home so neither of them ordered anything stronger. They talked about Benny, and how his sponsor was (Benny was three years clean, and Dean had helped get him there and was proud of his friend). They talked about the shows they were watching, and eventually the conversation circled back to work.
“Bobby, what’s up?”
Castiel was sitting in the garden when his phone rang. There was no caller ID, but fortunately angels did not have to rely on such basic human technology. He knew it was Dean. He flew into the house where Gabriel and Anna were. “Dean Winchester is calling me.” He looked at them. “Should I answer it?”
But what still didn’t make sense in Dean’s crack-pipe theory – even if said theory seemed to be becoming more and more substantial by the minute – was Loki. The Archangel. Why would only two of the Angels live together? Why would two be philanthropists and one be a small business owner?
Cas continued. “Under Naomi,” he had said Dean, “I wished every day that I were dead. The things she made me do…” he had looked away with tears forming in his eyes. He cleared his throat. “She has powerful sources of intel and knows pretty much anything going on in the city at a given time. She forced me to… do things. Terrible things. I hated them, Dean, I hated myself! I almost couldn’t live with myself afterwards.” Dean was heartbroken.
He had been outvoted, but he still thought this was a bad idea. But, he knew his siblings. Once it was any two of them against the other everyone doubled-down on their stubborn-ness, and they were all pretty stubborn to begin with. Changing a two-against-one vote was practically impossible. “I really don’t have a choice, do I?”
it will, unfortunately, be a while before I update. Or try to fix the posted chapters. :|
That movie part at the end was supposed to be a short section… not sure what happened there, but oops oh well! Hope you enjoyed the extra-long chapter :)
Dean made a face like he felt bad about something. “What’s wrong?” Cas asked.
“Come on, Cas. You’re gonna have to decide what to do about Dean eventually,” Gabe said. He was sitting on the kitchen table while he and Cas waited for Anna to get back from the hospital.
And the three fallen angels had managed to stop the apocalypse. It was poetic, almost. The very angels that heaven had disappointed most turned out to be the ones to upend heaven itself.
Kevin looked around the bus station. No one with entirely black eyes. Not that that meant much, but at least it was something. He sat down on a bench near the corner. Easier to see, harder to be seen. He put his duffle between his feet and his backpack on his lap.
He tried to get free. He kicked, trying to hit whomever was holding him. He felt zip ties close around his wrists. He tried to scream, to get the attention of someone in the bus station, but he could feel a seat under him and heard a door slam. They’d already put him in a car.
She grabbed his backpack and used it to turn him around roughly. “Hey!” he shouted, trying to reach back and stop her.
Fuck.
Charlie had invited a bunch of people for some party based entirely on a reference Castiel did not get. Apparently “May the fourth” was something worth partying about. When Cas had arrived he told Charlie he didn’t understand why the date was so exciting. She and Dean had gasped simultaneously and looked at Cas with the same comically wide eyes and mouth. Cas brought his hand up to cover his mouth as he laughed. “Is there a problem?”
Not just any school. His school.
#####
Benny laughed at him. “Well, that’s your fault for offering to do it.”
“Yes,” Cas admitted, and turned his face away so Gabe wouldn’t get the pleasure of seeing his blush.
######
“But it does matter, Cas, because they were hers.” Gabe said. He kept going, trying to reassure Cas. Cas knew Gabe was concerned, because he called him Cas, and he was speaking with an unusually serious tone.
“Yeah?”
“Anna said you’re here for the paper?”
He flew through the dorm carefully, checking room my room. It seemed everyone’s belongings had been rummaged through. He wondered why, but he ignored his urge to investigate. Gabe would do that. For now, these kids needed Cas’s full attention.
Dean squirmed a bit. He still felt weird about people referring to the Angels, specifically Castiel, as “his.” However, since he did cover all their stories for the newspaper, most people, especially people like Bobby, who worked with him, did. It wasn’t Dean’s fault that for some inexplicable reason Castiel refused to answer anyone’s questions but Dean’s.
“Man, I don’t know how you get those Angels to talk to you. No one else ever could,” Benny said. Before Dean had started covering their stories, the Angels were a bit of an annoyance around the news station.
“Sure, Dean.”
A couple moments later Cas heard his sister’s muffled voice then a deep one.
Castiel sighed. Indeed, they did.
Cas was eating breakfast with Anna in his kitchen. Gabe was putting on his “Trickster’s Treats” apron, preparing to leave for work at his bakery. “Remind me again,” he said, walking around with a lollipop in his mouth “Why you guys both get to live it up philanthropist style and I have to get to work early every day?”
Dean laughed at that response. While these had been questions that Castiel had practiced the answer to many times, since James Novack and Anna Milton did publicly live together, more questions about Anna could be dangerous. Castiel was willing to give his siblings’ theory the benefit of the doubt, and operate under the assumption that Dean hadn’t discovered their personal identities, but that doesn’t mean that Dean wouldn’t eventually put things together, if given enough data. He tried to find a way to change the direction of the conversation. “Do you have any roommates?”
he repeated in his head.
“Hey, uh, so…” Dean said while he fished his keys out of his jacket’s inside pocket. “My brother and his wife will be there tonight,” Dean said, holding his keys in his hands but making no movements to indicate he planned on starting the ignition.
She leaned over to pour Dean his usual beer. Her shirt rode up and Dean saw an older looking guy eye her up and down. “Hey, creep, she’s my sister,” Dean said, scowling at him. The man raised his hands in a mock surrender and went back to his drink.
(See the end of the chapter for
Cas stepped back so Dean could come into the house. “Anna here?” Dean asked.
“Dean Winchester.”
Cas and Anna were looking out the window. “It’s been six minutes. It normally doesn’t take them that long to get out of cars.” Anna said. “Do you think he needs help?”
He had gotten there late, Naomi had known somehow. Many of the cells he had passed by had been empty, blood stains still on the floor; it was clear several captives had been hurriedly moved to another location. He freed those who were left row after row, counting all the prisoners who weren’t there anymore. Who he wouldn’t be able to free that day. Who will have to endure who knows how much more hardship.
Dean nodded and headed out. He pulled his jacket off his chair and grabbed his keys and camera from his desk.
Kevin looked back at the man. Crowley. “Y-you need help with something in Vietnamese?” Kevin asked hesitantly.
Stands for Son Of a Bitch, Cas
“Yeah, I, uh, come here a lot.”
“Means they’re probably working with demons.” Cas sighed. “I know.”
He cut himself off. Cas gave a hollow laugh.
He’d made out at least two of Crowley’s goons in the crowd gathered on the other side of the lawn out front before Castiel and Archangel had stepped out, but that was nothing unusual. He looked at Castiel and mentally compared him to Jimmy Novak. Of course, the idea that Jimmy was the Clark Kent to Castiel’s superman was absolutely ridiculous, but Dean figured there was no harm in indulging his fantasy.
He’d gone back to the office. Once he no longer had to focus on steering wheel and speed and stoplights and breaks and other cars and lane lines and mirrors – once his brain actually had a chance to think – his mind started racing again with sigils and monsters and out-of-this-world creatures. He’d slumped down at his desk and tried to calm himself. Luckily, Benny had been able to help him, and the panic attack wasn’t nearly as bad as it could have been.
He saw Dean’s own face break into a smile as he finally reached the front door. Dean kissed him in greeting. “Hey, sunshine.”
He had just left the breakroom after filling his mug with said morning coffee. As he was walking back to his desk, he felt his phone buzzing again. He checked the screen and answered. “Sammy! What’s up, man?”
Wrote this to avoid my responsibilities because online school seems fake ✌️
Just as a heads up, I do think this chapter ends on a bit of a cliffhanger, and it might be a while before my next update. It feels weird to be writing a story with police in it given all the atrocities. And global and local circumstances mean I have less time to write starting this week and when I do have time I am finding less motivation. I very much intend to finish this work, but I will be updating much less regularly than I have been these past few weeks. Safe wishes to everybody.
“A different sort of family business?” Cas asked with a smirk.
Dean pulled up at the house. It was his second day meeting with all the donors and he was almost done. He’d been putting this stop off the whole time, but he didn’t want to end with it so he decided to go second to last. He checked the list in his passenger’s seat to make sure that, yes, he really does have to do this. He sighed and got out of the car.
The evil that radiated out from this place had been so strong that he and his siblings had been able to sense it from their house. Anna turned the knob. The three glanced between each other, mentally preparing themselves for what they were about to see. She swung the door forward.
“I didn’t find any more sigils, and no bodies or blood. It just looked like a house that hasn’t been lived in for years,” Cas said to Anna, upon his arrival.
I also spent the majority of my winter break revamping my tumblr so if u wanna check it out it's maybe-i-will-fandom. I don't really post any supernatural anymore though.
After the pie was ready, they had moved from the kitchen table to the living room. They sat next to each other on the couch, but still far enough apart that they could face each other. The change in scenery seemed to help Jimmy relax, and their conversations once again became as effortless as Dean had remembered.
The day prior, he’d even been able to finish working through the whole backlog of customer service complaints, so. Now he really had nothing to do. He’d spent two hours this morning drinking coffee. Not drinking coffee while going through emails, not drinking coffee while drafting a new story. Just. Sitting at his desk. Drinking coffee.
If his head was gonna be playing anything, its Jimmy movie was much more fun to watch than its Alastair one, but it made him feel like a teenage girl. The butterflies in his stomach didn’t help.
It was the Saturday morning after one of Meg Masters’ all night parties and Dean found himself, as he so often did after one of these parties, stuck in some place so high that he thinks he may barf if he were to look down.
“Yeah no kidding,” Dean snorted.
Today he was going to meet Sam Winchester.
Things had still been suspiciously quiet since the first sign of the Leviathans, but in the little over 2 months since then, they had been able to make some progress. They’d been able to determine that there was currently a prophet alive, probably old enough to be able to translate for them, probably living on this half of the globe.
More like… a dedicated reporter who didn’t want anyone stealing his story. Yeah, that was it.
“Family.” Cas agreed.
“Sorry to head that,” Cas said. He could feel Dean shrug behind him.
“I-I-I mean of course I understand if you don’t want to I mean, I…” Cas started sputtering.
“That’s what I like to hear, sistah!”
So a lot of stuff happened in the year and a half since I last updated (ch 7) and ch 8 was the last thing I found in my files. This new chapter I've written since February of this year, but I'm a much different person now then I was when writing the earlier chapters and reading back i feel like my writing is now much different too. I do hope you'll keep reading! but I get if this chapter and the rest are not really your vibe.
He started kicking his legs more desperately, trying to hit anyone, trying to free his hands, anything.
These were the last five prisoners. One had gone ahead to lead them out as Castiel carried two others, one in each arm. He positioned himself so that he could watch the other two, supporting each other on the way out.
Cas only started to like Dean more and more when they had classes together. After a year he realized that maybe he wasn’t entirely immune to Dean’s charm. Which is why Cas was particularly alarmed by the fact that he hadn’t recognized Dean upon first sight. To be fair, Dean was hidden behind quite a lot of leaves.  “So sorry, Dean. I didn’t recognize you from, erm… this angle.”
Cas, Anna, and Gabe landed next to what looked like a small warehouse mixed with a large, abandoned house. It was on the outskirts of the suburbs, near a somewhat busy street, but still too far away from anything to be considered part of the city. The lawn of the old house was littered with blood. And something else. A thick, black goo.
Gabe gave a dramatic sigh and walked toward the internal exit. “See ya’”
Bleeeep bleeeep. Dean could hear the lines lazily going off at the phone bank. He had gotten to work early like usual and after about an hour of torturous work, he had crashed and dropped his head down onto the table. He idly blew at a speck of dust that had landed on the paperwork in front of his face.
Dean stepped into the office and up to Bobby’s desk. Bobby lowered his voice for the next part, “it’s the school that the kid, Kevin, takes his classes at part-time. I’m gonna call him in next, to break the news. There were no deaths but a bunch of kids are scared out of their minds. Don’t show him your story if it’ll upset him, but just let him know, before you publish anything.”
“The goo screams leviathan but the blood…” Gabe trailed off.
He had stopped after fifty.
“But,” Anna continued, “if it’s something you really don’t want, Cas, you shouldn’t do it. But if the only reason you’re doing this is to keep him out of danger – there’s always going to be a danger! And the whole reason the three of us are here is to protect the humans from that danger.”
“You’re on speaker,” Sam said. “We wanted to check how you’re doing. We know it’s been… rough for the past couple of nights. Are you still up for the gala? We totally understand if you can’t make it, and I’m sure Jimmy would too.”
“We know you probably don’t want to talk to anyone right now,” Sam said. “So we’re not gonna make you. Just know that we’re here, ok?” Dean nodded. He could feel the tears threatening to fall again, knowing that his family knew him so well.
Dean groaned to himself. This was going to be a long wait.
Is it painfully obvious I don't go to parties?
He sat up. And tried to regain composure.
Maybe one day. My mother will kill me if I get caught texting in church again, though. Goodbye, Dean.
He called Jo to come get him. She’d understand without giving him those “looks of understanding” or asking more questions than he could handle right now. The phone rang. And rang. And rang. He felt numb the whole time.
He was worried that people would make a big deal about how long he was out. He still hadn’t even talked about it with Sam yet, so if some random-ass coworkers he didn’t even know had started asking him questions, he would’ve started throwing punches. But Bobby must have made an announcement or something because everyone was treating Dean normally. He was thankful for that.
“Bobby, Bobby!” Dean cut him off, waving his had in the air. “You’re not gonna bench me because you’re worried about me getting my feelings hurt!” Dean yelled. “I’m a big boy I can handle it,” he said in a mock voice.
Anna chuckled. “So Cassie,” she said. “Did you read the latest story?”
He sat on the bed.
Cas was debating back and forth in his head, faster than the speed of light, when Dean tried to change the subject and finally Cas’ more impulsive side won out. “Is this the mayor’s gala?” he asked.
After a few moments of silence Cas tentatively asked “Dean?”
He had to focus on Dean right now. He couldn’t afford to go spiraling off into his own head. So fast that no human could perceive it, so as not to disturb the man in his arms, Castiel flew to his siblings and told them to leave without him. He had to stay with Dean.
Anna startled Cas out of his Dean-watching “I’ve never seen him use this much brain power at once,” she whispered to him, jokingly. Cas started laughing, then tried to cover it up with a cough.
“I think maybe move the picture to the right corner instead? I’m sure Charlie will have something more to say about that, though.” Dean said.
Also after 15x18 successfully baited me back briefly, I found out that there was apparently an actual character named Annael, different from the angel who became Anna Milton. However, given the finale, I feel no shame in completely ignoring canon, so I'm not gonna fix that.
Kevin looked between the two demons on either side of him. “What do you want from me?”
As he walked home he tried not to think about Naomi, but he couldn’t help himself. By the time he got inside he collapsed, overwhelmed with emotion
Cas and Anna were poring over all the books and information they had gathered about the prophet. They were trying to see if the new knowledge of the prophet’s age and location could help them put together any other clues they had missed.
Dean’s younger brother, Sam, walked up to Dean and elbowed him in the side knowingly. “Crushing on the customers much, Dean?” Sam asked with a knowing smirk.
After he woke up, Dean took a shower. He was still too out of it from the nightmare do to much more than just stand under the water and let it wash over him, but he figured something was better than nothing. He’d been having nightmares every night since The Archangel had told him that Alastair was really a demon. They were getting a lot better now, but he really hoped they’d end soon. He needed to get his head back before tonight.
“I just don’t see why hosting such an extravagant event is necessary. I mean, won’t it just draw unwanted attention?” the angel asked, straightening her lapels indignantly.
He should stop unnecessarily frequenting Trickster’s Treats- stop trying to see Dean outside of their professional roles.
Dean had to help his aunt at her diner.
“He definitely does not need help. But I don’t understand why he’s just sitting there.” Cas replied.
Dean entered the other room and the adrenaline of getting to make Dean happy wore off. The fact that they could get seen kicked in.
There’d been no recent Angel-related activity in the city-- and they tended to only go after crimes committed by certain people, though he’d yet to figure out what was so special about those people, other than them being high-profile—so the goo was the biggest clue. No one who’d stepped away from the scene to the line of police cars had been willing to comment, though, so he’d taken to people watching. Maybe the types gathered would provide a clue.
She picked up her plate and glass from the table and gave Cas a suggestive look. He gave her a pleading look. He hoped it accurately conveyed Anna, 'don’t you dare leave me alone. He doesn’t even know me and I’m going to embarrass myself so much.' She patted him on the shoulder and turned around, so he guessed his look did not say all he was aiming for. Or that it did and she just didn’t care, which he figured was more likely.
“CAS?!” He stage whispered.
Things had settled down in the time since the House of Horrors. Dean would even say things had been… completely normal. Which was highly suspicious.
Castiel relaxed his eyes and tilted his head, waiting for an explanation.
>>From: Dean Winchester
“Well, Dean, I’m sure C-James!” She exclaimed a bit loudly, which Dean thought was a little strange, “will be more than happy to talk to you.” She said as she started walking down a hallway. Dean followed her until they stopped in front of the entrance to--Dean presumed based on the heavenly smells wafting out of it-- the kitchen. “He’s just this way,” she said.
#####
"I shouldn't have any visitors today, should I?"
Cas nodded and flew off.
Cas tried to turn his glower into a death stare. “No one said anything about love, Gabriel. It would be irresponsible to consider any sort of personal relationship with a human. Whether they know who we are or not. I’d be putting him in danger.”
Cas really hoped he could get through the night without revealing all his secrets to Dean.
“She’s never… I think the expression is ‘she’s never taken shit from anybody and doesn’t plan on starting.’ So I always looked up to that.”
Cas hummed. “Very.”
‘Damn, Winchester, get yourself together’ Dean thought to himself. ‘Cosmically meant for each other? I can’t be so fucking gone already.’ He bit his lip, knowing he still had the files Bobby had given him on all the donors in his desk drawer. He looked the offending drawer, imagining he was glaring at the tempting file hanging within. ‘You can’t best me,’ he thought to himself. ‘I am so not going to reach into that drawer and pull out Jimmy’s file like a stalker. Not gonna happen. I will resist the urge.’
Pros: He would get tastily rewarded for his efforts, and, in the even that Dean was wrong, if Loki caught him that would be way less embarrassing than Anna or Jimmy doing so.
Bobby continued, “He liberated a building full of Naomi’s prisoners. As of now he’s still there. Go cover it.”
Castiel sighed in thought, planning his next words. “Well. I have a lot of siblings. Like, a lot. My family is practically beyond human comprehension, there are so many of us.”
Castiel liked watching the bees that lived in his backyard buzz around. It was calming to see them go from flower to flower and back home again. And the solace was nice. To be alone with himself and the wonder of nature.
>>From: Dean Winchester
After what felt like an eternity but also like the blink of an eye she answered. He had fully dissociated by now. “Dean?” He couldn’t speak. He handed the phone to the Warrior.
He went up to the guest room. He closed the door, slid his back down it until he was sitting on the floor, and began to cry.
“We will, Cassie you have to believe that we will!”
The Archangel nudged Castiel with his elbow and jutted his chin toward Dean. Castiel looked over and gave Dean a look he interpreted as “I’ll speak to you later but later might not be for a while.” Dean made a face he hoped said “no rush, I’ll be here.”
“Notice the human pictured with the one who calls himself Warrior,” the Leviathan said, sitting back down.
“Thanks, Bobby, but really. I’ll be fine.”
This was a matter probably best left to family. He flew away.
Everything was going smoothly and according to plan, until Dean accidentally looked down the teeniest bit.
“Nope!” Anna said gleefully.
Dean was good friends with his good friend Charlie. By the transitive property of Charlie Bradbury, that meant Cas and Dean were friends. They had spent some time together at Charlie’s parties, and Dean was in two of Cas’s classes so they talked then. Other than Charlie, though, Dean and Cas ran in completely different social circles. Because of this Cas was not nearly as close to the boy as he’d like to be. When Cas had first met Dean two years ago, he had been different from what Cas expected. Dean was known for his insatiable flirting and dashing personality that got to everyone he laid his charm on, so Cas had figured he would be pretty one-dimensional: a cocky flirt who would think he was too good for Cas. He had expected to dislike him. But when Cas finally met him two years ago at Charlie’s house he had been proven so very, very wrong. Dean Winchester had not only been way hotter up close, (which was unfortunate, as Cas would never have a chance with him), but he was also really sweet. The way Dean’s face had lit up when he talked to Cas about his family showed that he was obviously really caring, too. On the few occasions they’d actually spoken he had to say that Dean was also funny and charismatic.
The people behind those eyes didn’t seem to be in distress, just anxious. Cas imagined the school had issued a “shelter in place,” so any students that weren’t near the music hall to begin with wouldn’t know what was going on in their campus. To them it could be anything from a loose bear to an active shooter. He imagined no one was contemplating the possibility that their classmates had been visited by some of the oldest, most raw creatures in existence.
Gabe sighed.
Anna walked up to the door and put her hand on the knob. Gabe and Cas stepped into formation behind her, ready to strike if anything tried to attack. Although, that was unlikely. Castiel could not sense any life inside the house. He could, however, smell the human blood he was certain was staining the walls and floors. So much blood.
Cas had been expecting to attend just as Anna’s plus one, but James Novak had been sent an invitation personally. So, theoretically, he could bring Dean as his plus one. But that could be risky. There would definitely be pictures taken there, and Naomi had definitely seen Castiel in human form a couple times while torturing him. Over the course of their time in this city, Castiel and his siblings had gotten very good at ensuring none of their grace shone through while they were in human form, and even at making it look like they had souls (as they never knew what passersby might be a spy for Naomi or Crowley). Given the time that has passed since Naomi had him, and his new grace/soul disguising skills, Castiel wasn’t sure if Naomi would be able to recognize his human form. But, if she could, it would be a terrible idea to let her see him with Dean. She would know that he’s someone Castiel cares about.
“Oh?” Dean raised his eyebrows.
‘Shit,’ Cas thought. He hoped that meant Dean didn't suspect anything and frantically tried to think of a way that philanthropist James Novak would be so familiar with a restaurant owner.
“The pa-” James Novak’s voice cracked and he cleared his voice.
Cas hummed. “To be quite honest, I never thought I would be either of those things.”
Castiel really liked the reporter’s smile.
More scared than when he was 16, and starting to believe Bobby that his life could be more than running from motel to motel, scamming and gambling to keep Sammy fed.
Cas woke up the next morning with his mouth feeling cottony and a pretty bad headache. Though, thanks to Gabe and Meg he’d had worse.
“I’m here on business for the newspaper.” Dean heard a sigh from the other side. A moment later. A woman dressed in all black opened the door.
Ellen walked in “The guest room is clean. You can stay as long as you want, or you can go back to your apartment as soon as you want. Whatever you need, ok?” she said.
Dean smiled at Cas when he saw him look over, then began walking towards them. Cas felt the tension in his body relax, as it always did when Dean was around. Even more so now that they were… involved. He tried to hide his smile, and rearrange his face to the same professional demeanor he had with Dean before meeting him in civilian form. He gave Dean a nod.
Dean smiled and let out a breath he hadn’t realized he’d been holding. He reveled once more in the fact that he had the best sister-in-law in the whole world. Seriously. “Yeah, I’m excited for you guys to meet him too.”
“Uh… no problem, dude. Cas-ti-el,” he said, trying it out. “Hmm.  I Like it. Although it’s still a mouthful. I’ll probably just go with Cas if you come back. ” Dean said with a wink.
More scared because now he knew. It wasn’t.
Dean walked back into the news building a couple hours later. He’d interviewed Castiel for a while and then stopped by the station to get Victor and a couple of the other cops who had been first to the scene.
Gabe put his head in his hands. “I don’t know about keeping them hidden. I honestly don’t know who could possess that much power.”
“….and there’s this swanky event happening in a month and I know he wants to take the time to get all dolled up and see Jess all elegant and relaxed but I’m gonna have to swoop in and take that night from them because he’s too good of a brother so he’s gonna selflessly let me be his plus one, so I can be the nosy little reporter that I am, because he heard that there will probably be Angles talk with the mayor and he wants me to be as in-the-know as possible since I always do their stories, and Jess will be so understanding about it because she’s the perfect sister in law, literally the best anyone could ask for and-“ he just realized that he probably sounded like a whiny asshole, complaining about his wonderful family when Jimmy had told him that his own had cut him off after a huge falling out.
Dean blinked, surprised. “Yeah. How did you know?”
“Besides,” Annael cut in. Her brothers turned to her. “I know we’re the ones who suggested you go for it, but now that Dean has been spending so much time around you in civilian form, he might recognize you. It’s probably not a bad idea if you do less interviews going forward.”
“Hey, Cas,” a deep, grumbling voice said. Cas felt the vibrations through his forehead. Then he remembered last night. Well, the first half of it.
“Mmhmm,” Dean replied. “I couldn’t let him show up in that embarrassment to cars.” Sam and Jess may have never met Jimmy, but Dean had sure as hell told them all about him and his shitty car. “I’m gonna get ready at his house, and I think I’m giving his roommate a ride too. I want to get there as early as we can to scope the place out for Bobby.”
>>From: Dean Winchester
Cas smacked his palm onto the top of the table and pushed himself into a standing position. “See? Im functional,” Cas said, nodding a few times.
~~~~~
Kevin froze again. Crowley could hurt his mom. He stilled his hands and heard the zipper on his bag being opened. The woman took something out and closed his bag again. She threw his shoulder forward, bringing him back face-to-face with Crowley.
“Alright, alright,” Dean said, letting her pull him up. “I guess if we all finally have the night off except Jo,” he said, sticking his tongue out at her. She made a face back. “We might as well keep her company.”
Please let me know spacing preferences, if you don't mind!
Jo rolled her eyes then winked at Dean and walked away to help the other customers at the bar. Ash saluted Ellen and nodded to Dean. “See ya later,” he said, then walked away through an ‘employees only’ door.
“And you know humans don’t do very well when they’re both scared and unknowledgeable.” Anna added on. “They’re liable to start a witch hunt and scare the prophet straight into the leviathans’ hands.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Alright you can come onto the campus, but you can’t get to the scene yet, ok?” Victor said. “There’s a lotta ground to cover, so forensics is still sweeping. We got a waiting area for parents who have come for their kids, kids who refuse to leave campus until they find their friends, stuff like that. We’ll put you a bit away from them. I’ll come get you when we’re gone gathering evidence. I mean we’ll definitely let the people concerned for their loved ones come first, but then I’ll get you.”
“Good morning, ma’am. I work for the newspaper. James Novak is one of our major donors and I was wondering if I could speak to him. Is he available here?”
“Uhh,” Dean stared at Gabe.
Dean wakes up screaming. The sound of someone else’s screams is still ringing in his ears. He is panting and sweat soaks his shirt.
A bit later Castiel couldn’t handle it anymore. He could barely speak through all of his memories and he had to excuse himself. He flew off without seeing how Dean responded.
Dean had finished with Crowley and was sitting in his car outside the last donor’s house. He’d made it clear with Crowley that he didn’t want to be there. (“Don’t worry, squirrel. I know you wouldn’t want to dirty your now-lawfully-employed hands with the likes of me. Tell me what it is and get on with it, fortunately you’ve caught me at a busy time.”) The last stop was one James Novak. Dean knows he’s a philanthropist with a reputation for bee-keeping. He tries to keep out of the public eye so there isn’t much else he knows. He reads the file, which does contain more information than he knew before, though. Apparently he was living in a homeless shelter, one to which he now donates heavily, before he won the lottery (lucky son of a bitch). Then apparently he lost it all within two years but had set up so many returning investments that he’ll never have to work again. Room-mates with one Anna Milton, no romantic relation confirmed.
Bobby was talking in a very serious tone, giving Dean a look.
“Oh.” Dean said.
#####
Castiel sighed.
After a long, long day of speaking to all the detectives and various other police personnel, the three detectives he and his siblings had been speaking to finally let the three of them leave. It had been hard dancing around, trying to help the investigation but also not reveal the severity of it. The detectives seemed to be able to tell they were holding something back, and Gabe, Anna, and Cas wanted to get back home to conduct their own research. Everyone was frustrated.
########
“Maybe he should hear it from you,” Gabe ventured quietly.
“Yeah, Cas, if you could. That would be great.” Dean smirked at Cas, trying to play this moment off as something he wasn’t bothered by at all. He was Dean Winchester after all, he had a reputation to uphold. And he didn’t want to look like an idiot in front of Cas.
Cas nodded. He knew she was right.
He’d been like that once.
“Oh! Time for my shift.” She stood up from the couch and turned around to face everyone else. “You’re welcome to continue this conversation at the bar. If you feel like tipping,” she said with a wink.
Anna and Cas turned to glare at Gabe. He raised his hands in mock-surrender. “But I can see that that was not the point of this conversation, so continue, continue.”
“We should tell the humans the leviathans found what they came for,” Anna said. “Otherwise everyone on this campus will be looking at each other with suspicion.”
Dean took a deep breath and let it out slowly. “I really like you Cas. More than as a friend, and, I was wondering… Will you go on a date with me?”
hahaha so I lost all of my files, including the rough draft for this chapter and my plan for this story so the next few chapters are pretty much filler and I'm hoping to find what was list. Enjoy!
They had been texting and calling each other basically every day since the first date. Not that Dean was whipped or anything… just that he was totally whipped.
“Hey, Jimmy!” Dean said as he took his seat. “How’s it going?”
“No no no!” He said. Then he realized his mistake. “Wait! Yes! I mean yes, yes, sorry. Sorry I was just a bit, uh, surprised.”
This was all his fault. If heaven had been running smoothly, a leviathan escape would never have been allowed to happen. Cas hadn’t been alive yet during the time of the leviathans, and Anna had been too young to remember, but they’d heard the stories.
Castiel was upstairs when he heard the first siren approaching. Someone driving by must’ve seen all the blood and called the authorities. The sirens sounded far enough away, and the traffic buildup from people driving slowly by the house to look at the carnage had spread far enough down the road, that he imagined it would still be a while before the authorities actually got to the building. He quickly checked the rest of the rooms in his half of the floor then flew downstairs to the big room right inside the door that he and his siblings had decided to meet in once they were done checking their respective areas of the house. Anna had been checking the other half of the second floor and was already down when he got there. Gabe had gone to check the land behind and around the house and still wasn’t back yet.
Damn, now I gotta c u get drunk
“Yeah.”
But, he immediately assured Dean he was not at all involved with “Loki.” At all.
Cas thought. Trickster’s Treats. That meant… Gabriel.
Every time he met someone interesting in the past month or so, he hadn’t been interested enough to ask them out on a second date. His mind kept drifting to a certain man with glowing blue-white eyes and wings. Who saved the day and busted down doors with his bare hands yet still looked at Dean with tenderness in his eyes. Which was annoying as hell, considering Dean definitely didn’t even have a crush on the angel. He’d been covering Cas’ stories for the past three months, but recently he had started wondering about the angel on a personal level. It definitely wasn’t a crush, though. Dean knew Castiel was way out of his league, and Dean Winchester did not waste his time on unattainable crushes.
Castiel’s mouth dropped open. Anna raised an eyebrow. “James,” Anna said slowly and carefully, “this is Dean Winchester. He’s from the paper.”
“You ‘anna go watch th’ movie?”
So Wednesday went pretty well.
Dean tried to insist that he really was just here on official business, but if he was honest with himself, he didn’t have anywhere to be in any rush, and the food did smell divine. So, even after the philanthropist with the piercing blue eyes said he did plan on making a repeat donation this year but, “I do feel bad if you came all the way out here just for that. Maybe you’d like to take some food as recompense? It’s from Trickster’s Treats, do you know it?” can you really blame Dean for staying? A man has needs, and if Trickster’s Treats’ breakfast is half as good as their pie…
Two of the last five prisoners were crying. The one at the front simply looked dazed. Castiel thinks it is likely he’s been here the shortest amount of time. The two he was carrying were not conscious enough to cry. One has not opened her eyes. The other has been mumbling incoherently the whole time. Castiel suspects he was recently in the Chair.
“Dean, I’ve got you. Now just swing your other leg over and slide down the tree until you can rest your foot on this branch. It’s rather wide; I think it should fit both of us just fine.”
He’d looked that way because Cas had been unable to keep him safe. Because Cas hadn’t been able to do the one thing he was here for. Because–
Cas nodded and Gabe sighed. “You’re right,” Gabe said. “we have to think of something. But what?”
Cas looked at Dean, who turned his face away. Castiel didn’t do well with humans. What was he supposed to say, in a situation like this? “This is um. The Warrior. Dean came to a scene and. Well.” He looked at Dean one more time. “It appears a party involved was modeling, well, Alastair.”
The corner of Victor’s mouth rose up, in what might’ve been a grimace or a smile. “See you then,” he said, tilting his head over to the detective he’d been speaking to earlier, indicating that he had to get back to work. Dean nodded and Victor walked away.
Something felt a bit off about this woman. But then again, something always felt off about rich people, so Dean didn’t think too much of it. As he followed the woman into a grand entranceway, he asked. “So, Miss, would I be correct in assuming you’re Anna Milton?”
At least, that had been the plan. What Castiel’s father seemingly hadn’t foreseen and planned on had basically sent everyone’s predetermined destiny to oblivion. Gabe had gotten tired of the fighting and run away, like the scared younger brother he was. Anna had loved the humans on the planet she was sent to protect so dearly that she chose to become one. Castiel…
Anna and Gabe turned to look at Dean in a way that no human could notice.
Kevin pulled the ticket out of his jacket pocket. One-way ticket to Columbus, Friday 8:30PM.  It had been the soonest one leaving the state from when Charlie had told him about the attack. He had stayed at work late so he could drop a letter on Bobby’s desk without anyone seeing. He’d told Bobby how much he appreciated all he’d done for him, and to not worry about him, but that something had come up with his family suddenly and he had to go back home to see them. Bobby usually came into work early on Saturdays, so he should have time to read it before anyone else got there the next day. He’d texted Charlie something similar and thanked her for her kindness earlier that week. Kevin hoped she and Bobby would believe his goodbyes. He hoped they wouldn’t worry too much.
“You and Anna literally live together. Now you’re concerned?”
######
No. Not Channing. The demon possessing Channing. Because demons were real. And they’d killed his girlfriend. And apparently his soul had a destiny so great that they’d tracked him across half the continent to attack again.
“I ordered coffee!” Cas said indignantly.
Dean got to the scene. He guessed that the ambulances had been here for a while while he was only a couple of minutes after the police. He had passed three ambulances on the way here as they headed in the opposite direction, and three more were still loading up the freed prisoners who needed medical attention; some cops were already taking statements from the rest. People in bullet proof vests and cargo pants were lined up in front of the building with their hands tied behind their back. Dean figured they must have been the jailers. The cops were handcuffing them one by one and putting them into the backs of their cars.
“Hey, Cas?” Dean said after he put the bowl down on the table.
Benny was on vacation this week with his wife, so Dean didn’t even have company in his boredom. After the coffee, he cleaned his desk, responded to the one email he had received since the last time he checked, and charged his camera battery from 90 to 100 percent.
~~~~~~
“Yeah, uh” Dean chuckled, his ears turning red. “I got stuck in this tree, and I was reaching for my phone there to call my brother or someone to help me down. When I, well, I dropped it.”
The man groaned. “Uhhh. Hey, there, uh. Hey” Dean finished lamely, suddenly embarrassed to be found in a tree.
“Come on,” Gabe continued. “I know this is too important a time to make fun of you or cause trouble in the interview. I have no tricks up my sleeve, I honestly just think I should handle it.”
Charlie’s parents had been hit by a drunk driver one night. It resulted in her mom being in a coma for a week and her dad breaking his left arm and leg. She was fine with providing alcohol at her parties, but no one was allowed to leave in a car without a sober driver.
#####
“Of course, Castiel,” said Anna. Castiel walked around them and started up the stairs.
Cas hummed. “Yes, Dean?”
“Uh-huh,” Sam said. Dean could practically hear the bitch face Sam was making over the phone. “What’s their name?”
Cas nodded, still not looking up.
~~~~~
Dean had been seeing Pamela more often than usual. One thing he was working on was reminding himself that Alastair was dead. Even if someone working with him had come back, he himself could never hurt Dean again. He had seen the proof himself. Remembering that gruesome scene was helpful but not exactly… uplifting.
he thought.
He passed it over to the angel. She read it over. “Hiding in plain sight. What an embarrassment these three are.”
“Better get back brother, there’s work to do tomorrow,” Benny said.
Those may or may not have been sigils. He was not going to try for another glance but, really, what else would be written like that.
Tonight, he was not nervous to meet the harbinger of the apocalypse, Samuel Winchester. He was nervous to finally meet his boyfriend’s family, Sam and Jess.
“One night out won’t hurt. We’ll have a little fun, recharge, and come back at it with fresh eyes!” Gabe said.
Dean. He had called the reporter Dean.
Thursday, on the other hand, went very differently.
Dean turned to Cas “Let’s finally put that iron liver of yours to the test!”
Cas thought to himself.
He was trying to convince his mind to slow the fuck down, this would only be his first date after all, when Loki walked up to where he was standing by the counter. “Dean-o!” he said in greeting, a huge smile on his face. He leaned, resting his arms on his side of the counter. “You’re here for Jimmy-boy, am I right?” he said, fluttering his eyelashes.
“Sounds more like a job or something than a family, ‘to be respected’. No offense.” Dean said.
He continued. “And it’s unlikely, but I mean… so is a species as hive-minded as the angels engaging in a civil war so disastrous it left Heaven powerless enough that the Leviathans were able to escape, after which they immediately came to a town that happened to contain 4 angels and an ex-angel.” Gabe began talking faster and faster as he rambled on. “And the fact that Luci, an Original Angel, is an ex-angel in the first place, because an angel had previously chosen to fall from grace, got born as a human baby, met an archangel willing to provide the power and spells to strip Luci of his power, was willing to provide her own blood for the ceremony because she’s somehow such a schemer that she figured out a way to restore her angel memories and powers once her human body reached adulthood, leaving the only missing ingredient the blood of an archangel and a demon-marked human whose soul wasn’t damned, and the previously voluntarily fallen angel had coincidentally started her adult career in a town that also happened to house the adoptive parents of the only one of Azazel’s kids whose soul was fine, because his older brother who raised him and doesn’t even know about Azazel happens to have a soul so strong even Alastair couldn’t turn him into a demon as leverage against the Azazel Kid, who by the way happens to be the same lawyer that got Luci pu--“
They refused to tell anyone anything and simply flew away when someone stated asking questions. The only interaction they got from the Angels was when one of them, presumably the Archangel, would tape a copy of the newspaper with dicks drawn all over it above the clock in the lobby with a post-it note critiquing everything the reporter had said about the Angels. Now Dean got interviews and was even on a first name basis with the Warrior, Castiel.
Gabe gave Cas a look. “You live with me. You can see me any time. Before this week I could count on my hands the amount of times you’d been here since we landed on this planet. Now you’re here every day of the week!? At least admit what you're here for” he patted Cas on the shoulder. “Do that much for yourself.”
At first, Castiel said, he had thought he was free. He let out a sarcastic laugh then that just sounded so defeated in so many ways. Dean hated that broken noise. He knew what new-found freedom felt like and he wanted to go punch whoever had taken that away from Castiel in the face. Castiel talked about how Naomi pulled him out but kept him as her prisoner. Dean had wanted to scoop Castiel up right then and there and take him away from everything.
Dean got home and talked on the phone with his brother, Sammy, for a while then took a shower. He headed out to the roadhouse and got there around 7:50. He parked his car in the lot and walked in.
“Why?” Cas asked, glancing down at himself. He couldn’t see anything wrong with what he was wearing.
But, Dean thought as his reporter mind kicked in, if, theoretically, they could hide in plain sight, among people, that would explain why Jimmy and Loki had seemed so close. And it would explain the striking similarities between them. When Renegade had walked out, Dean looked at her anew, this time comparing her in his mind to Anna Milton.
“Dean!” he heard someone shout and looked to the side. He saw Ash sitting on a pool table and waved to him. Ash jumped off and walked over as Dean made his way to the bar.
“Dean, are you alright? You’ve seemed kind of preoccupied today.”
He’d known about Samuel Winchester his entire life. All angels knew the vessels that could suit an archangel if they chose to visit Earth of their own free will (as opposed to being a runaway like Gabriel, stuck in a human approximation of his essence, without access to one’s full angel powers on earth like a vessel allows). He’d known about Samuel Winchester before apes even existed. The whole Winchester line was quite famous actually. Dean and Samuel, able to host Michael and Lucifer respectively. John Winchester, destined to kill Azazel. Mary Campbell-turned-Winchester, the world-renowned hunter whose death was to start it all. The family that was to carry out the apocalypse.
“Ok,” Cas said.
“And what changed?” Castiel asked.
Castiel pointed the other two in the direction of where police were taking ex-prisoners’ statements. He turned and faced the congregation of cars and people on the street. “These are the last ones,” he announced to the emergency personnel gathered around.
They turned to Cas. “Come on bro, I’m turning on the mega-watt puppy dogs here.”
#####
“Mmhmm. I’m sure that’s why,” Sam said.
“What can we tell them, we don’t even know if we can do anything against the leviathans. We could be powerless. They could be completely defenseless,” Cas said, monotone.
“Heard you met with your boy-toy again today,” Ash said and clapped a hand on Dean’s shoulder. Dean sighed and took a seat.
“Yeah, talk to you tonight, Cas.” Dean said, before Cas smiled and headed back to his table.
Or he could call Bobby. Tell him what happened and how another reporter should be put on this one.
“Did he buy it?” Cas asked.
Cas turned back to the window. Gabriel was pulsing thumbs up from the other side.
Dean put the camera down and started walking over.
“You’re gonna wear that!?” Dean asked after Cas had finished with his tie and turned around to show Dean.
About two hours later Charlie walked into her kitchen to get some more candy and popcorn between movies. She was greeted by the sight of Dean sitting on the floor, asleep. His back was propped up against the side of her counter and sitting on his lap was Castiel! She squealed. “Oh my god they’re so cute together!”
By the time the conversation between Dean and Benny lulled it was almost midnight.
They caught her up. Anna hummed, thinking. “I have to say I agree with Gabriel on this one. With the demon involvement, and the past with both Alastair and his brother, Dean is going to be involved anyway. It might actually be easier to keep him safe with a more personal connection.”
“Oh,” Dean quirked his lips, trying to hide his disappointment. Oh course this guy had someone else. “Have anyone in particular in mind?”
This was good. Baby was something he could focus on. Baby he could talk about for days. He chuckled. “If you leave one scratch on her Sam, I swear…”
When the night came to an end, Dean they kissed goodnight at the doorway, and Dean could swear no moment of his life has ever felt so straight out of a movie.
Anna had gone back to the reading she’d been doing when he barged in, but Gabe started making kissy faces, so Castiel decided to finish the rest of the conversation in the garden.
But Dean didn’t want to think about stuff like that right now. It had been such a good night. And hell, he really needed a good night. He didn’t want to ruin it thinking about Angels. About how they might live on Earth full-time, instead of defending it as a part-time gig. About how royally screwed it would suggest that humanity was if divine protection was needed 24/7. About how Alastair might have had a different protégé. About how that protégé might be out there. About how –
Mind reading, The Archangel had explained, was a process that took a lot of energy, so they could only do it a couple of times and had to channel energy from a living source. That was why the leviathans had chosen students from the music hall to read, hoping to search though their memories of the community overall from concerts and performances. The Archangel had said that the fact that the leviathans stopped after the hall meant that they had found the memories they were looking for.
“I’m just worried about you.”
“Technically, you’re here because you rejected your grace, Cas is here because he lost his, and we’re all here because we’re wanted fugitives upstairs” Gabe interrupted.
“Anna,” he said, tugging on his sister’s arm. She stopped walking and turned to face him. “Anna Dean’s here.”
“That’s not what I –“
Anna was making a concerned face and leaning over to be eye-level with the car. He rolled down the passenger window so she could talk to him. “Are you alright? I was on my way out but you seem to…” she paused and clicked her tongue, clearly trying to think of a word to say next. “You’ve been parked here a while.”
Castiel looked down at his lap and sighed. He didn’t even know what he wanted with Dean, but it seemed he’d already blown his chances anyway.
“No,” he said. And he hated how broken his voice sounded when he did.
“Yeah,” Dean said, kissing the top of his head and bringing him back to the present. “It all seems kinda messed up and pointless at first. But I swear I didn’t show you this movie just to make you cry.”
An assistant walked in and placed a report on the desk before leaving. The Leviathan picked up the report and thumbed through it. He continued as if Naomi hadn’t even spoken. “And it seems their extended stay has also made our wing-trimmed friends grow a bit too attached to the surroundings, too. Even easier.”
“I haven’t seen you in so long!” Dean exclaimed, taking a seat next to Cas.
Dean’s eyes went wide and he shook his head several times. “No, Cas, I-I mean you were drunk. Well, I mean I guess I was too, but-but I’d never, I mean...” Dean stammered before Cas cut him off.
Dean’s whole face blushed and his ears turned a bright shade of red. “It’s, um” he cleared his throat. “It’s Dean Winchester.”
“We’re… uh… we’re  out of popcorn” Cas said, sheepishly holding up the popcorn bowl.
Eventually, in his desperation, with nothing else to do, his brain decided to start contemplating his feelings.
“Yeah. Jo told us. I was gonna go pick it up, but I wanted to make sure you were ok first. Once I drop you off, I’ll go get my spare key at home then get the car with Jess.” Dean nodded.
Dean’s smile got even bigger. “Aw, man! That’s exactly what I thought too the first time I saw it! I was so disappointed, because the whole movie, Thursday’s whole arc is really about moving from this sort of, like, from just doing his duties and making sure he sets things up for Friday to eventually realizing that, he can make things happen on his own, you know?”
1) He could straight up ask Jimmy if he was Castiel.
“Ok, ok!” Anna finally cut him off. “We don’t need a recap of our lives; we’ve lived them. We get it. Our lives are messed up. The unnatural is natural.”
Anna came to his rescue. “It’s just that it’s been a while since any of us read the stories humans write about us. We need a few minutes to… remember the vocabulary.”
Bobby gave another sigh. “Alright. Don’t say I didn’t try.” He gave one last look at Dean. “You don’t want to at least look at some of the names first? I can put out another offer, just bring one more person on to go around instead?”
“Ok, so, well. I’ve, umm.. I’ve been trying to say this to you for a while now, but I, umm.” Dean paused, took a deep breath, and then nodded. “Ok, I’m just come out and say it ok?”
He didn’t look back to see if the bag had made contact, but he heard a man grunt and a woman scream, so he definitely hit someone. Hopefully not an innocent bystander. He was approaching the doors now.
I can’t remember if they ever gave him a specific ethnicity in the series, but Kevin Tran’s name makes me think the character is supposed to be Vietnamese, hence my language choices.
Anna shook her head. “I don’t think so.”
He had not seen sigils since he was being held captive by Alastair, so he decided he would definitely not go down that train of thought. Maybe he’d bring it up with Pamela later
The officers in the first car had, after a brief moment to recover from seeing the inside of the house, informed the station that what they had walked in on was “way out of our pay-grade. There’s so much blood!”
“For here or to go?” the cashier at Trickster’s Treats asked. Dean opened his mouth to answer when he saw James Novak at the counter.  He couldn’t believe his luck. Dean had been meaning to speak to the man again but thought showing up at his house again might’ve been too… stalkerish.
He and Jimmy made some small talk for a bit until someone came over with two cups of coffee. Dean paused in what he was saying as the man came closer. He seemed distinctly short. And with that blond hair… he looked a lot like the Archangel.
I do not believe anyone has. Why did he dare you to climb our neighbor’s tree?
>>From: Dean Winchester
Dean huffed a laugh. “You comfy there, Cas?”
Cons: Of the three of them, Loki was the most likely to call Dean out point-blank if he noticed him acting weird, instead of just politely ignoring it. Also stalking people makes Dean feel creepy.
Anna poured herself a glass of orange juice and sat down across from Cas. “So h---” She was interrupted by the doorbell.  She and Cas looked at each other, identical frowns of confusion on their faces.
“Ok…” Sam said. Dean could tell he wanted to say more, but then Jess, angel that she is, interrupted him.
Cas supposed he could take some form of comfort in that.
Cas bridged the final small distance between them. They kissed.
Cas blinked. He was taken aback by how similar the vocabulary Dean used was to the vocabulary he’d heard his own actions described in by his brethren. He hoped the outcome for his siblings would be as hopeful as Dean’s take on the outcome of the movie. He gave Dean a kiss. “I really like that interpretation.”
The man placed the coffees in front of them and James said something. They seemed to know each other. Dean registered it in the back of his mind. The two people he knew that Jimmy knew both bore striking resemblance to two of the Angels. And Jimmy himself did look a lot like Castiel.
Cas smiled and nodded his thanks down to his siblings.
“’Course I can walk!” Cas said indignantly.
“Uhh,” Cas said. He had to think. On the one hand, he really cared about Dean, and he didn’t want to hurt his feelings by turning him down. And, if he was being honest, a small part of him wanted to say yes for selfish reasons, too. On the other hand, Dean could get hurt even more if Cas accepted and Dean got caught in some sort of crossfire.
“Wow,” Dean said, taken aback by the stunning man in front of him.
“I don’t know either man, the Archangel glued me to my car once and then after that they just kind of… accepted me I guess.” That’s not all that had happened, of course, but that’s what Dean had told Bobby, and it was the story he was sticking to.
Cas sighed. “I guess there is no ‘but’,” he said.
Just then, almost as if thinking about him earlier had called him to Dean, Dean saw Jimmy walk in the door. Accompanied by Anna Milton and that guy from Trickster’s Treats.
Dean chuckled. “Well, then enjoy your coffee, Cas,” he said, handing him his drink.
>>From: Cas
Cas knew he was originally supposed to fly them back to where Anna was, but he thought them being unconscious definitely meant that plan had to change. The kids at the hall were already so traumatized; they didn’t need to see a limp body and wonder for even a split second if one of their peers was dead.
Dean asked Castiel if he could tell him what it was like under Naomi. Castiel told him how when he refused to do what Naomi wanted, she said she would break him. She tortured him daily. He told Dean “I wished every day that I were dead. The things she made me do…” he felt tears prickling at his eyes. He took a moment to compose himself.
Cas shook his head as an ‘I don’t know’.
He opened his eyes and groaned at the glaring light then dropped his head back down to its previous position. That’s when he realized his head was on something warm. And squishy. And breathing.
Dean chuckled, and Cas smiled at the sound. If only Dean could know how true that little half-joke was.
But he couldn’t ignore a little whisper in the corner of his brain, wondering: was he really into Jimmy, or did he just like the crack-pipe theory that Jimmy is Castiel?
Dean started laughing. He stood up, and as he walked over to the other room, he paused to playfully kiss Cas’s face. Cas couldn’t help but start laughing too.
“Pleeeease,” Gabe said, fluttering his eyelashes.
“He has his own page.”
“Gabe!” Anna reprimanded him. Cas was grateful that Gabriel had thought to console Dean about the sigils. But he had to admit, like Anna he was shocked. Both the fact that his brother turned down an opportunity to execute a well-planned trick and the fact that he’d seemingly done so for selfless reasons.
Cas thought. What he said was “We were family friends growing up. I always found her sort of a role model. When we both ended up living in the same town, we figured: might as well do it together.”
In conclusion, Dean definitely needed that drink with Charlie. In fact, he would definitely be needing several drinks.
>>From: Dean Winchester
He looked back at Dean. “For some reason they talk to you.”
Castiel was still not convinced that ‘a night out on the town,’ as Gabriel had put it, would possibly help them at all. “It’s healthy for us to take a break, Cas. It’s a good thing,” Anna said.
Once they got in the car, Dean was feeling... not better, per se, but… safe? Before, every breath had felt like a gamble. Any one might have started a flood of tears he wouldn’t be able to stop. But know, he felt… calm.
Dean tried to invite Cas over a couple more times after that. Unfortunately, every time Dean was free Cas seemed to be busy, and vice versa.
“Well, Cassie, that boy with the freckles behind the counter is rather nice on the eyes, isn’t he. He wouldn’t happen to be the one you have a massive crush on, would he?” Balthazar said in his slight accent.
Dean barked out a laugh. “Alright, you sly dog. I’ll ask Bobby if the paper can swing some tickets so you can get some quality Jess time.”
“Dean?” Cas halted on the sidewalk.
things I should be doing today: studying for my test next week. Things I did instead: this.
“Hey, I thought you were on my side! That this outing would be fun, that no humans would catch onto us – “
He was loath to leave them all unprotected, but Anna would wonder why he hadn’t joined her yet. He flew to the music hall to let her know of the new development, resolving to fly back right away once he had explained.
“Shhh, keep your voice down,” Castiel said. He was about to talk further with his brother, when-
“Dean, you drove me here.”
“I thought they were locked away, that they couldn’t access this world.” Castiel said.
That was all Cas could think. Shit shit shit shit shit. Because Dean had seen them. The three of them. Together. Shit.
how does one italicize on ao3?
“Uh, yeah. But I wasn’t sure what flavor he might like. You got any ideas?”
“ASH!” Ellen yelled from across the bar. “Get back to work I’m not paying you to gossip! Jo you too!”
“What?” Cas furrowed his brow.
He was in his room toweling off when his phone started to ring. He checked the caller ID. Sammy. He could handle talking to Sammy. It would probably even cheer him up, given how excited Sam’s been for tonight. He swiped his finger across the screen and brought the phone up to his ear.
Statistically, it will improve our chances at finding the prophet later,” Anna added.
“Alright then, Jimmy,” Dean continued with a small smile. “Like Anna said, I’m here with the paper. I know that you donated a significant amount of money to us last year and, well to put it bluntly, I was wondering if you planned on doing the same this year?”
Kevin sat in his cubicle at the paper, trying not to make his hyperventilation too obvious. He thought about what Charlie had just said. An attack at the school. An Angels case. Beyond even Dean’s usual caliber.
“I just-“
“Yes, well. Times have changed in many ways since ‘your time’,” Cas chided.
Gabe was about to retort when Anna walked in the front door and came into the kitchen. As soon as she took in the scene, she crossed her arms. “Ok, boys,” she sighed. “What’s got the tension in this room so thick.”
Anna and Cas looked at their brother like he’d lost his mind.
The Leviathan sighed through Dick Roman’s face. “No. Because we don’t want Crowley to know that we know how to do stuff like that. We want the demons we speak with to be able to claim I was just a politician looking to get some favors from a mob, ok? Our only hope is Lucifer loyalists, like the one you had who followed the teachings of Alastair, so if Crowley’s any half-decent King of Hell he’ll be suspicious of our bunch’s loyalties anyway. We can’t give him any reason to investigate them further”
“Awww,” Gabe cooed. “Our little Cassie-poo is all grown up and asking us for boy help!”
“Alright. If you’re sure.” Bobby opened one of his desk drawers and pulled out a large manila folder. “Here’s your list. Each person’s got a sheet with name, picture, amount they gave, and some sparse information.  Most of the city’s rich folks are on it, both politicians and the ones the cops can never quite get in jail. Your job, is to make sure they pay again this year.” He pushed the folder towards Dean.
“Oh, sorry. To go, please.”
Castiel couldn’t believe it. He’d led legions into battle, withstood Naomi’s torture, witnessed the evolution of all manner of horrid species. Yet, it was here, in a ballroom in the middle of Kansas, that he felt the most nervous he had ever been.
Cas also really wanted to be able to give Dean this win. It was rare that he could do anything meaningful for Dean, and this seemed like something that was really making him feel guilty.
A small laugh escaped through Cas’ tears.
Dean kissed Cas back then stepped back with a smile. Cas began removing his trench coat while Dean walked over to where he’d left the bag that he’d brought his suit in crumpled up in the corner. Cas put his trench coat back into his closet and when he came back out Dean had retrieved an umbrella and squashed the bag back to its lumpy shape.
There doesn't seem to be a preference, so I'm gonna go with one-line spacing :)
He kept going, told Dean how Naomi knows practically everything about the city. He didn’t tell Dean about how she’d made him kill effigies of his loved ones. Dozens a day every day. Their blank faces were all he saw whenever he closed his eyes for months.
Now it was Cas’s turn to interrupt him. “Don’t be,” he said. “It’s ok. I miss them. And I do regret how much… damage… my fall from the pedestal of obedience caused. But-“ he trailed off.
“Hello, Dean. Is there something wrong? I thought you said the paper had been able to get enough money?” He started chanting in his head. Please don’t ask about the Angels please don’t ask about the Angels please don’t –
“I just don’t understand.” Anna said. “It’s not like this is one of the institutions where most of the student body has supernatural abilities. And even if it was, they’re just kids. There’s no way any of these college students has enough experience to be able to do something the leviathans can’t get Naomi to do. What could they have possibly wanted? And how could that have warranted soul examinations? What could’ve been the goal here except to attack innocent people?” she asked aloud.
“Alright then, Jimmy” Dean said “Like Anna said, I’m here with the paper. I know that you donated a significant amount of money to us last year and, well to put it bluntly, I was wondering if you planned on doing the same this year?”
No, not just any symbols. Sigils.
Dean walked over to the curb and stood in front of the man. “Castiel?” he asked, holding up his pen and notepad, “are you available for a brief interview right now?”
Dean was asking Cas questions now. It was hard for Cas to talk about Naomi even still, but he tried. He didn’t tell Dean he’d been in purgatory, but he did tell him he had been somewhere bad. He also didn’t tell Dean that he was there as penance. That he had done something he couldn’t forgive himself for, ever, no matter how much Gabriel tells him it wasn’t his fault, he wasn’t himself. Naomi had been the one to ‘rescue’ him form purgatory. He thought, maybe this would be better, if someone else had freed him, maybe there were some angels left who didn’t hate him.
Cas thought back to when he and his siblings had decided to make this town the base of their operations, and he had to think of a suitable background story to explain why anyone might know his alter-ego. When he had first crash-landed on this planet, Castiel had been too weak to fly, or even leave Earth’s main plane of existence at all. A shelter had taken him in. He had left once he was strong enough to go find Anna, but he had needed an explanation in case anyone recognized him.
After the attacks in Boston, he had left his mom a voicemail to say he was fine but he had to stay away. Then he’d packed all his stuff up into three suitcases left on his dorm bed for them to give to her, along with a note telling her how much he loved her, and not to worry about him, and he’d call her as soon as it was safe.
Bobby continued, “Anyway, get to it.”
Dean was definitely not moody as he walked into the office that morning. Not in the slightest. He doesn’t know what Charlie’s talking about when she claims the contrary. No sir, Dean Winchester does not get moody because some random dude didn’t want to invite him to hang out.
Benny sat down at his seat opposite Dean after getting his morning coffee. He saw that his friend was sitting with the side of his face pressed against his desk. “Brother, what the hell are you doing?”
Gabriel arched his eyebrow, clearly unsure what Castiel was trying to convey with his face. Cas sighed. He said to Dean “I’ll be happy to give a statement, but may I have a moment to discuss with my colleagues. Some… new information has come to light.”
She smiled and gestured for him to come in.
Jo’s phone went off.
--Edit, 16 March: Sorry if anyone was a fan of the old chapter 5 (7 Feb), but here's the new & improved, still mostly filler, chapter 5. The beginning is the same I just added some more stuff after. --
Dean had already texted Benny that he’d be at the scene longer than usual, maybe even all day, so waiting longer was fine. As he’d been waiting Dean had mostly been trying to figure out what in the actual hell could’ve gone down. He was a bit hindered by the fact that he had no idea what that goo was and did not want to think about the sigils, because in his mind those only led to one thing…
After four months, Castiel had rescued Dean.
“And kick Naomi’s ass all the way back to the big upstairs!” Gabe said, pumping his fist in the air.
“Awww,” Jess cooed. “I’m sure we will too.”
“NOO!”
“Castiel, are you available for a brief interview right now?”
~~~~~~
Loki smacked his lips and turned to look up at the menu. “Idk, man, he likes peanut butter. He likes honey,” he turned back to face Dean, “maybe something with that? To be honest, I don’t see the guy actually eat that much.”
Cas sighed and chuckled. “Alright, alright. Get me another, two cream, two sugar.”
“Ha! Sure, that’s why,” Dean said.
>>From: Cas
“See ya!” Dean waved and then looked back down. He finished a couple of lines and looked at the clock in the corner of the monitor. 6:34. He ran what he’d written through spelling and grammar check then added and formatted some pictures and emailed it to Bobby and Charlie at 6:43.
‘Oh,’ Cas thought, relieved. Dean was just concerned about intruding on a roommate. “I—um” Cas swallowed to clear his throat. “I’m sure she wouldn’t mind finding somewhere else to be for one night. Does tomorrow at 7pm work for you?”
After leaving the letter on Bobby’s desk, he’d stopped for a fast-food dinner then gone back to his apartment and shoved everything that was small enough into his duffle bag. He kinda felt bad that he’d be shirking on the rent, but at least they didn’t have his real identity, so it wouldn’t come back to bite him. Then he’d taken a taxi to the bus station.
“Don’t kid yourself, Gabriel! We all know that’s what got us into this mess in the first place. I break everything I touch.” He flew off.
Dean wasn’t sure what to make of this guy. His food was great, for sure. Before he met Jimmy, Dean frequented this place enough to ‘know of’ Loki, even if he didn’t ‘know’ him. He’d known he was loud, a bit lewd in his jokes sometimes, and very eccentric. He and Jimmy were close, but he couldn’t quite figure out exactly what their relationship was. A small voice in the back of his mind went ‘they’re Angels together!’ but he quickly dismissed that. When Dean decided to pursue something more with Jimmy, he’d also decided to definitively stop entertaining the idea that Jimmy might also be Warrior. For the sake of his own sanity. It would just be too weird.
Charlie cut him off with a wave of her hand. “Yeah, yeah. I know you needed my nurturing feminine touch,” Charlie joked, fluttering her eyelashes at him.
Cas kept coming into the coffee shop every day for his morning coffee. He always had a conversation with Dean, and Cas was beginning to look forward to his conversations with the cute guy behind the counter every day. Cas learned that the man with whom Dean worked was his brother, Sam, and that the coffee shop was run by their aunt, Ellen. A couple weeks later, Cas went in with Balthazar accompanying him.  A short while after they sat down Balthazar’s drink was ready and he went up to go retrieve it.
He knew it was childish, but he felt safer in the well-lit office with dozens of people he knows by name than in his anonymous apartment, filled with students moving in and out so frequently you never even really learned their faces.
“He’s just this way,” he heard Anna say as she rounded the corner. She gave him a wink and he was confused until right then none other than Dean Winchester rounded the corner.
Dean blinked. “Yeah. How did you know?”
He decided to start driving before it could hit, get his brain focused on something else so that it couldn’t afford to spiral.
“You would indeed,” she said in a flirty voice. “And what is your name?”
“I have a plus one, too. I was going to bring Anna, because she enjoys making fun of the ‘posh stuffies’ at these things,” Cas said, thinking of how to cover for if he and Anna had to exchange intel. Making fun of some of the more ‘stuffy’ people at these types of events wasn’t entirely out of character for Anna anyway. He continued “but she has her own invite because of her work with the hospital. I could bring you as my guest, if you would like. That way your brother and sister in law could have a nice night and they wouldn’t feel bad about making you miss out on any, um…” Cas paused, realizing this was either a really good idea or a really bad one “… gossip.”
Castiel wondered into the kitchen to see if there were any good snacks left.
“Oh my god, I can’t believe you’ve never seen Star Wars!” Dean shouted incredulously, turning around to face him on the couch.
“I, uh,” he said to Dean “I tend to the bees in my yard. I bring the combs too stuffed for them to live in to a honey maker I know.”
Dean nodded.
The prisoner up ahead opened the door. Sunlight streamed in. Castiel handed off the prisoners to the medical first responders at the scene.
The only signs of distress he found came from a dormitory building near the edge of campus, closest to the rest of the city. He could sense fear and confusion, coming off many people in waves. There was something strange about the emotions, though. They were… muted.
A couple moments after that and he heard footsteps but Anna hadn’t said anything else. Fearing the worst, he brought his angel blade discretely into existence. “Anna who is it?” he called.
~~~~~~
Kevin knew he should go back to his apartment. He was definitely going to start sobbing and that would be super embarrassing to do at work. But he figured people would be understanding, given what had just happened. And he really didn’t want to be alone.
Anna gave him an awkward smile. Clearly not knowing what to say next.
Cas thought about his activities today, for example. He had flown to Georgia to consult a world-renowned seer who might be able to track down the prophet. On their advice, he had checked every square inch of Boston for any sign of the prophet. When he found none, he checked every square inch of Massachusetts, in case the seer had meant the whole state. Then, he had checked all of Rhode Island and Connecticut, just to be safe. Had he been at his full power, that would’ve been nothing. But, having been cut off from Heaven for a while now, thoroughly examining three states was quite a draining task for him presently. After that, he had collapsed on the couch in an exhausted heap and taken a nap until it was time for their date.
But at least he was coping. He was managing.
Why couldn’t he have left good enough alone?
The bell above the door rang, signaling that another customer had walked in. Dean turned around and saw that it was Benny. He waved him over.
A week later, there had been no more stories. Nothing about Alistair, nothing about the Angles, nothing.
Dean was not a fan of the kind of people who hung around crime scenes just to look, and he figured it would be easier to get someone’s attention later if he wasn’t in a crowd. “I’ll just stay here, thanks,” he shot the woman a smile, “but don’t worry. I won’t go forward.” She nodded at him and walked away.
But the return to normalcy after memories of Alastair had apparently signaled to his brain that it was time to go back to the small stuff. The really small stuff. Like, ‘a slightly embarrassing moment that happened three months ago and why the fuck does he even still remember it’ small stuff.
After the initial awkward encounter with Anna outside, the date actually went really well. Jimmy was just as fun to hang out with as Dean remembered. The beginning was a little awkward. He’d seemed alarmed at every question Dean asked. But, Dean chalked that up to him being just as nervous as Dean. And it was kind of nice to know that he wasn’t the only one nervous. Dean thought it felt kind of like an honor, in a way, to be cool enough that the other person was nervous, too, on the first date.
Dean nodded. “What was inspiring about her to you?”
Gabe must have noticed his dolor, because his face softened. “Hey, why don’t you get on out of here. Go watch the bees or whatever it is you do for fun. See you tonight, ok?”
######
“Speaking of the current King, I still think we’re better off appealing to him directly. He controls the gateways to Hell. With that kind of power, we wouldn’t need to go after the Earth-bound angels.”
Not at all like a coward afraid of talking to his little brother.
He finished his first draft. Now was when he usually added the photos. His camera was still around his neck. He looked down at it.
Cas tilted his head to the side. He didn’t realize how the person in the tree knew his name.
Dean nodded his head. “Sure.”
“Ha ha, very funny. We actually started doing more dates at my house for that very reason.”
He’d had a lot of memories resurface that he’d been working through with Pamela. The one upside about the relative calm was that he was able to devote more time to his sessions with her. He’d definitely made progress. Pamela had said at their last session that she ‘would bet that you’re right back to where you were before any of this new “House of Horror,” or whatever those schmucks are calling it, stuff happened. Am I right?’ and Dean had to say he agreed, which is no joke.
Maybe.
Maybe even heaven couldn’t achieve perfection, but short of perfection, efficiency had certainly been good enough. Before he’d decided to indulge his doubt.
“What, Gabriel? We can’t have me what? Doubting?”
“Yeah,” Gabe said. He had returned from depositing the evidence he had found at their house a few minutes before Cas had joined them. “Lots of leviathan goo, meaning they were definitely moving their power like Anna said. Hopefully we can find some weakness by analyzing the goo later. There were also sigils written on human skin? That was kinda new. I copied them on paper back at the mansion, but I figured I should leave the physical copies to the humans for like… DNA or whatever.”
“I’ll make you a big breakfast tomorrow. Gabe special!” Gabriel hollered up the stairs.
~~~~~
Dean nodded. “Thanks, Henriksen,” he said.
“Usually only high-level ones, but with a power boost from a leviathan…”
Dean sighed. “Yeah. It’s been rough. But I don’t want to cancel. I actually think it might help to see you all,” Dean said aloud. He thought to himself “and to continue convincing myself that my boyfriend is secretly the all-powerful Warrior and nothing that bad will happen to me or him ever again,” but he didn’t say that part to Sam. He didn’t even say that part to Pamela.
He looked at Cas with concern in his eyes. Castiel wondered if Dean knew about his past with Naomi. He’d heard people on the streets whispering rumors. Or maybe this situation was reminding Dean of when he himself was a prisoner, and Castiel had rescued him.
“She must’ve been moving them already,” Anna said, catching on. “And she wouldn’t have moved everyone out unless something big was going down.”
The reporter had called him Castiel.
2)	Dean was fucked because the dude who just found him in arguably the most embarrassing position he’d ever been in (and he’d been in some pretty embarrassing situations) was Castiel. THE Castiel that Dean had had a definitely-not-crush-I-just-appreciate-your-face on for the past two years. The Castiel that Dean may-or-may-not have only showed up to this party for the hope of seeing. Dean was still too scared to look down, but he could recognize that voice anywhere.
He selected the first two photos he could use. One was of the lawn, covered in law enforcement, and the other was of the crowd behind a line of police cars. He didn’t bother to format. He just sent everything to Charlie. She’d know what to do with it.
The three of them looked at each other – Gabe with his arms crossed, Cas squinting, and Anna deadpan. Anna rolled her eyes at Gabriel and continued, “the Angels, as far as the humans know, don’t live on Earth, don’t mingle with them. As far as the humans know, we live in Heaven and come down only for crimes; wear skintight, color-coded outfits all the time; have gigantic, visible wings all the time; and have colorful, bright masses of light where our eyes should be.”
“Sure, if you can even walk”
“Leave ‘im alone, Ash. It was a prison break. Naomi’s,” Jo said from behind the bar.
Two EMTs were waiting with a stretcher and met the prisoners as soon as they walked down to the street. They took away the three prisoners who needed support. Dean snapped some more shots.
Jimmy was glowering at the man. “I was just dropping off your coffees. Have fun, kiddos.” He said, winking at Jimmy. Dean wondered if they were… close.
He was wiping his sweaty palms off on his jeans for like the fifth time when someone knocked on the passenger’s side window. He jumped and turned to look. It was Anna. Shit. He hadn’t even started the first date and had already managed to embarrass himself in front of the roommate.
“No. It’s our fault, Castiel, one of us should have gone. We didn’t need to put you through this so quickly,” Anna said.
Ha! I’d like to see u try n beat me!
Inside, Castiel asked the nearest officer he saw where Detective Song was. The officer pointed toward the back of the house. Castiel thanked him and began walking over. He spotted Anna and Gabe next to a man in the kitchen and headed for them, assuming he was Detective Song.
“Yes, Mr. Novak, I--”
“I’m just, a-“ Dean picked the pie up from the seat beside him and held it up. “I’ll just go in then. Now.”
Dean sighed and opened the car door.
Dean could count on one hand the number of times he’d gotten a statement from someone other than Castiel. And even then, those had always been Renegade. The only times Dean had interacted with The Archangel were the time he’d inexplicably attached Dean to his car and the time he’d put Dean and Castiel on a first name basis, calling the serious and determined Warrior “Cassie”.
James Novak’s voice had sounded… familiar when he’d spoken at first. It had kind of reminded Dean of—
“Oh, yes, well,” Cas started, trying to choose his words carefully. “You know that Loki and I know each other. He’s… He’s sort of like a brother to me. And, as such, I have no doubt that if I were to give him the chance, he would take it upon himself to embarrass me as much as possible in front of you.”
He’d also been working more than usual. Dean always got to work early, but lately he’d been staying late, too. He answered PR emails, finding a reprieve in their mind-numbing stupidity. Ugh, people were idiots. Considering their idiocy was currently his main coping mechanism, he probably shouldn’t complain. But he was going to anyway because, seriously people?
Skin.
“Why did your brother moving out mean you had to get your own place too?”
Dean nodded, somber, then headed out.
“Shhhhhh! Gabe! Someone could hear, I’m James in public. And I don’t know what you’re talking about.”
“I put some of my best negotiators into to those handy prisoner bodies you provided. My brethren have already tried every possible way to sway that bloody demon. He won’t budge. He’s too powerful. And most demons have legitimately turned over their allegiance to him, anyway. The most damage anyone could think to cause him were some half-brained loyalist demons trying to burn down his biggest warehouse, but even that he barely felt. He’s still connected to Hell. The Angles, on the other hand, are, as you put it yourself, ‘Earth-bound’. They cannot tap into their full potential with no access to Heaven. They’ll be easier to turn.”
“I can’t? It’s my fault! It’s my fault our ranks were thinned out so much that the Leviathans themselves were able to escape. The leviathans! These humans don’t stand a chance.”
Cas gave a fond sigh. Dean had brought up this concern many a time. He tried to reassure him “I don’t know if you noticed, but Anna isn’t exactly shy. If she wanted you to come here less, she’d tell you.”
“Good start,” Gabe said, “but we have to figure out a way to give the dorms and the music hall something in common. An explanation as to why they would search both.”
“And that will feel like years to them,” Anna said by way of agreement. “Gabriel, you’re the fastest. Round up everything you can find that will be helpful to us but not to the human authorities.” Gabriel wasted no time in flying off. Anna turned back to Cas. “Cassie, you’re not great with people, but go see if there are any other areas where they’re like this. If they’re in a condition to travel, bring them here so the EMTs don’t have to go so far. I’ll stay with these kids.”
Jo brought Dean back to The Roadhouse. Bobby and Sam were already there, too. They’d been talking quietly, but they stopped as soon as Jo and Dean stepped in. Dean hoped no one would try to talk to him about it. He really didn’t think he could handle talking to anyone about it.
Very much regretting not revealing Cas’s secret identity to Dean earlier. Writing ‘Jimmy’ throughout Dean’s POV of the date was so uncomfortable. Will reveal as soon as the plot allows :/
“You, uh, know him?” Dean asked Cas.
Dean smiled. Then he laughed. “Seriously?” he asked. Cas loved that he was the one who’d been able to make Dean that happy. He nodded.
Dean’s smile dropped. He wrapped Castiel in a hug. Cas was so embarrassed. He had seen eras rise and fall, had lost legions, lost friends, lost charges. He shouldn’t be crying over a fictional movie.
Cas cut him off “I would love to go on a date with you, Dean.”
It reminded Castiel of the stories he’d heard growing up, about the terrible things that had roamed his father’s creation, epochs before the first angel.
Gabe had informed the first ambulance to arrive that none of them were needed. Four cars of forensics had come since then. Cas was surprised, there usually weren’t nearly as many police officers there. Apparently, “a crime of this caliber” was making the city look bad and Mayor Roman wanted it dealt with as quickly as possible.
Dean gave a small smile. “Heya Castiel. Any words for the paper?”
In the kitchen, Dean let out a breath. “I’ve been getting ready for this all day, I can do this. Just… Just sit down and ask him. Yeah. ‘Cas, there’s something I want to tell you’ then ask him. Boom. Said and done. Ok.” Dean nodded to himself and refilled the popcorn bowl, then headed back out to the living room.
He checked his watch again. 8:14PM. The bus would come soon and he could board. Then he’d have to start all over again, get a whole new job in a whole new city.
A woman with red hair opened the door. Anna, he assumed.
Cas had assured Dean that he would do nothing of the sort, reminding Dean that he was homeless not too long ago, and knew how hard it was to find a stable place. At least that wasn’t a lie.
On the car ride over they talked about the homework in their classes together, which somehow ended up as a conversation about cheeseburgers, which apparently, Cas loved even more than bees. And that dude loves bees. Dean had to say, Cas continually surprised him.
In his excitement, he had forgotten to keep his voice from the humans. An EMT supporting a crying student shot him a reprimanding look. “Sorry,” Gabe said.
“Yeah, heard it was the Warrior who broke them out. Rough one,” Jo said consolingly, sliding Dean’s beer across the bar to him.
Cas returned the look with a small smile. “I have no idea what you’e talking about, Gabe.”
Before he got the chance to find out the answer to that question, his desk phone rang from an internal call. He picked it up. From the other end Bobby gave a gruff “Dean come down to my office,” then hung up.
Although his ‘people skills’ were rusty, Cas was pretty sure Dean was asking if he and Gabe were romantically involved. Which Cas found disturbing in many ways. But Cas could’ve sworn Dean seemed… bashful. An expression he never thought he would see on Dean Winchester.
Dean didn’t think Sam would see through him so quickly. He blushed and faked a gasp. “Come on, Sammy. Can’t a man just be happy?”
The look of fear left Dean’s face, replaced with relief. “Of course, of course. I’ll be talking to Detective Henricksen in the meantime. Let me know whenever you’re ready.” He walked back in the direction he had come from.
He went downstairs. Everyone was still down there, and looked up when he entered. “Sammy?”
There’s a searing pain in his shoulder. Like a barbed hook has been stabbed through it. He can taste his own blood and charred skin. He knows he’s lying on the table. Alastair’s face is all he can see.
“Yes, actually,” Cas said. He built up his courage “I was thinking of maybe… you?”
Anna looked around them. “We should discuss this later. They don’t need to hear,” she said, waving her arm to the side. Cas finally noticed their surroundings, too. Students and professors were staring with looks of shock on their faces. Staring at the Angels, staring at each other, just staring off into space. Anna was right, those of them still coherent enough to be hearing them were clearly in no head space to do so.
Cas and his siblings had tried to secure tickets in civilian form for the same reason it seemed Sam planned on bringing Dean. That really was quite smart of Dean’s brother, Cas could see how his brother Lucifer had found Sam a threat before he had been sent to prison and Gabe had bound his powers to make sure he couldn’t use them to break out and expose himself.
At the station, Dean walked over to his desk and gave Benny a nod. He dropped down into his seat and pulled out his notepad.
Cas remembered the first time Dean had interviewed him. Well, not him really, but he had been there in the beginning. He and his siblings had agreed to never talk to the press about what they were doing in this city. They didn’t want its inhabitants panicking. Technically it wasn’t him who had broken that rule, Anna had done so first, but she said she had only done it because she was caught off guard by Castiel’s behavior. Cas didn’t blame her. Dean had walked over before they had been able to fly away, and Cas had seen him walking up he had stood ram-rod straight, his wings stiffening up. Anna said she had asked him if he was alright, but he doesn’t remember that. He remembers the reporter walking up to them, and then he was sure everyone could see him blushing once he heard the reporter speak, so Cas had flown off in a hurry. The reporter just had a certain air around him that made Castiel... feel something.
“Dean?” Dean snapped out of it. He would think about this later. “Sorry. You were saying?”
They were on the couch, but now they were eating the dinner they had made after that whole conversation where he made Jimmy cry, which Dean was still oozing with mental embarrassment from, because seriously, who makes their boyfriend cry on the first night he invites him over? Ugh! Anyway, he had started a conversation about their food then over the course of talking had gotten to talking about Sam. He knew he was kinda rambling, but he was still so embarrassed, he couldn’t really help it.
Naomi was one of the main issues to the city, and one of the main antagonists to the Angels, a band of –Dean refused to call them superheroes, but in all honesty he couldn’t think of a better word— who ‘defended’ the city. Dean always felt weird talking about their fights. They were too much like something out of a comic book. His life was definitely not a comic book.
Ok life got very crazy and I kind of abandoned this work for like two years but my school closed for quarantine this week so welcome back! Also stay safe, everyone reading this in 2020.
Then Cas had a swim meet.
“If I remember correctly, I was rather comfortable,” Cas said with a wink.
This was going to be interesting.
Castiel looked at Dean’s expectant face and tried to remember the statements he had prepared. He and his siblings had already planned what he would say to Dean about the leviathans when the question inevitably came up. It did seem that this attack had to do with the prophet, though, and they hadn’t discussed how to handle that in the press. Improvising was not his strong suit, so Castiel looked to Gabriel for help.
Ugh. What was he, Sam?!
It was an inescapable truth. Both the fact that the leviathans were really here, and that fact that it was his fault this was all happening. Heaven had been running just fine. It was a well-oiled machine. In fact, it had been the most efficient machine in all of his father’s creation. He should have accepted that. He should have appreciated how important it was that things stayed running smoothly.
And his fourth.
“I’m sorry, who are you?”
Sammy was at his friend’s house for a sleepover, so Dean and Cas had the whole house to themselves. They were sitting on the couch eating popcorn and watching a movie, as they usually did on a Friday afternoon.  Dean was barely eating any popcorn, he was so nervous. He had promised himself that he would ask Cas at the beginning of the movie, but that moment had come and gone almost two hours ago. The movie was already over! The credits started rolling. “Shit, Winchester, get your head in the game. Man up and ask him already!” He thought to himself.
“Cool. Maybe then you can tell me about this new mystery person.”
Most students must’ve been in class when the attack hit, which made sense given the time of day. He only found 21 students in their rooms, for a total of 27 people in a building that housed 400. He brought all the students to the lobby and propped them up so that if they woke up they would be in a healthy position even if they were in too much shock to move.
He had held Dean up and looked him in the eye saying “Dean Winchester, you have been saved,” until Dean believed him. Then he had flown Dean to a Gas’n’sip and left. Dean would have been screaming during that whole time in the air if he had been himself, but as it was he had just thrown up all over Cas’ right arm.
“Oof,” Jess said. “I’ve only heard stories about how the two of you are together, but from that alone I pity the poor roommate who has to sit in a car full of that.”
James Novak kind of stared at Dean for a while and as Anna left they seemed to have some sort of intense stare-down. The intensity Dean could see in Novak’s eyes and Anna’s back made him begin to doubt that they were entirely unentangled roommates.
A couple people cheered as the last two walked over and an officer wrapped them in blankets to prevent shock. Meanwhile Dean approached Castiel.
The reporter looked so much healthier. His eyes were vibrant, he was back to full weight, and, Castiel couldn’t help but notice, his muscles appeared as if he had been working out. He was even smiling.
Castiel thought back to then. Dean was the only one he’d ever heard of surviving Alastair’s camp so long. Just one day in that hell would drive most people mad. Four months was unheard of. Castiel has heard that Alastair had started grooming Dean to be his protégé toward the end.
“Ok, Winchester,” he thought to himself, “I’m gonna look at the photos. Press weren’t allowed in, so I don’t have any photos with blood.” He breathed in. Held. Breathed out. Held. “First two viable photos, and I send it to Charlie. Then Sam can take me to Pam. Ok.” In. Hold. Out. In. Hold. Out. “Ok.” He turned over his camera, and took out the SD card.
“Thank you two, I’m going up to my rooms, I need to rest after today.”
“Well, I’m glad things went well for you,” Anna said. “On the home front, we’ve made no progress. We tried to see if the new information could shine new light on any of our sources, but nothing so far. I mean there is more to go, but the leviathans definitely have an upper hand. I have no idea how they could have known an age and location so specifically.”
Castiel watched as the EMTs got the third person onto a stretcher. He could have moved six students by now, even with the physical limitations of only moving on the plane that humans can exist on. He turned back to Mark. “Should I fly them straight to the hospital, or just to the ambulance dock?”
He kept walking toward the bathroom, not wanting the demon to know he’d caught on. A woman with a large suitcase walked past him, briefly blocking the line of sight between him and the demon. He took the opportunity and ran as fast as he could to the entrance. He’d catch one of the taxis waiting out there.
ok the line spacing is real off :( but i'm gonna go back and fix that in all the chapters once i've completed the story
Cas could see Dean shaking. He had never seen Dean acting in any way but suave. It put him somewhat off-kilter. Somehow, though, it was adorable. Cas tried not to blush looking at him. “I understand Dean. If you want me to help you down, I think this is the only way. However, If you want me to call Sam, I have my phone. You could give me his number…?”
Castiel looked down and saw a phone. This must have been what caused the thump I heard earlier. He bent down and picked it up. “Is this your phone?”
He added more quietly “I really like him.”
Cas waited for a beat to see if Dean was going to go on. He didn’t.
He had tried. He had tried so hard. He’d purposefully moved into an apartment where no one would even know his name. He didn’t talk to anyone outside of work really. He needed money but he’d gotten a job in a completely different field than anything he’d studied before. Who would guess a cello performance major would intern at a newspaper?
Castiel looked at the reporter now. He doesn’t get to see him often, since usually Cas has left the scene of anything he’s done before anyone else arrives, leaning criminals tied up and evidence in an obvious container.
When the weekend came around, Dean skipped the party Bobby had thrown to celebrate getting enough funding for the year, even though he and Kevin were the guests of honor. Everyone he cared about at the paper understood that he was not in the headspace to be celebrating anything, or to spend hours surrounded by loud noises and tipsy people.
So he spent another four hours debating that question in his head.
Cas lifted his head. “Dean?”
From what he could see of the front lawn, it looked like a huge fight had gone down. There were splotches of blood all over the lawn, along with what looked like thick, black goo. The windows looked like their insides were covered in blood as well.
“The humans are getting antsy,” Anna said. “We have to tell them something eventually.”
In the end, his mind kept circling back to that time he and Jimmy spoke when he was canvasing for donations. That was definitely Jimmy alone, nothing to do with any possible resemblance to anyone else. And that was what he couldn’t keep out of his mind. He’d had more fun in that one morning than he’d had in ages. And there was just something about Jimmy. Sure, he was funny and sweet and charming and smart and hot as hell, but on top of all that Dean felt almost as if there was something pulling them together. Like they were cosmically meant to be in each other’s lives.
Dean took a long sip of his coffee. He was happy indeed.
“Ahh. I thought we might be able to come to an agreement,” the voice said. “Take the hood off; I want to have a civilized conversation with Mr. Tran.”
According to witness accounts, Naomi was a middle aged white woman with reddish brown hair. She always wore grey pantsuits and her hair in a tight bun. She kidnapped people and tortured them to near insanity then made them fight for her, basically her minions. Rumor was that Castiel, the one the Angels referred to as the “warrior,” had once been a prisoner of Naomi but had broken out. Which, Dean thought, was totally badass.
Dean raised his eyebrow. “Seriously, Bobby?”
“Can… Can I ask you something?”
“Ok. So a mutiny,” Gabe agreed. “But why?”
Dean took out his camera. He’d have to go to the hospital later to interview the patients. He’d had Victor promise to let him know when the hospital called the police to say they were ready for interview. Victor said he was going to take their statements first, but he that he’d call Dean if any patients had the energy to talk to the press after that.
Dean blinked a couple of times. Then he smirked. “Ya, Bobby… I mean, the extra money’s been nice; I like covering those stories; I’ll be good.”
“But if he knows our secret identity, doesn’t that fix all your ‘oh no I can’t lie to a man I love’ dilemma?”
Dean stepped forward “I shouldn’t intrude. Besides, I’m just here on official business.”
“Leviathans don’t do anything with a goal so simple,” Gabe said, his face grim. “That was part of why it was so hard to best them in the first place. They have a hive mind that rivals Heaven’s, and they were always 10 steps ahead of us. They’d attack purgatory, we’d assume it was for man-power, and they would’ve actually done it to make a secret portal. Or they’d disappear for a few decades and we assume they’d been spawning themselves or recouping a loss, but they were actually torturing the Mother of All Monsters for information on monster weaknesses. They’re more conniving than Crowley, and just as power hungry. Except for them, their goal isn’t just to rule Hell, it’s to rule everything. They wouldn’t have wasted their time on schoolchildren. There has to be some other motive behind this.”
Dean let out a sad snort. “About as good as one of Naomi’s prison breaks can be. I got the Warrior's statement and… Well it turns out the rumors about him and her were true,” he said quietly.
By then it was about an hour until he usually ate lunch. He began seriously debating whether he could shoot spitballs at Benny without anyone noticing.
So he decided to wait it out at the scene.
“Hello?” Castiel said.
“Nah,” Dean replied “Bobby’s calling me down.”
Dean chuckled. “Yeah, I guess so. Anyway, how about you? What made you decide to leave the family business?”
“That’s why we’re here, Cassie. We’re gonna keep them safe. We will defeat the leviathans.”
The man in front of him sighed. “Nothing, as of yet. It’s you I’m here for. As long as you cooperate, I should have no need to bring her in.”
“Well maybe I’ll have to start giving you some homework, so you can understand my spectacularly hilarious references. What do you do all day anyway? If you somehow haven’t interacted with a screen since the invention of television?”
A couple seconds later they came up for air. “Do you wanna go out on a date later today?” Dean asked breathily.
##########
Hey, u goin to Charlies party tmrw?
When Anna told Gabe the story, of course, Gabe started laughing and congratulating Cas for “finally showing some emotion.” The next time Gabe encountered a reporter it was, unfortunately for Cas, Dean. Gabe proudly announced that he had glued a reporter to his car as a hazing to join the family, so “anytime you wanna bring him home to meet the family, I’m one step ahead of you.”
“No, no. No.” He was remembering the sigils now. The ones carved on the floor here. In blood. The ones he’d spent weeks staring at. Days being taught. Months being tormented by. The tears were falling now. “No. He was gone,” Dean whispered, as Castiel pulled him into a hug. “He was supposed to be gone.”
“Stupid Crowly and his stupid friends and their stupid dares,” Dean grumbled angrily to himself from his perch on the tree branch. He turned his upper body away from the trunk slightly and dared to look down once more. ”Fucking shit!” He turned back around and brought himself as close as possible to the trunk. “Shit shit shit shit shit that’s high!” He squeezed his eyes shut as tight as he could.
“The end of next month, Sammy?! That’s practically two months away! How’s anyone supposed to know what they’re doing then?”
I have the next few chapters outlined, but to be honest I've hit a major writer's block when it comes to actually drafting them. So this will probably be the last update for a little while at least :(
Cas supposed Gabe and Anna had both been on Earth longer than him. They probably knew humans better than he did.
Castiel’s siblings looked at Dean with remorse. “You were the one who saved him.” Anna said. “Do you think he could handle it?”
Kevin gulped. Crowley held the stone up in front of him. “This, dear Kevin, is what I need your help with translating.”
Dean paused. Cass grew concerned. Had he messed something up already? “Anna…?” Dean asked.
He didn’t know why that idea disappointed him so much, though. It wasn’t like he didn’t see Dean outside their interviews anyway.
The last bell rang. Students poured out of the school, headed for the freedom of the weekend. Dean and Cas were walking out to the car like they did every day, except today was different. Cas was coming over to Dean’s house after school, which wasn’t unusual by any means, but today Dean was going to ask Castiel out on a date. Dean had been gearing himself up and trying to ask Cas out for weeks now, but he’d chickened out every time.
Gabe turned to face him. “Come on, Cassie! It’ll be fine! Live a little!” he said. They were walking to some bar called The Roadhouse. According to Gabe it was the ‘only place in town you can have some reliable night-time fun without the owner letting sleazeballs run wild’.
A couple hours later, Cas still hadn’t found Dean again. Most were already at least a little buzzed. Well, the people who weren’t going to be driving home that night, at least. Of course Charlie always let people stay at her place the night after a party. If she thought someone was drunk she would forcibly take their keys and make up a bed for them.
Dean made a shocked face that looked, frankly, kind of scared. Castiel rushed to reassure him. “Nothing concerning! Just uh… I would like to figure out how to best um… phrase it in a human language, I guess?” He looked around to his siblings, hoping to convey that they should back up his new lie to buy them some time.
Castiel looked at Dean. He didn’t know what to say. He hadn’t known that the man had felt like such a burden on others. He should probably try to -
Castiel was blushing even more than before “he is not my lover. And I'm not trying to see him. It would be foolish to pursue him. He's human." Cas said. Whether he was trying to convince Gabe or himself, he honestly couldn't tell. After his brief meeting with Dean the other day, he kept thinking about the man. It had been fun to talk to him in a non-professional way. But, it definitely would be foolish to try to build a relationship with Dean. He could reveal his identity as Castiel and put Dean in danger. Then again, if he knew that, what was he doing here. "Besides, can’t I just want to hang put with my bother?”
But then Bobby would tell Sam. And Sam would want to talk. And Dean definitely did not want to talk.
Charlie sighed and turned to face him as he sat down. “About as good as can be expected,” she said. She already had a beer in her hand and from the looks of it she’d been nursing it for a while. “He’s grateful he wasn’t there to get traumatized, but he really feels like it’s his fault for all the kids who did. I mean he’s got survivors guilt real bad.”
“This Dean Winchester will also probably be at the gala. He could do all the work of tricking the earthling angels into coming to us, while we figure out what went wrong in Boston,” the Leviathan said, leaning back in his chair. “Because, you’re right, Naomi. Even lone angels are too powerful for us to take on without the prophet’s help. But a human isn’t.”
