"You misunderstand me. I meant free of The Empty, not free to roam Earth. The moment Jack became God, he wanted to rebuild. Heaven, Hell, Purgatory - it's all been changed. Most people who are sent to Hell are put in cages now, like they were in Heaven before. Memory cages where, depending how good or evil they were, depending on how well they've redeemed themselves, they are left to play out their best or worst memories for Eternity. A few are free to roam Hell - Rowena and Crowley make those choices together, although last I heard, they were still fighting like cat and dog over every decision."
When Kate came to the table and asked if they'd like the dessert menus, it was obvious that Sam and Eileen wanted to go home and have sex instead of waiting for Dean to stuff his face with cake. They offered to stay, but both Cas and Dean waved them off and sent them home.
Dean sighed.
In a low tone, meant only for Dean's ears, Cas started speaking. "We can stop this now. Send him home, work on a plan B and all this will go away."
"Nonsense dear. We’re just bonding over our shared origins—well, the same island at least. The blatant and shameless flirting is entirely incidental."
blame yourself. You were a kid and dad could have easily left us with Bobby instead of dragging us around the country. He could have done that at any point, and left us where we were safe or at the very least, fucking
"Claimed me, yeah?" Dean asked, amused.
"Well, I do see what Castiel saw in you… if you go in for that sort of thing."
“You were reckless!” Cas interrupted, pulling Dean's attention back to him. He reached for Dean, his hands closing on his shoulders, gripping him tightly enough to make the Hunter wince as the strong fingers dug into muscle. Cas was demanding Dean’s attention and Dean didn’t even try to pull away. Just feeling his hands on him, the heat of them through Dean’s shirt, it proved Cas was real, that Dean wasn’t dreaming this. He didn’t care if he had ten finger shaped bruises on his shoulder in the morning, as long as it proved to him that this was really happening.
"I’ve got nothing on tomorrow," Dean suggested hopefully.
Kate froze half way through fastening the second button of his coat.
"Without your coat and shoes?" Sam asked from the doorway, disbelief evident in his voice. "For twenty minutes?"
This time Cas was the one who switched off the radio.
Eventually they couldn't hide away any longer and Cas sat up and tried to pull his hand back.
Cas sighed and put up one hand, which silenced Dean immediately.
"Babe, in case you hadn't noticed, we're hundreds of miles apart. I don't even know what damn time zone you're in. Picking you up for a hot date is going to be something of an issue."
He'd found him and he wasn't letting go!
Dean's moan was low and long, needy, almost like an unvocalised plea.
"I swear that you were only put on this Earth to be a massive pain in my ass." He grabbed a handful of popcorn from the bag that Dean was offering him. “And I’m staying on top of the covers!”
“Your official documents—what you need to apply for jobs, have background checks… to, you know, get married and shit like that,” Dean explained with a nervous edge that Cas didn't understand. “Complete with a background history that I’ve been assured is absolutely water-tight. You can be a proper human now—you’ve got an identity.”
Dean felt a pang of sadness. He liked being able to pray to Cas. It let him say things he couldn't bring himself to say to his friend’s face.
"Always, Cas."
Touched by the gesture, Cas smiled warmly at Dean. He couldn't see why not. That was pretty innocent - they'd be in a shop full of beds, but the chance of Cas being tempted to shove Dean down on one was pretty slim when they were in public. Probably. It would be fine.
Dean cradled his coffee mug to give him something to do. "Maybe sometimes. It can be lonely, even when Sam is here, and you know I get antsy whether I'm alone or not. But I've got the lake house to work on, and I bet I can even get Sam to agree to leave Miracle with me. He loves the lake - he would be so happy living there all the time."
the heat. It was like sliding into the most amazing hot bath of his life, but better. A million times better.
Cas spun around from where he was rifling through a drawer full of old newspapers, and stared at Dean in disbelief.
"I don't mean to kink shame," Cas apologised, looking at Dean thoughtfully.
"Why are you doing this?" Cas screwed up his face.
“Humans have tattoos of each other's names all the time,” Cas said with a dopey smile, then widening his eyes in a very good impression of that damned cat in Shrek, he added sorrowfully, “Don’t you want to be marked as mine?”
"What? As long as I've been able to hear you, I've always… Oh.
Dean was occasionally hit with this huge sense of awe over how this ancient, incredible,
Dean took in a deep breath and tried not to think about how it must be for Cas to suddenly be able to feel all of this, all at once, with only a smattering of Grace to dampen it down.
“You won’t have to,” Cas vowed. “I won’t leave again. I’ll stay as long as you want me.”
Some of the tension left Dean's body as he looked down at Cas with undisguised affection in his eyes.
Dean groaned in relief.
“The same way you do every day - he’s the same person he always was. Just give him an opening to make fun of your hair and you’ll be fine.”
Cas reached down between them, his hand shaking as it wrapped around Dean's length, fingers fluttering along it, making Dean's breath catch in his throat. Dean didn't know if it was Cas' nerves, or if he'd got him so close to coming so many times with his mouth and fingers that Cas' nervous system was just overloaded.
Dean was grateful for the first half hour, until he realised that the distraction techniques he was using on his brother were working great—on Sam. They weren't helping to focus Dean's mind at all, however. The more he had to drink, the less in control of his emotions and needs he was becoming, and the more distracting he was finding Cas.
Lots of love and thanks to the awesome Masonic for making me laugh, fixing my mistakes, and never yelling at me when I choose to keep any of them 😉
He wished he could just stop thinking, stop feeling, stop remembering and hurting. He burrowed deeper under his covers and wished he could make himself fall asleep, but the only time he'd done that had been when Dean had held him in his arms. The rest of the time, when he closed his eyes he felt overwhelmed with this fear that he'd never be able to open them and see the daylight again.
Cas nodded. It didn’t take much to get him drunk now his Grace was running on empty, but this wasn’t a stone cold sober sort of conversation he was about to have. He needed to stay in control, detached, calm and not let this turn into another argument and alcohol usually had a tendency to make him feel blessedly numb.
"So far…?"
He sighed tiredly. Cas always asked how he was, and Dean was always the same—miserable and lonely. Not that he ever told Cas that—he didn't need to heap guilt onto him, but life wasn't changing for Dean from one day to the next, or even one week to the next. Each day was the same without Cas by his side, and every hour was just killing time until the next text message or phone call.
“What do you think?” Cas asked, his eyes on their touching knees, curiously intimate in the small room. He needed some space to breathe, but either Dean didn’t realise, or he was refusing to move away on purpose.
"Yeah, well, if you're an idiot, then so am I. I was the one
"I've tried talking to him," Sam said, leaning back in his chair. "I've tried to get him to drink less, to talk to a doctor about his moods, maybe see about getting some counselling. I even offered to go too - Lord knows we've both got some serious daddy issues. He threw a Chinese throwing star at my head! Missed me by about an inch!"
you into trying to kill me?" Dean's hands clenched into fists by his sides, and Cas reached for them, taking them in his. With gentleness that seemed to be in conflict with his anger, Cas started stroking his thumbs over Dean's knuckles, trying to soothe Dean and make him relax them.
Dean reached for Chuck, his hand closing around his throat as he began to lift the man to his feet with one hand. When he let go Chuck stumbled and fell to the ground again, unable to hold himself up.
Thank fuck Cas was just as needy as he was. Dean gave a sigh of relief and settled back against his pillows.
." She gestured dismissively towards Cas.
Kate was glaring, her arms folded, her foot tapping. Usually pretty good natured and unflappable, she was definitely not amused by any of this.
The snappy, "Goodnight," from Sam followed by Eileen's, '
Dean's stomach actually swooped at the deep baritone of Cas' voice. He should be more than immune to it by now, but he was fairly sure the effect was getting worse rather than better. His stomach lurched at the sound of it in the same way it did when he took Baby over a hill in the road too fast, and it felt a little like his stomach had been left behind in the back seat. Like a roller-coaster, but longer lasting, more exhilarating, more addictive.
"Dean." The word was a plea, but Dean had no idea what he was asking for. He'd have given it to him. Christ, he would have offered his own family up in sacrifice if Cas had demanded it of him in that moment.
"Oh, no - this matters!" Dean took the stairs two at a time.
How Cas had somehow learned to verbally top from the bottom, Dean wasn't quite sure, but he wasn't complaining. His thumb was already spreading the leaking precum over the end of his cock, making his breath quicken so that surely Cas would be able to hear.
"You're God—Goddess, whatever—" What sort of God couldn't bring one little ex-angel back to life?
"It was a Christmas present from Sam and Eileen," Cas replied. "Have you been in that little herbal shop at the end of the highstreet? It's from there. They make all these environmentally friendly soaps and shampoos. It's where Sam gets those lavender bath bombs from."
“French toast," Dean filled in. "With bacon and maple syrup. We barely ever got to eat this stuff as kids, because, well, where would we cook it in a crappy motel? It was all dry cheerios, stale Pop-tarts and PB&Js."
Cas looked so forlorn, his face half lit in the flickering glow of the streetlight. Dean wanted to reach out to him, hold him, bury himself in him until all Cas’ doubt and all his own self hatred melted from their minds. When Cas had touched him, for a few blissful minutes he’d finally stopped hurting. No alcohol, no hunting, but somehow Cas had made him feel like his world wasn't ending. Then he'd fucked it up.
of it has been for nothing?"
"No." Cas bent close to Dean's ear, breathing into it seductively. "Just call me Miss Jersey."
Dean wrinkled his nose. Cas' sex talk could definitely do with some improvement.
"Cas," Dean murmured, reaching out for him as if to pull him close. Cas flinched back so violently that his back hit the wall behind him.
"Dean," Cas moaned. "This is killing me. Stop."
"I've lost my car keys," Kate muttered, not looking up from searching through her bag.
He was expecting either complete sparseness or a room that looked like Bobo the clown lived there. What he wasn't expecting was cosiness, warmth, lamps with gentle pools of light, throws over the sofa in soft greys and blues, a little fluffy rug in the centre of the room. What Dean loved the most was the row of photos along the mantelpiece. Everyone they ever loved, anyone who had been family or friend to Cas was captured for Cas to look at every day.
"I swear, sometimes I feel like I don't know you at all! You always direct the conversation back to me and I just let you. We're going to have to sit down and have a proper conversation about
"Yes."
Nothing felt normal.
"I woke up and you'd gone," Dean rebuked gently. "I didn't like that."
"I won't," Dean promised. Anything to feel Cas inside him. He would have given him literally anything he demanded.
When Dean was like this Cas knew from bitter experience that there was no talking to him. Staying to just let Dean use him as an emotional punching bag would benefit neither of them. He would clear the air and then get out of Dean's way.
would," said Sam. "I'll call Garth and Jodie. See if the families want to come over."
Kate watched him moving around the kitchen. She said nothing, but her eyes burned into him. Dean had no idea if he was expected to say something, but she wasn't his top priority right now. When everything was ready, he called over to Cas.
"Fix what?"
Dean's mouth brushed against the shell of Cas' ear, making him suck in a quick breath, realising that the violent shudder that went through him must have been unmistakably obvious. Cas could see exactly when Kate noticed it happening, and her grey-blue eyes widened, her hands tightening on his shoulders.
Cas felt the forehead pressed against his wrinkle in a frown. He felt Dean take a sharp breath in through his nose.
"No, No. Don't be sorry. I just… I don't know what the boundaries are here, and I don't want to screw this up."
The sofas were arranged around a huge old fashioned log fire under an oak mantelpiece, already piled high with logs, as if the owners hadn’t expected to leave when they did and had just readied it for their next use. It looked perfect for a cold November afternoon, and Cas wondered if it would be entirely wrong to drive back here once everyone had left to do his wallowing in front of a roaring log fire. He’d never sat in front of one before, but he had an idea that his now human senses would love the feeling of the heat warming his skin, the smell of the burning logs, the comfort of the orange flames dancing, licking at the wood. He found his feet moving towards that corner of their own accord.
“Dean.
Cas had practiced this. He could do this. It would be easy. He would use his words and ask for what he wanted—what he
"Second thoughts?" Cas asked softly, carefully, trying to hide how vulnerable he was feeling, how much he was laying on the line just being here, doing this. Dean pulled back to look at him properly—his eyes were closed and maybe that was why he couldn’t tell what was going through Dean’s mind, but Dean absolutely knew what was going through Cas'.
Cas scowled, refusing to look at Dean to see his reaction.
"You only did it that one time, and I take full responsibility."
Cas was opening his mouth to respond, but he wasn't sure what on earth he was going to say. It was such a fucking awful idea, and he wanted it so much it hurt.
"I've been spending time with Eileen too," Dean offered. "We've been trying to turn the Bunker into a bit of a Hunter base central, now it's mostly unused. She's been coordinating them, making sure everyone is accounted for and has backup. But she's so fucking snappy right now. Toughest woman on the planet, but she cried when I forgot to order her hotdog without onions!"
"You are aware that you actually live here?" Sam asked with barely concealed amusement.
"Maybe that would be more conducive to sleep. Last time I fell asleep it was after we had both achieved orgasm."
"And we don't have condoms in here."
"Aren't we all dead, in your bitter little screenplay of our lives?" Dean bit out on his behalf.
Three days was as long as Cas managed to last before, in desperation, he walked out of the bunker and rented the first apartment he was offered. It had a shower, a bed and most importantly it was void of persistent hunters and their personal space issues. Oh, the irony.
to help.”
“I don’t know if you’ve had too much to drink, but I’m going to give you the benefit of the doubt and put this down to alcohol. This ain’t gonna happen.”
"Fuck," Cas groaned out loud and Kate's eyebrows shot up.
"Thank you," he said sincerely, trying to get a world of meaning into those two words. Then he smiled a crooked, half smile. "I put yours in your room earlier today for the exact same reason. It turns out that gift giving is actually quite terrifying."
Dean grinned and bent his head to kiss Cas' neck, to run his tongue along the edge of his ear, to whisper hotly in his ear.
"What do you care?" Dean choked out.
"I didn't see you going out of your way to find me," Cas said, finally letting his hurt over it show. "You might not want me to say it, but you gave up because it
Cas strode across the room, immediately and without hesitation reaching for Jack’s arm, his hand closing around it.
Dean started grinding back against Cas, lifting his ass to try to wiggle into the right position so Cas would fuck him. The teasing was unbearable, driving him higher and higher, but at the same time making him want to beg and sob with desperation. He wanted Cas inside him. He
Dean took a breath. "For the right reasons, that would be great. But I don't need a babysitter, Cas. I need a friend, and if you're not coming here because you like being with me…" Dean's voice trailed off.
Dean and Cas wandered in to sit at the polished silver kitchen counter a minute or so behind Sam.
Here, like this, Cas was different and Dean had no idea how to handle it. He wasn't just what you could see, touch and hear - he exuded something more than that, he radiated a feeling that enveloped Dean from head to toe. Power filled the air around him, beating with anger, with sadness, with disappointment and the dull ache of a pain felt for far too long. It was enough to take Dean's breath away.
"Dean, have you heard yourself when you pray?” Cas' fingers had slid under the hem of his t-shirt and were caressing the skin of his back, exploring slowly. “Your prayers are the most irreverent, the most-"
- How do you think that would go?
What happened the night before came rushing back to him, only serving to add to his already insistent morning erection. Cas had a near photographic memory, and the vivid images of Dean's beautiful, talented mouth wrapping around his cock as he looked up at him with actual wonder in his eyes—well, that was something that Cas would be picturing in glorious technicolour every day for the rest of his life.
Cas nodded enthusiastically, letting out a relieved breath. "Yes! Remember the, um, seduction technique she uses in that film?"
"No, but apparently I
"Yeah, I get that. She wants someone to adore her, to choose her, and I can't be that for her. But how do we get Jack back if not by giving her what she wants? Don't tell me you haven't considered it, Cas."
and you'll scream my name so loudly that Kate will hear it from her house.”
She was annoyingly likeable, and Dean had to acknowledge that she was exactly Cas’ type. Oh God, he was going to end up alone, babysitting all Cas and Kate's and Sam and Eileen's kids. He’d be grumpy Uncle Dean. He’d get pity invites at Christmas where they’d argue over who was stuck having him over that year.
"Cas, you wanted me to be direct with you, right?"
"But?"
This time it was Cas who wrapped his arms tighter around Dean. Letting out a long huff of frustration, Cas pressed their foreheads together.
By silent mutual agreement, they had both moved onto coffee and off the alcohol, and Cas lifted a new, steaming mug to his lips. Dean wondered if it was himself that Cas didn't trust to get drunk, or if he was worried Dean would pounce the moment his inhibitions were lowered.
"I'm so sorry, Jack." Cas' words sounded final, broken, full of despair.
"I have no need for sleep," Cas said with a yawn.
Dean's door was thrown open and in the doorway was Sam in nothing but a pair of boxers, brandishing a demon blade in one hand and a shoe in the other. Dean stared at his brother, blinking at the sudden bright light.
Cas immediately stilled, then shifted backwards off Dean's lap entirely.
Cas wasn't sure he'd ever loved him more than he did in that moment.
Cas felt that his lack of culpability was debatable, but now really wasn't the best time to start listing the mistakes he'd made. Maybe he would write them all down and furnish Sam with a nice laminated copy and see if he would still smile at him so kindly then. Knowing Sam, he probably still would - Cas had never met anyone as kind or forgiving as the younger Winchester brother.
Dean bit his lip and glanced over at Cas. His shoulders were bare and Dean's eyes widened. He knew Cas preferred to sleep naked, and he was decidedly uncaring about Dean seeing his bare backside. Oh Christ, the angel was inches away from him in bed, in his freakin' birthday suit. His mouth went dry.
"I yield," Cas said, tipping his little metal ship over onto its side. "You'll beat us in a few turns, Sam."
Dean pulled on his coat, turning up his collar against the crisp night air that he knew would hit him as he stepped into the street.
Six weeks into his self imposed exile, Cas got a text from Sam.
"I'll go and get the chocolate coated testicles," Cas offered. "Any more beer?"
Cas gently placed his palm over the bruise blooming on his ribs and it disappeared in front of Dean's eyes. He took a shuddering breath and realised he could breathe deeply again without pain. He should have been relieved, but instead he was furious.
“I’m flattered, Beth,” he said kindly. “But I’ve got someone at home waiting up for me.”
"I told Garth about Purgatory going kaput," Dean said, sounding pleased with himself. "There were tears. Lots and lots of
"Where is Cas?"
"Hey, I can cook! I'm a good cook!" Dean argued. "Just because you haven't tried my cooking, Mr 'Everything Tastes of Molecules' doesn't mean I'm not good at it."
Never one to be known for his self control when it came to sex, Dean could feel his resolve wavering. Seeing Cas wearing nothing but a thin pair of navy blue pyjama bottoms, his upper body bared to him, all Dean wanted to do was explore every single bit of him. The dips and crevices; the hard muscular planes and the soft, pliant skin; the ticklish spots and the places that would make Cas moan - he wanted to chart that body like he was a fucking explorer.
"She's impossible to hate. Most of the time."
He'd vowed to kiss Cas any time he asked and that was a promise he would thoroughly enjoy never, ever breaking.
"I swear that when all this is all over, I'm taking you back to my bed and I'm not letting you out of it for a week."
“Alright, sweetheart. I’ve got you. Let’s get you comfy on the couch, where I can keep an eye on you and not fall asleep, yeah?"
, if nothing else. If it took him all night, he was going to make it good for him.
Dean tried to ignore the heat that filled his cheeks as he coughed to clear his throat.
"Dean, sit and eat this before it becomes inedible. If I have to microwave it, it'll become all chewy," Sam scolded, reminding Dean of what poor Eileen had to put up with on a daily basis. No wonder she was crabby lately.
“Missed you too,” Dean admitted hoarsely.
"Cas?" Dean called from where he was pretending to be relaxed in bed, propped against his pillows with a book he hadn't turned a single page of.
to. Except he knew even as he said it that it was a lie. His Grace couldn’t sustain him without sleep to recharge his cells, to rest his brain and allow his body to heal itself. Without sleep, he was a mess.
Kate’s hands were still on his arms, and he shrugged her off angrily, finally past being tactful or polite, not caring when Kate let out a small noise of surprise and stepped back.
"It's not gonna be easy. Dean is hellbent on working his way through dad's journal."
Sam looked over at Cas helplessly.
The touch of Dean's cold, smooth lips were such a shock that for a long moment Cas just froze, and didn't respond at all. And then his hands lifted to clutch at Dean's upper arms, the solid warmth underneath his palms both reassuring and steadying. And then, in response to Dean's insistent kiss, the gentle pressure on his mouth, the tongue licking against the seam, he opened underneath Dean with a deep, long moan.
Dean gave him a look that sent heat through him all the way to his toes. Okay, maybe there was a little bit of a rush. Cas found himself moving closer to Dean automatically, until their shoulders brushed as they walked. If Sam noticed, he didn't comment. Truth be told, Cas was pretty sure that he and Dean always walked close together, so it was likely Sam hadn't noticed anything amiss. Cas wondered if Sam would actually react if Dean just leaned down a little and kissed him.
Cas groaned at yet another reminder of the last time he showered, and at Katie's confused frown he shook his head.
Dean glowered at his brother uncharitably.
Dean stood back, but didn't sit down, hovering near them instead, as if he could transfer his skill to Cas through proximity alone. Glancing over at him Cas realised that Dean wasn't taking his eyes off him, and the warmth he saw there made Cas feel all the things he had been trying so hard to avoid.
"That bed doesn't look sanitary, or safe."
Cas felt like she had him pinned under a microscope, but his head was too fuzzy to dodge her line of questioning. It was all so fucking complicated and he was so tired of thinking.
"Here, drink this," he said, holding it out to him.
killed him.
With a pointed look at Cas, she said, "Enjoy him while you've got him, Castiel. It won't last."
"Isn't it beautiful?" Cas breathed, partly in order to break the silence, as Dean had yet to so much as acknowledge his presence.
Cas turned, his head reeling after an hour of what had been revelation after revelation. He stepped closer, his hand lifting and landing over Dean's heart without him really meaning to.
This was a terrible idea. He should pull away from them both, laugh it off, sit back down and
distracted. His stomach was clenching in that familiar way that told him something was about to go down. Even Cas' ass in his tightest jeans wasn't going to distract him. Much. Okay, fine - his head just wasn't in this today.
Cas looked helplessly at Dean and nodded.
Dean glanced over at Eileen with a wince at the mere thought of how she would have eviscerated him if he'd actually screwed with the seating plan. Eileen was glorious when she was angry… with someone else. Her glare being directed at him was something he worked hard to avoid. She truly was an amazing woman and Sammy was well and truly punching above his weight.
"They are," Dean agreed. "But I do think that Kate seems pretty desperate to find ways to distract us today."
Dean had to admit Cas had a point, but he wasn't going to be sidetracked.
As he came out of the bedroom, Dean caught his arm. "No, but you do look pretty damn nervous for someone who's just gonna be sleeping. I promise you, you're safe with me. Nothing will happen—I won't even peek at you while you're changing, I swear. This is meant to be about
who I need to hold in my arms to feel safe enough to close my eyes at night. You're everything, Cas. It's been you from the moment your sexy, angelic ass blundered into that barn, all white light and freakin' fire hazards."
"I'm not willing to grade you on your progress just yet. You might stop putting the effort in."
"Dean… it's Mom and Dad. They're alive—they're back. They're in my house right now."
"Kate," Dean acknowledged with a nod.
He ended up at the lake house most days and it was improving slowly. He'd sanded and painted or treated every bit of wood in the place, chucked out most of the old, unusable furniture and was planning on fixing up the kitchen cabinets next. He'd pulled Garth into helping, and they'd even managed to replace the windows for some slightly less rustic, but much more practical double glazed ones. His sunset views would no longer be marred by cracks, not that he'd been able to bring himself to look at the sunset through the bedroom window again since he'd so spectacularly ruined the last time with Cas.
"I wouldn't object to seeing you," Dean admitted. "But maybe get in your car instead?"
It could have been hours, or it could have been minutes—Dean had lost all track of time, Cas had reduced his body to nothing but sensation, his light touches sparking nerve after nerve until he felt like his skin had been electrified. He had never felt so wanted, so adored in his entire pathetic life. What Cas was doing to him made him feel like his soul was being pieced back together, carefully mended with every caress, with every look of those fucking incredible blue eyes.
“Good morning, Sam,” Cas said with an apologetic smile and a half wave.
This time Kate's snort was impossible to disguise as she collapsed into giggles.
Cas sighed, trying to get his head comfortable on the pillow. As his Grace had started to slowly ebb, he had started to become more and more aware of the uncomfortable sensations of being human. The scratchy feeling of the blanket, the awkward seam on his left sock that kept rubbing against his little toe, the itch of the stubble on his chin that was begging to be shaved off. How humans concentrated on anything at all with all this going on was a mystery.
"I don't think talking will help this situation."
Dean pulled back a couple of inches and Cas looked past him to Garth, Bess, Claire, Kaia and Eileen, who had all gone silent and weren't even pretending not to be watching them in undisguised interest.
“You’re doing good, sweetheart,” Dean praised gently, squeezing his shoulder and then going to top up Cas' glass of water. “You’ll feel so much better soon.”
“I didn't really think of Angels doing it any differently to humans. I definitely didn't pay enough if you were going to be with that girl for a long weekend!"
Dean blinked, dazedly following Cas up the stairs. There had been Bobby, looking really good—happy. There had been Ellen's bar but not in the right place. And no Cas. Where was Cas?
"Tall guy does," Cas agreed.
Dean felt Sam's eyes on him, saw the amused, indulgent smile on his face, and he silently gave him the finger. Sam rolled his eyes before heading back to finish whipping the cream for the pie.
"Dean!" Cas' annoyed tone cut through Dean's irreverence like a hot knife through butter.
When she didn't appear he tried again.
"Fuck yes, Cas," Dean breathed, jerking his hips, fucking up into Cas' hand. "Anything you want. Fucking anything."
Suspicion was etched in every line on his face, in the twitching muscle in his jaw, in his tense, hunched shoulders.
Neither one of them were very good at remembering to buy fresh food, both far too lost in the other to think about the mundane act of shopping, and Dean could honestly say that if he didn't cook for Cas, he wouldn't eat for days at a time, absorbing the dregs of his remaining Grace to survive instead. He simply forgets that he has a body to fuel now.
"And Dean?" Claire threw over her shoulder as she led the way back to her corner. "You might want to untuck your t-shirt. Or, you know, never talk to Castiel in public again."
"I-" Cas started to speak, but Dean shook his head at him and spun Claire around to face away from Cas and towards the rest of the room.
Dean grinned. "That too. She's nice. I like her, and I didn't think I would."
Sam had told him that Dean had withdrawn into himself after Cas left. His friends had been neglected to the point where people just stopped calling. But today, the love that filled this room
“Cas,” Dean murmured, the word sounding like a prayer on his lips.
Cas nodded.
Cas got to his feet, grumbling under his breath the entire time. He was pretty disgusting at this point, he had to admit.
"Well, Claire's timing sucked."
me, Cas?"
"Shut up and don't judge."
Dean looked at Cas, his lips twitching in amusement that he was trying desperately to hide. "I'll put that on the reserves list."
Cas tried again, bracing himself to be attacked.
Kate had finally started talking to everyone else again, instead of spending all her time hogging Dean's attention. As much as Cas hated to admit how jealous he had been all afternoon, now that he didn't have to watch them flirting while ignoring him constantly, he didn't feel like rushing home any more.
Dean was only nine footsteps away from the Bunker's entrance, his hands in his pockets, shoulders hunched.
"If Dean turns up here and you look and smell like this…"
"As much as I love that you two have finally pulled your heads out of your asses," he said a little awkwardly, "we're all getting frostbite here, and Kate is looking really fed up. I figured we could go back to the Bunker, get dry and then order takeout? Maybe watch a movie?"
"Don't," Dean said as gently as he could. "I came here to help you—no ulterior motives."
“I’ve spent weeks thinking about it since you came back,” Dean said, walking over to the leather sofa. He sat down next to Cas, close enough for their knees to brush. “Do you know what I think?”
His head felt like red hot knives were piercing his skull over and over again. His mouth tasted like crap and he had a vague but horrifying memory of having ugly-cried while holding on to Sam's leg.
"Shall we get him home?" she asked steadily. "I'll come with you."
are the one who is most likely to give us away! You're ridiculously tactile and grabby in front of people for someone who doesn't want anyone to know he likes guys."
The tired buzz from the downstairs intercom stopped Dean before the drool actually pooled in the corners of his mouth and ran down his chin.
And now he was thinking about Cas being topless in the sun, his skin glowing warmly, heat sinking into him, so that when Dean would slide his hands down his chest, it would feel almost hot to the touch. Then he'd bend his head and-
Dean swallowed a lump that had risen in his throat. That sinking feeling was back, the one that made him feel like there were heavy stones in the pit of his stomach. It hit him every time he thought about how Cas was here in Heaven, but how he didn't give enough of a damn to come and see him. He’d considered praying to Cas, prompting him - but what was the point? It hadn't worked when he was on Earth. Cas was busy, important, and for the first time Dean truly understood that Cas was a completely different species to him - a much more important one. He’d been playing make-believe for far too long.
"I've always been more of a doer than a talker." Dean shifted awkwardly in his seat. If he kissed Cas now, it would have the added bonus of shutting him up.
“Sam introduced us, actually. I’ve become quite fond of him.”
"Alright, old man. Not even you two can be in this much denial."
"You're a homemaker though," Cas pointed out warmly, and Dean could picture his soft smile, his kind eyes. He wanted to kiss him so much that it felt like a gnawing feeling inside his chest. "I like that about you."
For the purpose of this story, Cas either doesn't remember being or was never married to Daphne when he was Emanuel. The Supernatural writers seemed happy to pretend she didn't exist once Cas got his memories back, and I am too.
"I'm sorry for doubting you, Cas," he said seriously, glancing up as he sorted his pillows into the right positions. "If I ever do that again, you slap me down, okay?"
"I'm not… my life isn't written out for me! You lost, Chuck! Your control, it's gone now! You don't get to play with our lives anymore."
"What genius turns up with wine before mid-freakin'-day!"
"I'm a likable person," Cas said flippantly. Then indicating his arm with a tip of his head - "Are you back to normal again?"
"I'll leave you to it," Sam muttered, standing up with a wince. He stretched his neck to the side, kneading it with his fingers gingerly.
"And you complain the bunker is cold!" Dean muttered, shivering as he kicked his boots off and dropped them by the door, purely out of habit. They had recarpeted the whole of the Lake House in ridiculously thick, expensive carpets, which Dean had told himself hadn't been done purely to appeal to Cas' sensory-seeking side, but it absolutely had been. He wasn't even sure if Cas had noticed that he'd been trying to consider the Angel in most of his decorating decisions, because he quite desperately wanted his friend to agree to live there with him. The two of them and Miracle, and hopefully one day soon, Jack—he couldn't think of anything more perfect. Maybe he
want it, and
He needed this, and if Sam begrudged him it, well, screw him. Screw Sam and his perfect life and his awesome soon-to-be wife. They had no freakin' idea what it was like to be in his head all the time with no escape. They had no idea what it was like to want what they had, but to know he would never be able to have it.
“I’ll see you both at the wedding.” The dial tone felt rather like a slap in the face, and he guessed that had been the intended effect.
Was this some sort of test of his will?
fine. I just need time, and us being here alone isn't helping."
"There were more men out there who would pay for a fuck than there were women. I wasn't above turning a trick if it meant Sam could have a hot meal that night. I was… I was good at it. Repeat customers some of the time. It was-"
demand, however unreasonable. Because all Dean wants is to stop his pain, and in that moment, that's enough to quell it, to silence it. Just the fact that Dean would sacrifice his own happiness, his own needs just to make Cas happy, that was enough. That was… that was everything.
Generally, Cas didn't object to sex and debauchery, but he was only really interested in those things when they were specific to Dean. Tonight he was with Kate, Eileen and five of Eileen's hunter friends that he'd never met before, and he was feeling utterly out of place.
There was a pregnant pause and Dean wondered if he was allowed to interpret it as Cas telling him he’d wanted him. Because if he
"Anything." The word came out as a moan and Cas watched as Dean seemed to fight for control, his lips parting, his jaw tensing as he looked at Cas like he wanted to consume him. His eyes closed for a split second and when he opened them again the blazing heat in them made Cas jerk his hips against Dean out of pure instinct.
"Dean sounds like a great kid though. And how wouldn't he be with such an awesome name?" Dean's cheery tone was forced, but he was genuinely touched by Sam’s gesture.
"You left me in the Empty! You had no idea if Jack had rescued me - you didn't even
“Did you see what happened? Was he talking to anyone before he got like this? Did he put his drink down? Did someone look at Cas and think this would be funny?”
Dean lifted Cas' head gently, sliding a cushion underneath so he could slip out. Cas' breathing was reassuringly deep and even, and Dean gazed down at the sleeping angel fondly.
"I saw
"If you hadn't knocked Gary out, we could have been out of there any time we asked to be!"
Gabriel stalked past Dean and ran his finger along the dust on the bedside table, pulling a face before dropping onto the bed, wincing as it made a loud cracking sound in protest.
"I'm trying to go back to us being friends."
"She gives me the lowdown on her hunts, calls for advice if she needs it," he shrugged. "I don't talk much, but she likes to. I should have known she was upset, but she never actually said."
"Because marriage isn't just one quick
"I have neither the time nor the energy for this, Balthazar," Cas growled grumpily. "Now we can talk freely, maybe we can finally discuss what's been happening in Heaven?"
"Easy for you to say," he said, narrowly missing standing on both her feet at once. "This is actually making me worse."
"You were covered in thousands of bees, Cas!"
"I don't think this is the best place to-"
"Hey, you don't have to go that far," Dean protested, reaching for Cas' hips to pull him back.
"Do you think I'll go to Hell this time?" Dean asked, leaning his forehead on the cool mirror above his sink. The air was cold, but the whisky had warmed him from the inside out.
“Don't be a stranger!”
"Guys, can you stop making out over there and put just a little bit of effort into helping us escape?"  Dean and Cas had been too wrapped up in each other to notice that Sam had crossed the room to stand in front of them."Honestly, it's like you've gone back to being teenagers."
Cas nodded again, unable to swallow down the food in his mouth to properly reply.
“Definitely not Chuck,” Sam told his brother, raising his voice until he was almost shouting above the sound of the wind and the rain. “He was powerless. We kept an eye on him after he visited us at the bunker not long after you died. A few years later he wrote a book that flopped - An Autobiography of God. I think I might have been the only person to buy it. Then he tried to start a cult, and he was overthrown and kicked out. He died in his 70s and we made sure he was salted and cremated, just in case. This isn’t Chuck.”
Dean seemed to have stopped breathing. His tongue poked out to wet his lips, and Cas watched, fascinated, following it with his eyes.
"I think Dean can speak for himself, don't you, Sam?" Dean interrupted his brother with a warning glare. "Isn't something burning?"
won't be fine! He's going to call the police!"
"I'll decide that," Dean murmured against his mouth.
"I have been told that Christmas is a difficult time of year," Cas said, soothingly. "It can make people feel alone when they're not, make us vulnerable to making stupid decisions we might regret."
"I'm not good for you," Dean admitted. "It doesn't take a professional to figure that one out."
"That's kind of you," he nodded. "Everything is fine. I promise I'll tell you if it ever isn't."
The couch wasn't big enough for Cas to lie down on
Dean felt the heat rising to his cheeks and he turned his back on Cas, pulling his damp sweater and t-shirt off as one.
"It didn't seem wrong. It didn't feel wrong. We weren't in love or any shit like that, but he was the first person I'd been close to in a couple of years. We kept it quiet, because I knew how my dad felt. He'd guessed Josh was gay - he called him so many fucking names whenever he was out of earshot. So I knew. I should have known. It was my fault."
"We're celebrating!" Eileen signed to Cas, holding out her hand for him to see. A beautiful diamond sparkled in the light, simple, elegant and stunning.
"Come to bed with me, Cas." The words had left Dean's mouth before he could think about them, but once they were out there he couldn't regret them. He'd never wanted anything more than he wanted the man sat across the table from him now.
Taking Kate in his arms, he moved to the music like he'd been born to dance like this, his hips finding the rhythm of the beat naturally. He turned with her in his arms, spinning and even going so far as to dip Kate at the end, as he flashed a cocky grin at Cas.
"There's no need to look so cheery about it," he griped. "Fuck, this is hard."
"I'm going to keep you safe," Dean vowed. He'd never meant anything more in his life. "Whatever it takes."
"It's eleven o'clock at night," Cas muttered, eyeing the frozen tubs. "Don't you have work in the morning?"
For a moment Cas contemplated just walking away and calling Dean back to get on with it, but instead he righted a nearby chair and lowered himself onto it.
Dean had stopped rubbing Cas' hands and was just holding them, almost cradling them with unexpected tenderness, looking down at Cas with something unreadable in his face, that nonetheless set Cas' heart beating faster. The tips of Dean's fingers were tracing a path across his wrists, leaving little trails of fiery heat, and Cas' heart fluttered in his chest.
"Dean, if you're going to do an,
"That's how they trained you,
"We're going to finish this later,” he whispered in Cas’ ear—whether it was a threat or a promise, Cas wasn't quite sure.
"This vessel can be pleasing to the eye on occasion," he murmured noncommittally.
Distracted from Cas by the prospect of sampling that same delicious food, Dean padded back into the kitchen, mercifully before any of it burned. He opened the refrigerator door to grab a carton of orange juice and Cas' eyes widened as he caught sight of the formerly depressingly bare shelves, now stacked high with food.
Sam raised both his eyebrows, incredulous that Dean would even ask.
"I can… I can heal him if it goes too far."
Cas' fingers slipped under the elastic waistband of Dean's borrowed boxers, just an inch away from where Dean's cock was aching for Cas' touch. Dean's hand shot out to stop him.
"And Gabriel is the reason that cats can sense when someone in the room doesn't like them and will immediately sit on that specific person. He made them shed hair everywhere, just because all Balthazar’s clothes were black. And he gave them claws purely so they could cling on when Balthazar tried to tip them off him. In the end Balthazar had to fashion himself leg guards out of leather to protect his knees."
"The sacrifices my brother has made for me, the way he protected and raised me… I wouldn't be here now without everything he did for me, and honestly that sounds so empty, because Dean really did sacrifice
"Okay, your turn. Ruby, Meg and me."
Dean was pretty sure at this point that
He was two minutes away from the bunker, but the ache he felt in the pit of his stomach wasn’t easing up as he got closer to home. When he stepped inside he realised Sam and Eileen were already in bed and the sinking feeling got worse. This was usually when he started regretting not having taken up the various offers of company he'd had. He could have taken that chick home, or James. Screw it, why choose? He could have taken them both home together and made a party of it. But he wouldn’t. He hadn’t in years, and he refused to admit to himself why that was.
"Hopefully you, any minute now," Dean growled against his neck, pulling a condom machine sachet of lube from his pocket and pressing it into Cas' hand. "Need you to fuck me, Cas."
"If I can beat you at pool this time, you have to sing for us at the reception," Sam insisted, slurring his words a little. "First dance, sung by you!"
"I'm happy for you, Sam," Cas said, even pausing in his napkin destruction to beam at his friend. "You and Eileen are a very good match."
"Do you want me to find Robin…?"
hug. It's what we do. Garth hugged me earlier and the world didn't implode."
"He's your brother. I don't know. Maybe they'd like their own Nigel for their new house?"
Dean looked down and eyed the obvious bulge in his jeans that seemed utterly unwilling to subside.
He waited expectantly.
Dean watched Cas through hooded eyes. His cock was so hard that it was actually painful.
“—have restraint and foresight?” Cas finished for him, pulling his hand from Dean’s jeans, but not bothering to zip him back up. He wrapped his arms around Dean, hugging him tightly for one long moment.
Well, as the only type he had ever had was sitting across from him now, achingly sexy in one of what must be an endless supply of flannel shirts, Cas severely doubted it.
"To be fair, it was a pleasurable experience. Aside from the brutal torture."
"Is that your actual answer?"
"I mean, me too," Donna agreed. "But I sure do miss it. The fun times, the talkin' and the wakin' up in someone's arms…"
"Are you telling me there is some sort of monster that only appears when I get hurt?"
"Screw you, Cas."
The applause from the guests, led by Sam and Eileen was warm and heartfelt. Claire was whistling and cheering loudest of them all, and suddenly he felt like he could do anything, stand up to anyone. He scanned the room and spotted his father standing with an unreadable expression on his face, staring towards Cas as the angel picked his way through guests to head towards the restrooms, stopping to talk to Sam and Eileen, before carrying on.
"How about we just do what feels right, and if at any point one of us feels uncomfortable then we just say?"
"'Cause I was thinking, you know… If you need help sleeping, I can stay? Not forever. I'm not trying to move in." He dropped his head into his hands. "Ah, hell. Hearing myself saying it out loud, I sound like a one night stand who really doesn't know when to leave. Maybe you
"I thought we were picking on Cas here?" Dean grumbled.
"I really didn't deserve her forgiveness, let alone
of the loud, obnoxious Christmas music beat rhythmically through the kitchen wall, assaulting Cas’ ears as he sought refuge there. It wasn’t that Cas wasn’t having a good time—he actually really loved the concept of Christmas. Not for the religious side of it, but for the social aspect of it all. He liked the kindness, the coming together, the spending time with family, whether blood or otherwise. It was nice.
"In every way." He paused, wondering if he should ask. "Cas, why isn't my dad in Hell?"
"I'll bring you a pack of cards," Dean offered shortly. "And a new lock for the front door. Cas, are we done here for today? I'm beat - it's been a long day."
His eyes still glazed, his mind racing, he nodded again, slowly. "I did. I came back."
"I can't do this without him. I can't. I've
Dean shook his head, walking towards the door. "Fine -
Cas shook his head. Dean had his arm on the table and he jumped when Cas reached over and grabbed his wrist, turning his arm so that it was underside up. Dean shot Cas a quizzical look.
Dean seemed to be holding his breath only to let it out in one go.
What would it take to make Cas realise he was being romanced? It turned out that making napkin dicks would do it. Dean felt laughter bubbling back up again.
"Trust me," Cas growled. "Why is your first reaction always to doubt me! I'm on your side! I don't know how else I can prove my devotion to you without literally, physically tethering my soul to yours!"
Cas couldn't be gone. This had happened before, Cas had died before and he'd always come back, always been recreated again. But…
"Cas," Dean interrupted, hoping to shut him up by derailing his chain of thought. "How are you feeling? Still thirsty?"
"Always am. I'll drop the car off for you tomorrow, if you like."
Cas watched as Dean dressed his wound, gently and efficiently. “Having such sensitive nerve endings takes some getting used to," Cas admitted, pulling a face at his stinging finger.
doing it again.
"Perhaps your father is like me in that regard, and manages to set fire to toast and burn water as well?"
“Hi Sam,” Dean smiled. “We were just talking about you.”
something!"
Warm hands slid down Cas' calves, pausing to raise his eyebrows at Cas' mud and leaf caked socks. Throwing Cas a look that said, 'on the doorstep, my ass' he lifted each of his feet in turn, pulling the dirty socks off, throwing them deftly into his own laundry basket.
When a sob finally escaped from his throat it was painfully loud. It seemed to echo around the Bunker and Cas flinched at the sound of it, fearful that their friends would hear and come up, and how would they explain this? He could scarcely explain it to himself.
"Boy wants his daddy," Gabriel said, giving Cas a sympathetic shoulder squeeze.
His voice was a little out and he knew it. He cleared his throat again, conscious of Cas laying unnaturally still in his arms, as if he were afraid that if he moved again Dean would stop.
"Dance with me!" she demanded, grabbing at Cas' hands as he tried to wave them out of her reach.
“Alright,” he murmured, holding Sam and patting his back. “It’s alright.”
"Yes," he ground out. "You know I did. Do you know how tempting it is to drag you away somewhere and do it again? All of it?"
Cas couldn't listen to it anymore, he surged forward, his fist raised to shut Chuck up and Dean spun, turning away from Chuck to intercept Cas' punch with his own forearm, blocking it perfectly.
"You have absolutely no grasp of the rules of society."
Dean let out a slow breath. "We'll get him back. First thing was confirming she had him, and we've done that."
"Nothing that makes sense. Some snippets of a conversation with Sam. When he told me how Eileen proposed to him, it hit me that I already knew."
"That's nearly two weeks. I could have gone insane by then."
Cas fought the tears that stung behind his eyes. He hated that he was hurting Dean, he hated that Dean didn’t trust him and he hated that their lives still weren’t free of this crap. Where was their happily ever after? Where was Dean’s? When would it all just stop?
"Dean, we need to talk."
a Nigel?”
"The snow has cleared," she said finally. "You promised I could meet your family. Will they be coming to the wedding, or will I get to see this beautiful Lake House of Dean's when I meet them?"
who chose to fall for you. I know who I am and whose side I'm on - it's
And with that, Cas was back to sitting on the bed. The only difference this time was that Cas was no longer keeping to his side - their arms were brushing, their legs touched.
"I don't
"You don't sound like you need any more coffee," Cas observed dryly. "But yes, please."
“He’s not my type.”
"You know you're not obligated to help out?" Cas pointed out. "Your father is behaving appallingly."
"I don't mind." Cas was sliding his hands up Dean's arms, lifting them until they were above Dean's head, pinned to the pillow above them, his weight holding them in place. "I
“I don’t think it will,” Dean admitted. It was the first time he’d said it out loud.
"Fuck, yes." Dean had to stop, to still his hand or he'd be done and this would be over. He pulled his hand from his boxers and pressed it flat to the bed beside him instead, breathing fast.
"It's over, Sam!" Dean hissed, turning to face him and letting soapy wet suds drip from his hands onto the floor. "It never really started. Even if I could get over all the crap dad put in my head, which I
"Ready to go?" Dean asked, bending to tie his laces.
to talk to his mom, and he knew that a confrontation wouldn't be long coming with his dad. The life Dean was living wasn't the life that John had wanted for his son, and John was used to getting exactly what he wanted when it came to his eldest son. Dean was a soldier—he followed orders—
"Did you know that I couldn't stop
"I'm sorry, man."
he thought, and found himself feeling relieved at the prospect. Anything that took her focus off him and Cas could only be a good thing. Speaking of which, he caught the angel’s eye across the room and picked his way through the rapidly expanding crowd towards him.
"Cas!" Dean was standing in the doorway, gesturing impatiently for Cas to follow him, before turning and marching back towards his room.
"We can't explain here," Dean said, looking at his bloodied, split open knuckles and then shaking them, as if giving them a good shake would magically fix them.
"God, look at you," Sam said, rolling his eyes at his brother.
The sweet, tangy scent of ripe cherries rose up, carried in the steam from the shower, It mixed with the smell of almonds, confusing the hell out of Dean's senses, which were already on high alert, by throwing hunger into the mix.
it okay.” Cas was wrapping his arms around him now, pulling him in until they were so close that the fluorescent light couldn’t find a single gap to shine through between their bodies.
"Again."
Dean's arms unfolded and in an even clearer show of support, he slid his hand into Cas'.
Dean rested his head on the closed door and groaned. How was he supposed to not be in love with that?
"Claire, go and check on Kaia. She looks a bit overwhelmed." Dean's tone brooked no argument.
"I really, really don't dance," he told her again.
"That still doesn't explain why you haven't been with anyone since then. Surely there's been someone?"
"Why haven't you healed it?" Dean asked, peeling back the sticky bandage to reveal the jagged gash down his forefinger. "Is your Grace too low now?"
"Hey," Dean murmured softly, making Cas' head shoot up at the unexpectedly soft tone. "We'll get him back. I promise we'll get the kid back, and when we do the first thing we'll do is take him fishing. A cooler full of beers, just the three of us for a bit - no stress."
"There's no need," Cas said. "I'll just be topless instead - I go to bed naked when I'm on my own, so it's not like it will bother me."
"Private?" Dean waggled his eyebrows even though Cas couldn't see him.
"That would be a very bad idea," he said to her, pulling Cas even closer into him, as if trying to reassure Cas that it was him he wanted. His hold was almost possessive and Cas desperately wanted to let go and revel in it.
Dean's lips quirked up, but his shoulders were high, his posture stiff. He was anything but relaxed.
Turning away from Cas, like Cas' distress didn't matter at all to him, he advanced on Chuck.
Oh, he had to stop wallowing. It didn't help, it just made him feel sad and panicky all at the same time.
Dean watched him steadily, then did the same with his drink.
"I'm sorry," Dean whispered, burrowing back into Cas' chest. He wasn't even sure what he was sorry for. For the t-shirt? For pushing him away? For not being able to say he loved him back? For making Cas love such a screw-up?
"I'm sorry," Dean said, and the tears that were threatening to spill over testified to that. "I'm really fucking sorry. I regretted it five minutes after I ended things, but by then it was too late."
“Sure, kid.” Dean obediently maneuvered the giggling child onto his shoulders.
"Hello, yourself."
"You don't need fucking faggots hanging around you."
"Mmm-hmm."
He said it in his head, as if it was enough. It wasn’t.
“Promise me,” Dean spoke, his breath hot in his ear.
Dean groaned and Cas' grin widened, seeming truly himself for the first time all day.
“Pretty much. Maybe not when I’m eating or driving.” He paused, looking thoughtful. "Or urinating."
Being in love with Cas was the most aggravating thing. He didn't see anything clearly, because all he could think about was how much he wanted that frustrating, perfect angel to be his. He'd thought that living with him would quell some of the craving, calm it all down to a dull roar at least. But it hadn't done that, and now he couldn't tell if Sam was right or not because all he could see was Cas—beautiful, addictive, incredible Cas, who he loved so completely that he said it to him in his head a hundred times a day. He just wished he could say it out loud.
"Can we talk?" she asked Dean, and Cas tried not to let himself feel the sting of being so blatantly ignored.
a lie. Fuck, Cas." There were tears in Dean's eyes and it nearly broke Cas entirely.
"Concentrate, Cas. Yes or no?"
"And Sam."
"Ouch. A three? You really know how to wound a guy."
"I couldn't actually see anything for the bees crawling all over your body!"
Dean felt a thrill shoot through him when seconds later the phone buzzed in his hand.
"Yes! And the music is making them all vibrate! I feel so vibrational!"
Occasionally Cas wished he'd fallen in love with the other brother. Sam wouldn't have reciprocated any more than Dean had in the end, but Cas was fairly sure that he'd have been nicer about it. Certainly less confusing and full of mixed signals at least. If only it was possible to choose which unavailable person you wanted to not love you back, he thought bitterly.
"You think this is new for me?" Dean growled. "Really? Because if you think how I feel about Cas is new, you haven't been paying attention!"
He pushed Dean's legs apart, and his fingers coated in oil, Cas rubbed and pressed against Dean, teasing and sliding until finally one finger eased inside him. Dean pushed back with a whimper. Cas' other hand found Dean's cock again, moving his hand in time with the hand that was fucking him.
“That’s enough playtime now," Jack said in a tone that now Cas was looking for it, sounded nothing like Jack. The realisation hit Cas like a tonne of bricks.
The hug broke apart, Sam throwing Dean another forlorn, worried look and Dean clapping him reassuringly on the shoulder. Dean was left with his arms still around Cas and had to reluctantly step back. If Cas was right, then Sam and Eileen probably knew that at least
“What were you told?”
"Thanks, Cas. Will you send me that when you get home?" Dean reached out and squeezed his arm and Cas beamed back at him.
notice
"It should wear off soon."
"Yes," Cas whispered. "Absolutely, yes."
“It was a long-shot,” Cas shrugged. “He’s not answered me once though, so that doesn’t mean it wasn't him.”
"But he's barely sleeping, barely eating," Sam continued. "You want him to want to live again, yeah? You want him to be happy. Don't you think having his best friend back might help?"
The suspicion towards Kate that had been gnawing at him for so long was finally let loose, set free by his fury over anyone daring to put Cas in danger.
Dean could feel the rage rising to replace the hope, fighting with the despair that was already filling him, overwhelming his senses. His hands clenched into fists as his body tensed, preparing to release weeks of pent up frustration and aggression. It wouldn't be an evenly matched fight he knew, but he was fairly certain he'd get in a good few swipes with his blade before she took him out.
"Cas…" Dean warned.
His voice was heavy with an emotion that Dean couldn't quite put his finger on, but God he wanted to. He wanted to know what Cas was feeling, what he was thinking. He needed to know so he could make everything perfect for him. Cas deserved perfect. He deserved to feel wanted, cared for and cherished, even if Dean could never show Cas in any other way.
"I need to know where we're going," Dean said instead, waving in the vague direction of Cas' burned palm. "But if I enter it into my phone, is she going to see and follow us? I mean she could be watching now for all I know, and then I've fucked this up just by mentioning it."
"I don't really wear them, so I only have a couple of pairs, and they always end up at the bottom of the laundry basket. Um… I could lend you a t-shirt and some boxers? I've just got some colorful ones with pictures on them."
“Yeah, well he’s God’s dad now, ain’t he? Maybe that makes him too big a deal to look in on the hairless apes?”
"My promises aren't conditional. I'm going nowhere unless you tell me to."
"Like she doesn't already know," Dean muttered. Eileen was one of Dean's favourite people—definitely in amongst his top five humans ever. But fuck, she was terrifying when she was angry.
Cas stood next to Dean, his wrist still held painfully tightly in his grip, wondering what the hell Dean was doing. Did he want to play Monopoly? Now? Really?
Dean narrowed his eyes. “No,” he said firmly. “I’m not letting you put the rest of your name on my ass.”
Under other circumstances, said inoffensive housemate wouldn't be looking at Cas like he was something Miracle had left on the sitting-room rug.
"Don't worry about it."
He and Cas had spitballed, throwing out ideas all the way to the small converted barn where the wedding was to take place, but the one idea that they both kept coming back to was Amara. She'd gone quiet, but she still hadn't given them back their boy, and was undoubtedly still watching them. All Dean could think could have happened was that she saw how close he and Cas were getting and had decided to fuck with that. And as much as he didn't want to admit that his parents' return could fuck with his relationship, he'd be a fool to not see it as the danger it was. His heart hadn't stopped hammering too hard inside his chest since Sam had called to tell him the news.
"And really, we're only related to each other in much the same way as all the humans are related to each other, but because there were fewer of us, there's this closeness. It leaves the relationship very open to confusion. I mean, I call Balthazar my brother, but he'd definitely try to get into my pants if he could."
As Dean helped himself to the seat Kate had vacated moments before, he shot her a false smile that didn't make it to his eyes.
The lamp flickered and died.
"It’s the ultimate punishment,” Cas admitted. “It was used in the past to humiliate the very worst of the traitors.”
"And the fact that Jack tattooed us both might have prompted us somewhat," Balthazar added.
"And we'll be right back where we were a month ago."
"Cas, I've got to go."
a room," Dean muttered darkly. Then he perked up. "You know, if we lived together we could do fun shit like this all the time."
"I don't know what's going on, but I'll be there in twenty. We'll sort this out."
“Kate can recommend someone for you to talk to if you ever do feel like it would help?" Cas was saying gently. "She’s got contacts, and she can tell you who’s likely to be good, who you can trust. You could ask to see her, but she's a child psychologist and I don’t think it’s the sort of thing that would translate.”
Cas never got to study him like this, so utterly unobserved. It felt wrong, but so freeing to just be able to
"I really liked it there."
Cas was so close to falling to his knees and making his desperate plea at Dean's feet. He couldn't do this!
That morning, after Dean had gently woken Cas and explained Sam's phone call to him, Dean had immediately wanted to talk about what this meant for them. It was his first thought, his priority, the thing that was scaring him the most about this new development, and it needed resolving immediately, before he spiralled any further.
saying.
Dean considered for a moment, forming a mental picture and then he grinned. "Actually, that does help."
"Everywhere! Anywhere! He just told me Crowley is running Hell with Rowena, so we'll call them. We've got to start somewhere! You pray to Jack again - I need to get dressed."
He should have talked to Claire a long time ago, but even if he had, what on Earth could he have said?
"Let them look. They don't know anything for sure."
"You've got me there. Can you imagine Chuck and Amara in therapy? I'd pay to see that!" Sam grinned. "Or Rowena and Crowley!"
Before Cas had finished his second anecdote, all three children were fast asleep—excitement, lots of food, and the late hour exhausting them completely. Dean had moved closer to Cas, his entire side pressed against him and his head leaning heavily against Cas' shoulder.
“Are you gonna be home for the next few days? Cas and I could come visit, take you out to dinner, check out the area for any more weird-ass animals while we’re there?”
Cas held up a hand that was wrapped in a messily applied bandage. Blood was already oozing through it and it looked like it would fall of into Cas' glass of beer at any moment.
"Why are you in such a rush to go to bed?"
Dean smiled against his lips and wondered if Cas had realised he was calling them his family now. He'd have considered mentioning it, reinforcing to Cas that he was right,
for making me play this game."
. Do you remember how you felt when Chuck locked you away? How he made you feel so fucking helpless? That's what you're doing to Jack. I know it's your family's way of doing things, but it doesn't have to be."
"-no Cas! I haven't slept. I've been up all night, and I need to talk to him. I can't just pretend I don't know what he did for me. I need to
Oh God, they were even more fucking terrifying than normal cats! Like raw chickens with extra legs.
"The scar won't go anywhere - you're stuck with that," he apologised. "But at least it won't hurt now. Being human - what's it like?"
"Here." Cas handed Dean a glass of water from off of his bedside table, as if he could read his mind. Dean sincerely hoped he couldn't.
“Hey.” The smell of her perfume hit him first, and he reluctantly looked up. “Dean, right? I’m Beth.”
Cas looked up at Dean again, his grin wide. Deliberately, slowly, he winked at Dean. This time it almost worked, and Dean made a mental note to ask him later if he'd been practicing in the mirror. God, he loved him.
"Ready to face the world?" Cas asked, going to the door without looking back at Dean.
Dean finally stopped, turning to Cas and making a, "what now?" gesture with his split and raw hands. What they had thought would happen hadn't. There had been no appearance of a White Knight to save Chuck and now there was just a bleeding one-time God lying almost senseless on the Bunker's floor.
Sam raised his hands in surrender at the fury in his brother's face. Realising he'd overstepped the line, he ushered Eileen into the next room, leaving the other two alone.
“I,” said Cas, his fingers caressing the sensitive skin at the back of Dean’s neck. “Am.” Their lips were brushing with each word, their breath combining. Dean’s eyes had drifted shut. “Yours.”
"You're not even slightly subtle, you know. Why don't you just ask if I've heard from Cas?"
of the Deans from falling in love with their Castiels? Not a single one of them - I didn't even bother to try after the first few. Every story needs a sad, unrequited love story to give the audience something to cling on to, and that was yours. If you think how you feel about him is unique, it's not. Your soft, human heart fell for Castiel in every single world I created. You had no control over that."
"I wasn't thinking clearly,” Cas defended. “Someone had just thrown a load of new information at me, out of nowhere!”
He felt Cas' thighs tremble, his legs struggling to hold him up. He fell forwards then, supporting himself against the wall, thrusting with far less control than he had been seconds earlier.
everything you did was for your brother." Cas leaned down to kiss him again and this time Dean kissed him back until they were clinging on to each other, hips moving together instinctively.
"Every single person who cares about me dies, Sam. They die, or get taken, or lose their souls, or if they do survive they just up and leave me anyway."
“I dislike that I now constantly feel either too hot or too cold,” Cas grumbled, watching Dean as he tried to get comfortable. “It’s very distracting.”
Who was he kidding? He
My brother always did indulge you all too much."
“I know," he told Cas unrepentantly. "And I don’t want to make you feel awkward, Kate, but me and Cas have a shit-ton of things we need to talk out."
"He said I'd caused it all, that I was weak and selfish, that if I'd kept control of my
Cas nodded. That worked as a distraction, and then maybe he could claim he was tired and go back to the apartment. He was a mess of emotions and he wasn’t really coping today. He wanted to throw himself into Dean’s arms. He wanted to curl up and sleep in his arms. Fuck, he was tired. And he wanted to cry for all he’d lost, for all the stupid mistakes he’d made. It was like he’d finally got to the point where he couldn’t hold it all in anymore. Kate said he needed more sleep, but he’d tried repeatedly and he just couldn’t manage it.
"About as hard as I was. Should've done something about it then."
The sober conversation hadn't gone well. Dean was coming down off a week-long binge and his hangover was pretty spectacular. Sam had decided to approach the conversation from a 'get your act together because you have to be my best man in 6 weeks' point of view, which Dean had taken as 'I don't care if you're struggling, as long as you don't ruin my wedding,' and Sam had quickly backtracked.
All he actually managed to get out was a strangled groan that may or may not have been taken as an agreement by the unfairly good looking man next to him.
"I don't even know what to do with that shit," Dean threw his hands up in the air, unconsciously mirroring the same frustrated gesture his brother had made minutes before. "I heard voices in my room, one of them was
said goodbye!  I didn't even get the chance to process what the hell was happening before you'd gone!"
“Cas, we need to talk about this.”
"Cas," Dean chided gently. "You know we are. She's just projecting because she was so upset over losing you. She hugged you before she hit you - that counts for something, right?"
Cas swiped impatiently at the tears that were silently making their way down his own cheeks.
"I don't know what made you think it was going to be helpful to spring this on me, but I'm going to guess that Dean had no idea I was going to be here either?"
He slipped under the covers and the stark contrast between the cold air of the room and the incredible, comforting warmth that immediately enveloped his entire body actually made him groan out loud. The covers were beyond soft and he sank into the mattress, which was covered in something that had pretty much turned the entire thing into a damned cloud. The pillows were bouncy and perfect, and
"Yes! That's what I was seeing too! Maybe one of the books is a Harry Potter book?"
They lay together unmoving for what seemed like an eternity, their ragged breaths gradually calming, hearts slowing. As the sweat dried on their bodies even Dean began to feel the chill of the winter air.
"We've got through years of misunderstandings, arguments, tragedies and deaths, and we've always found each other again," Cas tried to reassure him. "You don't need to do anything to keep me here, I'm already pretty invested."
Kate walked the few steps to the back of the couch, her high-heels clacking against the tiled floor in a way that made Dean glad they didn’t have downstairs neighbours to piss off.
"You won't lose me. Not ever, Dean. But you can't expect me to act like nothing has changed."
"Only you could make going to a strip club sound so fucking tragic." He leaned down to drop a kiss on Cas' mouth. It was intended as a brush of the lips, a brief show of affection, but Cas sensed the moment where Dean thought, 'fuck it' and let himself deepen the kiss.
"You need
Dean shrugged. "They're cute."
"When I get back into Heaven, I'm going to find him and I'm going to personally drag his ass to Hell," Cas growled, breaking the kiss and leaning his forehead against Dean's, breathless.
"I know that you're so proud of your brother," Cas told him, leaning into his side. "And you think he doesn't see how much you sacrificed for him, but we
Cas had to agree. "Look, I don't want to alarm you, but look at the locks on the doors."
Cas rolled his eyes at Dean. He'd been pretty drunk back at the bunker—in truth maybe they both had been. Dean had certainly been a lot less guarded than he would usually be. But a brisk walk in the freezing cold outside air had sobered them both up pretty effectively. Effectively enough, apparently, to mean Cas was back to rolling his eyes at him as if he were the biggest idiot in the world. In an affectionate manner, Dean hoped.
The room was filled almost wall-to-wall with furniture that seemed to be quite surplus to requirements, and only served to make it feel cramped and oddly stuffy. This, along with the presence of Sam, Dean, and Cas—who were anything but small in stature—gave the impression that the cabin was even smaller than it actually was. At one end of the room, the ceiling sloped so low that Dean had to duck his head as he paced back and forth in the restricted space.
"Candy Cain," Cas supplied for him with a nod. "What parent calls a child Candy when their last name is Cain?"
"I'm very annoyed with you, Dean."
"-nothing about you is unique. Every one of those Deans died nothing more than a hunter and a failure, every one of those Deans died unloved and unwanted."
"I've gone to a lot of effort to come here to speak with you today. Most of the others wanted to kill you to get you out of the way instead. We had to create a distraction on the other side of the globe to get Her attention away from here so I could talk to you without being seen. Every moment I'm out here with you in the open, I'm putting us at risk."
Cas froze and Dean couldn't believe he'd said it out loud.
"How about guys?" Kate asked, her eyes wide and her donut still half way to her mouth, forgotten about entirely.
"How could you ever have loved me when you think this fucking little of me?" Dean asked. "I'm genuinely curious. If I'm that much of an asshole, why me? Why not Sam? He's a good guy, he's obviously better than me. Why not him?"
"When you kiss me, I will
"Everything okay?" she asked, eyeing Dean's still half full plate. "I can do you a doggy bag if you want to save the rest for later?"
Dean choked on his coffee and Cas sighed, rubbing his back, which thinking about it, probably didn't help with her assumption.
Dean looked her in the eye, an, 'I know what you're doing' smirk on his face. "I'm good with what I've got, Kate."
"I know, and I think I'm gonna need something stronger than this damn coffee in me to make you understand."
Two minutes later Dean had picked the lock, and, muttering about how the lock needed to be the first thing that was fixed, he pushed the heavy wooden door and stepped inside.
"It's not okay," Dean argued, very deliberately rolling his hips against Cas', making him groan out loud against Dean's mouth.
Breakfast was an awkward and torturous affair. Sam greeted Cas warmly and then informed him that Dean had gone for a drive and he could almost hear the,
Fear, love, loneliness, shame, anger, disappointment, that desperate need to please…
"That's a good idea."
“You were already doing these things with Sam and they didn’t make you happy,” Cas pointed out.
With a resigned sigh, Cas was moving, but it wasn't to get out of bed and go to the privacy of the bathroom—no, it was to quite distinctly shift his boxers down his thighs, kicking them off entirely, and then, if the small sigh of relief was anything to go by, he'd wrapped his hand around his cock.
“Every inch of my skin is freakin' singing, Cas,” Dean said, surreptitiously adjusting his jeans to try to untrap his throbbing cock.
Cas opened his mouth to respond, but a hand in his shoulder stopped him.
"I'm sorry, did you say years?"
Cas didn't need to look, but he did it anyway. The devastation was written all over Dean's face, in every tense muscle, and it made his stomach clench. No one knew how to tear apart their characters like the author who created them, and Chuck knew exactly where to hit to do the most damage, without ever raising his fist.
Cas felt his lips twitch with a smile. He and Gabriel had become much closer since they were released from the Empty, and although he felt there was an element of playacting, there was an undercurrent of real caring underneath it all.
“Sure,” Dean agreed evenly, cringing internally at his own dismissive tone. “But as you pointed out, it’s an early start tomorrow and I’m sure Eileen will want you feeling fresh as a daisy.”
"Nothing Dean. Absolutely nothing. Which luckily is what you want to give."
"You slept for—" Dean looked at his watch, "—twenty eight hours. And ten minutes. I've been checking your pulse to make sure you were still alive. Luckily, what with Kate once being a nurse and all, she gave you a quick once over too, to put my mind at rest. Otherwise, I was actually thinking of waking you up, just to check I still could. You were really out of it, man."
"If I become God again, I'm not going to do any of the boring stuff—I'm going to paint the world with rainbows!" Cas paused, tapping his painted chin thoughtfully. "But I'm still going to slaughter all the homophobes. They deserved it, Dean. I don't regret that."
"Dean…" Cas tried, reaching for him. "Don't believe any of it. That isn't who you are. That isn't the future you have - he doesn't get to write your future anymore."
"Me too." They had plans to get the kids out of the way the moment they needed to, but Dean didn't like having to worry about them. Then there was the issue of how to stop their friends from interfering. He loved them, but getting involved was what they
Cas watched her, his brow furrowed. "It's because she's not evil, not any more. Jack's power, Chuck's power - they've mixed with the Darkness and made… you. You're not killing us because you're not actually the darkness anymore. You're full of light too."
Fabulous - now he needed to urinate. How useless was a body that demanded you drink copious amounts of fluid for survival, only to then issue urgent orders for you to expel it all again? As Dean would say,
As the words fell from his lips, Dean froze, his fork half way to his mouth. Fuck, if that wasn’t the most leading question Dean had ever asked.
"I'd kill
never fallen in love with the man he'd raised from Hell, only to be allowed to have him for a matter of weeks, before having to let go all over again. Screw him, and screw his 'meaningful adult conversations' - they were overrated. And when Cas had mentioned them to Kate in passing, she'd called Dr Graham a condescending prick. Maybe she'd had a point.
Oh, Dean missed that smell. He'd used up all of Cas' shampoo and body wash weeks ago, and he'd thrown away the bottles after he'd caught himself sniffing them. He'd been worried that he'd finally lost it completely.
Dean's hand was on Cas' hip, sliding up and under his t-shirt, finally touching scorching hot bare skin, but the sound of Kate stomping towards the door in her heavy black boots brought them both back to the present. She stopped with her hand on the door handle.
thought so," Gabriel agreed.
Pulling Dean up against his chest, wrapping an arm tightly around his waist and bringing his other hand to Cas' neck, he wrapped his fingers around his throat, just tightly enough for Dean to feel the pressure and whimper, his body going slack in Cas' arms.
Dean was panicking and that made Cas panic in turn. He could see his thoughts shooting around in his head, Dean analysing every one and applying new information to them.
“I felt like I was such an idiot, because I’d stopped thinking of you as this great Celestial Being, and you were just… just Cas, my friend. Except you weren’t meant for keeping me company on road trips and being my drinking buddy. I was a fool to think you’d be happy with that forever. You’re a freaking Angel of the Lord and somehow I’d forgotten what that meant.”
"Hello, Dean."
Cas was making sympathetic noises. "She keeps calling me too. She's suspicious that I've gone on holiday all alone and just keeps asking questions. I've had to put my phone on silent, so she doesn't, uh, scare off the wildlife when I'm exploring."
"Shit, Cas. Stop. Stop." He sat up, reaching for Cas' face, cupping it in his hands and gently guiding Cas back up his body to his mouth. He kissed him, groaning into his mouth at the taste of himself on Cas' tongue. It was sinful and so fucking sexy that he was worried it might push him over the edge.
"Don't," he pleaded, his voice breaking on the word. He couldn't say what he was pleading for - for Dean not to cast aside his confession like it was nothing? For him not to rubbish the most important moment in his life, the most important words he had ever spoken?
And it meant something. It meant so much that Cas' hands were trembling—he felt sick—he felt giddy.
Cas had never hit it off with a random stranger before in his life. When he'd met Dean he had instantly felt a burning attraction and connection, but this low key, uncomplicated,  just liking someone wasn't something that he'd experienced before. Usually to like someone he had to be forced to be around them for a few years first, Sam was his case in point. So when Kate served Cas and spoke to him in a matter-of-fact, friendly tone, like they were already friends, he immediately felt comforted. It was a feeling he desperately needed.
“Don't want to go to bed alone,” he murmured and Dean's heart ached.
Cas had walked down this hallway a thousand times before, but this was the first time he had ever done so with quite this level of trepidation. Two steps away from being inside Dean's bedroom his legs seemed to be disobeying him entirely, and instead of going through the door and into the room, he flattened himself to the wall and closed his eyes. What was he doing? Dean was right, this was insane.
"Friends do this too, right?" Dean’s voice was barely above a whisper.
part of you."
"Water is running, the generator is on. I'm guessing you guys don't need food? But we can bring you some books that might help?"
"Do you ever wish you could go back to that? Is that something that would make you happy?"
anything he wanted, if he’d just do that again.
“I think Sam’s blaming himself,” Cas said softly, prompting Dean.
"Go to the sink and fill your glass with some."
it into dust if it meant not disappointing his father, not having to admit his sexuality, not having to be who fate dictated he was.
"Some other time."
"Couldn't you do this in the bathroom or something," he choked. He could feel the movement of Cas' muscles as he stroked himself literally inches from his arm. He should let go of him. He really, really should let go. "That's what bathrooms are
He cleared his throat. Singing one-on-one felt curiously like tearing his soul from his own body and holding it out for Cas to see.
Sam cracked a joke and Eileen laughed. Dean caught Cas' eye again. Would he come back to sleep in Dean's bed tonight? Dean didn't want Cas sleeping in his old room - it was always more of a guest room anyway. Dean's room was much better - it was marginally warmer for a start. Was a bed even made up for Cas? It was pretty late and Cas would be much better just crashing with Dean.
I've had so many Kudos and lovely reviews since I posted my last chapter, and I just wanted to say that I appreciate every single one more than you could possibly know 💙💚
"I agree - you don't have to label yourself if you don't want to. But your anger towards your brother when he said-"
"Show me."
"Creationday then."
Dean hated this. He hated himself.
"Alright," Cas nodded, pulling up his jeans and fastening his belt with fingers that were starting to turn numb from the cold. He looked at Dean who was grimacing in discomfort at the stickiness of his skin against the cotton of his boxers.
"Cas, we've got some sort of ghost in here and you're worrying about a slightly sore hand!"
"Thank you," Cas said in a grudgingly grateful tone that made Dean want to laugh.
“Jack…" Cas said -
Oh, his Angel knew him so very well.
"I'm leaving most of them here," Sam told him, his tone still pissed off, like he begrudged having to speak to Dean at all. "But Eileen was thinking that if you don't object, we could start directing some hunters here, as a sort of base? It's safe, has masses of resources and it's probably going to be a bit lonely with just you and Cas rattling around in it."
"I really do need to go, Dean. I've promised to meet Kate this afternoon."
"You," he said with a giggle—an actual giggle, "are fucking ridiculous, Cas!"
"Off!" Cas insisted. "Take your imaginary pants off, and then take off your real ones."
What was that supposed to mean? What counted as waiting 'long'? Did Cas need a day? A week? A month?
"Hey!" Dean said more loudly this time. "What classes?"
Dean swallowed a lump that had suddenly come to his throat. “He’s not going anywhere. He doesn’t have a higher purpose anymore, and after all the shit he’s been through, he deserves to just enjoy some peace with the people he loves.” He said it with conviction, not letting the wavering inside him break through to fill his voice.
Obviously in similar need of Dutch courage, Dean had got to his feet, grabbing a bottle of Wild Turkey that was sitting on his bedside table. He half filled two tumblers with the amber liquid, handing one to Cas who was careful to not let their fingers brush.
“Really?” Dean asked, seriously. “If you really want me to, I will.”
Dean rested his head on the steering wheel. It was too late to reach out, to touch Cas, to comfort him.
“We really shouldn't ask him questions when he’s like this,” Dean said, pulling Cas over to the couch and hoping Cas wouldn't do something like start praising his genitals in front of Kate, like he had been doing in the bathroom earlier. “We’ll put something soothing on the TV and have some quiet time, yeah?”
"Sam? Is that you? Did you remember the wine?"
"Cas, please."
"I thought I'd lost you," Dean told him softly. "Then when you came back it was like everything had changed. I didn't think Angels could feel the things you feel. Felt? And now it's all I can think about."
Dean had known he was going to go there sooner rather than later. Sam had been pretty heartbroken over losing Cas and when their plans to get him back hadn’t panned out, it had hit Sam a lot harder than Dean had thought it would. It was the lack of peace that had got to him the most - their other loved ones were in Heaven, reliving their happiest days. They had been so sure Cas was in The Empty, experiencing nothing but torment.
"I might have had millions of years of life, Dean," Cas said, his voice soothing. "But the past few years with you and Sam have been the only years where I've felt like I was truly living."
Cas lifted up his injured hand, revealing a series of numbers that were separated by commas - coordinates, burned into the flesh of his hand, blistered and raw, but perfectly clear and readable.
Dean nodded, and Cas could feel his eyes on him in the half light.
"Any time I feel like it, you said." He wondered if Cas had any idea what he could have potentially committed himself to, if Dean had truly taken him at his word. If Cas could have seen into Dean's head, would he have made such a rash promise?
"Do you mind?" he asked, picking up a piece of crusty bread and starting to butter it liberally.
"People are looking," Cas reminded him again in an undertone.
"I was prepared to follow every single order you gave me. I
Tentatively, almost like they hadn't ever done this before, they tried to maneuver themselves into each other's arms. After a minute or two of seeming like they both had extra sets of arms and legs, Cas growled in annoyance and sat up.
"Thank you, Dean," Cas said serenely. "We've got a deadline, so I'm going to allow you to hold my hand as we walk to the restaurant."
"I'm pretty sure that none of us turned out the way you wanted," Dean said, reaching and turning to lay a palm flat against Cas' chest, half soothing and half restraining. Cas realised he was trying to deflect Chuck's attention from him.
Cas laughed. "I was going to go with, 'means well'."
"I don't need sleep. Shall we go back in? I'm starting to lose all feeling in my face."
Cas eyed the hot yellow substance and shrugged, wrapping his hand around the hot cup. It was his favourite cup to drink out of. Cas had found it in a thrift store, and he'd actually gone ridiculously high pitched when he'd picked it up, much to Dean's bemusement. The cup was nothing special, but on the front of it was a cartoon drawing of a big spiky plant, not entirely dissimilar to the green monstrosity that was sitting by the window in Cas' apartment. The ex-angel was obsessed.
He lay there, his teeth chattering, but not from the cold. If anything the material of his tent had caught and held the heat a little too efficiently. His t-shirt was damp and clinging to his body, and a thin sheen of sweat stood on his skin, although whether from the heat itself or the dream he'd had, Dean couldn't tell.
"This place is ridiculous. Who can figure this shit out?" He stomped over to a cupboard, kicking the bottom of it with his boot in frustration. The door popped open and Dean yelped loudly as a large man with an axe in his hands blinked dazedly at him.
Cas sank back into Dean again and they both shuddered against each other. Slowly, bit by bit Cas picked up the pace, his hands sliding over Dean's back, his hips, his stomach, over Dean's aching cock. Sliding a hand up Dean's back, he gripped the back of his neck to hold him in place as his hips snapped against Dean's again and again.
"I'll hold you to that," Cas said with a small smile.
"Dean, we can't talk about this," Cas interrupted firmly.
“Yeah. Tomorrow.”
"I love the way you taste." Then his mouth was around him again, more confidently this time, taking him deeper and Dean knew he was going to come.
"Right."
"They will if you kiss me!" Cas hissed as Dean swayed even closer to him, eyes fixed on Cas' mouth.
"Right," Sam said, shaking his head. "Well, you two can go for your little drive and have your chat, but I'm going to deal with the guests we invited here to spend the day with us, and make them feel welcome and
"Yes. You too."
"Because you very much don't want anyone to see you as gay, not even Sam, who by the way is rooting for us and has been for years."
Only it was.
"What the fuck are we meant to do with that?" Dean asked, his face scrunched up. He handed it to Sam in disgust. "I need a drink."
"We can't just ignore her. It's rude, and she's our friend!"
Dean spat the toothpaste from his mouth and dropped the toothbrush into the sink with a clatter, alarmed at his brother's tone.
"Dean?"
He was such a grumpy fucker sometimes.
"Did you see that?" Dean whipped his head around.
happen to him again. Whatever it took, things would be different this time because, whether he was ready to admit it to himself or not, Dean couldn't live without Cas again. He just couldn't. He didn't even want to
Dean grinned and shrugged. Okay, so he did, but he hadn't had any complaints.
"Sam was only too happy to help," Cas brought him back to reality. "He says you've been moping."
Cas didn't kiss him in the end, but it was a close run thing. Instead he leaned into Dean's side, his hand surreptitiously sliding around Dean's back, around his waist, squeezing once, before letting go. Dean knocked his shoulder into him and winked, an action that was both ridiculous and at the same time utterly pornographic.
Cas felt the wetness on the thick material of Dean's shirt before he even realised he was crying too. Once he realised, it was like something broke in him. Pretending to be fine day after day, getting up each morning and plastering a fake smile on his face when all he felt all day every day was this dull ache, this yearning for Dean that he could never assuage, no matter how he tried. He could pretend he was fine, but he wasn't. The only time he truly felt any kind of peace was when he was with Dean.
"It wasn't a lie. It was
Dean appeared behind him, face set and unreadable. Cas glanced at him, his heart beating harder at just the proximity of him.
Could he kiss Cas? Would it be okay? They'd just fucked, surely he was allowed to kiss him?
"I'm sorry," Cas said.
“You don’t know me, you don’t know Cas, you don’t know Sam. You created storylines to entertain yourself, but never bothered to look at who we really were underneath it all.”
Dean squeezed his eyes tightly shut, his jaw set, but his bottom lip trembling in a way that made Cas want to slide his thumb over it, kiss it, soothe it with his own mouth. He understood the conflict inside Dean - nothing was ever safe and simple. Everyone betrayed him, even Cas himself in the past. It was so difficult to just let go and trust. Maybe it was too much to expect.
Cas’ anger ebbed away, and in its place was more sadness than Dean thought could exist in one place. It was like he was mirroring Dean's emotions, and magnifying them times a thousand. The air seemed to be weighed down with it and just looking at Cas made him ache with sorrow. His wings seemed to droop, some of their brightness fading.
"Dean, what if this all goes wrong today?"
“What are you doing?” Cas asked, hating how choked and breathless he sounded.
Actually, he should really get back on that, but the motivation was low when he couldn't really apply for the things he wanted to do. He wanted to help people, and to do that he needed hefty background checks, and so far Dean had had little luck getting him any sort of workable paperwork. He missed the days where he could just fly in and heal people—no questions asked. Well, not many questions at least.
Cas laughed. He was a lightweight when it came to alcohol now, and at that moment he was smack bang in the middle of 'merry'.
Dean let out a breathless laugh, which turned into a groan when Cas’ hand found the gap in his boxers and wrapped around his cock.
The silence afterwards wasn't awkward, even though Dean felt like it should be. It was comforting and safe, and he wanted to fall asleep in Cas' arms, but this was as close as he could get.
"Don't tell me. I still can't get that image out of my head."
And there it was, the real reason Cas regularly encouraged him to make friends, to go out. If he was doing that, he couldn't revert back to his old, dangerous hunting ways. Only Cas had no fucking idea how hard it was to resist the hunt now that his dad was back and Cas was half the world away. Cas wouldn't even know if he went on a hunt or two.
“So to clarify: if I want, I can just kiss you? Whenever I like?”
Chuck looked at Dean pityingly and Cas fantasised about punching the smugness off of his arrogant face.
"Well, thank you for trusting me." Cas dropped a kiss on the top of Dean's head, burying his nose in his hair and inhaling deeply.
"Hey, Cas…?"
"Yeah?"
“If we leave now, without buying anything, that scary red-faced lady will hunt us down.”
"I took you to lose your virginity - wouldn't that have been a bit pointless for you? You should have said - what were you going to do after you'd finished trying to fix her daddy issues? Play Connect Four?"
The barely suppressed anger made his words come out harshly, but Dean was too distracted by the noises in the background, sounds Dean thought he recognised.
Ten minutes later, he was padding into the main room to greet Cas with a manly, unemotional, pat on the back. He could totally do this.
"I'm not ending things with you."
https://youtu.be/ShZ978fBl6Y
"You know why that won't work."
Cas turned away from where Kate was now watching them like she was at a tennis match, her head swivelling back and forth. He advanced on Dean, expecting him to back away or protest, but he just watched Cas coming with eyes that burned into him.
The hand that had been holding Cas' wrist in a death-grip softened and gentled until Dean was cradling Cas' hand almost tenderly instead. He drew it to his chest, forcing Cas to step closer, and he pressed Cas’ sore hand against his chest with a tenderness that there had been no sign of at all moments ago.
Out of the corner of his eye, Cas could see Jodie and Alex helping Bess to unstrap the twins from their chairs, gathering up Gertie and moving towards the door.
He reached out to soothingly rub Cas' back to show him it was fine. It was normal. It wasn't a big deal.
"If I could still time-travel, I would go back in time to when he was alive and I'd break
I promise there will be a happily ever after xx
Sam was scouring the room. He'd tried both doors, each one reinforced and bolted with strong, thick combination padlocks. A horrible and disturbing thought occurred to Cas, but as he watched Dean move restlessly up and down in the small space, he wondered whether it would actually be helpful of him to bring it to their attention right now, when they couldn't do anything about it.
"You'd better be ordering something!" she scowled, turning on her heel.
“I know,” he soothed. “I know.”
Cas smiled. "Children are hard work, but they can do so much to heal the souls around them. I think Sam and Dean need to be part of a normal happy childhood, even if they had no happiness in their own."
"Yeah, I don't think you'd have gone for that method of communication," Dean muttered cryptically, which Cas was fairly sure wasn't going to help.
"Do you really think that?" Cas asked sadly. "Even after everything we talked about?"
"I'd kill Ruby. I've never liked her for what she did to Sam."
Patience nodded shortly. "I wouldn't stay, Claire. It’s not going to be pretty."
"I'm sorry,” Cas sighed. “She-"
he was kissing,
"Sorry, man. Did I call before you were ready?"
Four weeks in he had applied for every job he could find, but the only offer he’d received was a part time job at an undertaker, which he wasn’t sure he should have applied for in the first place - he had been around enough death to last him several lifetimes. But Cas had discovered that the skills that had made him an excellent soldier and leader in Heaven weren’t entirely transferable to jobs on Earth, which meant that his options were limited.
