“Deadpool, I didn’t think it was possible, but you just got a higher ranking on my shit list,” Fury growled.
“I think I aged well,” Tony continued, leaning into Steve’s side. “Sure, you got the All-American Man going on but I have a suave, sophisticated Cary Grant thing going on.”
Up next was the medical examiner who testified to the validity of the DNA match between the samples Steve provided and the semen found on Tyler’s clothes. Steve did not looked at the examiner as he testified but at the judge and looked for any sign that he believed it. However, the judge’s expression remained schooled since the beginning of the hearing and, even with this critical bit of evidence, he continued to reveal none of his thoughts on the matter.
Tony could feel his resolve crumbling. Steve never spoke to him like this before…He never begged, dragging out “
“I don’t know,” Steve whispered. He returned to the living room and was surprised to see Tony gone. He looked outside and saw him floating several feet away from the Tower’s perimeter.
Bucky lifted his hand and experimentally flexed it. He growled, “For a pompous ass, you did an okay job.” He frowned at Tony then held his metal hand out to him. He stated, “Thank you.”
Love was not a strong enough word to compare to what he felt toward Steve. He was his everything…his other half, and Tony couldn’t be happier.
Tony spoke first and was going to mention some fond memories he had of his late husband. He envisioned sharing them and maybe crying a little but, mostly, he hoped to be able to share with their friends what Steve meant to him…He started off with how they first met and how he thought Steve to be a stuck-up jerk which drew a few chuckles from the gathered company and a small smile to Tony’s lips. He moved on and talked about befriending and eventually falling in love with the super soldier.
Peter always liked running into Wade Wilson on the field. The man was crazy but fun to fight with. Everyone, even his dad, were pretty serious during a fight but Peter could always rely on Wade to crack a joke or over exaggerate with the bad guys. He didn’t know Peter was Spider-Man but Peter instantly recognized the easy chisel to Wade’s voice. His dad had also told him Wade was badly scared all over his body…he hadn’t realized it was so bad…
“Of course, son,” Steve whispered, his voice also wracked with emotion, and kissed the top of his head.
“How does he look, Jarvis? Does he look upset or happy?” Tony interrupted him, he had no patience for whatever formalities or manners Jarvis was trying to convey.
Steve laughed and leaned into Tony’s embrace, pressing his hips into Tony’s chest. Tony wrapped his arms around Steve's hips and Steve teasingly asked, “What do you want to do on such a momentous occasion as our 5 year, 3-month anniversary?”
“Okay, I was a colossal jerk,” Tony stated in defeat. In a serious tone, he reminded him, “I am still so very sorry…”
will be the one to clean up this mess.” Fury lifted his hand and twitched it in a way that made everyone lower their weapons and disappear to wherever they crawled out of. Pointing to Tony, Fury grumbled, “I’ll be the one giving
According to the text on the bottom of the screen, Tony had made this announcement not long after he got off the phone with Steve the night prior. Coulson had called them after breakfast and asked if Steve could rein in Tony a little. When he did not know what he was talking about, he told them to turn the news.
“Healing – right where you left me,” Pops murmured gently. He rubbed Peter’s back and kissed the top of his head. “In the morning, it’s going to be all over the news how someone dug up my grave and my body is gone…Oh God, I just realized…How are we going to announce this?” Pops look to Dad in question and the older man grinned.
“…Sorry,” Tony whispered, dropping his head. He just couldn’t stop thinking about the portal. He half felt like he was still there.
Natasha turned to Bucky with a smirk and replied, “I found it last Monday. You’re getting sloppy, boss.”
“Forget about every single thing they said. None of it was true. They only said those things to get a rise out of you!”
Tony did not need any other validation and surged up, capturing Steve’s lips with his. Steve responded to his kiss with a loud moan and pulled Tony deeper into his embrace.
He had hoped nothing credible would pop up. Instead, millions of search results came up, along with just as many photos. The first thing he saw were five photos at the top of the page, with the option to view more, the first and largest of them were a picture of his father and a younger Tony Stark standing together in tuxes.
Connected to Steve in this way, Tony forgot why they were doing it. He did not even think of the possibility that someone might be watching and taking pictures. All that mattered was meeting Steve’s passion with his own.
This is more of a prologue as I wanted to explore how Tony would handle trying to sleep now that he’d have to face the darkness whenever Steve woke and, of course, I did not go easy on the guy :)
It was still the stealth unit but the armor had more weapon inserts, making it look more bulky. The eye slots had a more pointed look and its head was larger. The most glaringly obvious change to Tony though was the moniker on the suit’s chest.
Steve glanced at Bucky and saw his friend watching the both of them with interest. He looked down, his face was beet red at this point. Steve whispered, “It was nothing really, you looked up at me…but your eyelashes were in the way of your eyes and I thought…I thought your eyelashes were nice. They were so thick and I had not noticed until that point. I thought it handsome and then I realized that
Peter jumped off the wall and locked the door as soon as the men closed the door. His heart was racing in his chest and he felt like he had run several miles. He had been absolutely shocked that the superheroes had come to his house, then he had been devastated when he inadvertently revealed his identity, and then pissed when they insistently told him Tony Stark was his father.
He lay back down and laid his head on Steve’s chest. He grasped one of Steve’s hands and closed his eyes. It physically felt so nice but it was all wrong. The overwhelming desire to cry and admit defeat was there and was ever present as he held onto his comatose boyfriend.
Steve nodded. Follow simple commands? Yes, he could wholeheartedly agree to that. It was simple and wouldn’t jeopardize the fragile sanity he was barely clinging to.
“What do I do? And how are we going to do this? Which one of us is going to be the girl?” Steve asked in confusion.
Steve glanced down at Tony and then back to Pepper and said, “We haven't really discussed adoption…But I love Peter. He's an amazing kid. I'd be happy to adopt him as long as Tony and Peter are fine with that.”
Natasha came up behind him and grasped his arm more gently. She whispered, “Please, Tony…Steve wouldn’t want this…”
He embraced Wade tightly as tears pricked at his eyes and Wade returned the embrace with a soft, reassuring murmur. Peter looked over to Natasha. She was still unconscious and hung limply in Bucky’s arms. Bucky looked like he’d been about to move her but must have stopped when Peter attacked Wade.
He strapped the gun over his shoulder and then pulled out some extra ammunition and clipped it to his belt. Once it was secure, he nodded to her.
Tony did not feel the impact. He was in his growing tower, adding the finishing touches to his lab. Several floors below him, he could hear a construction crew doing the same to one of the less important floors (Human Resources).
He thought New York City had bad traffic but…at one point he slowed to a walk and he was going faster than the freeway traffic.
Out of the two of them, Tony was the first to venture outside. He claimed to not be afraid and said he had several very important meetings he needed to go to. More importantly, he needed to show his face to show people he was still alive. Rumors were starting to spread that the usually charismatic billionaire had developed a deadly disease.
She never pushed him for intimacy. She knew he was still adjusting to his memories and to their relationship.
“Not later, now,” she retorted, crossing her arms over her chest. She stated, “We talk this farce out and give Steve some space to calm down. It’s a win-win situation.”
Steve put the soap back in the caddy then turned back around and grabbed Tony’s arm. He pulled it up and he roughly scrubbed his arm, leaving behind suds on his skin.
Bucky handed it over and Tony gingerly stepped away. Pepper had been in the kitchen and she stared at Tony with wide eyes as he walked past her to throw out the vase.
They broke apart to breathe and Peter gasped, “I’m sorry, you were right, I was wrong. I talked to my father and we’re good. Then I tested my new suit and knew I had to see you and…” Peter thrust his hips into Wade’s and continued, “Feel you.”
Leaning in to each other’s sides, Steve and Tony watched the polar bear as it swam and listened to Peter’s delighted giggles. They both verbally dropped the subject, he did not know about Tony, but Steve’s thoughts remained with Peter’s distantly related family.
He followed Natasha back to regroup with the others. The Avengers were mobilizing for a fight but paused when they appeared. Most of their eyes fell on him.
Steve flinched as if Tony slapped him and then his faced hardened and Tony could not read what he was thinking.
Natasha chuckled but her face became more serious when his gaze focused on her. She grasped his right hand and slowly drew it down her body. He watched his limb’s progress with a dry mouth. She settled his hand on her breast and let out a breathless gasp as he cupped it.
“No,” Coulson replied. “Finish your mission for Fury. Don’t worry about us, I’ve got my second best man in New York already. He’s searching Brooklyn as we speak.”
His soulmate did not reply which was not surprising as the Red Skull had shot him in the back of the neck.
Dr. Pavlov informed him that he had stumbled upon a Russian science expedition. They were studying the layers in the snow, digging down deep to layers that had not been exposed for centuries. The team was comprised of both men and women, all of whom were scientists on a 6-month mission.
“Coulson also wants a confirmation and also wants to know how you kept this quiet from the largest spy agency on the planet,” Pepper added, dryly.
Tony turned his head to look at Steve and sniggered when he saw the happy smile on his face. He murmured, “Aw, I gotta get a picture of that.” He dug around the sheets as he searched for his phone and Steve discretely covered his waist.
Steve groaned and buried his face into his hands. He sat alone in an empty room with bare walls and no windows with the exception of the tiny one in the locked door. The air was stale and there was an odd stain on one of the cement benches across from him.
The fact that it could happen again sickened him and the remains of his sandwich sat heavily in his gullet.
When Steve finally did come, he literally stopped breathing and his entire body became tightly tensed to keep from crying out. Tony swallowed the best he could but as he pulled back he still had to cough to help clear his throat. Steve heaved in deeply for his next few breaths and clutched the sleeping bag tightly in his attempt to keep quiet.
The Cover is done but my stony stories are far from done! But where to start next? I have many ideas for our boys... top three are a soul mate au (they are given timers at birth and Steve grows up thinking he will die before meeting his mate and when he finally meets Tony... angst and feels ensue), a sequel to
“You are doing this because you wish to establish a stable relationship with Master Rogers,” Jarvis reminded him.
,” Steve cried, seeing the wound for the first time. It was ghastly and was something he had only seen in the battlefield.
Tony paused in kissing him and looked him dead in the eyed and seriously stated, “I love you, Steve Rogers.”
Tony started college and Francesca was finishing up her last years of high school. They were the same age but Tony was on an accelerated course. He didn’t think it’d get in the way of their relationship.
Jarvis most likely left him a plate in the refrigerator and Howard’s mouth was already watering for whatever it was.
“But we’re going to have to bow out. I can honestly say it was the shortest affair I have ever had,” Tony said, not liking it at all. He didn’t want to and he didn’t want to deny Steve as well.
“…Maybe in a year or two he'll be open to it,” Pepper shrugged. “Either way, right now, Peter is our number one priority, not the press, not our shareholders.
Tony, the only person in the room having known Mary Parker in real life, gasped, “Holy crap, that’s her.”
let him leave that floor,” Tony commanded, already sprinting to the elevator. He continued, more to himself than Jarvis, “I swear to God, I am not losing another person I love to that monster…
Steve laughed, his smile huge and his cheeks rosy. Tony’s body thrummed with pleasure from seeing Steve so and, when Tony realized what he was feeling, he chugged half the beer bottle in response.
“Jarvis, lockdown the lab and do not disturb us unless the world is going to end!” Tony gasped, his lips were only free because Steve stepped back to pull his shirt off over his head. Tony also took the moment to tear off his own shirt. His lithe muscles on his chest were outlined by the light blue glow of the arc reactor in the middle of his chest. Steve bent down and placed a kiss into the middle of that warm glow.
Steve stared at the extended hand then reached out to Bucky. Bucky moved before he could touch him, shooting forward and wrapping his arms around Steve. Steve’s legs shot out to either side of the bike to keep it from falling over beneath him.
Tony wrapped his arms behind Steve’s neck, bringing their faces centimeters apart. He rubbed his nose against Steve’s causing Steve lips to part in a smile. Into his mouth, Tony whispered, “This is another reminder…”
“…Why didn’t you continue the ruse?” Steve had to ask. “We all believed you to be a machine. You could have shadowed us as ‘Sneaky’ and asked the same of me as a robot. Why put your trust in me like this?”
His screens flickered on and Jarvis stated, “Sir, you are grievously unwell. You require immediate hospitalization.”
With a quickly paling face, Steve placed his hand over Tony’s and whispered, “He shot you in the reactor?” His eyes got bigger and Steve gasped, “Oh my God, this-this is new! He destroyed the reactor?”
“I don’t care how old you are and ever since I woke I have considered you my best friend,” Steve started. He paused as he gathered his thoughts and slowly stated, “Tony…I love you.” He sighed, hating having to declare his love to him for the first time over the phone. Tony was silent so Steve continued, “I know it seems like I should cut my losses and just go to Bucky but I am not going to because you are worth it, Tony. You are not something to throw away just cause you’re older or did not grow up with me…You’re special. I love you…I—I love how big your heart is, I love your passion for your work and your friends, I love how the room lights up when you smile…Because of you, I know what love really feels like. What I feel towards Bucky does not compare what I have with you.” Steve inadvertently reached out his hand to touch Tony, who was hundreds of miles away. His fingers curled shut in the empty air and he whispered, “I miss you, Tony. Peter misses you. I miss us. Please, come home.”
The sight alone was enough to turn Steve’s blood cold but feeling the blood made his heart freeze over and spurned Steve to jog over to the doctors.
Peter had to watch the video five times before he finally was able to absorb the full context within.
Tony lay back onto the bed with a frustrated huff and stared calculating at the ceiling. Steve crossed his arms over Tony’s chest and rested his chin on top of the crossed appendages. He suggested, “We can jerk each other off again or give each other blow jobs?”
He not only gained Iron Man but also gained a new outlook on life. He couldn’t say he stopped hating his soulmate. The person had a lot to answer for, for never using his program. But he started to wonder again and hopefully imagine a happiness they could share.
Tony rolled his shoulders as he fit into his new armor. He’d just finished constructing the Mark 50 yesterday and it was going to be her first official flight. The armor shined nicely from its recent polish and all the systems checks he had running were coming up golden.
Hi!! Sorry for the long hiatus! I was given a lot of OT at work so since I last posted I literally have been going to work and then going to sleep! Work and sleep, work and sleep, it's been a nightmare -_-
“The recess will last another ten minutes,” Marcel continued. “You two don’t have to go in just yet.”
It was a simple design with three horizontal stripes: with white on top, blue in the middle, and red on the bottom. For all he knew, they could be the enemy. It was close to Netherland’s flag but the colors were switched around. Did that symbolize something?
“Peter is stronger than he looks,” Vision stated, floating forward. The android waved his hand and the connection to Brock was muted, to Tony he said, “Your son is not an average human. He can handle levels which most humans would not be able to survive.”
Coulson’s face remained stoic in front of his men but inside he was screaming with excitement. He wanted to keep watching the footage but he turned it back to his men and said, “Take this to our behaviorists. I want them to get me everything they can from this…and e-mail me a copy.”
“The kid’s a squirt in my mind and will remain a squirt until the day I die,” Bucky countered. Tony nodded, agreeing with the Winter Soldier for once.
Tony stared starkly at it then anger surged within him at the injustice and he punched the metal lid with all of his strength. He hissed, “You
Steve bunched his brows together in confusion as he tried to wrap together Tony’s medical need with fireworks and Peter in a suit. It made no sense. He gasped, “Wha—?”
“Can…Can you feed Peter?” Steve asked, thinking only of his son's condition. Peter had not eaten his lunch or afternoon snacks. He got to his feet, separating himself from the couch and the memories it contained. He stepped up to Ben and held the toddler out to the older man. Peter frowned, he was split from wanting to stay in his mutually upset father’s arms to escaping into the calmer hold of his uncle’s.
Peggy was silent in reply and, with a thudding heart, Steve pushed down on the controls, pointing the plane downward. The plane started to shudder from the speed and Steve’s fingers began to shake too.
Steve put the newspaper on the bedside table and then snuggled into Tony’s side. Tony automatically wrapped his arms around him. Steve’s eyes were drawn to the scar on Tony’s stomach and he lightly traced the white line.
He stopped and the little guy went back to playing with his cars. Steve leaned on his hand and murmured, “One day I’ll get it out of you.”
“You’re welcome, Cap,” Tony retorted snarkly which, in turn, increased Steve’s aggravation with the man. Why’d he have to be so-so…
Tony filled out his body no longer gangly but muscled and defined. Steve would watch him as he worked and his muscles moved beneath his tan skin. Sometimes he felt Tony knew Steve was watching him. He’d wear loose, sleeveless shirts or nothing on his top half at all.
.” The Red Skull paused as Steve eyes narrowed furthered. Still smirking, he continued, “I am going to break you until you are less than human and then put you back together again. I will destroy you and in your place will stand my new soldier of Hydra…I couldn’t think of a better way to get back at Erskine, do you?”
“…What happened? Something with Tony? Is there anything I can do?” Sam gasped, stepping closer to Steve.
When she did, she jolted to a stop when her eyes fell on him. She dropped her bag with a sigh and crossed the room. She stood in front of him and demanded, “How did you deflect from the Americans? Does the Academy know? Do the Americans know of you?”
Bruce gently moved Peter’s arm so he could view Peter’s forearm under the microscope. Bruce commented, “It looks like it is all over his body…” He moved Peter’s hand back under the scope and commented, “But it looks most prevalent on his hands…I can’t believe I never noticed this earlier. This did not happen overnight. Peter, how long have you been able to, uh, make your hands ‘sticky?’”
He was experiencing a lot of firsts with Tony and this was one of them: simply sleeping together and waking up in each other's arms.
They stayed like that for a long time. Long enough that Steve's nurses came looking for them and berated them both for keeping Steve out so long.
Jarvis opened the door for him, so he landed in the living room, scratching the floor a bit with the rougher landing. Pepper would be thrilled but Tony didn’t even notice as he leapt from his suit and called out, “Steve!?”
“I can commandeer two of Boss’s old suits out of the display cases in the foyer and help out,” the AI offered. “I’ve also contacted SHIELD and the X-Men, but both will take at least a half an hour to reach our location.”
Tony shot higher into the air and out of the explosion’s burn radius. A volley of bullets followed and many of the people beneath him fell.
Heimdall’s gaze returned to the eons and he commented, “You have gained sight as well as wisdom since your trials on Midgard.”
“Directive?” Natasha scoffed. Did he mean their training arrangement? Was he really unaffected by the fact his soulmate just tried to kill him?
Tony spared Steve a short, sad smile, but looked back to the team and assured them in a lie, “I am fine.”
The Iron Man suit shuddered and for the briefest of seconds, a new insignia almost appeared, but the surface area quickly returned to its blank state
Or maybe an evil twin? The man tried to rob a bank using Steve’s visage. The Avengers usually did not handle bank robberies but when they heard it was Captain America robbing the bank they had to check it out.
Steve gently squeezed Tony’s hand and, after looking to both of them, he whispered, “I love both of you so much.”
“Hey, what’s this?” Howard pulled back and grasped Tony’s left hand. Howard grinned as soon as he saw Tony’s wedding ring and murmured, “I thought that was what I felt. Congratulations, son.”
“Good,” Tony replied. He turned back to Steve and pressed his forehead against Steve’s. He stated, “It is very good. It means when we ride off into the sunset, you’ll be able to appreciate how cheesy I am being.”
The man practically carried him upstairs and he barely had a chance to surface from their kiss for a breath before they were falling into bed. Clothes went flying, shoes were clumsily kicked off, and their mouths were becoming puffy from how forcefully they kept pressing them together.
He rubbed their hips together and both of them hissed from the contact. Pleasure was practically vibrating throughout Tony’s body. They needed to be having sex yesterday. He couldn’t wait anymore.
At the end of the chapter the gang will be watching a video feed with subtitles instead of "quotation marks" I used [brackets] as the foreign language was being spoken! Now you know!
Tony glanced at his flaming red 1932 Ford Flathead Roadster with a grin and said, “Tell you what, throw a little hot-rod red in there.”
It was rare to be born with because it meant one did not have a soulmate. Usually, most got zeroed out soul implants when their soulmates died. His Ma was one of those few people.
“We also don’t want the paparazzi to pry at our relationship. It’s private,” Steve finally spoke up and Tony sighed in relief. If he was the only one talking it would have caused some doubt. Steve even reached out and squeezed his hand affectionately. Tony smiled at Steve and, from the corner of his eye, he saw some disbelievers waver.
Steve gulped back the emotions that welled up. He could not deny his attraction for Tony, it had only grown since Tony helped them out and showed such an interest in Peter. Yet Steve pushed back the new emotions as he had with Bucky. Eventually, he would be able to totally smother them with Tony too.
Tony stepped out of his armor and ordered, “J, fly the suit around the mayor like last year. There is no way I’m leaving the Tower for the next week!”
Tony smiled happily at Steve and Steve smiled back. They both leaned forward and shared a needed kiss, pouring all their joy and love into it.
“Anyhow, I thought I just revealed my deep dark secret and had freaked Steve out. He had just told the Avengers he was gay and I assumed that he assumed that I was just looking for another hook up. We were best friends and I thought I had not only destroyed any chances of a romantic relationship with him but our friendship as well…”
The priest nodded and whispered, “You’re welcome, my son. Now go! Before Hydra sneaks up on us again!”
“Was it you? Were you the one who experimented on my son? Are you the one that hurt Peter??” Tony inhaled sharply and made no move to have Steve put Norman down.
Tony touched his shoulder, squeezing it slightly, and then stepped into his suit. Peter watched the metal encase his father and then Iron Man’s eyes lit up, indicating he was ready to go.
Fury smirked and it was the first time Steve had actually seen him smile. The SHIELD director shook his head and murmured, “You two don’t change…alright, let’s pack this up, shall we?”
Later that night, Peter was just getting out of the shower when his phone began to ring. By the ringtone, he knew it was a video message and Peter grinned when he answered it and saw his dad and Steve come onto the screen. Peter adjusted his towel and sat down on his bed.
“She helped me bring down the helicarriers,” Steve explained, nervously looking between the barrel of Natasha’s gun and Bucky’s gun. One speculative twitch from either of them might cause the other to fire.
Steve had a tiny room that reminded him of his old apartment in Brooklyn. The walls were bare, his bed was too small for him, and by standing in the small space he took up nearly all the available space. The American team in the Arctic shared some clothes with him and he hadn’t touched the orange jumpsuit since boarding the ship. He kept it wrapped around his shield and uniform and no one had yet to notice it.
“No…Not that I know of,” Steve replied with a small smile. Steve looked to Tony expectantly and Tony sighed heavily.
Wolverine took another drag from his cigar and then replied with a breath of smoke, “I was bored and felt like fighting something. The Professor does not approve of me getting too vicious with the students, especially on a school day, but Wade’s usually good to go,” Logan said, nodding to Wade.
Venom stepped in front of Steve and shrieked defiantly at him. Steve tried to dodge him but the symbiote moved with him and pushed Steve back. Steve avoided Venom’s initial attack, not because he was focused on the fight, but because he was trying to keep his eyes focused on his husband. But Venom landed a blow and Steve went flying across the room.
, we’re going to replace the reactor so Stark doesn’t die but first we need to collect the pieces and fix it.”
Silence fell between them and Steve studied Tony, who still refused to meet his gaze. Tony…Tony didn’t think he was still alive…did he?
“Norman, killing Stark would do more than solve your problems,” Fury cautioned. “He’s done a lot for the world. Remember the fall of Hydra? The Chitauri? Ultron? Thanos? None of those victories could have been accomplished without him. Think of the fate of the Earth or, at least, think of your own son. What if he doesn’t survive? In any of those instances, he could have died if it were not for Stark and the Avengers.”
Tony turned around and Steve was looking down at him with an indistinguishable expression. Steve’s mouth was a thin line as he clenched his jaw and his eyes were glassy. Steve had
Tony didn’t make friends. He made business partners, friendly acquaintances, and best friends…and Tony was rare to make best friends because not many people could get on his wavelength like Pepper or Rodney did.
Steve broke the kiss and drew Tony’s hand over his opposite shoulder and thereby drawing Tony closer to him. Tony stretched out over Steve and slowly hooked his leg around his hip. Leaving Tony straddling Steve and staring questioningly at him.
His father was silent throughout the exchange and it got to a point where Peter forgot he was there. In the cocoon of their flesh, it was just Peter and Wade.
Ben took a photo out of his pocket and handed it to Mary. Mary hesitantly grasped it then looked at it blankly. Ben had showed the photo to Steve before they parted, he wanted to give it to Mary. It was from Peter’s last birthday. Steve was holding Peter in his arms, resting him on his left hip. Both of them were beaming at the camera and Peter had been laughing.
Tony saw him running ahead of him on the road and put his hand back on the gear shaft. As soon as he caught up, he quickly turned his wheel, went down several gears, and slammed on his breaks as he came to a stop right in front of the intruder. The man skidded to a stop and met Tony’s gaze with large eyes through the passenger window. Tony lowered the window and haughtily said, “I wasn’t done talking.”
It was dark, Jarvis had turned off the TV when both of them fell asleep. Tony sleepily glanced around but he couldn’t guess as to why he woke. The light from his arc reactor gave off enough light to illuminate the room dimly but nothing seemed remiss.
Natasha showed no pain and kicked both legs into Bucky’s chest before she could fall to the ground, shooting herself away from him and making him stumble back. Bucky caught himself and charged forward. He swung his fist at her head again and this time she did not dodge but threw up her arm to block him then threw her other fist out to punch him. Bucky caught her hand and, for a moment, they both strained under each other’s strength.
The city was in shambles and all thoughts of sex left him as he considered what he had to do to help his home. Jarvis located several citizens stuck in a number of high rises and he went to work to helping them out. He then moved on to moving rumble and the rest of the day became a blur.
“Pete, why don’t you let your Uncle Bucky show you how it is done,” Bucky suggested. Even if they had not been expecting it, they would have paused to stare so they did just that. Peter also paused and looked at Bucky in shock. Natasha frowned and looked like she was about to rebuff him so Bucky quickly stated, “Think of it as a chance to freely punch me without Steve jumping in to stop it.”
Peter frowned but his cheeks were red with shame from their chastising and he stiffly slipped off Steve’s lap then went to the elevator. Steve watched his every move as if he expected him to try to bolt again. He only looked away once Peter stepped into the elevator and disappeared from view.
“No,” Steve chuckled. “No, it isn’t because you ended our affair because you thought my straight friend,
Bucky and Steve were of equal mind wanting to find Zola faster. They pushed for the mission to be bumped up and for the information collaborated immediately.
Peter hummed agreeably and his breath hitched a bit when Wade lightly bit down on the tenderest part of his neck.
Peter nodded to one of the larger lockers and said, “Pops, this is yours. Please, put on the black tactical gear. It’s the strongest armor you have and I need you to make it through this in one piece.”
Her chest had seized as she watched James draw away from her both physically and emotionally. She saw it in his eyes as he tried to cut her out. She shot forward on her knees and grasped his arm.
“I’m so glad you could come!” Steve gasped. Bucky liked to spend most of his time by himself in the gym or in the library. He had yet to regain all of his memories, though he liked to reminisce with Steve or he went to him when he had a question about something he did not understand. He usually liked to avoid gatherings of three or more and only rarely joined the Avengers for their movie night.
His comatose state came to an abrupt halt when the last of the oxygen was used up and his body had to wake him before he was ready or risk dying again.
Her soulmate attacked first this time and threw his blade at her heart. Natasha flinched back to dodge and her mate used the distraction to leap in and knock her off her feet. They fell to the ground together, with him on top of her. He pulled another knife out of his belt and brought it down to stab her in the throat. Using all of her strength, she pulled enough to the side that her mate’s blade skewered the cold ground only inches from her flesh.
His worried voice drew her eyes. She looked from James’ blank face, to Bruce’s pinched face, and then to Tony, whose hands were working quickly on the monitors in front of him and they looked nothing like blueprints. She intoned disapprovingly, “
“We just want to make sure she’s ready to see you,” Pops murmured, running his hand over Peter’s head.
The outer defenses no longer held and the fight was being dragged inside. In his ear, Jarvis relayed the alarming numbers of breaches in a constant flow.
“Unless Uncle Bucky is cheating at cards,” Tony whispered loudly to Peter. “Then you have free range to knock him out.”
His eyes were spanning the area as he asked and he spotted the familiar red hair of one Pepper Potts. Whatever the bystanders may have said to him went unnoticed as he ran to Pep. She stood at the end of the crowded hallway waiting for the elevator.
“Most I think,” Bucky murmured and slowly sat up. “I doubt Peter will try it again for a long time after that scolding.”
“Indeed,” Thor stated. “Word has spread that a gamma-radiated boy was born to the Avengers. Everyone’s logical conclusion was that he was the offspring of the mighty Banner. As soon as I saw the boy, I knew him to belong to our leader…And I apologize, Captain. I did not think Loki would do something as dastardly as to take your child from your own arms... He was just... excited. You are mortal but your strength rivals our own. He must have wanted to see what the fruit of your lions could produce. With a closer inspection...”
Venom’s body liquefied and Steve felt like he was going to throw up. Did Peter just liquefy too? Or…He could not fathom the thought that his son was already gone. They just joined, they still had to have time to separate them! Venom poured down the side of the car and into the drain bellow.
“The hospital has had an intercom system for the last thirty years and Jarvis easily hacked it. Venom –
In seconds, Venom encased Peter's entire body in the new Spidey suit and shot out tendrils to wrap around Natasha’s leg and stop her from touching Peter.
Peter jumped to his feet and gasped, “Yes! Eddie and I have been given a private lab and are you to do more advanced tests tomorrow but its working! The shield is protecting us from things that could cause us harm! It’s stable!
,” Tony whispered more to himself than Steve. He grasped Steve’s thigh tightly and Steve put his hand over Tony’s.
“No,” Bucky grunted as he jumped the fence. Steve quickly followed with a fluid jump and Bucky continued, “I’ve been holding up around the Tower, keeping an eye on you.”
“We did not kill Stark, Captain. He’s more valuable to us alive than dead, no matter how annoying he gets,” Coulson assured him.
And, because Steve was such a boy scout, he handed their remaining tickets to the kid behind them in line. The boy’s eyes grew large and he stuttered out an excited thank you as his tickets tripled in amount.
“My body’s excited to be touching you too,” Steve gasped and he gripped Tony’s hips tightly as if to keep him there. Tony pushed down on Steve and his friend bit down on his lip to keep from groaning.
The other woman walked toward them with the cylinder and goosebumps rose on all of Peter’s exposed skin. His eyes focused on the cylinder and it clicked in his head.
Around the world, very few felt the jolt or noticed its effects. Most felt a shiver down their spine as the shockwave of energy passed through them, some trees lost a leaf or two sooner than they would have, and a couple of newborns woke to the bereft of their parents.
Wade kissed Peter over his heart, wordlessly thanking it for giving this man life and making all of this so very real.
“…He…He feels the same, Buck,” Steve stated. “We were pretty frank with each other last night and I thought it was over but he approached me this morning wanting…more…”
Peter had pinned the man to the wall as he let the mugger’s victim escape. Peter’s stomach suddenly clenched and his claws jerked into the man’s flesh. The mugger cried out and Peter felt his mouth open and expand. He almost let Venom swallow the man until he remembered at the last minute that he was in control.
Howard’s hands tightened into fists and he promised himself he wouldn’t let this be it. His son would survive and
But when he felt the searing pain in his neck, he immediately knew they found him and he was in trouble.
Steve helped Tony up and took off his bomber to make a makeshift pillow for him to lean against in addition to Steve’s body. Steve seemed to unconsciously rub at Tony’s arms which Tony took comfort in. The super soldier asked Gabe, “Have you seen anything like this?”
Tony did not reply. He did lean back into the couch and grabbed one of the pillows to clutch to his chest.
“We’ve found the Red Skull,” Peggy stated solemnly. “The Colonel says we need to go now or we’ll lose him…our people report…” She took a sharp breath, getting ahold of her emotions, and then whispered, “They report Schmidt has a plane and plans to take off soon.”
“You’re thinking about eating again while we’re eating?” Steve teased, pushing his unfounded fears about Bucky out of his mind. He was getting Natasha flowers. It was a simple process. He would be fine.
He leaned heavily against the counter and whispered to Steve, “I think I’m going to bulk up the Mini-Mark 15’s armor and give him real repulsors so none of the Mini Avengers can beat him!”
Steve knew he was drawing stares, not just for unorthodox parking but also because of who he and Bucky unquestionably were.
“No, Capsicle, you don’t have to deny it,” Tony said, shaking his head. “I would not ask that of you…”
Tony smirked at his husband and then turned back to his screens, closing the majority of them with a single swipe. As he opened new ones, he stated, “If you really are just curious about the bio-shield, I’d ask Peter about it himself. He created it after all.”
He smiled sadly and cocked his gun, pressing the barrel to her forehead. He whispered, “I love you too, Nat.”
Steve smiled though it appeared strained and he grasped Tony’s hands. He assured him, “Everything is fine! I was just wondering about Peter’s bio-shield? I don’t know much about it and I was wondering if he told you anything?”
Tony toed off his shoes over the edge of the bed as Steve undid his pants and let them fall to the floor. He was about to join Tony in the bed when the other murmured, “Help me out of my pants? I don’t want to stand up, this bed is
“D-Do me,” he whispered, his blush grew so large that it stretched from his cheeks and down his neck.
She shakily raised her hand and pointed to a cabinet. She stated, “In there was my master’s repair kit. Give it to me and maybe I can fix myself.”
“Shit…” Tony cursed. Of all the luck. Steve did not get it easy. He clasped Steve’s shoulder and said, “I’m sorry, man…If there’s anything I can do for you, please, let me know.”
“You mean Steve, Tony Stark’s sexy sex toy, Rogers, right?” Tony quipped and Steve turned around to give Tony a stern look but the burn in his glare was weakened by his blush. Tony nearly groaned at the sight. His boyfriend's blush was such a turn on.
“Projections may be off due to my limited information on Vision’s throwing capacity and how its inertia would be affected in the vacuum of space,” Friday stated.
Nothing opened in front of him and Jarvis gravely suggested, “You may want to sit down with Miss Potts…”
“Steve’s been busy and it’s depressing being upstairs all alone,” Tony replied with a shrug. The apartment felt too empty without his friend’s presence. Pepper visibly looked upset by his statement and Tony retorted, “Hey! Don’t look like that! I’m getting stuff done!”
Steve didn’t know how long the wall remained up. He knew Tony’s birthday passed at least…it’d been the first time he had not celebrated Tony’s birthday with him…
He heard someone inhale sharply but he didn’t look to see who as he was all eyes for Natasha. He'd have to review Friday's video later to see their reactions.
Those eyes he was talking about flashed with a sudden surge of lust and Tony bit playfully into his flesh.
James slammed open the door and she dove in low while he aimed high and started to shoot. Three technicians went down immediately. A fourth ducked down but Natasha pounced on him and hit him across the skull, knocking him out for a good couple of hours.
Before that moment, his soulmate’s dreamscape was only colors, random objects (mostly toys), random noises, or flashes of images that had to be memories (a warmly smiling woman, a large male figure tucking him in).
Weary, after fighting against the Chitauri, Steve held onto Tony as he flew them back to the Penthouse. It was the only way to get to it as all of the elevators were down and they were not going to climb up all those stories in the shape they were in.
Tony pinched his chin and stepped out of the moment to face the photographers and wave to them. Steve turned back to them too, wearing a happier smile than he had been before their kiss.
Tony began to lightly scrub at his skin and talk about the amazing bathtub at his home in the future. Steve silently listened as he continuously scooped water over Tony. Tony's home sounded amazing and Steve wondered how outdated or slow everything in this timeline felt to Tony.
Why would he assume that? Steve was dead! Even if they had eventually fallen in love, it wouldn't have been fair to Tony…Tony had a life beyond the dreamscape. He should be able to love and make a family…not waste his years away in a dream...with Steve.
His heart seemed to do a backflip and increased its tempo. He’d never been this nervous with Gwen, but, then again, this was new territory. This was Wade. A man, a mutant, a mercenary, a known killer, but, sometimes a superhero like himself. It was whole new territory for Peter and…it was scary…but also exhilarating.
“My dad…Tony…well, he doesn’t approve of Wade,” Peter murmured to the toast. He shoved the toast into his mouth so he could let his mind calm down a little before continuing.
Steve snorted but Tony’s toes curled as Steve’s gaze burned into his with the same desire he saw last night.
James murmured, “We can leave Friday. I will make my weekly call to my master, update him on your progress and he won’t expect to hear back from me for another week. We can use that time to escape.”
When Tony had turned 21, he inherited all the rights to his father’s company. He revealed to Steve he was both nervous and excited. He had big plans for the company and it became extremely apparent in the dreamscape within the first week of his acquiring the company.
Tony walked him through the building of the Mark II suit and Steve even helped him pick out the final colors. Tony also built himself a new reactor for his chest, but they had a very long and lengthy discussion about Tony’s health and safety before he installed it. They got into countless debates about how to keep people safe and whether or not he should tell the military about the suit he had built.
, and he freaked out. He’s as straight as a pole and he’s only doing this because I told him it was his best bet.”
Everyone was currently breathing softly with the exception of Thor who was snoring lightly. Steve breathed evenly, willing his headache away. It faded somewhat but there was a pressure behind his forehead.
Steve sighed heavily and his gaze spanned the entire team before finally falling on Tony. He could not see Tony’s expression but he took courage from the unwavering stare of Iron Man.
Sam was wordlessly driving them out of the city and to an empty warehouse Natasha suggested for them to get all they could out of Sitwell and then form a plan of attack.
“Okay, settle down,” Marston said, waving for his audience to quiet. Despite his plea, it took them a few more minutes to calm down.
“Sorry, Cap,” the robot murmured. “I didn’t mean to scare you. I just wanted to speak with you privately and had to make sure you were alone before I showed myself.”
“Tony, Tony, Tony,” Steve whispered with his soulmate, saying the name more reverently than the sing-song version that Tony provided.
Bucky didn’t reply and Tony took that as another memory lost to him so he said, “When we get the chance, let’s scan this thing and see how it ticks.”
Wade cupped the back of his neck and muttered, “I’m good, baby boy. I’m a mutant, remember? These scratches are nothing.” And Peter could see it. Wade was healing before his eyes but the fear and disgust were still there.
The Winter Soldier did not leave a trail but, if he was carrying Steve, that meant he was weighed down and was going to be moving slower.
They slowly shifted until Tony was the one on top and Steve was the one pressed back into the couch. Tony’s hands ran reverently along this torso and he asked, “Do you want to take this slow or can I take your uniform off? …I remember someone saying stable relationships don’t start off with sex on the first date but I’d like to prove him wrong.”
Tony forwent holding Steve’s hand and lay his arm across his back and tucked his hand into his back pocket. He gave Steve’s behind a little pinch and Steve made this squeaking noise that made Tony laugh.
Tony didn’t even see Bucky beside his dad because he pushed himself up to his elbows and zeroed in on Steve as he gasped, “What’s going on?”
. I don’t want what we have to be a lie! I want to tell them the truth. How we were both in love with each other and how this fiasco got us to realize it! I-I don’t want this fakeness.”
Just when Tony was about to bare it all, Steve’s eyes narrowed and everything he thought he knew changed. Steve’s hiss of “Don’t” sliced into him like a knife. He almost staggered right there like his tendons had been cut.
He hadn't even considered the media…he hadn't really thought about them since…well…since Wade entered his life. He’d foolishly fantasized about introducing him to MJ and the others.
He held out the device to Steve with an air of expectation. Steve gingerly accepted it then stared blankly at it. What was he supposed to do now? Should he play along? There were numbers on the phone though there was no rotary to spin. He knew no one with a phone to call and if he needed to contact someone in the military he usually went through operators.
Nude, Steve shivered as Tony stood and his gaze hungrily took in his form. He could almost feel Tony’s gaze on his skin where Tony looked, leaving behind a heated warmth on his skin similar to a blush. His unwavering gaze on his body was making him feel like he was melting.
After five minutes, the truth could no longer be denied. Steve tightened his hold on Peter and gasped, “He’s gone, Peter. Oh God, he’s gone…”
Tony sighed and scratched the back of his head. He said, “Okay, with that outdated terminology, Pepper, this is Steve, Steve Rogers. And before you ask, yes,
“Yes, Sir. I have been compiling a file since I learned of his existence years prior. Would you like to start with the current information or from the beginning?”
It stopped churning altogether and the patches grew, the brown coloring eating up the black like a growing stain.
He told no one else. Steve only wanted his family to know and he dared not tell anyone in SHIELD without word getting out. It was bad enough with the media crawling all over the tower to get any information on Peter. He could not imagine what it would be like if it got out that Captain America was gay.
He expected Steve to squeak or jerk in surprise at his ass grab, instead, he leaned deeper into Tony’s hold and his fingers dug into Tony’s shoulders. Tony glanced up at him and saw Steve was as red as a tomato but his teeth were playing with his bottom lip with obvious interest.
That hope that had been born so recently shriveled tightly in his chest. But, he held onto it fiercely and he turned to Thor and demanded, “Do it again!”
They had not interacted much during the fight other than Steve giving orders and Tony complying with a dash of sarcasm. Steve kept his anger in check during the fight but he did not reply to Tony’s teases and the older man noticed.
well. Both he and Tony faced numerous instances where they both could have died this last week but they survived despite the odds…
“…If a machine can learn to love a boy as her own then maybe there is such a thing as a soul…maybe I have one too and there is a heaven waiting for me too…” Her gaze flickered and her mouth twitched into a small smile as if she found what she said funny. Mary looked back to him, looking more human than most people he knew, and asked, “Are you ready?”
Natasha shook her head and murmured, “I’m going to look into this. I don’t believe you. Your intel must be skewed because of your connection to all of this.”
Steve wanted him to be a part of his family. He also wanted to be a father to him. A few years ago, he didn’t have anyone in his life that could consider a father…and now he had
Steve gulped and his gaze took on such a serious nature that Tony could not help but remember the man beneath him was Captain America: his leader, the First Avenger, and a Super Soldier.
“Listen, he’s been in my care for the last two weeks and is as dangerous as a kitten,” Tony haughtily stated. “His claws only come out when threatened. But I’d like to think anyone would bite back when yourself or someone you love is in danger…Give him a chance.”
He did not tell them about his sexual orientation or the fact that he and Tony were in a relationship but that went hand-in-hand. He was still not ready to deal with the press over that factor in his life, though he made sure in his statement that he did not, not say he was gay. One day he would come out but that day was not it.
Wade was still brandishing his lamp poll but he held it defensively between them. Venom’s reach was only as far as Peter’s now and it held its tendrils between them, ready to attack at any moment.
“Whoa! Whoa! Chewie, wait! I was just joking! You can’t go there!” Solo ran the distance that separated them and grabbed his arm, gasping, “They’d arrest you for trespassing or causing a disturbance to the peace or whatever they can tac on ya for going someplace where you’re not supposed ta go!”
Peter shook his head and stated, “You are my boyfriend, Wade, and tonight we are going to flirt and kiss and probably embarrass the hell out of each other but it’s happening.”
Steve smiled self-consciously. It looks like they did not recognize him just like he had wanted. Even though they seemed to be allies Steve did not want to reveal anything just yet. He had no idea what these people were doing out in the arctic and they flew a flag that did not belong to the Soviet Union. For all he knew, he had stumbled into the Soviet division of Hydra.
“Jeez, you two look like a couple of saps mourning over an old ex,” Dum Dum said as he trotted up to the fire, holding a stack of MREs.
That silence, however, was nothing compared to the silence that filled the tiny courtroom when Steve was led inside. Conversations came to an immediate halt and the dozen or so people in the room seemed to collectively hold their breath.
“Create a new element? Just like that? Of course, why didn’t I think of that?” Tony sarcastically stated. “Oh, I know why! Because it’ll be impossible!”
The voices in his head had quieted over the years but were now reawakening, telling him he was no good for Peter. First, they started out as whispers but their voices grew into a loud clangor that he couldn’t distinguish much meaning from.
“Maybe I fucked you hard enough to make you go a little numb,” Tony chuckled. His hand trailed down Steve’s stomach and then wrapped around his cock.
Into his neck, Tony whispered, “I only know what Howard told me as a child…I don’t know if he embellished anything…”
“But, it was by your hand,” she retorted. The Soldier’s hand shot to his sidearm and Natasha immediately reached behind her where her gun was hidden. They both froze and stared tensely at each other.
But Wade didn’t respond to Peter’s kiss. He didn’t move, not even to take a breath. He was still as a statue.
She smiled and whispered, “Hey, yourself. Want a ride to Tony’s place? He’s got a nice pool table in the basement.”
Tony wasn’t expecting Steve to fall to his level nor was he expecting the intense kiss Steve gave him in response.
The suit closed around Tony and he went to the exterior exit door to blast outside to get to the penthouse quicker. Friday replied, “It is hard to determine. I cannot determine who is the Code –.” The AI’s voice jolted to a stop and then it stated with certainty, “It is Peter. It looks as if Venom has him.”
“Be careful…I know you want answers but sometimes they’re not always what you want,” the projection stated, reiterating the last words his father told the suit in the alternative future. Even his voice had aged and was rougher than what Tony remembered. Howard continued, “I know I have told you this many times…but Hydra is formidable. More so now than when they had first formed.” Howard paused and emotions Tony never saw before burned in his father’s gaze as he stated, “Tony, when you go out there, you need to remember one important thing about Hydra: when you cut off one head, two will
The last thing Steve saw before the darkness ate away at all of his vision was a sign, posted to one of the tents. The letters were blurred but, with it, he recognized the symbols. He had seen that lettering once before with the Howling Commandoes.
Peter quickly stepped out of his bedroom and locked the door. He yelled, “Leave me alone!” Then slammed his door closed, locking himself out of his bedroom. He jumped on the wall and crawled back onto the ceiling and went into the master bedroom, only a few doors down.
The floor beneath the community floor was a workout room dedicated to the entire team with many more facilities. Steve began to work out there every morning in addition to his morning runs. Sometimes, he and Clint would do sets together if they woke the same time.
Steve turned back and joined everyone as they all looked to the prosecution’s table and waited to see their next move.
Steve wordlessly followed Cable as he took them down the staircase next to his studio. The cement stairs were slick with a fine layer of sand so the people who used the units probably trailed the beach sand back frequently. He couldn’t help but wonder which beach it was. Where in the world were they that Cable decided to put his hideaway.
Tony got to his feet and hissed, “Trace the email, J. You have my permission to break any laws you have to, to find Steve.”
“All you need to do is smile to make my sad go away, Peter,” Steve murmured and Peter automatically smiled as wide as he could, displaying his tiny teeth.
"If I keep trying, Peter will get annoyed with me and will hate me more," he replied smartly and, internally, it hurt to think his own son would hate him so. His thoughts strayed to his own father and their rocky relationship and Tony grew more depressed. He never wanted this. He had wanted to do better than Howard and now he was doing
Steve cupped his face and smiled at him when he met his eyes. He whispered, “Who wouldn’t want the incredible Iron Man as a father? Or, better yet, the intelligent, brave, gracious, and handsome Tony Stark?”
The darkness was the last thing on his mind now and he felt around the bed for the bottle of lube…and felt…and felt. Eventually, he broke their kiss with a groan and sat up, asking, “Where’d we put it?”
Needless to say, Tony credited the townspeople emergence to his cliché American greeting. Jacques would accredit it to the fact that he called out French greetings but Tony would come to disagree with this.
Tony. Peter told me this in confidence but I could tell he was uneasy about revealing the information. He didn’t want this kind of reaction from me, nonetheless you…Tony...Peter is an adult. He knows what he is doing.”
Steve hunched over him and pressed his forehead to Tony’s. He whispered, “Hold on. Howard might be able to fix it.” He grasped the sides of Tony’s face and gasped, “Don’t leave me, Tony. I need you, please, stay. I can’t lose you yet! Please, hold on!”
“Unbelievable,” Pepper hissed, getting to her feet. She stomped over to the window and looked up to the level above where the balcony jutted out. She demanded, “Is Phil there?”
He trailed to a stop in Times Square, marveling at the bright lights. Tony had once shown him how much it had changed in the dream world but it was so much more in person.
On the drive there, Steve mostly stared at his friend, darkly wondering if these were the last moments he'd be spending with him. Bucky pretended like he didn't notice and kept his eyes on the road as he drove. They talked about inconsequential things to pass the time.
What was the point? Why would he do that to himself? Did he think some pointless “act of love” would have her swooning and lamenting his end?
“We are engaged, sir,” Steve stated, in a more serious tone. Tony's heart fluttered at the sound of Steve’s voice. God, he missed the sound of his voice. They’d been reunited what...Fury said five minutes? It still felt like seconds to Tony and he just wanted to drag Steve back inside and stare at him.
Steve wordlessly went to Tony with the small amount of time remaining to him and Bucky just as silently followed.
When the boy had been born she actually had the gall to ask to see him. Norman shot her in the head himself and let Hydra dispose of the body.
Who was Tony kidding? Steve knew there could be nothing between them. He just wanted to enjoy the night with a friend, nothing more. Tony was overreacting to these new feelings inside him and the fact that Steve liked him too. He needed to keep a cool head. The worst that could happen would for them to talk about their feelings and acknowledge they were both being ridiculous…
Cable’s talking continued as Steve peered down at the image, “I brought us ahead a few weeks before the event in question to give me enough time to rebuild the reactor and to give the time glove time to recharge. So, he is very much alive right now and will not be in danger until the Goblin makes his move. But under absolutely no circumstance are you to approach him.”
“Originally with the Parkers, but Lady May is out and does not have a phone. And Ben is at work and ‘on a job.’ The Man of Iron is trying to contact him,” Uncle Thor replied.
, keep in touch via the communicators and I want an update every five minutes. Once we’ve secured our people, fall back to the quinjet. After an hour, fall back to the quinjet either way. We will regroup and go in a different way but we will
Watching from the shadows, Jarvis’s systems experienced an odd fluctuation. The entire suit flickered as its energy was lost for a moment. The AI ran an intensive system’s check but everything came back as green.
“He was the best man I knew,” Bucky gasped, dropping his head. He caught his breath and then looked up to the statue’s face and told it, “You saved my life in more ways than you could imagine, Stevie. So, thank you. I love you, punk. You were the best family a guy could ask for. I hope I can be half the man you were…I’m – I’m going to miss you…” He paused but his voice still broke as he gasped out, “A-A lot…” Bucky wiped the tears from his eyes and Tony gave him a half hug. Sniffling, Bucky murmured, “You say your goodbyes now. Stevie’s listening.”
Steve jumped off the bed, his landing was a little unsteady since his head still was out of rights. He gasped, “No, there should not be a next time. You do not have to go at this alone. You are my best friend, Bucky. I’m sorry we cannot be more but-but we can still be friends.”
Steve paused with the blade stopping at the tip of his chin. He pulled the blade away and wiped away the excess cream before replying, “It…It's not real…more of a joke between us because of a silly rumor that was started at basic...do people really think it was real in the future?”
Blondie cleared his throat and removed his cap and glasses. He said somewhat shyly, “I don’t know if you recognize me-.”
He ran ahead of them and Steve gasped, “Wait! That’s not fair! You know Peter won’t let me hear the end of it until I get him ice cream! Tony?!”
Tony suddenly grasped the side of his face tenderly and Steve stiffened instantly. His eyes snapped to Tony and saw his warm gaze had returned. He stared lovingly at Steve and Steve’s heart sang and cried all at once.
Peter turned to Pops and saw his father was standing and watching him with a concerned expression on his face. Peter stated, “I want this.”
Tony spun around, surprising Steve, and pressed back into him. Steve groaned and grabbed the corners of his waist to draw Tony’s ass snuggly against his cock. Tony automatically swayed his hips to the beat, pressing harder into Steve’s hips, and smirked as he made the super soldier shake. Steve bowed his head and messily kissed along Tony’s throat. Tony hummed happily and wrapped an arm over Steve’s neck to keep him there.
He walked with Howard all the way to his car and then both he and Howard spotted Steve at the same time. Steve also saw them and was immediately frowning at Tony from the shadows.
Steve narrowed his eyes, strengthening his glare, and signaling to Clint to change the channel again.
“Well, when you put it that way…” Bucky sarcastically murmured. He crossed his arms over his chest and glared at both of them. He stated, “I'm not asking for details. I just want you two to swear to me that yous are being safe.”
Peter dropped his head and gently caressed Wade’s cheek. He bit down on his lip and painfully gasped, “I was so excited to spend it with you too.”
The handle shifted under their hands. Both of them tensed and held on with all of their strength, but neither of them were a match for a super soldier in his prime. Maybe if Steve wasn’t sick and hurt, he could have held out…but the “maybe” scenario wasn’t going to help them now.
“How about getting her chocolate to couple with those flowers?” Tony suggested. Steve wrapped his arm across Tony’s back and settled his hand into place on his hip.
“Be simple,” Natasha suggested, her entire body tense as if she suspected an attack at any moment. Bruce and Thor watched the exchange with equal expressions of horror
Steve rolled his eyes pressed a quick kiss on Tony’s face-shield before stepping back and putting on the rest of the uniform, saying, “These Sinister Six guys should be here soon.”
“…Your Pops just felt like dancing,” Bucky explained to the little boy. Peter and Harry exchanged confused glances then shrugged. They went back into the living room and started playing again. Bucky continued, “I think Steve is right about Natasha hitting me. She will punch me before I get that close. Dancing is out.”
“Yes, please,” Steve gasped and Tony threw Steve’s shirt aside before falling on him with a hungry growl that made Steve laugh.
“There’s nothing to be sorry about,” Steve assured Peter. He stepped back to give the younger man some space but squeezed his shoulder one last time.
Tony’s face twisted and he growled, “You are not the only one hurting here! So why don’t you take that stick out of your ass and open your goddamn eyes!” Tony stalked past him and made sure to hit him with his shoulder as he walked by. He went straight to the elevator and probably went down to his lab.
Steve opened the two doors. There were four different uniforms hanging there and two shields to choose from. One was Steve’s circular shield and the other was a smaller and looked like it could only protect his forearm. Various boots were lined on the floor with surgical precision and, on one of the doors, a photo of Tony and Steve holding a toddler between them and all three were wearing exuberant smiles.
“Howard,” Tony hissed, silencing the man with a swipe of his hand. “I am not changing the future anymore and that is final.”
Peter saw the flush too and, when Wade didn’t immediately continue, he said, “You were looking for a photo…for?”
After breakfast on Monday mornings, they'd usually split to deal with their various responsibilities but Steve followed him into the elevator which would take him to the lab. Tony looked at him incredulously and asked, “Are you babysitting me?”
, would be a good boyfriend to me.” He stopped laughing and caressed Tony’s hipbones with his thumbs. Smiling sadly as he stared at the arc reactor, Steve whispered, “It’s funny because I told you I loved you only a couple of weeks ago and haven’t stopped saying it in my head since then, even though…even though I know there was no chance of you loving me back.” Steve sighed, his breath hitching pathetically as he did. Since he was clearly, stupidly showing that he still pinned after Tony, Steve said, “You can laugh at me now…”
With his breath caught in his throat, Steve ran a thumb over Tony’s cheek bone and whispered, “Tony, I love you…”
Tony stepped up to the bed and placed a single knee on the edge. Tony’s weight shifted the bed and his thigh pressed against Steve’s.
Pepper handled the press for them and told them the Avengers needed to escape the craziness of the city. As Steve drove, from the passenger seat Tony laid out their plan to the entire team and explained that they needed to be somewhere with laxer security. Everybody listened quietly until the end and Steve braced himself for questions.
Tony had mentioned Bruce staying at the Tower since the attack on New York but he did not know Clint was there or that the others frequented it as well. The billionaire had asked him to move in soon after the attack but Steve had declined, wanting to stay in Brooklyn. Tony pestered him for a few weeks about it but eventually gave up.
Tony clenched his fist tightly on the railing. It always had been his technology that was the fault in their deaths. Ever since Edward’s death, Tony had thrown himself into updating the Iron Man suit. He’d made several new versions and was now building the 15
“Your honor, I object to everything the prosecutor just stated and call it slander not evidence!” His head lawyer, Marcel Collins, hissed. Out of all his lawyers, this one was the one whose name he actually remembered as he was the one who was always standing by Pepper in all the TV interviews about Tyler’s accusation. He was a tall man, with nice hair, and a sharp smile. Marcel, however, was currently not smiling and he continued, “This man is a hero! The violence he exhibited was only to save the countless lives of people from all around the world! The only reason he leaves the country is to put his life on the line to save others. He has never had a charge placed against him until now and the evidence is circumstantial at best! New York has been Captain Rogers’ home since he was born here, what era we are in does not change that! Furthermore, he has a residence in the Avengers Tower and is currently living with the team,
His wristband began to beep and Steve stumbled to his feet, swaying on his damaged legs. His shield would be there any second. He just hoped he would get it in time. Behind him, Tony did as he instructed and ran away with Peter, his son’s cries pierced his heart but hardened his resolve.
“Sounds nice,” Steve replied and Tony nodded. After the last couple of days Peter's had, he had the right to relax.
“Yeah, once it gets out everyone’s going to want to know who asked out who, etc. and they’re especially going to want to know how long you’ve been gay, Cap.”
“No need to explain, I think I heard enough to get the gist of what’s happening,” Sam chuckled. He held up the articles in his arms and said, “You ready to start or do you want me to leave you guys alone for another ten minutes?”
Steve grinned and was excited by her curiosity. He dived into his explanation with enthusiasm. Tony grinned fondly at him and grasped Steve’s arm as he talked about their son.
Steve smiled privately to himself as he started to read the article and he did not notice Tony catching that smile and smirking in turn.
“And you, Pete?” Steve called over his shoulder as he started to remove the hot dogs from the grill.
He pushed back Wade’s mask, revealing the bottom half of his face. Wade was smiling and he slipped his arms around Peter’s back as Peter pushed up his own mask.
“He has a universally recognizable face. There is even a poster of him in the Science Division’s offices.”
His AI had conveniently assisted them in the Hydra ambush (though Tony saw none of it because he'd been too busy staring at Steve). Tony knew Jarvis had been following him then so it shouldn’t have been such a surprise that he’d continue to do so.
Gibbons’ hands kneaded at the rifle in his hands and his eyes were open so wide, Steve could clearly see the white encircling both of his irises.
SHIELD HQ was being evacuated. Agents came forward to see if they wanted additional assistance and, in the same breath, told them where to find the attackers. Steve asked them to get to safety but thanked them for volunteering. Before the proud agents could counter he suggested they help in getting everyone out and make sure the perimeter was secure.
“I did not think so,” Bruce murmured wryly. “I would not have suggested it in the first place…But this is clearly an effect of the gamma-radiation. He might have had it all along. He reacted similarly when Loki held him…The tests show he is fine.”
To his teachers, Peter was not the biological son of Steve Rogers, he was just a boy who happened to share the same blue eyes as the infamous superhero like countless others. To the other students, Peter was a shy boy who did not like to play physical sports. They all thought he was sickly but, in fact, Peter had inherited all of Steve super soldier abilities including his strength and healing. Peter was at the pinnacle of health and did not play because he could break the other kids’ bones as easily as snapping a dried out twig.
Cable too sighed with a wearied relief. He gave Steve a moment and then started to turn the gears on the time glove as he said, “We’ve been in this timeline too long for my liking.” He looked to Steve and asked, “Ready to go?”
Tony had, had an exhausting day so he was quickly breathing softly and would soon be asleep. Steve pressed another kiss into his scalp and wordlessly mouthed the sentiment into Tony’s hair. He held him tightly to his chest and he wondered how much longer he could do this.
“Are you kidding? How could I not make something for this adorable specimen of stars and stripes! Have you decided who you are going to name godfather yet? I humbly apply for the position.”
“You are never going into that machine or cryostasis chamber ever again.” Tony smiled reassuringly at his long-lost friend and whispered, “I got you. You’re safe and, soon, this will all hopefully make more sense…”
Natasha did not know how she felt about that if it were the case. She grew up and trained with the belief that she would kill her mate as soon as she met him. But now she had him and she began to…
Bucky didn’t try to stop looking for someone to love though he admittedly looked for it in all the wrong places. As he grew older, he noticed there were dames looking for a good time and Bucky provided it and did his best to ignore the countdowns they had on their timers. He wanted someone to love and to love him in return. Even if there was the smallest chance he could find someone to be with, despite what his implant said, Bucky would keep trying to find love.
No one else approached them and Venom wondered what their endgame was. Then he could not help but wonder if he tried to eat the blond man again if he will digest this time.
Peter bit down on his lip and then murmured, “Sure…” His lip slipped free from the grip of his teeth and he smiled into his pillow. He imagined Wade without his mask and also smiling. He couldn’t wait to see that and to kiss him without his mask.
“I want a viable lab to do more than play!” Howard countered, “I have pressing work that needs my attention!”
Steve returned the embrace and pressed his forehead to Tony’s as he promised, “There’s no need. I told you I wouldn’t leave you like that again. It’s a promise. I’m here for good. As long as you’ll have me that is.”
“How is Peter? And you? How are you?” Steve asked. He had been yearning for an answer ever since he woke in the dark sewers beneath the city.
“You will only hurt yourself,” Tony countered and cautiously stepped back from Steve’s bedside. His husband made no move to rise again so Tony continued his cautious steps backwards to where his suit was waiting for him. Tony continued, “If you go out there, not only will you endanger yourself but you’ll be a distraction to me and the rest of the team.
” Steve gasped madly. He barely noticed the pain. He just imagined Tony worriedly looking over holograms, looking for Steve, and then hearing his implant reset. He’d think Steve was dead.
“Well, you did ask him to,” Tony teased. Steve’s bent down to grab his clothes and Tony couldn't help but pinch that perfect ass.
Steve thought back to their fight earlier and Steve wondered how to broach a conversation about it. He was still upset by it, though it had been lessened greatly diminished by the revelation that they were soulmates and the fact that men could get
Kilian’s severed arm continued to glow orange with heat and quickly burned through the floor. With the floor weakened from the hole Kilian climbed through earlier and this new one created by his arm, a large portion of the floor finally gave out and collapsed. Pepper and the mass of metal she was buried under fell with it.
Steve sat Bucky on his couch and Tony placed Peter on the ground by his toy chest. Steve and Tony slipped into his bedroom to talk in private.
Uncle Bucky made a strangled noise in his throat, which sounded like he tried to smother a sob and scream simultaneously. He looked at Peter as Peter pushed himself up and Peter knew something horrible had happened. Uncle Bucky sat up with him and his hands trembled as he gently grasped Peter’s arms. With a fragmented expression, displaying all his upset and barely held together psyche, Uncle Bucky gasped, “P-Peter…your – Pops, he’s –.”
Peter stared at him with a pinched brow, not understanding. Was Wade somehow structuring their lives into chapters? Wade sighed and said, "Nevermind..."
Steve had been expecting it. He looked up from the checkered board to meet the eyes of a four-year-old Tony.
Their bodies melded together almost seamlessly, like they were made for each other. They were perfect for each other and, as Wade kissed him so preciously, it made it hard for him to remember how he’d lived without Wade for so long.
“I know you, Peter,” Wade stated with conviction. He moved forward to cup Peter’s cheek but Peter jerked back, away from Wade’s touch.
“And Venom?” Thor asked. Steve looked to Hulk’s hunched form. He had pinned Venom down and the symbiote was shrieking at him.
Sam reviewed the file and Steve went to bounce the baby on his hip but paused when he got a good look at him.
Tony stared at his son’s slumped form, wishing he could better understand his son’s drive to protect. The kid practically worked himself until he was exhausted some nights. He did too much…and…and then Tony remembered the line Peter would quote with reverence.
“He didn’t mean it like that!” Peter gasped. “H-He was just trying to help me. I almost tripped when I tried to open a door the wrong way. He was helping me straighten up.”
Tony’s eyes snapped open and an expression came over Tony’s face that Natasha was all too familiar with.
“So I am a man with a target on his head and my family are going to be collateral damage?” Howard hissed.
“Peter and Stepan and the little spy you’ve got brewing in there –,” Tony waved to Natasha’s baby bump and continued, “– are going to make a game of it. Who can knock out Uncle Bucky first?”
Tony’s expression paled and went blank and then his hand froze against Steve’s face. Tony cleared his throat and then reached down to fix Steve’s collar, as if that was the reason for his reach all along. He stared at Steve’s throat and hoarsely murmured, “If you are going to be seen with me you are going to at least look like you didn’t just come out of an 80s Pop song.”
“I’m fine, dad! Just got a pounding headache and a rather large leech on me but Wanda has me so I’ll be okay!” Peter assured him. “You can fret over me as much as you want once you’re checked out and I am free of the symbiote.”
Tony shook his head and murmured, “I know it’s not going to work, Bruce. I mean…we practiced yesterday,
have I been gone? I’m so sorry to have left you! Please, forgive me! God, look at you! I can’t believe I wasn’t there!
“Peter!” His dad’s exclamation interrupted his line of thinking. Both Tony and Steve got to their feet as Peter entered the living room.
Tony was badly injured from her attack and had to spend a few weeks in the hospital. Organs and muscles were damaged, but, after several nerve-wracking surgeries, he pulled through. Things didn’t exactly go back to normal after Tony returned home. For the next couple of months, he had physical therapy and checkups thrown in with his normal day-to-day activities. All the Avengers hid away in the Tower and avoided the paparazzi, camping on their doorstep and that was just because of the attack on Tony. Just when it seemed their interest was dwindling, Tyler’s trial began and they came flying back, like the flock of vultures that they are and renewed their efforts to get a comment or photo.
The team was gathered in the observation area to the Hulk Room. It was a room with a wall of holo-screens and all were focused on various angles of Peter. The entire team barely fit in the room and soon T’Challa was going to be added to the mix once was his flight was in from Wakanda. Even Natasha was there. She was a little banged up but she refused to be babied and stood with her arms crossed over her chest behind Bruce.
Steve’s blue eyes were wide with shock as he stared at Tony and he inhaled with a strangled effort but the air seemed incapable of entering his smoking chest.
“Yes, Sir,” Jarvis replied. On Tony’s screen a phone symbol appeared and a light ringing sounded over the speakers.
Steve stiffened and leaned closer, while stepping nearer to the alcove wall to hide himself better. His heart began to race as he considered their words…What history were they talking about?
“You destroyed my life,” Tony hissed and hit the symbiote with a quick, single blast from both his hands. It let out a groaning shriek and tried to crawl faster. Tony walked with it, easily keeping pace, and continued, “You tortured and killed my son.” He hit the symbiote again, it faltered in its crawling, and its entire body shuddered and warped into itself. The symbiote collapsed, writhing. Tony watched it struggle for a moment and then promised in a growl, “And now, I am going to kill you.”
Hulk turned back to Venom. He had the symbiote trapped in his grip and it shrieked and squirmed madly, trying to escape. Hulk leaned in and sniffed at Venom. Venom bit him and scratched at him with his black claws but Hulk no longer retaliated.
He grasped the neck of the glass in Steve's clasp and his fingers rested right on the edge of Steve's fingers by mistake. He paused in his surprise as his fingertips tingled under Steve’s warmth. The pause extended long past social norms as Tony stared dumbly at their connected fingers.
Steve’s insides churned again with those hot, happy bubbles. He wrapped his arms around Tony’s torso and pressed his face into his chest, whispering, “It is special, love. We’re together again…forever.”
That was another thing. Peter was first attracted to Gwen because of her beauty and then fell in love with her personality. Peter was attracted to Wade for his personality but how would he feel about his features in the long run?
Ultimately, their kisses slowed to a stop and Tony rested his head against Steve’s chest, listening to his heart beat steadily in his chest.
They’d only had been able to have penetrative sex one night in the past and, back then, they had to muffle their groans to keep their secret.
Steve lightly grasped his hand and whispered, “He's a grownup. You have to put some trust in him or you'll just push him away.”
With a serious expression, Tony reached up to cup Steve’s face and he promised, “I’m going to be good to you.”
Tony paced, not knowing how to tell Pepper the ex-assassin ran away because Tony admitted fault in the event that totally destroyed his life. She was going to be pissed and worried and she might finally have that heart attack she always threatened to have when Tony did something stupid.
Not long after he revealed he was Iron Man to the media, Tony had stumbled upon one of his dad’s old notebooks and, in it, Howard had noted the Commandos finding the base. He’d written there was a lab there that contained scientific marvels but the next page that went onto describe those marvels had been torn out of his journal. Tony’s curiosity was piqued and the chance to use Sneaky was just too good to pass up.
They patrolled the city and did a lot of people watching. It was mostly boring work that none of the excitement he thought of whenever he thought of superhero life.
Venom hummed with content as they moved. Their kill was nourishing but was not near enough to abate his hunger.
She frowned darkly and said, “But that hope was dashed because he watched us for God knows how long since the helicarriers fell and he came back for
The fact that Steve had this photo gave him buckets of bravery where he did not have any moments prior. Tony was being overdramatic. Steve clearly cared for Tony.
He worried, jumped to conclusions, internally bargained with invisible people, and...smothered any ridiculous motions that might have come up in his musings.
Tony smirked and pried one hand off Steve’s face and one blue eye blinked up at him. Tony said, “I’ve been freaking out ever since we started this. I thought you were straight and I was practically assaulting your sexuality…You can’t believe how relieved I am to know that at least you’re attracted to me.”
“What are you doing?” Tony asked him with a grin and a laugh on his voice. Steve leaned in toward Tony as he cracked open his hazel eyes.
Tony landed and separated the distance between them in seconds. With tears forming in Tony’s eyes, he reached out to Steve and gasped, “
“Be-Beta –,” Jarvis said and his screens flickered with life. Tony sat up straighter as he took in the new world around him. Gone was the dust and decaying machines. In its place was a glowing, functioning lab filled with uniformed people, all staring at him in shock or hurriedly working at their stations.
“G-Get away from me,” Peter gasped but not a moment later Venom emerged and Peter was embraced in the darkness again.
Bruce gave him a clean bill of health and then said to Peter, “The others are outside. They wanted to know how you were and if they could see you.”
Jarvis was even less informative as most of the cameras he hacked did not have good quality and it was nearly impossible to see the difference between a man and a dog nonetheless pick out Chewie from the hundreds of thousands who walked the streets daily.
Tony’s face was planted into the mattress so, when he replied, the words came out in a muffled mumble that Steve did not understand.
. But there are other times, like with Wade, in which your Dad-Radar narrows too much on somethings…and I’m not the only one you should be apologizing to…” Peter replied gently. Tony nodded in understanding.
Peter avoided his bad side and just crawled between him and Tony. He gave Steve a half hug and then turned to Tony and gave him one too. He then crawled back and sat cross legged between them at the foot of their combined beds.
Tony wasn't supposed to hear it and he knew he wasn't by the way Steve's eyes snapped over to him to check to see if heard. Steve blanched and Tony knew that his face must have been an open book.
Steve got to his feet and murmured, “You didn't come either. We're in the same boat.” He added with a smirk, “This might be Peter's payback for walking in on us.”
“Stark, I was well within my rights to do all of that. I came in here with two warrants: one for the Captain and one for you.”
Night turned into a new day. Every time he closed his eyes, Tony saw Steve’s blue eyes staring back at him. Just like when he had last seen him, the super solder’s gaze was an icy blue, stark with surprise but the inner depths were a black abyss that contained a dark knowledge that Tony was not ready to face. As a result, Tony couldn’t sleep a wink and Sam spirited him coffee to help keep him awake despite the unhappy tittering of his doctors.
Peter was wailing like he had when Loki held him and Steve instantly became alarmed. Tears were flowing down his red cheeks and Peter clutched his head. He gasped, “I don’ wanna be hurted. I don’ wanna be hurted!”
Coulson led Bruce over to the current readings and Tony circled the cylinder. Tony was taking in the image of the Captain, memorizing him for later that night when he was all alone with his favorite brand of moisturizer and a box of tissues.
The inside was nicely furnished with antique furniture that looked like it had faded in the years since they purchased it. On the walls, Steve immediately spotted Mary Parker in several photos with a man who looked just like Ben’s junior. He must have been Richard Parker, Ben Parker’s younger brother.
Natasha surged forward and punched him square in the nose. Bucky could have dodged it or blocked it but instead stood still so she could hit him with all her might. He fell back and Natasha spun around, passing the elevator and going to the emergency stairs. Bucky made no move to follow her.
“Yes, Bucky,” Steve gasped, his voice cracking with emotion. “Yes, but I care for Tony too and I am in a relationship with him.
Peter smiled to himself at the thought and only a slight blush gave away what he was thinking about.
“Yes, Master Rogers,” Jarvis replied at the elevator doors began to shut. Tony’s hand shot out and stopped the doors from closing.
Peter was limp. His eyes were closed and, for a second, Wade could have sworn he wasn't breathing either.
“I still can’t believe you guys let him spend the night,” Bucky stated, knowing exactly what was on Tony’s mind. “And in Peter’s bedroom.”
“I think we should keep you in the machine longer the usual,” Schmidt murmured. He nodded to the technicians and they lowered the contraption back over Steve’s head. Steve’s heart leapt into his throat and he struggled madly against his bonds.
He never noticed it before but the sky moved. It was how he measured the passage of time as stars and constellations disappeared on the horizon.
"You and Peter share similar DNA and we have proof that Venom can survive off you…the symbiote will most likely take a willing host over an unwilling host. Sacrifice yourself and Venom will free Peter.”
Stark was in there again. He was hunched over in the chair by the hospital bed. Grief weighed heavily upon his shoulders and he looked like he wanted to touch Rogers but was unable to. He'd been in there every day, waiting, grieving, and dying a little inside with every passing moment. Stark blamed himself for what happened to Rogers and not matter what anyone said, he would continue to do so until the Captain woke up
“Thank you,” Peter whispered and leaned in, tilting his head back. Wade took the clue and leaned down, lightly kissing him. The kiss was gentle and held none of the fervor of their recent kisses. It felt like a continuation of his apology. Peter ran his hand up Wade’s chest and dragged his hand over his scalp, letting him know his apology was accepted and they were alright.
Tony shifted his arm and went to wrap it around Steve. However, the body was smaller…too small to be Steve. Instead of the expanse of Steve’s back Tony’s arm moved drastically inward and came into contact with a tiny body and boney shoulders.
That intense feeling rushed through him of longing and want like he never experienced before…or, at least, he never remembered experiencing before.
“Shut up. This team would be nothing without the two of you and you know it,” Clint grumbled as he stepped out of the doorway. He turned on the television and grabbed his game control and sat next to Tony. Clint spared his laptop screen a glance and asked, “Anything yet?”
“I think he was more gratified by your words. You’ve never spoken to Peter of your relationship other than saying ‘I love you.’ I don’t think he realized how much of an impact he’s made on you until today,” Steve replied, wrapping his arms more securely around Tony.
Tony snorted and retorted, “Unless you want to horde me away in your room, I can’t do that. I’m obviously not one of your soldiers, I’ll stand out like a sore thumb.”
Barnes’ eyes flickered emotionlessly from Tony to something over his shoulder. With an equally emotionless tone, he stated, “Tell me her name.”
Steve took Bucky’s gift over to the pile and paused to watch them both as they played. Out of everything SHIELD and Steve provided for Bucky it was nothing in comparison to Peter. His son had completely enamored the Winter Soldier and Bucky was easy to smile whenever Peter was around. He was glad Bucky came.
“Well don’t! Help others! It’d look weird if you were only helping me!” Jarvis didn’t move immediately so Tony stated, “That’s an order! Go!”
Steve had originally planned to wear his best clothes and walk around Central Park until he ran into his soulmate. Instead, he was downtown in his new Captain America uniform, fighting a horde of aliens. Civilians were running away and, as Steve fought, in the back of his mind he worried if he’d be able to meet his soulmate in the late afternoon.
Eddie bumped into his side and stated, “Well, Parker, we’ve still got work to do on our protoplasm research or are you going to just stand there and be ‘Peter’ for your entire shift?”
He had that chance now but…but Tony was also scared to hear those answers. Especially from this man who was nothing like the one he had known in the future…
Stark let off a colorful stream of curse words, forcing him to removed his ear piece. He needed to concentrate but he knew Natasha saw it as a bad sign by the way she paled.
Steve groaned, thrusting his hips into Tony again, and digging his free hand into Tony’s hips, trying to draw him closer. His mind became hazy with desire. He wanted Tony. He wanted his body. But most importantly, he wanted his tongue.
As the warm water lapped at their waists, he felt Steve’s hand stray to his stomach and touch his scar again. Steve always touched it when he was serious and he stated, “Me too…” He traced the healed wound with his thumb and whispered, “I love everything about us…I love you. And with everything we’ve been through, I know I always will…
She turned back to James and drew her blankets over him. She tucked him in, parted his hair, and then just watched him for a few minutes, letting herself finally pause to marvel at his existence. She sat down on the bed beside him and continuously ran her fingers through his hair. It was dirty as they hadn’t let him bathe when he was in his cell so she groomed him the best she could with her fingers.
“Master Rogers has not returned yet, Sir,” Jarvis replied without having to be question. He would have liked to boast that his AI was so good at reading him that it could practically read his mind but, in reality, Tony had been asking him the same question every ten minutes since Steve left. And he may do this everytime Steve leaves...
Steve chuckled and the nervous feeling turned into nothing more than a flutter in his stomach. Tony stepped out of the car, the press began to scream his name and their cameras flashed brightly. Tony turned back to Steve and held out his hand for him. Still grinning, Steve grasped his soulmate’s hand and let him help him out of the car. The press screamed louder and the flashes from the cameras grew brighter, especially when Tony wound his arm around Steve’s waist.
“Well, babe, I am sorta a celebrity so several someones can talk,” Tony teased, playfully rubbing his nose against Steve’s.
“Cap - Steve…Steve, I understand why you’re scared. I do. But I can also assure you is…you are not alone,” Tony whispered. “You have me, Bruce, Clint, Natasha, Thor…All of the Avengers would do anything for you and Peter. Fate might try to take him but all of us will fight like hell to stop that from happening.”
He was tempted to kick over the Iron Man toy sitting on the floor but did not give into his desires for silence. Peter went into his closet and pulled out a black sweater with the Black Widow emblem on the back. He slipped it on then grabbed his Stark phone off his bed and put it in his pocket. Last but not least, he grabbed his sneakers, tied the strings together, and hung them around his neck like a scarf.
Steve expected a lecture or for Bucky to freak out like he had when he found Tony in his bed but, not this…teasing? He eyed his best friend peculiarly and asked, “Y-You’re not worried?”
They were close and bordering on more than friends close, but they were not there yet. They enjoyed each other’s company and were still working on how they fit together. Tony hadn’t wanted to rush that, especially with how they started out.
Tony hurried over to one of the seats sitting in front of Pepper’s desk and sat down as he turned to the first page and started reading.
Tony hooked up the container and connected it to his systems. Pepper helped him with the monitoring and nervously chewed on her lip as she watched him begin the shut down process.
Tony grinned and whispered, “This is the dreamworld and guess who’s getting hard again because his body isn’t tied down to the natural laws of the real world?”
He had yet to see Steve since last night and he was excited to reveal his plan to the super soldier. In his vanity, he wanted to look the best when he suggested their affair...hence his bathing.
Tony was able to press his hands onto the panel as several somethings crashed through his windows and exploded, filling the room with smoke.
“Tony…” Bruce paused and scrunched his face as he thought. He continued, voicing his words slowly, “Tony took us all in when we had nowhere else to go. I think he likes to help people. Just don’t question it.”
Steve sunk into the water and Tony went down with him. He barely had a second to turn off the water before Tony pushed him against the sloping wall of tub and reunited their mouths. Chest to chest, Steve opened and wound his limbs around the man above him, inviting him into his everlasting embrace.
“Maybe when I die, we’ll just be here for eternity,” Tony mused, snuggling into Steve’s side as they came off their orgasm high.
Steve was right…he did like to “woo” him, especially when he got to see such an expression on his face.
“Healing, I think I’m going to be all better sooner than I thought,” Steve stated. “Bucky, about that memory—.”
As he was turning over the scrambled eggs, he heard Tony mumble from behind him, “What are you? A Disney prince?”
“We can stick to the truth,” Tony stated. “Just fudge up the timelines. Steve was frozen and he woke up. We met and fell in love. We don’t have to tell them the circumstances and they won’t expect us to. We’re celebrities after all.”
Steve’s eyes widened comically and his mouth broke into an exuberant smile that didn’t look like it could possibly get any bigger. They began to walk to the elevator and Steve kissed his cheek and then wrapped his arm around Tony’s side as they walked. He gushed, “You do realize what you just said right?”
Steve smirked and waved goodbye to his friend as he left. He stepped into the elevator and said, “Home, Jarvis.”
“I love your jokes,” Stark murmured, wrapping his arm around Steve’s waist and pressing their hips together. Wade was tempted to take a picture of the scene, his hand even twitched in the direction of the phone in his pocket.
Solo pushed through a family, knocking a toddler over. The child began to cry and the father yelled angrily at Solo.
“Barnes will be on lockdown with Dr. Banner at SHIELD HQ. They will both stay there until the Mandarin is apprehended or killed.”
And then he heard Pepper walking through the doors, talking to someone on the phone and he knew he couldn’t stay this any longer.
“You look so incredibly wanton. What have you done with my Steve?” Tony purred, touching his length as he stared at Steve.
He dropped the body as soon as the man was dead and it was removed an hour later. His subordinates knew to not bother him then and he was left alone to stew in his anger.
“No, Peter is at home. This is not a surprise sleepover for the boys, we’re here for another matter,” Steve replied. He closed the doors for more privacy. Norman’s gaze did not lift from his papers but Steve saw his eyes flash with an unknown emotion then sharpen with calculation.
!! Oh my God, how far back did Wade go?? Are you two even in the new millennium yet?? Are you even a couple????”
His entire body shuddered and with a hitching breath, he unleashed it all. Bucky held him tightly and did not break away, even when Steve got to a point when he desperately tried to convince himself it was not his fault and fought against his hold and yelled bitterly at him. No matter how horribly he cursed and hurt him, Bucky did not let go.
“Ten minutes after you and Master Roger separated. Master Rogers is informed. He has been sent a link by Master Wilson.”
Tony swayed and fell forward onto Steve. Steve weakily grasped at him but his touches grew weaker with every passing second until they stopped altogether.
Anndddd now that song is stuck in my head. You can watch the music video for Queen's The Show Must Go On
His face grew wet from his husband’s tears and equally wet kisses. Steve tightened his arms around Tony and gasped, “It’s real. I’m alive – I love you
“Kiss me right there,” Tony murmured, his lips already kissing the top of Steve’s head. Steve could just barely feel his lips through his course hair but he could still make out their caress and light nibbling. It made Steve dizzy to know that Tony was doing that to Steve.
The card reader beeped, signaling its completion. Peter’s hand shot forward, holding it out for his card. Harold returned it but continued talking, “I would be honored to have you on there! Maybe your father could join you? Is he outside?”
Steve’s hands were on the pilot controls but his eyes were not on the sky. He was smiling sadly at Tony.
“You are the most clichéd sap I have ever known,” Tony murmured against his lips and kissed him again. Beneath the table, Tony’s hand squeezed Steve’s thigh and it took all of Steve’s willpower not to groan into his mouth. Tony
He cautiously opened the door, knowing Peter was somewhere inside. Wade was already prepared to grovel to his boyfriend but, when he stepped inside, Peter was nowhere to be seen on the open floorplan.
“I…never got the chance to ask you,” Steve whispered, curling his fingers into Tony’s hair. He continued, “What are we? I-I mean are we dating? Are you my boyfriend now or…?”
They both dived back into their work with gusto. They’d both been in the program for over a year and had been working on their protoplasm research since the beginning.
Tony always assumed he would be the first to die. He was older and he was a normal human with no healing factor. He had no spectacular talents or superpowers other than his suits so he was more likely to die in battle. The odds were stacked against him when compared to Steve and he accepted this fact. In some sick, twisted way, he was happy about it. He could not fathom burying his husband.
Tony did not get a wink of sleep but he was used to it and solved the problem quickly by chugging down a couple cups of coffee. Steve, on the other hand, also did not get much sleep and had dark bags forming under his eyes.
But he was no machine. James was a man who had a will, who could make his own choices, and who could love who he chose…and he chose Natasha.
Century with ease…he belonged here with Tony. He showed no worry about anyone seeing them together like they would have in the past.
“Your closet down here is still full,” Tony stated wetly and as Steve pulled back he smiled sadly at Tony.
Tony broke eye contact and felt guilty…what was he doing? A few stolen kisses and he was already imagining cuddling with Steve? He needed to put a stop to this before the future changed for the worse again…
“You clearly don’t,” Peter stated. He put his hand on the doorknob and then jerked it open. The door hit Wade in the back as it opened and Peter shouldered him aside as he went outside.
The quartermaster was alone with the main supplies. His team had yet to arrive to start packing, so Steve was able to get a tub with the promise to bring it back within the hour.
“The last readings you got from Tony,” Bruce whispered, staring at the screen. Steve turned to look at his friend. His mind was still blissfully blank. He could comprehend that he was going into shock. Bruce was clearly trying to remain calm but his voice shook as he asked, “H-How was he, Jarvis?”
Bucky moaned into his mouth, the sound vibrating down Steve’s throat. Bucky pushed him back and they landed on the bed with a slight bounce. Bucky rubbed his hips into Steve, pressing the forming erection into him.
Pepper rubbed at her eyes as she chuckled and replied, “Yes, though you might want to go to the coffee place down the block. Hospital coffee is not much to be desired…”
Natasha took the opportunity to clamber back to her coat and dig her pistol out. She spun around and pointed it at her mate, expecting him to be moments from shooting her in the seconds it took her to get her weapon, but he was peering down at the implant on his arm. She couldn’t see it but she knew his implant would look just like hers. It would be blank. No numbers would be marring the screen, attesting to them both finding their soulmate.
Steve knew Tony well enough that his boyfriend had probably come up with over a dozen things to blame himself for, namely the injury Steve received but Steve did not blame him.
Bucky nodded and stiffly held out his hand. Steve placed it in his hand again and this time Bucky’s grasp did not lock around his hand. Steve pulled back, almost dejectedly.
The Avengers exchanged confused glances and Clint gasped what they were all thinking, “What the fuck?”
Tony turned to the others, with an arm across Steve’s back to give him support. Barnes was curled into Thor and his face looked more relaxed than he had ever seen before but, he knew looks could be deceiving.
Steve leaned into his hand and picked at his food as Tony changed the subject about the papers around him. Tony explained his designs and managed to whisper flirtations or innuendos under his breath at the same time like it was nothing. Tony made this secret fling feel…normal.
"This thing's got Tony and Peter trapped under the water!" Steve cried. "Peter's been submerged for over three minutes now!"
"Sorry, hon," Tony muttered. He gave Steve's hip what he hoped was a reassuring squeeze. "I shouldn't've said that."
“I thought you said you weren’t gonna take any of Obie’s calls this weekend,” he quietly said.  “You promised.”
"Oh, not a goddamn chance. I mean, have you seen this guy?" said Tony, prompting peals of laughter that were just enough to help break some of the tension hanging in the air like a lead curtain.
Tony started, like he had forgotten Steve was there. "Um… well, I'm thinking that somehow my arc reactor was able to ward off the more direct effects of this Mind Stone," he said. "'Cause Loki tried the same thing with me when we got to the Tower after the portal opened up, only it didn't work."
"Oh, just that girl in your class who keeps thinking she's smarter than you," Tony answered without missing a beat. "'Cause we all know it's not possible. How's that Decathlon essay coming, by the way?"
Peter looked away while Uncle Thor popped it in. He'd been able to handle watching Papa's foot surgery with no problems, but for some reason watching someone pop in an artificial eye tested the limits of his squeamishness, especially right after he'd just eaten three halves of a pizza.
"Yes, I do," Steve said with a wink, his hand sliding up Tony's thigh just enough to send a sharp burst of warmth across Tony's chest. "Call it an instinct."
The prepared speeches were next—in which Peter gave a daring and brave speech comparing the rise of modern terrorism to cancer that earned him a standing ovation from not only the entire audience but also the opposing team—followed by the Super Quiz round, which Tony knew was Peter's favourite part of the competition.
"Are you wanting to go back to sleep now, babe? You still seem like you're stuck inside your own head a bit," Tony asked gently after a few moments of silence.
And since Steve's instincts were usually spot on Tony knew better than to discount them, especially since he had been so much better lately. His twice weekly talks with Sam and daily sparring sessions with Thor had both done wonders for his mental health, and while the nightmares hadn't gone away completely, they had at least decreased in both frequency and severity.
"Boys!" she shouted, raising all the hair on the back of Peter's neck as he got to his feet, fighting the urge to cover his ears. "Dinner!"
“Yeah, maybe,” Steve says after a short pause.  Then he raises his apple juice in a mock-toast, attempting a smile that probably ends up looking more like a grimace.  “I promise I’ll let you know if that happens, okay?”
"Tell you what?" Tony snapped. "Tell you that I managed to kill the Avengers because I didn't do enough to stop what's coming? Tell you that just about every goddamn night I see you lying on a battlefield, surrounded by our dead teammates, with your face all busted up and your shield broken in half? Tell you that as I check to see that if by some miniscule chance you're still alive, you grab onto my wrist, demanding why I didn't do more to stop it from happening? And then—oh God, Steve, and
"Yes," Steve moaned, tipping his head back as Tony’s lips trailed down his jaw to his neck. His eyes fluttered closed, the sensation like little spikes of electricity as Tony found that sweet spot that made Steve's knees buckle. Tony smirked against Steve's skin as he untied his tie and untucked his shirt from his waistband, both of them going to work on the buttons until he was able to shrug it off. As soon as it hit the floor Tony's hands slid underneath his tight undershirt, his blunt fingernails scraping gently up Steve's bare back as he drew the shirt up Steve's chest.
The girl startled, almost as if she wasn't used to being addressed in such a manner. She took a single step forward, biting her lip.
"Yeah, that makes sense," Steve replied. His own procedure had drained so much of the country's power that it had caused almost a three-day blackout, and that had been with the full approval of the government. There's no way Colonel Phillips would've been able to store enough power for Peter's use without being discovered.
"Yeah, yeah," Tony mumbled, rolling his eyes as he shoved his glasses onto his face. "What the hell do they want now?"
Phillips blinked and shook his head, the odd look disappearing into the lines on his face. "Not unless you've managed to make one magically appear in the last ninety seconds," he said. "You're dismissed."
At that, Steve slowly lifted his head, his cheeks so greyishly ashen and his blue eyes so puffy and bloodshot that tears welled in Tony’s eyes.  “I—I can’t!  Tony, I can’t do it alone!” he forced out.  “I thought that I could, and I tried so hard, but I need—I need—!”
"On about eleventy-billion things, yes, I know," Peter cut in as he held the door open for her. "But that doesn't mean he's not human."
That what the computerised Zola said down in that bunker was true: Steve’s life has amounted to nothing more than a zero-sum.
“Hey, buddy,” Tony said, his heart giving a little flip as Steve gave him a small wave.  “Good day at school?”
"Mmm." Tony leaned closer, his eyebrows knitting together. "So, is that why you nearly got blown out of the sky earlier today on your patrol? 'Cause you didn't eat when you were supposed to?"
"Yeah, yeah, nevermind," Peter mumbled into his pillow, sorry that he'd brought it up in the first place. "Could you turn on the rain sounds, please?"
"Dad, please!" Gwen pleaded. "I thought you'd wanna ask Peter about school and stuff, not interrogate him with questions about his parents' jobs."
asks Natasha.  “You can’t tell me you’d be blushing this much if you were worried Stark was straight or something?”
"I've never heard you sound this clear, Peter," she said. "Mr Stark, I'd still recommend that he stay overnight, and we should probably run some scans on his heart to make sure that it's structurally intact, but—"
Frowning, Steve turned on his heels and closed the door, his heart thudding madly. He couldn't imagine why Phillips could be upset with him. It's not like he'd done anything illegal.
"Yeah, and he's not really all that much of a fan of hockey anyway," Peter mumbled. "And he and Betty have been hanging out quite a bit lately too, so they might even have plans already."
Someone had been giving Meridia Langaran tech. Keeping the playing field level enough to keep either side from getting ahead.
Peter gave a reluctant nod, his mind swirling with various theories. "Yeah, I know Papa likes to be thorough. No one got hurt though, right?"
"Yeah, I know," Tony replied. "I would just have to make damn sure that I'm right about it, 'cause if I'm not we're gonna wind up with a fully functioning Winter Soldier on our hands, and one whose last programmed mission was to kill you."
The man he now loved more than life itself. The man who had not only saved his son's life—was it four times now? Five? Tony had pretty much lost count—but Tony's as well. In so many different ways.
“It’s all right, honey, that’s just the interface connection,” Dad said softly.  He gave Papa’s hand a squeeze, cradling it between his own.  “Just try and relax, okay?”
"I know you can't," Natasha said gently. "Which is why George Stacy has offered to come in here and sit with him while we debrief. He and Gwen both." Her lips curled into a soft smile. "Gwen's been asking every few seconds when she can see Peter anyway. I think she's pretty worried about him."
Natasha let out a kind of morbid chuckle, shrugging. "Oh, you know," she said as she glanced at the screen, still scrolling with names. "You know, I'm pretty sure you don't have to constantly stand here and watch these."
As soon as he heard Steve brushing his teeth, Tony crawled into bed, groaning as various joints cracked and popped as he attempted to relax into the mattress. Back when he and Steve first started sharing a bed, Steve would often rub Tony's shoulders for him at night, massaging away the tightness from a day of working in the lab or dealing with the Stark Industries Board of Directors. Afterwards, as long as Tony was still conscious, he would return the favour, kneading his knuckles into the solid muscles of Steve's shoulders and back and chuckling at all the silly noises that Steve made.
"Mmm, I guess," Peter said. He popped the remainder of his sandwich into his mouth, washing it down with half a bottle of superwater as Tony met Steve's eyes, giving him a questioning shrug.
"Fury doesn't miss a beat, does he?" Tony said as Steve polished off his third sandwich. "I swear that man could go to his own ma's funeral in the morning, and then be back at work in the afternoon."
"Hey, I know guys that got engaged when they were seventeen and then got married on their eighteenth birthday," said Uncle Bucky. "Or knew, I guess. They're probably all dead by now."
"Are you kidding? Heck yeah!" Peter exclaimed as he gingerly sat up. He could at least sip a milkshake without needing it fed to him. "Is it chocolate?"
she said in her strong Irish lilt, smiling as she held out her hand for the boy. She was just as beautiful as Steve remembered, dressed in her favourite blue dress and matching hat, clothes that Steve's papa had purchased for her right before he was shipped off to war.
Fumbling for his keys, Tony finally managed to get the door unlocked on the third try, waving off the military goons as he stepped inside the black-as-pitch living room and set his stack of stuff down on the coffee table. Then he slumped down onto the overstuffed couch, tipping his head back as he rubbed at his aching temples. It had been a very long, very exhausting day, but Tony knew that he couldn't rest yet. Not until everything that he'd prepared for the new Air Corps class was completed to his satisfaction.
No, that was silly. Of course Tony could make it work. There had never been anything he hadn't been able to make work once he set his mind to it.
"You know that's not what I meant," Steve replied. He dropped his chin to his chest, breathing in a slow, deep breath, the frigid air searing through his throat and down into his lungs. He and Tony had already bickered at least three times over what Tony had called his excessive hovering, and he was in no mood to go through it again. "I just want—"
And while he was better now, according to Sam, Steve knew he would never be able to be truly rid of everything he had experienced, which was why it was so important for him to keep working at it.
"Yeah, I noticed you seemed kind of out of it at practise today," Gwen said, fiddling with the end of her blonde ponytail. "You were flipping your pen so fast that I could barely see it. Something going on?"
"Mmm, I love you too." Tony tipped his head up, kissing the sensitive spot on the underside of Steve's jaw, grinning as he shivered. "Please, be careful, yeah? All you guys? There's no telling what you're flying into, so—"
"Well, I don't know what else to tell you," Bucky said as he got to his feet. "I guess I'll see you at dinner?"
"Steve?" he heard as soon as the empty, darkened plain appeared before him, dotted with the light of distant stars. It was Tony.
"Tony," Tony said. "Please, ma'am, if you don't mind, call me Tony." He had never been comfortable with being addressed as Mr Stark. All it did was remind him of Howard.
At first Steve was too choked up to reply, shocked almost senseless by Peter’s overt display of affection.
"Uhh," he finally managed, realising just then that his hands had found their way to Gwen's waist, almost on their own accord, and had her eyes always been such a vibrant shade of green or was he only noticing them now, 'cause they were
And all the while, learning how to be spouses again. How to comfort each other, how to lean on each other, and how to back off when one of them needed some space for a little while.
"Go, go, go, get out of here!" Peter yelled, pointing towards the doors before grabbing onto another seatback and throwing it as well, widening the hole enough for the rest of the group to get through. Less than a split-second later the demon roared again, swinging its flaming arm and hitting the row of seats where Peter was perched, forcing him up onto the last remaining wall as it began to advance towards him, its creepy-ass face twisting into something that resembled a proud, triumphant smile.
Tony reached for Steve's hand as soon as he backed away from Peter's bed, leading him silently back to their bedroom. Then he crawled back up onto the bed and opened his arms, and Steve didn't hesitate for one second to dive right into them, tucking his head securely under Tony's chin. He breathed in deeply, inhaling the delicious scent of his husband, allowing it to envelope him like a warm blanket. Tony's arms were like a sanctuary, the one place where Steve knew without a doubt that it was okay to let down his guard and allow his fears to come to the surface, however temporarily.
He wasn't a baby anymore. It was time he started being able to handle certain things himself, even if Dad and Papa didn't seem to want to admit it.
Tony grinned as he opened his arms, his heart fluttering when Peter stepped right into them.  His boy may be growing up, but Tony was beyond grateful that he hadn’t yet outgrown his love of hugs.
"You'll always have a place here with us, Thor," Papa said. "But we definitely understand that you need to be with your own people."
"We're the Avengers, man!" Peter exclaimed. "And yes, my name's Peter too, so can you please take your blaster thingy away from my head now? Before you give my dad a heart attack?"
So instead, after he'd thanked her and hung up the phone, Steve had just laid there on his bunk in the dark with his hands clasped beneath his head and his mind swirling with ideas, things, and people that he'd had no idea even existed a week or so ago.
It really all depends on what kind of medals they are.  Two golds, in the 100 free and the 4x100 relay, would net him around fifty thousand dollars after taxes, which would be enough to cover the last three rounds of Ma’s chemo treatments and the six months of missed mortgage payments on the house, hopefully ensuring that she’ll be able to keep it.
The man never forgot anything. Not even some silly throwaway comment that Tony had made because he'd been too nervous to stop yammering.
“Uh huh.”  As Peter swims, he uses his breaths on the breaststroke laps to keep an eye on Dad and Mr Rogers as they talk, almost snorting water up his nose when he sees Dad shuffle from foot to foot as Mr Rogers starts to laugh at something he said.
Peter's huge brown eyes were glassy as he let out a very junky cough. "Uh huh. But… um… do you think you could do me a quick favour before you go?"
"So far, Captain," answered JARVIS. "However, I am keeping the exit point as a floating variable until you and Captain Danvers are closer to the atmospheric barrier."
"We don't—we don't have to do anything," Steve said, obviously mistaking Tony's silence for hesitation. "I just… I'd love to be able to hold you while I sleep."
Roughly five hours and three successful simulated space launches later, Steve climbed out of his cockpit, practically buzzing from all of the adrenaline coursing through his body. The simulations that Anthony had designed were the most realistic that Steve had ever seen in all of his years of flying. He had literally felt like he was flying into space all three times, and based on the look of awe on Bucky's face he was thinking the exact same thing.
"So tired, Uncle Bucky!" Peter said, his words slurred like he was drunk. "Just wanna sleep! Want nothing!"
Howard gulped, raising his hands. "Tony, look, I know you're upset, and you have every right to be, but—"
"I don't believe that he was trying to interfere with police business, sir," Peter said quietly. "I believe he was only trying to help."
"I am really glad that I don't work at a lighthouse or something," he muttered. He slid his glasses off, rubbing at his eyes and trying to blink them back into focus when something shiny suddenly appeared in the far upper right-hand corner of his screen, almost like it was reflecting the moonlight.
Steve had thought that he'd discovered the limit to his panicking ability when he saw Peter fall into the fire pit at the HYDRA bunker, but even that didn't compare to the horror he felt when he saw Peter disappear under the water. The thought of his beloved son frozen in ice, drowning, and knowing exactly what it felt like… how terrifying it was…
"Holy shit!" Peter exclaimed, wincing as he shot Tony an apologetic look. "Sorry, but… whoa! You actually held the Power Stone in your hand? That's insane!"
not really up for it," Tony said casually, as if they hadn't just recently listened to a government official try and smear Steve and the Avengers across the entire United States Senate. Steve felt his jaw tightening again, and he took another sip of his tea, trying to force himself to calm down. Tony wasn't trying to minimise or ignore what was happening, he was just compartmentalising it.
"At least the Avengers were close and got there fast," added Ned. "Before too many people could get hurt."
a sympathetic look. "Sir, I do not envy you in preparing for those court martials. Those are gonna be some real doozies."
Tony moved closer, keeping his eyes locked with Steve as he retracted his left arm gauntlet, showing Steve the wedding ring that he'd placed on Tony's finger over two years ago.
"Course he's good," Peter mumbled, barely loud enough for Tony to hear. "More time for him to stare at Papa with no shirt on."
"Steve?" Peter asked as soon as he emerged from the bathroom, his small, fragile steps chipping away at Steve's heart like an ice pick. "Are you okay? You look kinda funny."
Peter maybe wasn't an official superhero, but he was strong and fast and… well… sticky enough to be able to defend himself if necessary, and especially against someone who wasn't enhanced. And as far as anyone knew, George Stacy was just a regular guy who happened to be a police chief. There was no way he'd be able to beat Peter in a fight.
Tony shrugged as he crawled under the covers next to Peter, snuggling up as close as he dared without waking him. "With Pym, I s'pose anything's possible. But as long as Phillips doesn't need you to do something about it right this second, I suggest that we go to sleep before we both just keel over. Yeah?"
Shuffling onto the ship, Tony immediately grimaced at the stale, musky smell, one that reminded him way too much of the Compound's gym after one of Clint and Bucky's sparring sessions. The smell was so overwhelming at first that Tony had to briefly stick his head back outside, swallowing down the rising bile in his throat.
Tony tosses him a frown over his shoulder as he raises his right arm, manually activating his repulsor to use as a flashlight.
"Mmm, why do you think I do it?" Tony said, rather cheekily. "I can never get enough of those cute noises that you make."
"Oh, and please allow me to introduce my new friend here," Thor said, indicating the walking tree. "This is Tree."
There were a few minor differences, but other than the smaller size and slightly different shading patterns on the mother bird's wings, it was almost an exact carbon copy of the drawing that Tony had tacked to the corkboard in his office, behind his computer. The drawing that Peter had given him.
"The hospital people are here now, buddy, and they're gonna take good care of you," he said. "I'll make sure of it."
"Yeah, he's okay," Sam assured him. "He still has his bad days every now and then, but… don't we all?"
Slowly, Papa stood up, his blue eyes too tortured for Peter to even look at as he reached for him, wrapping his arms around him.
"All right." Tony pulled back, trying to look stern even though he knew he was utterly failing. "But don't you ever,
"Yeah, which is why we wanted to see if you wanted to toss the ball around a bit," said Sam. "How long's it been since you last hit a baseball, anyway?"
Steve let out a groan that was so loud and wanton that it sent shivers of hot pleasure rippling through Tony's body. "Uhh, pretty—pretty fast. I… um…"
"Happy New Year, JARVIS," he said once he'd started the dishwasher in the cozy kitchen. He and Peter had managed to get JARVIS fully programmed into the house over the summer, and Tony was grateful for the extra layer of security that the UI provided, as well as the familiar comfort of his voice.
"No, I don't think so," said Tony. "The Meridians may have been able to copy the design but not necessarily the power source. Not only is the arc reactor damn tricky to build, there's no way to fly into space using the standard power source, so unless I find something else while I'm poking around, I'm gonna go with a 'no' on that one."
Blinking his eyes back open, Peter returned his gaze to the screen, jerking his head back in surprise when he noticed that the gibberish had somehow changed. He leaned closer, narrowing his eyes, his mouth falling open as he watched the text literally morph back into the original Russian characters that were displayed when he first opened the file, almost like they were animated.
"Because he knew he was safe with you, sweetheart," Steve murmured. "He knew that you would always protect him, no matter what."
The timing was especially sucky for Dad, since his birthday was at the end of May. Peter and Papa had gone out of their way to try and make it extra special for him this year, and Peter knew that Dad had appreciated it. It was just hard for him sometimes to forget that on his birthday six years ago, he and Peter were being held prisoner by terrorists hired to capture them by his very own mentor.
Tony huffed out a sharp breath, his fingernails digging into Steve's biceps. "I need that gorgeous mouth of yours on me, babe," he choked out. "And, like, as soon as possible."
"Well, all right," said Natasha, a slight smirk playing on her lips. "But you know what usually happens when we leave Bucky, Sam, and Clint idle for too long."
"Papa usually is." Dad clapped a hand on Peter's shoulder as they headed towards the kitchen, where Papa presented him with what looked to be at least a litre-sized cup filled with cold chocolate deliciousness. Peppermint had always been his favourite ice cream flavour, but since he couldn't have it anymore, chocolate it was.
Steve grinned, almost like a predator as he took hold of Tony's hips, guiding him up. He was already hard again, as per his usual, his blown blue eyes piercing in the dim light as Tony lined him up and slowly sank down on him. He let out a soft moan once Steve was fully inside him, pleasure shooting through his body like a rocket as Steve buried his face into Tony's shoulder, his hands gliding up and down Tony's back as Tony began to move.
Tony moaned as Steve kissed back to his lips, his tongue slipping inside his mouth to taste him as Tony rolled his hips up against him. "I'm just—I just want you, honey."
"Tony and Peter were taken away from Earth in pursuit of the Time Stone," he continued. "So if I had to guess, I'd say that Thanos decided to go after it first."
"Right," said Tony. "And Hank was brilliant, but he wasn't at Howard's level, and he's not at mine or Pete's either. So when the weapon was deployed it ended up being a lot more destructive than he'd originally calculated. And because of that he ended up killing not only about a hundred times more people than the military leaders had deemed acceptable, he also ended up killing his own wife."
"Not exactly," answered Steve with a light chuckle. "There weren't really many opportunities for home-cooked meals in the Army."
"I'll be fine, Tony," Steve said quietly, very grateful for JARVIS's subroutine that filtered out their private conversations from the Avengers' comms. He rolled his shoulders, trying to work out some of the tension locked deep inside. "I am looking forward to getting home."
And good for him, since the Aminacin had caused most of the people who took it to explode, and almost ended up killing Dad.
"Yeah, it does," answered Steve, looking out the big kitchen windows. While there was still a thin layer of snow covering most of the yard, the sun was bright, the trees were starting to bud, and the ice covering the lake was starting to break apart.
"No, I wouldn't have," Gwen said firmly. "Because no matter what you might still think, going down to that place alone was not the right choice. You could've been captured, or—or killed, and then who would've known how to find you, hmm? You were gonna leave the dance without even saying goodbye to me, Peter, so how would I have known where you'd gone? And you can't tell me that your dad, or your papa, or any of the rest of the Avengers have ever gone anywhere by themselves, right? No, because they haven't. They always go as a team."
Rhodes let out a sigh as he and Tony wrapped their arms around Steve's waist. "Yeah, she and I both figured that, but… well, you know Carol. She's not gonna stay here on the ground if she thinks she can be useful up there."
"Hey, I have never claimed to be Bruce Banner, okay?" Clint said. "So there is absolutely nothing wrong with me not understanding their goddamn theoretical trigo-calculus, or whatever the hell it is that they're doing."
"Steve," Tony said, brushing his fingers across his lips. "Just… stop, okay? I shouldn't—I shouldn't've said that, and I—"
"But I'm sure Papa's got everything under control," Dad added, probably to convince himself as much as Peter. "You know him. I'll bet you he's already got everyone in line down there in Wakanda."
Tony nodded, leaning against Steve’s arm, and smiling as he wrapped it around his shoulders.  He’d never called Peter an angel before, but now that he thought about it, it certainly seemed to fit him.
"That's it, you assholes," he muttered, briefly wincing at his awful language as he stared down the approaching missile, counting down the seconds in his mind.
"We all did," Natasha said quickly, giving Clint's wrist a squeeze. "But none of us as much as Clint and Dr Selvig. Their effects were… more direct."
"As you can see, the overall hull design of the X-302 is quite similar to the X-301 and the cockpit is essentially the same, so you won't have to learn an entirely new set of controls. The main difference is in the layout of the engines, which exchanges one large central engine for two smaller twin engines. This will allow for the aircraft to still function in the event of a single engine failure and hopefully prevent possible aircraft destruction, as well as pilot injuries. There is also—"
"I don't even notice it most of the time," Gwen added. "They've been noisy pretty much since they were born, so I guess I'm just used to it."
"Not anymore!" Thanos said as he raised the gauntlet again, the glowing stone jumping briefly from red to purple as he swung his arm, knocking T'Challa out of the way as easily as if he were a piece of paper.
If not right away, when Steve tried to brush off the rather icy shoulder Ma offered Brock as just her getting used to Steve being gay, then he at least should’ve gotten a clue later on, before things spiralled as badly as they did.
Peter grunted, sucking in air through his teeth as he thought how best to condense such a moment into a single sentence. "Ah, the Solidarity Movement began as a Polish labour union in one of their shipyards, and eventually grew powerful enough to win control of the government from the Polish Communists in the late 1980s."
Like most of the Langaran Air Corps widows, Sarah Rogers had been well-aware of the risks that went along with being married to a pilot, and especially one that flew experimental aircraft. But losing her husband when she was eight months pregnant had been devastating nonetheless, and she had always told Steve that she had specifically chosen to not fall in love again because she was certain that she wouldn't be able to withstand another loss like that.
Tony's eyes narrowed as he swerved to get in front of the rude-as-hell doctor. "Circus clown?" he said through clenched teeth. "That's my son, you ungrateful son of a bitch! And since he just saved your magical ass, how about showing him a little goddamn appreciation!"
"All right." With a final fidget, Grandma stepped back, smiling as she looked Peter over from head to toe. "Oh, my sweet boy, you're just so handsome," she said as she cupped Peter's cheek in her hand. "A true heartbreaker."
He had just closed out the screen when the conference room door flew open and Beck rushed into the room, a large tablet under his arm and a harried look on his face.
"Mmm. I think you don't give yourself enough credit," muttered Steve. "You and Peter are so alike, in so many ways. Most of what he knows he's learned from you."
"Mmm," grumbled Peter. "'Cept I'm such a big hero that I can't seem to keep myself awake whenever anything bad happens. What good is a hero who's always falling asleep on the job?"
"Well, you might say I'm a volunteer of sorts," he said. "My friend, Sharon, who's your nurse, invites me to come and visit with the sick kids sometimes. She says it helps them to feel better."
Ms Sharon patted his shoulder, giving him a sympathetic smile. "You're welcome, sweetie. I'm off tomorrow, so I'll see you the day after that, all right?"
Tony laughed as he took Steve's arm, one of those delightful laughs that never failed to make Steve smile. "We definitely shall, honey. And I love the way you think."
"That's my boy," Dad said proudly. "'Cause hell knows whenever I found myself at some pretty girl's house when I was sixteen, the last thing on my mind was studying."
"It's not mooching if I offer it as a gift," Steve countered. He dipped his head, kissing Tony softly on the lips. "Which is exactly what it is. Now, if I just happened to hope that even with a freshly cleaned house you'll still want to spend your nights with me, then I suppose that might be just a bit selfish on my part, but—"
And since drug companies, or at least their CEO's, tended to donate heavily to political campaigns, it didn't take a genius to follow the logic there.
"That's all right, Captain Barnes," Tony said. "I honestly wasn't expecting any of you to make it on the first try."
"Ohh, but you are ready for me, aren't you?" Tony whispered, pulling another guttural grown from Steve's throat as his long fingers finally curled around his aching cock. He slowly stroked him as his free hand glided across his collarbones and down his pecs to his abdomen, contracting with every single touch. "Fuck, Steve, you're just too goddamn pretty!"
"No, no, no!" Peter cried as he struggled to free himself from the vice-like grip of the thing's metal claws as it flew higher and higher, until he was at least twenty metres up and directly over the lake.
"Yeah, that makes sense," Steve said softly. He attempted a smile. "I should've known you would understand, since you're the master at fathering."
Steve," Tony said. "You and Pete, you both have all these grandiose ideas about saving the world and blah, blah, blah, but if either of you think that I'll be able to survive if something bad were to happen, then—"
"Oh I'm sure he would have tried, but would he have been able to is the real question, hmm?" The general waved a dismissive hand, turning to pour himself another generous shot of the whisky. His back was only turned for a few seconds, but it was still long enough for Steve to sneak a glance at the pad of paper sitting near the edge of the large round table. The paper was blank, but with the way the sunlight was streaming in through the floor-to-ceiling windows, Steve could just barely make out the imprint of two words left behind from the torn off pages.
"I will," Peter said, attempting a smile. Then he reached for the open bus window, trying to calculate if it was wide enough for him to slip through when Ned's head suddenly whipped around, his eyes going so wide that they nearly popped out of his head.
"Oh, tell me more, honey," Tony said with a grin. "You know how much I love it when you get to thinking."
And now, once Tony was able to double-check everything through JARVIS, it was ready to present to Colonel Phillips. The colonel had put off their originally scheduled meeting, saying that something else had come up, and while Tony had initially been frustrated by the delay he was now grateful for it.
"I love you, buddy," he said as he gave Peter his forehead kiss. "Papa and I will be back as soon as we can, okay? Don't be giving your grandma any trouble."
My family is on vacation this week, so next week’s chapter will probably post a bit later on Monday than usual.  I hope everyone has a great week!
Billions that had apparently included not only Peter, but Uncle Bucky, Uncle Sam, Wanda, Gwen's mom and two of her brothers, and probably dozens more of Peter's classmates and teachers.
Once they arrived in Wakanda, though, they would be on their own, as the devices would not be connected to the JARVIS of the past.
"No! Oh, God!" Steve screamed, his heart dropping to his knees as he watched his husband disappear below the surface. His cry of agony caused the creature to turn towards him and let out another roar, this one even louder and more bone-rattling than the first. Steve instinctively clapped his hands over his ears, sucking in a deep breath as he took off running towards the trees where his shield was stuck, managing to get there just before the thing swung again, hitting the trees and knocking the shield loose. Steve caught it and immediately launched it again, this time hitting the creature just below where its neck would have been.
"Not now, Pete," Tony said. He stopped as he arrived at what appeared to be the massive steering contraption, shooting Peter a side-eye. "Let's just figure this out, yeah?"
Tony had been fully aware that Project Phoenix would completely overhaul their entire world, especially since that'd been pretty much the entire point of it. But not even he could've predicted all the ways that things had changed in the last six months or so. Not only had the planetary energy crisis been completely abolished, but because energy was no longer a commodity that needed to be bought and sold—or price-gouged, as it were—every single citizen in both Langara and Meridia could now enjoy luxuries that were once considered so out-of-reach that they had been nothing but mere fantasies.
"No, no, not quite yet," Tony answered. "I wanna run some more checks on the security protocols and the command codes first."
"Perhaps," said General Okoye. "But you are referring to an object that is absolutely sacred to our people. An object that under no circumstances would we want to see damaged."
"C'mon, Spider-Man, c'mon Spider-Man!" he grunted, his muscles straining against the thick glass and solid steel of the window, finally working it open enough to squeeze through just as another sentry suit passed behind him.
"Mr Stark?" Steve said again. "If we're going to allow you to run this procedure on our son, I'd appreciate an answer to my question."
Steve's lips twitched. He personally hadn't enough encounters with regular civilians to formulate an opinion of them one way or another, but he knew the same couldn't be said for some of his predecessors, or even his teammates. The pilots in the Langaran Air Corps were rather proud, as were pretty much all the members of the Langaran military, and with that pride came the tendency to look down upon some of the non-military members of society.
"No, you told me what you thought I wanted to hear," said Steve. He trailed his fingertips along Tony's cheekbone, the touch just as feather-light as he was strong. "Right?"
"Accuracy is now to within 0.00001%, sir," JARVIS said. "And I do not believe it is possible to improve upon that."
"Stop, babe, it wasn't your fault," Tony murmured into Steve's hair. "It was Killian's. Killian was trying to kill Pete, but you stopped him. And you saved Peter, honey, you saved both of us. Pete and I are both alive because of you."
"And you'll never have to," Ma said firmly. She gave each of them a quick but strong hug. "I'll see you tomorrow."
"Whatever you say, honey," Tony mumbled into his pillow, his muscles already turning to mush. The bruises that he'd had on his back from the Hammer suits had taken a pretty long time to heal, with new ones emerging as the older ones faded, but they had all finally disappeared during their first week in Ireland, so while Tony didn't think Steve needed to be as careful as he was, he wasn't about to complain about the way his husband's hands were currently running across his body.
He let the datapad fall onto his lap, his hands dropping to his sides as he slumped back against the pillows, struggling to breathe in.
"Yeah, well, like the Colonel likes to say, things are a lot different now," Uncle Bucky said. "Including getting invited to your girlfriend's house to meet her parents when you're still gettin' to know each other."
Sliding off the bed, Steve made his way back to the bathroom, returning with a warm washcloth to clean the mess from Tony's stomach. Then he crawled back under the covers, this time positioning Tony with his head resting on his chest so Tony could hear his heartbeat.
Gwen halted him with a harsh look. "Okay, now you're just being a bit over the top, don't you think? Peter, Dr Banner is the foremost expert—"
It took nearly all of Steve's force of will to detangle himself from Tony's arms and walk away, turning once more to give him a final wave before disappearing around the corner. He walked back to his barracks room on autopilot, slumping against the door as soon as it closed behind him, his entire body tingling and his mind swimming.
Uncle Bucky must have warned Dad and Papa to stay away since the monster was attracted to metal. Or at least, non-Asgardian metal.
Someone was trying to get Ultron, whatever it was, to completely take over the Phoenix satellites, and that was something that Peter could not allow. Having the Phoenix system in the hands of anyone besides JARVIS would be such a massive catastrophe that it would put the Battle of the Continents to shame, setting the entire planet right back to where they started.
"Yeah, no shit," Tony muttered. He cupped Steve's jaw, pressing a slow kiss to that sweet spot that always turned Steve's knees to jelly. "Can you do me a favour, though?"
Tony thought, clearing his throat. "Thank you, Mr Beck. Go ahead and proceed with your presentation."
"Now, how 'bout we swerve onto something a bit more fun, hmm?" Sam said as he leaned forward. "About those Mets…"
Every single time. At least he'd remembered to bring Peter a new notebook since Dad had taken his old one. Peter couldn't wait to hear how JARVIS was going.
And yet, here Steve was, still trying to work up the courage to tell Tony something that he probably should've told him weeks ago.
His cheeks flaming, Peter rested his chin on his tall stack of books for the rest of the fifteen-minute homeroom period, subtly watching the clock so he could brace himself for the shrill ring of the bell. He was out of his seat as soon as it rang, practically sprinting down the hallway towards his physics class with Ned right on his heels, trying to keep up.
"It's gonna be nice to get out of the city, don't you think, hon?" Tony asked once they had crawled into bed, Steve's chest firmly pressed against Tony's back. They were heading back to Malibu in the morning on Tony's private airplane, intending to spend the summer relaxing, playing on the beach, and going to Disneyland.
"C'mon, Buck," Steve murmured as he pulled up with all his might, the burning canopy searing right through the fabric of his gloves and into his skin. "C'mon, Bucky, don't die on me now! Not now!" He let out an agonising grunt of pain as the canopy slid about a centimetre, just barely enough for him to get his fingertips down a bit deeper. "C'mon, c'mon, c'mon!"
Which was yet another reason why he was certain Project Phoenix would be a success. In Steve's opinion, failure simply was not an option.
Steve thinks as a wall of shame suddenly hits him like a sledgehammer.  A massive shiver ripples through his body, and he gasps, wrapping his arms around his front.
And while some were obviously used, with crease lines along the spines and a few slight dog-ears on the corners, almost two-thirds of the books looked to be brand-new copies of old printings.  Novels with their original covers instead of the updated film-adaptation versions, and first editions of popular titles like
The chambers grew so quiet that Tony could've heard a pin drop, but Tony was so upset that he barely registered it. How
Tony winced, remembering the eerie look in Strange's eyes as he explained to Tony his dire prediction. Over fourteen million different possible outcomes, and only two of those that could lead to Thanos' defeat.
Bruce gave a sigh. "He managed to break three of the fingers on his right hand and two on the left, plus his knuckles are bruised all to hell. We've got him splinted up, and with his healing factor they should all heal just fine in a few days. It was good that Tony stopped him when he did though, you don't wanna mess around with the hands too much. Too many bones to get displaced."
"Yeah, okay," Sam said as he angled the jet slightly downward, ordering Clint to reset the flaps. "But if we end up crashing, I'm gonna insist that this doesn't count against my piloting record."
was the kind of camaraderie they had all managed to forge, despite the Air Corps doing everything it possibly could to keep those types of bonds from forming.
"Guess I may as well get started," Peter mumbled as he pulled up the corresponding website, which showed a list of the bills in PDF form. He scrolled through the list, bypassing several that he assumed would be chosen by his classmates since they were short, and therefore quicker to read through.
"Actually, I thought you were beautiful, " Steve said as an adorable pink blush crept up his neck to his cheeks. "And as soon as I thought it, I felt ashamed." He shrugged, shaking his head. "I didn't know at the time that it was okay for me to think that about another man. It'd been taboo my entire life, and—"
Which likely meant that they were trying to mess with his memories again, and that he really had no idea how long it had been since he had been taken.
Steve dropped his head, twirling Tony's wedding ring around his finger. While it wasn't as loose as it had been when he'd first arrived home after the battle, it was still more wobbly than Steve would've preferred. Despite all of the progress they had both made in the last few months, there were still times, usually around a holiday or some other especially memorable time, when Tony's mood would dip too low and he would shut down again. Steve hated those times. Hated having to cajole and beg and plead with his husband not to slip away from him again. To remind him that Steve loved him, and that he needed him.
"Wait, what?" he exclaimed, giving his head a quick shake. "Uncle Thor lost an eye? What the hell happened to him, was it Loki?"
Steve glanced down at their joined hands, his gloved fingers tightening around Tony's armoured palm. "I'm sorry, sweetheart," he murmured, his voice shaking. "But I can't—"
"Mr—Mr Stark, I'm so sorry, we didn't know that he's allergic to peppermint," Gwen said. "And my mom made a cake, and—"
Steve and Sam were just finishing up their session when Tony stepped into the penthouse, Steve's worry wrinkle taking hold the second he glanced in Tony's direction.
“Okay, so… let me get this straight,” said Obie.  “You're telling me that you’re gonna take the word of some woman who’s halfway across the world and in the middle of an active war zone that the U.S. has no stake in, over the advice of your own CFO?  Is that really what you're telling me?”
"Oh, I know that, Captain. I just…" Tears welled in Gwen's pretty eyes, spilling down her pale cheeks. "I just wish that… you know, Peter sensed that ship, when it came to New York. Before he saw it hovering there over the street, he somehow knew it was there, and… well… he had just taken a picture of the two of us, on his phone, and after he showed it to me, I asked him if he could take one with my phone too, but… that was right when he sensed the ship, and after that—well… he just knew that he needed to go and help. He said that you and Mr Stark would need his help 'cause it was gonna be even worse than you guys had thought it would be, and—and—"
"Um… some more coffee would be nice," Tony finally said. He scrubbed his palm down his face, sliding on his glasses. "The headache's starting to come back, so…"
Unfortunately, even though he'd already sent three balls sailing over Bucky's head in left-centerfield the ache was still there, like a loose thread in his flight suit that was just sharp enough to chafe his skin if he moved the wrong way.
"Yes, I mean hide," continued Dr Strange. "We should hide so that when Thanos arrives, I'm the only person he sees. The rest of you should be placed at strategic points so as to be able to launch the attack simultaneously."
"How bad is the pain, Peter, on a scale of one to ten?" asked Dr Cho as she tested Peter's reflexes.
He felt Tony's hand suddenly jerk in his own as Howard called out ninety percent. "Steve, honey, you're squeezing my hand too hard—"
"See ya, Dad!" Peter called from the lake, waving as Steve steered their small fishing boat away from the dock.
And then Tony slid his hand under Steve's ass, squeezing it as he hummed around him, and Steve cried out as he came, harder than he had in a long, long time.
but anyway—and I've gotta say, it's not exactly what I would call up to snuff, if you know what I mean."
"Spoken like a true artist," Papa said with a wink. Then he stepped over to the window, leaning against the frame with his arms crossed.
"Won't be for too much longer," Peter muttered as he shut down his computers and stacked them on his bedside table along with his glasses. Dad had mentioned at dinner that the MAUDE glasses were just about ready, so as long as Uncle Bucky was still up for it, they were planning on running the experiment sometime during the upcoming weekend.
"Okay, I am sure that I don't wanna know," said Sam as he and Rhodey met Tony in midair. "What's up?"
"Yeah, hon, we're all good up here," Tony answered, breathing out a sharp sigh of relief when he noticed both Rhodey and Sam flying towards him. "We're all good."
"Probably just can't believe that his old man actually got asked out," Tony muttered. "Oh well. Long as the kid's happy." He looked up at the clock again, gulping when he saw it was already 2045. From what Tony had already seen of Steve the man was never late for anything, which meant he only had to amuse himself for about another fifteen minutes until he showed up.
“Yes,” Tony hissed the word like it was acid on his tongue. He still wasn’t looking up at Steve and it unnerved the super soldier.
“…Yes, Sir, maximum thrust should be able to do it but it will require both hand repulsors, at full charge, for full body removal…” Jarvis paused like the AI always did when delivering bad news. It was a long pause, longer than most, and Tony patiently waited. Jarvis eventually continued, “Sir, such heat on the human body, even with his healing abilities, I don’t think Master Parker –.”
Steve woke with this knowledge, knowing a lot of time must have passed since he last saw Peter’s retreating figure, and he slowly opened his eyes, afraid of what he was going to see…
Howard turned off the welder and ripped off his mask. His hands began to tremble again as he brought the chip and reactor together. It didn’t click in as easily as it had last time. From the corner of his eye, he saw Steve and Tony clutch each other closer.
Tony sat at the counter and began to dig into the food. He explained, “Bruce wouldn’t come if I didn’t have a way to stop him if he Hulked out. So I created the Hulkbuster.”
Tony pushed the chip back in and was relieved to see the reactor accept it. It’d work for now but, it felt wrong to put such a damaged piece of equipment into the reactor.
Peter was back but the pain lingered even though it was years later. Whenever he had to go to space again, he’d do so with the memory of once losing his son and the knowledge that this could be it, this could be the mission the Sinister Six murder his son.
Steve sighed and was tempted to start their argument all over again. But then he looked at the shorter man and all his arguments dwindled away.
Bucky’s eyes flashed white as he lifted his gaze to Steve. He growled, “The fruity yuck who was kissing you?”
Steve wrapped his right arm around his face to attempt to protect it, his left arm hung uselessly at his side thanks to his shoulder's dislocation, but he could feel his skin blister and melt despite his actions. His uniform was made to combat intense heat but he could feel the fire eat away at it. He had to move now. If he did not move he was going to die.
“Fondue here I come!” Tony yelled loud enough for everyone to hear, “And when I say come I am talking about ejaculation because Steve and I are going to have amazing sex!”
“Stark,” Fury retorted, making his name sound like an offense. “So nice of you to pick up. I need to speak to you about serious business.”
“The whole reason this happened was because Wade was trying to save your life,” Steve replied. “He succeeded and we were willing to risk everything to keep it that way.”
“No!” Stark hissed, “Steve was confused, scared, and lonely and I offered him a place to stay and a new identity as he figured things out!”
Wade turned to her in time to see her begin to fall with Brock’s foot in front of hers being the cause of her sudden shift in gravity. The glow around her hands disappeared when she hit the ground. Wade immediately turned back to Peter in time to see the magenta magic encasing him disappear. He too fell…but his body jolted to a stop, inches above the ground. The fall saved Peter from getting his head bitten off as Venom only but at air where Peter’s head had once been. But Venom’s tendrils had cut right through him and were skewered into the ground as the very things holding Peter up.
Tony tripped over his own feet and that flush to his cheeks grew. Steve turned to where the time traveler had stumbled to a stop. Tony was staring at him like he’d grow two extra heads, making Steve feel a little subconscious. Maybe it was too soon…How long did real couples wait? He never asked Bucky how many dates it usually took him until he asked a dame to bed.
Steve wordlessly lay his arm across Tony's shoulders and, surprisingly, kept him in his embrace. The move was Steve nonverbally telling Tony he was forgiven and Tony sighed in relief.
Tony collapsed on top of Steve and they lay there panting lightly together. Steve’s heart beat frantically beneath his ear and it was like a resounding assertion of his being alive. Tony pressed his face deeper into Steve’s chest to feel his heartbeat better and remind himself he hadn’t lost his brave soldier yet.
Steve pulled him into a tight but gentle embrace and wetly gasped, “Why are you apologizing? You’re the one who’s –who’s –.”
“See what happens when you hang out with my ex-girlfriends,” Tony commented, trying, in his own way, to comfort her.
Tony had been sleeping so much the last few days that he doubted he would fall asleep. Instead, he spent his time studying his husband. In his hold, the younger man was sleeping peacefully with heavy limbs and soft muscles.
The judge slammed his gavel and yelled, “Sit down, Mr. Stark! If I hear one more outburst from you, I will have you removed from the court!”
Peter rolled his eyes with a chuckled. Nailed it. He replied: ‘I am not going to write fanfiction about my parents. Ew.’
Tony’s heart compressed painfully, and he wondered if he was going too fast or if it was all too much for the Winter Soldier. Bucky looked like Tony had just gutted him.
Wade’s eyes opened by little slits, enough for Peter to see the blue of his eyes, and he stared down at him questionably.
Utter mortification destroyed all the lust in him and Steve hurriedly tucked himself back in. He felt blood flush his cheeks and it burned as hot as fire. His cock ached painfully as he tucked it away and Steve winced.
“Oh, I'm sooo sorry, babe,” Tony winced. He pulled himself off the rest of Steve more gently and murmured, “Are you okay?”
Steve shook his head. He would stop running by Tony’s place. He had to trust that Cable was right about the Goblin and that the monster wouldn’t hurt this timeline’s Tony. He stated to Tony, “I am just a man using running to keep himself distracted…”
Tony grinned sheepishly and said, “Nah, I had a lead last night and chased it. But it brought me nowhere…”
Still touching his lip, he looked at her and the significance of the memory came racing back to him.
Tony rubbed Steve’s back and pressed a kiss onto his shoulder to try and comfort him. He was not showing it, but Tony could tell he needed it.
Tony curled his fingers around Steve’s and his thumb brushed the back of his hand in a soft caress. He leaned in and whispered to Steve, “No, thank you.”
He and his family seemed to stand at a tense crossroads. Both Peter and Steve were looking at Tony, waiting for a reply. Peter could see a war being waged in Tony’s gaze. He didn’t want to acquiesce so easily. But, eventually, he tersely agreed, “Fine. We will ‘meet’ him.”
“I’m just looking,” Steve replied innocently, he looked up to Tony’s face, wearing the most innocent expression he could muster. Tony scoffed when they made eye contact.
!” Natasha hissed. She grabbed him roughly and drew him away from her soulmate but the insane man took the opportunity to lunge at her. She and Tony fell back together and Barnes snarled at Natasha.
“And you always rushed in,” Bucky stated with a grin. Steve had never seen Bucky smile so much, Steve was dazzled by it.
They broke it and their eyes sought each other’s immediately. Through their gazes, they communicated with each other their mutual love and adoration.
Tony ignored the danger and crossed the room to kneel in front of the Winter Soldier. He begged, “Please tell me where he is. Tell me where Steve is or that machine. Just tell me so we can save him before Schmidt hurts him anymore.”
He took every offer for an interview for magazines, talk shows, and newspapers. He spoke at schools and toured museums. He soon was even accepting missions and created a friendship with his SHIELD liaisons, Natasha and Phil.
Gabe smirked and then said, "Frenchie wants to know if Tony here is a boring mechanic or a fun one."
Steve’s eyes flashed, he quickly separated the distance between them, and he crowded Tony against the stairs. Steve whispered, “You have absolutely no idea what this will do to me and how much I want this.”
“Me and Agent Romanoff are going to discuss the finer points of Sambo over by the reflecting pool. In the meantime, you still need to talk to Stevie.”
Peter sighed lightly to himself. He was going to be babied by the Avengers for the next few days. He nodded to his dad and replied, “Yeah, bring him in.”
“Your mess and my mess just fit,” Peter retorted, lightly kissing one damp cheek followed by the other. Peter lay back down and snuggled his way back to where he had been before and whispered, “You weren’t the only broken one…You are my miracle too.”
The words were harsh and Tony withered under them. He lay limply in his hold and dropped his gaze, whispering, “Soon…a few days…when you finally face off against the Red Skull. You’ll both meet your end.”
Iron Man landed in front of him and stated, “Things probably are really weird right now but, long story short, you’ve been on the most extensive power nap in known history and it’s 2003.”
Jake looked up from his computer screen and openly stared at Peter. Peter pretended he didn’t notice and greeted, “Hey, Jake.”
That confirmed it for Natasha. She turned on her communicator and stated, “The body isn’t the Captain’s but the kill was done by the Winter Soldier.”
“Are you gay, you know, a homosexual,” retorted the reporter and then he shoved his microphone into Steve’s face for his response. Behind the reporter, his cameraman leaned in closer, focusing his lens on Steve.
Peter smiled at them and then looked at his boyfriend to find Wade already smiling. It was all Peter needed to move forward.
Between the emotional turmoil of forever losing his son, being drunk, Mary coming and offering to help Bruce, and then Steve making love to him in a frenzy, Tony unsurprisingly fell asleep once his husband was done with him.
Anger was broiling under the surface of his skin, threatening to consume him in a righteous fire. This machine did not deserve any of Peter’s love. Tony wanted to fry her circuits just for speaking of it.
“They are sending men to investigate it right now so there is limited information. However, it is reported that an inanimate object fell from space and is giving off high energy readings in New Mexico.”
“More than fine,” Steve replied before Tony could overthink Steve’s question. Steve even kissed the top of his head for good measure and Tony grinned so widely his cheeks hurt.
“Pull up the top trending on my screen,” Tony stated as his heartrate began to pick up. Did they finally publish the photos from yesterday?
They held each other for a long time. Steve never wanted to leave Bucky’s arms. A small part of him was irrationally afraid that he would lose him again if he let go.
His near-smile vanished and he twisted his arm out of the alcove and shot at the Hydra agent down the hall. There was a muffled cry, a large thump, and then total silence.
Bruce grinned and said, “…I accepted it: Acceptance. I accepted there was nothing I could change. I accepted that I killed many and I accepted it can happen again. I accepted Hulk as being a part of me and accepted that I, my true self, would never commit such atrocities.
Steve smiled at him with glistening eyes and immediately went to his side and pressed a gentle kiss to his temple. Tony automatically leaned into him and Steve tucked his face into his neck and draped his arm around him. Tony sighed contently and felt his body relax. He’d been on edge ever since escaping the void.
“And it’s killing me,” Tony stated gruffly, shoving the reactor back into his chest. It stung again as a fresh dose palladium rushed through him. This time he became a little dizzy. Tony closed his eyes until it passed to fight back the nausea. When he reopened them, he saw that Howard’s eyes had slid over the rest of his chest, taking in his dark, inflamed veins and settled on Tony’s hand that was still clutching the reactor with a tight grip.
Peter rubbed his forehead, creasing his mask beneath his touch, and grumbled, “It does not help that you call her names like that, especially when you do it to her face.”
Steve held Tony close and helped him stay upright when the bright light disappeared and left them staggering.
They took Tony’s private jet to a private airport and they took a private car straight from the hanger.
Tony nodded and murmured, “Good…Get a hold of Pepper for me. Oh, and if the lawyers don’t know yet, please notify them.”
