Adam made his way to Dean’s room, passing the combination Admit Desk/Nurses Station on the way. He nodded at the dark haired stranger waiting for the nurse to finish her phone call.
Sun 10-6
Moist Glaze or Squirt of Jizz
There was some talking in the truck, then Ben scooted to the door.
“I’ll return momentarily with your wheelchair,” he said as he pulled the door closed.
Castiel frowns. “I told you.”
“Wow, this must have been a serious fight for this many parents to be called in.” Dean said looking around.
Dean pulled his shirt over his crotch some more, then put his hands on the armrests and then folded them over his chest.
“We left the doggy door unlocked, have a bowl of water for him, the security camera feed is fine and you can see it from the bed. I think you’re all set.” Lee said as he leaned over to double check the camera feed.
He rubbed his eyes and ran his hands down over his mouth and chin. Lisa had to go in and smooth over the harsh words he spewed at the bank manager. And even thereafter, the man had said he really preferred to deal with her over the farm and wedding business. Dean could handle his personal bank accounts with any other teller or the assistant bank manager, but in the future, he’d prefer to only deal with Lisa on the business end of things. Dean was fine with that. He saw the veiled fear in the man’s eyes when he and Dean had argued over discrepancies. He’d always felt that Marvin M. Etatron was a scruffy little man who liked to rub in, and hold with an iron fist, any perceived power he held over anyone. Dean could never understand how Lisa could stand working with him or how she always seemed to get him to help her out.
6:00PM
“Legal recourse against any maneuvering they may do to have their way would be a smart course of action. Gabe has a good point.” Balthazar agreed.
“Are you sure? Annie’s just concerned because you’re shaking,” she began struggling with her right hand to remove her sweater.
“Are your grandparents OK with your uncles being gay? Maybe they just don’t want to accept that their youngest son is gay or maybe not.” Sam was now intrigued as to why Dr. Novak was not out but his brothers were.
“All of y’all sound like a bunch sex-starved, malcontents,” Bobby grumbled.
“Then when we get back home, Anna, you can give Cassie his bath, get him ready for bed, and maybe, play a computer game with him or read.” Michael continued planning. “ Balthazar and Gabe, you two can just hang, nonchalantly, out nearby Dad’s office while I confront them.”
Castiel Novak hated his Boss. He hated her a lot. Naomi was an awful person and she liked to see him suffer. So now, she was sending him to some backwoods hillbilly town in the middle of bum fuck Kansas because she thought it would “help” him and that he needed a “vacation.” Also, the town needed a new doctor. Castiel rolled his eyes. Why did she have to send him here? He hated small towns. He was used to being in the city. He was going to hate this. Nothing and No one could ever make this “vacation.” worth it. He couldn’t wait to leave.
The boys climbed out of the truck and turned back, calling into the back of the cab.
Hannah came up to them. “Is she the one you like?”
Dean and Castiel came down first, then Sam and Gabe. Then the kids came down too. Lastly was Bobby with Adam. Adam stood with Michael.
“Benny, why are you so good to me?” Dean gave him a crooked smile and relinquished the crutches.
Finally, Sam could fidget no longer, and went to the table to pick up his drink, and say "good night." There might be something to what Emma was saying, but he didn’t know Dr. Novak well enough. However, he knew his brother and there was definitely some interest on Dean’s part. He just knew Dean was always angry lately. He hoped it had to do with the broken leg and foreclosure and would resolve itself before long.
“Well, since you’re like our second dad, and I had no doubts that he would. Can we let Claire speak now. She has something important to say.” Jack held his sister’s hand.
Almost seven years ago, Dean got a very excited call from Sam.  He’d been offered a junior partnership at the large firm in Topeka he’d been at for only a few years. He had happily accepted. After a short time in the position, Sam was even planning on moving to the main corporate office in Wichita. Though he missed seeing Sam as often as he used to, and the move to Wichita would put him farther away, Dean was so proud of his brother, and his continuing success.
“We need to talk, Dean. Alone.”
As they made the turn on to Cherry Street on their final drive around the school, Gabriel was on high alert looking for Mr. Lion Mane in the parking lot, but he didn’t see him anywhere. Feeling a bit bummed, before he turned onto Friend Street, he stopped to let a black Dodge Charger pull out of the parking lot.
on his own anyway. He had Sam to help of course, along with his parents sometimes, although he
“Second, I discussed this with Mr. Lafitte already after Jack inquired.” He took a deep breath. “Though I am reluctant to say yes to this, because we have only known these people less than a week, they all seem to be decent people who love their families, whether blood related or found family. Mr. Lafitte comes highly recommended as a decent person by several people and Mr. Winchester even named his son after the man.”
“Merci beaucoup, mon frère.” Benny thanked Sam.
Jack let out an “oof!” as the dog landed on his stomach. He pulled the blanket up where he felt her snoot. Immediately, the dog moaned, picked up her head barking and began rubbing her nose with her paw.
Castiel looked around. “You have a nice home Dean.”
“Guess?” Dean questioned, sarcastically. “Why didn’t you just do what most regular folks do and check her collar?” Man, this guy, really is a clueless brainiac, Dean thought.
“Maybe, but when your vehicle breaks down I won’t help you fix it, if you always tease me about it.” Ben retorted smugly as he leapt on Jack and gave him a noogie.
“I’ll give you that, Dean. You are eating vegetarian pizza and I’m very surprised.” Sam beamed at his older brother. “I hope you keep it up, but it wouldn’t hurt you to eat some salad.”
“Because somebody’s gotta be, and everyone knows you’re not gonna be.” Benny opened the door to the truck and told Miracle to hop in. “Front or back? I think back will give you a more comfortable ride.”
“Nothing’s going on with me. What’s going on with you? Why are you giving me the third degree? Why do you keep looking at me so much?” Dean patted his lap and called Miracle with a whistle. She bounded across the room and jumped into his lap causing a whirlwind of Castiel’s scent to hit him once again. He tried to play it off and let her stay in his lap, but he just couldn’t do it when he felt her paw against his cock as it slowly became thicker with each pulse of his blood.
Castiel toweled the dog off as much as possible and dug in the box on the floor labeled “Bathroom.” He pulled out the blow dryer and a large toothed comb and began working on the furry creature. The dog sat obediently, all the while wagging her tail. Castiel was impressed and began saying common dog names trying to see if the dog responded to any. Even though the dog was in such a sorry state, she seemed to be perfectly healthy. He'd have to ask around and try to see if she still belonged to anyone.
“…if lucky.” What was that? Lucky was a mother of two maybe living for a year? They got three second opinions, all the same. The second one was that it was worse than the previous specialist had let on. It had metastasized and if she made it six months, that was a gift. Dean was ready to go to the ends of the earth to find another doctor that would give them a different opinion, a better opinion. Lisa convinced him that there was no better opinion, just his wishful thinking. She didn’t want to spend the last months of her life searching for the answer they wanted, the answer they knew deep down would never come.
“I’m sorry,” she said to Benny.
He placed the pan in the sink, and quickly put away the ingredients as he popped his bread in the toaster. He could hear footsteps and loud muffled giggling and screams from upstairs, telling him the kids were awake. He made his coffee, grabbed the organic fresh fruit spread he bought at a roadside stand, plated his eggs, toast, grapes and orange, and was about to sit for his breakfast when he saw Little Missy watching him intently. She licked her lips as he looked at her.
Castiel began to explain Dean’s injuries and mending process. “Well, Mr. Milligan has a broken fi—“
Michael slammed his glass on the counter so hard it shattered. He walked out of the room to get the accordion file he had stashed in the hall closet a few minutes before.
“Castiel.”
“You’re welcome. Now go talk to your brothers and then go get your man.”
“Goodnight.” He nodded at Dean and headed down the steps.
This was his dream. It’s always been his dream to own the family coffee shop. Sam and Adam were excited too.
Deputy Barker volunteered to bring Kaia home. She didn’t say anything, but was curious to see how the girl was doing at home and what her home was like, maybe meet her stepfather. She and Gabriel had talked about it and they both had the sense that all was not well with her home life.
walking around with a smile plastered on my face for no reason. People will think I’m psychotic.”
Gabriel was sitting on the library steps with two large cups of coffee when Michael pulled up to parallel park on the street out front. The librarian had yet to unlock the front doors and Gabriel was enjoying the dappled sunlight moving across the porch as the light autumn morning breeze raised and bowed the large oak branches around the building. He watched lazily as Michael bent to retrieve the backpack of files from the backseat. He noticed that Michael had on large dark shades, his hair was a bit mussed and though he had on different clothes, there were no crisply ironed creases, the button up shirt was not buttoned up completely and it definitely was not tucked into his jeans. He leaned into the car one last time and came out with a cup tray of two large coffees and a croissant in his mouth.
“No, shit?!” Dean asked, still not believing.
Castiel Novak loved his work. He really enjoyed meeting and helping people. He just was in an awful mood because this was not the venue of his choosing. He tried to clear the grumpiness out of his head as he drove to the clinic. He missed the twins, even though it’d only been one day since he’d seen them. He really needed to get them settled, find things for them to do, find out more about school and get them comfortable in their new home. He really wanted them to be happy and needed to change his own attitude starting right now, before they sensed how he felt and ruin any excitement they had over moving to the country.
“No, I don’t imagine you could.” Castiel smiled.
Dean was shocked out of his panic as he turned to look incredulously at the nurse who had just taken his temperature. As he turned to see if the nurse had lost his mind, he was greeted with a thermometer being offered to his open mouth. In confusion he lifted his tongue and felt the thermometer put in place. He closed his mouth, still staring at the nurse who was now looking intently at the digital readout. “Good, good. Ok, sir, Let’s get your blood pressure.” The nurse wrapped the cuff  around Dean’s arm and turned the pump on.
Gabriel just laughed and stared at his brother.
325 Broadway Street
“That’s a weird, giant mailbox!” Claire said as they turned into the gate opening. “I was wondering why they were so big when we saw them by a few other houses before.”
“We thought it may have just been normal teenage angst and the fact that she’s just recently gotten her first menses. A little late for some girls, but fourteen is not an uncommon age. Hormone fluctuations can be a difficult thing for a young girl to grow accustomed to. And I know you may be uncomfortable discussing such intimate details about your sister, but we do want you to understand the full scope of the situation, dear.”
Dean’s panting came faster still. Suddenly he relaxed his elbows and sat heavily back into the chair again. He frantically knocked Castiel’s hand off his chest with his forearm and roughly pulled open the placket of his Henley, buttons flying everywhere. He grabbed Castiel’s wrist with two hands and practically slammed it back firmly over his heart, palm on skin.
“I’ll do it. That way I can tell the kids good night before I leave.” Sam volunteered. “I’m just going to head home in a little while. It’s probably for the best since I’ve got court so early.”
“Yes, that’s good, because that way Castiel can be distracted playing games, so he won’t miss us too much until we get back.” Gabriel agreed.
Claire leaned her head against his cheek, content.
Castiel clung to Gabriel the entire time, even sitting on his lap while having his milkshake, chicken nuggets, and French fries. Though he only ate half of his food, he drank his entire milkshake and three cherries. Anna took him to the restroom to clean up and give her brothers time to talk.
“Go head and have a seat. Michael’s eagerly waiting.” Gabriel slapped Jules on the back as they walked towards the exit.
“Thank you. I’ll try to remember that. Really, I will. As you’ve seen, I’m not always the best at letting things go or expressing myself, but maybe thinking of that, reminding myself how you’ve helped me, will help me change that. So…t-thank you.”
Castiel nodded. Next to Gabriel, Balthazar was his favorite person. They pulled into the Dairy Queen and slowed to a stop. Castiel let out a few last panting gasps as he caught his breath and tried to stop his tears. He let out a little whimper when he saw that it was Michael pulling up next to them.
“Au contraire! You always obeyed them anyway, at least to all appearances, but I’m the one who’s always fought with them over most things. See, but I use my humor to get what I want. Most times it worked, but not always.” Gabriel pointed a finger skyward in emphasis.
They all grabbed their bags and followed Ben and Emma upstairs.
“When I was seventeen, Dad brought me into his office and started telling me that as the eldest son it’s my responsibility to carry on our family, our history, our fortune, our future. He reiterated the old story we’ve heard our whole lives of how far the history, importance and lineage of our family can be traced back and how the family fortune has only grown throughout the centuries. That it’s our, now MY, responsibility to keep building it and pass it on to only responsible members of the family who will do the same and keep and grow the family and the fortune, keeping ties with the…let’s just say for now —the important movers and shakers of the world, not just those holding high office.”
“You could have at least not left me in the box you know.” Dean speaks up.
“Yeah, I figured that much, I mean what are you?”
“Don’t say that about my dad! Take that back!” Emma said angrily.
“They could come home with us.” Emma leaned over the seats to get their attention. “Right, Dad? Jack and Claire could stay with us until Dr. Novak gets off of work, so they don’t have to be home alone.” She gave her dad her best puppy eyes.
Gabriel ran completely around the house to the garage on the other side. He pulled his keys out of his pocket, unlocked the side door and ran over to his car. He put Castiel with his plane in the backseat and seat belted him in.
“You’re doing this part because a surly teen in a bus station is less conspicuous than a well-dressed college man.” He patted Gabriel on the shoulder. “You’ve always been a great actor. You love movies. This is the chance for your Oscar-worthy performance as a sixteen year old teenager up to teenage boy stuff. Get out there and break a leg.”
haven’t made any friends.
“Oh Dad, she’s perfect.” Claire said and Jack nodded excitedly.
Castiel chewed his lower lip and looked at the ceiling for help. He hoped he didn’t regret this.
they happen to be, in the very near future. You hear me?”
“Castiel, I want you to know that Gabriel and I are proud of you.”
“This afternoon or evening, I'm going to have the physical therapist show you how to use the crutches properly for your type of injury in the long cast. Eventually , after your approximate six weeks in the long cast, I will switch you over to a soft boot walkable cast. That will need to be worn for a minimum of three weeks, but possibly up to six weeks, depending on how well you adhere to my instructions and how your bones are coming along. This soft boot will be used along with crutches. There is also the option, which many prefer nowadays, of using a knee scooter instead or in conjunction with crutches. For now I’ll give you a prescription for Tylenol. Some people don’t need that and an OTC version is fine. But bone healing pain and duration varies in everyone. Do what’s right for you. Please” Castiel gave Dean a gentle friendly pat.
“WELCOME HOME DEAN!”
“Your friend's alive.”
“You had one of your flashbacks again. Miracle is here. She missed you Dean.”
“Nah, brotha. I’ll stick around, but I’ve got a couple of errands to run right after quitting time. I’ll be back afterwards though.” He had rubbed his thumbs on the steering wheel, deep in thought, then tapped them several times when he finally spoke, punctuating his decision.
“We will be sending an information packet home by Thursday, at latest, for who will be teamed up with whom, the charity or charities the students will be working to assist and any other pertinent information. There will be stiff penalties for any student not participating, to be determined at that time. It will be up to each individual team couple to come up with a schedule that works for both. It will be expected in the office, addressed: Attention Assistant Principal Mosley, Charity Work, bright and early first thing Monday morning before 9 am. It can be emailed. This information will be included in our information packet.” Ms. Mosley and Ms. Macleod consulted again.
“We’re going to get you guys out of there I promise.”
They straightened the office, closed the hearthstone, and Anna came back with an empty school backpack to put all the files in. They replaced the office trash from the desktop in the wastebasket and carefully place it back under the desk, after wiping the outside down. They closed the office door and went up to Michael’s room.
“So Dad is like Mr. Winchester! Maybe we can get Dad a service animal, too! I would like him to have a service feline.”
Finally, he had everything from the bottom section out, but the small safe. He quickly turned a combination on the small safe, pulled down on the handle, opened it, and looked inside without touching or taking anything. Closing it, he reached behind it and Gabriel and Anna heard a series of clicks. He then began to turn the combination lock on the little safe again. He pulled up on the handle as he came to the last number. The safe did not open. Yet to the surprise of Gabriel and Anna, the entire small safe tilted up and forward. There was a small recess underneath the little safe. Michael checked his watch, then put his hand into the recess. They could hear him pressing buttons.
“Add Benny to that one, too. We’ll get three of those too. By the way, what does your dad like?” Dean asked Jack and Claire.
He needed to call Sam.
Benny looked at Castiel. “You weren’t kidding when you said medical professionals run in your family. You, two of your brothers, your parents.”
“C’mon, Dad. I’m nervous!” Jack jumped up and down.
“Well, Dean is a unique and rare man who inspire those qualities in others,“ Adam said fondly as he laid out prep for the bone setting.
“Yes, my brother is an excellent baker. I’m sorry I didn’t catch all the names of the items he put in the box. Some of the names are similar. All are risqué. I do recall this particular pie is called the Bi Pie. It is filled with a combination of half cream pie and half fruit, ‘swirled together, giving you the best combination of both worlds.’” Castiel quoted, then busied himself placing out the plates and utensils. He took the box from Dean and cut a small piece of the pie to put on one plate for him, then placed the remainder of the pie on the second plate. He had the feeling that it would be no problem for Dean to finish off in one go.
“Thank you. I’ll look for him then! Have a nice day. Bye, Uncle Gabe. I don’t want to be late.”
“I’m so sorry. I am. I’m so sorry!” He hugged her again and sobbed into her shoulder. “I promise. I won’t let them hurt him anymore. God, why didn’t I stop them sooner!?! I’m so sorry. Never again. I SWEAR they will not do this to him or anything EVER again.”
“I don’t mind.”
M - F 9am - 5pm
Dean had a myriad of emotions cross his face. He had to admit, he and Pamela had some great times, but they certainly pushed each other’s extreme over-indulgence buttons. Dean could never figure out if it was because in some sick way they were trying to one up each other in consumption or extreme partying, or if they pushed themselves or each other unconsciously to see just how wild they could get. Whatever the reasons, they always had fun together, but often it was overshadowed by the trouble they got themselves into, the hangovers suffered and work missed, or how easy it was to fall into old patterns of using and abusing, substances, risky behavior, and sex.
“It might be easier if you set your box down and grab a glass from the cabinet. My friends somehow didn’t think about my inability to reach for extra glassware or plates from the high cabinets. The stuff in the dishwasher is dirty.”
“OK. Heads up and back inside. It’s getting a bit chilly and curves will be coming up.” Castiel turned the headlights back on and raised the windows.
She just shook her head. “Look, I’ve got to hurry and finish getting ready to open. Thanks for the breakfast and let me know if you need any help.”
“Oh, my god! That’s right! It’s called Gabriel’s Sweet Spot. Huh.” Sam turned to look back at the empty driveway. “Well, I’ve got to meet him.”
All three were a mess of tears, mucus, blood, ripped and stained clothing, and red, swollen eyes. Both Michael and Gabriel had angry swelling welts on various places on their faces, along with a few bleeding cuts.
Maybe the Doc…Cas could give him pointers on how to put that thing on by himself. It really shouldn’t be that difficult. Maybe Adam knew a trick. It was Sunday tomorrow, so no one would be coming by until at least the afternoon, but that was OK. He had plenty of food and could sleep in if he wanted.
Everyone was scared of the turkey. His name was Monster.
“What is this?”
His mother was strict. He was taken to conversion therapy. He was forced to have sex with women against not only his will but hers too. The last straw is when his mother forced him to have sex with his best friend Meg, who got pregnant as a result. They were married immediately after. Nine months later, Castiel is walking out of the hospital alone with two newborns while the body of his wife is laid in the morgue.
The two brothers watched as the children headed upstairs.
“You’re not ‘straight up’ if you’re a lesbian, stupid!”
“Yes, darling?” He rubbed her back.
Ask for a Squirt of Jizt Cherry or Moist Glaze TOPS
Dean did. He kissed his husband. His husband!
“I’m just going to go up, knock on the door and give this to him. Maybe check and see if he needs help or anything else, since he’s alone right now as far as I know. You both can just wait in the car. I should be right back.”
Ezekiel leaned forward and gently, but firmly placed his open left palm on Dean’s chest.
“Yes. I thought I’d put all that behind me. Thoughts of romance, relationships, possibly even love. But here I am in this new place and suddenly, through no advances or signals of my own that I know of, here are these two, I don’t know, maybe more, men hitting on me, flirting, asking to take me out, like I’m the belle of the ball.” He rubbed his hand across his forehead, back and forth. “I didn’t know it’d make me feel…feel…I didn’t expect the attention to make me actually feel…feelings.”
Michael made it snow in the bunker and then they had a snowball fight.
“Shh… save your breath. We need all the oxygen we can get.”
“Goddammit!” Great! How was he going to pick it all up now and make sure the children didn’t find out? He grabbed the arms of the wheelchair and shook it for all his worth. The padded arm cushion came off in his grasp. He looked daggers at it and flung it across the room with an angry, frustrated roar. It narrowly missed the television and embedded itself in an opening of the air conditioning vent.
“It’s finally ours boys. Just let it sink in.” Dean said and sighed happily. He turned to each of his brothers.
“I’m really not at liberty to talk about the entire incident until my partner is finished with his interview, as I told the doctor.” She indicated Castiel. “But I can say that all of our children were some of the main players in the incident. There were thirteen to fifteen main antagonists, approximately half which included our kids. The other half were the opponents. There’s two opposing stories on how and why the incident began and who threw the first punch.”
Claire listened as Castiel spoke.
“I’ll return in a few minutes. It’s not far at all, so be ready for my return.”  Castiel called the dog and headed out to the car. “C’mon girl, get in.”
Adults Only Sweet Spot
“I see. Well,” he leaned in, “between us, I believe what your two have said, and it corroborates what Deputy Barker’s son and a few others have said as well, but I don’t want to color their story to you, so I’ll let you both head in.”
she emphasized, “to accomplish
The kids put the blindfolds on. Once he was sure that there was no way they could peek, he drove to the animal shelter. He parked and helped his kids get out.
He moved away from the counter a bit and bent to admire the creative array of cookies and cupcakes in the bakery case.  He had to hand it to whoever was the genius behind the designs and decorating of the confections, everything was beautifully done and displayed. It all looked, and smelled delicious, if one were inclined to eat sweets. Obviously, it had been tempting enough for Sam to order something for himself. He suddenly noticed those golden lion’s eyes staring back at him through the tray of bear claws and turnovers. He just stared right back. There was a darker ring around the edge of the golden brown.
“Oh, your brother is the one that replaced the old doc that just passed in that tragic accident.” She shook her head. “That’s always such a terrible thing when someone is all set to retire and they end up dying. Town’s lucky your brother could be available sooner.”
“Good, so they’re allowed to do their homework?" Dean asked. “I’ll make sure they all get it done first thing. I’ll even hold off the snacks for the first fifteen-twenty minutes, to make sure they get started properly.”
“It’s alright. I know you’re scared…”
“It’s OK, we’re going to go get some of your favorites and you can get a chocolate milkshake, too.”
“Hey Dean, what’s up?”
“Well, I was wondering why, if someone is gay, why they don’t just come out and say it like I did, but Ben says some people are mean and hurt people or try to make them not gay. I thought that was only in the olden days.” Jack explained. “Like they all think my father is or maybe gay. But I think if he was he’d already have told us a long time ago.”
“Please Daddy! We can have twin friends!” Jack yelled out in excitement.
“Hey Cas, I have something to tell you…”
“Alright, I’m still going to want more information, and very soon. Stay safe baby brother. I love you.”
Gabriel laughed a bit nervously.
Dean shakes his head and laughs. He leans against the counter.
Dean asked how the after school work went on their projects, if they’d gotten a lot done and if the extra hands were helpful or a hindrance. He knew from experience, that sometimes help was great and other times help was better if it was sitting watching from afar.
Castiel smiled. “That reminds me,” he said, pulling the invitation cards from his jacket pocket, “I am not sure if it’s a wise thing for you to go to in your present state, but I’ve  brought you some invitations to the Official HARD Open of Gabriel’s Sweet Spot.”
Sam and Dean came into his room.
She looked at Gabriel. He shrugged. He had no idea where they were going, but he knew he was heading toward the highway on-ramp to head out of town. He nodded to her as he saw Michael’s car approaching very fast in the rearview mirror. Michael sped up alongside them pointing and yelling. Gabriel put his window down, but did not stop.
Sam and Gabriel slowly danced together. Adam and Michael had their first dance together in separate bodies. Claire and Kaia made Castiel tear up.
“I love you too.”
Castiel brought the car back up to its former speed and drove a short distance more to let the kids have their thrill, but did not yet trust this road he did not know. He doubted it was used by much more than people going to and from the Winchester lands. There were no other houses out this way, and one could not get anywhere quicker using this road than the county roads. But he still decided to play it safe until he knew the road better.
“God? God told you to save me? Why would he tell you that? If he’s even real.”
“I’m not stealing all of the blankets. Stop complaining.
“Though they may act like it once in a while, they're not infants.” He smiled. “He’s more than welcome. Besides, Jack and him seem to have hit it off well.”
Michael slammed his fist on the desk so hard the desk lamp, pens and other desk accessories rattled.
“Jack, promise Mr. Lafitte! This is important.” Claire instructed her brother.
“Ooh, I earned a ‘Daddy’ for that?” Castiel laughed and bent his head to kiss her arm.
“Claire, since you’re by the refrigerator, would you mind taking the container with the salad back out of the refrigerator for your uncle and Deputy Barker?”
“Shut up, Sam. I’ve got a lot going on. I deserve a drink.” He poured himself a second and put the bottle away. “Besides, I don’t plan on downing the entire contents. The kids will be home later.”
We’re going to see Ben’s sheep. The ewes are going to have baby lambs soon! Not right now soon, but soon in December,” Jack explained.
Adam nodded and took a deep breath. “I, Adam Milligan, take Gabriel Novak to be my wedded husband , to have and to hold, from this day forward, for better, for worse, for richer, for poorer, in sickness and in health, to love and to cherish, till death do us part, I pledge my faith and pledge myself to you.”
Dean smiled. “Go get em tiger.”
“Of course Mr. Winchester.”
“I’ve always wanted to say that.” He added. Adam smiled to himself as he heard him.
“Yes, Jack, it definitely fits in the definition of family discussion, as does anything you may want to talk about.”
Castiel tiptoed and kissed his brother’s cheek, then ran off across the lawn to retrieve his plane. “Yes, watch me, Gabriel!”
Michael looked at Gabriel confused, just as their waiter walked up.
Castiel sniffed and tried not to cry. He was human now after all.
“Yeah, seems your niece and nephew decided that a fight of some kind was in order today. Appreciate it, buddy. Over.”
Adam was waiting with his brothers. “You look so handsome Adam. He’s going to love it.”
“Sorry. Touchy, touchy, huh?”
Dean rolled his eyes and put his head down when he saw the stunned expression on the doctor’s face.
Anna kept walking with Castiel, but the three boys stopped to speak with Naomi.
“Thanks Sam. I needed that.”
“Give me one moment.” There was more sounds from the keyboard. “Council Grove Post Office, 103 West Main Street.”
“The twins as well. They’re thirteen. Will be fourteen in May.”
“Please, Anna, I gotta go! You said you’d wait by the door!”
“I’m sorry your service marched you down a road that led to you needing services such as mine. I appreciate that you gave up and endured so much, while in the armed service of our country.”
HARD Open
“I understand, so, if you’ll allow me, you’ll be happy to hear that I did indeed find a small account that I don’t know how, but it slipped by the wayside. Very strange, very strange indeed. A most unusual occurrence.” They could hear him clacking his keyboard and making hemming and hawing noises. “Yes, somehow or for some reason, it was not linked to any of your joint accounts or any of her private personal accounts nor business accounts. It does not even list your home address nor her married name as listed on her driver’s license identification information.”
“I did!” Gabriel said defensively.
“I told him the way some people are against it and some try to change gay people or say they’re crazy or hurt them. That even some people just tell them to go away and never come back.” Ben reiterated. “But he doesn’t believe it still happens.”
“I know.”
“Hey, thanks. You need to wash up quick? Grab a cold drink? I don’t know how long we’ll be.” He said as he let Miracle down.
“Uh, sorry. I’m Adam Milligan. Dean is my brother. This is his friend Benny Lafitte.”
“Thanks Cas.” Dean said and then he blushed. “Sorry, that slipped out. I have a tendency to give people nicknames.”
“You’re right. We can stop at that makeup store in that strip mall near the bus station. Maybe they can help us figure out how to hide these bruises without looking like we’re actually wearing makeup.”
“MR. WINCHESTER!” He felt hands on his shoulders grasping him and pushing him back up right, saving him a headfirst tumble to the floor.
normal!” Jack emphasized, elbowing Claire, then holding his stomach laughing hard at his own joke. They began contorting their bodies, rolling their eyes, and limping about like zombies, then immediately straightened up and looked like typical bored teenagers, holding yawns in and checking their hair and nails.
“Pepperoni?” Only Ben raised his hand.
“I quit.” Castiel said as he walked into his father’s office. His father, Chuck, blinked at him.
Dean sullenly thought that Castiel must’ve made some remarks to his children about how he was quick to anger and to try not to upset him, or something along those lines. Well, it was not undeserved, but he thought they’d gotten past that on Sunday. He wasn’t going to let it get him down, but he might confront the doctor at a later date about it.
Sam nodded and he even leaned his head against Gabriel’s. Adam was distraught and Michael was comforting him.
Claire watched them intently. What was going on between them? Were they married or living together? Maybe they were divorced, but still friends? Emma and Ben called him uncle. Was Ben named after him? Was he their dad, too? Stepdad? She couldn’t figure it out, but was a little too timid to ask Emma or Ben about any of her concerns. Claire just knew he better not be two-timing on her father. She really liked him, but she would make him sorry, if he was. She wondered how long before her dad would get there. Maybe she should do something to get Mr. Winchester away from Mr. Lafitte? Maybe she and Jack could stay by Mr. Lafitte and she could sit on one side of him and Jack could sit on the other side to keep Mr. Winchester away. She wiped her face, crumpled her napkin, and tossed it on her plate. She didn’t feel like eating anymore. She just wanted to guard what she had the feeling was her dad’s new, and probably first ever, boyfriend.
Michael gave Gabriel the once over, then looked at himself in the mirror again.
He pulled up and stopped the car at the curved driveway section in front of the large porch. Getting out, he took in the rest of the property in his view. There was a wide swath of concrete drive leading to the barn-like garage to one side of the house and then a gravel road leading away off the side of the garage. Much further back he could see the peak of the roof of an actual barn and a few outbuildings. Looking back toward the gate entrance, he really couldn’t see anything because of the low hill, but he remembered the fence was lined with small trees and just mostly a large dirt and gravel-covered, bare spot to one side.
Castiel handed a small stack of the cards to Dean. “They list the new official hours, some of the featured signature products, discount coupons, and coupons for one free individual serving pie as well as a free donut of your choice.”
Benny placed the utensils down on the plate, walked around the desk and pulled Castiel into his embrace. He placed his hands on either side of Castiel’s face, and just looked into his eyes for an eternity of mere seconds. The kiss began with tender appreciation and became more intense and needy as it went on. Castiel placed pressure at the back of Benny’s head and pulled his lips more firmly to his. First lightly nipping and licking, then lapping until Benny opened his mouth to allow Castiel’s probing tongue entrance, sliding and entwining, tasting and teasing. Castiel gripped Benny about the waist and slid his hands over the broad muscular back. A slight moan escaped as Benny ran his fingers up through Castiel’s hair cradling his head in both hands, tugging firmly on the dark locks to turn Castiel’s head as Benny burned a trail down his chin, across his neck, and down to the barely expose cording of muscle near the clavicle.
Jack has gas and a lot of it apparently.
“Two weeks!? Dean and Cas will starve!”
Castiel rubbed the back of his neck and bent his head to scratch it absentmindedly as he spoke.
“I still don’t understand what this is about…” Chuck glared at her.
It was finally time for the grooms to come out. Dean was standing at the altar waiting for Castiel.
When they pulled up to the house, they saw Sam and Dean on the porch, and Miracle romping through the yard. Most of the lights downstairs and upstairs were on, shining bright and happy through all of the windows. Castiel thought it looked like one of those homey Christmas cards shining with glitter for stars.
“Ah, now I get the— name of the Pop your Virgin Cherry cream.” Dean was definitely struggling to stay awake now, fighting against the sedative.
She was his service dog. He had spent a few years in the Military and he got her when he retired. It was before the kids were born.
“Yeah, I figured that much, I mean what are you?”
She lifted the end counter where it was hinged for a pass-through, waiting for the twins, and their father and uncle to join them.
“Hey! Fen. Narf.” Michael said in surprise as two of Gabriel’s friends came walking up to the table. “What are you two doing here?”
“Dad! Tell him to let me UP! I swear I’m gonna throw up on you, Jack!”
“Do you know how long ago our mother died? We never even met her. It’ll be fourteen years this May!” Sam could hear Claire’s ragged intake of breath. “Do you know how many people our dad had relationships with in almost fourteen years!?! ONE! One person! And I will NOT let you try to take this new one away from him just so
“Guys… what did you do?”
dad can have another blue-eyed, tall, fit, dark-haired TOY to play with until he gets tired and another blue-eyed, tall, fit, dark-haired person comes along like a new toy, that he prefers to play with over my dad!”
“Of course, they are more than welcome, Cas. The more the merrier. They shouldn’t sit home by themselves when I have plenty of space, plenty of food, and we always enjoy lots of company.” He nodded to Claire and Jack. ”They could even ride home with Emma and Ben, or Benny and me, if it’d make it easy on you.”
proud of you too, Cassie.” He grabbed Castiel and hugged him tightly. “I’m going to go before I start crying happy tears again.”
“We should tell our brothers. If they can still hear us that is.”
“I don’t want to speculate, but that may be part of the reason your father hasn’t come out.” Sam said sympathetically.
As Ezekiel sensed Dean relax, he spoke softly, “I was going to say it is part of my job, but more than that, it is part of humanity to ensure dignity for everyone, whether it is part of my job or not. And I’d say, ‘think nothing of it’, but I’d rather all men, all people thought of it, and returned the favor to everyone they meet who may or may not be struggling. We never know what another’s personal struggles are, and compassion, dignity, and humanity can be a rare and precious thing to one who is struggling.”
At first, they used the bounty to buy things they wanted during vacations. That saw an increase in the amount of swearing, as well as in how quickly the money accumulated. Then, they used it for gifts for friends and relatives, which kept the swearing at a level status quo.
“Well,” he said to himself, “looks like you might have yourself a dog, Castiel Novak.”
“Come on Michael. Come join us. You can join Castiel and Gabriel’s team. I’ll join Sam and Dean’s.”
“Thank you,” he said simply. He took a deep breath and let it burst out of him in a rush. “Thank you.” He wiped more tears from his eyes, face, and chin. The front of his shirt was damp with tears.
“Hi, I’m Dean Winchester,” his eyes brightened dramatically as he gave the girl a warm smile, “Emma and Ben’s father. And you are more than welcome in our home, any time, day or night, on good days or bad days. Always know that our doors will be open for you.”
“Claire, sit. Down.” Castiel warned.
The Old Stone Barn was doing well immediately after opening. Lisa taught yoga during the weekdays and had mini meditation retreats to help the business get off the ground in the beginning, drawing clients from five different towns around them. They had four weddings, seven receptions, and four miscellaneous parties the first year. They used the barn for holiday events as well. During the Christmas season, when people came to cut their own trees, they served hot chocolate, had pictures with Santa, hay rides, and sleigh rides when it snowed. Halloween and Thanksgiving saw them ushering in the fall with Pick Your Pumpkin, Haunted Hay Rides, games, trick or treating for the kids as well pictures with autumn themed backdrops. Their big attraction was the corn maze. The dream was coming along nicely.
“Excuse me. Number forty-two, sir?” Sam stood and pulled out his wallet as he stepped back over to the ice cream counter. “That’ll be thirteen eighty-two.’
“Not in my experience.”
“Yeah, I’m always the last one to get a date around here.”  She saw the way Gabriel looked at her. “Relax, you’re good. It’s all good.” She smiled kindly. “Really.”
Amara turned and addressed the crowd. She cleared her throat.
“They live over on the other side of town in the direction of my house. Very near the old elementary school.” Dean offered. “But I know Deputy Barker lives alone with her son, so maybe if he’d like, she’ll allow him to come along with us to my place. I saw that you two were friends, Jack.”
“Yeah, I’m sorry if you feel it’s insincere or grudgingly given, because, believe me it’s not. I, in no way, want to diminish your sacrifice and service. I just have a problem with our country being involved in armed conflict in foreign countries that were begun through nefarious maneuverings of ruthlessly greedy politicians.” Gabriel shook his head. “People like me are the ones who have the arduous and heartbreaking task of trying to help you come to terms with and/or leave that part behind and try to become whole again.”
“Yeah, yeah. But Adam, how are the kids? How are Emma, Ben and Miracle? Sam’s still got ‘em, right? Do they know what happened? Are…are they worried? I need to see ‘em.” Dean asked with anxious concern.
“C’mon you gotta tell me what’s going on, Michael. What is all this stuff and how did you know where it was and all the combinations to safes I didn’t even know existed?” Gabriel questioned.
Claire punched her brother in the arm several times very hard, then jumped on his back.
“I love their cute little faces and the wool is so soft!” Claire said as she pet the back of the one nearest her. “Look, Kaia. She really likes this.”
“So help me, if you don’t help our baby brother, I will never speak to you again! You will be DEAD to me! DO YOU HEAR ME?! DEAD TO ME!” He shook Michael with all his might and punched him in the nose, watching his brother’s head snap back. He grabbed the shirt with both hands again and pulled him closer, still shaking him and yelling.
“Well the kids invited the new neighbors over for dinner and they ended up staying the night.”
“Cas, I’m so tired. Please… I just want to sleep.”
Michael stared him down and glared at Naomi, too as he walked out.
“No!” Emma yelled. “And if he did, why would you want a broken person to be with your dad? You don’t even know what you’re talking about! Uncle Benny loves us, loves my dad, and so do Uncle Lee and Pamela, and my dad loves them. My dad deserves happiness just as much as your dad!”
Soon they saw the driveway lights come on and the flash of headlights as Castiel parked right outside of the barn. Jack ran out to meet him.
“I will. I’m going to have a great day!” He smiled, waved and went to get his backpack from the car.
He washed his hands and decided to pour himself a glass of wine, stirring his vegetables and adding in cayenne, paprika, fresh thyme and a few other choice spices. He rarely spiced his food up this much anymore, because most of the meals he made had to be kid friendly, and spicy and children don’t mix well.
“As those of you who are not new to the school know, this does not preclude anyone involved from suffering the consequences. We have a Zero Tolerance Policy; that does not mean we don’t like to understand and perhaps solve the crux of the situation that led to the violence. On the contrary, the more we can understand and work to overcome our differences, the more likely we are to grow as humans and as a society. We will inform you of the consequences of your actions before the end of this assembly, but first, I’d like to give anyone that has anything constructive to add, the chance to have a say. Is th—”
“This whole ‘suspension’ thing seems kind of stupid. The day is pretty much over and they’re allowed back tomorrow, but we have to sign the suspension forms. Seems more like a punishment for the parents than the kids.” Dean complained. “But I am glad Principal Macleod doesn’t believe that punishing the kids academically is a way to get good disciplinary results. I know Emma and Ben are both going to be upset about losing more time to get makeup work done on their projects they’re already behind on.”
“See you in a few days Dean.”
“I said, Shut up, mother!  You do not get to speak right now!”
Benny came by for lunch and brought down the boxes Dean needed from the attic and the top of the closet. Dean was able to go through the boxes without being as emotional as he thought he’d be. It actually was somewhat cathartic. He found her keys in her purse. He looked through the keys and found what he supposed was the key. Turning it over he saw the words: USPS Do Not Duplicate and a series of numbers. One less thing to worry about. One step closer to finding answers.
“Call me Castiel, please.”
Dean was just nervously, and rapidly, tapping one hand on his wheelchair armrest with his other arm flung over Miracle, scratching her chest. He was both relieved and fuming. Lisa was always doing things like this to “keep her independent identity“ she’d tell him only after he’d find out about it. He could never understand, because he never had any issues with her keeping her maiden name or having her own separate identity, personal or business.
“Oh! May we?” Jack asked excitedly as he turned to Clark looking for permission.
Michael felt his body just sink. Naomi must’ve noticed, too. She stepped forward and placed a gentle hand on his shoulder, face full of motherly concern.
I can’t have you two crossing into the terminally boring territory of
“What’s up?” Dean added.
Gabriel had gotten out of the car and went around to speak to Michael. Anna and Castiel could not hear them, but Anna could see the expressions on both their faces as they quietly argued. She saw the anguish on Gabriel’s face again, though she still did not know exactly what triggered him. She saw shocked rage on Michael’s face as he punched his car. They two brothers grabbed each other in a tearful hug. They wiped their eyes, checked their faces and both put their sunglasses back on. They walked over to Gabriel’s car, all smiles and laughing about milkshakes.
“We can get one wherever you want, little man,” Gabriel said happily, “but anywhere we go to get milkshakes, even if it’s on a train, we have to stop to get them.”
Look, Doc, I …”
“We need to go back to the Entrance and get help. Someone has to stay here to keep an eye on Dean and Cas.”
“I'm an Angel of the Lord.”
He finished cleaning up in the bathroom, made sure Miracle had gone out and was settled, and wheeled himself, naked, to the bed. He decided he wasn’t even going to struggle into clothes again tonight, after rubbing out another one while cleaning up. He was too hampered by the wheelchair, and to be honest, lack of patience alongside anxiety, to squeeze into the laundry room to constantly wash the minimal amount of clothing he had downstairs.
“I’m not fond of you doing this on your own, but I understand it,” Balthazar allowed. “Do call out immediately if you need reinforcements, cousin.”
Dean awoke slowly. He had great difficulty opening his eyes and his head felt like he had the worst hangover ever. He could barely focus on anything and blinked rapidly. He still couldn’t see anything; everything was a big blur. Why was he so groggy? God, his mouth felt like he’d eaten an entire bag of sand and cotton balls.
“About Alastair.”
He was only able to find the box, but could not get it off of the top shelf of the closet. He thought about checking through Lisa’s purse, which he’d never had the guts to go through or throw out, but it was in the attic with a box of some of her more personal items and jewelry that he was saving until the kids got older. That was out too. Pretty much he felt useless at that point. At least he knew they’d be able to check out the post office box today or this evening. The access lobby was open 24 hours a day.
By the time Castiel locked up and checked on the children, they were both already sleeping. He went to his room deciding he was too worn out for a shower; he’d take one in the morning. He brushed his teeth, washed his face and was asleep as soon as his head hit the pillow.
“I already told you I had no problem with it, cher.” Benny smiled. “”Like I said before, that boy knows what he wants and sticks to it.”
“D. Winchester. Yep,”  he sighed. He really hoped Mr. Winchester was feeling less hostile and sullen now that he was home.
He tried thinking about why the calendars were so late getting to him. Everyone on staff at the firehouse had vowed to sell a minimum of one box of “7 Firemen…and One Hot Firewoman Pinup Calendars” this year. This was the fourth year in a row they had done them. Dean was usually able to sell his first box by mid-November if they came the week before Halloween. They featured the full firehouse lineup as well as office staff, recipes, career highlights and a short bio. Pamela was the only woman firefighter in the county and she was definitely hot, Dean thought, remembering her photoshoot. He had a few drunken rolls in the hay with her, until they realized that they fed each other’s debauched, wild proclivities and anything more between them could lead down a dark road. He smiled thinking of the last time they were together.
Dean went to the garage and grabbed one of his cleanest shoes from the few pairs of older shoes he used for working around the farm and went to grab a sock from the lost sock basket in the laundry room. He never thought of how handy that would come in until now, because all of his socks were upstairs.
“Yes, can they, please?” Ben chimed in.
“Well—”
“It’s a bit early for lunch, I’ve got plenty of food here.” Dean offered.
“She’s a Service dog lady. Don’t touch her. Learn to fucking read. Seriously. So rude.”
“Everyone has their favorite places, just like everyone has favored baits and lures,” Castiel stopped the car under their carport.
Claire had calmed down by the time it was the students turn to speak, but before she could raise her hand, Clark had raised his and was given permission to speak.
“Well, Deputy Barker and I have to drop her son Clark off at their house, too, and I'm not sure where they live.”
Michael rubbed his hand over his chin stubble, deep in thought. Finally, he drew a deep breath.
“Are you not going to date Officer Hester? I’m glad, because sometimes she just acted like a tired adult. You know the kind who are always angry.” Jack added.
Claire backed away and saw her dad speaking with Mr. Lafitte, closely. They were very close and looking each other in the eyes intently, then broke off their conversation to move to the auditorium. Yeah, she thought she was right. Maybe that’s who he had the date with? She walked up to her brother and they held hands as they walked out to the auditorium.
“What!?!” The other three said simultaneously.
“Heya Bobby. Come on. We got to tell Sam about Castiel.”
Adam knew as soon as those doors closed, that he wasn’t getting out of this room alive. Michael was coming. He could hear his brothers screaming for him but it was too loud.
“Oh, Claire Bear.
“Yes, he should have company if he gets in trouble!” Jack’s eyes lit up.
“You’ll regret this Castiel.”
Dean watched as Castiel began to descend his steps. He didn’t know what it was, but this one time, Dr. NoWay did not anger him or irritate him in any way. On the contrary, he derived warm feelings from the Doc’s visit this time.  He didn’t know why or what could’ve made a difference, but there definitely was a difference.  Maybe it was seeing Miracle’s reaction to him. Maybe it was seeing his kids and the way Miracle was happy to run out and play with them. He didn’t know, but he knew he didn’t mind the visit so much. And he knew he wouldn’t mind another one in the future.
“Also, I want you all to pack a to go bag. Pack your most important items, whatever money you have, toiletries, passports, IDs—everything you may need to travel quickly, bc I will take him and you all, out of the country if I have to.” Michael ran his fingers through his hair. Gabriel knew, just from that one gesture, how nervous Michael was, because Michael never did that, and always had every hair perfectly in place.
Dean woke up. His head was killing him.
“That’s Mr. Winchester. Please, I need… can you just go get my dog?” Dean took another deep breath and picked the mail up off his lap to finish going through. He felt he needed to do something or to hit someone, and finishing checking his mail seemed to be the best alternative.
“No, no thanks. Look you don’t have to stick around. I appreciate what you did for me. But I don’t want to keep you.”
As they approached nearer, a street lamp came on at the gate and more could be seen coming on dotted along the long drive towards the house.
We do it all!
“No… but we need to find a way to get back to the group. There’s no way to move those rocks.”
“I say we offer breakfast to the librarian for any help she can give us as well.”
Castiel put his forehead to Benny’s. Dark blue eyes to crystalline blue eyes. They stayed that way for a moment as they caught their breaths. Castiel inhaled the scent between them and pressed his hand against Benny’s chest. He kept eye contact and just let his body flow to the steady rhythm of the heart beneath his palm. He closed his eyes and let his thoughts roam through the steps of his journey. He still had a way to go, but he was not going to spoil it thinking about Gabriel’s interruption. It was still a highlight of his life.
Castiel glanced sideways at Benny.
“Balti-zar?” Castiel asked tearfully, still trying to calm down. Anna smiled at him when she saw his grimacing smile. He was trying so hard to be brave.
There is homophobic and Racial slurs/Language used in this chapter. We don’t condone bigoted people in this house. Benny to the rescue. That big ole teddy bear.
They made real plans together, moved to this idyllic small town, bought the farm, planted acres of Christmas pines, corn and pumpkins. They began building a life that rarely included midnight screams, smell of blood, and visions of his hands forced to do unspeakable things to his own men. Eventually, they found out they were going to have twins. Dean decided that the normal course of action for most people would be to ask Lisa to marry him. They were married at the parish church of her hometown, where her disapproving parents still lived. Life seemed to get better and better. They went on vacations, made fast, true friends, bought the second farm, and expanded their business.
Dean looked at Sam in disgust.
The green eyes had a softer yellow-green hue in the glow of the porch light, like flecks of peridot glinting in absinthe. Castiel wondered at the mercurial emotions of the man. Smiles one moment, anger the next, unfathomable expressions in between. He unconsciously tilted his head trying to figure out the man behind the captivating green eyes.
“What? I just want Dad to be happy.” Emma barked. “Is that so wrong?”
“Yeah.” Emma spoke up. “He loves you. You love him. Plus the ring is perfect.”
“Dr. NoWay?” Ellen raised a skeptical brow.
“You’re welcome Castiel.”
Gabriel pulled the visor down and looked at himself in the mirror. His left eye looked pretty much the same as Michael’s, if not a bit worse. His jaw was bruised, his lip was split and he had a cut across his nose and eyebrow as well.
Benny let Castiel explore. He kissed, massaged and tantalized Castiel from head to bottom and everywhere in between, but let the dark haired ingenue take the lead. He could tell Castiel was an attentive, thorough and very experienced lover, just new to being with another man. Benny was having a hard time restraining himself with the things Castiel was doing to him, until finally Benny bent to take Castiel into his mouth.
“OK, Dean.” Castiel smiled. He felt like this visit was a good thing and he’d made great strides in changing the dynamic between him and his patient.
“We.. we know. We’re sorry dad. Please don’t be mad. Don’t hit us. We won’t do it again.” Emma looked like she was going to cry.
“I think you may be right, because
Between retching gags and laughs Castiel got the blanket to the laundry room and came back to see Claire standing in the open door, fanning the door back and forth in giant arcs.
He realized that in the back of his mind the entire time since he’d picked up his guitar, he’d been thinking of a blue eyed man. He’d definitely like to have some of that rich man’s fun. He had to admit that Castiel was a beautiful man. He had a quiet intensity and a quirky formality, but it was not an affectation, from what Dean observed. He was actually reserved and somewhat awkward in his personality, as if he was constantly on the edge of feeling utterly lost in the company of others.
Both Benny and Dean guffawed loudly after the door closed.
Another time, his mother and father had split up for a while, and his mom had left to “figure things out,” leaving them with their father whose way of coping was drinking to excess and leaving them alone for days or weeks on end. Their pantry was empty and the grocery money had run out, so Dean tried pilfering some bread and peanut butter from the local convenience store for Sam to have something in his belly. Getting caught was not so bad, but it was the reaction of his dad that did him in. “Let him rot.” Thanks, dad. The sheriff took “pity” on him and sent him to a home for wayward boys where he spent two months before his dad decided to come get him. He always thought it was more that John needed a babysitter for Sammy than that he cared about what happened to him.
“Pay the $211.63 for the arrears and $118, uh, 81, for the next six months. Since we don’t know what’s going on or what else may be coming. Don’t worry, Dean. I’ll pay it. You can pay me back after everything is settled.”
As if on cue, a loud rattling shakes the roof. Dean and Bobby arm themselves with shotguns and take positions at the far end of the warehouse.
So, when Adam told him about the sale of the hospital clinic to a corporation that had plans on making it the main healthcare facility of the county, Dean thought he could turn it into a rental house for any corporate people and medical professionals that would be moving to town. That way, at least it’d be lived in, and somewhat taken care of. He had no interest in it, and wouldn’t have cared if it burned to the ground, except for the fact that he was the custodian of the historic building that the people of the town were proud of.
“Can we get out and look at the stars while you do that? Jack always loved identifying the constellations.
“I am never one to let academics suffer over acts of discipline. Suspensions that rob a student of the ability to continue with their education, has always been a pet peeve of mine. It does not help the student learn, in the end it does not have value to society. It does not help anyone grow and learn compromise or cooperation. We have the end of this nine weeks coming up. Many projects would be left by the wayside, grades would go down and dare I say, resentments would form. I’ll not punish the hard work of our students. Suspensions are for the rest of today and before and after school tomorrow. No before or after school work or extracurricular activities will be allowed, including sports practices. We will have after school detentions for the rest of the week and Saturday detention as well. If you don’t or cannot attend, we will deal with that on an individual basis, but if it’s just that you do not show up, there will be more severe and long lasting consequences. As always in cases like these, we will have mandatory group and individual counseling sessions, especially for the instigating trio, as well as a charity work project competition that the previously opposing individual students will have to work together on a team in competition with others. These sessions and competitions will occur in part during P.E. classes, in place of lunch recess and morning breaks as well as before and after school.” Ms. Mosley and Rowena consulted quietly with each other briefly.
Dean nodded, still smiling, but the smile from his eyes became an intense gaze. He had never really seen the Doc smile a real smile that touched his eyes in the way it was doing now. The blue became even bluer…if such a thing was possible. He had soft laugh lines around his eyes which were sparkling with a mischievousness. Dean’s eye was drawn to Castiel’s smile. Beautiful white teeth with just a hint of gums showing. Yes, this was a genuine happy smile, not just “pleasant doctor” shit.
As they continued to speak with her father, Jack and Claire, Emma watched Dr. Novak and her Uncle Benny. They were definitely making a lot of eye contact and she could almost swear they were flirting. What the hell? Did they already know and like each other
He knew the school would suspect him of hitting her but with Ben as a witness, and the fact that Dean would
Balthazar was going to make a joke about it, but considering the small amount he’d been clued in on already, he refrained.
“Sounds like a plan to me. We can work on homework, if they have or are allowed to have any. I can order everyone’s favorite pizza. Wait! Maybe your punishment is everyone has to eat their least favorite pizza, huh? Ha!?” Dean looked up at Castiel and winked.
Deputy Barker looked furtively around at the other parents in the room.
He shook his head again, thinking he could use Jack’s request to call Benny “uncle” to launch into his discussion over his news, but remembered Claire wanted to talk about hers first.
Michael was not going to let his parents have the upper hand. When he turned and saw them both standing in the middle of the room, he walked past them and went around to his fathers seat behind the desk. He did not sit, but tossed the file folder on the desk.
“Don't worry, Dean. We’re going to get to the bottom of this and handle it. We’ve got at minimum, eighty-five days. But depending on the situation, we can get an extension, or may not even need to worry about an extension.”
++++++++++
“Yes. I will return immediately with your dog,” Castiel took the glass from Dean, washed it out and placed it in the drain rack.
He decided not to go in the Briefing Room too early. He didn’t know if anyone had regular seats they preferred and he didn’t want to step on toes on his first day. He went to his locker and tested his remembrance of his locker combination. He didn’t have anything on him to put in his locker, so he shut it and left. Surprisingly, no one else was in the locker room.
“That’s good baby, that’s good” she patted his hands. “You’re such a good boy. Sissy and Gabe love their good boy.” He just nodded and cry-laughed more.
“Just because you had a good experience and a wonderful loving and understanding father, doesn’t mean that every other person does. So, not everyone can just come out and tell their parents, other family members, their workplace or sometimes even their friends. And it is conceivable that your father may have had bad experiences with his parents or other family members that made him not want to or be fearful of coming out. Other people sometimes are just afraid they’ll hurt their family members if they lived openly gay. Each person is different.”
“Then spill, because at this point, I don’t like leaving Anna alone at home with Mom and Dad, and I’m terrified for our baby brother.”
“It’s OK, we can wait.” He said to Dean, watching Miracle jump into his lap. He turned to Claire and Jack.
“SAM!”
“Alright. Let’s get going.” Michael clapped his hands together, and headed out the door to begin packing his own bag.
“I'm an Angel of the Lord.”
“You stop kicking and stop stealing all of the blankets.”
They started to walk as Castiel kept a hold of Dean. It was a very small space. Castiel had a flashlight and a few batteries in his book bag.
Jack started laughing at her choice of words.
“Well, that’s understandable, but…”
He had walked in just as the kids, sounding like a herd of bison, came running and leaping down the stairs. They appeared to have become fast friends in the little time they’d known each other. The most reserved of them, the girl Kaia, even had a huge smile on her face. Benny was glad to see that. He had similar reservations about her stepfather, and like Dean, wanted to make sure she was taken care of.
Castiel had just finished cleaning up the kitchen as Jack and Claire came shoving each other down the stairs.
“Of course, Jack.” Castiel smiled proudly. “And you understand that I am, and will always be, proud of you and love you for everything that you are?
She pointed for him to make a round through the parking lot before their first loop around the block. It was still somewhat early for the big morning crowd, so they would not be hindering students or staff. They stopped by the officer at the Drop Off area, introduced Gabriel and then pulled off.
Saturday 10am-4pm
Michael stood up, pulling his sister with him. He stepped over towards Gabriel, put his hand out and pulled Gabriel to his feet.
Then maybe Claire has a point. If he chose to date Benny, and that’s the first time he’s dated a man, then that must mean he took a long time to think about it and it must not have been an easy decision for him. So let the man live his life, and don’t try to think about breaking him up with Benny.” Sam stood up, too. “Besides, if your dad and Dr. Novak were meant to be, they’ll get together eventually.”
“We don’t talk to them.” Claire said flatly. “They seemed nice enough when we were really little, but they always would say mean things about our dad and then they said they were going to try to take us away from Daddy. Uncle Gabriel and Daddy never let them see us again and I’m glad. I didn’t really like them and definitely didn’t want them to take us from Daddy.”
Benny and Lee walked in just as Ezekiel finished his task.
Michael raised his eyebrows at his mother daring her to speak again. “And just to let you know, those are copies. I have several other copies of it all, hidden in safe places, and my lawyer has copies in sealed files, so he doesn’t know the contents. And I also have all the originals. I have others as well, I just thought these would gain your attention quicker and offer me the most leverage.”
“My dad is a great person. Everyone likes him and he gets along with most people.” Emma insisted in defense of her father.
Jody spun Donna around on the dance floor. Bobby and Crowley danced too. Close and comfortable.
The school nurse appeared, ready to escort Dean and Benny to the children. Dean just kept Miracle in his lap. It was too crowded in the office for all the people, his wheelchair with his leg sticking straight out and the dog under foot. He saw the secretary leading Castiel to his two. The other deputy was standing at the door of the school infirmary, just putting his pen in his breast pocket and shoving his notepad in his back pocket. He looked up, and seeing Benny, smiled.
Dean opened his mouth to speak, but he didn’t know whether to apologize or get angry. He closed his mouth. Then, as Adam pulled the sticky gown off,
“C’mon, Castiel, you knew this was coming. You can't think that after what? three years, that you going on a date is not big news.” Anna protested.
“What in the hell does that mean? Are we like Illuminati or something?” Gabriel laughed.
Emma looked at her uncle suspiciously. Why were he and Dr. Novak so buddy-buddy? How’d Dr. Novak know phrases Uncle Benny used? She didn’t like it. It wasn’t that she had anything against either her Uncle Benny or Dr. Novak, she loved her Uncle Benny almost like a second dad. And she liked Dr. Novak, but she wanted Dr. Novak for her dad, not Uncle Benny. She elbowed her brother. He seemed to have no idea why she was elbowing him. She’d have to explain later.
“Please, Michael! He’s just a little boy! Please!” She fell on him and clung to him for dear life, sobbing and wailing. “He’s just turned eight years old! Please!” Eventually, he wrapped his arms around her, rocking and crying with her. Gabriel fell back, still sobbing, drawing his knees up to hug to himself, and sat watching. Finally, Michael sat her up and swept her hair away from her face.
Come Slide On In
After a crazy night of eating and drinking. The whole house was filled with laughter. Nothing made Dean smile more than the sound of laughter coming from kids.
“Pamela? Firefighter Pamela from the calendar? And your friend Lee from the hospital, calendar and restaurant?” Castiel inquired, smiling and blushing even more.
“Hey, I’m sorry to bother you, and actually for all of this. I just wanted to say thank you for speaking up for my brother. That doesn’t happen a lot with people who don’t really know him.”
“You’ll see. No more secrets. No more lies. No more abuse for our brother.”
“We need to get downstairs and clean up the kitchen, get Anna’s things from the front lawn and hose down the blood off the front walk.” Michael directed.
“I’m sorry. I didn’t…know.”
“That would explain you never getting any mail or notices about the account.” Sam interjected.
hit his kids.
Dean held his hands up in surrender. “This is all new information to me.”
The laughing sobs coming from Cassie, the smile big enough to see his teeth, the spasms as his chest rose and fell, Gabriel was undone. He closed the door, sobbing, tears rolling down his face. He could barely see to drive and scraped the side of his car as he pulled out of the garage. They stopped in the driveway long enough for Anna to jump in the passenger seat, after Castiel wailed for her, and drove out of the gate.
“Yes, Claire and Jack.” Castiel turned to look at them and turned back to Dean.
Benny had entered the hospital just as Castiel was walking away from the nurses station. Castiel smiled and went to greet him. He reached out tentatively for Benny’s hand. He wanted to show affection, but wasn’t sure whether Benny was okay with it or not. He had thought about what Gabriel had said about how he wanted to live his life, and he’d decided on “openly.” To live fully and happily as any other person would. He still planned on having his talk with the children tonight; he didn’t want to put it off. From his short talk with Claire, he felt encouraged that his news would be met with warm approval.
He lifted his hat and headed down the hall.
“We need to get our gear from Uncle Gabe’s. I wish we had it now so we could fish in the morning.”
“My head hurts.”
Fudged Nipple
“Mmm, it is.” Castiel slowed the car to a stop. “People in the country and rural areas like this sometimes prefer to have bigger mailboxes when they’re houses are so far from the road and the mail person doesn’t always go up to their doors to bring packages. Usually, they have to go into town to pick them up.”
“You know what, never mind Cas.”
Castiel arched an eyebrow, smiled with a provocative, smug arrogance and pulled Benny in for a much less tame kiss. Backing him up against the stall, he cradled the back of Benny’s head with one hand while tucking his other hand beneath his lightweight jacket to hold him around the waist.
When they made it to the temple, one of the tribe leaders was there waiting.
Dean leaned closer into Castiel’s chest. He could feel the doctor’s deep voice rumble soothingly in his chest. Like an intoxicating palliative, he felt a need to curl up against the strength and press his ears against the steady thump of Castiel’s heart.
Still drunk, he gently woke up Castiel. “Hey Cas, why don’t we go sleep somewhere more comfortable?”
“Don’t worry Cassie. I won’t tell anyone anything I promise.”
“Sam. Adam. Gabriel. Michael. Can you hear us?”
“Well, not a—” Cas began.
“I love me some pie,” Dean was all smiles “and this smells delicious!”
“What!?” Claire exclaimed angrily. “Your dad has dated ALL of those people?”
“How’d it go, Doc?” They asked in unison.
Adam played with the ring box in his pocket. He wanted to make sure he didn’t lose it. He was nervous and his hands were starting to sweat. He thought about how all the different ways this could go wrong and Adam really didn’t want to think about how things could go horribly wrong.
“Ugghh.” Dean rolled his eyes. “Really?”
