Sam smiled meekly. “Thanks, Cas. Of course, that is all depending on whether or not I get through these next two weeks of school.”
Cas took a deep breath and looked up. He didn’t quite meet Dean’s eyes. “I was returning this to Sam,” he said, a slight tremble in his voice as he offered the jacket to Dean.
“I just—I just wanted to apologize. For last week,” Dean clarified. “I’m sorry for putting you out like that. And, ugh, thank you for taking care of me. You didn’t have to do that.”
Cas was breathless when Dean entered him, bodies finally connected in the most intimate way they knew. Cas had almost forgotten this feeling of being so full, not just the physical pressure, but the emotional satisfaction as well of feeling Dean move inside him, the wild beating of his heart as their chests press together, and soaking in every little noise of pleasure Dean makes. Cas lies there in what can only be called wonder.
Charlie's brows drew together. “How about, ‘I don’t agree?’ Or ‘You’re the only person I want to be with.’ Or ‘That’s a load of bullshit, I’m sorry for being a mega asshole, I still love you, please let me prove it to you.’ Simple.”
He and Cas stare at each other, the phone trilling on the counter just a few feet away. Cas’s nose crinkles. “Are you gonna get that?”
Another tray claps down across from him and Cas waits until he finishes the paragraph he’s on to lower the book and greet his best friend.
An angry cough grabs his attention and Dean focuses on Cas. He hands his arms crossed over his chest, one brow arched, and not a lick of patience to be found. “Are you going to explain yourself?”
Rejection was a scary process, a physical and volatile manifestation of heartbreak that tore the body down, took your inner wolf and shoved it through a paper shredder. Dean had woken with a pain in his chest so deep, it was like he could feel the bones expanding and stretching, trying to breach skin.
Cas’s brows lift, curious and now more than a little concerned. “Okay. I actually need to talk to you about something as well.”
Cas heads toward the fridge and checks on the rolls of cookie dough he has setting. He was going to back cut them out and bake them tonight after he finished with his decorations. Maybe he should make an early batch so he can take some to Dean’s.
Her eyes blink open slowly and look at him like she can’t believe her eyes for a moment and then her chin starts to tremble. “Uncle D-Dean.”
Cas tried to stay busy on Saturday. He woke up and decided to clean the entire apartment, sweeping and mopping all of the floors, dusting every surface, changing the air vents.
Except the next morning when Cas wakes up, Dean is gone. He finds a note on the counter at the shop doing paperwork for Bobby! Should be home by 4:00.
Cas feels worry creep into her chest and squeeze her lungs. It’s not like Deanna to skip school. Could it have been because of their conversation yesterday?
“Stop joking around,” Sam snapped. “You could have killed yourself. Dammit, Dean, I want to know what is with this sudden bout of self-destruction! What’s going on?”
Sam had no clue what that meant but he also knew Dean to enough to know that was all he was going to get on the subject. For now.
He breaks off when a strong scent hits him, heady and unnameable but definitely not good. He looks over and finds Brady standing in the doorway, eyes shifting between Dean and Callie before finally landing on Dean and settling on something like… horror?
“Ohhhhhh, that sounds fun,” Charlie gushed. “I’ve never been to India. Always wanted to go explore the wonders of Bollywood.”
The name is like a bucket of ice water. Cas immediately starts to pull away. “Yeah, she’s probably worried-”
That gives Cas the strength he needs to face Dean, shock etched across his face. “Dean, w-what are you talking about? What’s happening?”
, who play old people music in the middle of the night and dance in the kitchen like they’re the only two people in the world.
Dean shakes his head, bites his lips, does everything he can think of to keep the words at bay. But all he can think of are Cas and Callie bearing another alpha’s name, Cas with another alpha’s bite, Callie thinking she shares blood with a man she doesn’t even like. A man who belittles their wishes, whose family spoke to Cas as if his eight years as a single parent meant nothing because of his designation.
Cas could see the anger stiffening Dean’s shoulders, but Dean’s words had numbed him to the point where he couldn’t reach out to help. His breathing felt shallow and all he could do was stare at the house while Dean’s words “almost ours” echoed in his head.
He didn’t know how many days had passed with him trapped in bed before Charlie somehow found him and had him transported to a hospital. To say the doctors were confused was an understatement. Rejection wasn’t necessarily rare but it was nearly unheard of outside of an actual mated pair — and Dean definitely wasn’t mated. Hell, he wasn’t even dating anyone.
“I, uh, I put myself on snack duty,” he replies and flinches when he feels the crushed pretzels in his fist. Cas notices and Dean’s immediate reaction is to unclench his hand and a few crumbs start to fall on the floor and flails for a moment, no idea what to do from here.
Dean’s hands have fallen to his hips he he looks down with a dopey smile, eyes lighting up. “Is that my sweater?”
Dean had grinned. He knew Cas didn’t like inviting magic into his life. It meant a lot that he would ask his sister to work on a tea just for Dean. He takes a sip and put his mug on the bedside table so he can take Cas’s hand. Cas’s hand doesn’t feel ice cold to him anymore, it’s rather warm and soft and his fingers curl around Cas’s on instinct. Cas’s curl back.
Dean straightens, gaping after the little girl until her father starts to laugh. He slides Cas a look, eyes wary. “Guess I’m already on thin ice.”
Dean gave her a dark look but stood up and followed her to the bar. Charlie ordered four shots of something Dean had never heard of and a water for Dorothy. Then she turned to Dean. “So?”
Cas squeezes Deanna’s hands and makes herself look into her eyes. She looks close to crying too and Cas’s throat constricts again and she ponders how the happiest moment of her life can come with so much physical pain.
And if he was still going to be looked down on for being the “normal” one in the family, then he was going to roll with it as far as he could. Which, for the first year in his life, meant celebrating a fully decked out, ultra commercialized, corny Christmas instead of Yule.
“How exactly is this supposed to help with childbirth?” he mutters, struggling to pull his knee in a little closer.
“You passed out in the bathroom. We found you a while later sprawled out on the floor with your pants undone.” She snickers and Dean feels all the color leave his face. “Pretty sure you tripped while trying to pee. Very smooth.”
“My apologies. I was having problems with a friend of mine. But, anyway, congratulations, Sam.” Cas smiled broadly and handed Sam a black bag.
The championship game is a home game and Cas’s friends talk him into going. He isn’t amongst the first to arrive and his seat is a safe distance from Dean’s base. He doesn’t want to be a distraction even when a dark voice tells him he wouldn’t be because Dean has moved on. Cas is just a bitter part of his past now.
Sam’s eyes snapped to Dean’s. “Yeah. He, um, he said that while you’re here, you can get the last box of your stuff. It’s in the hall closet.”
Dean kissed the tip again and then licked, slipped his tongue through the slit then ran it down, down, down, down—
Cas lets his hand drift under Dean’s shirt, needing more of his warmth. “I nearly went mad yesterday, picturing you out there with Lisa. I thought… I thought about you going home with her and I couldn’t-” his breath hitches and he buries his face in Dean’s chest.
As Cas rambles, the general shock wares off and Dean feels his chest tighten fondly, feels a familiar heat thrumming proudly through his body and preens for just a second as he realizes how big an honor this actually is. For Cas to trust him enough to ask him to accompany him to these classes, a very intimate part of his pregnancy. It makes his alpha overjoyed.
He’s looking at the floor so intently, hands into his pockets now and Cas knows a defeated Dean Winchester when he sees one. Whoever this person is, they’ve done a number on his friend without even realizing it.
Dean doesn’t no how long they stay suspended in space, doesn’t really care. He knows that when they separate, he feels different. Like a different person. Like his body isn’t fully his own anymore. And he loves it.
He hears Cas breathe a sigh of relief. “Thank you so much. Callie has her own key to the apartment and I have all sorts of medicine in the cabinet. Just get her there so she’ll start to calm down and see what she needs. I’ll be on the next flight to O’Hare but it’s not until morning.”
Dean chuckles and reaches over to Cas’s tray to pluck some of his fries. “Told you to join the cheer squad. They always manage to stay warm,” Dean teases, his eyes sparkling, and he tosses the fries into his mouth.
Cas is spread out on the bed, completely naked, one hand splayed over his swollen stomach and the other between his legs, fingering his hole. The room smells like omega arousal and sweet slick and Dean can see the way it coats Cas’s fingers as he pumps them in and out of himself and he can’t help the way his tongue darts out to wet his lips.
“It’s like I’m cursed,” Cas finally whispers. When Dean looks up, Cas’s eyes are finally open and the disappointment is dark blue and heavy.
Cas felt a gentle touch on his arm and stirred. His head felt heavy and it was a great physical feat to turn it. Dean made out the blurry lines of a smile on Dean’s face.
“Hmm? Yeah, we gotta make—Oh.” The excited expression of Charlie’s face softened into one that was half affection, half pity. “I-I guess we never got to tell you. Dorothy is pregnant. She’s due in June.”
He migrated to the couch where he lied down and, determined not to waste his last day at home wallowing about Dean and what should have been, turned the TV to some silly show about hoarding.
Dean looks down and Cas is holding a hand out toward him. Dean takes it without hesitation and helps his friend to his feet. Cas grips him and sways for a moment and Dean’s hands instinctively go to his hips.
He’s gone in the morning before Cas wakes up. Cas sends a text to check on him before he goes into his first class of the day and Dean’s response says he’s feeling much better and that he’s picking up Thai for dinner because he’s working another double.
Dean nuzzles his neck, hands still running wild. “In one of the bags in the car,” he says. “Thought I could use it to steal a kiss.” He nibbles on Cas’s earlobe, presses his lips to the bolt of Cas’s jaw. “Turns out I didn’t need it after all.”
“This is his fiancée, Jess,” Cas continued. “And Dorothy and her wife, Charlie.” All three women nodded and said their hellos. “And this is Dean.”
“I’ll be here,” Cas calls after him, more than a little confused at the way Dean walks way from like like he’s marching toward his death.
“Right. Okay, Cassie, well, since I am such a wonderful friend, I’m going to tell you what to do. You are going to go home and change into some decent clothes-”
Cas blows out a heavy breath. “Explain why you’re this close to blackout drunk at my semination party without even coming to talk to me?”
Dean wanders over to the kitchen. The counter has been transformed into a self-serving bar, littered with liquor bottles and mixers. He thinks of Cas scrunching his nose up at a joke Balthazar tells him, something that would go over Dean’s head, and Dean pours himself a few fingers of whiskey and shoots it back like he’s chasing the thoughts out of his head.
Cas is not unused to Dean’s we’re gestures but he still finds himself tearing up as he slows down for the first time since his feet hit the ground and approaches his boyfriend.
“I, ugh, I better get going,” he says, gesturing toward the door and trying to fight off another yawn.
Dean shrugs. “I think that’s up to the individual. He did some bad things but I don’t know if that necessarily makes him a bad person.”
“Oh, shit, Mom’s gonna flip when she catches sight of you! You’ll probably get a good smack to the head.”
“To be honest, I was surprised that you didn’t burn all of my things. I kept expecting to gets boxes of ashes.”
Dean looked away again. “It’s really stupid, Cas. I’m ashamed I even listened. I wasted so much precious time with you. I made you miserable. I threw away the best thing that ever happened to me and I will always have to live with that guilt and regret.”
Dean hears the front door slam again and sighs, body moving out into the living room before he can even think about it.
Dean stares, trying to understand if Cas is lying or if Dean has really been that big of an idiot this entire time. “I used to ask you out all the time!” he finally shouts. “I-I-I asked you out to dinner like a month after we moved in together. I asked you out to see that band you like when they were in town! I tried to take you bowling! I invite you to the movies all the time but you always say no! I even tried to kiss you at that Halloween party last fall and you almost pushed me off the couch!” That was when Dean had finally given up. Message received loud and clear.
Mary Winchester looks up from the cookbook she’s staring at like it’s encrypted and smiles at Cas. “I was going to make an attempt but I think I’ll play it safe and just order pizza.” She closes the book and pushes it away with great pleasure. “How have you been?”
His body was still recuperating from the other night. It felt like he had run a marathon instead of practically drinking an entire bar. And his mind… Well, that had been messed up long before then. But now he had images of Cas rotating in his head 24/7 and it was damn annoying.
Dean growls, chest firing with something hot and bitter. “Don’t talk about Cas like that,” he warns with all the control he has left.
The students around her break into applause and Cas tries to hide her blush. She puts the mask and the invitation back in the box and awkwardly navigates through everyone and to the gym. She never even opens her locker.
Dean fought his way through the arrivals gate in late July. His phone kept buzzing and he couldn’t help looking every time, waiting for a response from Cas, but instead it was just a Charlie and Dorothy sending pictures of their baby back and forth in a groupchat he was getting ready to remove himself from.
“Mmmhmmmm.” Dean fought to sit up and attempted to shrug out of his jacket. Instead, all he did was somehow get it twisted behind his back.
Dean doesn’t seem to believe him at first but when Cas tilts his head and keeps smiling, Dean starts to smile too, all crooked teeth and crinkled eyes. “Okay!”
Dr. Mills finally comes in, warm smile in place. “Good morning, Castiel,” she greets as she goes straight to her counter, washing her hands and pulling on a fresh pair of gloves. When she faces him again, her smile is brighter. “Looks like you’ve reached that peak pregnant glow.”
Dean is released from the hospital a week later. Cas takes him home and immediately puts him to bed where Dean is forced to endure another week of letting someone take care of him. Dean pouts and grumbles about it but Cas catches his soft blushes and smiles and knows that deep down he enjoys being spoiled. And Cas damn sure loves spoiling him.
But then there’s a crashing sound and Cas nearly stabs himself in the knee with the scissors. In a flash, he’s on his feet, scissors clutched tightly in his hand, and he waits, not even breathing.
Dean pushes the mask away. “You said it was... your favorite place. And... you haven’t been...since... we started dating. I... wanted to... surprise you.”
Everyone knows when the team has made it because it suddenly goes from outstandingly loud to unbearably loud. Cas catches glimpses of Dean through the crowd. He’s smiling with his team which is storming the bar for drinks. People of hollering their congratulations and singing songs of victory at the top of their lungs.
It takes more than Dean wants to admit to keep himself from crying. “Me too, sweetheart,” he chokes out. “More than you’ll ever know.”
“You boys drive safely,” Ellen said, pressing a kiss to each of the their cheeks before going off to finish cleaning.
His hands drift down to Cas’s stomach without thinking, as they often do. Cas is about four months now and just starting to show. It still bewilders Dean every day when he gets to see and feel the evidence of their lives together, just like it had whenever he saw Cas’s wedding ring on his finger after they first got married. Took him months to fully wrap his head around that. Or the mating mark on Cas’s neck and the matching one on Dean’s. It just all still felt very surreal, like a fever dream Dean was desperate to never wake up from.
“Dean,” Cas says and Dean can hear that old familiar rage hardening his friend’s tone. “I would remember if you had tried to kiss me so what the hell are you talking about?”
“Uh, he had something come up at work so he’ll be a little late.” It happens pretty often and Dean knows it’s out of Brady’s control — and lord knows he’s had his fair sure of spontaneous late nights and last-minute emergencies. Dean shakes it off. “Come keep me company in the kitchen. Dinner’s almost done.”
The events of the early morning fiasco had come rushing back and he’d been trapped for several minutes, just staring at Dean’s sleeping face – the way he had done hundreds of times before. But where it used to fill him with affection, he found himself panicking in the middle of his bedroom.
It was a photo of them, him and Cas. They were dancing, two hands interlocked in front of them while Dean’s free arm held Cas’s waist and Cas’s free hand rested on Dean’s shoulder. Cas had his head tilted back, his mouth opened wide in a gummy smile as he laughed. Dean was just watching him, the most blissful expression on his face.
“Excellent decision,” another woman chimes in. “Balthazar will finally have his legal rights as the alpha parent.”
He closes his eyes, leans his head back against the wall, and starts to undo his pants. It takes him a minute, his body feeling slow and heavy, but eventually he makes enough room and takes his cock out. It twitches in the chill of Cas’s bathroom and he gives it a good stroke, base to tip. A low growl vibrates in his chest and his toes curl in his boots so he does it again and again, feeling better with each stroke.
Castiel waits about an hour after the kids fall asleep before he sneaks down the stairs, rolls or wrapping paper tucked under his arm. He fetches the secret stash of gifts from the hall closet — because if there’s one place he can count on the kids not poking around in, it’s the closet with all the cleaning supplies.
Dean shrugs. “Well, maybe one day then. In the meantime, you’re going to make a bunch of new friends here. And if you need someone to braid your hair, just call me.”
Cas lifted his champagne glass with the rest of his colleagues. As they cheered and chattered about the highs and lows of the semester he retreated back into his office.
Dean leans against the ladder, tilts his head up toward the sky and Cas practically quivers with how absolutely unfair it is. “No sweat. Not like I had anything better to do anyway.” He flashes Cas a smile. “Besides, I know how excited you are to finally get to do this.”
“I’m fine.” Cas wobbled for a second, opened and closed his mouth. “How do you… How do you know so much about Jainism?”
“Ha-ha,” Dean says dryly with an eyeroll that maybe Cas can’t see but can definitely hear. “Did you call for something other than making fun of me?”
When there’s still no message from Deanna by the time school ends, she starts to feel the worry squeezing on her chest again.
Dean hated his apartment. He hated where it was located. He hated how small it was and how big it seemed. He hated how quiet it was and how it smelled more of motor oil than cinnamon and lemongrass.
“It’s about damn time,” Charlie said as Cas took a seat between Dorothy and Jess that placed him right across from Dean.
Bobby and Benny weave around Cas and Bobby gives him a resigned head shake. “Don’t be too hard on him,” he advise before they step out of the room.
It takes all of Caswillpower to make himself climb off of Dean’s lap — and to be fair, it seems to take Dean a considerable amount of strength to let him go. But they eventually separate with soft smiles and a meeting place in mind.
It was all he could do not to moan as Cas walked toward them and Dean could see the smooth column of this throat and his a few inches of his chest where the top two buttons of the shirt sat open. The simple dark colors made Cas’s eyes practically glow and he was smiling brilliantly and Dean just couldn’t handle all of it.
Dean spent another ten minutes cursing himself. He just needed to get up and get it over with. The longer he spent sitting in bed freaking out, the more likely he was going to vomit and Cas definitely wouldn’t appreciate that.
Charlie jumped. “Oh my god, Cas! You should come! Saturday is Sam’s birthday and we’re having a party.”
But Dean is already sliding his card into the folder. “This is fine,” he says and hands it back to the waiter.
“Well, it’s what friends are for. You go get some sleep so you can get home on time tomorrow, okay? I got Callie.”
They wash in silence, occasionally bumping into each other. Together, they have everything done in minutes and Dean finds himself a little disappointed. But night has fallen outside and he knows Brady is probably waiting up.
Cas waded through the crowd toward the bathroom. He broke through the door and took what felt like his first breath of air in hours. He relieved himself with a great sigh, then went to wash his hands. He splashed his face with cold water, hoping it would jolt him from the drunken stupor he was falling into. It didn’t help much.
Cas doesn’t move at first, torn between her responsibility and her friend. But in a way, Deanna is her responsibility too.
Cas’s answer was instant and Dean’s eyes snapped to Cas’s and they held each other’s gazes for a long moment, lost together in that endless void they had found within one another.
Tomorrow is their first day off together in a while. Cas decides he’ll do something special, maybe wake up early and make Dean breakfast in bed, something that will no doubt have Dean rolling his eyes even as he tries to hide his blush at the kind gesture. Cas has come to enjoy the challenge of spoiling Dean to the point that it’s almost his favorite game.
Cas just laughed at him. “Don’t worry, this one is just peppermint. I think you’re well enough we can back off the bitter stuff.”
Dean laughs and kisses the top of Cas’s head and it strikes Cas that they haven’t really kissed in several days now. “I’m sure it won’t come to that, Cas.”
“Of course,” Cas says like it should be obvious. “You’re like the only other adult in the city Callie can even stand. And you act like I don’t know that you practically raised Sam or forgot how you cared for me in college. I never doubted your ability to care for her.”
He sees the doctor perk up from the corner of his eye and bites his own lip. Clearly, he’s giving away a little too much. But whatever he’s revealed, Cas doesn’t pick up on it.
A loud knock shakes the bathroom and Dean jerks, a yelp ripped from his throat as the cup slips from his hand and into the sink, the water washing it down the drain.
Cas stops a few feet away, allowing the two their moment. He sees Dean glance his way but nothing in his demeanor changes. Maybe he really had forgotten Cas.
The gears in Dean’s brain are spinning wildly. Because he remembers that cake. Peanut butter cake with chocolate ganache and caramelized bananas. Dean made it near the end of his first year of culinary school... for Cas’s birthday.
He’s given a lot of thought to what he’s going to say once Cas arrives. He’s planned a whole speech, rehearsed it in his mind until the clock on his phone bled from late night to the early morning hours. He knows it by heart now.
“Wait, Dean.” Cas grabbed his wrist before Dean could move. He looked into blue eyes that looked at uncertain as he felt. Then Cas said, “It’s late. You should stay here. You can sleep on the couch or you can… you can sleep with me.”
Dean shakes his head, hands clinging to the edge of the roof where he’s stringing Christmas lights. “Who grabbed my ass?”
Gabe fakes a look of disappointment. “Oh my, was that today? Anna, why didn’t you tell me we were supposed to put up decorations today?”
Dean tries to smile apologetically rather than look like a man running for the hills. “Sorry but it’s my only day off this week and we haven’t had a lot of time together, ya know?”
And that’s how he felt right now. Destroyed. Because he hadn’t missed the way Cas’s face fell when Dean had opened the door or the way he had frozen up. And definitely hadn’t missed the way Cas had jerked away from Dean’s hand as if it was made of lightning.
When he says the last part his voice whispers across the back of Cas’s neck, reigniting the inferno in Cas’s groin and he jerks so hard he kicks the tree. He curses and Dean takes a step back but his hands don’t leave, instead just slide down Cas’s body, one bracing on Cas’s back while the other falls to his hip.
Dean had scoffed at the silly question. “I did say your favorite, didn’t I? So you gonna clear some space so we can eat or you want me to beat it and let you carry on with your books?”
“What did I tell you about taking that mask off one more time?” Bobby warns and Dean snaps the oxygen mask back in place, eyes simmering with annoyance.
Dean pulls him into a hug and kisses the side of his neck. “Cas just called and asked if I could pick Callie up and bring her the museum ‘cause he’s got a meeting.”
Deanna nods as she swallows and Cas does not at all track the movement of her throat. “Yeah. To be honest, I was considering saving it as a surprise and having you walk in Friday and just find it there. But then I thought how shitty would it be if you put all this work into a dance and died of a heart attack the night before. So I’m letting you know now.”
“Because Cas said he needs these when he goes over to Dean’s tonight,” Anna explains for probably the seventh time since she dragged Gabriel back out into the cold. “It’s the perfect time to cast the spell without Dean realizing anything.”
Then a new song came on and Balthazar pepped up. They were all several drinks gone at this point and speech was getting messy and bodies were loosening. “This song!” the Brit exclaimed. “Oh, I love this song! Cas, c’mon, we’re dancing!”
“Dean?” Fingers snap in his face and Dean blinks back to reality to find Cas staring at him, eyes a little less wild and more worried. They soften when Dean focuses. “You’re thinking too hard,” Cas says.
The party eventually quieted down when Ellen brought the cake out. They put a funny hat on Sam and sang happy birthday. Then the party returned and Jess was dragging Cas onto the dance floor where he awkwardly swayed and spun Jess, too drunk to care about how ridiculous he must have looked.
on the chance to let it out. No all-powerful threats, no apocalypses, no worlds ending. Just them on the road. They had
Castiel held his words for a moment, thoughts forming and imploding all at once until he could speak. “I do not require rest, Dean.” He spoke eventually, the human voice granted to him by James Novak restrained as he tried to let Sam sleep. Whispering, Dean had referred to it as once. To let humans sleep.
Dean rested his palm on the table, his forearm brushing against Cas’ bare skin. Inhaling sharply, Dean leaned in again, this time with purpose, tilting his head and brushing his nose along Cas’ cheek.
The rest of Cas’ words—if there were any—were lost to Dean. His arms grew numb and his phone slipped in his grasp before steely resolve flowed into his bloodstream, pumping his heart into action. He increased his pace, taking wide strides to make it out of the woods.
Something warm nuzzled at Dean’s thighs, prodding his legs until they fell open. Dean looked down to find some sort of gazelle staring at him. Its eyes replaced with those of a familiar gaze.
better!” Marissa shouted again. “I want—” she cut herself off. Raising her chin in steely determination, Marissa offered a hollowed-out, twisted grin. “There’s a little boy in the bathroom. I’ll bet his heart will taste real sweet.”
you,” Dean whispered, face heating and feeling awfully similar to how Jack must feel every time his hand was caught eating cereal straight from the box. “Chaining you here. It’s why your grace is fading, maybe. Sam thinks so anyway.”
Dean nodded, “sure.” He let out a snort. “I guess they were taking turns, huh? Up until Brad and Marissa, it was always solo hikers out on the public side of the land. Only one heart each.” Grimacing, Dean walked over to where he had spotted his gun. He bent over to pick it up, inspecting it for any damage. “Guess they were getting impatient. Wanted one each.”
face by the jaw and drawing him in. Instead of being swallowed whole into a larger being, Cas met his lips for a kiss. Slow and smoldering like the remains of a fire. A reminder of what once was; a promise of what could be.
The motion caused Dean to tense, prodding him to cock the handgun in his grip. “What the hell are you talking about, Marissa?”
“You don’t have to thank me,” Dean pushed, reaching for the scissors so that he could cut and secure the wrap. “That’s what we do. Save people. Hunt things.”
He stared for a moment at the old paint that marked the motel’s wall. He could almost hear Dean sigh, the Righteous Man allowing his shoulders to sag now that there was no appearance to keep up. Dean Winchester would staple a steel bar to his back if such a thing were possible and if it were viable for keeping his posture upright when facing anyone, kin or not.
There was another moment of contemplative silence, but it seemed Sam had nothing left to say. He knocked on the witness’ door, taking care not to meet Dean’s eye. Dean wondered what that meant. Wondered if Sam felt the same way when he saw sunflowers.
“Yeah, Dean,” Sam nodded, “I guess it’s not that surprising, really.” His words sounded thoughtful, prodding, and dangerous. “I guess I mean that I’m surprised that people reading the books were affected by Cas enough to name
“Way to make a fella feel special,” Dean aimed for teasing, but he couldn’t help the genuinity in his voice. “Can I touch you?” Whispering, Dean moved the hand that had been in his mouth. He reached out into the space beyond, remembering the first time he had seen Cas’ True Form. The way those feathers had felt beneath his fingertips.
“Dad did it for me all the time,” Dean replied instinctively, teeth grinding together. Two werewolves, especially in the large dark, were a different beast entirely. Two hunters against two werewolves weren’t bad odds, especially when those hunters were the Winchesters, but still—
,” Cas whispered thoughtfully. His eyes flickered to Dean before he took a tentative sip of his mug. “I suppose you could say that it’s a… bond.”
The burger nearly melted on his tongue. The mayo was tangy in a sense that shouldn’t have fit, but did. The burger wasn’t nearly as bloody as he had feared. Instead, it was something with a soft pink middle. A grilled and seasoned outside. The dressing and pickles could come and go, the rye didn’t matter, but the steakburger itself was cooked to perfection. Dean stifled a moan from it.
the weight of the werewolf pressing him into the wet soil. His gun was lost as soon as his arm made solid contact with the ground. He cursed aloud, pressing his hands into the shoulders of the beast to keep its gaping maw away from his body.
heard Baby.” He looked over his shoulder at the child in question who sat on one of the beds with his toys.
Slipping his hand away from the center of the wolf, Dean fumbled for the handle of his knife. He could feel the wet, warmth of the werewolf's jaw inching closer as he lost ground with this fight. The knife’s handle was at his fingertips and suddenly a thundering gunshot paused both Dean and the werewolf on top of him.
Pursing his lips and averting his gaze, Cas nodded. “I see.” He spoke gently before pushing himself up to stand.
Yet Castiel hungers. Hungers in a way that makes his stomach ache. Or is that the repulsion of his own actions? Now that he smells as much like brimstone as he does gun oil? There is a kind old drunk who taught a soldier to be a man that knows Castiel far more than any brother in Heaven ever has, and a too-smart brother with too-much self-preservation.
Sam’s furrow softened, understanding dawning against that brow and causing Sam to nod. “I know, Dean.” He confessed. “But… he’s back now.” He spoke slowly. “You’re… usually when he’s back it’s not like—” sighing, Sam ran his fingers through his hair. “Even after that time at the cabin when we got Cas back... Dean, I don’t think I’ve
“Yeah, buddy, Mountain Dew,” Dean promised, handing the small cup to Jack. His chubby hands reached and grabbed it carefully.
“If you get Rowena on the horn, I’ll start looking into the ghost theory.” Dean offered, flipping the small television set on and flickering through channels until something brightly colored appeared. Satisfied with the distraction for Jack, Dean moved back over to the table and shooed Sam out of his seat.
Sam sighed, his towering frame blocking the side of Dean’s face when he fell into step beside him on the sidewalk. “I doubt it. They’d still need somewhere to hide out during the day. The sun out here is terrible.”
“I am an angel of the Lord, sent by God,” he appeared before the Righteous Man again, who cried out at the sight of him and the sound of him.
Gone was the swimming feeling. Instead, there was nothing. The distant memory of the bed beneath him, but a glowing and mythical green surrounding him. He looked at the simulation of his hands—whether in his head or Cas’ gaze, and flexed his fingers.
That seemed to give Castiel pause. He hummed, turning to look at Scoob who had totally stopped to watch the conversation. Castiel turned that all-seeing and comforting gaze to Shaggy with a smile. “Yes, you may. I have no preference if you wish to call me Castiel or…
Dean Winchester has said yes to Michael. After all of that—all that they have been through—he deems this last resort worth it. And once more Dean is lost to Castiel. Just as he was with the Mark; just as he was with Crowley—and Castiel knows the irony there in a bone deep ache.
“What’s that?” Cas asked as Sam pulled out the third burger and set it in the middle of the table. He’d already started sprucing up his salad before Cas’ question caught him.
to meet someone named Castiel.” She chuckled. “I mean, you guys are supposed to be in town for a while, right?”
“You mean it ain’t all sunshine and beach weather?” Dean teased, clearly aware of the heat and humidity boiling outside.
.” He shook himself of wherever his thoughts were wandering. “My point is, Cas,” he sighed. “I don’t know. If I could see you, I’m sure I’d like it.” His words were a soft-spoken promise.
. He remembered his mom telling him that they were the tiniest sunflowers. The type they used in bouquets. Cassie had a small pot resting on her windowsill.
crooked his arms—and suddenly Dean’s body was cradling Cas’. Carrying him to the chair and setting him there was easy despite his loose footing.
Sam’s bitchface strengthened, a sharp inhale coming from him as he shook his head. “You just don’t get it, do you? Cas
Sam’s face tightened. “Maybe he wasn’t trying to kill her,” he suggested, “maybe he was trying to recruit her.”
“We were for a bit, but Jack was getting anxious sitting.” Cas’ voice was always a deep, comforting rumble. Ever since Jack had given up the God-Grace and reverted to being physically his age, ever since Cas had come
“Literally and figuratively; I got that,” Dean huffed. “Sure as hell didn’t make me see you.” He reached out, rubbing at the bolt of Cas’ jaw with the pad of his thumb. “So... guess that just makes me a normie, huh?” He smiled but it was twisted and sad.
, that he had grown too close to the humans in his charge. That’s what Heaven had told him. But he hadn’t
Chuckling, Dean nodded in agreement. He turned into the motel parking lot with ease. “We’ll eat and split the work. We should call up Rowena too. Ask if she knows about a coven out here.”
Looking rather sheepish, James removed his phone from his pocket. He attempted to wake the phone by clicking the button on the side, trying thrice before Dean could see that the phone wouldn’t wake up. He rolled his eyes at the sheer incompetence of the public defense attorney. How could Sammy handle it? Didn’t his
Cas smiled, indulging his son in that soft way Dean was unfamiliar with until Cas and Jack. “That’s right, Jack,” he spoke soothingly. “Only the female mosquitoes bite, though. They need the proteins in blood for their eggs.”
Dean grinned, grabbing the plate of pancakes with one hand and wrapping the other around Cas’ shoulders. “I could live with that.”
When Dean’s fingers reached their unknown destination, Cas felt a jolt run along his spine. No, not the spine of this physical body. He felt his very core shiver. Thousands of eyes closed in pleasure and rings spun soundlessly.
But it was there. The elephant was named. It was stampeding in Dean’s chest and rioting. Thundering and booming in his ears and sending lightning through his veins. They were here and Dean couldn’t ignore it. Or he could—he
Again Castiel nodded slowly. “...Norville?” His frown deepened. “I… had assumed most nicknames were derivatives of forenames.”
“And Haley,” Sam pointed with his chin, causing Dean to look over at his shoulder. Where there had once been a large, Alpha wolf was now a young woman with bloody, blonde hair. Dean thought about the sunny smile and the side hug framed on Marissa’s shelf and he grimaced. She hadn’t been much older than Marissa. Who wasn’t much older than Claire. God,
Sam’s bitchface was all the answer Dean needed. Grinning, he began pouring the ingredients into the bowl. The huff from behind him and the scrap of the chair told Dean that Sam had resigned, sitting down at the kitchen table.
Sam cleared his throat pointedly, drawing Dean’s attention. “What?” Dean returned the prying question.
Ananiel looked displeased at Castiel’s response, turning to face the future Righteous Man. “No, it’s not just that, Castiel.” The Captain furled their body into something smaller, a reflection of the vessels they would have to wear as they walked the Earth. Wordlessly, Castiel followed suit and moved forward with her.
“I have.” Cas drew back, watching as Dean looked on curiously. “And there is not a piece of you that I do not love.”
his body; no longer a vessel. That face hadn’t been Jimmy Novak for a decade. Hell, even when Jimmy wore it, there was something different about it. Maybe it was the cosmic being sparking it to life, the ethereal hint of something otherworldly missing, but Dean had known the difference. He
Dean trying to conserve spending? Well… Well, he didn’t have a good enough answer for that. And when he wouldn’t give Sam one, his brother turned a shit-eating grin to Abby.
Dean laid down, sighing as his back hit the memory-foam mattress. “I don’t gotta be worried about your body over there, do I?”
Sam’s lips thinned into a line, looking back at the man’s card. “Look, if this Moira turns out to not be involved in anything supernatural, then she’s really trying to sue Marissa.” He spoke softly. “James doesn’t seem like he’s willing to put in any more work than he has to.”
Smiling with a breathless laugh, Cas opened his eyes to meet Dean’s gaze again. “Takes one to know one.”
“I swear that I will never willingly leave your side,” Cas sighed, fluttering his eyes shut and leaning to press another sweet and slow kiss to Dean’s lips. When he drew back, Dean felt life breathe back into him again. Inhaled it, gobbled it, choked on it until his tears came anew. “I promise, Dean.”
James chuckled, dabbing at his forehead again with the now soaking handkerchief. “Thank you, agents.” He bowed his head, hands fumbling to find purchase in his pockets. Offering an awkward wave, James scurried out of the joint before Sam or Dean could reply.
.” His shit-eating grin was stretched across his dumb face maniacally. “Apparently, the burger place’s owner was a huge fan of the
A bubbled laugh escaped Cas, roiling across Dean’s skin like seafoam. Cas pulled back completely, turning to sit on the bed as to remove his shoes. Dean felt boneless against his memory foam, breath still caught somewhere in his throat and sweat clinging to his skin.
It makes Castiel’s stomach ache no less when he sees the hollow faces of the children. The Old Testament God requires Old Testament sacrifice—not that these children know what the Old or the New Testament are yet. Castiel is hesitant, told that they are not to interfere.
He can feel the bitch face boring a hole in the side of his head. “Your soul bonded to your best friend without a physical mating. I’m pretty sure that’s something to talk about.”
A loud voice yelled over the intercom, reminding them of where they stood wrapped up in each other. Cas pulled back first, grimacing at the seat of people moving around them.
Meg nods her head — or she could be bobbing it to the music, it’s hard to tell. “Yeah, Cas decided he wanted to meet him. They’re in his room.” Her eyes simmer darkly and she leans in close. “Might decide to do it the old fashioned way, ya know what I mean?”
“No, I’m not okay,” he snapped, all traces of laughter suddenly gone. “I’m fucking pissed. I’m fucking furious with you and I would really like to punch you in the face right now but that would be very rude.”
Dean’s lip trembles too when he says, “I love you too, sweetheart. And I always will. More than you’ll ever know.” He pulls her in for one last squeeze, kisses the top of her head, feels her tears dampen his T-shirt.
They went on chatting for a while, talking about school and how grateful they were that it was over. Charlie and Dorothy told them about their plans for the nursery. They had decided on emerald green for the walls and something about a blanket with a pattern of flying monkeys on it that Dean didn’t understand.
Dean gasps and puts the papers he’s grading away at a safe distance. His hands grip Cas’s hips, pulling him closer and Cas gives a delighted squeal and kisses him. It’s hot and sloppy and Cas keeps grinding on his cock and Dean feels like he’s burning with fever in just seconds.
The second is at a party and Dean completely ignores him. There’s an unspoken physical boundary that neither dares to cross and Dean’s eyes never wander in Cas’s direction after that initial contact. Cas goes home early, claiming a stomachache and he isn’t even lying.
Tightening her arm, Deanna steers Cas out of the mess that is the gymnasium. There’s still so much to be done: painting the backgrounds, stringing the lights, putting the stage together.
Nothing changes immediately. They take their time getting to know each other again and building the trust they need to make it work.
Dean took another deep breath, holding this one for a few heartbeats. “He came to Bobby’s again the next day and he went ballistic. Said I was disgusting for loving a man. He said… God, Cas, he used words I didn’t even think he knew. He was screaming and throwing my tools around. And then he said… He said that if-if my mom were here… she would hate me.”
Cas lets his hands roam up and down Dean’s back, just enjoying the feel of him, big and solid and here. Like a damn Christmas miracle. He laughs. “The kids are gonna think Santa brought you.”
There were a few old band T-shirts, even a couple pairs of boxers. There was a tattered copy of “Slaughterhouse Five” that made Dean yelp because he actually had missed that. His box collection of  “The Three Stooges”, a few CDs of folk music that he used to hide in Cas’s half of the CD rack.
Dean knows he set out to tell the truth, but maybe this needs to be done in baby steps. So he nods. “Yeah, we’re pretty sure since I hadn’t been seeing anyone else.”
Castiel didn’t handle stress well. Never had. He got all clammy, his heart beat painfully against his chest, he couldn’t form a coherent thought and he became irrationally reclusive.
“What took you—” Brady starts where he’s laid out on the bed but his words die in his throat when he sees Dean in his jacket. He frowns. “Are you going somewhere?”
Dean rolled his eyes. “My deepest apologies, Anna. I’ll remember that next time it’s two a.m. and your brother is passed out in a bar.” Dean grabbed his shoes and began pulling them on. “Look, you’re here now so you can take over. Make sure he drinks a lot of water when he wakes up. Actually, Cas prefers Sprite when he’s hungover. It helps with the stomachache. He’s going to refuse to take Tylenol and stuff so you’ll have to crush it up and put it in the Sprite if his headache gets too bad. I never understood that quirk of his.” Dean grabbed his car keys off the counter.
He grabbed the box and threw it on the counter. Without hesitating, he ripped through the tape and opened it.
Dean cleared his throat. “Last year… when we were planning our anniversary vacation.” The words felt rough rolling off of Dean’s tongue. “You left a page up about some temple in India. I figured that was the real reason you wanted to go. So I did some research.”
Words finally return to Dean and with the most clarity he’s had since Cas walked through the door, he says, “Lead the way.”
Cas nods, seeming to get smaller and smaller. “I also think I’m the one responsible for the pasta sauce landing on you earlier?”
She takes another few bites, moaning her appreciation, then finally swallows and seems to finally remember her question. “I mean Cas. When are you going to tell him that you’re hopelessly in love with him?”
“You’re already in the file,” is the only explanation he gets from the receptionist before she makes a call for Calliope Novak.
“Oh no, no, no, hold up,” Victor says through his laughter. “We need to know who the lucky person was!”
“Uh, yeah,” Dean says, finally closing the door and trying to ignore the sickness. “Yeah, we had a good time.”
" The humiliation slowly starts to seep in with the full realization of what this conversation really was, what Cas was actually here for. And Dean knows that he has to stop it now. "Look, Cas, you don't have to do this."
Cas almost touches her lips, not even aware she’d been smiling. She tries to tone it down even as Deanna beams.
Once Deanna is dressed, she joins Cas on the bed and takes her plate with a grateful smile settles in close to watch the show. She smells amazing, like coconut and vanilla, and she’s nice and warm and soft and Cas is nearly high with it.
“I could do that forever,” Cas breathes against his lips because he didn’t go far. Hopefully never will.
Cas goes slowly but pliantly into his husband’s arms, face pressing into the crook of Dean’s neck like he belongs there. Because he does. More than anywhere else in the universe, he belongs right here.
Cas laughs and throws an arm around Dean, drawing him into a kiss. “I think I got everything I could have possibly wanted for Christmas.”
Because he and Cas — they had never done anything like… that. God knows Dean had longed to, hoped and wished on every miraculous star he could spot through the city smog. But Cas had never given Dean any sign or indication that he was even the tiniest bit interested in Dean as anything more than a friend. So Dean hid the feelings behind a smile, grateful to be able to call Cas friend at all.
Dean stares at the floor helpless and feeling sicker with each name thrown out because this is all sorts of wrong, but he absolutely can’t let himself look up. If he does he knows exactly what he’ll see and he can’t-
Cas returns the smile, small and polite. “Likewise. I’ve been so curious to meet the man who could finally snag eternal bachelor Dean Winchester.”
“A healthy boyfriend is what I deserve,” Cas says and strokes Dean’s pale cheek. “I don’t care about trips to Europe and I don’t care about how much money you have, Dean.” Dean’s eyes widen and Cas knows he’s hit the nail on the head. “I love you for who you are. Which is a kind, generous, intimidatingly intelligent, and stupidly self-sacrificing man. And I would like to keep you for as long as possible.” Dean’s cheeks grow wet under Cas’s fingertips. “So the next time you get some wild idea that includes you almost working yourself to death please remember that the best gift you could ever give me is something I already have.” Cas smiles and leans closer. “Because I have you. And you’re all I could ever need and want and bounds more than I deserve.”
Dean peers at the slick flat monstrosity taking up an inordinate amount of wall space. “That’s one word for it. You can go check it out. Got every channel and subscription under the sun. Just stay off the HBO, kid.”
But instead of a busted engine taking up all the space, today it’s some sort of large rounded frame.
He practically runs out of the house and sucks in a few deep breaths. The sun is long gone and the air is cool and he lets it bite at his skin for a minute before pulling on his jacket and starting to walk.
Hannah sips from her glass and licks the liquor from her lips. “You said you couldn’t believe that Cas let him go.”
And his face — god, his face is perfect. Strong jaw, perfect lips. Like really perfect, wide and so, so pink. And his eyes. Dean’s never seen blue like that anywhere else. There’s no other word for them besides beautiful.
Cas’s breath hitches and he looks down at his toes where Dean’s word have warmed his entire body. He feels like he’s tingling all over, body alight with excitement and longing and every feeling he’s ever kept repressed and secret.
Castiel jumped to attention. Dozens of eyes blinked at him in confusion. He cleared his throat. “Ugh, yes?”
“I know, sweetheart,” Dean whispers and starts to rearrange them on the bed so Cas isn’t lying in the wet spot from his slick. Dean cleans him up a little with his T-shirt and then settles behind Cas, one arm draped over his waist, hand splayed on his belly.
“I’ll be right there,” Cas says and watches the beta leave. He doesn’t step back from Dean, doesn’t make any indication of wanting to leave at all.
Cas’s hand tightened around his, drawing his attention again. This time, there was no uncertainty in his eyes, just a simple request. “Please,” he said, voice as soft as Dean had ever heard it and he was powerless against it, couldn’t deny Cas a thing when asked in a voice as vulnerable as that.
Dean’s chest tightens at the confession. “Cas.” He doesn’t try to restrain himself a second longer and takes the few steps between them to wrap Cas in his arms. One hand cups the back of Cas’s head, cradling him to Dean’s shoulder and Dean presses soft kisses to his temple. “You never needed a lust spell to make me want you.”
Cas sighs and gestures toward the mess. “Terribly, as you can see. Everything needs to be assembled and I’m not even supposed to lift more than half of it.” Cas steps closer, a warm smile curving his lips that look pinker than usual. “Thank you so much for coming.”
Callie shrugs and looks back at the TV. She’s trying to look unbothered but Dean can still see it in her posture, the line of her mouth. “I guess I just thought it would be cool…”
“I should have known I’d find you two here,” a deep voice says behind them and Dean and Callie turn on their stools to find Cas, arms crossed over his chest and lips curved in a bemused grin. “What’s got you both so tickled?”
“Cassie!” Gabriel greeted with a bright smile. “It’s about time you answered! I was beginning to think you had broken a hip or something. Might have to get you Life Alert.”
His head snaps up and Cas is approaching him, the scent getting thicker. Dean smiles weekly and swiftly hides his lower half behind one of the large boxes.
“Good afternoon, class,” she greets in a peppy voice. “My name is Donna Hascum and I will be guiding you through these exciting next few weeks as you prepare to embark on the life-changing journey of childbirth.”
Dean chuckled despite himself and answered her with a special finger. Jess just giggled and began unloading the bags of groceries Sam had dropped on the counter.
Cas smiles, small and easy and glances back at the screen. “Perfect,” he repeats. He looks up at the doctor. “I think I found my donor.”
Sam slammed a fist on the counter, rattling the dishes and Dean’s brain. “Because you two aren’t together anymore, Dean!” Sam yelled.
She hesitates for just a second and then rips the paper off and yanks the lid off. Dean laughs as she starts to wriggle, tearing out sheets of tissue paper until, finally, she reaches her prize and screams.
Everything is finished. They’ll spend a few hours tomorrow cleaning up and won’t see it again until Saturday night.
Cas looks absolutely horrified. “I can’t just bring mistletoe to Dean’s. That will look so… obvious.”
“What are you doing here, Dean?” Cas asked, perhaps a little more irritation than he had intended slipping through his tone.
The moment he heard the word go, Cas was clinging, his arms around Dean’s waist, bounding him to his body as tightly as he could. It was the first thing that had felt right since they woke up.
Finally, the elevator dinged and the doors opened. Dean made his way down the hall, scanning the numbers until he got to door number 24. He raised his laddled arm and knocked twice.
Dean leans in and kisses him, long and deep, pulling away to nibble down his jaw until he can whisper in his ear that if anyone has a chance, it’s them.
Then the baby came. Calls started coming fewer and fewer between. They exchanged texts but even those started to become weekly check-ins, then monthly. And then it became your annual birthday and holiday wishes.
Dean laughs and reaches out to place the custom Stetson on her head. It dips a little on her forehead and she pushes it up, revealing a dazzling smile that makes his chest tighten. “Now that’s more like it.”
So Cas changed into his pajamas. He heated up some leftovers in the microwave and entertained himself with a show on National Geographic. He graded some papers, checked his itinerary for tomorrow. He brushed his teeth.
Claire’s smile is small but sincere. “Thanks, Santa!” She hugs him tight before jumping off and running to the other side.
He wants to be angry — angry at Victor for asking that damn question, angry with his friends for goading him, angry at himself for even answering and signaling out Cas like that.
“Gross, Dad,” she says with an obvious sneer before turning her attention to the alpha. “Pops, is the food almost done?”
Cas tries really hard not to stare and observe the way Deanna’s muscles tense and flex as she lifts her side of the frame — but goddammit, she’s wearing those cutoff shorts Cas loves that show off her beautiful bow legs and Cas is only human, okay?
Dean pumps a victorious fist into the air, cranking up the music, and he misses Cas’s small smile that melts into a frown of confusion as they cruise down the road.
Cas wasn’t sure how long they were out there, but after a while the booze started to hit his bladder.
Cas sighed, eyes fluttering closed and Dean couldn’t help but to follow the motion. Cas’ hands, warm and comforting, pulled at his shirt and drug it up along his skin and over his head. Dean sometimes wondered about Cas’ hands in his mind’s wanderings. The handprint Cas left on his skin was that of a man—not unearthly or unfathomable in its shape at all. Dean couldn’t
It made sense. That was Dean’s usual brand of humor. Cas was making a tease in comradery. He was making a joke at his own expense, using the sort of humor
Shaggy threw his arm over Scooby’s neck, pulling him into a momentary hug. “That’s because we’re the best of buds, dude.” He looked to Cas’ shoulders. “That’s like why I was surprised that Dean didn’t wanna go with you searching for the g-g-ghost, man.” Shaggy could not help the involuntary stutter at the thought of the ghost.
Dean swallowed thickly to clear his throat. “Yeah, buddy,” he promised. “I’m coming to take you home. We’re gonna stop at that ice cream shack.” Dean flickered his gaze to Sam, “tell him about the ice cream shack.”
Dean felt his mouth twist into a sour grin. “Yeah, damn happy.” He huffed, marching onward. “Real happy marching out in the marsh.”
“Do it,” she whispered, speaking directly to Dean. “I… without Brad? I don’t want to do it anymore.”
that Jack repeats then I shall consider it a miracle.” He took a bite of his own Burger Burger, but his gaze flickered to the surreal Castihell burger staring back at him.
Castiel would have to choose a vessel. He had not taken a vessel in a long time. His orders were always to remain close to Heaven. He could only remember small parts of Humanity, of walking among them. Such was his duty in Heaven.
meant to vow rather than to deny. When Queen Gertrude told Hamlet that the Player Queen was protesting too much, she meant that she was
with them!” He huffed in his own defense. “I’m just sayin’ gettin’ to first base with Daphne Blake was my dream as a kid.”
“Right,” Dean agreed, but the hair on the back of his neck rose in suspicion at where Sam’s thoughts were going. “You think there’s another werewolf.” He let out in a breath.
Cas gave his own hum in reply, fingers tracing Enchoian letters on Dean’s forearm thoughtfully. “Well, I guess you could say it all happened in your head.”
Now, though, Dean’s skin had slowly accumulated new scars. New stories. But occasionally his body would remember the ache of wounds and scars no longer there. Cas’ handprint was one of those. It felt like a constant presence—a constant
“Good.” Dean drew back with a smile but not before placing a soft kiss to the corner of Castiel’s mouth. “I’ve got a good feeling about today.”
. One who was willing to sacrifice everything for his brother and most everything for Humanity. He had fought harder and longer than some of the angels within Castiel’s own Garrison to protect Humanity as God commanded. In this way, perhaps Dean
There is your boon. The boon to your most devout follower. It is your heart placed into his hands. His palms tremble from where they cradle your face and you place your heart at his altar and pray his name.
Sam and Dean shared a significant look. That was one hell of a lead. “Who owns the land?” Sam turned in his seat, folding his hands on his lap with care.
Dean snorted a laugh, shaking his head. “You got that right.” Once the sidewalk bled into the parking lot, Dean’s gaze caught on Cas leaning against the Impala. On his hip sat Jack, his little frog hat shielding him from the sun and his sunglasses reflecting like Baby’s own sheen.
He could hear Cas snort a soft laugh, shoulders shaking. “Sap,” he reprimanded in turn. Dean hid his smile in Cas’ hair, not that this form of Cas could see it anyway.
Arms, warm, wrapped around his waist. Dean’s chin rested atop his shoulder and a green gaze met his own in the reflection. “Mornin’, sunshine,” Dean mumbled, smiling sleepily to which Castiel could do not much more than return it.
I could forget I was in this life. Forget that I live in a world where I have to face demons and gods and monsters, and I could pretend that I could just kiss Daphne Blake.”
myself to this harbor, as it were.” He raised that dominating brow. “Even as unintentional as it was at the time, I don’t regret that. I couldn’t.” The sharpness in his eyes dulled, grace-fire dimming as he whispered. “I could only regret that which would harm you.”
seems adamant on charging those kids with trespassing.” Sam looked appeased that the man had attempted the correct enunciation and let him continue uninterrupted. “Those kids have suffered a real trauma losing their friend like that.” James sighed. “I was wondering if you could do me a favor?”
Cas thinned his lips again, gaze flickering around the hall before coming back. “What if they don’t know?” He asked softly, stepping forward and eliminating the space between himself and Shaggy and Scooby. “What if Fred doesn’t know if Daphne… thinks about him in that manner? It’s not a sure thing for Fred, because
“You’re just getting old,” Sam teased, voice gentle in the night and a subtle reminder of their earlier conversation.
Dean kissed the top of Cas’ head, inhaling the scent of his shampoo that Cas stole this morning. “I’m happy here with you too.”
—starved and he will drink his full of Dean Winchester. Consume him until there is nothing left. And then he will pour himself into Dean’s goblet until he can return the favor. And they will continue. For Dean Winchester’s body is the bread that feeds Castiel and his blood is the wine that quenches him.
to.” Marissa clenched her jaw, hiding the tell-tale signs of her oncoming transformation. “Haley said she just wanted a summer weekend of human hearts—just to try it—and then we'd be done. I could be done! But she… she killed Brad.” Another sob wrecked through her before she attempted to regain her composure, shaking her head. “Then the attorney came over. I got so worked up that I… I accidentally bit him. Haley said she’d take care of it. She'd take care of me.” An empty, hollow gaze turned to Dean, boring its way into his soul.
Jack turned to look at them, grinning. “Dee! Sammy!” He waved with a fist that was closed around a small toy. From the doorway, Dean could tell it was one of the small cars that he had given Jack last month. Its bright blue chassis was distinct enough that Dean could place it as the one with a small crack along its side that reminded Dean of a strip of lighting in the sky. It had been Jack’s favorite toy since he had gotten it. Sam told Dean not to let it go to his head.
Dean sighed, turning to Sam. “You better go. The kid’s gonna be on this line of inquiry for the next hour.”
Dean pressed a kiss to Cas’ cheek, keeping his lips there for a moment longer before pulling away. “Even if the honeysuckle can’t heal ‘em, the sunflowers like the company anyway.” He smiled softly, watching as Cas’ eyes turned dewy toward him. “And ‘sides, the honeysuckle brings all the bees to the yard.”
Cas could not suppress the smile. “There is that.” Laughing together, Dean returned to his earlier position, holding his arm around Cas.
Sam and Cas opened their doors nearly in sync with one another. Sam settled easily into the passenger seat as Cas ducked into the car, buckling Jack into his own seat. Dean watched over the hood of the car until Cas’ head peered up to meet his gaze. Once confronted with Cas’ soft smile, Dean averted his gaze, falling into the driver’s seat.
Dean had seen those tears every time he closed his eyes. Every nightmare he had. But in all of that terror he had experienced in that moment, he had forgotten what Cas was
There was an odd movement to Cas’ shoulders that Shaggy couldn’t place. It seemed Scooby was more insightful since he looked on rather pityingly. “Dean is…
Cas’ movements stopped and Shaggy nearly bowled him over. Shaggy and Scooby scurried to right their footing as Cas spoke. “I suppose that is because Dean wishes to spend more time with your friend Daphne.”
There is a thunderstorm and you hear your son’s laughter in its reverberations. You feel the heavy door to your sanctuary open and the only worship you have ever known sounds like your name from the lips of your most divine follower. Your heart stutters and breaks before the altar of the angel of Thursday. You fall to your knees and you are touched by divinity. You are blessed and your hands - free of his blood - reach up to touch his porcelain skin.
There is no blood to feed your hunger, but there is love. In this, you are satiated. You are a god made satisfied by a true sacrifice of blood and love. You are a man without purpose now that your brother is protected in the arms of someone who loves him and your son is made God. He has renewed the rain and you hear his laugh in the thunder despite how much you miss him.
Sam hung up the phone, nodding to Dean and readying his gun. With a short inhale, Dean held his breath and put his weight into a kick at the door. The handle and wood flew, breaking apart under the weight, and Dean pushed further into the apartment. Sam was right at his heels.
Dean ran a hand over his face, pulling into the burger joint’s parking lot. He inhaled sharply, felt the pieces of his heart rattle inside his chest. “Sam,” he called to stop his brother before the door had even opened.
Grimacing, Cas ducked his head. “I told her to look away. Most humans aren’t... meant to perceive our true forms.”
Sighing, Sam nodded, “give us your card.” He finally settled on. “No promises, but if we end up with something we’ll text you the pictures.”
Castiel approached Ananiel as the Garrison Captain watched in silent awe. It was an emotion unfathomable to Castiel in regards to humans. Ananiel’s fascination with humanity was not something Castiel could grasp, but their order from God was clear. They were to be humanity’s keepers. In this regard, Ananiel’s ever-watchful eye over humanity was something that Castiel
“Take your time, huh?” Dean’s voice sounded husky to his own ears. “You still ain’t told me exactly what you had in mind.”
, Cas’s tendrils crept along to Dean’s entrance, causing him to inhale sharply at surprise. Slick feathers licked along his skin, pulling him away from the simulacrum of the bed. There were large forms, numerous hands, and eyes following him as he was drawn further and further into Cas’ large form.
“Yeah,” Sam nodded, pulling his phone out of his pocket and returning to the interview he had been referencing earlier. “The land seems to have a pretty rich history. So if we aren’t looking for a wendigo, it might be related to that.” He explained, handing the phone to Cas.
“Okay, daddy,” Jack spoke absently, attention already turned to the car in his hand and the blinking television set. Dean turned away from the scene. It felt… sacred. Cas bending over to kiss Jack on the forehead. It felt
. “I want you to stay.” He whispered his confession into Cas’ mouth, opening the kiss further, deepening it further. Tame, but reaching. “Please stay.”
The werewolf growled, baring its teeth under the moonlight that filtered through the treeline. Dean flickered his gaze quickly, trying to locate his gun. It seemed a moment enough distraction for the werewolf to retaliate. It lunged again, bearing claws and fangs in an act of desperation before the second gunshot of the night rang out. The silvered bullet impacted the werewolf mid-lunge, causing its massive form to crumble.
The closer he drew the face to him, the larger it became, and the mouth’s gaping maw opened. Dean couldn’t tell whether he was being reeled in with an inhale of breath or whether he was pulling the face closer. Suddenly he was within the jaws, colors spinning all around him. He tried blinking the stars out of his gaze until he realized he was
Sam inhaled to steady himself, his gun never wavering. “We know someone who can help you. Okay? We’ll take you to him and he’ll help you learn how to control your transformations.”
Eagerly, Jack took a few sips before Cas took the drink from him and placed it on the table. “Why don’t we eat something before we drink all of that?” Cas suggested, turning to Sam as Sammy took the food out of the bag. Cas furrowed his brow. “Where’s my drink?”
Taking the plunge, Dean held Cas’ face in his hands, fingers clutching at Cas’ cheeks as Cas, in turn, grasped at his wrists and held him in place. Dean returned Cas’ gasp, inhaling the breath from Cas’ mouth. He could feel his mouth quiver and his body shake where he held himself against Cas.
“What?” Dean bit back defensively, placing Baby into park. “We’ve got resources; we should use them. Even if she is the Queen of Hell.” He retorted. “Isn’t that the whole point of your Hunter’s Network?”
“You wanna dance again?” He taunted the injured wolf, watching as it applied pressure to its shoulder.
Marissa made an attempt to hold the sob that threatened to break her demeanor. “One day I’ll believe that.” Her smile widened, forced but there and stretching at her cheeks. “But for now, please? Please give this to him.” She shook her head. “Haley took me to this dumb clay class and we made these. It doesn’t even look like a fucking dolphin.”
Cas’ vague answer came in the form of another smirk hidden behind his mug. “I suppose it’s fair trade.”
“Oh, yes. She’ll like it.” Cas comes to stand next to Dean, shoulders brushing as Dean put the final touches on the burgers and began dishing out fries. “Uh, how—how is he?”
About halfway through, Cas had to excuse himself to the restroom. He splashed his face with cold water and stood with his head bowed for a long moment, trying to compose himself.
“All this time… I was stupid enough to trust you when you said you were just friends even though I knew deep down it was a lie. And you-you-” he stammers off, running a hand through his perfectly combed hair. “You brought them into our home. Paraded them right in front of me and just lied.”
If Dean could turn redder he would have right then as he remembers Anna’s gift. As it is, he can’t turn redder without risk of implosion, so he ducks his head instead. “How long have you known?” he whispers.
“Please, Cas.” Dean’s voice was a whisper but loud with sincerity and pleading. “Jus one nigh’. Please.”
Cas starts to guide Dean down the hall and to his room. When they reach the door, Dean pulls back a little. He doesn’t want to go in there. He doesn’t want to smell his and Balthazar’s scents all mixed together with sex and lust, doesn’t want to see the rumpled sheets and other evidence of what went on in here earlier tonight. God, what if Balthazar is still in there?
He reaches the front door and knocks softly, and he recognizes the quiet part of him praying no one will hear it so he can claim no one answered and just go home. But a kind older woman opens the door a moment later, ushering him inside.
“Look… I know that with everything that happened with you and Dean… I get it if it’s weird but I… I could still use a friend.”
Cas had left with instructions for Dean to fetch the last box of his things from the hall closet. It had been there for months, but Cas never had to strength to contact either Winchester about it. So it collected dust.
Dean can’t help the laughter that barks out of him. “Okay, first of all, where did you- how do you- actually, never mind.” Dean shakes his head. Not going there. “Did you tell your dad? That he’s said those things to you?”
Cas is eight months now and beautiful as ever. A little grumpier at times, but nothing Dean can’t manage. In fact, he finds there’s nothing he loves more than pampering his omega.
And that’s when he spots it - just a tiny flash of orange clutched in the hand of another kindergartner. It’s not a lot to go on but Cas just knows deep down that’s his toy!
Castielle groans and pushes her hands through her hair as if she can find the patience she needs hidden in the mess she hasn’t washed in like — god, what had it been? Four days? Five?
Cas’s laugh turns into a snort and he covers his mouth before swatting at Dean’s arm. He sends the doctor an apologetic look. “I apologize for my friend.”
He couldn’t say he knew what he was thinking when he asked Dean to stay, just knew it would have done unspeakable things to him to watch Dean walk out that door again.
“They were supposed to be a surprise but I went and picked up those cinnamon rolls you like while I was getting our dinner last night,” Dean says as he opens the oven door and the apartment is flooded with cinnamon and butter.
“Yes, actually.” That’s Cas’s voice. There’s a polite edge to it and Dean can just imagine the sharp twist to his lips. “We are planning to add his name to the birth certificate after the ceremony.”
Dean returns a few minutes later, breathing heavy and labored as he drags the tree inside. “You couldn’t have gone with one a little more stairs-friendly?” he says gruffly.
Cas takes a breath. “I’ll go if you go.” Deanna continues to stare and Cas squirms a little, feeling that damn blush run into her cheeks again. “I-I mean, we don’t have to go together. Not like a date or anything like that. But if you’re there then I’ll be there too. And we can make fun of the way people dance together and guess who got high in the parking lot before coming in.” She tries for a smile. “What do you say?”
The scent of eggs and bacon tickled Dean’s nose. His stomach lurched. He groaned, long and miserable, into the pillow.
“But you couldn’t have,” Dean says. “Cas, your hands were full the first time. And the last two times, I was looking right at you.”
Baseball season begins and usually Cas is among the first through the gate, claiming the best seats by third base so Dean can hear his voice. But that’s not necessary anymore and would probably be unwelcome so Cas doesn’t go at all.
The guilt hits hard and swift. He had admittedly avoided Cas for the first couple of weeks after everything had come out into the open — at least for Dean. Cas thought Dean was cut up about the breakup and so had resolved to give his friend space to heal. He had no idea Dean had spent that time screaming and ripping himself a new one over what he had done those eight years ago.
Something in Cas’s stomach sinks. What could Dean possibly need extra money for? He already gets paid extremely well and he knows if he ever needs anything Cas would never refuse to help him.
Cas dug into the bags with a renewed fervor. He was a monster and a horrible friend. How could he ever have even entertained the thought of doing this Dean? Dean deserves so much better than this — so much better than someone so selfish and desperate that he would resort to magic to attack his best friend. It was cowardly and disgusting and unforgivable.
Callie stares at him for a long, long moment and it’s so reminiscent of the eye contact her father is notorious for and it makes him smile even more. “More than Balthazar?”
“Even...” Dean starts rubbing his neck, nervous now. “Even if it’s because I think I might... like someone else?”
The dots are well and connected by now and form a line pointing straight to Cas’s shame. “This is why you told Bobby you needed extra money,” Cas whispers.
Dean laughed. “’s that what time it is? Shiiiiit, feels like…” He didn’t tell  Cas what time it felt like. Instead, Dean slowly straightened and pushed his way past inside the apartment.
Instant panic floods his body and he feels sick, his heart beating, as he gazes wildly around the swing area. He knows he had his toy. It was just here a second ago!
“Why are you looking at me like that?” Dean asks after a few bites and brings a hand to his lips. “Is there something on my face?”
Dean smiles up at Brady. “Oh, hey babe,” he greets before turning his eyes to Callie, brow arched. “We’ll continue this later?” She nods and they leave it there.
Of all the places he’d traveled to as a child at the whim of his father’s busy work life, Amsterdam had always been his favorite. As a child he’d found magic in the cobbled streets, charming architecture, and cozy chocolate shops. It was one of the rare cities where even his parents would make time to take part in what they usually considered simple tourist activities. In Amsterdam, Cas had been able to pretend even if just for a few hours, that they were a normal family. Gadreel knew that from growing up as family acquaintances and so as a Christmas gift to Castiel each year, they would go visit it together. Cas got to relive some of his favorite childhood memories and they both got to send pictures home to make their parents think everything was going just as they had planned.
Cas glared at him. “It’s fine. I’m leaving. The room is all yours.” He gestured gracefully with one arm and attempted to squeeze past Dean to get to the door.
Dean shook his head. “No, but it was right after finals and you were tired and the last thing you needed was to play nursemaid to some dumbass too stubborn to go see a doctor.”
The silence that follows is awkward to he point of being painful and Dean kind of wants to throw himself in the trashcan.
Maybe Dean was ready for the longing and waiting to end, but his heart wasn’t quite there yet. That just made the hold Cas has over him seem that much more pathetic.
“But at least it’s almost over,” Sam said. “You guys will be one year closer to tenure and I’ll finally have my masters.”
The words echo through Dean’s mind all the way to the train and just seem to swell until he can’t even be irritated by the off-beat drumming and suspicious smells during the 30-minute commute home.
Which he did. Cas woke twice in the early morning hours to vomit and Dean was there to help him clean up.
Cas has dreamed of something like this for years, being the center of Deanna’s world. Having wordless permission to touch and stare and love proudly and loudly.
Cas doesn’t even have to look to know it’s Lisa, could recognize her pleasant tone anywhere. What does surprise him is Dean’s reaction because he practically bristles at his girlfriend’s voice. And he doesn’t look away.
Brady’s scent spikes with something sweet when Dean whispers in his ear and he can feel the beta shivering in his hold.
“She’s still at the bar. We were both worried about you.” He pauses for a moment and Cas feels him shift on the bench. “Do you want to talk about it?”
As per usual, the panic began to set in and Dean watched every person who ascended the escalators with a rapidly beating heart.
“You ever had one?” Dean asks, trying to keep his voice low as to not disturb other guests. “The hat?”
The smile that curves Cas’s lips is extremely soft and almost wistful. “I know, Dean. Maybe make sure he knows that.”
Dean steers Cas out of the studio, rambling about something that Cas can’t hear. His mind is swarming with questions. Like what had they done to make Donna think they were mated? Why hadn’t Dean corrected her? Why was this bothering him so much?
Neither can say how long the kiss carried on but eventually they come up or air, resting their foreheads together. Cas’s hands clutch at the lapels of Deanna’s suit jacket and she grins when she sees the lipstick smeared around Deanna’s mouth. She brings her thumb up to wipe it away and Deanna grins, making Cas laugh.
Dean doesn’t like lying to Cas and normally an opening like this is what he dreams of. But after the way Cas has been acting since he joked about it only feeling like a date, Dean almost can’t find the courage to take it. Almost because, even though he’s terrified, there’s still that little bit of logic left that says at least if he’s honest now and gets the answer he anticipates he’ll finally be free to move on.
Dean’s expression changed and his lips quirked into another grin. It was a grin Cas had once become bitter friends with, a grin he had grown used to because it was the best thing he was ever going to get. It was a grin with far too much effort and swelling with a hollow happiness that was like a slap to the face.
At that very moment, Dean would have welcomed a thousand deaths. Anything that would take him out of this. As it is, all he has are his two feet and they start backing up toward the kitchen without even being told. "I... I'm sorry, Cas. I'm just... I have to-" he turns to flee and-
The meetings continue as the season does and soon Dean is a casual acquaintance in Cas’s life. They see each other at least once every weekend going out with friends. They don’t talk to each other often and when they do it’s simple pleasantries. Cas eventually works up the courage to congratulate Dean on his team’s winning streak. To his surprise, Dean actually smiles and he shares a story that this time last year would have told while they were in bed, Dean’s arms around wrapped around Cas’s waist and he would kiss Cas’s bare shoulder every time he laughed. It’s the longest conversation they’ve had since the split and Cas barely hears a word of it because he can’t help thinking the setting is all wrong.
“It’s really no wonder considering the tight ship Cas runs around here,” Benny jokes as he climbs down from the stage.
“What the hell are you doing?” Cas asks. “Are you holding your breath? Dean!” He receives a sharp slap to the head and his eyes snap open.
Dean and Cas roll their eyes but separate. “Okay, you two,” Cas says, leaning back and clapping his hands together. He smiles at the picture his kids make lying in their father’s arms. “Let’s see what else Santa brought you.”
Dean is bent over lacing up his boots. When he straightens up he looks half-asleep until he blinks and suddenly there’s that over easy smile that caught Cas’s heart in the first place.
Even Dean seems affected through his blockers, nose wrinkling in slight distaste. “Wow that’s strong.”
Dean gives his friend a comforting squeeze. “I’m gonna be okay, Cas. This is nothing to worry about.”
God please, Cas wants to beg but he shakes his head knowing it would just hurt worse in the morning. “I’ll be all right.” He stands up. “Tell Kara I’m sorry for worrying her. Have a good night.”
“Castiel, please, you do not want me to answer that question. You’re going to put on something that makes Dean Winchester come in his pants every time he gets a glimpse of your ass-”
"You were engaged, Cas!" Dean yells back. "How was I supposed to tell you? And it wasn't like I was aware of it until I was in the hospital. And as soon as I got out I had your engagement party to go to!"
There’s something unreadable in her smile when it finally forms for the briefest of moments before it’s big and bright. Dean returns it and picks up his gift.
“I spent a few days in a motel outside of town. Then I just packed up and started driving. Wound up in Washington by the time I had to call Sam.”
It’s like watching a hurricane pause and reconsider because just as quick as the storm had started, Cas was stopping in his tracks “The hospital? You were in the hospital and didn’t tell me? Dean, what happened? Are you okay?”
“Okay.” There was a hint of tears in Jess’s voice. “But don’t become a stranger this time, okay? You still have to come around and be our friend.”
There’s a cry from the living room. “Uncle Dean!” Both he and Cas look across the apartment and see Callie standing over by the bookshelves. “Look at all these cowboy movies!”
The call ends and Dean starts assembling the burgers, layering each one with cheese, tomato, caramelized onions, and his special garlic mayonnaise. “Wait, does Callie like cheese?” he asks, his hands freezing as he contemplates. “It’s just gouda but I can use like a light cheddar or a— Cas?” He turns when there’s no response and finds Cas staring at him, stack of plates in his hands. “Cas? Did you hear me?”
Realization brightens Cas’s eyes before the shock sets in. “I thought you were just drunk!” Cas exclaims. “And I didn’t want to kiss you while you were intoxicated. Wait, you mean you bought those concert tickets as a date?” Something close to horror crosses Cas’s face. “Oh god, and I took-”
Because he may not remember anything happening between him and Cas but now that the seed has been planted — How long did you think you could hide that she’s your child? — the idea that Callie could be his… it felt right. Too right for him to not investigate. He needed answers. And there’s only one person he can think of who might have them.
He doesn’t know how long they kiss, doesn’t really care either. When they separate, Cas’s hands are on his chest, fisted into his shirt as if to keep Dean exactly where he is, keep him from running.
“Oh yeah, she’s been talking about her amazing prom date all week. Won’t tell anyone who the hell it is but it’s got her smiling all day long. Been playing love songs in the shed and everything.”
“Please don’t forget to read chapter fifteen,” Dean calls over the chaos. “There will be a quiz tomorrow.”
Dean’s gut twists but he manages a soft chuckle. “Ah so the horror stories about cravings are true.”
Dean claps the waiter on the shoulder as he passes by. “Great. And don’t forget to check the safe before you head out. Good work tonight.”
Cas’s brow arches even higher. “Uh-huh, sure. Well, if you’re done bonding, I thought we could go grab dinner. My treat to thank you for getting Callie today.”
The third is in a hallway on the way to class. Dean doesn’t look alarmed this time, just mumbles a soft “excuse me” without meeting Cas’s eyes and hurrying in the opposite direction. Somehow it almost hurts worse than being ignored.
Dean did his best to continue the charade through the rest of the night. Balthazar joined them at the table and put up with the group’s slight interrogation. Cas sat happily at his side, his smile an odd combination of bliss and gratitude.
A tingle runs up Cas’s back and he’s not able to shake the feeling that he’s being hunted right now. “I-I don’t remember that.”
“I want to know about this lust spell,” Dean says as he pulls at the ribbon. “What are the little drawings?”
Deciding that’s his cue to leave, Cas finally pushes himself away from the wall and starts for the door.
And on their last night while sailing under the canals and the lights of the city glowing like stars, Dean pulls a ring out of his pocket and asks Cas to marry him.
The anger in Cas’s eyes dissipates enough to make room for concern and he touches Dean’s hand. “Are you okay?”
Dean takes an involuntary step into the room, body prepared to give Cas whatever he needs. But then he stops and bites his lip. “Cas, we can’t.”
Dean starts scooping the fries out of the grease and drowns them in a mix of seasonings. “He’s good.” He watches Cas moving around the kitchen, catching his smile and it’s like the two of them just can’t stop smiling. “Really, really good. I can’t wait for the two of you to meet.”
They stare at each other for a long while. Dean has no idea what to say, figures that if anyone should have the floor it’s Cas. But the omega doesn’t say a word, just watches Dean with a look Dean can’t place and it makes him more nervous, makes him have to look away.
That had probably been the hardest decision of Dean’s life, a painful and long transition to go from loving someone one day to still loving them the next but not being able to kiss them or touch them or really even look at them without feeling your chest cave in.
“Well, I’ll do better next time,” Dean promises her. “What things do you like? What are the kids into these days?” He says it in his best old man impression and hears Cas snort.
Big, fat tears well in his green eyes and Cas can’t find it in himself to be mad anymore. “Hey, it’s okay,” he soothes, the way his mommy speaks to him when he gets upset. “Don’t be sad. I’m sorry for yelling.”
Jess took his hand and yanked him around the room. They ran into Charlie and Dorothy who Cas hugged and congratulated over the baby. They found Benny who was on the brink of blacking out and it wasn’t even midnight.
Dean shifts uncomfortably, feeling all the eyes on the room on him. “When I was in there I… I accidentally dropped the donor sperm. Down the sink.”
Cas hesitates before meeting his gaze, looking a bit anxious. “I um, I actually have a huge favor to ask you.”
He watches friends and couples dance, line up for picture, toast sparkling cider in their plastic glasses like this is the last and greatest night of their lives.
Cas shrugs. “I don’t know, I just... I’m starting to think maybe this is what dating is like. Maybe I have just have too high standards or I’m being unrealistic.”
Cas gets to the school early and helps set up the ticket collection table. She greets students as they arrive and shows them into the gymnasium. She checks on the photographers and the refreshments table a few times, satisfied that everything is going smoothly.
And both kids are off like a shot, diving into their father’s arms and knocking him back into the tree. Cas can only laugh and cry as he watches his family come back together, the way they always should be.
“I guess the crib.” Cas points to the biggest box currently cornering his couch. “We should probably carry it to the nursery and put it together in there.”
Monday morning is a nightmare. Cas called Benny over early with the promise of donuts and coffee to help her load the backgrounds into his truck and drive them to school.
His hand falls to his own stomach. His baby bump isn’t quite as pronounced as hers but the doctor says that will change in another month. He can’t quite say that he’s thrilled at the idea of looking like a bloated balloon, but it brings a special smile to his face when he thinks of holding it, of hands a little bigger than his touching his skin gently, reverently as a deep voice whispers
“Save it Dean,” Anna cuts him off and her blue gaze, so much like Cas’s, bores into him tiredly and with no tolerance for his bullshit. “You really shouldn’t lie to an empath about your feelings.”
“Oh, come on, Cas!” Jess shouted into the phone. “That’s bullshit and you know it! You guys were perfect for each other. I’ve never seen two people so in love. Hell, there were times Sam and I wished our relationship was more like yours.”
Dean hesitates at the door, an instinct telling him to stay and figure this out now. But there’s a stronger instinct telling him to run out the door to the sick child who needs him. And that’s the one that wins.
He moves as if to do it himself and Dean springs into action, erection long forgotten. “Hey, hey, I got it,” he says, sliding past Cas.
“Oh, I’m so sorry to insult your little secret family. And don’t let me keep you from them. You’ve missed out on enough birthdays after all, haven’t you?”
“Okay,” Dean draws out the word because this is almost too much to process. “So you can… move things with your mind?” Cas nods again. “So that’s your gift. Okay. Well, that’s awesome Cas. But what does that have to do with the lust spell?”
Cas almost jumps when Gabe’s voice pops up right behind him. He shoots a glare over his shoulder. “What?”
They start walking again but Cas pays no attention to where they’re going, too busy wondering just what the hell is wrong with him.
“That’s awesome, Cas!” It’s louder than intended but probably the right amount of cheer for a newly engaged friend.
Cas hummed to the music as he dried his face and hands. He couldn’t remember how long it had been since he’d had this much fun. Over a year ago. It was sad. He smiled to himself. He had missed this dearly.
“You are the special person, dummy.” Deanna takes her other hand and squeezes them both between them. “You’re the one I wanted to ask to prom.”
It’s not that Dean has necessarily tried to hide his feelings for Cas over the years. In fact, he’s been more obvious about his crush on his roommate than he’s ever been with any former partners. Maybe he hasn’t said it in so many words but... actions speak louder right?
“I ain’t tryin’ to punish you, Dean,” Bobby said, his tone softer. He clapped a comforting hand to Dean’s shoulder. “It might not seem like it, but I’m tryin’ to help you. You’re in a dark place right now- Stop lyin’ about it,” Bobby snapped when Dean opened his mouth. “It’s okay to be sad. But letting it eat away at you like this – it’s not healthy. So I don’t know what you need to do to fix it, but you gotta figure it out. And when you do, you can get back to work.”
The car comes to a stop and Dean jumps out and tells the driver to wait. “I’ll be back in a few minutes.”
The smile that forms is small and grateful and shakes Dean like a warm gust of wind. “Thanks, Dean. That means a lot.”
She takes a breath. “Listen. I know this is a class for partners and while you and your mate have a lovely bond, I must ask you to be a little less distracting in next week’s class, okay?”
“Just the way you want it,” Dean promises with a brush across his knuckles. “You know,” Dean says, “with everything that’s happened, I never had time to go get you a better present.”
A heavy silence falls over the table, jarring after the liveliness that had lifted the room just minutes ago. The sounds of silverware clinking against places and mouths chewing swell until Dean feels ready to snap and so he starts gathering plates and goes to fetch dessert.
Dean looks wonderful in his uniform, tight pants clinging to his powerful legs and showing off his perfect ass. Cas does try not to ogle but Dean certainly makes it difficult when you add in his broad shoulders and boyish grin, the smooth way that he leaps to make a catch or bends to tag someone out. He makes a few good hits too and Cas can’t help the excitement that rushes through him. He gets on his feet and cheers with everyone else, maybe a little louder than the rest and it’s kind of like old times. Except this time when Dean makes it to home base and runs back to the crowd by third with a big smile, it isn’t for Cas. It’s for
The elevator slowly ascends the building, taking its sweet fucking time. Dean flexes his fingers, which are going numb under the weight of grocery bags.
Dean nodded his head, still looking at his shoes but Cas make see the way his brows are furrowed together. There’s something on the tip of his tongue, and Cas braces himself for it.
“But this one is different, isn’t it? It’s just for us. The tired seniors about to embark on the journey of adulthood.”
“What?” she asked, picture of innocence. “Before last week’s drunk rendezvous, they hadn’t seen each other in a year. It had to be awkward.”
When he stands, Callie backs up into the legs of her father. Dean doesn’t look up again, just focuses on the perfect little girl his mistake had made.
The guy turns around. And of course it’s Dean. And of course he looks flushed, his lips swollen and red and his smiles like a dope until he recognized whose in front of him.
But apparently, even understanding all of that, he can’t accept that he’s not allowed to cry when he hears Dean call someone else
Sam’s eyes sparked with anger. “It doesn’t concern me? Cas is one of my best friends. And you hurt him.”
Frowning, Cas makes his way over to the chair. He looks back at Dean, confused as he picks through Dean’s things and the bedridden man shakes his head. Finally he picks up Dean’s jacket and Dean nods. Cas carries the coat to Dean who digs into his pocket until he finds his phone. He unlocks it and begins scrolling away until he finds what he needs and, with what might be the grumpiest he’s ever looked, hands the phone to Cas.
Another wave of tranquility crashes over him, sweeping away any lingering thoughts of Lisa, and Cas fills the mugs, turning to offer one to Dean when he hears the alpha approaching-
After a few more circles, Dean sat on the couch and turned on the TV. He surfed through all of the channels, finding nothing that truly interested him. He settled on some vaguely familiar medical drama and leaned back into the cushions, ordering himself not to think about Cas.
Cas looks ready to pop off again but suddenly all the tension leaves his body. "Wait," he says, backing up a step. "You said you were in the hospital for rejection. This was the rejection? It was because of me?"
Dean doesn’t know how to tell him that he doesn’t need to find someone. He already has. And he can never have him.
The spoon in Dean’s hand lurches and flings sauce all over his chest. He hisses from the heat and moves back just as Cas approaches with a towel.
True to his word, Dean takes a quick shower and jumps in his car, hair still wet. It’s about a twenty-minute drive to Cas’s.
The pizza arrives when Deanna is still cleaning up so Cas fixes both their plates and brings them back to the room.
The amount of alcohol that wafted from Dean’s mouth made Cas catch his breath. “Dean, wh-what are you doing? What are you doing here?” Cas asked, trying to get a better hold around Dean’s waist.
Claire pushes his hand away but she’s smiling big. After a moment the smile turns a bit sharp. “Maybe Santa can finally bring you a decent boyfriend,” she suggests.
Dean nods because it’s the only response he can think of. He hasn’t disclosed everything that’s been going on the past few months with his team. Not even Benny. They’ve known about the breakup for a while, but Dean never gave them the full story. They knew Dean was out of work so long because he was hospitalized, but they don’t know why and, out of politeness or maybe fear of being fired, they’ve never asked.
Dean and Callie wander into the front lobby, steps echoing off the squeaky clean floors. Dean turns the brochure over and skims through it. “Anything you’re particularly excited to see?”
Deanna doesn’t look up from where she’s tightening something and Cas tries not to feel it like a punch to the gut.
Dean squats to her level. “Sorry, kiddo, but I gotta get home before I get booted to the couch for the night. Thanks for a fun afternoon though. We should do this again sometime. Maybe y’all can come over for dinner at my place.”
The first time happens at a movie theater and Dean’s reaction to seeing Cas leaves Cas gutted. He sits mortified while Dean gets up and flees the theater like it’s on fire. The instinct to follow is strong but Cas knows he no longer has that right. He chose to end things. So he sits in that pain and discomfort and doesn’t process a single frame of the film.
“I don’t know what to do either,” he whispers into Dean’s shoulder. “I don’t know what happens next. But I don’t want you to go.”
Cas had smiled and reached up to push Dean’s hair out of his face. Dean’s body went boneless under the soft touch. “True,” Cas had agreed, still moving a few stray strands before his smiled turned into a teasing grin, “but you’re my dumbass.”
“I mean… Dean and I had a good life together. We were in love and it was wonderful and… and deep down I will always love him. But it wasn’t meant to last.”
“I’m sorry,” Dean says while he’s washing dishes, “about Brady. I don’t know why he was acting like that. I’ll talk to him.”
Dean smiles. “I am. He’s a great guy. I’m lucky to have found him.” Sometimes Dean doesn’t even know how it happened. He and Brady came from such different worlds it was a miracle they were ever even in the same room. But somehow it happened and Dean’s never been happier.
“Well, good morning, sunshine,” Dean chirps with obvious surprise when he sees Cas wander in slowly. He pours coffee into his travel mug before swinging around to kiss Cas’s temple. “What’s got you up so early? I don’t think I’ve ever seen you conscious before 7 a.m.”
Dean longs to kiss Cas’s jaw and so he does. Keeps kissing until he reaches Cas’s ear and nibbles on the lobe. Feels the way Cas shivers against him and knows he’ll never be able to deny Cas a thing.
“Anna!” Gabe says with deep frustration. “Will you please talk some sense into our unbearable older brother?”
Maybe it really was a ghost messing around. It’s not completely out of question. But if it was a ghost trying to get a better look at Dean, they could at least go for the good stuff like-
“Yeah. Right. Yeah, “ Dean agrees. He releases a choked laugh, refusing to acknowledge the sinking feeling in his gut. “Okay. So, uh, what do you need me to do?”
And maybe it’s not the ideal first kiss considering morning breath and all that, but it’s still beyond perfect. It’s all he can do to just hang on, his instincts torn between wanting to climb Dean like a tree and wanting to fall to his hands and knees on the kitchen floor and present. Or drag Dean up the stairs to his bed and spend all day in a nest just feeling each other and being together. His body shivers at that idea. Yes, he wants to lie in bed and be held. He wants to feel Dean’s large hands caress his body and bask in the alpha’s heat.
Dean blushes bright red and rubs the back of his neck. “Uh, yeah, hope you don’t mind. I brought a change of clothes last night but Callie puked on them around midnight. Sorry.”
She leans forward to view the profile. “Hmm, Sebastian ‘Balthazar’ Roche? No chronic medical conditions, no family history of any either. Blood work came back clean. I’d say he’s a strong match.”
And maybe that’s what Cas truly needs. Not some desperate idiot trying to show him a good time, but a true friend with no ulterior motives.
On Sundays, Cas had lunch with his sister. Anna always insisted on a weekly meeting, claiming that otherwise she would never see Cas. Sometimes their other siblings would join them, but mostly it was just the two of them.
Cas’s hand is shaking as she moved the card and sees the gift. It’s a mask of black late and beautiful silver stitching and beads lining the edges. It’s stunning and better than anything she could ever hope to find at a Party City or costume store.
He feels jittery the entire ride up the elevator, fingers drumming on his thighs, and he hates himself for how nervous he is to see his best friend. He never wanted things to turn out like this between he and Cas, which is why he had always kept his crush to himself in the first place. And yet, it had still found a way to bite him in the ass.
“Balthazar is as much that child’s father as I am the president of France,” Brady sneers. “I should have noticed sooner. The eyes, the freckles, god she even has your lips and the same horrible taste in movies! Why you always go crawling every time that omega calls your name like his little puppy-”
Cas followed him with the breadsticks bag and their glasses. He washed them and put them away and Dean watched from the other side of the kitchen with a knotting stomach because he knew what needed to come next.
Cas seemed surprised by Dean’s follow-up question. “My goal is to compare the temples of the north to the west and south but my focus will be on the Jain temples in Southern India.”
“What can I say? People love me.” He carries the dishes into the kitchen and stacks them by the sink.
And then comes the quick clean-up because Dean’s body is used to this routine. His words come back with a gentle voice in his head reminding him,
“It’s okay. I’ll just see if Meg wants to have brunch.” He tilts his head back and kisses the bolt of Dean’s jaw. “Be careful.”
Dean’s eyes sparkle. “Oh, dragons? I’ll have to check it out after you!” Dean has always been a sucker for tales of fantasy and anything with a dragon is a literary masterpiece to him.
Sorry y'all but this just keeps getting longer and longer. Looks like it should be about six chapters at this point and I'm working on as I type!
Cas is sitting alone at his unofficial lunch table. His tray sits in front of him, mostly untouched, as he chooses to immerse himself in the library book he brought with him. He knows most people find him weird for liking to read, especially when he could be eating or talking to friends, but Cas had never minded. He prefers stories to the company of others. Well, except for one person.
Cas blushed and bowed his head. “Sorry about that. Throwing the mug at your head, I mean. That was rude.”
Dean starts to pull away and Cas chases him. He can feel the way Dean’s lips curve into a smile as he gives in and nips at Cas’s bottom lip before finally pulling back. There’s a dazed gleam in his eye that turns Cas into a puddle.
Dean nods because he needs to say as few words as possible right now. “Yeah, I’m fine. I had to stay on lock down until I got it out of my system, but the doctor gave me the all-clear this week. She said I wouldn’t be at one-hundred percent right away, but over time I’ll be back to normal.”
In an ideal world he would be celebrating his first year of marriage in two days. In an ideal world he would have woken up with Dean right next to him, arms tucked under the pillow and drool on this chin. In an ideal world, they would spend the morning with Dean laughing at Cas’s horrible cooking and doing his best to save the pancakes and bacon. Cas would sulk and then go on to make the coffee, the one task he could be trusted with.
“That doesn’t entitle you to know every detail about my life. Have you ever had their cobb salad here? Is it—?”
He nods, smiles. “Absolutely. I was the first person he told he wanted to have a baby and I was the first person he told when he found out he was pregnant with you. There is nothing and no one he would put before you, Callie. You can tell him anything and he will always love you the most.”
Things became more natural after that. They each took turns talking about work. Jess told a particularly funny story about some high-off-his-ass patient who showed up in the emergency room two days ago declaring he was Thor. Dorothy joked about training her replacement at the library for her upcoming maternity leave. Charlie had found some freelance work for some corporate douchebag named Dick Roman. He was creepy but he paid well.
“Then stop yelling, dumbass,” Dean said, forcing his voice to a more reasonable volume. “Gave me a fucking heart attack. What the fuck is wrong with you.”
Brady chuckles warmly, taking his hand back and wrapping it around Dean’s waist. “It wasn’t easy but what can I say?” He presses a kiss to the bolt of Dean’s jaw whose flushed pink at the attention. “I’m nothing if not determined.”
There’s a trip in Dean’s heart just thinking about that night all those years ago. “It was when I got super sick during finals week.”
Cas feels a little drunk, his body looser than before and leaning closer, until their lips just barely brush again and he whispers with all his affection, “Thief.”
The frown on Cas’s face gets deeper and deeper and honestly it can barely be called a frown because it’s much… sadder?
Dean finishes getting ready for work and comes round to kiss Cas goodbye. Cas naturally tilts his head back and purses his lips which pout when the kiss is once again delivered to his head.
In the morning, Cas wakes Dean up just early enough to sneak him down the stairs and does in fact attach a bow to his head. It’s not long until they hear the pitter-patter of excited feet upstairs.
Dean is left there on the sidewalk, his whole world tilting and collapsing because suddenly all he can see is Callie’s face with her big green eyes and constellation of freckles across her cheeks. And he thinks no, no, not possible.
Deanna takes her hand before Cas can finish the thought and shakes her head. “No, Cas. It’s not a prank.”
Sam filtered through the tissue paper and pulled out a beautiful leather briefcase. “Oh, wow,” he breathed, turning it over in his hands to touch the gold buckles on the front.
Callie looks at him, eyes wide and sincere. “Yeah.” And it’s just one word but Dean can sense all the unspoken emotion behind it. She goes back to sipping her drink.
His gaze settles on the kettle on the stove. He pictures it spinning, the handle rotating toward the front. Waits and waits without breathing for it to move and seal his fate. But it doesn’t. It never even twitches. He blows out a breath.
Brady’s voice is slow to respond and it seems off, a little stilted. “Yeah, me too. Tell him I say hi. And bring me home a burger.”
Dean buckled himself into the driver’s seat. He looked over at Cas with his head resting against the window, his chest moving with gentle breaths, face peaceful and lost to the world.
Anna is standing in the doorway, her arms over her chest and she nods toward a spoon on the counter.
Dean had relinquished the toy a while ago but now Cas offers it to him, smiling brightly and moving closer. “We can share if you want?”
“So, ugh, Ben is staying at my parents’ for the night if you want to come over,” Lisa offers, looking up from under her lashes.
Dean lifts the box — and nearly dies — and carries it to the nursery, setting it down where Cas commands. They cut the box and Dean removes the pieces, organizing them around the room. He fetches a few cushions and helps Cas settle on them so he can help unwrap things and put some of the smaller pieces together while Dean assembles the frame.
Just a heartbeat later there are warm arms locking around him and he instinctively buries his face in the familiar chest.
A thin man with blond hair draped a familiar arm over Cas’s shoulder. “Hello, everyone!” he greeted in a British accent that took them all for surprise. “I apologize for being late but traffic is full of fleeing students at the moment. You’d think they hated school or something.”
He is not home by 4:00. It’s past 9:00 when Dean finally wanders in and Cas is ready to fucking pounce until he sees how slowly Dean is walking, how flushed his face look.
Cas just smiles and nods along with the story, one hand absently rubbing his lower stomach. The baby is becoming livelier. He’s on the verge of seven months and it’s like the whole pregnancy gets more surreal with every passing day and he can hardly believe it.
Dean frowns and pulls his hands away. “Ha-ha, Gabe. I was just, ugh, nothing. It’s nothing.” He clears his throat, trying to shake it off and refocuses on the man in front of him. “Where have you been? Cas needed your help with decorations.”
“We’re doing well. She’s as ornery and stubborn as ever. They warn you about the terrible twos but no one says anything about the insufferable sevens.”
Cas has to resist rolling his eyes again. Damn his overly considerate brother and his obnoxious and adorable love for his wife.
Cas laughed lightly. “As lovely as it would be to join you for dinner, I have to go to the hospital today for my vaccinations.”
Cas barely spares a glance as her best friend sweeps in, charming smile on full blast and securing an arm over Cas’s shoulder.
“Of course,” Balthazar said, the two words dripping with a fresh coat of sarcasm. “Just like you did on his birthday.”
Getting to Callie’s school is a bit of a nightmare because it’s in the midst of downtown, some preppy private school Brady had helped Cas apply for. It’s a far cry from the public school Dean had attended as a kid but he supposes this is what’s best for the kids these days. Elitism and impractical expectations.
He reaches the kitchen and starts a pot of coffee. He can hear Dean snoring in the living room and it makes him smile.
