“I have so many!” Dean calls after him, only to wake Jack. “Oh-- oh, no, no, buddy, hey… hey, it’s okay… C’mere, c’mere, up! I gotcha, champ, let’s go for a little walk. You got any song requests?”
And it was Castiel’s grace that still lingered in the sinews of him. It was Castiel who rebuilt his body, who carefully poured him back into it once it was whole.
Cas merely leans back in his seat, watching Dean circle the table, examining the pieces in play, and folds his hands.
“Oh, oh no, uhh-- Not… exactly?” He winces. Well, he’s been spotted before and it was fine, he just didn’t say anything too revealing, and…
“Dean.” He chuckles, watches the slight change in Cas’ expression as she digests this information but remains unruffled by it. “And yeah, bigtime. But that’s just on the outside. No, we just… don’t really talk about it. I mean, you-- the you I know-- isn’t really into sitting around talking about feelings, either. You usually get kind of prickly and disappear if I ask about your feelings, and talking love life woes with an angel is just kind of… weird. Not bad! Like I’m not saying you couldn’t talk about your feelings with your usual Sam if you wanted to, just… we have really different experiences of the world, and we feel feelings differently. So I don’t know, it could just wind up being kind of frustrating because we’d never know what the other was talking about. I didn’t, uh… I didn’t even really know if angels fall in love the way humans do.”
Dean looks up from his plate in a way that very clearly communicates that he did not have to know that.
There are four lumpy packages under the tree now, where there had been two the night before-- both labeled in Dean’s handwriting, one for Sam and one for their absent mother. Since Sam didn’t add anything, he can guess the other two were picked up when he went out to obtain the play pen, so it’s possible the tub was bought at the same time. And even if it wasn’t…
earth that’s gonna clear things up for you, either, because this is-- it’s too big for that, okay? Cas is gone, and he-- and I-- it’s just a mess, and it’s too big. Got it?”
“Tomorrow, we’ll, you know… we’ll figure this stuff out. Get you a little more settled.” He goes over to where Sam had dropped his bag, pulls out a plastic Wallgreens bag from the main pocket, and tosses it to Cas, before retrieving his toiletry kit. “Come on, if we’re gonna be living in close quarters and ordering extra onions, you’re gonna learn how to brusha brusha brusha.”
“Wait, for real?” Dean’s brow furrows. That explains a hell of a lot. Like how it’s always angels and demons who have them pegged as a thing, how they have been since before either he or Cas really worked their feelings out completely.
“I don’t think my eyelashes have anything to do with it.” Dean snorts, coming into the room, hair wet. “Although they are very pretty.”
The screens go dark, along with any glimpses of information he could have gleaned from them-- a map and a newspaper spread out next to his laptop (in this universe he has a sticker for some band next to the track pad), the Impala parked outside a chain restaurant somewhere, a statuesque young woman standing in the middle of a police station, the clear youth in her button nose and big brown doe eyes contrasted by a navy power suit and a no-nonsense single strand of pearls. A coroner trying to make sense of the mess of a vamp victim’s body. He loses it all before he gets any of it.
“I don’t know. No-- not… He was… I took him by surprise. When we made love, I appeared to be young and female. I suppose… this vessel is still quite young, when compared to my actual age. But… before, Dean appeared older, and more… male. And I was… not that. Coming back… I understand that this is not an easy change to accept, I am very different. He is under no obligation to hold the same physical desires for this vessel that he did for the previous one. But… I am under no obligation to seek a vessel based on how pleasing it might be to him, when I have discovered I am more comfortable, being a man.”
since he was just a scrappy little thing. But he’s always been private about it and Bobby’s always allowed him that. Seemed like the least he could do for the grub.
He’s still not exactly ‘ready’ when Chuck slaps him on the back and reality goes all wobbly around him.
“What’s up, kid?” He sets one of the plates down in front of Sam. Dean doesn’t bat an eye at their father bringing them food, so that’s…
“Okay, well… no big, the important thing is you’re here and you can help us figure out what’s going on with Dean.”
“For you?” He looks up, exhaustion visible. He shrugs like he’s feeling the weight of that world pressing him down. “Yeah. Sure. You wanna save the world, let’s save the world.”
“I’m going to miss you, Lady Sam body.” He groans, flopping back on the bed after showering and putting on pants at last. “And I am
is supposed to be like, for that matter. With the initial ‘gotcha’ having passed, he doesn’t mind that he’s spending a day as a woman, but he’d like to not fuck up this alternate Sam’s life and he doesn’t know what her deal is, whether either of them is supposed to be straight or if they still like girls or what…
, I don’t think Dean… Even with the old man gone, you know, he… Right now, he’s still tangled up in what everyone else thinks he should be. And he’s not ready to think about who he is, or who he wants to be.”
“No, I’m really not. I can tell you without a shadow of a doubt, if Lucifer, you know, ganked you--”
… No angel was meant to feel the things I felt then. And when he held me in his arms, I was… I became incautious.”
“If you win, I betray Dean. He doesn’t know I’m here. I mean, that’s what you want, right? You want the big betrayal?”
, the difference between this Dean and his Dean isn’t that this Dean is bi, it’s that he’s open about it, his Dean… his Dean is in love with their Cas, the Cas that died for him, he has been for at least two deaths, maybe more, he’s just a repressed dumbass.
Sam pauses, in his fire-building efforts, hadn’t expected Cas to snap. Usually he can take a lot more provocation-- though ever since he learned sarcasm, there’s a middle ground between ‘wearily letting the shit pile on’ and ‘reminding everyone present how easily they could be smote’.
Well, there’s… there’s something not having to breathe gets you. Dean doesn’t quite know what to do do with himself, watching the bobbing of Cas’ throat as he swallows, or the way he wipes the back of a hand across his mouth, eyes burning into Dean’s once more as he sets the empty down. His hand works over his own bottle, forgetting about opening it for himself, forgetting about everything that isn’t the way he feels when Cas pins him down with a look like this. Sam coughs pointedly about the fact that he’s jacking off his unopened beer and he fumbles it down onto the table without breaking eye contact with Cas. Stands there, deliciously helpless, as Cas steps fully into his space, hand spread over the small of his back hooking him in, like he’d ever want to pull away…
Thinking about that other thing, he’s not quite there with. It feels selfish and kind of filthy and he can never decide if it’s the good kind of filthy or not, but he has to admit to himself, if not to anyone else, that it’s a fantasy that’s
“... I don’t really get what you’re getting at here. I mean, yeah, I’ve killed him off plenty of times, I’ve killed all of you off plenty of times. Usually in less than satisfying rough drafts. But it’s not because I’m afraid he can
And he loves how Cas asks, with his whole body, when he needs something he never had to learn to ask for before Dean, how he pushes into him and clings on, the weighty pauses and the openness in his eyes, when he trusts Dean with his vulnerabilities and the gaps in his understanding. When he trusts Dean to get what it is he might be needing for the first time because he sees him as an authority on being human, sure, but also just like… not a complete fuck-up, somehow, even where emotions are concerned. He loves how Cas will go just a little pink sometimes over even having needs, but he’s never ashamed to need
Weirdly suburban soccer mom, to be openly eye-fucking another woman from the restaurant bar, but Sam doesn’t say that.
“I don’t know. It doesn’t matter.” He shrugs heavily. “Anywhere. Away. Heaven cast me out, Sam. I’m not… I’m not good for anything.”
“You kidding? So the biggest mistake of your life was trying to fill the shoes of an absentee father who, let’s face it, we’re better off having absent, so you’ve dragged people through the ringer with you, so there have been some mildly fratricidal moments. Do you know what we call that?” He waits for Cas to lift his eyes, though the hangdog expression doesn’t leave him. “An invitation to the Winchester family reunion. Signed, sealed, delivered.”
Life goes on, mostly in a familiar way, Chuck fast-forwards through a lot that looks familiar. Dean makes a deal, Dean goes to Hell, Dean finds Sam and things go back to normal, except Dean is cagey and upset in a whole new way.
, not just any green, but the green of sunlight filtering through the leaves in the heart of some untouched forest. There’s such kindness in them, there’s such gentleness in the way he treats Cas now, as if he weren’t some great and terrible, nigh-invulnerable entity, but a person. Worthy of consideration, in need of it… There’s warmth in the way Dean smiles at him, and such a soft, strange awe. He doesn’t have names for all the things he feels, when Dean looks at him that way. When Dean touches him this way…
It had to have been bad, but Dean’s been more tight-lipped than usual about it, which is fucking saying something… He watches the way his brother’s face crumples under the weight of his grief, the fury doused. His head bows beneath it, and when he looks up, it’s with the kind of wet eyes Sam knows to ignore if he doesn’t want him to get defensive. Dean’s always taken Cas dying hard. The last time, he was as broken as Sam’s ever seen him-- hell, even the first time, when Cas was a strange entity they could barely know or trust, Dean was broken up leaving him behind, his voice a little choked when they came back to find him gone. Even then, he’d lit up like it was his own personal miracle when Cas came back. Cas is the only person other than Sam himself to get Dean’s forgiveness after every misstep, maybe he should expect that Cas’ death would hit him so hard. But this… it’s hard to see. Hard to have Dean honest about this kind of hopelessness, but he needs to know what happened.
“Well.” He shrugs. “You know. It’s… Having Cas around is pretty good for us, and it’s not like he actually lives anywhere else. I’ve kind of been wondering when he was gonna move in.”
Dean hits up a drive through burger joint before pulling in at a motel, where he sends Sam to secure beds for the night.
Cas is important to you. I would be very happy for the two of you being… important to each other, if you would just… have that conversation. But you never say the stuff you wanna say, and you wind up getting it exactly wrong. I’ve hit my limit, dude, I’ve seen you do this for way too long.”
“What happened?” Sam hesitates between jumping out of his chair and looking Dean over himself-- it may be another universe, but that’s still his brother-- or trying to research faster, somehow.
Dean, who got dragged to Hell just a few months back, and what they’d buried hadn’t been half as pretty as what crawled back out, which is the opposite of how things usually go.
“Hang on--” Sam starts, but then Chuck is slapping him on the back and he’s spinning through nothingness only to come to in that chain restaurant somewhere, sitting across from a woman-- not the woman he’d seen on one of the screens. If he jolts in his seat or looks off, she doesn’t react, she just reaches over and takes a french fry off of his plate, dipping it into her milkshake before returning to her own plate of nachos.
“Yeah, okay.” Sam starts, then stops. Reality flickers, off to the side, and he’s not sure for a moment if what he’s seeing is the real or the unreal, but there’s a wide empty lot overgrown with weeds that
“I thought I would never hold you.” He admits at last, in a whisper, nuzzling at Dean’s ear. “I thought I would never see you again… I thought you were lost to me forever.”
“Ten worlds. You set up the dominoes, tweak things any direction you want to, any kind of change you like. You know, maybe everything happens twenty years in the past or into the future, maybe we grow up in a normal home, maybe we grow up with less-- not sure how you’d pull that off, but you know, go ahead and try. Whatever version of reality you want to craft… craft it. But I get one chance to knock one of those dominoes out of alignment. I get one chance to change things. One day to make a difference. Whether you drop me in on Dean’s first day back from Hell or when it’s five minutes to midnight, any way you want it, I get one day to change our fate, and from that point on? You’re hands off. And then we tally up the wins and losses. If Cas chooses us, I get the point. If he doesn’t, you do. But you don’t get to kill him off because he’s inconvenient to your plans.”
Cute baby, though. Maybe it’s unfair to prefer his own familiar Jack on the basis of his not needing as much care, maybe Jack should have gotten to be a kid and grow up normal, instead of… like, every single thing that’s ever happened to him.
“You really are going through it.” He snorts, with a shake of the head, and then he’s flipping through the book.
“You’re all right… you’re all right.” Dean’s hands are on his face, and the world is still fuzzy beyond him. He’d expended a lot of energy to get them to safety this time, but… well, Cas can hardly find it in himself to complain now.
“Sure, yeah, I’ll just say ‘hey, I know you could go anywhere in the world and spend all your spare time on a beach somewhere and see all the wonders of the world and travel around with the time zones and live in a world that never sleeps or closes or runs out of neat stuff to experience, but what do you think about giving all that up to live underground with a couple of dumbass mortals. We can’t offer much in the way of entertainment, but you can pull our bacon out of the fire on a regular basis’, that’s enticing.”
“You and me both.” Sam turns to offer Cas a handshake, to say something more, but he’s gone again. Outside, he sees the shadow of a figure in a long overcoat blink into existence in the flickering light beside a semi truck, and then it disappears. “Yeah, good talk.”
There’s a startled laugh, from the bathroom, Dean swears and then his voice drops back down to the calm and even instructional tone, he answers Cas’ question-- Sam can’t make the question out, but he can tell that it is one.
“What do you want me to write? He pulled me out of Hell, he possessed some holy roller from Illinois for like, two days, and we haven’t exactly kept up a correspondence since I moved into an angel-proof underground bunker.”
“I hope you think this is funny.” Sam buries his head in his hands, can just feel Chuck laughing at him, no wonder he hadn’t gotten a highlight reel.
asshole… It’s somehow so much better and so much worse than the reality they all went through. For a moment, he’d thought it couldn’t get so bad, but they both seem intent on throwing every mistake ever made back at each other.
So he was supposed to think he had it made, Sam figures, watching the way misery hunches Cas’ shoulders and lines his face, the way he sits on the edge of his bed, arms resting on his thighs, hands dangling loosely. He was supposed to think it was a gimme, only for Cas to slink out and leave, because Chuck’s set-up has him feeling useless, thinking he’s a burden on them. That does feel pretty on the money for Chuck. Wouldn’t be fun if he couldn’t twist the knife.
“More than I usually know what to do with. Dean raised me, that’s not something I just forget about. Living with him isn’t easy… that doesn’t mean I don’t care about the sacrifices he’s made for me.” He answers, with none of the defensive anger he’d have held back then. “The real question is, what does he mean to you?”
Sam shrugs expansively as she heads off to the bar, stopping to talk to the brunette in the sweater set on the way. A brunette in a sweater set who immediately approaches Sam. Slides into the seat across from him, in fact, mindful of the jacket draped over the back.
“Uh, maybe, a little. Might’ve gotten bumped, here…” He prods at the back of his head with his free hand-- yup, there’s a bump, hadn’t seemed important when his hand was all torn up and bleeding but it stings now, when he pokes it.
After any immediate danger is settled, and after he kicks Sam’s ass as necessary for even trying, then he can figure out the new body.
Dean, anyway? Drinking the pain away? Shedding a single manfully repressed tear? Doing the broken widower routine in a dark hole somewhere?”
“That’s okay.” Dean smiles again, reaching up to gently nudge a couple knuckles up under Cas’ chin. “It’s not about how often you hit the target and whether it’s a kill shot or you’re just winging it, it’s about whether you feel like you made progress. You don’t gotta impress me. Don’t even worry about me. Don’t worry about anything. Just… focus on something you can improve.”
Then Dean’s fingers were sliding into the crook of Castiel’s knee to adjust the angle of his leg so he could begin stitching the wound, and Cas was suddenly squirming.
“This,” he waves a hand around to indicate their surroundings, “is not ‘nothing,’ Cas. You gave me the entire universe.”
“Comfy?” Dean asked as he climbed onto the bed and hovered over Cas, asking silently for a kiss that he was promptly granted.
Dean sniffed as his eyes welled again up with warm, wet tears. Even his happy memories circled back to misery.
In the years following graduation, Cas got a taste for ink, and currently on display is the full galaxy/honeycomb hybrid sleeve on his right arm and the flowers that creep from low on his hip, over his ribs only to then wrap around his back and up over his shoulder on his left side. Cam money means Cas can afford the best artist in Kansas City, and the crisp lines and saturated colors look fantastic on his tan, tight skin. He once asked Cas if he would be covered in ink someday, but Cas assured him he only put things on his body that mean something to him. What a bunch of flowers mean, Dean has no idea, but they sure do look good softening the hard lines of Cas’ body.
“Dean,” Cas gasped, his knot popping past Dean’s rim and swelling, locking them together as his orgasm ripped through him forcefully. He rocked there as Dean clenched around him, coaxing spurt after spurt of cum from him as he marked Dean from the inside.
“Want you,” Cas said, and then he was dropping his head back onto his pillow, groaning as Dean deep throated him in one go and began to bob his head, applying suction enough to make Cas’ toes curl. Cas let him go for a minute or so, before pulling him off by his hair and dragging him up for a kiss. His tongue darted out, licking the taste of himself from Dean’s lips and tongue before rolling their bodies again, putting Dean on his back once more.
“Alright,” Dean said softly. “Then make love to me, Castiel.” He hooked his ankles together behind Cas’ back, tugging him in encouragingly.
“I don’t camp. My family isn’t exactly the outdoorsy type. Humor me and do all the cliché camping activities with me? Could be romantic?” Cas turned his wide, puppy dog eyes on Dean and smirked when Dean caved almost instantly, all the fight gone from him.
There’s a box sitting in front of the door when they climb the porch steps and Dean bends to scoop it up. “Mine,” he announces brightly after reading the label, his spirits visibly lifting.
“I’ll bribe Charlie to get up and do it. I don’t want to rush it. I want to be able to appreciate the moment I get to see your first big commission.”
“Dean, I need you to be patient,” Cas coos, dipping his fingers inside of Dean in an attempt to indulge his need to be filled. “It’s not that I don’t want to give you what you need.”
"Castiel," Dean breathed pleadingly. He'd been hard for what felt like hours now, and he was far too close. "Not like this, Cas. Let me undress you.”
As he was mixing a martini Al, his regular, spoke up again, “Come on, Dean-O. You’ll never make the kind of money you made with that sweet ass of yours by slinging drinks. What do you say we get a room and you let me fill you up the way you always beg me to?”
I hope you enjoyed my first attempt at a Christmas fic, even if the last chapter got out of hand in length and was posted a touch late. If you're still in the giving spirit, I LOVES me some comments.
Then the tight pressure around his wrists is gone. Cas has cut away the ties. In the next second, light filters in behind his eyelids because the blindfold has been ripped away. He blinks his eyes open just in time to see Cas slam the laptop shut.
As they’re chatting with the viewers, Cas rests a hand on Dean’s thigh. Dean looks down at it and grins, then covers it with his own and squeezes. “Ready for the good stuff, Alpha?” he teases, and Cas leans in and kisses him soft and slow with none of the urgency they’d had in the kitchen earlier.
“Cas?” he called, hoping with every thing he had that this was it, this was the moment he’d finally reach Cas and talk to him.
“I don’t want to be called ‘buddy’ or ‘pal,’  and while we’re at it, I’m not your brother,” Cas snarled, his patience dangerously teetering on the edge.
omegas have ever let me top. Are you sure? I don’t want you to do anything you don’t want to just for the money. We’re doing just fine without it.”
If there is one thing Dean Winchester realizes after his forty years on earth, it’s that he likes to be manhandled. He likes to be pushed around and pinned to hard surfaces. He likes a hand around his throat restricting his airway just enough to make things exciting. He likes the occasional open-handed slap across the bare skin of his ass, or on special occasions, right across his face, hard enough to bring blood to the surface of his skin, reddening it, but not hard enough for any lasting marks. He likes fingertips digging into his hips whether he’s fucking someone or being fucked, and when it’s the latter, he likes being pinned or held in place by huge, strong hands. Bonus points if his partner is strong enough to hold him up against a wall and still manage to give him a brutal fucking.
Dean didn’t wait for a response, he simply grabbed the room key and walked out the door, breathing the cool night air deep into his lungs to clear his head. Cas pulled on his shoes quickly and followed reluctantly behind him. He opted to drive, figuring he’d just leave Baby at the bar if he had too much to drink. It wouldn’t be a long walk back.
Cas shook his head, but complied, removing the offensive garments before folding them neatly in half and laying them over the other chair neatly. “Better?”
He can still remember the way his heart tripped in his chest as he saw Cas, how he felt warmth spread through his chest as he told the angel to never change. Now, looking back, he knew it was because he had started falling in love with Cas, probably had been a little more each day since the angel had walked into that barn, lights exploding and raining down sparks as Cas advanced on him, completely unshaken by the salt rounds being blasted at his torso.
“Like an incredibly hot man in very tiny swim shorts,” Dean corrected. His eyes roamed freely over all the skin that had been hidden from him up to this point. Cas was firm and tight, all tan skin and lithe muscle. He had great arms and a light smattering of body hair that in no way hinted that he’d be a bear any day soon. And those thighs. How did he manage to get those thighs in those shorts?
Dean’s eyes had welled with tears when he’d realized what was happening, but even that couldn’t stop a laugh from bubbling up in his throat. “You idiot,” he said with a huge grin.
“Hey, you ok?” Dean asks, placing his hand in the small of Cas’ back. The scent diminishes just a bit as Cas leans into him, calmed by the presence of a familiar omega.
"Cas," Dean whispered, bringing his lips close to Cas' ear as his fingertips traced circles over the slightly ticklish skin of the angel's hips. "There is not a single inch of you that I don't find beautiful.”
Soft lips kissed across his ribs, sharp teeth nipping at his skin gently, then Dean’s fingers were hooking into the waistband of his boxers, tugging them down Castiel’s meaty thighs. They feel free, and Cas kicked them away before tilting Dean’s chin up so he could look into the peridot green eyes he loved so much. The redness and puffiness had disappeared now, a side effect of the return of Castiel’s healing touch, and all Cas could see shining there was adoration and lust. Dean turned his head, kissing the palm of the hand that was cupping his face, and Cas thought his heart would burst with love for this man.
Cas settles between Dean’s legs and leans down to scent him again. He feels Dean’s nose at his scent gland and he tips his head to the side, letting Dean breathe in his fill. Then he pushes Dean’s legs further apart and slides home.
"Does that feel good, Castiel?" Dean asked, his fingers trailing down through the longer feathers now, tugging at them lightly.
They’re both dressed casually tonight, having gone commando under lounge pants with tee shirts and bare feet, and Cas has set up a fun tip menu for the chatting portion of the evening. Earlier, he'd tweeted out that they were doing another couples show with the added caveat that it would end in a ticketed “fuck show,” and the room was already pretty full in anticipation.
“Look, I’m no expert here, but you still have the phone list. You could just… I don’t know… call and ask him out!” Charlie teases, as if it’s the easiest thing in the world.
“Fuck, Cas. You’re so damn good, baby,” Dean said, a little too loud. “I’m so close. Just keep doing what you’re doing.”
Dean smiled, reaching out to grasp Cas’ hand in his own. Slowly, methodically, he laced their fingers together, bringing them to his lips and brushing a kiss over Cas’ knuckles.  When he looked up, Cas was blinking rapidly back at him in disbelief.
“Hey,” Dean says, and Cas turns his full attention on him. He leans in and captures Cas’ lips in a soft kiss. “Thank you for thinking of this.”
Cas shook his head, but his lips curled up in an amused smile. “Soon,” he purred, holding eye contact with Dean to pull him back into the moment with him. His fingers slipped free and he reached for the lube again, spreading it along his length with languid strokes.
Cas knows their situation isn't sustainable. He should really consider moving out on his own when the pandemic ends. Putting some space between them would be the healthy thing because no one just lives with their college roommate for twelve years. One or both of them should find a mate and have a life outside of their friendship, but neither of them ever brings it up. So they just stay here, an alpha and an omega pair of best friends, in a home they bought together.
Dean stepped forward, pressing his hips against the firm curve of Castiel's ass. It wasn't about rutting and getting off. It was about the simple intimacy of the close proximity. He ran his hands over the wings, starting at the base before sliding them over the hard ridge of feathery bone, drawing the long, low rumble of a purr from deep in Cas' chest. Dean wrapped one arm around Cas' waist, pulling the angel against him and rolled his hips, slowly, sinuously as he moaned quietly against the back of Cas’ neck. His free hand continued working its way through the feathers, their velvety softness slipping between his fingers.
Cas tipped his chin up and Dean took his hint, bringing their lips together in a sweet, deep kiss. A moment passed and he felt the soft, wet nudge of Castiel’s tongue and he opened to him, moaning softly into Cas’ mouth as their tongues brushed together.
“Get up here,” Cas says, and Dean gets into the 69 position they’d discussed earlier as they were figuring out goals.
Dean laughed shakily again and kicked one of the four slashed tires. “All these years I thought I was safe.”
It takes great effort to detangle himself from Cas and climb over the mounds of pillows and various textiles piled around them, but Dean manages to escape and leave Cas sleeping. In the bathroom, he pees on a stick, then sets the ovulation test aside. He takes his temperature with the forehead thermometer Cas grabbed at Target, and brushes his teeth once he sees that his temperature reads a perfectly normal 98.6. He confirms a negative ovulation test and hops in the shower. He assesses himself as he stands under the hot stream. He’s not achy or needy yet, in fact he feels the same way he does most mornings. No worries yet.
As Castiel stood back and admired his handiwork, he wondered where his new roommate was. The sun had begun to sink low in the sky, move-in day drawing to a close, but this “Dean Winchester” had yet to show up.
“Don’t gotta beg for it, Cas. I’m right here,” Dean answered before Cas pulled him in for a kiss so achingly thorough his toes curled in his boots, reminding him just how fully dressed he still was while Cas was standing there with miles of exposed, tan skin. He nudged Cas backward, pushing him closer to the bed, then shucked off his button-up, leaving it discarded on the floor without breaking their kiss.
Dean moans a little before he can help himself, then pushes his ass high in presentation, arching his back gracefully. Cas gives into the temptation to give his left asscheek a little slap, and Dean wiggles his ass in invitation.
“Well, I do trust you,” Cas said, kissing Dean softly before breaking away again. “Wait, you said that was the only guy you’d ever… so you haven’t topped before?”
Cas stepped aside and nudged Dean toward the ‘Dean Cave.’ The term didn't really fit. The room hadn’t been only Dean’s since he and Cas had begun to escape there to watch movies together, shoulders brushing, laptop teetering between them on the arms of the musty old chairs they’d dragged in there together one weekend.
Dean stilled on top of the angel and smiled down at him. Cas had averted his eyes and a nervous blush was coloring his cheeks. “Look at me, Cas,” Dean urged, and Cas’ eyes met his cautiously. “We can definitely do that. I said anything you want, Cas, and I meant it. Don’t be ashamed to ask me for sex, baby,” he said firmly.
Cas growled and dropped his face, burying it against Dean’s throat as he forced himself deeper into Dean’s slick, tight channel. He nipped lightly at Dean’s scent gland, resisting the urge to bite down and claim Dean as his own.
An hour passes just like that, the pair of them taking questions and making light conversation with the viewers. A few of the regulars talk about their own lives. A female omega with the username Japanda just got a new kitten, and she sends Cas pictures through Twitter DMs that he shows to the room. Another regular, the rare alpha who’s into other alphas, is having trouble with his classic car. That sets Dean off on a tangent about his ’67 Impala and he ends up offering some advice. It’s calm and comfortable, and in all honesty, Cas enjoys this part the most...usually. Tonight though, his arousal is thrumming under his skin and he can’t wait to get to the good part.
“Don’t say you know. I know you know. But I have twelve years to make up for, so you’re gonna keep hearing it,” Dean says, firmly, before accepting the kiss Castiel offers him.
They drove for a while, Cas running his fingers up and down Dean's thigh. They found a visitor's center and grabbed some brochures and a map. They located the best spot to camp and filled out a form for a permit. Dean insisted on getting away from the tourists and there was paperwork and a small fee involved if they wanted to camp more privately outside of the designated campsites. It was worth the thirty or so bucks to know they would be completely alone. They found a little general store and Dean picked up a few food items to sustain him overnight. He also bought a little bundle of firewood, a soft blanket with a southwestern print on it, and because Cas couldn't stop returning to the display and sniffing them, some handcrafted lotion bars made out of beeswax. He handed a small paper bag to the angel on their way out the door.
Dean opened one of the suitcases and quietly took out the neatly folded clothes, laying them on the bed in little piles. He sorted the socks and underwear and placed them in the top drawers of the dresser, then started sorting out teeshirts by color order before folding them and stacking them sideways in a drawer so Cas would be able to see each shirt without digging through the piles. He opened the closet and started hanging some of Cas’ nicer clothes and was just putting a stack of sweats and pajama pants in another drawer when Cas stirred.
“It’s me,” Cas said, his words coming out so softly and muffled behind his hand, Dean could barely make them out. “Why is it me?”
Dean complied, pulling the Impala onto the narrow shoulder. Cas was on him as soon as the car was in park, pushing him back against the car door and pressing against him. The angel's fingers wrapped around his throat, just tight enough to startle Dean, but not nearly enough to hurt him or cut off his airway.
The slow grind of Cas against his prostate left Dean keening and pressing his hips against Cas needily. He'd never been one for 'lovemaking,' but this was nothing short of heavenly. Every inch of their bodies that could be pressed together was. His cock was trapped between them and was stroked by their bellies with every thrust of Cas' hips.
"Cas, I'm close," Dean warned, fisting feathers in both hands and somehow managing to pull himself even closer to his angel.
Dean looked deep into those lust-blown blue eyes he loved so much. "Do you trust me with your wings?”
“Dean, you definitely do not disgust me. The crunchy, dried body fluids are another story,” Cas says. “Please, Dean. Let’s just rebuild the nest and forget my stupid mistake. I didn’t realize that keeping our scents in the nest was that important to you. I won’t do it again.”
Later, shoes left behind and bare toes in the sand, they walked down the beach in the moonlight. Castiel breathed deeply, drawing in the salty air and releasing it with a pleased sigh. “So, how did someone as young as you get lucky enough to own a bed and breakfast down here?” he asked, breaking the silence between them. “Real estate isn’t cheap at the shore.”
“Can I scent you?” Cas asked, diving in to drag his nose across Dean’s mating gland the second Dean tipped his head to the side in submission. “Fuck, blockers,” Cas all but whined before tearing himself away from Dean to dig around in his nightstand. He came up with a package of unscented baby wipes and scrubbed at Dean’s neck until he could finally scent him past the store bought chemicals. He’d gotten the overly sweet scent of Dean’s slick before, but this, the undiluted comforting omega scent that could only be sampled straight from the mating gland, was all cherries, vanilla, brandy and
Charlie starts to giggle like a fiend once Dean finally gets the paper off and the box underneath open. He pulls a shirt out, holding it up so it can fall open and he reads it.
Dean’s fingertips trailed over Castiel’s throat, brushing against his pulse point to sample the rapid pulsing beneath his skin before continuing on to sink into the hair at the base of Cas’s skull. Then he surged forward, pulling Cas in simultaneously, and their lips met in a perfect press, slotting together as if they’d been doing this all their lives.
As Castiel was just finishing up with making his bed, smoothing the comforter with his hand to press out the last of the wrinkles, the door to the room flew open. A young man, his strong arms full of boxes, strode in with a younger, shaggy-haired boy with spindly limbs following closely behind.
“Yeah, baby, I am,” Dean kissed him softly, a hand slipping into Cas’ hair as they opened to each other again, tongues brushing and hips grinding together lazily, neither of them in a hurry to race towards completion.
“I should, but…” Dean threads his fingers into Cas’ hair, tugging gently to coax him closer to his cock. “No. Please don’t stop.”
He sighs, decides on burgers, and heads out back to stack charcoal into a little pyramid in the bottom of their little grill. Nothing says summer like burgers on the grill. He drenches the charcoal in lighter fluid and tosses a match in, leaving the flame to burn down and leave smoldering coals in its wake.
“Yeah, hey man, I’d hate to do this, but I really need a piece done. It’s nothing too big. I can pay you double since it’s so late… just… I need it.”
He’s been marked and just the thought of it has him writhing in Cas’ lap, grinding their cocks together where they’re trapped between their bodies, hard and leaking precum.
“So… you’re named for an angel?” Dean asked after a few beats of silence, a twinkle in his eye Castiel hadn’t seen since the day he’d arrived in Cape May.
“Honestly? Yeah, I probably would. I find myself wanting to keep you happy, and if padding the walls, strapping on a leather harness and buying you some paddles and restraints is what keeps that smile on your face, I’ll be your whipping boy,” Dean smirked at Cas, and Cas gave his ass a little smack that Dean barely felt through the thick denim wrapped around him.
Dean freezes, eyes wide in surprise, as his heart starts pounding against his ribs as if it’s trying to escape his body. He knows that voice, and he certainly knows the one that follows it. It often stars in some of his filthiest dreams.
“Fine, but I’m driving,” Dean said with a smirk, reveling in the scent of happy alpha that swirled around him on the ocean breeze. He tugged Castiel’s hand toward where he was parked on the other side of the lot, and he could feel it when Cas first laid eyes on the Impala. The hand in his own tightened and Cas stopped in his tracks, if only for a second, a soft gasp falling from his lips.
Cas groaned at the sound of his full name on the hunter's lips. It was such a rarity, but when Dean said it, it held a special reverence. Dean said his name as if it were sacred, as if he were praying for him from only inches away.
“That’s goal,” Cas said to his viewers. “Normally, this is when I’d jerk off and cover myself with cum, but now that Dean is here maybe we should extend the show?”
He sat for a few minutes, his heart thundering in his chest as he awaited a reply. Finally, it came.
Cas shook his head. “It was terrifying. I can’t even imagine telling them.” He glanced over his shoulder at his large family gathered on the porch, watching them disapprovingly. “They’re going to want me to take a female mate.”
Location Note: Wharton State Forest was actually a location in “Death’s Door,” episode 7x10. I picked the location because of its cedar lake, campgrounds and South Jersey location… also, as a subtle shout out to canon in a decidedly AU fic since I won’t be having Cas calling people assbutts and the like. Also this is an excuse to include the Jersey Devil and work a touch of the supernatural in for funsies, even if it’s just as a campfire story.
Christmas dinner has long been eaten and cleaned up. Sam and Eileen have disappeared down the hallway to Sam’s room, and Jack returned to Heaven only a half hour ago to attend to whatever it is he does up there. To be honest, Dean doesn't care what Jack does, as long as this paradise on earth thing he cooked up holds out.
Dean breathes in and out a few times, deeply. Everything smells and feels so much sharper from under the blindfold, and he doesn't want to get too worked up too soon. Cas is dipping a finger into his crack, gliding the tip of it over Dean’s hole and gathering up the trickle of slick that’s gathered there. The finger disappears and Cas presses the digit to Dean’s lips. Dean lets out a little whine and Cas takes advantage of his open mouth to shove the finger inside to press against Dean’s tongue. He obediently sucks his own slick from Cas’ finger, wrapping his tongue around it and moaning a little for the sake of everyone involved.
The kiss broke and Dean looked into those eyes again, memorizing every little fleck of shade variation in the deep blue irises. He’s never been quite this close, and definitely not when he was allowed to really look, to drink him in. He cupped Cas’ cheek, running a thumb over a sharp, high cheekbone. Cas was looking back at him, lips parted, eyes soft, and Dean couldn’t help himself.
Cas’ eyes darkened with lust at the idea of being inside of Dean again. “On your hands and knees,” he said firmly, biting his lip as Dean did as he was told and arched his back in presentation.
“I was supposed to be the one surprising you tonight, Angel. Look at you,” Dean said, voice filled with awe. “God, you’re sexy, Cas.”
“Hardest I’ve ever cum in my life,” Cas agreed, taking the rubber from Dean and sliding off the bed to toss it away in the bathroom. He poked around in the linen closet, locating a washcloth and wetting it with warm water before wiping Dean’s release off his chest. After the cloth was rinsed, he retuned to where Dean was reclining on the bed and wiped him clean as well.
Cas bit his lip, and even though it was too dark to see him clearly, Dean could tell he was blushing. “I’m not sure… I mean, I don’t think I’m ready for…
Castiel pulled into the driveway of an impressive, gray, two-story home. He marveled at the immaculate upkeep, surprised at the obvious pride Gabriel had taken in the home. The paint looked fresh, the trim and porch railings a crisp, clean white. The lawn and little plant bed lining the front of the home were meticulously neat and tidy, likely due to hired landscapers.
Dean kissed him again, selfishness taking over as he stole a few more seconds they didn’t really have. “I love you.”
“Mercury. Since they downgraded Pluto to a dwarf planet, it’s the smallest planet in our solar system.”
Castiel's face softened, and he cupped Dean's face in his hand, running his thumb over the man's cheekbone then following it with soft kisses. "I could never hurt you Dean. I love you too much.”
“As long as you can get it up tonight, you’re free to have as many shows as you want,” Cas says with a wink before shoveling his last bite of cereal into his mouth.
Cas looked back at him, and Dean could almost feel the angel’s heart clench. He knew what it had been like for him when Cas died, how hard he’d hit rock bottom, and he allows himself a split second to wonder if Cas would react the same way. Sadly, something told him he would, but he couldn’t get hung up on it now, not with Sam and Jack and the entire world at stake. Lucifer was on a mission to destroy it all, to tear it down and watch it burn, and Dean couldn’t let that happen.
Suddenly, he catches himself baby-talking the son of Satan and he straightens up, coughing and turning away.
“You know. Mentioned there was a lot of space, he agreed. Said there would always be a bed if he wanted one, he reminded me he doesn’t sleep, we kind of went around in circles a little. Bottom line, he’s an angel, so like… the concept of needing a ‘home’ is, you know, giving a fish a bicycle, or something.”
Dean blushes, even though it’s not like it’s a secret. He says it. He loves how Cas gets possessive and he loves how it makes him all stiff and formal sometimes, like something powerful inside him has snapped over his need to possess and protect, and he forgets that he uses modern english and contractions for a little bit, and he growls and glares and grabs… And he loves how Cas gets pouty and buries himself into Dean’s neck, his shoulder, his chest, how he blocks out the world and breathes in Dean until the petty side of the beast inside him is soothed. He loves how Cas touches him with reverence sometimes, and he loves how he’ll just pick him up and move him like his boyfriend is a piece of furniture he’s rearranging, and he loves how he’ll tug and prod and pinch and ever-so-carefully smack, if that’s what Dean needs, if he can make himself ask for it.
“He’s with us, Sam. There isn’t anyone you take an ex-angel to, he-- He’s with us.” Dean shakes his head. “It’s not much, but it’s the best I got. We’re not turning him loose, look at him.”
Cas snorts. “Yes, Dean. Flight is what gets you ‘all backed up’. Not the amount of red meat you consume compared to the amount of fiber.”
Dean throws his head back with a sigh, stabbing aimlessly at his plate until he spears something, sitting back up so he can shovel it in, and for a while, they just eat.
“He’s not that little. I mean, he’s normal-sized. He’s a normal-sized man.” Sam stares at him. “I wouldn’t call him little. Besides, he’s a soldier who’s been around longer than the galaxy we live in. I know he’s not equipped for the modern world and he’s not used to having… needs, but he’s not a lost kitten, Dean.”
Every time the moment breaks, it shakes Dean’s confidence. Every time Cas leaves the bubble of his immediate personal space, or worse, leaves the room, because something’s happened to spoil the building
“Beautiful. More beautiful.” Cas murmurs, his voice soft. “Everything here is more beautiful, than anywhere else in existence.”
“Not really. I just-- I don’t know. I’m here for a day, so… like, if this Sam is, you know, strictly heterosexual, I don’t want to say something that would lead to a weird conversation for her tomorrow.”
“Dude.” Sam stares for a long moment. His brain steadfastly refuses to click things into place but he can feel it hovering in the back of his head, waiting.
“Yeah, yeah… well, I got some words for him, not that I’m sorry you’re back.” He rolls his eyes. Sam’s their best bet for answers, sure-- Dean sold his soul for Sam, didn’t even get the full ten years most demon deals will get you, it’s natural he’d be looking for a way to pay that back. Natural he’d be looking for a way to get
“Good to know.” He actually laughs, at that. Well, he chuckles. Under the circumstances, it’s good enough. “Look, uh, Cas… if you and Rosemary’s baby are gonna be staying here, I-- I don’t know what kind of baby shit you’ve got and don’t got, but I figure, you know, with all the weapons and artefacts in the joint, uh… I ran out and I picked up a baby jail.”
Dean laughs and drags his free hand through his hair, ducks his head. “We are going back for my baby, that’s non-negotiable. We’re in-- um, we’re in Illinois. Wow, um, okay.”
He’s reaching up towards Dean’s cheek, Dean’s experiencing it in slow motion, Cas is reaching for his face, is
“I mean, I care.” He groans, letting go of his empty bowl, spoon rattling as it comes to rest on the bed. “I care that if he’s… I care that I can’t
“No, it’s-- food, that’s-- I wasn’t prepared. I couldn’t have fed us. I got one bag of chips, some Ding Dongs, and a buncha jerky. And I’m pretty useless in survival situations right now.”
Not the anti-possession tattoo, that’s still right where it belongs. But when he peels off the extra compression tank top, there’s no denying, the rack beneath is not his own.
“It would be your own fault, too, but honestly, the last thing I want today is to set off a weird fight between you two.” Sam sighs. “Especially when you’ve got him staying for dinner.”
“Yeah, sure am, buddy!” Dean laughs awkwardly, patting Cas’ back. It’s graceless faux-exuberance, but he’s got to do
“This time is different because he didn’t leave to go do angel stuff, he left so that he wouldn’t be a burden on us, and he’s got nowhere else to go, so get your head out of your ass and find him!”
“Oh no, that’s your bed.” He interrupts Cas. “You’re gonna sleep, like… really sleep. You’re a person, you gotta… This is just something you gotta figure out, and you’re not even used to crappy motel beds, so... I’ll take the cot.”
“Yes. But the larger size and greater power of this one makes me feel more confident. I felt confident I wouldn’t accidentally destroy the shotgun, but it doesn’t offer the same level of control, when the point is to hone my accuracy. Which is silly, I know, because of course I am squally capable of destroying a larger gun, but it’s the psychology of the thing, I guess. The more something appears to be delicate, the more one worries about whether it could be broken. And knowing to expect some recoil means I no longer… you know.”
“Last night you were all ‘Cas pulled me out of Hell, I owe this to him’, but now he runs away and it’s ‘oh’?”
“Bonded to each other.” He corrects, and he draws Dean in even closer, close enough that he definitely notices the whole inevitable ill-timed boner issue. “The earthly mark of our bond has healed, but I assure you, to any creature of celestial or infernal nature, that initial bonding is a
Sam holds his hands up in surrender and takes one of the donuts, though he doesn’t attempt to do anything with the dubious sausage, egg, and plasticky cheese of the breakfast sandwiches.
Dean grabs a book, flipping through looking for information on curses transmissible by slime, though he doesn’t take a seat at the table, just plants a hand next to the book and bends over it.
Dean gives him a sour look, but he tosses him the keys anyway, as they head back to the car. Pulls a towel out of the trunk when they stash their gear-- not to wipe off more of the gunk he’d been splattered with, but to lay out on the seat.
. Like… maybe I win and I ask you to run an errand for me, or… you win and I have to clean your room--”
“You didn’t know it was me before, but you knew me now. Are you really from a decade into the future?”
“Sam?” He lopes over, kicking up dust. “Come on, man, keep it together. I can’t deal with you losing it right now. Not on the road.”
“Well, I mean-- Shit.” Dean paces around in a brisk circle before he drops back into the armchair where Cas had placed him. “It’s not like I haven’t hinted around. I figure if he doesn’t want to, if it feels like it’s not the right time or he doesn’t want to, uh, I dunno, if that’s too much of us…”
“You find us another job, I’ll make some cash.” Dean says, with a heavy sigh, pulling the Impala into a dusty parking lot. The Tap Room to one side, Sam pictures a honky-tonk bar with a rickety pool table. Gas station to the other side, they can fill up and take off after a little rest.
“Just go. Just go… do whatever you did come here for, we’ve got nothing we need to say to each other right now.”
Cas is there in the morning either way, and goes off with Deanna while Sam stays behind in the motel room to do some last-minute research.
“If I don’t get the timing right, you do what you gotta do. Do what you gotta do. I’m not gonna-- Nobody gets to use my body to kill my friend. That’s not happening.”
, if he’s going to imagine fucking Cas, to imagine getting fucked too. Not like his fantasies involve drawing up a schedule about whose turn it is, but he thinks it’s fair if they check in with each other, just to say ‘hey, you want it the same as last time or do you want to switch?’, he thinks that’s a reasonable thing to imagine they would do if they were together like that. And he doesn’t have to worry about what he wants if he just puts it all under a big umbrella of ‘we’d try different things and Cas can choose’. Safe.
“You sure you’re not leaving anything out here? And you got no idea how this happened?” Bobby asks, as Dean settles grudgingly into the passenger’s seat.
“You’re not thinking straight.” Sam hauls his brother up off the floor, getting an arm around him. “It’s the
on the fritz, his wings are… well, Sam’s not sure what happened there, but he knows they’re not working. He sees Dean injured badly on a hunt, at the end of the reel, and when he’s dropped into this world, he’s behind the wheel of the Impala.
“I’m going to regret asking this…” Sam groans, and Dean wants to say ‘so don’t’, but he can’t make himself speak over the pulse of his own neon heart, he feels it in the space on his shoulder where a handprint used to be, he feels it beating through his ribcage.
“You know I’m literally watching you the entire time you’re on one of your little field trips, right?” He says.
He can’t really figure out what he’s supposed to do here, things seem good. Then again, things seemed fine when Cas was human and then he up and ran out on them, so it’s not like he can just check out.
“Forget about it, talking to myself.” He says, taking stock of this version of Dean. Not as different as seeing him as a woman, but a pretty big difference. Pink oxford shirt under a vee-neck sweater. Shoes. Like, real shoes, ones that look nice. Granted, anything other than combat boots was going to look a little weird, even Deanna had the combat boots, but these shoes are… like,
Cas must have gone back to get the baby bathtub out of his car, if he brought a car? He’s got a yellow towel for Jack, with a hood that has a duck face on it. There’s a plastic penguin bobbing in the water that makes a sound whenever Jack tries to push it under and it bobs back up.
The way Cas touches him doesn’t exactly help with Dean’s inevitable ill-timed boner problem. It’s familiar, possessive… assured. Like he knows the littlest touch could make his claim on Dean a neon sign. PROPERTY OF CAS in a buzzing blue glow, blinking on and off to the tune of Dean’s heart.
“No, I know that part. I’m just saying, this particular dick has never been touched, right? So… ipso facto, I’m re-virgin-ized and I gotta fix that.”
“It’s okay. Dean’s… tricky like that. Sometimes things are just touchy, but he doesn’t hold a grudge against a friend for long.”
“Accidentally. It was very embarrassing.” Cas chuckles, like this isn’t turning Dean’s world on its head. He sets the .45 down.
He hits the fast-forward on things, and everything zips by, only stopping to play out a couple of key scenes-- it’s more a refresher course than anything, Sam’s first meeting with Cas isn’t so different, nor does anything else seem to be, not that he’s been able to make out. He doesn’t think Chuck means to show him what Cas is doing with Dean behind his back, in this universe, but even getting just a flash of it, he knows… he knows all too well what he’s looking at.
“Why not? He gets that choice. But only when it’s-- only when it’s safe. Can’t… leave him alone like this, look at him. You know why he passed out? ‘Cause he’s not used to needing to eat, or sleep.”
So that’s how it is. They don’t talk a whole lot, beyond the bare facts. Bobby doesn’t need to ask if Hell was bad and Dean doesn’t need to say it was, it’s
“It’s sure something, ain’t it?” Dean asks, turning to take in Cas’ profile just a moment. “Being out here where you can see all those stars.”
After what he’d seen on Chuck’s highlight reel, the second Sam is slammed into his body to start his twenty-four hours, he heads back to the motel room.
In Dean’s best fantasies, Cas doesn’t even ask. He shows up and says he heard Dean’s prayer, and Dean says ‘what prayer?’, because he didn’t realize shouting an angel’s name while in a state of ecstasy alone in the shower counted as prayer, and by this point Cas has stripped him from the waist down and bent him over the nearest piece of furniture and his tongue is…
“You were romantically entangled with a demon for a while, when we first met. I do not know your entire sexual history, Sam.”
It’s one thing to fantasize about getting fucked-- sure, he used to be ashamed of it whenever the thought crossed his mind, but that was… That was then, this is now. He’s come to grips with himself a little more. And it’s
“You’re lucky we don’t hold you down and spoon-feed you.” Sam threatens. He’s pretty sure Cas is considering it. Instead, he goes outside again, and Sam sighs heavily. “Try not to… you know.”
.” Cas re-angles his head properly, and kisses back, one hand sliding up to the back of Dean’s head, the other hanging onto a fistful of his shirt a moment before spreading wide across his lower back, keeping his body pressed close-- not that it seems in any danger of un-pressing itself from him.
He mumbles the word, and Dean snorts. And it’s weird, because of course Sam knows, logically, that it’s the case. He is learning more about the state of his brother’s genitalia than he ever wanted to, but it’s not like he was clueless. He can’t remember Dean ever being particularly girly, he’s always just been him, but he does remember Dean having periods sometimes. Not like he didn’t already know how to get blood out of clothes by the time he hit puberty, but it still made him miserable, and Sam had an intellectual awareness of what his brother being a trans man meant, and what kind of spotty health services he had access to, and phalloplasty certainly wasn’t an option, and like… he
“For who? You think if we ask real nice, he’s just gonna put everything back? We’re too late. And I don’t want…”
“I am making this sacrifice, and whatever happens happens. It’s up to you, to save your brother. Get it right. Because if you do not… I won’t be there to help you clean up the next mess. If I return to your side and you have accepted Michael, he will put an end to me for my betrayal. You have one shot.”
Except Dean doesn’t say what he said before, about killing Zachariah in order to become Michael’s vessel.
“First of all, virginity is a social construct that-- okay, and your eyes are glazing over. Whatever. Virginity isn’t real.”
“You do know you still have to give me a chance to fix this.” Sam reminds Chuck. He’s afraid there are some things Dean’s not going to be able to take back.
“Yeah, while I was napping.” He says, because ‘since the world ended’ isn’t exactly a question he can ask, and this gives him an out, lets him pretend things are normal. If this is the third strike, he doesn’t need to know what happens if he fucks it up again.
They don’t say anything more. Honestly, the whole universe feels like a gimme. Dean sets his cot up by the door, Cas emerges with damp hair and crawls into his bed, and… maybe it’s not normal, but it’s nothing Sam can’t roll with, based on other times Cas has been depowered.
“You took the witch out, getting hit with something could have happened to anyone. Did you do something that made it… faster? Should you have not showered? Or… I don’t know--”
“Uhh… yeah.” He jumps off of the bed and goes to where his supposed research is spread. The map on Chuck’s screen had been written on, and so is this one, the other Sam must have gotten the info before going to dinner last night. “Think we’re heading here. You get anything different?”
“Yeah, and what do you want if you win? You really think I’m gonna… what, let you hustle your free will in a game of pool?” He laughs.
“Yeah, no kidding. Who thinks that’s gonna communicate? Some hundred year old hobo living out of one of these cars? You know what, no. I am out of the ‘investigating weird shit’ business, I do not need to know what’s in the hills out there, I don’t-- We’re thirteen minutes from an actual
“Yeah?” Dean smiles. Overhead, there’s a brief, bright streak, and he can’t think of a better sign from above to get a move on. He turns carefully onto his side. “Hey. Make a wish.”
to say ‘sorry for freaking you out, that was a joke but I realize now it was in poor taste’! You were supposed to not freak
“It helps if he sleeps, before you come back. I assume when he doesn’t, you mistake him for drunk… He doesn’t dream of Hell, when I’ve come unto him. He sleeps deeply, he wakes rested. Do you notice that?”
“You’re staying for dinner, right? Burgers and beers.” Dean asks, standing well within the bubble of Cas’ personal space-- or maybe it’s the other way around-- after Cas has finished checking him over and been satisfied.
“She wanted your blood for a ritual.” Cas allows Dean to sag against him, brings one arm up to steady him. An invisible force nudges Sam back half a step. “I could not allow it. But I see you’re all right…”
to slow down his body’s ‘time to get banged by an angel’ train, without actually letting Cas let go of him and step away, because no one needs Sam seeing the aforementioned inevitable ill-timed boner.
?” He huffs, all offended. “First of all, if you think you’ve been sneaky about this whole thing between you, you’re really not. It’s kind of late for ‘buddy’. Cas looks like he’s two seconds away from tattooing ‘Property of Castiel, Angel of the Lord’ across your forehead, I think you can lay off the ‘buddy’ stuff.”
“I’d be fine if he was human, you know.” He says, after a few more minutes of the two of them steadily eating the worst thing Sam’s ever made.
“Shit-- finally. Yeah, hi-- Uh-huh, can I get a rollaway, room six? Yeah, that’s fine. Okay, cool. Yeah, thanks.” Dean hangs up at last. “They’ll send over a cot and some extra bedding.”
. It is a job not so easily done. When I wove your brother back together, it was my grace which bound him back into himself, but he is not yet ready… he cannot yet be without me.”
Sam looks around, really looks. There are rusting broken-down cars here and there, most of them stripped down, some abandoned right in the middle of the highway, some parked around the crumbling ex-gas station. There are arrows spraypainted on the highway, too, labeled with symbols he doesn’t know. An ‘r’ next to one he thinks is pointing north. One pointing off the road entirely labeled with a circle with two arrows through it. A pair of diamonds gouged into a car door, lying near the pumps. Another symbol on the side of the pumps. Despite the distinct lack of anything that doesn’t belong in a post-apocalyptic wasteland, he can smell french fries.
“Maybe not, but when he wakes up, you know what he’s gonna do? He’s gonna lecture you about how you shouldn’t have pushed yourself to heal him as much as you did.”
“I don’t know. Take him to Bobby, or… hell, who else do you take an ex-angel to? What do we even do for the guy?”
“You play into Hell’s machinations, you allow yourself to be led into depravity, you let a demon bring you comfort… tell me, Sam, in all this, what does it mean to you, to be the center of a Righteous man’s world?”
“I am very vigilant.” He chuckles, though it’s quiet and heavy with months of sadness. “I never need allow him out of my sight.”
“What do you think? Friggin’... angel of the Lord shows up, probably has some kind of spidey sense for sin, so… you know, you do the math, Sam!”
of his brain gets it. But part of his brain is just rebelling against the whole thing because Dean’s always been Dean and if you hadn’t seen him bitching and moaning and mainlining barbecue potato chips and 7-Up while holding a hot water bottle to his gut, you’d make some reasonable assumptions.
the Winchester who came to ask me to give you your pet angel back. And I figure there’s something I could offer… Where
“Okay, put an angel in me.” He says, doesn’t seem to hear Sam at all, and light floods the room, light Sam has to shield his eyes from, and when he’s able to see, Dean isn’t Dean.
And he stops. Can he ask or is he already supposed to know, why Cas is with them on a simple enough vamp hunt? Or is it not as simple as they thought?
“He, uh… he’s got good taste in music, that kid.” Dean refuses to meet anyone’s eyes, tossing and catching the lamb.
“Cas!” He jogs forward, scooping him up. He looks pale, pained… it doesn’t take a genius to realize he must have taken off by wing after walking in at the absolute worst moment, didn’t even think about the fact that they wouldn’t carry him. They’ve been broken before, and still not as bad as they are in this world… “Hey-- hey, look… Dean’s an idiot.”
“Okay. Good.” He breathes out a sigh, and tugs Jack into a quick hug. “Good. Hey… I’m really proud of you, okay? Handling the end of the world is kind of… more than you should have to deal with at your age. Or I guess ever, right? Most families plan on dealing with the end of the world never. Sorry you got saddled with this one.”
. He’s almost sorry to steal the first glimpse of it from the Sam who’s been fighting through an apocalypse world for who knows how long. Almost.
Sam would love to ask, but there’s no way this version of him needs any clarification on what delivery day is, or anything else. He picks up a book, starts reading, and hopes that if he just waits around long enough, something will give him the clue he needs. Or Cas will show up. Is Cas ‘delivery day’? If he and Dean are stuck in the bunker full-time, maybe he is. Someone would have to make supply runs, after all, and if Dean isn’t any freer than Sam is...
He had been just-drunk-enough, and sentimental. He’d flipped past a movie on TV where Cary Grant had been talking about how lonely it is never to feel the heat or the cold or anything else, he hadn’t meant to… He hadn’t meant to pray to Castiel. He hadn’t had anything to ask for, beyond ‘come home safe’. He hadn’t realized he was sending something that would go through.
.” He growls, and with a tug Dean knows is effortless on his part, he has their bodies pressed together. For a moment it’s just the touch of his hand, almost light on Dean’s back now, that holds them together. That and some force as inexorable as gravity and twice as strong, that keeps Dean’s beating heart from pulling back when he can hear the hammer of Cas’ own against him. And then Cas’ other arm is around his shoulders, pulling him into a crushing embrace. Cas’ face is tucked in against Dean’s neck, he breathes in deep and there’s the faintest tremor to it.
He can feel the heat fill his face, and travel down his neck, can feel it stifling and itchy beneath the collar. Can feel the sweat on his palms from it.
“Yeah. Stick around. Stay. Make sure nothing, I don’t know, happens to him while I’m asleep, or… I don’t know. But I think he’d rather wake up to you here than not, you know?”
For a long moment, Dean just glares at him, and then he pushes past Sam and slams the bathroom door. Based on the lack of any sounds of running water, or anything else, he’d done it entirely to have a door to slam between them.
Okay, that was… unsubtle. Then again, this is Cas, subtle might not really be the best tactic. He really has no idea what the best tactic is, because he’s in a universe where Cas did something… not-right or not-enough when he brought Dean back and now Dean’s a…
Well. That’s… Sam’s not sure. Harsh, under the circumstances, but not out of line for a stressed-out Dean. He gets out of the car, slamming the door behind him, and he clearly doesn’t expect Sam to get out as well.
Dean stirs, and Cas places a hand to his forehead-- doesn’t seem to do anything to make him sleep, as far as Sam can tell, it’s his palm against Dean’s forehead and he simply holds it there as Dean re-settles. It takes too long for it to be a thing Cas
“What do you normally do? When I’m out, when you-- when you’re hiding this? How do you keep him… okay?”
“Of course. While I was occupying her, she was safe. It was… still dangerous, potentially, but… no, she was unharmed.”
Cas doesn’t answer. He makes his own circuit around the place, such as it is, does his own work warding it against everything he’s got a ward for. Sigils Sam recognizes and a couple he doesn’t. Sam works on the soup, and things are quiet for a while. Cas’ guilt follows him around like a dark cloud, but there’s nowhere he can go, and Sam knows Chuck must have been edging them towards a breaking point, must have wanted one of those big break-up fights to go down while the three of them are stuck together getting cabin fever-- according to his phone, they’re going nowhere soon, so the other Sam is just going to have to deal with that-- but if he can redirect things now… Maybe they were careening towards a big argument over who’s the horrible burden on whom and who’s the worst and who would be better off without the other, but they don’t need to be.
“Brunette.” Sam shrugs, daring another look, accepting that it’s less obvious than having Deanna turn around in her seat. He doesn’t know what she’s into but he knows the information his own Dean would want to know. “Stacked?”
“He’s stable.” Cas says, from the backseat, where he’s got Dean lying in his lap and the two of them look like they just stumbled off the set of a Tarantino movie. Cas looks as strained and as breathless as Dean does, both their faces drawn with pain and kind of sweaty.
Cas just tilts his head to the side, squinting at Sam like he’s lost his mind, and it sets Dean off laughing in spite of himself, because
“This one’s a little different…” Chuck looks at him like he’s holding back a laugh. “You know what? No highlights.”
“They haven’t ‘stopped working’, they’re just… Look, we know what’s going on and we’re going to fix it before it gets bad.”
“You wanna be careful, ‘cause she kicks like a mule, but--” Dean starts, only for Cas to squeeze down on the trigger. The recoil doesn’t move him an
But maybe that’s about what Dean really needs, anyway-- someone who’s not any more comfortable with things than he is, who doesn’t want to have deep conversations, or at least doesn’t want to have them sober, but… who
“What did you say to piss him off? For me it was suggesting I’m an adult. Also I could kick his ass at pool.”
He can’t change that their night went a little off the rails. But he can do this-- he can put things back on track.
“You don’t want what?” He asks, and doesn’t let Dean squirm out from under the question, as he drops him into the chair. It’s not exactly the most comfortable place, but Sam’s not exactly comfortable with the idea of hauling him all the way to his bed, not if he plans on being a dead weight the whole walk.
.” Cas insists, like it’s some unshakeable truth. “He asked me one very simple thing, the simplest, not to change. And here I am. And if I can’t do that for him, and I cannot even heal him properly, if I can’t protect him on an ordinary hunt… what am I?”
Cas frowns, and it couldn’t be clearer to Sam that he’s committed to it whether or not Dean agrees to his conditions-- but also, it’s that look he sometimes gets where Sam thinks he’s weighing whether or not knocking one of them out for a couple hours would make his life easier. Familiar ground.
“I’m never talking to him again. He might be low on angel mojo, but I’m pretty sure he can still kill me with a look.”
“I’m just saying, it could be anything, and I don’t think it’s unreasonable of me to worry about you. And if Cas was here, maybe--”
“He’s gotten bigger.” Cas shrugs, adjusting his hold on Jack’s diaper bag. He doesn’t appear to have any luggage of his own, just stuff for Jack.
“It goes the one way it can or we’re all pretty boned, got it.” Dean releases Cas at last, stepping back. “You’re really ready to be m-- to be our backup on this? Because it’s gonna be another level of betrayal, and you don’t have to--”
In Dean’s better fantasies, Cas asks what Dean needs, and he just says ‘you’. He falls to his knees, promises it’s Cas’ turn to ask anything of him, because he always asks too much and he never makes it about what Cas needs, but doesn’t Cas have needs? And in those fantasies, the ones he does his best not to think too hard about, Cas has
Maybe it’s unfair to Cas, that he didn’t get this in the real world, when he seems to enjoy fatherhood so much, seems to take genuine joy in the mundane feeding of an infant in his care.
“My grace sustains him.” Cas looks down at Dean, hand going to his brow. “Pulling a soul from the pit, restoring every part of him… it takes
Dean’s stomach twists. He won’t, he realizes, without permission, he won’t if Dean doesn’t ask, for all the things he can see in him he isn’t sure of this, but he has to want it, doesn’t he?
“I don’t know, because sometimes you do, sometimes you want to talk about shit and it’s none of your business. You think because you pulled me out of Hell once, you have the right to save me now, like I’m worth that, but I never asked you to save me.”
Dean beckons him in closer, before leaning heavily into his side, hand coming up to pat halfheartedly at Sam’s back.
"Fuck," Dean breathed out, tilting his head to the side to entice Cas by revealing the long line of his neck. Taking the bait, Cas pressed his lips to the spot behind Dean's ear that usually leaves him a whimpering mess, and sucks just as he pulls out and thrusts into Dean hard. "Fuck!" Dean said, much louder this time, and he feels Castiel's lips curl into a smirk against his skin.
Seconds later, Cas came in a rush of warmth deep inside of Dean and his hips slowed as he rode out his climax. Completely spent, he dropped Dean’s legs and they splayed open bonelessly for him so he could cover Dean’s body with his own and kiss him hard and long, breaking apart only when the need to breathe became too pressing.
“Someday,” Cas whispered against his skin before nipping lightly at the spot where a mating bite would traditionally go.
Cas’ eyes flicked from the darkened green of Dean’s down to his lips, and he licked his own, completely aware that Dean was tracking the movement of his tongue. He longed to lean in and close the final few inches that separated them and finally kiss Dean after a decade of wanting him, but not here. That wasn’t his plan.
When they were old enough, Castiel taught the kids how to tend to the bees and weed the garden. In their teens, Dean was the one to teach them to drive and how to change a tire because, “No kid of mine is going to be stranded on the side of the road without a basic life skill.” And when Claire, and then a few years later, Jack went off to college, Dean and Castiel cried and spent far too much time wandering through their empty bedrooms before finally realizing that an empty nest could actually be fun for a couple like them who were still so very in love and lust with each other.
Dean leaned down and kissed the head of Cas’ cock, smiling as he felt it twitch in response. He ran his tongue around the tip, reveling in the breathy little gasps that came from Cas with every new touch. “I’ve wanted you for so long, Cas. Never knew you wanted me,” he murmured against the velvety skin.
“I was just wondering that myself,” he replies. He usually goes commando under lounge pants, or with boxer briefs, but he does have a few things tucked away at the back of the drawer for his kink shows. Glancing over at Dean, he can’t help but wonder how the omega would react to seeing him wrapped in lace or something strappy and satin. “Help me choose?” he asks coyly, well aware that he’s practically naked, his wet hair dripping onto his shoulders.
"We're surrounded by walls made of stone. I crack one, and we could be buried. I haven't come this far to lose you in a sex-related accident," Cas warned and he saw the danger dawn in Dean's eyes as the hunter looked up at the canyon walls.
Returning to his room, he dropped down on the edge of the bed before noticing his phone on the nightstand. He felt so stupid when he realized he hadn’t even checked it, and he calmed a bit when he saw he had a new text from Cas. Then he read it and had the sudden urge to go out and kill something.
Dean smiled and brought Castiel’s hand up to brush his lips across his knuckles. “Best decision of my life. Now when you make me scream, there’s no one right below to hear us.”
“I mean, he’s still a good friend to have. Just maybe… explain basic nutritional needs to him. I know you’ve never willingly eaten a vegetable that wasn’t deep fried or on a burger--”
“Well. So do you. And I know I get mad when you’re the one dropping the ball. And I know I’m not always fair about it. And-- and I know we got a complicated history between the two of us, on a, a cosmic level, and we’ve seen some
.” He says, jaw clenched tight and brows drawn. “I don’t believe in a whole hell of a lot nowadays, end of the world’ll do that to a man, but I got this. I got-- I got, I pull over. And I park her by the pumps. And I remember what it used to be. I know it’s not much and I know you think it’s crazy, but it keeps me going, Sam. And I-- I’m sorry, okay? That life’s not better. And maybe we shoulda just stayed with the doc and her family back in their shelter for as long as they’da let us, or at the truck stop camp, even if it wasn’t-- But I don’t know, Sam. It was just… it made my skin crawl and I wasn’t ready to sit still and accept that there wasn’t gonna be something better. Maybe I was wrong.”
“My time spent as a human was illuminating and disgusting.” And he mumbles into Dean’s neck with just the right amount of pout on it, disarming. “I know what fiber is.”
It’s the wrong argument, he gets that immediately, once the words are out. Hadn’t his own Dean told him, what feels like a solid week ago now? And he still hadn’t realized the kind of love he felt, not even knowing he felt like there was nothing for him in a world without Cas, no point to living. He doesn’t want Cas stretching himself on his account, not even if it works out. Not if it means any kind of risk to him.
Dean looks at Sam, then over at Adam, looks agonized for a moment. Sam’s vision is swimming, and he can barely hear him over… well, over what’s either an angelic presence or impending death, buzzing low in the back of his skull, he’s not sure which. Bad as it is, he’s still way too aware of Dean, looking at him like it might be the last time.
She raises an eyebrow, but makes no comment. Sam’s not going to be in this world long enough to actually face the vamps head on. Though now he guesses he can chalk Cas’ presence up to there being a dozen of them, maybe-- does this Cas drop in to help them if they ask, on relatively normal cases? If Cas was actually hunting with them full time, he doesn’t think that’s the point where Chuck would drop him in.
, and that’s without making a round trip to Hell and back, that’s with a fraction of the trauma Dean’s got on his plate. So… maybe he just needs to know that Bobby cares enough to struggle through a conversation, and that’s enough, because Dean sure as hell, sure as Hell, doesn’t want to talk about his feelings… but he still deserves to know that his feelings matter to somebody in this world.
“Should I return after you have pants?” Cas asks, though he doesn’t stop staring. At Dean’s face, at least, but still, Sam gets how it’s still disconcerting to be stared at when you’re in a towel.
Dean’s in his room before he can bite back a retort, but that does fix the issue of his inevitable ill-timed boner, and not making a big show of it. And Cas is with him, so…
“I guess we’ll be making a meal out of… that.” Sam sighs. Dean… He couldn’t even buy a loaf of bread and a jar of peanut butter? Then again, he didn’t know this was going to happen. They were supposed to be out on the road, miles from the next kitchenette where they could expect to spend a few days making sandwiches.
“Yes, preferable to the jar, I know.” He nods, his tone conversational. “You didn’t care for the strained carrots from the Gerber corporation, I recall the complaints, but for the record this is also a carrot. Remarkable that it provides such a different experience, but this one was cooked with red meat, and I do believe that makes some difference. Dean made this. Dean went out and got you a play pen, which will paradoxically allow you far more freedom. Please don’t-- Jack, please don’t put your hand up my nose, we’ve had this discussion before several times, it is not sanitary nor do I appreciate it. I accept that the concept of sanitation is beyond you at this point, but please think about not doing it on the basis that it is uncomfortable for me, the owner of the nose.”
“Mom would like having a baby around.” Dean breaks the silence at last, rising and taking his plate to the sink. “She didn’t, uh… didn’t really get to enjoy all the kid stuff. If she got back while they’re here, dunno… I think she’d…”
“How are you making this my fault? I brought him in, I bought him a toothbrush, I gave him the damn bed and slept on the cot, why is it my fault when he could’ve seen that all that friggin’ meant something? I mean, why did I think it would be different? This is what he does, he leaves.”
“Sammy’s having an off day.” Dean says, and when he’s gently cuffed upside the head, he laughs like it’s an affectionate in-joke, not a warning to shape the hell up. “Hey, I’m the good son!”
Cas nods, but there’s still a shakiness to him. It’s a quiet thing, an under-the-surface thing, and if it wasn’t for the thing between them, maybe Dean wouldn’t have caught onto it, but it’s there. He’s right here, all in one piece and barely any worse for wear, but Cas is seeking reassurance.
There’s not much for entertainment, but there’s a record player, and Sam puts on something he doesn’t think anyone will object to before serving up bowls of mushroom soup. Not exactly just like mom used to make… though at least he can say he’s living up to her legacy of not being great in the kitchen. He nudges Dean awake, nods to Cas for help sitting Dean up-- and of course Dean bats weakly at both of them for daring to help him when he nearly died that afternoon.
Dean looks like Dean. Passes all the tests for being human. It’s freaky as hell, sure, but even a paranoid son of a bitch doesn’t keep on looking a gift horse in the mouth once he’s gotten a good look at the teeth. It’s
They’ve fallen into a quiet lull, when Dean comes into the kitchen, back from blowing off steam, and while everything about him gives off ‘angry stomping’ vibes, he doesn’t actually stomp-- he doesn’t make much noise at all as he checks on the oven, pulling out a roast with vegetables that have practically melted into the surrounding gravy. He starts making up plates-- three of them, the third of which he places in front of Cas, not meeting his eyes.
think about. Not until he finds Sam and finds out what kind of deal he made. He’ll worry about what might have marked him once Sam is accounted for. And if Sam’s not answering his phone, or any of Dean’s phones, then that means going to Bobby first and asking him where Sam is, because he is not ready to accept that something has already collected.
“Right. Five minutes, you got it.” He raises his hands in surrender and lets himself out, hearing the lock behind him. The minute he turns to actually start walking, he just about walks right into soccer mom Cas.
“I don’t think I can beat you. I think Cas can. I think… I think the idea that there’s only one world where Cas chooses us is bullshit. We’re his family. No matter how much you mess him around, controlling every aspect of your big ‘story’, that’s what’s supposed to be real. So if there are other versions of the world where Cas isn’t with us, it’s only because you took him out of the story completely.”
His touch is gentle, still tracing over and over the hand he’s healed, like he’s healing it still. Dean’s all goosebumps over it, all stomach-butterflies and funny little heart palpitations over it.
“Didn’t go so well?” Chuck asks, the room reeling around Sam, the screens cued for the next highlight reel.
Pretending he had a dick when he was around people was normal. Pretending he’d ever had a bedroom was a lie he never truly believed he could sell.
It’s not like Bobby would be any help if it wasn’t. He doesn’t know exactly what Dean takes, doesn’t know if there are pills involved or if it’s all injections, like with insulin, or if it’s something completely different. He knows there’s
“I debated telling her the truth, but I was worried it might be… too much. I still hoped to keep you free from any… interference. I believe she chalked the differences up to the stress of studies.”
Sam may be unaware of the inevitable ill-timed boner, but he still groans and rolls his eyes, Bitch Face Number Nine sweeping over his features.
Sam’s childhood is pretty much the same, since it’s still just Dean raising him in a series of motel rooms most of the time. A couple stretches at Bobby’s. A lousy apartment that they stay in for four years so Sam’s high school can be uninterrupted-- Dean still drops out, but he gets his GED the year Sam graduates, they study together. They seem… okay. Not good, but okay.
Dean gives a sound, a hollow, half-voiced laugh that’s just a hair’s breadth off from being a sob. “Sure. That’s what I need.”
He focuses on winning Cas over on the drive, doesn’t lay it on too thick. He can’t say he’s done this before, he’s not exactly sure what he can say to convince Cas without being able to tell him it’s already happened for him and it worked. All he can do is assert his trust in Dean whenever the conversation allows.
“You’re absolutely sure, that there’s nothing that I can do for you?” Cas asks, honey and gravel, a voice so low and sweet that Dean could almost believe he wants him to ask, that he’s thinking about it, too, that all he needs is for Dean to say please, please do just one thing for me and I promise it’ll be good for you, too…
“Ten years.” He scrubs a hand over his face, his voice a little weak, a little wet. “And this-- here?”
Dean mumbles something else against him, something Sam doesn’t hear. The last thing he sees, before he finds himself yanked back out of the reality he’s been in, is the softening line of Cas’ shoulders and the softening lines of his expression, as he agrees to come out to the bar.
“You may not consume my beer, Sam.” She cocks her head to the side again for a moment, and then uncaps and drains the bottle. “That would subvert the purpose in bringing it to me and not to you.”
Whatever fixed the scars and the tits also fixed all the old damage from binding while hunting-- which had been a rocky road. He’d assumed bandages would work and
He’s not even thinking about delivery day, when several hours of reading and one nap later there comes a heavy footfall from down the hallway, and he turns to see John Winchester, of all people. Bringing sandwiches.
“Yes, you do a lot of ‘just saying’.” Cas grumbles. That, at least, reminds him of their own Cas-- grouchy and just a little bit petty when annoyed by Winchester Bullshit.
“I’m not actually sure. I mean, yes, but if this is me here, then this might be… you know, the same vessel, but…”
, Dean turns the volume up, and when it’s up a little too loud to be comfortable and Sam turns in his seat to start trying to talk to Cas again, Dean just starts belting out lyrics. So that’s the end of talking about it.
“But if I were still what I was, he would be better.” He says, and he almost touches Dean’s forehead, he reaches out and then he stops himself. “I don’t belong here.”
Dean shepherds Cas into the bathroom, the door ajar. Sam can hear soft, indistinct conversation, and the running sink-- and he can hear the point at which Dean’s instructions are delivered around a toothbrush. The cot arrives mid-lesson, so he accepts it, tipping the kid who’d made the delivery and leaving both cot and bedding for Dean to set up.
Dean’s eyes dilate, his scent sweetening and mixing with the cinnamon Cas pumps out like crazy when they’re together. “How do you want to do this, Alpha?”
Dean moaned, rocking back to fuck himself on Cas’ fingers desperately. He wasn’t full enough. He didn’t know if he would ever be full enough when it came to Cas or if he'd always be left wanting more. “Please,” he begged again, and Cas just continued to fuck him with three fingers, bringing his second hand up to stroke Dean’s rock hard cock. “C-Cas, fuck, please! Knot me!”
He went to the kitchen and filled his arms with as many beers as he could carry without dropping them. Sam said he wasn’t coping the way he normally was. May as well start now. He stood them all up on his nightstand and pulled out his laptop, settling on the bed and popping the first bottle cap as the computer booted up.
Castiel reached the house after speeding the entire way home, and promptly stripped every stitch of clothing from his body on his way up to his bedroom. The scent of apples still clung to his hair and skin having transferred to him while he rolled around in the prostitute’s bed like an animal. It mingled with his own scent, filling the room with the scent of freshly baked apple pie. He sunk down into the mattress and had a hand on his cock in an instant, stripping it fast and rough only to come all over his stomach and chest within seconds. He panted and collected himself, only to end up hard again as his heart rate returned to normal. He swept up his release with his fingers and coated his cock with it, slicking himself to ease the friction of the second of many masturbatory sessions he’d end up having before his rut ran its course.
In the bedroom, his cell phone was ringing again, and he ignored it, opting to go to the kitchen to see if there was any food in the house instead. He put a kettle on for tea and found some shortbread cookies in the pantry, and was just pouring the hot water over the teabag when he heard tires crunching over the gravel in his driveway. Peeking out the window, he saw Ellen standing at the open backdoor of her car, talking to an unseen passenger.
Cas can hear the tips coming in. The frequency of the beeps and jingles make him well aware that they have to be getting close to the final goal, and he’s wondering how to take Dean. They’d decided against a poll this time, and for that Cas was glad. He longs to see Dean’s face this time, more than anything.
Dean pulled away, looking up at Cas through his lashes, eyes hooded and dark with arousal. The head of Cas’s cock dragged obscenely over Dean’s bottom lip as it fell free, leaving Dean’s lips wet and swollen from use. Cas traced the seam of Dean’s mouth with his thumb, groaning when Dean dipped forward and sucked it into his mouth.
Cas released his huge cock, letting it slap wetly against his belly as he pushed himself up to look at his computer. “They think your voice is sexy,” he said, grinning over at him. “I’m getting offers for huge tips if you to join me.”
Cas let out a little noise that sounded suspiciously like a growl and took a step back, hands trailing down Dean’s arms before letting go of him completely. “I’ll see you upstairs. Five minutes.”
Tips start rolling in as Dean lets his hands wander over his torso, stopping to pinch a nipple here and run a palm over his cock there. He’s beautiful, all toned, freckled skin and long limbs, and he lets his legs fall open to reveal the slightest glint of slick at his hole. Cas knows in this moment he has no prayer of getting through this without getting off.
"Did you just call her sweetheart?" He gripped both of Dean's wrists in his hands, slamming them against the car door as the length of his body pressed against the startled man. "You. Are. Mine!”
“I promise. I can wash the bedding a little at a time next time. I’ll make sure something with our scents on it is always in the nest,” Cas says. “If that’s not good enough, we can leave it all. Whatever makes you happy. Just come out. Please.”
“Not in the cards for me.” He’s quick to interrupt despite the mass of potato still half-chewed. He only gives it a couple more chews before swallowing. “But yeah, Sam might settle down and have kiddos one of these days. Not too late, right?”
Dean being in danger had never been something Cas handled ‘well’, to say the least. Now that they’re together, he’s even worse. And this time, the stupid plan had paid off, this time Dean hadn’t needed any grand rescue to get himself out of trouble. He’d hoped that would put Cas at ease, but it’s clear that it’s done the opposite, instead-- without anything to fight, to physically defeat in defense of his favorite human, Cas is left with the pent-up worry of what
And so Sam gets the tree put in place while Dean starts something in the kitchen, and the two of them are stringing popcorn so that the tree is decorated with something other than a couple of protective amulets dug up from around the bunker and a couple of badly-made paper snowflakes. They’re still stringing popcorn-- and bickering aimlessly-- when Sam’s phone rings.
“Maybe if you’d told him you wanted him to stay instead of talking about how you owed it to him to take care of him, he wouldn’t have thought he was a burden.” Sam snaps, curtains twitching in his grip as he looks out at the dark skies and the pouring rain.
“Do I date men or women?” Sam asks, as they drop onto the bench out front of the place, a little too early for him to want to head back to the motel. “If you even know that, I guess maybe you don’t…”
Van Nuys even though it could be another warehouse for all he can tell, and he feels like he might collapse, or puke. Adam very nearly does both, but manages to catch himself on both counts, before turning to stare at Dean with wary disbelief. If Dean wasn’t slightly… glowy, Sam doesn’t think he or Adam would be able to see much.
“I just… It seems whenever I begin to settle, I’m reminded of my past failures. And I don’t think there’s any making up for everything I’ve done. And I appreciate the thought, Dean, but it would take an astounding amount of alcohol to affect me now, and I’m really not worth that kind of waste.”
“Cas.” Dean whispers, hand coming to rest at the center of Cas’ upper back, right there between where his wings would sprout, if he were to unfold them into this plane of existence. “I promise, man, if I’m ever in over my head, you’re my first call.”
“What for? So he can apologize that I found out so bluntly, so he can say that he never intended to let on that he knew about my feelings? And then I’ll lie and say everything is fine, knowing I’ve failed him so spectacularly that that spark of feeling I once thought he might have for me is laughable now?”
“That’s okay. You can rest.” He strokes at Cas’ cheek, their noses nearly touch, Cas brings his other hand up, shaky, still shaky, his thumb finds the edge of Dean’s grin and traces it to a dimple.
“Okay, cool, great-- I mean, weird, and-- weird, but… So you’re sticking around, or like… staying within calling distance? Coming along for the ride?”
Dean’s at the bottom of the stairs when Sam brings Cas in, and Cas freezes as their eyes meet, his grip on the strap of the diaper bag tightens, knuckles white.
.” Sam fires back, although… does this Dean have standards? Or, Deanna? That has to be it, right? She probably does-- though, as someone who learned to fight about the same time she learned to read and is never more than arm’s reach from at least three knives and a gun, she can afford to take some risks. If this woman is still Dean, Sam’s pretty sure she could kick any guy’s ass if he didn’t behave himself.
“... Yeah, good point. Eh, it’s nice having him around, I mean, if you think we really need someone else on this.” Dean shrugs. “Don’t make a big deal out of the whole… me getting cursed thing. I’m not feeling anything weird, just… you know, tell him if he wants to help us hit the books, there’s a beer and a burger in it for him. He’s gonna try and say he doesn’t eat, but then he’s gonna want one once he smells ‘em.”
“So far, no big display of powers. It gives me hope, that I can teach him responsibility as he comes into them in time. Excuse me-- it’s about time for me to change him.” Cas stands, the moment before Jack starts fussing. “I think I will try putting him down in the play pen afterwards, to see what he makes of it.”
, and it’s his humble opinion that just about the only thing John Winchester ever did right was let Dean be Dean, because there’s been
“It was my honor to be tasked with it.” He says, but even that seems too much like acknowledging Dean’s inherent brightness and goodness.
“You sure about that?” Dean asks, before taking a long pull from his beer. Lips pink and plump around the neck of the bottle, and the way he sighs after he’s swallowed, the way his head falls back… He sets the beer aside and shakes himself out a little, before returning to the table to make his own next move.
“Dean…” This time he barely croaks the name out, his knees threaten to give for a moment before he finds the strength to move again, and they’re rushing each other now, slamming into an embrace.
about?” Sam asks, turning to give Dean some privacy to dress in. He can hear him moving around the room, grabbing clothes. Pointedly not answering. “Well?”
When Chuck puts it that way, it sounds insane. On the other hand, it also sounds like what he’s been doing, whether or not he’s been aware of it, since Cas pulled Dean out of Hell. Every major turning point that’s led to their having anything they could call their own has been because Cas has chosen them, that’s something they’ve essentially got god’s own assurance on, so why wouldn’t he stake everything he has left on Cas coming through for them again?
The nipples are still about where he’d expect them to be if he was going to wake up boobless. They still have the same amount of sensation, which… nice, but a gas station bathroom he’d just broken into to wash grave dirt off himself isn’t the ideal place to experiment in depth with that.
Well, he’s not not an angel, or… he wasn’t always a human. But somewhere after pulling Dean out of the Pit, he got his wings knocked off. Apparently Sam doesn’t know the hows and whys, because those don’t show up in the reel. He just knows Cas is traveling with them, sleeping in the back of the Impala, confused and grumpy. It could be the same as the first time he got his powers knocked out of him, for all Sam knows, if a bunch of other things went differently here. He knows Cas is traveling with them because they saved him from a pissed-off demon and kind of engaged in what you could call a soft kidnapping in terms of bundling him into the car and then crossing state lines with him without asking him for permission. But he wasn’t super conscious for that part, and crossing state lines without paying attention is kind of part of the life, and it’s not like the place they started from was any kind of home for him.
The more he comes down from the panic and the vague aching dissociation of coming back from the dead, the more he can kind of feel the difference. Not just that difference, but all the rest of it. That, too, though. If he’d woken up under normal circumstances, he’d definitely have noticed that he’d traded his tits for several good inches of dick and also testicles. The testicles are going to take some getting used to, actually. And he’s
Sam sees himself, in his crib. Sees his father killed that night instead of his mother, and then it’s speeding through his childhood growing up with Dean and their mom, and there’s a lot that isn’t different-- she changes, too, she gets hard and she drinks a little too much and she throws herself back into hunting. Sam still runs away a couple of times, but when he goes off to Stanford it’s with her understanding, if not her blessing, and he thinks Dean makes it through their childhood without getting hit, outside of the occasional light tap when he’s being taught to fight.
“What? Look, you of all people should appreciate that Winchester women are a lot to handle, and if I can’t find someone who’s equipped to handle me, then what’s the point? I can’t get my back blown out if I accidentally break the guy in half.”
Or, not mercifully, because they’ve reached Jess’ death, and he’s not ready. It doesn’t matter how many times he rebuilds his life, or what he rebuilds it into, or who with, there’s no being ready for this. Dean holding him fast, dragging him back, the anguish on his face when he realizes he can’t hold them both, when the girl he’d hooked up with, a girl he barely knows, charges in instead, and Sam missed why she was there, how she was there, the Sam in the highlight reel doesn’t even seem to notice when she runs into the fire, but Dean…
“I was instructed to save him. I am still doing so. The process is… complicated.” Cas’ frown deepens.
In the kitchen, Cas heats up milk-- given Dean’s orders not to touch anything, he does it with his powers, which Sam guesses is also pretty precise. Nice to know he’s got his full complement of powers now, in this universe, because if he and Jack are on their own, he probably needs them. Cas alternates between trying to get Jack to eat strained carrots and helping him with his bottle, and then giving him a gentle jiggle and a backrub when he won’t eat more.
“If I say I’m ready to become a vessel, you’ll let my brothers go?” His stance shifts, his expression is drawn.
“My fault, I fear I offended him. He… he believes that I see him… badly. That I hold him to a higher standard, and that I feel pity for him. I failed to explain. I see all of your brother’s best qualities, but if I was to pick a flaw in him, it would be his stubbornness. He does not listen.”
after the gentle lull they’d fallen into, and suddenly Cas is on the other side of the table, looking studiously at old notes. “How’d it go?”
as nice as Dean’s fed shoes, only he’s wearing them around the bunker. “What are you dressed up for?”
“Sam, I am touched that you would have so much consideration for my feelings, when I have just admitted to my failure to save someone you love.”
“I’ll be fine.” Dean sighs, but it’s not what Cas needs to hear, because Cas just walks out of the cabin. “Fuck.”
This time, the highlight reel starts in Stanford. Jess has a friend, a weird and kind of standoffish girl, a little protective-- not the kind of weird and standoffish and protective where Sam thinks she has a thing for Jess herself, but the kind where the two of them just have to agree to coexist and try and want the best for each other, until Dean shows up-- Sam has a whole list of crimes against humanity and against him in particular that Chuck has to answer to, but making him watch Dean hook up with Jess’ friend is the one he would really love to kill God over. She’s not exactly what he’d call hot, not the kind of girl he would have expected Dean to go for, especially back then, but she’s clearly into him, and it’s way more than Sam needs to see, before it mercifully cuts to the next scene.
“He slimed me.” Dean says, scratching idly at a spot just below his sternum and then stretching again.
Cas’ smile softens, his gaze drops to Dean’s lips, and Dean feels his heart rate kick up a notch. This is going to happen, it’s really going to happen. Cas is so close, is looking at his mouth and holding his hand, and he’d be lying if he said he wasn’t a little bit terrified, sure, but it’s not like they haven’t been dancing around this since maybe that very first night in the barn.
He doesn’t know what, because something like this, it’s not a small thing and it had to have a cost, and they’re going to have to fix it, but dammit, he doesn’t want fixing it to mean giving Dean up again… But whatever it is is gonna be hard on the boy, so he might as well let him have a little peace while he can get it. Not because he won’t talk to him about things, just… because they don’t always have to.
“Great. What do they mean?” Sam blows out a sigh. Dean reacted to his mention of the apocalypse like it’s a fact of life, so he can figure out one thing about what a third strike means. He spends the rest of this twenty-four hours living in a world they failed to save.
“Hey, Sammy.” Dean chuckles softly, head lolling. Cas shushes him, a moment of gentleness that almost reminds Sam of their own Cas, except for how quickly it vanishes, leaving him cold and hard and angelically imposing even as he heals over the nick on his own throat and tucks Dean into bed.
“I don’t think so. Kind of hope not, given how it turned out, but I don’t know if you’ve ever done the, uh, love thing. We don’t really talk about that kind of thing.”
“Confidence. I like it.” Chuck laughs, and the screens all come together to form one single picture. He’s watching Dean claw his way to the surface, where they buried him… watching him suck in lungfuls of air and rise up on shaky legs. “And I do have something, I have something I think we could work with. Little version of reality I scrapped a long while back, but… yeah. Yeah, we could have fun with this one. Let’s just…”
He cocks his head to the side and gives Dean that look, that ‘why you funny little creature’ look that’s just fond enough not to be insulting on principle, and just insulting-on-principle enough to be kind of hot in a way Dean was not always ready to deal with. He’s not sure there’s any way to discreetly adjust himself, but at this point if Cas looks down, his cover’s blown no matter what he does.
Still, Dean lets Sam pull him to his feet and walk him to his room, doesn’t complain when Sam puts a glass of water and an aspirin on his nightstand. Gives him a look when he lingers in the doorway a moment too long looking worried, but doesn’t snap at him, really.
He lets the conversation drop, and doesn’t say anything when he catches Dean’s head bobbing along a little to his choice in radio stations. There’s a pretty solid middle ground of stuff they can both listen to without wanting to murder each other, if they’re honest, and maybe in this world they are. Maybe instead of fighting over it they just admit when something’s a bop even if it’s not in their preferred genre.
Dean looks over his shoulder, highlighter hanging out of his mouth where he’d been chewing the cap, and after a moment of just staring at Cas like there’s no fucking rush, he finally stands up. Stretches lazily before he even takes the highlighter out of his mouth, let alone answers.
Cas eats one-handed, the meat fork-tender, until Jack fusses a little, and after some bouncing and cooing, he mushes up a little gravy-soaked carrot and then offers that.
When they leave the kitchen and find Cas, it’s to see him pacing back and forth beside the play pen, Jack up on his shoulder, gripping a stuffed lamb attached to a baby blanket by its plush hoof and giving it the occasional shake.
He’s thirsty as-- well, he’s thirsty as a guy who just crawled out of Hell, apparently, so there’s that, too, and every part of him is aching, but it’s an ache that’s got nothing on even his best days down there, so…
“What? No-- no, it’s not-- It’s not your fault I wasn’t faster in that fight, it’s definitely not your fault I got hit. The only thing that’s your ‘fault’ is that I’m still breathing, I fucked up and I’m lucky I’m not dead--”
Dean asks, before Sam’s time is up, before he’s yanked back out. Actually asks Cas to stay, without tiptoeing around it and trying to make it about what Cas wants or doesn’t want. He’s feeling pretty good about this, when he winds up back in Chuck’s office, he’s getting used to the idea of Dean and Cas
Sam doesn’t even have to turn around to know Cas is there. There’s no universe kind enough for him not to be.
Which he doesn’t want to think about in this universe any more than he wants to think about Dean’s conquests in his own. And that’s if she even goes for guys in this universe, maybe she’s still into girls.
Dean’s eyes go wide, his eyebrows shooting up, his jaw slack. “You were… wondering that? You’ve thought about Cas moving in?”
In Dean’s fantasies, that question has gone a million different ways. Or, it’s gone a couple of ways a million times. In his fantasies, when Cas asks what he can do for him, Dean is cool and he’s suave and he says there is something, he steps into Cas’ space, maybe crowds him against a wall, and he kisses him, and it’s slow and it’s deep, and he’s in control.
This one had seemed so easy at first, they had Cas in their motel room, nowhere to go but with them. Sam punches a wall too thin and cheap to take it and Dean emerges from the bathroom only to slam the door a second time. The weather, sympathetic to their struggles, implodes on them, a storm raging by midday, and Sam and Dean have another knock-down drag-out fight or three over the course of the afternoon.
When he opens the door, Cas is still on the phone, smiling faintly, and he holds up a hand. “Dean? Sam has just opened the door, I’m going to hang the phone up. Please elaborate once I join you… No, about the curse-- Yes, of course… Yes, I’ll be there directly. Hello, Sam. Dean’s suffered no ill effects yet, I take it?”
, I know my brother. He’s a pain in the ass. If you didn’t like him anyway, you wouldn’t sit up by his bedside.”
“What happened?” Sam steps in again, his hand going to his brother’s shoulder. “When you two were facing Billie… what happened?”
Dean shrugs, something he manages to do with his whole face as well as his shoulders, and he returns his full attention to his food.
He’s standing outside the remains of a gas station that’s being slowly reclaimed by nature. The Impala’s parked over by the pumps, but if there’s any gas there, it’s no good to anyone, and Dean’s not checking.
Cas’ hand comes up after his, replaces it at the back of his head, and everything’s warm a moment and that sting melts right away, leaving Cas’ hand cupped around the base of his skull.
Cas considers the beer, and Dean can tell he’s also considering pointing out that it will do nothing for him-- it takes a ridiculous amount of booze to rock him, he can’t taste anything, yadda yadda yadda-- but instead he drains it in one long pull.
Most of the day is normal. Research and a hunt, and there’s not a whole lot Sam can do beyond trying to be supportive.
“What?” Sam pushes himself up, rubbing at his eyes. Right, first meeting, he probably should have freaked out.
“What kind of maniac sleeps in a bed that’s not even against a single wall?” Dean grumbles, as Cas deposits him on said bed.
“I’m in some trouble. Things are very bad for me now. I wouldn’t call on you if I had any other options, but--”
Breaking the curse is the easy part. Processing the notion that Dean pretended to have his legs go out from under him so that Cas would catch him is… weird.
“He never had a childhood.” He nods. “He wishes to preserve yours. He is unreasonably committed to allowing you some innocence in a hard world, but he does you no favors now. I understand, though.”
Cas follows him through the bunker, until they reach the shooting range, watches as Dean picks out a gun, as he loads it on autopilot.
Cas rushes for the stairs before he even has his land legs back, he takes them two at a time. Dean’s name is leaving his lips before he thinks to call to him.
His time in the Pit is fuzzy, but not fuzzy enough. It’s fuzzy because he’s reeling, not because he’s going to just forget a moment of it. He can tell he’s not that lucky.
“Oh-- no, I mean, he doesn’t want to ask you for help because he’s being an idiot and I don’t know why, not-- It’s not literal.”
Okay, so… Cas definitely brought them to somebody’s house, like somebody’s actual empty vacation home, which is not ideal, but given how bad the roads were getting… Sam breaks in, Cas standing beside him on the little cabin’s porch, holding Dean in his arms.
Sam leans over to look. It’s an angelarium-- Dean’s turned to Michael’s page to write ‘dick’ in the margins, which is surely not what he’s supposed to be updating the book with.
He’d settled on a compression undershirt, which apparently is for some kind of normal person sport that doesn’t involve fighting for your life, like running or cycling or something, and then a mostly tight-fitting tee shirt, and then a baggy button-up, and then a jacket big enough to hide how everything else fit on him, and then he’d accepted sweat as a part of his life because like hell was he going to find out the wrong way that he’d removed one too many layers in front of somebody.
“Sorry. For a moment there, I was… I’m sorry. Everything was… nice. And then I--” He turns away, swallowing.
“Mm, the way I remember it, the highlight reel was a bonus that I offered, not part of the terms of our deal. You’ll know what you need to know when you get there.”
“Yes. Do you remember there was a boy, Jesse? I would have simply ended his life before he could cause further harm, but neither you nor your brother would allow it. Dean was so kind… he had so much empathy for that child, you both did. I thought, when I spoke to him about Jack, that… I thought I would see that same love and empathy, but he was so angry. And so afraid. He felt so differently, when Lucifer was involved.”
Dean continued to work at the brothel as a bartender, deciding he'd go talk to Charlie once he was settled and the condo was ready for rental. He told Cas he'd know when he was ready. Cas worked the same hours as Dean so they could carpool, and they were home to eat dinner together every night. It was all so easy and domestic and they both were so deliriously happy that Jo often made a show of spritzing air freshening blockers in their general direction while griping for them to "Get a room!" Neither of them missed her sappy little smiles when she thought they weren't looking.
Cas laughed and pushed Dean away by his shoulders, leaning in for a quick sniff, then stepping away. “I’m going home before I do something I’ll regret. I’ll see you at work tomorrow?”
That said, bear with me as I get the last few chapters written, because I have no idea what kind of schedule I'll be able to keep. <3
“Dean,” Cas growls, nibbling at the sensitive flesh of Dean’s throat. “Dean, tell me to stop.” Dean simply tips his head back further and hooks one leg around Cas’ hip, bringing their groins together.
Cas stiffened, the glow blinding enough for Dean to keep his eyes shut tight, and somewhere in the room, Dean could hear cracking. It sounded like bones, but Dean had a feeling it was more likely to be the walls around them. Cas could honestly kill him by bringing this building down on top of them.
Castiel sighed softly into Dean's hair as he came down from his orgasm, his hips still thrusting lazy against Dean's ass. One last, soft kiss between Dean's shoulder blades, then Castiel pulled out, rolled off the bed, and smacked Dean's ass as Dean sunk down into the mattress, boneless. "Come on, Dean, get your ass in the shower. We have to go set up," Castiel said, chuckling at how spent his boyfriend was. He laughed again as Dean mustered the energy to flip him the bird over his shoulder, then went to start the water in the shower.
Dean growled and dove in for a kiss, nipping at Cas’ bottom lip, taking advantage of Cas’ startled gasp to dip his tongue inside for a taste. The kiss heated fast as Cas threw himself into it, matching Dean in his intensity by sucking on the tip of his tongue and moaning into the kiss as his hands squeezed handfuls of Dean’s ass.
“I deserved that. I’m so sorry, Cas,” Dean said with a sniffle. “I fucked up when we were kids, and now this? I don’t think either of us wanted this, not the way it happened, anyway.”
“So, you’re demi?” Dean asks, surprising Cas with his knowledge of anything on the asexual spectrum. “Don’t look so shocked. I’ve googled over the years because I couldn’t imagine how someone like you wasn’t getting laid.”
“Thanks, Cas. I think I feel better,” Dean says as he draws away and Cas wants to pull him back, drag him into his lap and ravish him.
“I can go all night,” Cas all but growls, his hips snapping and nailing Dean’s prostate with a well aimed thrust that leaves Dean a whimpering, leaking mess.
Dean opened his mouth to protest, then shut it quickly. Cas was back to looking out the window, feigning disinterest, and Dean realized this was a punishment. He knew Cas was going to take him apart relentlessly when they finally turned in for the night.
Cas’ head fell back as he gasped in pleasure and Dean dipped his head to plant soft kisses along the column of Cas’ throat as he continued to jack him slowly with a tight fist. He swiped his thumb over the head of Cas’s cock before pressing it to the frenulum and massaging the spot until Cas was shaking and clutching at his shoulders.
