"May I help you?"
"It was... It was, my big sexy idiot."
"Yeah, where are we going?"
"Come here Sherlock!" John breathed heavily. Sherlock knelt down to him, nuzzled into his neck immediately.
"What would you like me to make him say next?" He opened the parka he worn to show the detective the bombs under it.
"I'm a fake." Sherlock lips trembled. He never wanted John thinking him this way. He wanted John would be proud of him. Tears rolled from his eyes. His alpha cried too.
"A few hours after his last victim, and now he receives a text that can only be from her. If somebody just found that phone they'd ignore a text like that, but the murderer would panic." Sherlock jumped up and took his coat.
"Oh, that! The missile plan!" He kissed it and with one move, he tossed it to the pool. "Boring! If I want it, I will have it." John took the opportunity and jumped on the criminal.
John punched him so hard, his nose started to bleed.
"What the hell did he took? Why didn't you called an ambulance?" John cried.
"Someone was after me. I could not expose you to danger."
"You don't have to look after me. It's not your job. You don't own me."
"Excuse me?"
"Oh, God, yes."
"Oh, don't worry about me."
"But you have a pretty girlfriend now, so you don't need me anymore."
A taxi arrived outside and it caught Sherlock's attention. Nobody getting in, and nobody getting out. Why a taxi? Oh, that's clever! Sherlock jumped up and ran out of the restaurant, John ran out after him.
John wanted to know how Sherlock feels about her returning, or is he planning to see her again, but the detective doesn't answered. He determinedly tried to crack her phone's code.
"And my gender?"
"So I think you will move back to Baker Street." John offered his neck beyond self-awareness, Sherlock purred.
When he finally came home, Sherlock's eyes were rabbit red, his chest heaved, he trembled.
The American ambassador's children were kidnapped. He wanted Sherlock on the case. The game began. Only it was Moriarty's game. When they finally found the children, one of them screamed like hell when she saw Sherlock. Like she knew him as her kidnapper. Soon also the Yard started to think Sherlock got something to do with it.
"I'm thinking on it for a while. I have feelings for you, you know. Of course you know, and I know it's one-sided. I understand. As you told me once I'm old, broken... Why would you wanted me? But I won't stay pine for you. I will respect myself. I move on."
"Who's talking? Why are you crying?"
"That thing that you offered to do... that was good." He tried to save us again. How brave, so precious... "Oh, shut up! I try to concentrate!"
John's hand clenched into fist.
John looked up Sherlock with disbelieve in his eyes.
"That's what people do!!!"
Sherlock's pulse accelerated as his partner began to caress his cock.
Irene felt herself in danger without her phone, it was her life. The datas in the phone should be very important. Sherlock can't solve the phone's code, he had to gave it to Ms. Adler to enter in. Irene had a costumer worked for the Military who got an e-mail once, an important one, and she took a picture from it, but she can't found out what is it about. She toughed it was some kind of code. Sherlock took a look for it.
"Afghanistan, sorry, how did you know?"
Seeing the offended expression on Sherlock's face, John's eyes softened.
"Sherlock, please!" They shook hands. The man has manners in spite of that.
"Afghanistan or Iraq?"
The picture was made at 221B Baker Street's basement. They found a pair of shoes there, when the phone ringed again.
"Do you love him more?" The alpha asked suddenly.
They chased the taxi through half of the city and when caught it, found out, they run after the wrong taxi all the time.
"He thinks I'm nervous." Thought John, then he realized he is.
"I've still got questions."
Sherlock grabbed Moriarty's coat at his collar, and pushed him towards the edge of the roof.
"Shall we go?"
"You bastard!" He jelled.
"Why?" Sherlock stared at John. "I can't going to be rut without you have a heat. I won't risk hurting you."
"I told you, I told you... You cant make this decision without me!"
"But how did you..."
John's nostrils flared.
"Who'd sponsor a serial killer?"
"Nothing is wrong with you." Mummy told him.
Someone turned on the fire alarm. Mrs. Adler looked at the big framed mirror above the mantel.
John didn't had time to reply, when Mycroft sent him another message.
The bedroom's door opened unexpectedly and a familiar figure came in. John sighed with relief, he almost forgot his anger.
"You can't control me!"
"Proving a point."
"I didn't rejected him. We are not a couple, he don't wants me. Call an ambulance. Now!" John was desperate.
"Very easy. Is it new for you?" John shook his head again. "Oh! You are disappointed in me."
"I investigated after her a little, and a doubt she is the right choose for John."
"Merry Christmas, John."
"Oh!" The detective got a brainwave. "She never lost her phone, she planted in on him. When she got out of the car, she know that she was going to her death. She left the phone in order to lead us to her killer."
Sherlock smiled.
"I don't eat, when I'm working."
"You could have taken me with you."
"From the Study in Pink" amazed the ID.
As it turned out, Sherlock followed John to the meeting, but didn't showed himself before The Woman.
"John" Sherlock breathed rapidly. His stomach narrowed.
John panted, his eyes were closed. Sherlock leaned above him. John counted on the kiss, he wondered what would he taste like on his alpha's tongue.  But John felt copper mixed with salt. What the... He looked up, then he saw the blood on Sherlock's lips.
Sherlock tried to talk with Lestrade the next step, when John informed him, according to the GPS of the smartphone the phone itself located at 221B Baker Street.
"It's not true."
"Why?"
"Then let your alpha guide you, for God's sake!" Sherlock seemed considering it, finally he stood up. He went to John, and cuddled him.
"People have died."
"You did an excellent job, Dr. Watson. Like Sherlock never lived here." It was a cutting remark from Mycroft.
"Did you figure it out? Which one's the good bottle?"
"The guys will keep looking, or you could help us properly and I'll stand them down. Sherlock, this is our case. I'm letting you in, but you do not go off on your own" argued Lestrade.
"He left."
"Yes, you are" She was typing on her phone. "There. I'm not dead. Let's have dinner." She sent it to Sherlock.
"Don't fight with it!" John told him.
Sherlock dropped the phone. He took a final look at John, and fell.
"Oh! So you left me for my own sake! How surprising!"
"Does that make me special?" She knows, she was special for him some way, it was written to her face, it was in her cheeky smile. "Are you jealous?" Another question to which she  knew the answer.
"Ok." Poor girl. She was embarrassed.
"You may as well eat. We might have a long wait."
John snapped again.
"So that's it?" Asked John as soon as Sherlock closed the door. "You just give up after two trial, because I didn't fall in your arms immediately?
"So you missed our not average life then? That's why you attracted to Mary Morstan. I suppose she brought some excitement to your days."
John hesitated for few seconds, but he accepted the cloth.
"Are you listening, Sherlock?  I have just drawn your attention to an important issue." Mycroft tried to persuade his brother to a case.
"What did you say?"
"Hands on the nape of your neck! Kneel on the ground and don't move!" The man has an American accent. There should be more on that phone as a few picture. "Open the safe now!" He told to Sherlock.
"Where?" Sherlock asked him.
"And you also can't keep them because of your new lover."
"Tell them what?"
It was only a big show. Moriarty found not guilty by the jury. So Sherlock made tea.
"Means when the police are out of their depth, which is always, they consult me."
"I don't care."
"Was it your idea?" Mycroft lifted his eyebrows up. "MI6"
"I need you." He felt the alpha cock slid between his buttocks.
"You and Sherlock are the same. You are one."
"I'd told you, but you know what? I already did. Think!" In that moment few armed man pushed John through the door.
"The mating, you git!"
"Maybe I'm dead, and this is Heaven." He thought as he slowly fell asleep.
"Got my eyes on a nice little place in central London. We ought to be able to afford it. We'll meet there tomorrow evening, seven o'clock. Sorry, I got to dash. I think I left my riding crop in the mortuary."
He stood up abruptly.
"Calm down! He is fine."
"You think I'm a vicar with a bleeding face?"
"Maybe you're hungry" she didn't meant for food.
"Sleep, John."
"I'd say private detective. But the police don't go to private detectives."
"Definitely. I know a real gun when I see one."
"You like weird cases. The explosion..." started Lestrade.
"I just wondered, you might want to do other things..."
"I already told you. I love Sherlock Holmes, the bloody genius and also the alpha part of him."
"Leave John out of this!" Sherlock barked.
"Don't lie! You are Moriarty! We met when you put a bomb on me!"
The only opinion what mattered to Sherlock was John's.
"Are you sure?" If you don't trust me, I can't fight.
"It's a nice quite spot for a murder." Explained the cabbie. They went in. "Shall we talk?" He take a seat, and Sherlock sat down in front of him.
"I'm serious! I want to be with you this time. I want to remember... the smell of you, your touches and kisses, your face when I am inside you. I want to feel everything."
"Found your website. The Science of Deduction."
"Excellent! You have your disguise."
"No."
"I need to speak with him!"
"We are not a couple." Well, this was the truth, doesn't matter how much it bothered John.
"Yes, but it is quiet for few days." SH
"Why?"
"O-ho!" Moriarty laughed. "Good! Very good."
"You'd be surprised."
"John..."
"Come back, Sherlock! Come back to me." He sobbed. His tears run down his cheeks to fall Sherlock's face.
"No!" Sherlock firmly refused his help. He got him into enough trouble already. "Go home John!" He used his alpha voice, it was a command.
John heard the door opening, and a young woman with brown pigtail came in.
"I want all of you, Sherlock. But it's impossible, because you make it difficult! My intention is clear. What is yours?"
"I got you a present! It was al because of this." A door opened and Sherlock's greatest shock, John walked in.
"Keep in mind, you are mine! You belongs to me, and not to the alpha!"
"I can't take all the credit. Jim Moriarty says hi! He helped me a lot... to deal with the Holmes brothers. He calls you the Iceman, and your little brother the Virgin."
"Then go, I'll be home soon."
"I like company when I go out, and I think better when I talk aloud." And my alpha is calmer, when you are around.
"What are you doing here?" Sherlock annoyed.
John wanted to hit him, but he was too exhausted and relaxed from their lovemaking. Sherlock kissed him once more. It was soft, gentle, sensual.
John felt a little discomfort, but Sherlock's talented tongue distracted his attention from it. Sherlock sucked him more intense, when he felt John's channel started to constrict around his finger.
"I'll go to Mycroft. If you'll need me, you'll found me there."
"I upset her? Me? It wasn't me that upset her, Mycroft."
"Losing it, in fact." They argued. It turned out, Mycroft Holmes occupied a minor position in the British Government.
"And you know which is which."
"So, I'm basically filling in for your skull?"
"John, you come."
"Who are you?"
"I want you to pleasure me."
Sherlock was ignorant. Mycroft left, he hoped John would persuade him to work it.
"We took him in his bedroom."
John giggled again, and Sherlock growled a little, because he found it offensive, but then his lover gripped his penis gently.
God, his head hurts. His alpha wanted took control again to go back to John. John is safe, he reminds himself. John is safe and fine, sleeping in his bed.
"You know, what I mean. That idiot ruined everything! You left! It wouldn't happened if I were with you!" The alpha was angry.
John sighed. He will call Mycroft later. Sherlock turned back the duvet. John pressed himself close to Sherlock, he knew it calms him down. The alpha immediately wrapped his arms around his form. John started to stroke his back.
"There's a name, that no one says. And I'm not going to say you it either. Now, enough chatter. Time to choose."
Lestrade came to arrest him. John was apparently nervous. He punched the chief inspector on the face so hard, his nose started to bleed. Sherlock was proud. They ran hand by hand as fugitives from the police. The newspapers were full of with false accusations: Sherlock : The socking truth, Close friend Richard Brook tells all. Exclusive from Kitty Riley. Who the hell is Richard Brook? Only one person knew the answer: Kitty Riley.
His omega was really serious, Sherlock frowned.
"Starving."
"People dying, Sherlock! Do you care at all?"
"Sherlock. I've got you something." The detective played on his violin, looked out the window. John put his Christmas present to the table. "I know you use mine, but that's old, and I think you can make good use of this one." Sherlock still showed his back at him, so John went to the kitchen to put the kettle on. Soon the violin play fell silent. John wondered Sherlock want to see his present at all. It was ordinary, just like him. Irene would gave him something special... His flatmate walked in and stopped next to him.
"I'm not." Meanwhile Sherlock touched her wrist. "Why would I had dinner with you, when I'm not hungry?"
"Stop it!"
"What if a just shot you now? Right now?"
"What symptoms?"
"Brilliant!" John was amazed.
"We don't know a thing about each other. I don't even know your name."
"No. We will going to the Tesco."
"Bloody Mycroft!"
"What do you think, who is the woman in the phone?" Asked John.
"No, it's fine."
"Please, John. Just few more days. For Sherlock."
"Ugh!" John raised up his hip.
"That's not the problem here! What if you will regret it when you will yourself again?"
"You know that woman could be die?"
"Then not the Holmes brothers blackmailed you?"
"Indeed. I have questions" said Sherlock.
There was a little present box. Sherlock retreated to his room. The box contained her mobile. Sherlock called his brother immediately.
"Simple. You don't have a smell. It's not natural, you needed to cover it with drugs. Why would an alpha or a beta covet their scent? You were right. The police don't consult amateurs." He proven. He proven John, he is a clever alpha.
"Always. What would I do without my blogger?"
"You want me to going with you?"
"I am afraid, your presence would only confuse him in his job, so I ask you to leave."
Sherlock finally stopped torturing John with his fingers. While one of his hand grabbed his omega's waist, with his other hand he pushed John's upper body down to the mattress by his neck. It wasn't violence, it was dominance and John knew the alpha needs it so he let him.
Dear John,
"Actually I can."
"No. You come. To bed."
"I don't manipulate you!" Sherlock yelled. "I did it for you, only you. Because how I feel about you. I already told you why I hesitated to respond your feelings. I was also attached to you, and it scared me. But when I wasn't with you…" He slowly approached towards John and stopped right in front of him. John felt the detective's hot breath on his face. "Do you really think it was easy to me? I did what you expected from me: acted like a hero. I sacrificed my freedom, my comfortable life in London, everything what was important to me for you!" Sherlock looked deep into the doctor's eyes. "My intensions are clear..."
Few minutes later they sat in a cab on they way to Brixton.
"It wasn't working for me." Molly answered shyly as watched him with big, bright eyes.
The detective's phone rang. It was Lestrade. Sherlock finally seemed exhilarated.
"Sherlock, I need anything you got." told the inspector.
Sherlock cowered John's mouth with his as he felt he would explode soon. He trusted few more with his hips, came into his pants. He knew from his rapid breaths, that John came too.
"You didn't respond to my offer." John told as he pulled himself closer to Sherlock.
"Finally!" His voice was so deep, gooseflesh crawled over John's skin. "My omega! Mine!" Sherlock rasped, then took John in his arms, hugged him tightly.
"I'm moving out Sherlock."
"Who is this?"
Mike was a beta and smelled like doughnuts, looked like a doughnut. This man however...
"You should drink again." John got of from the bed, he reached out for the water bottle. When he turned back, Sherlock eyes were open. John choked the water he sucked out from the bottle. "Thank God!" He reached out for touch his face, but Sherlock started to growl and grabbed his wrist. He yanked John on the bed and lay on him.
"Mike, can I borrow your phone? There is no signal on mine." Sherlock asked unexpectedly.
"What's wrong with me?"
"I'm much more fantastic, enigmatic..."
"Why do you love me?"
"I couldn't stay away from you." Sherlock confessed, his eyes were full with regret and belonging. "So I came back. I still have the keys. I slept on the couch." Instead of waiting for John's reaction, Sherlock offered his coat to the doctor. "The smell of it helps you to relax."
Sherlock buried his face in his partner's neck.
"Of course I want you, idiot! Stop this stupid display and fuck me already!"
"Nobody can be that smart."
It was true. Mostly. But sometimes he felt irresistible desire to crave inside John, to being bond to him inseparably. However he knew John is extremely loyal to him, he got himself he wants to close John in their bedroom so that only he could see, touch and speak with him.
"How was your day?" Inquired Sherlock.
"You...Trying to speak dirty. It's hilarious!"
"Of course, it was extraordinary."
"Richard Brook.  As Reichenbach in German."
"I didn't knew, I saw. Your haircut, the way you hold yourself says military. You trained at Bart's, so army doctor, obvious. Your face is tanned, but no tan abroad the wrists. You've been abroad, but no sunbathing. Your limp is really bad when you walk, but you don't ask for a chair when you stand like you forgotten about it, so it's at least partly psychosomatic. That says the original circumstances of the injury were traumatic, wounded in action then. Wounded in action, suntan-Afghanistan or Iraq."
"This is what you did to the rest of them, you gave them a choice?"
"Do you think so?"
"You said that the victims all took the poison themselves, that he makes them take it. Maybe he talks to them. Maybe he used the death of her daughter somehow" guessed John.
"Crime scene. Next?"
"If you go this way, your alpha once might never let you back to the wheel."
"Don't try to blackmail me with feelings!" John stood up. "I think you told me everything you wanted. It's time you to go away, or I will."
"I have a proof! Show him Kitty!"
"Don't you want to move outside? Solving cases?"
"Ow!" He felt dizzy. The alpha moved him in sitting position while hugged him close.
"They can keep an eye out. It was a long shot anyway." Sherlock waved.
"Get happy with together." John was upset again.
Christmas time came, and a little party was arranged at 221B Baker Street. John wanted it, of course. They invited Mrs. Hudson, Lestrade and Molly. John broke up with Sarah, so no girlfriend. Sherlock was satisfied, he even played Marry Christmas at his violin, but he just couldn't stopped himself to offending Lestrade with his analyse about the inspector's cheating wife, and Molly about her love interest, until he found out it's him. Then-John biggest wonder-he apologized. His phone gave an obscene voice. It was The Women set up. She sent a text.
"What do you think?" Sherlock straightened himself, but frowned, when John pursed his lips.
"I had to find the case."
"I know my own mind!"
"Cases?" Sherlock raised his head. "I don't care about cases."
"Delete it. The project long gone, doesn't matter."
"Dr. Watson, I know you are a good man..." Moriarty started his speech, but John interrupted him.
"Should I?" From picture a very pretty woman smiled at him.
He obeyed. He was scared. Sherlock was inexperienced. Of course, the alpha side helped a lot for his owner with instincts, but a virgin, exited alpha wasn't supposed to be a gentle lover.
John slept.
The taller man growled. The omega don't want him? Is he a bad alpha? What he did wrong?
"He did what?" John had to sit down. He didn't understand.
"If I care it helps them?"
"The murderer... You think the murderer has her phone?"
He took Sherlock's hand and led him into the bedroom. Sherlock looked dazed, like he caught a heavy flu. He let John to help get rid of his clothes.
"Victim is in her late 30's. Professional person, going by her clothes. I'm guessing the media, going by the frankly alarming shade of pink. Travelled from Cardiff today intending to stay in London one night from the size of her suitcase. She's been married at least ten years, but not happily. She had lovers, but non of them knew she was married. The rest of her jewellery has been regularly cleaned, but not her wedding ring. The inside is shinier than the outside. The only polishing it gets when she works it off her finger. She doesn't work with her hands, look at her nails, so why does she remove her ring for? Not one lover, she'd never sustain the fiction of being single for that long time, so more likely a string of them. Simple."
"Sorry, I'll shut up."
"Don't even smoke."
The funeral was spent in a blur to John. He still saw Sherlock's dead body before his eyes. Sherlock in blood. All of his beautiful face, and his soft black curls were covered in red. He touched his hand to check the pulse, but other people carried away him from Sherlock. Was his hand always that cold? He didn't remember.
"Don't be ridiculous Greg."
"I don't talking about the man from the Military, I talking about you" Shouted Mycroft. " She is a criminal. She spied for Moriarty, and stabbed  you on your back at the first opportunity what given. Why is she so special? Because she is smart? Smart enough to trick you? This is what excites you up? I choose John for you..."
"Come and play. Tower  Hill. Jim Moriarty X."
"Okay-okay! I believe you. This is a problem."
"Time to play."
Sherlock was shaved and his hair was cut. He worn cleaned clothes. He started to feel himself human again. He lost weights and had wounds on his body, but he didn't mind. He will see John soon. He was exited. He demand a picture of John, and although it was black and white, Sherlock stared it fascinated. Mycroft cleared his throat.
"Of course it's not the same phone, just looks like... Study in Pink? You read his blog!"
"You are weird."
"Moriarty!" Gasped the man.
It was the truth. He didn't lied. John was better than before.
"What an asshole." Thought John. Molly clearly interested about him. Is he blind?
"You misunderstand me. How can I watch your back, when I..."
"I understand. I only asking you to stay for a few days more, maybe for a week."
"The Dominatrix forced a whole country on it's knees. Well played. "
"Oh, I get it! You are married to your work." John told in frustration. "You want me to be yours, but you don't want to give anything in return.
"It was a simple burglary. All I needed was few pander. I knew you will fall for it."
"Mantelpiece"
"I think you know the answer exactly." Mycroft interjected. "He would rather die, than watch you with another person."
"Oh, don't worry, there is all sorts round here. Mrs. Turner next doors got married ones."
"You choose a appropriate place to the final act."
"What's wrong then?"
"Oh. Nothing exciting. The same  squirrel wheel day by day. My mate is pregnant by the way." John's heart heavily dropped.
Sherlock unpacked the box excitedly what Mycroft sent him. He demanded one of John's cloth. A cloth it smelled like him.
"Something cold will do. John, have a cup of tea, make yourself at home. Don't wait up."
He hold John close and turned them so they lay on their sides. Sherlock put John's legs around his hips and hugged him tight, petting his hair. He waited until John started to rub his groin against his.
"Your offer is accepted. You are mine!"
"Sleep, Sherlock."
"How can it be here?" It wasn't in the case, he was sure. It wasn't fell out. Then how?
Sherlock was adamant. In return he ate and drank everything, the doctor put in front of him. He took every opportunity to hug John close, to pet and kiss him. It was annoying. Was it? The alpha was especially romantic, so different from Sherlock's logical side.
"Would you like to drink a beer with me after this?"
Mycroft threatened, bargained, but didn't went anywhere with her.
"Got yourself a fan."
Sherlock was over the moon when they finally moved back to Baker Street. The flat seemed empty, till his stuffs came out from the boxes which were stored in John's old room. Sherlock knew, if he want everything to be the same as it used to be, he cannot show his disapproval about John unpacked his belongings, after all he kept them and it had to be enough. Sherlock had continue to work at Scotland Yard and enjoyed the attention John gave him at home: sleeping next to him at night, making him breakfast at morning. But his thought was diverted more and more often to John's neck, and the feeling of marking John as his started to overmaster him. The doctor asked for patience, his smell sometimes got stronger, like indicated the approach of heat, but it disappeared just as fast and at this times John became lethargic. Sherlock tried to forget him with his talented fingers and clever tongue.
"I have every right." Mycroft told him calmly. "I made a vow to my brother to take care of you."
The corner of the detective's lips curled up. He let John to wash his hair with pure satisfaction. When Dr Watson wrapped him in a towel, Sherlock catched his hand and looked into his eyes seriously.
"It had to be pink. Obviously."
"So he is your source! Moriarty is Richard Brook!" Told John.
"How do you feel about the violin?" John frowned as watched the woman leave.
"How are you?"
"Anything interesting?"
"Your leg."
Mycroft put his teacup down.
"Of course, yes. Enough for a lifetime, far too much."
"Why would I do that?"
"Can I stay for tonight?" Sherlock asked hopefully.
"We going to the Yard!"
"Well you could just sit here and watch telly..."
"Come on, come up!" Sherlock urged him without saying it aloud.
"Ugh! Sherlock..." His voice was so small, so desperate. The alpha kissed his nape reassuringly. "Please, I want to..."
"Nobody can pretend all the time he is an annoying dick."
"You are still here." So John storms away angrily shut the door behind him.
"Shhh!" A cold nose touched his face, it smelled his hairline.  A tongue licked blood from his temple. A cheek rubbed to his.
'Go after him! I want to be sure, he is okay.'
"No. Just looked like one. Everything destroyed in the place except a strong box, a very strong box, inside with this. It's not a leaf bomb."
"Got anything?" asked Lestrade.
Sherlock stood up.
"Your alpha healed me!"
She smiled sweetly and said:
Mycroft sighed.
"What do you think?"
"You can move." The alpha dick stretched him uncomfortably from inside, but he didn't want Sherlock has to wait.
"The case what made you famous. And what did you found out about the computer code?"
"Is that what?"
"Since you..." John went rigid, and Sherlock knew the unspoken answer immediately. When he "died", John moved to his room. He saw John sleep in his bed, and John thought that bedroom as his own. Fantastic! Sherlock was glad. But he couldn't allow John to remember his "death" to be angry or sad again. So he tried to divert his attention.
"Well, this could be very nice." John looked around. "Soon as we get all this rubbish cleaned out."
"He want's to have fun. It looks like I'm not the only one who gets bored."
"We can't just wait." said Lestrade.
"It's you, John!"
"Or serial killing."
"Sorry to interrupt Dr. Watson. I do wish to exchange a few words with you."
Sherlock yanked John with him into the pool. The fire heated up the air. Debris and ashes felled from it.
Sherlock nodded.
"Shhh. I take care of you." Told Sherlock as now two of his fingers slid in and out from John's hole.
"Of course. When and where?"-John Watson.
John couldn't speak for a minute.
"Isn't is? No one ever gets to me, and no one ever will."
"There is no usual in this case."
When they arrived at Angelo's, they sat on their table. Angelo was over the moon he can see Sherlock again.
"What do people normally say?"
Without the beard, Sherlock looks
They don’t talk. The slanted light from the window runs across the room whenever a stray car passes, casting Sherlock’s face in harsh shadows.
“Too much bloody homework,” John complains. “I swear, if I am ever going to pass Pardue’s class I’m going to have to sell my soul.”
They don't say anything as they stand there, using each other's weight to stay upright. It doesn't matter that strangers are still walking by. John wants comfort and he isn't going to allow outward appearances dictate whether or not he receives it now.
“In his mind, certainly. If you were to ask him, he’d probably say his
A wave of protectiveness crests over him as he continues, gently moving Sherlock’s head so he can get the best angle, Sherlock easily moving along with him under his touch.
“Sometimes. Usually.”
John rushes at Sherlock, wrapping his arms around Sherlock's torso and hiding his face in the crook of Sherlock's neck and shoulder. A small whine slips past his lips, and he can't stop it as tears fall and he chokes on his own voice.
John’s tongue flicks out to wet his lips. “I haven’t heard of it before so I wouldn’t know.”
“No.” John is breathing harshly. “You are not allowed to walk away from this. Not now. Not after everything that happened.”
His voice is soft, all breath.
John smiles. “Alright then.”
Sherlock stays silent and ignores John’s still outstretched hand as he stands. John moves to assist him but Sherlock avoids his touch and walks down the hall to the bedroom, shutting the door.
“Yes,” Sherlock says as he stands. The couch is new. Leather. It squeaks in protest with every movement.
“Mm. Thank you.” He looks relaxed and sated, hazy around the edges where his satisfaction blurs into sleepiness.
Sherlock stops. The lack of sound deafens his ears, pushing in on him and making him feel trapped.
“That you have to go through this.”
A week after that, John stops sleeping on the couch. Three days later, John washes both the sheets and the duvet.
John sighs, leaving him to get under the covers himself. He grabs his pajamas from his dresser and leaves the room to change into them in the bathroom. As he’s leaving, he peeks back into his room and sees that the man hasn’t moved, but his breathing is deep and even. Feeling slightly reassured, John moves into the living room.
Sherlock mutters John’s name, almost a whimper.
Snapping his gaze back to Sherlock’s face, John asks, “Sorry?”
“Yes.”
John takes Sherlock’s uneaten cereal and dumps it in the sink before going to find the blister-pack of nausea pills.
No answer.
John brings up his free hand up to cup Sherlock’s other cheek, Sherlock’s following to cover his, and rubs his thumbs into Sherlock’s cheekbones. Sherlock presses into John’s hands, seeking the touch. John wants to cry.
“What the hell–” John starts to say, and then he looks up.
In the end, he justifies to himself, it was just a nightmare. Nothing serious. Nothing he can’t leave Sherlock alone over.
The fact that Sherlock came back makes John’s chest warm.
Bracing himself, John taps on the screen and raises the mobile to his ear.
If Sherlock could move, he would’ve stilled at the touch of John’s other hand on his temple. The touch is soft and affectionate, as if afraid of breaking him. Sherlock’s curls are pushed away from his forehead. The gentleness sends goose pimples across Sherlock’s skin.
The bump on his forehead has gotten significantly smaller. The cut on his lip is still deep, but no longer bleeds when he frowns, and the scrapes on his cheeks are all but gone.
John takes him, thrusting slow and deep. Wringing this out as long as he can, he wants to please and pleasure Sherlock- the man who saved him from himself and made his life worth living.
“Are you going to relay your own piece of information every time I answer a question?”
“Finished? I need to go to work, if you can give me your clothes I can be on my way.”
“Marry me.”
The door barely opens enough to snap John’s attention away from his thoughts and to the jumble of fabric being pushed into his arms. The door slams closed before John can register anything other than a flash of pale skin.
“Don’t be absurd, I just gave you incentive to come here and have dinner with me. Is it such a crime to desire a date with ones boyfriend?” Sherlock says, his smile transforming into something smaller and gentler.
“Do you plan to continue your association with Sherlock?”
John shakes his head to dispel the thoughts, focusing on moving Sherlock from the bedroom to the bathroom.
“...Yes.”
The woman looks affronted at such a request. She
“You don’t have any authority over me.” Sherlock’s voice is low and threatening.
Sherlock pulls his knees to his chest as John sits. His feet butt up against John’s thigh.
Sherlock tentatively straddles the line between wakefulness and a dreamless sleep for who knows how long. He cannot tell how much time has passed. But he does not care.
Ignoring Sherlock’s comment completely, John says, “I’m going to make you some breakfast and we’re going to see how much you can keep down, alright? Good,” then turns and walks away before Sherlock can answer.
“Make me,” Sherlock almost whispers; he’s falling back asleep.
John answers. “Hello?”
John's head hangs between his knees, his hands warm but not at all comforting on the back of his neck. The atrocious chair isn't helping the situation.
The sounds stop for a second too long for John’s comfort and he rushes to knock on the door.
Sherlock’s only been gone for a handful of minutes but John already feels an ache forming in his chest.
Sherlock understands his meaning and pulls his upper lip into his mouth, smoothing out the skin for John’s attentions.
“Here, lay down. Let me patch you up and then you need to rest.” John gestures toward the sofa, not caring to try and guide the man across the distance; John senses that he would only deny the help.
Kneeling down at Sherlock’s side, John unceremoniously places his hand on Sherlock’s forehead, feeling his temperature. Sherlock flitches back when John touches the sore bump, but doesn’t pull away.
s bombard the room as Mike makes his way to John’s table.
At first, he thinks it must be Mike, but he barely has time to register that it’s a stranger looming in front of him before wet lips smear against his own.
John thinks about Sherlock’s shaking arms and fingers and his stumbling steps from the bed to the door. Will the heat from the shower make him pass out? He hasn’t eaten, his blood sugar is most assuredly too low, and the concussion won’t make things any better. Will he faint and hit his head again? Making his concussion even worse? John doesn’t think that Sherlock can withstand another head injury, at least without proper medical assistance.
The words stick in John’s throat. “You needed me here more.” He coughs to clear the emotion. “I can always take the test later.”
Sherlock is much too skinny, his face full of shadows. The bones in his wrists felt delicate under John’s hands when he patched him up the night before, his skin papery. His eyes look sad and dark, but sharp, like an icicle.
After a short moment, John feels his mobile vibrate in his pocket. John frowns, pulling out his mobile.
Sherlock immediately turns towards John and John opens his arms. Sherlock easily moves into them and makes himself comfortable, sighing in contentment when he settles.
While he’s waiting for a response, he gets ready for his classes, steadfastly avoiding Sherlock until he’s asleep in John’s bed once more, looking like the paintings
“…I need to get my head out of my arse, in other words.”
A few days later, John finally agrees to meet up with Bill, the incessant comments on his blog becoming too regular to politely ignore.
John giggles, and,
Anthea smiles at John again. “None at all.” She turns back to her phone. “John.”
John hastily sets down his bowl and enters the bedroom.
Sherlock looks at John, almost a glare, and says, “You know why.”
John can’t fathom how Sherlock fits into the situation. The man was only inquiring about
But once in the privacy and comfort of their bedroom, the mood shifts. It’s no longer hungry, fast, and frenzied; but loving, affectionate, and desperate.
John stops outside Lestrade’s office door, not for any other reason than that the voices inside are slightly hushed and secretive, demanding silence and attention.
“I’m sorry, what?”
He moves to stand up, but promptly trips over his own feet.
John stands and moves to the kitchenette. He rummages around for a clean flannel and opens the freezer to grab an ice cube.
“I-I’m sorry, I was distracted–” John stutters as he hands the woman a wad of napkins.
He blindly searches for his phone with one hand, catching it and pulling it up to his face. The screen is too bright and he has to squint to see what it says:
chose
He senses no immediate danger, so he succumbs to his body’s need to rest once more.
“Hold the bin for a moment, I’m going to get you some water.”
“Bullshit.”
All day, John’s thoughts aren’t on the task at hand, but on Sherlock.
It becomes louder until it's only a few feet away from John before the sound abruptly stops.
Anthea smiles at him, like she thinks John is such a silly boy. “No.”
John opens his eyes.
John reaches across Sherlock and grabs the phone in his left hand. Settling his arm down around Sherlock, he pulls himself closer and opens up the text messages.
“I wouldn’t be surprised if he fell asleep on the way there.”
“Oh, um, actually…”
They sit quietly, the only sounds the hum of the car and Anthea’s tapping.
John lets him rest his eyes, the lights no doubt too bright to his sensitive pupils. John finds the antiseptic bottle and upends it onto a cotton ball.
“Mm.”
Eventually, Sherlock takes a shaky breath and John pulls away.
Keeping one hand on Sherlock’s forearm, he pushes the sleeve up further.
“Are we done now?” John says.
“Just come get me,
A tall man in ratty clothing dashes across the empty street, something small clasped in his hand.
But every time, he opens the door to silence.
“May I ask why? And if I may be of any assistance?”
Crowley leans back and resumes his previous position, now glowering at nothing.
John is never going to get any straight answers out of this man, is he. He sighs again, the second time in as many minutes. The man sends John another glare.
Goose pimples shiver down John’s arms. “Who’s this? Who’s speaking?”
John looks at him for a long moment. “Why did you still try to run if you knew I wouldn’t hurt you?”
“Yes.”
“I can’t…” Sherlock trails off. He looks so terribly sad that John’s heart aches.
“You’re not doing yourself any favors, John.”
His eyelashes flutter, his lips a delightful pink, the facial muscles slack in relaxation. His drying curls form a hazy halo around his head.
John risks a glance at Sherlock’s face.
"Is there anyone you'd like us to call for you?" the doctor's voice soft and placating. It's irritating and grating on John's ears. He wants her to shut up and leave him to simmer in anger and regret.
It wasn’t there when Sherlock first started seeing Ella. He doesn’t like the change.
John’s eyes skip over the sizeable bump forming on the stranger’s forehead, refusing to feel guilt at its existence.
“This way please, Mr. Watson,“ John hears her say.
John uses the brightness of his mobile’s screen to see the dark crevices of the alleyway, behind dumpsters and discarded trash. He hopes against hope that he’ll see Sherlock’s curls and pale skin in the faint light.
The skin is littered with healing bruises and scars. None of them look less than a week old.
“Oooooo, you’re angry. You’re angry with me, I can tell!” And she sounds happy that she figured it out.
“Hey, stay awake.”
Sherlock trembles in fits and starts for a long moment before he responds. “Sh-” he wets his lips, clears his throat, and tries again. “Shower.”
." His hand comes up to cover his mouth before he can make any embarrassing sounds. He turns forward again, not being able to look at Sherlock a moment longer.
"C-cold."
John takes his time to marvel at the beautiful man underneath him, the wonderful man who agreed to be with him, and says that he loves him back.
"Yeah, yeah...I'm fine."
The other end is silent save for the faintest sound of breathing.
“Nonononononono, you are not sleeping on my couch, you take the bed.”
“Where?”
“So, how am I, Doctor?”
“Yes, this again. Stay there.”
“No, it’s okay, I understand.”
John’s mind inevitably veers back to Sherlock.
He makes sure to rub his affection into every millimeter of skin before moving up to Sherlock’s arm.
The weeks turn into months.
“I know you don’t want to but I need to check your eyes again. Do you need help sitting up?”
Sherlock’s eyes narrow into slits, staring at John. “I’m not a child.”
Without waiting for permission, John uncovers the stranger’s body and bodily moves him into a sitting position against the headboard. The only help John gets is a litany of moans.
Sherlock doesn’t answer. He looks at John for a long moment, John staring right back.
The man squints his eyes and gives John an accusatory glare.
Sherlock threads a hand through John’s short, bristly hair, keeping him in place. “This,” he breathes.
So, when John finally,
When his fingers casually brush against a customer’s, he thinks about the electric feeling across his skin whenever he touched Sherlock, and how he desperately wants to kiss the man again.
When he turns the corner into the main seating area, John spots Sherlock is sitting in a red leather booth, smiling like he thinks he’s oh so clever.
He must've been looking for too long, for Sherlock nudges his arm against John's hands.
But he has no strength left. He keeps himself flat against the brick façade at his back, limbs trembling, head lolling, eyes fluttering closed and open again.
They blunder and bumble through the kitchen and down the hall, almost deciding to stop and go right there on the floor.
In a whirlwind of limbs, the junkie tears himself away from John's grasp and backs himself up against the wall of the building lining the sidewalk, his hand outstretched in feeble protection. “No! No, you’re not taking me there.”
They’re both quiet as John pats a damp washcloth over Sherlock’s face, then applies shaving foam to Sherlock’s jaw and upper lip.
"Shh, go back to sleep. Going to the bathroom."
Mike, bless him, had taken over the register after John’s fumble, quickly taking and filling orders.
Aziraphale looks at him with sadness, but it’s Crowley’s expression that makes John stop. His arms are crossed and even with the sunglasses, his expression is hard.
Collapsing onto him, their chests move against each other with labored breaths. More kisses are readily accepted on both sides.
By the time John has woken up proper, the sun is high in the sky and shining angrily through the window. John mutters and rolls over to mush his face into the mattress, hiding from the sun’s glare. He reaches his arm out across the sheets to wrap Sherlock in his arms, but finds it empty and cold. John frowns.
John rolls over on the couch and faces the back cushions. He remembers the first night he brought Sherlock home and how Sherlock was in the same position that night, too. He can almost smell the tobacco.
A soft padding down the hall catches his attention.
“That’s not what I meant.”
“Sleep will help.”
Sherlock can smell the toaster working and last nights takeaway being heated up for a calorie-filled breakfast. He doesn’t want to get up, not at all. No matter how childish it sounds, it’s the truth.
“I-I idolized you, put you up on a pedestal… and you were
“I’m to take you home,” she says. “Address?”
“I don’t know what to do,” John whispers, and Sherlock can hear the start of tears in his voice.
appears on the screen. John sits in his armchair, reading the newspaper. The light from the window shines perfectly on his hair, tinting it a golden grey. A cup of tea sits next to him on the side table, waiting to be drunk.
Sherlock hangs up before John can hear his delighted squeak.
Once more, John sets alarms every two hours to wake Sherlock during the night. By morning, he almost regrets taking Sherlock in.
“Sherlock, I was wrong to blame you.” John closes his eyes and sighs, resigned. “I was planning on leaving Mary, before she died- it’s okay, I know you knew.”
“Yeah.”
“Hm,” John smiles and complies, feeling much better now that Sherlock’s pupils seem to be returning to normal. “I meant for dinner.”
Standing there, with his now-cold coffee in his hands, John heart simultaneously flutters and sinks.
John frantically feels at his pockets, not feeling his own in any of them.
“Hmph,” Sherlock replies, and rolls back over.
help yourself, and I can’t help you if you don’t want it. Next time I hear from you, it better be because you’re cleaning up your act. Bye.”
Lost in thoughts and anxieties, John lets his feet guide him back home after his shift. He doesn’t quite expect to find Sherlock there when he arrives, and he doesn’t know if that makes him relieved or sad.
Struck momentarily speechless, John only stands and stares.
“I’m testing your memory. It’s important when assessing a concussion.” John stops. “...Are you saying you didn’t know who the Prime Minister was even before last night?”
“I love you, John.”
Pleading eyes gaze up into his, blue, but not quite right.
Sherlock leaves, walking slowly and with his head lowered. The appointment has emotionally and physically drained him. He just wants to go home.
After graduation, long after memories of Sherlock have faded, he enlists in the army.
As the vibrations continue, John realises that it’s not a text, but a phone call. Only his mum ever calls him, and he knows he better answer unless he wants another “we need to talk” discussion about nothing in particular.
It buzzes again in his hand:
“Oh,” Sherlock says, understanding. “Which one?”
I allowed!” Sherlock explodes, finally turning and stopping an arm’s width away from John. “I am human! I make mistakes! As you
of the occasional rain droplet, thunder rumbling low in the distance.
“I’m SHIT. Absolutely SHIT-FACED,” she says, even though she’s laughing.
“Should eat more.”
The man doesn’t respond, his eyes still closed.
Immediately, John retrieves the duvet from the bedroom and drapes it over Sherlock’s form, tucking the edges in, exceedingly aware of the intimacy of the gesture. Sherlock’s body is startlingly hot even through the blanket.
Glancing up, he finds Sherlock’s eyes heavily lidded, but open, with his breath deep and slow.
. There is no way he would say anything other than yes. It’s impossible. Anyone who comes within ten feet of you two can see how much you love each other.”
John elects to ignore him, selecting a large plaster and another cotton ball.
While he’s taking orders with a plastered-on smile, he thinks about Sherlock, and how deep the lines on his face seemed when he frowned, but how relaxed he seemed when he was trusting.
“Shut up and kiss me again.”
John stares at the man for a long moment, feeling strangely protective of Sherlock and offended that someone would think he could be bribed. “No.”
“Yes,” Sherlock says as he stumbles into the loo and closes the door.
A grab and a glance at his phone tells him that his alarm won’t go off for another 30 minutes.
“I’m twenty-five.”
Eventually, Sherlock wakes. He feels heavy and the simple thought of moving sends an immediate wave of repulsion through him.
The smell of antiseptic is overpowering now that he actively tries to search for it.
Silently, Sherlock rises, his coat rustling as he stands. John moves to be in front of him and takes a deep breath.
When John arrives back at the laundromat, he finds Sherlock’s clothes in a wet heap at the bottom of the washing machine. He quickly transfers them over to a dryer.
“Exactly!” Crowley exclaims with a point.
“You were late. You were nearly thirty minutes late, that’s a lot of time to account for.”
Sherlock doesn’t protest this time, letting himself be manhandled out of the bed. John’s grateful for small victories.
He lets himself study the rest of the man in front of him, and it suddenly seems very significant that Sherlock is wearing his clothes.
John stutters. “I-I don’t know, it’s a war zone! I would imagine they’d give me at least a handgun to protect myself. And I would if I need to.”
John hopes that he means what it sounds like, but he doesn’t let himself hope.
Every night, he lays under the blanket on the sofa and sleeps fitfully.
John just stares at Sherlock, continuing to eat his food. “Is that your way of asking me what I was doing?”
John doesn't remember exactly what happened after that, but the next clear memory he has is of the chief surgeon telling him that it was because of Bill Murray that John survived long enough to get into surgery, but that the bullet completely severed his brachial nerve. The surgeon tells John that they re-attached it as best they could, but all hears is that he may possibly never wield a scalpel again.
John smiles a sad smile. “I don’t deserve it.”
“Everyone knows about Oscar Wilde and he has yet to be taken in.”
John continues his ministrations, massaging from wrist to elbow and back down, going wider with each pass.
“An enemy.”
“Food. I need food.”
“Yeah, now that you’ve told me it makes perfect sense, but how do you know what to look for?”
Sherlock leans against the back of the sofa for a moment, closing his eyes again and covering them with his hand.
well know, John.”
He joins the University’s extracurricular rugby team.
He grabs at his phone and taps the screen to silence the god-awful shrill and drags himself upright to check on the stranger in his bed again, yawning.
“Please. This is important to me.” Sherlock’s voice is soft and barely audible.
The bell above the door rings as John leaves, waving a hand goodbye to Mike as he walks in the opposite direction towards his dorm.
John takes the trash bin he left by the couch the night before moves it next to Sherlock’s legs. “There’s that if you need it.”
John wants to run and find Sherlock, wants to use the adrenaline and fear that's coursing through his body to find Sherlock and bring him back. But he knows that would be a lost cause. He'd get nowhere, and all he'd be left with is a sore body and an empty bed.
“I’m sorry to intrude, but I couldn’t help but notice that you’re not in very high spirits,” says the shorter of the two.
He gently falls back asleep.
“Oi!”
“Actually,” John says, setting his plate down on a side table, “I meant to ask you about that.”
Aziraphale leans forward and places a hand on John’s arm. “I am truly sorry, John, but we really must get going.” At this, Crowley comes around the bench and offers an elbow, opposite of how they came up. Aziraphale takes it and comfortably tucks himself into Crowley’s side.
The mobile vibrates in his hand, startling John and almost causing him to drop it.
John considers tracing back Sherlock’s symptoms to what kind of drugs he had taken, but eventually thought it pointless. It would be nearly impossible to tell withdrawal symptoms from concussion symptoms, and if Sherlock  regularly shot up with a cocktail of drugs, then, well. John just wishes he knew what to be prepared for.
Sherlock guides their bodies to the bed, turning himself and walking backwards.
John takes Sherlock’s bottom lip into his mouth, sucking lightly. Sherlock moans, his hands moving up John’s back and pulling him closer.
“My hands are shaking,” Sherlock says as he holds his hands out. They tremble in the air between them.
It’s only when the library closes and they kick him out does he head home.
“I haven’t moved all day.”
She receives no answer. Instead, she leans down to run her hand through his curls and leaves.
“Yeah, I’m angry. I’ve asked you to not call me when you’re like this.”
“Why are you so insistent on not going to hospital? They won’t care about the drugs, they just want to help.”
A wallet.
“It could be.”
“Come on, we need to get to A&E, have your head looked at.”
“You’ll have to tell him eventually.”
“I promise.”
hadn’t he set up a system so he’d know that Sherlock was okay while he was gone? He could’ve left his mobile phone with him and called him every few hours from the café phone.
Their hearts beat a staccato against each other, breathing in the other’s air. Each of their arousals pressed tight between them, restricted still in their trousers.
Sherlock stretches up to meet them, craving the attention. He threads his fingers through the short strands of John’s hair, ensuring he doesn’t stray too far.
“Oooooh,” Mike sing-songs as he tucks his jacket into his own locker. “Pulled some nice stranger?”
“Oh.” Sherlock’s mouth forms a delightful little ‘o.’ “Well. ‘Sherlock’ is traditionally a girl’s name, too. So.”
“You’re too thin,” John says in the quiet.
Desperate to dispel the awkwardness, John asks, “Is that your real name?”
They make their way to John’s bedsit, thankfully only a few streets over. John shuffles along with the stranger draped over him, weighing him down.
John feels a hand at the back of his neck the same moment he notices faint stubble rasping against his upper lip. Responding in kind, John places his hands on the other person’s shoulders, standing on his toes to get a better angle. The stranger’s other hand grabs at John’s hip.
“Too late for you,” Sherlock mumbles. He flips himself over and onto his side, gazing at John as the covers slip down to John’s waist.
When they’re both done, John picks up their dishes, sets them by the sink, and packs their leftovers into the fridge. Sherlock continues to laze about on the sofa, being of no help whatsoever.
John offers his hand and Sherlock takes it. It’s warm and calloused, just the way Sherlock remembers from the precious few, short, times they’ve held hands. He remembers them all.
When he sits, John sees a relatively attractive woman lounging on the other side of the seat, tapping away at a phone.
Hospital.
John wakes suddenly and completely the next morning.
“I love him. Too much for my own good.”
“You just said you would kill people.” Sherlock looks bored with the conversation.
, unless there’s another Sherlock whose last name John doesn’t know, so what has Sherlock done that warrants the attentions of a man like that?
John leaves the room and into the kitchen, not caring that he’s bare as the day he was born or that their poor old land lady could walk in at any moment.
John stiffens at the sound, too focused on the fact he may have fractured this guy’s skull.
On his lunch break, John visits the sandwich shop down the street. He orders his usual, chats with the cashier, sits at his corner table, and tucks in.
“No. Can’t sleep.” Sherlock’s hand flops back down onto the mattress.
With the clothes now in his possession, he has no excuse to linger. But John finds himself hesitant to leave. He tells himself it’s because of doctorly concern.
As soon as the words leave his mouth, he regrets it. His teeth click with the force of his jaw closing, turning away to avoid Sherlock’s gaze. He can feel his face heating up.
It’s incredibly intimate, but also comfortable.
They share a small smile, and Sherlock hopes that they will heal, that their relationship isn’t irrevocably ruined. That they will not drift even further apart.
John has been banished to the corridor while whoever it is who does these things moves the body. Bodies.
, and that thought alone makes John flush with affection and desire.
His abdomen is throbbing. Also familiar.
John immediately falls silent, chastised.
After a while, Sherlock’s fidgeting slows. John looks over to find his face smushed against the back of the sofa, asleep, wheezing out every breath.
“What? Why are you looking at me like that?”
After ten more minutes of tense silence, the car drives into what seems like an abandoned warehouse. As the car stops, the headlights shine over a man leaning on an umbrella and a simple chair resting in front of him.
is always the one to get them coffee and tea, why can’t
John had just sat down to eat his cereal when hears rustling coming from the bedroom. At first, he thinks Sherlock is waking up, but then he hears whimpers and grunts.
“You’re late.”
He wraps his arms around Sherlock for a moment and squeezes, giving him comfort in any way he can. Sherlock sighs, but John can’t tell if its from relief or frustration.
"Just...," John leans his head against the stable wall behind him. "Talk to me," he hears himself say.
With only a small amount of hesitation, John gets out of the car and purposefully walks to the man.
“Who was that?”
“I think I could kill someone.”
Sherlock looks wretched. His eyes are red and watery, his face clammy with sweat.
John leans back, tossing the bloodied cotton ball into the bin, noticing that the stranger’s eyes are open. He scrunches up his face, thinking, before holding up two fingers, referencing the second option.
“Are they still there?”
“Yeah. Short for Harriet.”
It spills out of his mouth, the words pushing their way through. But John doesn’t regret them, knowing he means them as soon as they are said.
John hears Sherlock's throat click as he swallows. "I'll be right there," Sherlock replies in a voice just as quiet.
“When she died… when she died I felt guilty. I was going to leave her, and then she said all of those things to me… I felt guilty that she loved me that much and I couldn’t tell her the same.
“You know,” John says as he shovels fried rice into his mouth, “I half expected you to be gone by the time I got home.”
"But...," John stop when he feels his throat closing up. "My
On an exhale, he feels terror of another kind sweep back into him, tears springing to his eyes.
One cup in each hand, John makes his way back to Lestrade’s office blindingly, barely paying attention to his surrounds. Just watching his feet step, step, and step across the floor.
John stands with them, and Aziraphale touches his arm once more. “I bless this union.”
So he does not move, not even trying to open his eyes.
~/|\~
“My place then,” John concedes, slinging the man's arm around his shoulder. The stranger nods.
“I’ll be back in two days, I promise.”
John gives the same treatment to the stranger’s other arm, taking comfort in the fact that he’s letting him.
He receives no answer.
He feels a huff of air against his skin before the junkie pulls away, scrambling and nearly falling into a nearby alleyway. John follows, hearing an awful retching sound.
He certainly does. He relishes the feeling of the hair catching at his fingertips, the warm skin, and the slide of foam. Oh, he certainly does massage for longer than necessary.
He waits a moment for a response. After a second or two, the junkie slowly pulls himself into a sitting position, his eyes closed to stave off the dizziness.
John keeps him restrained. It doesn't take much, the man already weak and uncoordinated.
The sky starts to lightly weep, rain pattering down onto the pavement and washing away the vomit. The stranger starts to shiver.
“How are you feeling?” John all but whispers. “Have you slept at all?”
“Why.”
The woman smiles at her phone. “Hi.”
John was right.
He inhales a deep breath, holds it, and slowly lets it escape. "The baby's dead," he says bluntly. Straightforward. Flat.
The dial tone drones in John’s ear. Looking around, John notices that there’s no one else in the store, employee or customer. No one to witness him getting into a mysterious car, and no cameras to capture it, either.
In his periphery, John observes the stranger on his sofa. He’s pulled up his legs onto the cushions, his knees tight against his chest within the circle of his arms. He looks pitiful.
“No.”
Nodding, John grasps Sherlock's hand, his stomach warming when he receives a reassuring squeeze back. "Okay."
Sherlock’s fighting with the blankets, still asleep, his brow glistening with sweat.
John stares at the ceiling, examines the now-familiar cracks, and feels adrift in the sea of his emotions.
He leans forward, tentatively catching Sherlock’s lips with his. Sherlock sighs, eyes closing of their own accord. They finally close the space between them, flush from chest to thigh, skin on skin.
He continues to listen to the sounds of the hospital and the ones coming through the speaker pressed against his ear.
“I haven’t mentioned a figure.”
“I worry about him. Constantly.”
Sherlock suddenly becomes aware of a steady beeping. Familiar.
“The best and worst time of my day,” John says, sharing a grin with Mike.
There's still walking. Still distant crying. Still talking. But now the wind-like sound of the inside of a car and short breaths.
“Shouldn’t he be back by now? He’s taking quite a long time.”
“Okay?”
falling on your arse?”
“Sherlock?!” John calls as he leaps out of his car, slamming the door closed behind him. He races down the alley that run across the side of the building. “Sherlock, where are you!” John starts to worry in ernest. Is he unable to call out for help? Has he fallen unconscious?
John’s neck almost feels like it breaks with how fast he turns his head toward the stranger.
Finally able to take a look, John sees someone desperate and needy. There's blood on the man’s face from where it ground against the gravel, dirt and grime practically covering him from head to toe.
And he turns to run.
John stretches his arms back behind his head, his back and shoulder popping as he does so. He lets out a pleased groan, Sherlock’s eyes watching the movement of muscles under golden skin.
“No.”
“Hm.”
He's waiting for Sherlock to arrive. There's been a murder. A brutal one. How John got to the scene before Sherlock, his compromised mind doesn't supply a plausible reason.
John listens but doesn’t hear any response.
There’s nowhere he wants to be other than here, with Sherlock, lazy mornings and late nights. Till the end of his days, he will always be Sherlock’s.
When John's bedsit comes into sight after several long minutes, he lets out a sigh of relief. “Think you can walk?”
“Yeah. Thought you would’ve run away from the crazy man who gave you a concussion and took you into his home.”
“Please,” Harry pleads. She holds out her mobile to him, her hand almost shaking. John wonders if it’s from alcohol or fear. “Just take it.”
The foam is eventually wiped away, leaving behind smooth, soft skin.
“I thought you were ‘assessing my concussion.’” Sherlock looks bored with John, like he can’t believe that John would be so pedestrian.
“You’re no FUN, Johnny.”
“Come on, gotta get up, love.”
Sighing, John turns and walks into the building, not quite caring that he’s spending money on a stranger who probably won’t receive the benefits of his efforts.
Three years without his familiar faces.
"Almost three years," he says, biting down hard on the words. "You couldn't find a way to contact me in all this time?
A clothesline near the ceiling, strung with maps, and three surprisingly sharp CCTV printouts of a crowd surrounding a bonfire.
"N-not in a way that I thought was safe enough."
Sherlock, clearly focused on remaining upright, grimaces at the floor. In the darkened room his white torso pulls the eye like a sculpture on display at the centre of a museum gallery.
is quite plain; John gazes calmly back at him, letting his conditions hang in the air.
Stop.
"I know how you feel," she said, swiping her free hand across her eyes.
He stepped closer, just an inch or so, and touched his fingers under the tip of my chin. Patinas of blue and green darkened the silver eyes fixed on mine, all his attention and all his determination balanced on a single fulcrum.
Sherlock's fingernails dig tiny crescents of pain into his neck. The imprint (seared with near-painless intensity onto his skin one dark and memorable night, not long after Moriarty's game) had once seemed so stark and black and permanent. Proof, if any were needed, that it was
The only response is a slight jump of the tendon under John's fingertips; thoughts chase each other in grim, silent circles behind that impassive face.
"It's all lower-case."
Her gut told her to push the door silently open, to get the lay of the land, but she wasn't that person anymore. Instead, she listened to the half-sick feeling beneath her diaphragm, the one she'd had since John jolted awake before dawn, and reached out to rap solidly on the door.
"What? No," he said, lifting his head up off her shoulder to squint at her. "No. That's — he what?"
John took a restless step closer to Sherlock's side, settled almost unconsciously into parade rest.
He looked to her, his chest struggling to rise and fall evenly. "I have always needed John. I needed him even before I met him. I always will."
"We're all right," she croaked (
John pales, lips tightening — fleeting fear, or regret, or anger — impossible to say, he's too quick to sweep the evidence away with several rapid blinks.
Sherlock's arms tighten.
"Then you're an idiot," Sherlock finished for him, without looking up.
with you."
John feels the muscle in his jaw work. "Were we meant to work it out, then? Lestrade, Mrs Hudson, and me? From your bloody note?"
It's harder to read Sherlock's face in profile, but his eyes search restlessly across some inner landscape, his throat and jaw twitching. And yet he manages to restrain himself to his promised simplicity: "I'm sorry."
"And maybe mine." The picture on the right: frenzied Sherlock throwing a hunk of burning pallet out of the pyre.
," Sherlock lashes back, fighting to keep his voice from rising. "If I did, I would never have risked the experiment with the sugar."
"Sherlock." No response; no surprise, really.
"The same things you want," I said, gesturing with the mug to indicate the flat, Sherlock, nights that go to dawn, the howl of a tortured violin — all the things I had no intention of saying aloud, even now.
Between the row the night before, and the one shaping up to start, John's not quite sure he'll be welcome, but Sherlock, apparently, would be
Sherlock shakes his head, and his fingertips twitch, just a little, shifting the tendon beneath John's fingers. "I'm not stupid, John. You think I want to incapacitate myself
But... Sherlock looms close over his shoulder, left hand gripping the back of the chair, near-touch tingling against John's spine, and the computer's answer, when it comes, only throws Sherlock into puzzlement.
John sighs. "You're home now, Sherlock. It's not about what
He gets the strainer out and sets it in the sink, drains the pasta, fixes plates for both of them.
"Sherlock." Voice odd, low and absolutely level and only slightly breathless, and Sherlock turns worriedly—
With John's motion, the cat gives a piteous miaow; reminding him that amongst the human drama he's forgotten his role as provider. He pulls the bowl from beneath the sink, measures out dry food on auto-pilot and sets the lot on the floor. Straightens up and stares out the kitchen window; catches himself counting stars and wondering what he has that Sherlock will eat.
No, many other deep-seated complications have become evident, in the months-long unspooling of fracas and fiasco that The Woman and Moriarty have dispensed. Shared passions or no, he and John have had days and weeks of short tempers and shorter conversations, muddy misunderstandings and crossed  conclusions, a bipolar playground of mood swings and attitude slides when they don't have a task to align them in the same direction. This is nothing so simple as jealousy.
He apologises; she pats his arm and tells him it's all right. He remembers her father is also a veteran and knows what she's probably thinking. She starts stepping more heavily on the carpet or shutting the doors with perhaps a bit more force than necessary, making sure he knows where she is. And he doesn't mention out loud how grateful he is for it.
Molly looks at John expectantly; Jim barely glances at him before returning his full attention to Sherlock. John blinks, plays back through the conversation. Molly was trying to introduce him, but doesn't know his name because Sherlock has probably never had reason to mention John to her.
Sherlock knows he is (pig-headed, exasperating, unreasonable) an unusual patient, and John's never been one to worry about the outside world's ethics so long as he lives by his own. And he's no stranger to applying a crop to human skin, or safewords, or—
" to find some way to ease the ache that continued to eat at him.
. Most of all, she meant
What the
"Wanting..." he said, shaking his head as I pivoted to face him. "We shouldn't change. The things we want aren't always the the things we need. We can't let the desires of the moment distract us from everything that works..."
to me with... with great mournful kitten eyes."
all the time."
"No," he cuts Sherlock off before he can finish the thought. "No. It's still all fine."
shaking. Because there
"Care to try again?"
, he tells himself.
"Your safeword is 'phosphorus'. Say it."
to keep up with the man, and dials the dead woman's number again.
. But offering me the coffee —" He cuts himself off, throws his hands in the air. "You were being you."
Not cowardice. A chance to regroup.
"No," he said, the word so strangled and horrible she almost didn't recognize his voice in it, forcing her to look up again. "No, Sherlock. She can't — she isn't?"
All-but-perfect clarity, the night John had tenderly taken him apart: Sherlock had offered John everything, heart and body, mind and sanity, soul if there was such a thing, and John had accepted, wrapping everything they were together within a strap of leather — and they'd both started at the flare of
"I...don't know what to do now. I was never able to see beyond this day." He rests his elbow on the table, leans his head against his hand, three continents of weariness beginning to overcome the tension holding him together. Sherlock unsure, Sherlock slumping: yet more discordant notes. "I am dead, I am disgraced, I am a criminal in my own right, now. I can't simply go back to Baker Street and pick up where I left off."
to life. I don't know who you were before we met, but you can't fake what you did for me. And I do want to spend the rest of my life with you; we have words to speak still but as long as you stick around to speak them, I can forgive you.
The largest problem is: John isn't about to leave him alone, and he knows all too well when Sherlock is in this mode he can only push so far before Sherlock lashes back — and he knows exactly where John is most vulnerable. John doesn't intend to lose his temper enough to stalk away this time, but Sherlock can still make it damned uncomfortable for him to stay.
There's a tight ache in his throat; he swallows it back. He's never seen a knot forming, either, wasn't there when his nudges finally got Mike and Lauren in the same room, or the first time Harry met Clara. He's never thought to be curious what the meeting of bondmates might look like. Never was curious about any of it before Sherlock, damn him, but over the last several weeks he's found himself looking at the strands more closely — cataloguing differences, analysing commonalities.
To thole the winter's sleety dribble,
(flagellation, obligation, complication) and dances with the alien desire to demand that John do it again so he won't
secrets could be shattered as well. She fought every day to do as she'd been trained, to live only in the surface of her mind, where she wasn't
Sherlock stood taller, shoulders dropping a fraction, and his eyes shifted, gathering information, the dark under narrowed lids giving way to silver-blue. "Who is Mary Morstan?"
, not
. Sherlock."
. Rejection, a reprieve, a chance to talk this out—
of this, she guessed, when he made only a few quick taps before dropping it back to his side.
But then John caves, inexplicably, to a disapproving tilt of the head. Or to some sense that this person, whoever he is — MI5, MI6, criminal mastermind,
John, not yet, this is
An' lea'e us nought but grief an' pain,
"Sherlock," he says, hoarse from holding back his cries and therefore somewhat gruff. He clears his throat.
"That
John starts to ask how, decides not only does he not care but he's much more interested in the show in front of him.
Mary looked back over her shoulder at John, his fingers clenched tight on the steering wheel where he waited in the car against the kerb.
Sherlock lifted his head off the arm of the sofa, frowning in consternation.
. Unshaven; curls drooping flatly around his paler-than-usual face, his too-hollow cheekbones. The dark shirt, dark trousers, dress shoes, they wouldn't have been out of place before he faked his death, when he'd been forever in the news, but all looked like they'd been slept in for days, and the black silk dressing gown hung asymmetrically over the top of it at all (something heavy in the pocket) was torn at the sleeve and spattered with dull stains.
The truth could never set her free, but it might be the only chance she had left to defend the relationships she cared about.
He settles on the couch, which is a mistake; Mycroft switches his attention from his "intransigent" brother to John. Soon enough, John has a handful of eyes-only file and an earful of tortured violin.
"John, we've lied to you, and lied to ourselves that we were hiding things in your best interest. We've been selfish. You needed all the relevant information to make sound decisions, and we've kept it from you. Our reasons don't matter." She felt Sherlock try to withdraw and squeezed his hand, encouragingly. "We were wrong."
Sherlock's field of mastery has always been words, logic; not just linear thought but brilliant leaps between invisible systems of causality, A to B to Q to Z'. Sometimes I thought we got on so well because I didn't
Committed, John sways closer to Sherlock, body taking the initiative while his recalcitrant mind remains one step behind, still struggling to maintain a poise that no longer matters.
Sherlock's restless eyes scan every nuance of John's expression, weigh everything he sees. But he's not opaque today either; John can see him resonating with the words, the idea that these are shared experiences. He's resonating himself, feels more alive than he has in ages.
Sherlock jerks against his hold, trying to turn away.
. Not exactly self-defence, Sherlock, but miles and away from poisoning children with mercury-tainted chocolates. Which, by the way, I do not and have never for a moment considered you capable of."
Conclusion: Neither man was rational. Something Mary had suspected all along.
"I seem to recall I wasn't speaking to you, then. I'm not sure I want to be speaking to you now." It's only half a lie; he wouldn't care if he never speaks to Mycroft again, but John wouldn't give up the blessed relief he feels for anything. Wouldn't give up having something outside his own head — finally — that confirms his steady faith over the last three years hasn't been a form of madness. But the faith is braided with a subterranean fury that's been held in abeyance just as long.
? Don't answer that."
Mycroft draws a brief breath, more words on his tongue, but John can see the alternate paths of the conversation playing out in his blink, getting him nowhere; he presses his lips together and stands stiffly. There's no more information to be had, then; Sherlock's work is done and he's on his way home.
"Everywhere. Norway. Russia. Tibet. Uzbekistan. I was in Khartoum a few days ago. Montpellier this morning. I tracked them all down." Sherlock speaks to the table in distant tones, far-too-familiar shadows in his dark voice. "None of you are in danger anymore."
He sat up, and his eyes, silver in the late afternoon sunlight, searched my face, ignoring his mug. I was reminded of the inn, of his cut crystal tumbler flashing in the firelight. A different kind of fear, this, but related, somehow, to those long moments of doubt out on the moor.
That wee bit heap o' leaves an' stibble,
"And I assume she
Mary opened her mouth, then closed it again; spread her free hand, asking for peace or a moment to think, to respond, to come up with anything but white noise.
reflect the twilight sky.
"So no, I never believed you were a fraud." He gazes down at the boiling water and slowly roiling pasta, neck and spine still bunched with tension. "Doubting myself, doubting whether the message was really there, having no clue why you'd stay away, stay
And it is, really — they
, she realized, the 'breach' soliloquy, punctuated by the stomp of pacing feet.
Jesus, what is he thinking? This is a bad idea, John tells himself, very bad, worse than letting Harry take him on his first pub crawl.
Sherlock has gathered samples or duplicates of
"I'll show myself out."
"He's always not wrong," John growled. "Except when he is. But..."
I looked at the door to the landing and back at Sherlock; a pointed question.
Sherlock drops his hands, fingers drumming paradiddles against the arms of the chair.
She looked up again at Sherlock, tried to show him how serious she was, how she wanted and trusted him to call her out if she did lie, or omit something relevant. Because an adult lifetime of keeping secrets made hiding the truth second nature, and only Sherlock could convince John now that her love for him hadn't been another part of the lie; a story, a
John settles down behind his desk, swallows, and takes a deep breath. Two years, eleven months, and fifteen days of silence. His eyes trace the shape of his office, lingering over the handwritten sheets of music lovingly framed, before looking across the desk into the wrong pair of eyes. He lets his hard expression ask the question; this once, good news or bad, Mycroft
Sherlock chooses to accept it as a command, exhales in relief. John pulls back, fingers sparking over the oblique marks like a stick rattling along the electric fence; tensions release, words retreat. John adjusts position and stance, and the crop comes down on the welts crosswise, striking again and again until Sherlock is safe once more.
"Sherlock. Explanation,
Everything had been
Less often, recently, with the black gone to less eye-catching shades of gray: battleship, slate, ashes, ashes....
The muscles along his spine pull tight (God no, too much to do, why is he resting?) and he barely registers the pain that shimmers across his skin before the whisper of moving paper becomes a closing book and
Mary's throat clenched and jaw tightened at the photograph of her best friend Janine, smiling thinly up at Magnussen at some formal function. So much for friendship: at best Janine had been bought and sold with another of Magnussen's hoarded tidbits of leverage; at worst, she'd been his agent all along, a ready hand with which to menace Mary — or John. And Mary had been blind to his machinations either way.
turns out to be, John wants in. He might not be part of the tangled interdependent web he can perceive in crimson bits and pieces, but he will damn well do his small part — whatever that might be — to protect it for everybody else.
soup so she didn't want to spill his soup) as she dove and rolled to her left where she could take cover in the kitchen.
"Not on call," John objected, muttering against her chest. Mary shifted, reaching over him to flip the phone's screen toward her, and paused.
But he mightn't be the best judge of that.
Because his hand
"He doesn't want...all this. It's all right. He chose you."
John looks back up at Sherlock, and the urge to start giggling again probably isn't the best sign, as far as that goes.
"You could have asked me." John faces Sherlock, puts his back to the wall (not the glass).
Despite the hot tightness in my throat I let him go; I gave him space, shifted back and picked up my mug. Took a sip, swallowing back ambered hazel and a thousand stinging shards of glass. Offered Sherlock the second cup.
He closes his eyes, trying to remember, to guess whether the darkness around Jim or that strange golden-red flare could have had anything to do with the blurring and splitting he'd seen. Such a contrast to Jim's bright Entanglement, piercing right through Molly's chest like a spear...Not bound to her. Clearly bound to someone.
The drug, Sherlock knows it's the drug, loosening tempers and tongues (
"Thirsty work, brooding in the dark."
The headache is not yet gone, but is fading beneath the dullness of the medication; he paces briskly back and forth in front of the sliding doors, focusing himself on the real world, on those things he knows how to attack. He opens the door.
He stood, abruptly, slid beyond the coffee table, caught the music stand before it could fall.
of abnormal tweaks skipping across the surface on gossamer snowshoes, he
"Tea, then." I walked to the kitchen, made a conscious effort not to clatter the kettle against the tap. Knew Sherlock couldn't help cataloging and identifying every frustrated rustle I made: leaning against the counter, adjusting my flies. A fleeting memory of The Woman —
"Temptation. Frustration," he answered.
He'd consented to the game easily enough in the midst of his mania, obviously familiar with the rules, and John's not entirely certain what to make of that apparent contradiction to "not my area." But after Sherlock's wild flares of enthusiasm he sinks into black moods, when he doesn't want to be touched or spoken to, or even see movement in his line of sight. And coming down from the cocaine high is surely making the swing worse today.
Every piece is important, it's too much, he doesn't know where to start. John is sharp, impatient, wholly present: blessedly himself again.
"Come home, Doctor Watson."
"Do you need me to grab the bin?"
"For all the reasons I said yes to that first date, and all the reasons I moved in with you. Because you're clever, and funny, and you don't give a lot of yourself, your real self, not your doctorly self, to strangers but when you do you're just...amazing. And also because you're a stubborn bastard who would debate with the statue of Lord Nelson if you took a mind to and you'd probably at least argue him to a draw." She felt hot tears spill over her lashes and onto her cheeks. "Because I feel alive when I'm with you, even when you tell me I can't do something and I have to contradict you. Because I've never felt anything like this and don't imagine I ever will again. Because I want
— come to the wedding," John said, sharply. "Of
Sherlock's eyes — clear and bright, so
strands tied around her finger, redder than — well, there is no earthly comparison. Red and flawless and bound up in one of the tidiest knots John has ever seen...rare, to see the sign of a perfect triad. Sherlock is right about the sex. Wrong about it being a clandestine affair.
He won't. But he thinks about it.
When she'd last stood here, both the kitchen and sitting room doors had been open, light drifting dustily through the flat, but today both were closed tight, crowding the landing with near-darkness. A scrawl of yellow chalk
"Please."
who fitted the man's Westwood suit.
Sherlock has no soul mate, has been passed over by destiny just as John has.
A sharp exhale, John's hand heavy on his bicep. "Look at me.
by the second.
Does that make him a sociopath? Or simply a loyal soldier?
Sherlock shakes his head, a subtle note of wonder lightening his expression.
John shakes his head over the state of the bathroom, lifts a cereal bag half-full of foul granola out of the sink so he can wash his hands, and is on the verge of shouting some complaint out through the kitchen — until he swipes the cereal box up from the floor and hears a familiar hard plastic rattle. The words die in his mouth, and he stares blindly at the ugly graphics on the front of a box that has lurked untouched in the back of a cupboard since the day he moved in. Looks inside, and carefully shakes the sharps' box concealed in the bottom half. He estimates the number of used syringes within.
“I don’t know, I observe.” Sherlock then turns his back on John, facing the sofa. “I’ve used up all my energy,” he says. “I’m done talking.”
Nearly 30 minutes into the washing cycle, John hears the phone ring behind the counter. The noise is shrill and pierces John’s ears. It rings for a long minute before it stops, nobody coming to answer it.
“Hm?”
, how much Sherlock loves that sound.
The front door opens into the small living space and even smaller kitchen, nothing separating the rooms other than a stark line of carpet and linoleum. A short hallway leads off of the den toward the sole bedroom and loo. Nothing to turn his nose up at.
John reluctantly attends his morning classes, leaving the bedsit just barely able to resist giving Sherlock a goodbye kiss to his sleeping face. He’s unable to not think about Sherlock every second that he’s in class, and then at work, and back on campus for his make-up test.
"Dinner?"
“I know.” Sherlock waits, absorbing the words. He never tires of hearing them. “I miss you.”
“Get up, your knees must be hurting.”
Sherlock’s eyes look red and tired. One of his hands comes up to rub at them.
“Hm.”
“Sherlock, breakfast’s ready. Gotta get up,” John calls from the kitchen.
At first, John keeps his mouth closed, but can’t help himself from opening them when Sherlock swipes at the seam with his tongue. John reciprocates, Sherlock softly gasping as he relaxes in John’s arms.
But he doesn't get more than two steps in front of himself before John grabs him with a firm hand on his elbow. “
Closing his eyes, John lets himself forget about the past few hours and imagine he's waiting here for a different reason.
John starts sweeping his thumb across Sherlock’s knuckles. The touch is electric, and Sherlock feels every point of contact.
As Sherlock eats, John takes the kitchen trash outside to the building’s dumpster, not wanting the vomit to stink up the place. When he returns, he sees the empty mug on the stool side-table and Sherlock munching on the crackers.
But by then, Sherlock is falling back into darkness.
It’s silent for a long moment. John continues his motions, Sherlock’s skin warm under his hands.
"John, you are always welcome." Sherlock tightens his hold briefly before letting go, holding John away from him by the shoulders.
Sherlock stirs at John’s side. He makes an unhappy sound before he takes a deep breath and rolls onto his back. He blinks himself awake, scrunching his eyes closed and opening them wide.
He takes a shaky breath and exhales. Tries to calm down. “I know this can be hard. I know. But you
They’re all exactly as he remembers.
The junkie tries to sit himself up, but his arms seem to lose their strength. He clutches at his head, turning on his side and curling in on himself in pain.
Well, “distracting” isn’t quite the right word. “Needing” was more like it.
Soft, chaste pecks. They whisper their love to each other, the other reveling in the affirmation.
John comes back up and places a kiss to Sherlock’s lips, dry and chaste. Blue meets blue, pupils dilating. John whispers, “Well, you’re gonna have to wait for it.”
"...What do you want me to do?"
“I love you more.”
Keeping Sherlock’s head in place, John kisses first his top lip, then the lower. Sherlock makes a noise almost like a cry before he holds John’s hand to his face with his own.
Sherlock wrinkles his nose. “Not that one. Too strong.”
, exhale,
The two men grapple, hands flying, nails tearing. John easily gets the upper hand.
is the only thing John can think to say.
“John. John Watson.”
He doesn’t look comfortable. His face is mushed into the pillow and John wonders how he’s breathing. His brow is furrowed and he looks almost angry in sleep. John decides to leave him be.
Pretending like he didn’t just eavesdrop on an obviously private conversation, John hands Sherlock his coffee, their fingers brushing. Sherlock’s touch still sends a rush of thrill through his veins, and John doesn’t think he’ll ever get used to it. He doesn’t think he ever wants to.
“But what if!” Sherlock’s long and spindly fingers tug and pull at his hair.
“Oh, for the love of–” John grasps the man's shoulders, hauling him to his feet.
Sherlock wordlessly puts down the sleeve of crackers and, achingly slowly, pushes himself up to standing. John instantly moves across the room to help him hobble across to the bathroom, but he finds that his help is being only used as a crutch and not as a necessity.
John hastily releases his hold.
"You lost an entire future," Sherlock says while he brings John closer to himself. "But that doesn't mean that the future you do have is any less."
Sherlock paces back and forth across the carpet, adding to the current wear marks on the floor.
John picks up a textbook off the floor as he makes his way to the sofa, pushing Sherlock’s legs. “Move, you lanky git.”
“Hello,” John says.
“What did they do,” John demands, his hands tightening on the steering wheel.
“Oh?” Sherlock ordered udon soup but he’s picking around the vegetables, only eating something other than broth and noodles when John glares at him.
John is always hungry the morning after.
He scrolls through his contacts, finding the 'S's. His thumb hovers over the name, hesitant.
He's tired of living like this.
He takes it slow. Sweet and sensual. Sherlock pants underneath him, accepting the tender touches and affection he’s receiving.
He asks Mrs. Hudson if there is anything else he can do at the café, but instead she pulls him into her adjoining flat, sits him down, and makes him tea.
Sherlock swallows, not sure how to respond. "Yeah."
“JoooOOOOOOHn,” Harry slurs.
The phone beeps a second time, more insistently. Can a phone even cop an attitude from the same noise? It would seem so, John thinks.
He hesitantly ventures to the bedroom door. He stumbles after a few halting steps and grabs onto John for balance. Almost immediately, he recoils away. He lunges towards the door’s threshold after one more clumsy step, clinging desperately to the frame.
closed the door behind him.
Happy to be of any help at all, John immediately retrieves his dressing gown from the bedroom and hands it to Sherlock through the crack in the door, mindful to keep his eyes away from the opening to preserve Sherlock’s modesty.
Visibly relaxing, the junkie gives a short nod. John inserts the key in the lock and turns.
John looks towards Sherlock, his eyes flirting between panic and plea. “You don’t have to- if you’ve- got plans- but… we’ve been talking and we thought- Ella thought that- uh, if we had a session together then we might- be able to, erm, work some more stuff out because- so much has happened and neither of us are very good at- emotions and all of that, and-”
“Yes, you agree with me, or yes, you had to steal from me?”
“What is it, what do you need?”
“You love him.” Greg says it as a fact. Like there has never been anything more true.
“Hm. And since yesterday you’ve taken him in and are washing his clothes. Might we expect a happy announcement by the end of the week?”
As Mary cups John face with her hands and places kisses across his mouth, John tries to imitate her happiness, knowing that he will never be able to give her what she wants.
“Because I’d like to keep in touch.” She looks at him sadly. “And I’m worried about you.”
John sighs. He sets the phone down, leaving the messages unanswered.
They kiss for a long minute, taking small licks and sips at each other’s lips.
John hears Greg sigh.
“Since you’re not going to eat,” John says as he moves to stand in front of Sherlock, “you can take a shower. Put your clothes outside the door and I’ll wash them on my way home from work. You can wear these today.” John hands Sherlock the clothes.
He wants Sherlock to feel loved. So infinitely loved that he never doubts it and can ask for more when he needs it. John wants him to know that there isn’t anything he wouldn’t do for him, and that he deserves the world.
“Why would you care?”
He can't do this anymore.
“I’ll see you next week then?” Ella asks.
He checks the junkie’s eyes with the penlight once more, the routine practically set in stone even after only one night.  When he is satisfied, he sets the penlight aside, stretches, and sighs.
Sherlock looks at him without recognition.
There’s no telly, but John desperately wishes he had enough money for one so the awkward silence could be broken. The sound of John eating is obnoxiously loud in the quiet.
.” John could practically see Greg point a finger in Sherlock’s direction. “You
John blinks. “What?”
Sherlock releases his lip from his mouth. It’s wet and glistening, dark pink from pressure.
While John typically doesn’t put much stock in spiritual power, he can almost swear he feels a wave of security and tenderness wash through him.
Sherlock glances up to see John with a countenance with a mix of arousal and irritation. The fact that Sherlock is smugly smiling probably doesn’t make the situation any better.
John tries to sit back up, but his arm gives out from under him, and the pain flares up in earnest.
Hearing Sherlock insult him makes John give a watery laugh. "Thank you anyway." He hates the way he sounds, small and broken.
Once his alarm rings, John throws the blanket off himself and checks on Sherlock, as is now his habit.
“You smell like cadavers.”
Something seems to snap into place in Sherlock’s mind, for his shoulders drop down from around his ears and he lets out a long breath.
John stays hovering over him, hands balanced on Sherlock’s shoulder blades, thinking it not appropriate to sit in this position.
“Thank you.”
That he must have finally admitted to himself that his time with John was useless, that the temptation of drugs was better than a sober life.
John laughs again, dissolving into giggles as he slides into the seat across from Sherlock, entangling their legs under the table.
She sets the biscuits down on the coffee table in front of the sofa, in clear view and reach of Sherlock if he decides to eat today.
“My love, no one is going to notice. We are not going to be taken away from each other. We are not going to be arrested. The general populace, as you do so delight in telling me, are imbeciles. They cannot see what is right in front of them.”
Sherlock glances up, looking meek with his hands clasped delicately in his lap.
"...No. It's fine. I'm in the maternity ward, by room 204."
All he can picture is Sherlock out there on the streets, getting high, and destroying that beautiful brain of his.
, let’s look at your eyes.” John finds his pen light in a kitchen drawer and clicks it on, shining the light into the man’s right eye, and then the left.
“…Why?”
Sherlock throws John a smirk. “You couldn’t be a murderer. Manslaughter, perhaps, you’re strong enough, but you’d never purposefully kill another human being. The way you acted after you realized I had fallen unconscious was obviously genuine. The fact that you wanted to go to the hospital immediately was also a point in your favor.”
John can see the man’s eyes roam across the walls and furniture. He has never felt too proud or too ashamed of his current living quarters, but compared to what he assumes the stranger is used to, he can't complain.
John jabs at the end call button on the screen with little satisfaction. The lack of a hinge to slam closed or a receiver to slam down frustrates him. He throws his mobile onto the other end of the sofa.
He gets an irritated huff, the breath ghosting over his fingers. “Yes.”
“I promise I'm not going to hurt you,” John says again, softening his voice. “I just want to make sure you're alright.”
It’s quiet for a moment. Sherlock shivers.
’s then stomps out of the café, her heels clicking briskly against the floor, no doubt leaving to write a negative Yelp review.
“Sure?”
“Shut up, John!”
“John…”
John can sleep anywhere, so he’s not putout about having to sleep on the sofa. He pulls a pillow under his head and covers himself with a thick, knitted blanket. He sets his phone to go off every two hours. Neither him nor the junkie will be getting much sleep that night.
“Hi, Harry. How are you.” His voice is flat.
“Ha! Yeah, I know what you mean. My social life has been shit because of him, I can’t even imagine what finals will be like!”
“You have a concussion, slow mental processes are to be expected. What should’ve been obvious?”
“Are you alright?” John asks again.
He turns the knob but doesn’t open the door, giving Sherlock time to protest.
“You look like shit,” Mike says as John walks in through the back door of the café.
“Shh, shh, you’re alright, I’ve got you, I’ve got you.”
Three other people refill their cups with the stale coffee before John even leaves the room. John wonders who buys the coffee and how long it takes for the supply to run out.
Distantly, John hears the light thump of his wallet hitting the ground a few feet ahead, knocked from the stranger’s hand.
“Of course, yeah.” John scooches over to make room, the shorter man sits and the taller leans against the back of bench instead, appearing nonchalant.
Greg stays silent. John weaves his and Sherlock’s fingers together, slotting their digits with each other.
“Maybe I’ll just call you ‘No’ since you seem to like that word so much,” he jokes.
John covers Sherlock with himself, keeping his weight on his forearms and away from the body underneath him. “What do you want, Sherlock?” he asks. He places a kiss to the underside of his jaw, moving down his neck and to his chest.
"Of course I did, don't be ridiculous."
He tries to be quiet as he gets ready, opening and closing his dresser drawers slowly and using the sink in the kitchen to brush his teeth rather than the closer one in the bathroom.
Those fearful eyes flick over John’s face and posture. He feels like he’s being examined under that piercing gaze, like his skin is being peeled apart from his chest and his heart is being held in a cold grasp. Goose pimples travel across his skin, moving from his hand to his chest and neck.
enemy.” He trails off for a moment. “He does love to be dramatic.”
“Why.”
The phone is still pressed to his ear; the sounds of Sherlock talking to a cabbie are barely distinguishable.
Mike groans and tells John of his woes while they set up to open the store.
His phone pings, and John reads that he is to come in late that evening and do a make-up lab, which is supposed to be infinitely more difficult than a written test.
With the notable difference, of course, that Sherlock is actually wearing clothes.
“Information. Nothing indiscreet, nothing you’d feel...uncomfortable with. Just tell me what he’s up to.”
With Sherlock laid out, so trusting and exposed, John almost whimpers at the sight. He can’t restrain himself from kissing every inch of this man as he can. Makes sure Sherlock knows that’s he’s worshipped and loved. That he has John’s complete and utter devotion.
John pauses. “Yes.”
The lights are too bright and he has been awake for much too long, fueled only by hastily made cups of tea and rushed snacks for the past 72 hours in order to solve their most recent case.
arrives home at 11:36 that night, later than he has ever been since Sherlock’s arrival, he heaves a relieved sigh. He’s ready to sleep for a solid 12 hours, and maybe give himself the luxury of sleeping through his first class.
John carefully,
Small taps begin to filter through John's ears. It almost sounds like slapping? No, not quite. They're shoes. Shoes against a hard floor.
"Wait — what?" John asked, and then looked at Mary in the doorway again, lips thin, fingers unconsciously flexing and relaxing. His eyes sought hers, and she watched the fear and anger build as he placed the pieces of her retreat together; not as quickly as Sherlock, but just as thoroughly. Shame finally closed her eyes, turned her head away.
"Sherlock," she said, to both pairs of eyes, her own voice broken and wrong. "Let me tell him. Please."
Eight days after Mycroft's visit, John is still tense but less jumpy. With no patients and Karen gone home, he almost enjoys the solitude for the last hour of the workday, finishing the remainder of his paperwork. Finally he collects his jacket and locks up the office. After a quick scan of his surroundings, he heads up the road toward his house through a cool spring evening with few clouds to block the last of the day's sun.
He glances across the table at Sherlock. Their eyes meet. And then the light of mischief glitters in Sherlock's tired eyes, blossoming quickly into a broad, honest smile. John smiles in return and in a heartbeat they're laughing.
, and goes back to studying the relationships of bees.
"Moriarty laid his trap too well. There were bullets trained on you, John. You, and Lestrade, and Mrs Hudson." His voice is smoothing out, not quite as scratchy with disuse, but slow and deep; nothing like his former rapid-fire condescension. "World-class assassins paid obscenely well to murder all of you if I didn't fall to my death. And stay dead. You were closely watched. If you had tried to come to me, or changed your habits in the slightest way because I contacted you, the others would have died."
A bit worked up.
Sherlock stiffened and pulled back, leaving me in a stunned haze as he crossed the landing into the front room, used the threshold to reassert the boundary we had come so close to crossing.
help, let alone ask. Not a hero, fine; just a stupid arse trying to solve his puzzles, and only incidentally protecting other people.
. Is that the two of you...Sherlock, I asked you not to be dead. Mary, I asked you to marry me. You both gave me what I wanted. This is—" He threw his hands up helplessly, paced two steps toward the sofa and then back again. "Look, I find it difficult. I find it difficult, this sort of stuff."
"Do you still care for me?"
She took him in just as quickly. John was off-balance without Sherlock; had Sherlock passed the tipping point without John? Even in the curtain-dimmed light he looked
The brightness falls from the air; John raises up on his elbow and tugs gently. Sherlock follows him down, kisses him softly. Allows John to tuck himself against Sherlock's side, shoulder as pillow, places his wrist so John can examine the new mark, fingertips examining the crimson print of his palm on Sherlock's pale skin. When John is satisfied, Sherlock draws John's wrist up, explores the matching imprint of his long fingers with touch and a kiss.
John stands beside the bed like a compelling statue (an Egyptian god in brown quartzite, a Roman general on a triumphal arch), holding Sherlock's riding crop.
"We're not having this conversation in the middle of the road. The house is up this way. Give me your pack and come on."
Still, he responds to John's smothered smile with crinkles at the corner of his eyes, amused but approving, perplexed but patient, even as he holds up his credit card in two fingers and waits.
heart.
And why? Because John acknowledged Sherlock's human frailty on his blog? Because he has an opinion about Sherlock lying to his brother? Because being amazed by his brilliance doesn't stop John calling Sherlock on his insensitive behaviour?
But house or hald,
. Sherlock shakes his head, eyes fixed on a point beyond John's right sleeve (Fusiliers sweatshirt, a form of armour; frayed at the neck). Rewind, retreat.
." There was a flicker in his eyes, anger and hurt from then and now, and Mary could hear the accusation: You'd have seen through her earlier, if you'd
But do new marks fail to appear because a relationship is disintegrating? Or do relationships disintegrate in the stress of waiting for a flare of proof that never arrives? Not an experiment he cares to undertake with his own bond.
John's fist had tightened around his forgotten phone until it bit into his hand, until he slid phone into pocket. With clenched teeth, he pivoted, ever so slightly, to face her. To place his shoulder, ever so subtly, closer to Sherlock's.
is more important than how he's doing it.
When Sherlock whips out of the chair to snap at Mrs Hudson, still caught up in his own personal whirlwind, John sits down heavily at the desk. Nominally, he's watching for the website to finish locating the dead woman's phone, but really he needs to turn his back on the sitting room and kitchen, too many people, too many red strands stretching across each other in a chaotic tangle. Lestrade pulls back as well, and for a brief moment John's world goes back to an approximation of normal — his leg even aches a little, after their lunatic chase through the streets of London.
John shook his head, lips thin and eyes stony.
, and thought I
, the bond says through vein and artery, synapse and receptor.
John pinches his lower lip, using the pain to focus his mind, searching tensely for more glimpses of that disconcerting flash he'd seen near Sherlock's hand.
He chokes the words off, perhaps before his thinning voice can betray him any further.
John makes one of his uncategorizable noises and rolls to his back, following. His fingers close around the underside of Sherlock's wrist, the heels of their hands just touching.
"No," Sherlock said softly.
Mentally she flipped her own lens on everything, re-evaluating events with
Close to two in the morning, and they need to head home soon. The dim sum
Accelerated breathing and heart rate and if he doesn't get a grip
"No one."
He drags his nails back against John's cheek, the rim of his ear, into his hair, cups the nape of his neck; the full subtext already there in his mind, in his eyes, but for once no ready words fall to his tongue.
Gang aft agley,
Mary had to pivot slightly to follow his gaze.
Sherlock keeps coming back to it; CID's data is useless, Crown's better, Interpol's voluminous and it's a rush, slotting everything into matching columns — ships and planes, ports and airports, trucking companies, borders, tunnels, times, dates, average cargo volume: fractal patterns of normal behaviour, and the
"Where is it?"
, and Sherlock stacks and shifts the piles hastily to the top of his chest of drawers. Behind him, decisive motion sweeps everything else onto the floor, a cacophony of thud (croquet ball) and crunch (jewel cases) and slither (police coat) and then (don't let the receipts slip behind...) — a short, brisk movement and stillness.
Sherlock closed his eyes briefly, then scraped together the mettle to look up, and even if she hadn't been ninety percent certain already, she would have known in that moment how hopelessly in love Sherlock was with John.
An unwelcome man — familiar, if somewhat heavier and somewhat more bald — sits in the patient's chair in front of his desk. John is gratified that after all this time his reaction is so restrained: an ordinary blink, a slightly tighter grip on his cup with a hand gone perfectly steady, though he's sure if he were to take his own pulse the rate would be pushing a hundred. He supposes he should be grateful Mycroft waited until the end of his day, when there are no more patients on the books, to show himself.
He stroked a finger along the top of the glass case with his mounted pipistrelle bat. "We have an excellent partnership, and I know from experience that your qualities are difficult to find at all, much less combined in one person. If we were to let temptation draw us into quagmires that might pull us apart—"
His manic self-distraction drained away like the blood from her face, replaced by singular wide-eyed focus: he stood, still as marble, staring at every part of her at once.
Enough.
"How can I help? I want to help."
"Dim sum," (
Their pulses in thumbs and fingertips, in wrists, universal and simultaneous.
... Oh. Stupid.
"You're not news anymore; I suspect, much as this will dent your ego, you're largely forgotten except by those you helped. And every one of
And then John's tread crosses from grass onto gravel, and the man's head snaps up and
John's eyes followed the line of the pointing gun, raked her up and down (searching for blood, for injury, for weapons, for reasons), then snapped back to Sherlock. Mary gripped the edge of the kitchen door, preparing to rise.
And realized her mistake even as she pushed hard with her foot to get her whole body behind the cover of the bare wall behind the pocket for the sliding door: she'd have done better to set the soup down slow, rise up with hands raised. Or to freeze altogether. Like she'd never seen a gun.
a war to be fought, here in London. Because he's already chosen his side.
brother, anyway; however childish the Holmes spats are, or however mulish his own, they won't end in murder. He looks down at his hands.
But this situation is too complicated, and he isn't dealing with someone he can cajole back into bed, he's dealing with
But if John doesn't follow through
John pulls away. "Don't."
. It was poorly thought-out and hellish and
, they silently affirm.
She crouched, set the soup container level on the floor and let go of the bag (because a plastic bag full of soup was a terrible weapon, because soup on the floor would be a slick hazard in a fight, because he'd asked for soup and he obviously
They would have to exhume everything, face up to their unquiet dead.
Sherlock is right: Jennifer Wilson had a string of lovers that had left her fallen Entanglement frayed nearly to the point of breaking. But John's not about to mention what he sees to anyone, and Sherlock abruptly tears off down the stairs shouting about the woman's hair, lipstick, shoes, and...
"Yes. I was prepared to do anything necessary. Anything at all."
John sets the crop aside and leans over Sherlock on the bed. He draws light fingers down slowly between his brows, counting on unconscious reflexes to pull his eyelids down. When John takes his hand away, Sherlock's eyes remain closed. Protecting Sherlock from getting chilled wins the debate over leaving the painful welts bare; John tugs the duvet upward, settles it over him as gently as he can, then strokes Sherlock's hair until his breathing finishes settling into the rhythms of sleep.
"Don't," she said sharply. "Don't give me any sort of rubbish, supposedly 'rational' reason I'm mistaken. Sentiment isn't your area, Sherlock, and it often isn't John's either. But it is mine. He loves you, and he misses you. You love him, and you miss him. Denial is causing you both to do idiotic things.
Far too slowly, he turned back to face her, pale eyes asking her to ignore the wayward tear that had spilled down one unshaven cheek. His eyes flickered, but he couldn't seem to look at John.
kitchen now, he supposes. Outside, Sherlock gets into the cab, disappearing without a word, and John starts a new GPS search on the website and then the Met are gone too and there is
He considers and dismisses the idea of settling on the bed — too much chance of waking Sherlock, too many questions John isn't sure he's able to answer. Too much respect for
Anything but direct. And the tone of his voice says
Sherlock's attention was divided, part of him unhappily giving John a minuscule shake of the head, insisting on upending John's reality once again. But his gaze remained on her, observing her unfolding reactions.
The words lunge out of the darkness at Sherlock, snarling in his face, and he flinches, makes a noise. The words run in packs
"Must you be difficult, John?" Mycroft closes his eyes, answers his own question with a murmured, "yes, of course.
little reverie is going to be beyond even Sherlock Holmes.
An increase in the warmth of John's skin beneath his hand, of John's hand against his skin. No more warning than that before a shimmer spirals up his spine. Different, from the first time, and yet the same subtle power locking their grips in place. John's eyes wide and round, surprise and pleasure and, yes, relief — his own eyes must reflect the same.
And I could hear
The only good thing, he supposes, is Sherlock hasn't been
"I — waiting for you to wake up." John's posture is stiff, the words clipped, as though his presence in Sherlock's private space ought to be considered the most natural thing in the world.
Sherlock presses the napkin hard against his mouth, eyes closed and face turned aside.
She took a deep breath, and joined him for the final lines.
"Turn around," John instructs, before his composure has a chance to crack. He tests the spring of the crop, sending it hissing through the air.
do. And we'll come up with something."
John considers his answer while rummaging in a drawer for a wooden spoon, then stirring the sauce slowly.
Warmth rose under my skin, a small russet epiphany — he thought he was caught between losing the man he wanted to be and losing
you been? "
"On the bed," he finally instructs, voice gruff, no longer expecting resistance.
. You bring life to everything you do. You brought
Black Lotus, needs to check how long Moriarty's had connections with China, if it goes back as far as Carl Powers... Stop. Back. Cargo volume. Seasonal fluctuations. Correlate with weather. Filter again. The piece he needs is here somewhere, he knows it is.
Teacup settling in sink.
"It's not
"A fall from grace," he said, rough and quiet. After all his hard work, admitting to himself that he might
Sherlock braces his hands before pushing himself up, and John guides him around the corner of the table. His hand grips John's shoulder hard for support, and John looks up into his face, worried; Sherlock shakes his head, apparently accompanying some apology he's not able to verbalise.
thought was safe enough.
And she wanted to watch them work together, so different from she and John at the clinic. So bright, Sherlock's light and John's focusing lens.
"To test your pressure points." The picture on the left: Mary leaning too close to the bonfire for her own safety, wide eyes showing her terror.
At which point, the situation clicks for John.
His whole body tenses at that particular memory, fingers tightening on Sherlock's wrist, and Sherlock glares at John, that imperious face like gaunt marble — except for the narrow, vulnerable gap between his lips, barely letting his ragged breath escape. The all-too-familiar defensive anger of the addict right there, on the tip of his tongue, and yet he says...nothing. Is held in check somehow by the flat voice of the desert, the grip compressing his radius and ulna.
"Breathe," he says, still stroking. "Swallow. Up."
doubt that's the problem!" The words sting; John's chin drops and he paces back to the casement window.
"Sherlock, where is Mary?" She knew his tone of voice (the dangerous doctor's calm in the face of
, to put everything to rights, because he knows he's the only one who can—
"No, don't," John says, hand tightening again and his own pulse racing along with Sherlock's under his fingertips. "
. Except he hadn't, precisely, not until Mycroft had shown up. "Well. I guessed, anyway. I hoped. Tea?"
"Then you know. That's not how it works. You stay. You stand. You fight."
type than—
John takes a long, deep breath, and sets the folded poem down carefully on the tea tray, freeing his hands to manage boiling water and soothing scents; ignoring the threatening damp at the corners of his own eyes.
His eyes flickered open, seeking confirmation that we were anticipating the same journey through these woods, then lit with a half-voiced laugh; fingers searching beneath my shirt as well.
"Christ.
"That's why the wall took a pounding..." John and Sherlock are equally bad about missing the excitement of the war, in between cases. They've only just finished wrapping up the thing with the Black Lotus, but for all the physical danger they'd faced John's not sure the case was much of an intellectual challenge for Sherlock; he ought to be pouncing on the chance to look at something new.
"No."
"Slow down a bit, will you? I need to catch up with what you've found." Narrowed eyes flicker coldly toward him, but he doesn't need a nod to read the way Sherlock shifts gears from analysis to distillation, and a knot in his chest he hadn't been aware of loosens: John is part of the hunt again. He tugs the chair close to the bed, pulls the stack of big envelopes onto his lap, points at one pile discrete from the rest. "Is all this related?"
I raised an eyebrow — it wouldn't do to laugh — and Sherlock rolled his eyes. I knew what I was doing, could see Sherlock himself was more amused than annoyed — the set of his shoulders, the faint crinkling of his nose.
Sherlock pivots instantly, starts to reach down for the laptop on the chair. "John, good, listen—"
Sherlock opens his mouth, pauses, draws a deeper breath, pauses, storms ahead. "You knew I was difficult, I'm always going to be difficult, I don't want to be difficult for you but I am. But I am
"Shut up!" Sherlock barked, hands coming to cradle his bowed head. John turned so he could see Mary, still gripping Sherlock's wrist. "Shut up, just — just. I need to think."
"I manipulate you all the time. You manipulate
"You thought John needed you, or you needed John?" Mary asked, keeping her voice soft. She stroked her thumb over Sherlock's.
"You drink that. I'm going to get some boxes and things to help us organise all this." Sherlock lifts his head and blinks at him; the slow rise and fall of his lids at odds with the swift scan covering John top to toe and back again. His shoulders slump a bit, though John isn't certain whether he should read it as relief or weariness. Or a winning — or losing — move in the battle against the merciless cravings for intravenous cocaine, for that matter.
"John...Watson, hi," he says, and he can't stand more than a quick glance at Jim-from-IT, wreathed with shadows, and blurs, and momentary flashes of red and gilt when his hand comes out from behind Molly's back...
Sherlock staggers to his feet, and John checks the urge to reach for him. Suppresses the chill slicing through his insides: mortification that he may have crossed a half-dozen lines with one giant misstep, apprehension that he might have cocked up everything that makes this discordant harmony of theirs work.
John swallows, glances up, and then looks down again quickly, catching the question back. Sherlock's eyelids are drooping; he's right on the edge of sleep, hand tucked under the pillow beneath his cheek, undoubtedly atop the weapon he'd reached for on waking. John takes his time labelling the last couple of bags while Sherlock's breathing deepens. When John's sure Sherlock is out, he quietly carries everything back to the box on the other side of the bed, leaving nothing but clean floor for Sherlock to see when he wakes. There are a few more bits and bobs to sort near the wardrobe and under the bed, but they can wait.
Sherlock blows out an exasperated breath. "Interfering again?"
. You manipulated me, rather than trusting you could say 'I need you to be my guinea pig, for the case.'"
John sighs and scrubs a hand over his own face. "So where
John shakes his head, steps back from the doorway — foresight regarding Sherlock's actions if he doesn't, combined with consideration for those who are slumbering (Lestrade sleeping it off in room four, the fisherman's mother in three). John paces back to the window, left index finger jittering over the ashen mark on his thumb, and Sherlock's eyes narrow. The duvet and John's pyjamas (the laurel-green flannel ones, sublimely soft to the fingertips) are rumpled, but he shows no sign that he's slept, nor that he can be coaxed back into the bed, platonically or otherwise.
She tapped the screen alive again, showed him the message.
Mary gave John a dismayed look and carefully came out into the sitting room just far enough to pick up the soup. Her face, her chest, both felt numb. She leaned one hand on the door to the landing, and held the bag out at her arm's length; a peace offering, an apology. A goodbye, if it came to that. This was a life it would devastate her to lose, not one from which she could just cut her losses, cut and run. But she dreaded she would be asked — or told — to leave.
"Mary's right.
Sherlock keeps surprising him, for good and ill.
John folded his arms and then unfolded them. His upper lip sucked in, slightly, and he pursed his lips again, watching them both. Finally, with both Mary and Sherlock looking up at him, he reached up and scratched his temple, clearing his throat.
The suggestion works better than John had hoped; Sherlock stretches out on his side at the edge of the bed where he can point at one significant item after another. The papers had been neutral — John has to force a more clinical mindset to stop himself recoiling from things like the pallid earbud, identical to the one Moriarty had inserted so repulsively into his ear canal.
"I want to tell him...the truth. The basics of my story. My real story," she said, and looked down, away from the betrayal in John's eyes as her confirmation extinguished any doubt. "All the details later, if he wants them. And you can vouch for or contradict everything I say. Please."
John drew his heels together again, straightened up and looked at each of them in turn.
A twitch that might be meant as a smile, lost almost immediately. But John does step over to him, accepts the cup and, watching Sherlock's face, takes a sip. Rather than watch him obsessively in return, which can raise John's hackles at the best of times, he pours another cup for himself. A little late to make a show of tasting for his wary king, but he doesn't think a small demonstration of good faith will go astray. And some of the tension does go out of John's frame when Sherlock takes his own swallow.
So many things he'd done to me, from the very first night when he'd used my phone to text a serial killer, to dosing me with an unknown chemical before setting me up for new nightmares about big dogs and blinding lights because Afghanistan and the bloody pool weren't enough.
Shock jars loose a knot that rises just to the base of John's jaw. This is not — he doesn't — this is —
." His hand comes up to cover his mouth too late to prevent the exclamation. Too many conflicting desires, including the sudden unexpected impulse to bolt back the way he'd come, lock himself in his office until this bout of madness — has to be madness, we
John sighs, wondering why he's even
anymore."
"And you didn't believe it either." Sherlock's shoulders are rolled in toward his chest; running his fingers into his hairline has left his ginger crop even more unruly.
"If I do, it's because you often don't leave me a whole lot of bloody choice." A harsh whisper, barely restrained. "And 'eliciting desired behaviour' when we both know what I'm doing is different from
But then, certain elements between them have been going wrong far longer than that.
Not that it matters. When he reaches the landing, Sherlock is already bent over the laptop at the kitchen table and sending his first search results to the printer. He doesn't even glance at John.
doesn't care how Sherlock knows. He stops in the kitchen long enough to pour himself a glass of water, then heads upstairs. Removes the pill bottle from his sock drawer and stares at the label — seeing only flashbacks of inexplicable red. John has been so sure, since the evening with the dim sum, that Sherlock is like him, isn't bound to anybody; he's been selfishly reassured every time he watches that bare left hand pointing at evidence, gesticulating in explanation...
look at me." John stood in front of Sherlock's chair; close enough he and Mary could join hands while Mary kept hold of Sherlock's. Almost close enough to take Sherlock's free hand.
Usually, the difficulty of balancing the man's unique approach to the world and his callous abrasiveness is worth the effort. Today, it's a near thing. In spite of the high-stakes commotion of the last few hours — the bomb, the phone, Lestrade, the crying woman, the shoes — the row that's been simmering between them since last night still bubbles just beneath the surface.
I took to my feet, telling him so with my steady gaze. Glanced at my kit and out the door before looking back at him. Reminding him I hadn't been forced to follow him across that threshold; if I'd intended to leave, nothing would have stopped me going upstairs to pack.
Sherlock whispered, "He needs you, Mary. Stay with him."
John's lips twist, the double-entendre as unwelcome as it was inadvertent. He finishes the water and comes closer to set the cup down, a faint hint of the forgotten limp hitching his stride. Sherlock frowns again, searching the telltale tilt of pelvis and shoulders for other signs of resurrected pain.
"She's my
A shiver courses through John, something dark and unnameable settling at the base of his spine. He reaches with measuring fingertips to feel the thin skin over Sherlock's scapula, considering likely angles, how many years it's been since he's done anything like this. Checks himself for lingering anger or fright.
John crosses his arms over the hollow ache in his chest, the folded paper safeguarded beneath his palm. "You didn't."
perfect
John turns around; spots the cane atop some of Sherlock's boxes behind the laptop, and steps over. Still not ready to think about that disconcerting feeling somewhere around his sternum  —
For the first time in a very long while, he's eager to know what the rest of the night might bring.
"You don't get to say that to me again," John snarled coldly, taking two swift strides toward Sherlock, who took a step closer to Mary, ending up in the empty space where the red chair had once been. John stopped in his tracks, making a triangle of tension between them.
Rubbing at the back of his neck, John looks again at Sherlock, stretched out on top of the duvet like a fetishist's version of Snow White: red welts against pale skin caressed by black curls. Though he
"Fresh air, just popping outside for a moment, won't be long," his voice floats back from the doorway.
John absently rubs his thumb over the marks before letting Sherlock's sleeve fall back into place.
. Leaving John to make his slow way out of the building, trying to stay out of the way of the police.
And...Janine.
Sherlock's work is done, for now. Despite the hard row John knows lies ahead for forgiveness, to rebuild trust, they are
"For there is none of you so mean and base, that hath not noble lustre in your
Sherlock blinks repeatedly, but makes no sound.
Smuggling, such a promising angle.
, whatever that might turn out to mean. And quite possibly barking mad.
to comprehend.
The second time he whips around and startles Karen into a squeak, John realises how much on edge he's been in the two days since Mycroft's visit; starting at shadows and sudden noises and just generally being a jumpy bastard.
Sherlock turns dramatically on the step before dropping his bombshell.
"Anything else pager-related?" Sherlock holds a second biscuit between his teeth while his fingers comb the rest of his pile but he's already shaking his head. John tucks the papers in and drops the envelope into the box unsealed.
. She was confident she could convince them both they
John Watson realizes, when he glances up to her face, that Sergeant Donovan thought he was looking at her knees, too. Really, though, he'd glanced at her left pinkie, the one that bears the Entanglement that ties every soul to its mate, found or unfound, no matter how far away they might be.
flowed back into gray-shot blue-green frustration in my throat when Sherlock squirmed away from my touch, pressing back into the upholstery.
"I know." I pushed the words past the hot blue feeling in my throat. "Just the one."
His mouth tightened, sealing back the rest of what he had to say; Mary could guess the sentiment if not the substance.
"What for? This hospital is full of people dying,
So hard to read Sherlock's empty tone, to guess at whether his 'old resentments' against his brother have been mellowed with need, or pulled painfully tight like the ones John has borne since his last conversation with Mycroft, before the fall.
John shifts his weight toward the back of his feet, and Sherlock grips a little tighter, lips parted around vital words that still won't come: to offer, to ask, to
John drops his hand from his face with terrible finality, and his eyes are empty of all but the world-weary deadness they'd carried the day their worlds collided at Barts. Icy fear shakes Sherlock to the bone, the same buffeting, bewildering fear that gripped him in front of the fireplace, made him gulp Scotch from trembling crystal in a trembling hand.
Mary didn't try to stop her own tears from falling; instead she held out one hand to John. He took a step toward them, but Sherlock remained limp in the chair. She and John both paused and shared an alarmed look.
The small, sane voice in the back of his mind makes one last-ditch attempt to tell him the very idea should be taken out into an alley and shot.
. A cocaine relapse. Close to thirty hours without food. Longer than that without real sleep.
Mary Watson felt her husband John jerk awake, the motion hard enough to shake their shared bed and draw his hand from beneath hers. Nightmare, again; she rolled over and gripped his thigh just above his knee. Waited for him to speak so she was sure he had woken. They didn't talk about the dreams much — his or hers — but he'd told her once that a solid grip, a grounding contact, helped him re-orient. One simple thing she could do to ease their very complicated lives.
"'Friends protect people,'" Sherlock says finally, and hearing his own words, the last angry thing he said to Sherlock's face before they were separated by the four-story gulf of that terrible final act, is excruciating.
starting to drain away, leaving Sherlock slumped over the back of the chair, spine and shoulders curved beneath streaks of reddened skin; the pose defuses John's frustration, leaving behind a complicated urge to slide hands up Sherlock's biceps, curl reassuring arms around him, coax him to eat something but —
Sherlock closed his eyes, folded his arms across his chest.
As if they were still working cases together, as if Sherlock had some right to John's time, as if asking someone to fetch soup across London was rational in the first place...
"What are you now?" John's question was quiet, but still silenced Sherlock's next biting interrogation. They both looked at her. She looked only at John.
John rises slowly (trainers off, knees creaking) and sets the book down. Sherlock tries to rein in his ragged breathing. He's strung tight as a piano wire anticipating the fall of the hammer, eyes darting around a room gone foreign: his carefully constructed mess disrupted, disordered, shaken to bits. The fiery pain across his back and arse attaches itself to John, bits of the day (cocaine, confrontation, command) falling into place in his memory but leading up to a black abyss.
"A home to go to."
, Royal China Club, night before last), Sherlock murmurs automatically, far more interested in reasoning out why none of John's girlfriends seem the
But he needs to stay where he can watch over Sherlock. Aside from the big bed the room is light on furniture but John's fairly sure the mound of detritus next to the wardrobe hides the kidnapped kitchen chair for which he'd never quite gotten around to arranging a search party. With a sigh and more care than he'd shown earlier, John clears more evidence of Sherlock's frenetic obsession and shifts the chair nearer the bed. Unsure how long Sherlock will sleep, John tugs the least intimidating book off of the shelves, and sits down with it on his lap.
. Sherlock swallows roughly, trying to moisten dry tongue and throat.
Both hands in bronze-fine hair, Sherlock holds John's gaze, shifts their weight until their feet step in tandem toward the bed until calf touches bedframe and John's ready (situational awareness, lower centre of gravity) to be eased down onto the sheets.
like the chance to love you, too."
Sherlock's eyes were closed again; I ignored the implicit 'do not disturb', reached out to take one slender wrist,  and watched his eyes open in consternation. Settled my fingers on the ulnar artery, appreciated the accelerating throb transmitted from Sherlock's heart, lifted his hand.
"Moriarty has won, John. And I am lost."
"Oh, Sherlock," she said through a sob. John had mentioned his carelessness with firearms but she'd thought he was exaggerating. "Don't do that."
John takes his hand back as sharply as he'd given it.
Even so, they don't need long to gather bags full of "M's background," and "M's wardrobe", and "Jim from IT", while tossing all the "irrelevants" — like the croquet ball — into Sherlock's laundry basket.
— life in the suburbs. Maybe even raise a child."
in the low murmur, feel tiny silver needles piercing my insides. I didn't stifle my sigh nor the almost-shake of my head; tilted my neck back so I could stare at the ceiling.
Sherlock says with his eyebrow. Aloud, he agrees. "No. But we might as well be unable to sleep together, yes?"
Sherlock's skin contracts with a muted ripple of pain and dismay, and he turns his head away, ear and temple lying against his folded arms. John's taken the time to prove to him, scientifically, that he needs to eat more often than he does, but it slows him down in more ways than one and he's simply had no appetite
"She—" John started. But his eyes tracked where she was, where her hands were, back across the floor. Mary felt herself tense further when his eyes caught, and hung, on the takeaway bag with Sherlock's soup. Upright. Unspilled.
"Then imitate the action of the tiger, stiffen the sinews, summon up the blood! Disguise — disguise fair nature with hard-favoured rage!"
And then the moment and the boundary and the space between us collapsed, his fingers sliding along my jaw to grip the back of my head, mouth upon mine, amber flare burning through to thunderous gold. I set my free hand on his side beneath his coat again, reaching up and leaning in.
, was someone who trusted me who I could trust in return. Was I the only person you didn't tell because you were afraid your clever plot would end up on the bloody
Sherlock might have surrendered to the hard tone, to John's grip on his wrist. John might remember the calming aftereffects of a good thrashing all too well from late nights with an adventurous girlfriend in med school. The crop on his floor might be suggestive. But this is
And now the loathsome blackmailer Magnussen was threatening to expose her own betrayals. After a winter and spring of denying everything he felt about the lost friendship, amidst the real joys of preparing for their summer wedding, the fragile veneer over
"You're ready to bolt out that door — if it's because you've pissed me off, then you damn well better stay and fight that out. But if you're like him… if you're taking off to lead the danger away from me, take your private fucking battle off somewhere to fight it on your own, then…"
," he snarled.
He picks up the cane as if it can help him find his way through the fog of weariness and confusion, but the computer beeps and John pulls to a halt, sole scraping across the floor.
"I did," Mary said. "I do."
Elongated seconds stretching around him, John waiting with red-edged eyes and familiar patience for the whirlwind of thoughts behind Sherlock's flickering gaze to settle.
grumble about Anderson's slow translation skills.
Though Sherlock hasn't found Moriarty yet, it obviously isn't for lack of massive, concentrated effort. John licks his lower lip, realising the things in this room are only the core of Sherlock's investigation; no telling how much farther he's cast his nets, given the incomprehensibles spread through the rest of their living space.
He pours a splash of olive oil in the water and adds the pasta, uses the spoon to break it up.
, he'd said, and Lestrade had replied
He straightens his spine.
rather than what he'd
"I see you stand like greyhounds in the slips, straining upon the start. The game's afoot: follow your spirit, and upon this charge, cry — "
He sets the tray down on the table, draws the second chair around and sets a mug in front of each of them.
Not an option, now.
John. A crop.
"Sherlock," Mary said, and then sighed, looking at John and the tight bunch of his eyebrows and shoulders. "He's not wrong, love."
Sherlock presses the heels of his hands against his eyes, fingers digging into his hairline.
A piece of paper falling to the floor. It's always some small, stupid noise that wakes him, Sherlock thinks sullenly, and once he's awake there's no going back. Especially now.
"Sherlock."
Sighing harshly, John pushes Sherlock toward the bed.
, whatever shape that took. The things Sherlock wasn't about to admit he wanted, either, with or without the brink he'd teetered on, there at the kitchen door.
"She is not who you think. She — she..." Sherlock's voice faltered, his eyes flicking ever so briefly back and forth; he did not let his focus stray or his aim waver, but Mary could see he wanted to look around at his web of connections, his chaotic tangle, find the simplest answer to convince John Sherlock wasn't off his nut, hallucinating, or wrapped in the paranoia of drugs and not deductions.
." Sherlock catches himself, drags his hands away from his eyes and lets them fall from his face. He curls both palms around the warmth of the mug but doesn't look up. "I hoped you would. I knew Mycroft would, if you passed it on to him. I had to trust that the two of you would know best when to share it with the others, if they hadn't worked it out themselves." He presses his thumb against the rim of the mug until the tip blanches white.
Sherlock's breathing fast, but not so loud as to drown out traffic outside (cabs, an Aston Martin), and John's watching too close, disquieted. Stop. Shut down, emotion only interferes, too much—
He stands slowly, this strange ginger scarecrow of Sherlock, staring at John as if afraid to blink, before taking slow, deliberate steps forward.
the papers contacted insisted that you couldn't be a fake."
He just needs to make one stop first.
But their marks are faded, fading, nearly gone, and Sherlock hasn't stopped loving John.
Now thou's turned out, for a' thy trouble,
from what he'd felt (never wants to feel again) standing over The Woman's body on a slab....
— odds on he's never...
Sherlock doesn't fool himself that he's banished John's trust issues or frustration just by surprising him — but by changing the landscape so drastically, he's at least brought John back to his most stunning strength: the blank page, the willingness to cooperate without yet understanding, the flexibility to wait and see where Sherlock will take him now they've veered off the beaten (broken) path.
at me, Sherlock, because that's all the reassurance I've got for you right now."
"Soup," she said, because Sherlock had asked for soup and he obviously
"It's a disguise," he pouts, stripping off the offending garment.
I held Sherlock's gaze and released his wrist.
decide what needs doing, you fuck off and do it, and to
Sherlock lifts slow hands to the knot at his waist, unties the gown, and drops it off his bare shoulders. He's wearing only thin pyjama trousers underneath, hanging loosely around his hips.
I held my fingertips still, light against his cheek.
Sherlock inhaled raggedly.  "You — it doesn't fit, John, she doesn't
He doesn't resist the urge to trace a finger down the mark, to feel the heat of the blood beneath the skin. Satisfaction — calm, rational satisfaction, that he judged the force correctly, he lies to himself — flows warm and sleek through his muscles. John strikes again, and again; energised, he envisions a narrow slanted lattice down Sherlock's back from shoulder to just above his hip, and wills it into reality stroke by stroke by stroke.
"Sherlock?" John, halfway to his feet, reaches across the small table to touch his bicep.
is the word that comes to him and it fits, he's doorless, exposed. One desolate breath. "I can't — thinking, words, I can't stop..."
"Look. Drugging my coffee, Ms Adler, Moriarty, the bloody
But they've no idea where she is, nor how to find her, and Sherlock is barely listening to him.
Taut with nerves, John watches the dark head bent over the microscope; there's something he recognises in the way Sherlock shuts out the world and the ticking clock to focus on the task in front of him, but John can't stop himself pacing and wondering aloud, imagination all too good at filling in the unknowns around the terrified voice at the other end of the phone. He hates waiting for intel, wants the order to
In proving foresight may be vain:
Battle calls.
Sherlock eyes him suspiciously; John focuses on projecting 'doctor' above all else. On wanting Sherlock to rehydrate, to sit down before he falls down, on wanting to have an entirely clinical look at his back. After an encounter like this, John always needs to inspect — half healer's instinct and half devilish pride in his handiwork — and if he were dealing with someone else, John might be intimate and playful about it. Tease the injured skin, tease his partner, tease the possibility of more.
"I don't doubt
Sherlock's absolute attention steals John's breath away.
I reached up, touched his cheek, watched his eyes glimmer with calibrated calculations. Mind flickering over a thousand details, from the calluses on my fingers to whatever scents I might be carrying on my hands; weighing our entire history, from the unyielding argument we'd just had to whatever painful reasons drove him to embody the coolly logical superego.
She didn't want to be that person anymore at all, she didn't want to be that person in front of John. Even if she did let
"I wanted to send it to you."
His arms close around Sherlock's waist in a return embrace that should be tentative and is anything but. Sherlock doesn't
, the moment is going to pass them by.
John fixates on Sherlock's face, strained and pale in the heavily curtained room; more than half convinced he'll get a
Hiding
No, he's right about the connection, but wrong about the wife. Rather than the ratty snarl John would expect, Sally has
"Why?" Sherlock snaps, discomfited; the inside of his lip tastes faintly of dried blood. Caught in his teeth as the crop came down hard...
"Have I?"
), but his throat clenches all the same at the angry hurt in John's eyes. John straightens up with a grimace, pulling hard on the reins of his self-control. Brings his hand to his face and pinches at his temples with forefinger and thumb, dragging a hard breath in through his nose. Continues, voice more measured but body language still shouting.
— for no reason. It has to be a plot, a plot I missed, a plan, something set up by Mag-Magnussen."
Still, the
John trots down the stairs, smiles good morning to Mrs Hudson, Mr Chatterjee, and Mycroft's first camera on Baker Street, takes a brisk walk up to the park, and then pushes himself with a good hard run on the Outer Circle. He ignores protests from muscles that have gotten softer than he'd like, and he's still absurdly pleased that there's no sign of the limp returning. His head feels clearer than it has in ages.
Which is...exactly what Sherlock is saying.
Pressing his thumb against the knuckles curled tight under his palm, Sherlock stiffly picks his way around the chaos (necktie with subtle death's-head print, black webbing straps, fifteen-inch cable ties) on the floor — thoughts spilling back into familiar channels when bits of paper (handwriting in blue ink, notes on bomb wiring, four different interviews; faintly yellow receipt half-crumpled beneath chartreuse-banded pants) catch at his eye, forcing his gaze to the chest of drawers where he knows he set everything else...
at her.
John waits, holding that regard, until it strikes him what Sherlock must be looking for.
After about ten minutes, John steps out into the hallway with a towel around his hips, warm steam billowing from the doorway. As he makes his way toward his bedroom, he sees Sherlock’s cereal back on the stool, soggy and uneaten. Resigned, John ignores it and gets dressed in his work clothes. He pulls an extra pair of loose sweatpants and a spare t-shirt from the drawer and carries them out to the living room.
Sherlock closes his eyes and takes a deep breath.
“I mean, if they were a really bad person,” John backtracks.
"Low-grade, not too worrisome. I'm hoping this will sort itself out, yeah?"
“Hm. S’what happens.”
John gives them a watery smile. “Really? Doesn’t seem it from here. You two look marvelous together, like you were meant to be at each others’ sides. You look so…” he searches for the word, “comfortable with each other.”
He barely sees the clouds or the trees, or the happy couples walking by, not even the dogs on leads that he typically wants so desperately to pet.
As soon as the surgeon leaves the room, John throws the digital clock that’s sitting on the side-table at the wall. The fact that he can’t even use his dominant hand angers him even further.
“Well,” John says, thinking about the man’s vomiting, headache, and uneven pupils. “I’m pretty sure you have a concussion.”
The chills seem to have gone, but John will touch him for as long as being asked to.
John places his hand on the door knob. “I’m opening the door now,” he threatens.
He turns, not quite ready to believe what he knows he’ll see.
“Sherlock?” John says, his surprised evident in his voice.
Turning away, he goes to find a bag for the clothes.
Sherlock sighs as he takes his arm from John’s shoulders. “Yes, Mum.”
“Oh. I don’t think– hold on.”
“You won’t. The doctors said he’ll make a full recovery.”
“I don’t like this beard.”
"Why?"
Sherlock's eyes are closed, his face raised like a flower toward the sun. John looks his fill, and can't help but notice the minute changes from a week ago.
He runs. The stranger doesn't look back even when John is inches from him.
"Hm."
"Hm."
“J-John.”
Sherlock lets out a startled cry, not expecting the assault. He soon realises that John is carrying him, bridal style. John carries him through the door and onto one of the kitchen chairs. “Got you up.”
His chest is wracked with dry sobs, his lungs bringing in more air than he can let out.
, you and everyone else make fun of me for it. I am put down for trying to conform to what everyone wants me to be.” Sherlock looks down, suddenly tired. “John…I need your help understanding them. If you’ll have me.”
“I am
You’re not being very subtle!”
Leaning over his knees, he runs his hands through his hair and grips at the roots.
“Er...Anthea.”
John pushes the dressing gown sleeves out of the way before turning Sherlock’s arm underside up.
John’s gaze flickers to meet Sherlock’s before lowering to where he has Sherlock’s hand in his loose grasp, gently massaging the muscles.
John keeps his gaze turned toward the floor, trying to hide his no doubt red and blotchy face from view.
and an untitled piece by William Etty that John’s professor simply called
Sherlock squints his eyes open. “Are you really interested?”
Andrea.
He hears a small gasp, the body against his small and slight.
But it doesn't matter. He probably overdosed a long time ago.
John expected some dizziness and loss of balance, but he doesn’t like that Sherlock can barely do anything more than stand on his own.
“You know I’ve got a phone. You phoned me. Very clever and all that, with phoning the laundromat, but, uh, you could have just phoned me in the first place,” John says as he comes to stand in front of the man. He doesn’t know where the snark came from, because he doesn’t know who this person is and what he’s capable of if he gets pissed off.
“Better?”
Chewing on his chicken, John asks, “Safer than A&E? I could’ve been a murderer for all you knew.”
for, stands before him in trepidation, and it hurts Sherlock’s heart to see him anything but confident and sure.
"Thank you."
John stands, taking his med kit and putting back in the cabinet under the sink. Eyes, he needs to check his eyes next.
Sherlock’s eyes snap open and he scrambles away from John’s touch. John raises his hands in supplication.
“‘First do no harm,’” Sherlock quotes as waves his chopsticks in the air.
do it for once?
” The man asks again.
"Just!" John says a bit too loudly for the quiet of the hall. "Because it's a bit too hard to do this sitting down," he finally breathes, his voice cracking.
“It really couldn’t.”
"Mm."
Two more straggling customers come and order coffees to-go, minutes before Mike was to turn the ‘Open’ sign to ‘Closed.’
When she opens the door to 221b, she sees Sherlock laying on the sofa, his arm hanging off the edge, his knuckles just barely grazing the floor. He looks pitiful, and it pains her.
The man’s large hands shift over his abdomen, raise to cup his ears, and then move to cover his eyes.
John listens for movement, and after a moment he hears them. The rustle of the shower curtain, the soft pad of feet, the rasping of a towel.
“An enemy?”
“Hush.”
“I miss looking at your beautiful face.”
“Oh, dear lord, not this again,” Sherlock sighs.
“I regret to say, John Watson, that it is not a pleasure to meet you.”
“You insufferable bastard,” John says with a smile. He places a hand on the table top to brace himself, leaving over and giving a kiss to Sherlock’s lips, tilting Sherlock’s chin up with his forefinger and thumb.
Playing with the flesh in his mouth, John releases it. He immediately kisses and licks it better, adding to the already swollen and red lips. His hands glide up and down Sherlock’s naked sides, making him shiver.
John is stiff and uncomfortable next to him, but so is Sherlock. They need this, and Sherlock knows that. It won’t be fun, and it won’t be easy, but Sherlock knows that they can make it through this.
Sherlock clings to John without shame, whimpering at nearly every movement.
“I’m John.”
"Mr. Watson?"
“And what’s that?”
John ignores him as he retrieves the penlight from his bedroom.
“It’s not even 9 o’clock and you’re
Surprisingly, the man places his free arm in John’s outstretched hand, forearm up, vulnerable. John looks it over, observing the small scrapes from when he braced himself on the ground after John tackled him. They were shallow enough to not even have bled initially, but John takes care of them anyway, not wanting to risk the chance of infection. He notices small pock marks in the crook his elbows, both new and old. The skin is purple and bruised from repeated abuse.
“Nothing. Just a classmate.”
Once the room hazes into his sight, John notices the clammy feel of sweat on his skin, his pounding heart, and the sheets wrapped uncomfortably around his legs.
“Sherlock?” John ejaculates not without a touch of fear.
“That...was kind of amazing. How you knew all that.”
In the shower, the heat of the water soothes the cramps in his muscles from the uncomfortable sofa.
“...Okay, then. How old are you?”
“You know why I don’t like it!” His voice comes out louder than he intended, but now that he’s there, he can’t seem to lower it. “You’re killing yourself and you know it! A-and you won’t let me help you, you don’t seem to think you even
The man laughs again. “You’re very loyal. Very quickly.”
John closes the door with a click, muting the sound of the falling rain.
John hesitates, concerned he’ll cause more pain if he touches them.
John hesitates, his mouth opening slightly before closing again. He settles for a small nod.
His eyes are weary, and he looks so very sad.
John pushes open the laundromat door and strides across the sidewalk to the car.
Two beeps ring through John’s ears. He looks down again, to his mobile this time, and sees that Sherlock has hung up.
“Why’s that?”
“Anything else hurt besides your head?”
John groans. “Don’t make me think about it.”
More specifically, Jacopo Tintoretto’s
“In exchange for what?”
Folding and placing his newspaper onto the chair’s arm, John stands and walks towards his love, gently taking his hands away and placing a soft kiss to his knuckles.
Achingly slowly, they make their way to their destination. John sets Sherlock down on the tub’s edge, suddenly aware of what needs to happen next.
He doesn’t.
John focuses on Sherlock’s shoulders. He digs the heels of his palms into each deltoid, moving in concentric circles.
“Hm.”
Sherlock lugs himself upright, pushing the sleeves off his shoulders. He struggles to get them off past his elbows, trying to take both sleeves off at the same time with uncoordinated and tired muscles.
“Don’t be.”
“Alright,
Sherlock’s eyes blink open at him. “I’m not going to eat it.”
John stands there, staring at the wood, awkwardly waiting for a near-stranger to de-robe. And give him his clothes.
“Sorry, sorry.”
Sherlock cocks an eyebrow at him.
“I-I was leaving ballet practice, and-” Sherlock sniffs. “-and some guys from school saw me come out and-”
The junkie had pulled up the edge of John’s duvet sometime in the middle of the night, too exhausted to move his body underneath the sheets. He’s laying on his side facing away from the door, curled into a loose ball.
After a few moments, he stills. His knees are bent in weakness and his hands are holding bunches of John’s shirt, his breathing ragged and loud in the silent night.
“Help me get this ridiculous beard off.” And he says it with such finality that John can’t help but laugh.
“My pleasure,” Aziraphale responds with a smile of his own.
“Of course.”
They look good together, John can’t help but think.
But what he really means is, “Anything for you,” which may or may not also translate into some other significant three-word phrase. It’s only been a little over a week, after all.
Despite Sherlock laying on his front and hiding any physical evidence to the contrary, John knows that he feels the same. The air is thick, not with tension, but with their own personal bubble of solitude they are loathe to break.
“I love you, you know that,” John says before Sherlock can speak.
Sherlock stares at the picture he took without John’s knowledge for a moment or two before picking up.
"Sorry." John gives him a sympathetic smile.
“Sherlock, please answer, even if it’s to tell me to go away.”
The footsteps grow louder, stopping at his side. John screws his eyes shut and wishes the person to go away.
“Bed?” Sherlock gasps.
“He loves you, it’s plain as day. Your own love is blinding you.”
John smiles up at him, utterly besotted. And because he can’t keep his hands to himself any longer, he kisses his way up Sherlock’s pale throat. His mustache tickles Sherlock’s sensitive skin.
It’s uncoordinated and messy, and John pushes the stranger away.
When he comes home late at night, he shucks off his clothes and throws them in the ever-growing pile in the corner of the den.
“No, it’s fine.” John waves a hand, putting the plastic bag of Sherlock’s clothes in one of the lockers. “I didn’t get much sleep last night.”
They sit there in silence until the thermometer beeps. Sherlock obediently opens his mouth, John taking it and reading from the display.
sorry, Mrs. Hudson. I was distracted and I wasn’t even looking–”
“This is going to sting a little,” John warns.
"I thought I loved her. I really did. But then you came back and...," John shakes his head. "You messed everything up. But...she shot you, and I just can't forgive that. The woman I married was a persona. Mary Morstan isn't real. I fell in love with a ghost and even before today the woman I loved was long gone."
“You don’t seem very afraid.”
“You deserve the whole world, and I would give it to you if I could.” Sherlock doesn’t know how that slipped from his tongue, but it did, and he can’t take it back. He doesn’t want to. It’s the truth. He would do anything for John, and he wants John to know that.
As John recites the information, the junkie sighs and leans more into the pillows against his back, his eyes closed.
When Sherlock doesn’t come out or make a noise for a whole minute, John knocks again.
John is knocked off balance as whomever it was runs past him, the displaced air cold at his side.
This is, most definitely, a very bad idea.
“In the event of a head injury, it is imperative to keep the patient awake and aware,” John nearly quotes his textbook.
His heart rate stars to slow down. The fallacy of the attack making him feel hurt and deceived.
Unquestioningly, John whirls around until he spots the lighted front of the Thai restaurant in front of the ballet studio. He runs, pushing into the door and nearly falling flat onto the linoleum floor inside. He regains his balance, frantically searching his surrounds. All he can hear is his own heavy breathing. He doesn’t even register the waitress saying his name until she waves her hand in front of his face.
He spots an empty bench ahead of him and heads toward it, sighing as he sits.
“Do you know how many times I’ve almost lost him, Greg?” John’s voice. Wavering, breaking.
“…Yes.” John has never heard Sherlock sound more ashamed.
A life John had hoped Sherlock would want to spend with him.
“You're in no state to be on your own, you have a possible concussion and skull fracture.” Standing up, John offers a hand.
Poor John hasn’t gotten laid in quite some time. With work, and class, and studying, and homework, and class again he just hasn’t got the time. If this is the universe’s way of getting him off, then, well. Beggars can’t be choosers.
Sherlock’s eyes are closed. “I can't,” he whispers back after a moment, his voice full of pain.
And John doesn’t know if it’s for staying home, or for the massage, but he responds anyway.
John coughs out a laugh. “You could say that.”
at the man.
John wakes to his phone ringing.
After a moment, John breaks away and presses his forehead into Sherlock’s.
“...Cadavers…,” John hears Sherlock whisper, finishing his aborted sentence as John stands and runs some water from the faucet into a glass. On his way back, he snatches a box of tissues from the side table and hands them to Sherlock.
“Greg has a crime scene for you.”
“Hm?” John jerks upright. He's supposed to be manning the register, but no one has come into the café even fleetingly for the past hour.
He keeps messing up, his self-doubt, insecurity, and hesitance about his relationship with Sherlock making Sherlock feel neglected and unwanted, even when that is the last thing John ever wants him to feel.
” A sleek black car sidles up next to the kerb in front of the laundromat. “
“A bit.” Sherlock’s voice is a whisper, his head angled downward toward his lap.
so I took my anger out on you claiming that you broke a vow that was impossible to keep. I was wrong, and I am sorry. I am so, so sorry, Sherlock.”
“Whatever works.”
The junkie nods weakly.
“There. All done.”
“Piss off.”
“NO!” The junkie flails, raking his fingernails against anything he comes into contact with. His feeble swipes barely leave a mark on John’s skin. “Leave!”
John thinks, and pulls the stranger in by their shirt, snogging them.
His waking hours are filled with waves of adrenaline cresting and crashing, exhausting his energy. His nights are nothing but vague feelings of running away. Even in sleep he can’t rest.
John almost feels like crying.
“I’d love to.”
“What day is it?”
“I’ll kill them, I swear, for laying a single
Silence.
Sherlock stares right back at him, expressionless. John can’t seem to make himself look away, entrapped by those eyes, impossibly blue-green, until Sherlock blinks and looks back down into his bowl, gripping the spoon.
Sherlock kisses back with fervor. Everything is open and wet and not at all coordinated. He gets a mouthful of facial hair at some point but he doesn’t care. It’s a part of John and he loves John.
This one is always the early riser. Awoken with nary a cause, he’s always up at the smallest noise or change in environment. Unlike his lover, who could sleep through a tornado- that is, if he chose to sleep at all.
Sherlock stares in the middle distance, his eyes jumping over John’s armchair and back to his own.
Silence.
After an agonizing hour that was probably only minutes, Sherlock’s head flies up and towards John, his curls bouncing.
“Sherlock,” John says as he exits the bathroom and sits directly next to Sherlock. Sherlock looks startled at John’s closeness, his eyes widening and darting around the room. “Is there anything that you think you can keep down?” John finds Sherlock’s eyes and holds them, trying to convey to the man how important this is. “I’m afraid that you’ll faint in the shower. It’ll help if you eat something.” The packet of pills crinkle in John’s hand. “Don’t take a bath ‘cause I don’t want you to fall asleep and drown.”
Sherlock takes a deep breath and exhales. “No...no, I’m fine.”
He is definitely, completely and wholly, besotted with the ridiculous man currently sleeping in his bed.
“No.”
After another two weeks, John only feels resigned when he opens the door the door to his bedsit and finds it how he left it.
“No,” Sherlock says, drawing out the vowel. “I was just marveling at the massive stupidity of the general populace and what a common person can easily come to believe.”
It takes much longer than John would have liked to get Sherlock in bed and under the covers. But once he’s there, he looks infinitely relieved.
Without a word, John takes Sherlock’s elbow and guides him away from the door, wrapping an arm around his middle to steady him. Sherlock accepts the help, pouting the whole way to the sofa.
Sherlock hears John’s clothes rustle, turning towards Greg’s voice on the left side of Sherlock’s bed. John’s hold on Sherlock’s hand tightens.
John has nightmares whenever he sleeps.
"Tomato soup."
“Sleep now,” John whispers. “You need your rest.”
Looking over toward Sherlock, John sees that he’s staring down into his soggy weetabix. “Please eat some of that. You didn’t have anything last night.”
And every time, every single time, he has a childish hope that Sherlock has decided to come back. That he'll open the door and see Sherlock on the sofa, complaining about the lack of a telly, that John should've been back hours ago, and what were they having for dinner?
“Sherlock?”
“Sherlock? Alright in there?”
and whispering nonsensical platitudes.
“You’re being ridiculous.”
John lunges, grabbing the man around the middle and pulling. They tumble to the ground in a heap, the gravel of the sidewalk tearing into both of their skins.
“Why?”
John can only see Sherlock’s riot of curls and not a bit of his face, and the sight brings a small smile to his lips.
Not knowing exactly how to respond, John says instead, “Can you tell me who’s the Prime Minister?”
John places a hand on the man's shoulder. “Sit up, let me take a look at you.”
It looks like a scene from an action movie.
“And what do people normally say?”
“Yes.” He gives a small nod.
Patiently, John keeps his hands clasped around the man’s thin biceps and waits until he stops moving and loses his stamina.
John can't look away.
Sherlock’s nose scrunches up adorably, eyes still closed. “Nauseous.”
The response comes with heavy breathes. “No...hospital…”
John looks at Sherlock for a moment, at his tired face and shaking body. He feels protective, and tries not to examine why.
As John finishes up, he calls, “Budge up, that’s where I study and I need to catch up on my work.”
“A friend?”
He practically runs into the den and throws open his front door, hoping that Sherlock only stepped out for some fresh air.
The phone buzzes in his hand, an address to the body and its mystery.
“Greg…”
John crumbles weetabix into two bowls and pours in the milk, one for him and one for Sherlock. He doesn’t have a kitchen table to set them on—he usually just eats in the den—but he refuses to bring Sherlock’s breakfast to him. John may be caring by nature, but he draws the line at letting someone eat in his bed. He doesn’t want to clean soggy cereal off of his sheets.
He vaguely registers a presence at his side. Something steady and solid. A stationary rock in an ever moving stream.
Seconds after he sent the message, his mobile vibrates in his hand.
Noticing that he’s probably been looking for much longer than is decent, John takes a breath and stands. “I’m gonna go shower. Eat at least some of that, would you?”
John steps back inside, closes the door, and slides down the door until he’s sitting. He lets the tears come.
“I can’t use your razor without cutting myself,” Sherlock says, and John tells himself the rasp in his voice is from the smoke.
“I just told you.”
“Mmmm.”
They separate, but don’t go far. Curled against each other, they sleep.
His tremors are visible from the doorway.
“I don’t have one.” John replies, still not sure how a homeless junkie is related to the stately man in front of him. “I barely know him, I met him...yesterday.”
Was it the kiss that sent him away? That the idea of being with John
John tosses his keys on the kitchen counter and closes the door behind him with a soft click. Sherlock isn’t on the couch, nor smoking out the window. Must be in bed.
John gives the address of his bedsit before saying, “But I need to stop off at the laundromat first. I was in the middle of the wash cycle.”
