“Can I help you?” said an entirely too chirpy voice, John thought. He was feeling rather sorry for himself, not having slept well the past few nights since muff-gate. The voice in question belonged to a brittle looking woman of indeterminate age named Jan, (wonky name badge) with over-bleached hair and a wide, bright grin that didn’t quite reach her over-made-up eyes.
“Quite, and you would know
John lunged, and grabbed Sherlock around the waist, tipping them backwards off the bench into a drift of snow. Sherlock grunted and spluttered, splayed out on the ground beside him, snow in his hair and on his face, while John was half buried in a deeper pile, uncomfortably wet as it seeped under his coat.
Only the faint scent of expensive cologne remained to show he had ever been there.
“That was… god…that was…”
“ There’s nothing else to see here”, John continued, “you saw the crime scene photographs, although god knows how you pulled that one off, other than that D.I thinking the sun shines out of your arse”.
“My poor child, you sound half-starved, that settles it Sherlock, your friend simply must come back home with us for lunch. We can leave now, as soon as they bring the carriage round”
God no, not this again, less than two days apart and he already felt like one of the living dead.
his mother had called it, this incessant need to butt in and
“When you have quite finished devouring John could you please come and greet the rest of our guests Sherlock”
“Tell me…were you actually taking the piss about the sleeping arrangements, because I’ll be climbing the fucking walls after a week”.
Or maybe he was just a dirty little pervert.
He curled over onto his side to face him, and stretched out yawning. Sleep had eluded him last night, another annoying side-effect of no John in his bed, the level of co-dependency since the attack ramping up exponentially. His own weakness was a constant annoyance.
“You always want to break them…. so you’ll just have to suffer the consequences I guess”
Seriously, that would be a disaster, he thought, a black mark on his University record, and it could very well affect his chosen career. But would he go anyway? Fuck it, the answer would always be yes…because this was Sherlock for god’s sake, and John, the stupid idiot that he was, would follow him anywhere.
Not to have the opportunity to touch John again this morning had been disappointing. He looked even better naked in the daylight, Sherlock thought, his compact muscular frame, fuzzy blond chest hair, defined calves and thighs which would look even better wrapped around Sherlock’s back. Urgh! The inconveniences of a high sex drive! Sherlock was considering the possibility of a quick wank when his phone rang loudly.
Sherlock just scowled as he watched him melt back into the shadows and quickly jog away. The cheeky little shit.
And frustrated, did he mention frustrated, oh and not forgetting the fact he was a walking nerve-ending owing to the fact he would soon be on his way to dinner at Sherlock’s big posh house.
not going to think about the drugs in his gym bag, and getting high.
Sherlock smiled. He had never been so proud to call himself a Holmes as at that moment with his wonderful mother who defied convention at every turn.
“Sorry to spoil the big reunion lads, but there’s been a bit of trouble in town, an arson attack, and a possible murder… and we’ve all been called in…so get in the van… now”
John huffed into the back of his neck. But the hot puffs of breath only tickled and made him moan even more.
“Touch me, you have to touch me, please John,” I gasped.
Feeling calmer, he risked a glance back up at the stage. Sherlock’s attention was now directed elsewhere, over to the left, by the fire exit door. Two men stood deep in conversation and another lounged idly beside them, leaning against the metal frame, taking long leisurely pulls on his bottle of Stella as he took in the rest of the room. He looked to be about late twenties, tall, muscular with close-cropped hair and a tribal tattoo on his left arm, and didn’t look at all the type to be watching a band like this. John swallowed down a gulp of anxiety that he couldn’t pinpoint and followed the line of his vision back across the room. He was staring directly at Sherlock, with a look that could only be described as predatory, and to his horror, Sherlock was staring right back at him. The tall man tapped one of his friends on the shoulder and indicated to Sherlock on the stage, a lascivious grin on his face. He locked eyes with Sherlock, jerked his head towards the fire door and calmly pushed his way through, disappearing into the night air. John felt sick. Sherlock had leapt down from the stage, set ended, and was hurrying, not towards John, but to the exit, he was going to follow that guy.
“Come, leave him be,” I said, tugging impatiently at the sleeve of his coat. “Let us not forget our true purpose here, it is almost the appointed hour”.
“I beg your pardon?”
He was embarrassed, and defensive, John could see that, and he mentally kicked himself for being so bloody tactless. Yes, it was a chink in Sherlock’s impeccable armour, but that only served to make him more endearingly human and not some teenage super-wizard after all.
“Come back when you’ve worked it out”.
He sat on a bench in front of an all-night Tesco and shoved his hands between his legs to keep them warm, while he tried to think of a place where he could go and crash for the night. Someone pulled into the carpark beside him and he automatically put his head down, his heart slamming hard against his chest as the driver’s side window wound down.
The words tumbled out with barely a pause for breath. John turned to leave, thinking absently that it felt like a dismissal (there really wasn’t anything to add after that now was there?) as Sherlock typed out a text one-handed.
“You cannot deny where you have been, I can smell his cigarette smoke on your clothes, Marlboro light, smoked in front of an open window”.
Father sat in the study in a wing-back chair by the fire, smoking his pipe, looking up with a smile as his youngest son stepped inside the room. But he was not the one with whom father wished to speak.
‘You are mistaken sir, he is not for you, he is promised to another ‘
“Just look at the place”, she went on undeterred, “Come on Johnny boy, its heaving tonight, sexy little Uni students running wild and free, no longer under the watchful gaze of mummy and daddy with the first term’s student loan in their back pockets…pissed and gagging for it…wadda ya think?”
“And maybe next time, I’ll let you” because right now, he wouldn’t deny John a single damn thing, would do anything he asked, to reassure him that this was it, he was in it for the long haul. Sherlock roughly grasped the sides of John’s face and swept a hot insistent tongue into his mouth, pushing him back until the spray cascaded between them and John was pressed firmly against the slick tiled wall. He pulled away, panting slightly and half-hard. John held him around his waist and pressed his brow down onto Sherlock’s shoulder, breathing heavily through his nose. His voice came out thick and rasping as he slowly raised his head to look at Sherlock.
John pulled him back up, and fisted his t-shirt at the neck, breath coming out hard through his nose, teeth gritted and right arm drawn back. His good arm, the hand that hadn’t been strapped.
“What? No…there is no new boy Sherlock…it was only ever you”.
“By ‘
“Oh no Sherlock Holmes, don’t you fucking dare try and push me away” John growled, his voice a strange marriage of anger and fear. He had to say it now, he might never get this chance again. If he had only told him last night he would never have walked home alone or been attacked and Sherlock wouldn’t have bolted and gone home to get high and then….no, he didn’t want to think about what Sherlock had done after that, but he could have a pretty good guess…
However, I was orphaned and alone.
“Ah, awake at last master Sherlock? Your mama says to call you for breakfast and that you and she are going out this morning, so you’re to dress warm”
“Mores the pity you evil cow”
A good enough answer as far as John was concerned, as he noticed a door which he hoped was hiding an en-suite bathroom. He couldn’t have walked another step, so if it turned out to be a walk- in wardrobe he was fucked.
And twenty minutes later, they did.
Sherlock was as unreadable as ever and if John had to guess he would go for ‘bored’ or ‘unfazed’ as his eyes swept over the scene before them, taking in everything but reacting to nothing, at least as far as John could tell. This was so far away from Sherlock’s world of designer labels, private schools and dinner parties which probably cost more than a week’s wages to most of these people, so how could they possibly do this without attracting a whole lot of the wrong sort of attention?.
Sherlock hissed, aiming straight for John’s kink button with pinpoint accuracy – of being caught in the act, successfully reminding John who was really in control here, even from the bottom.
‘And is that what you will do?’ I said, my mind still fixating on the words of our esteemed landlord, as John sat by me on the bed and gave over the uncorked bottle into my hand, ‘get me roaring drunk and grease me up like a suckling pig afore you bugger me senseless?’
Two more messages
“We need to eat something on the way” he said, ignoring the eye roll he received in return “No, seriously Sherlock, you’ll be picking me up out of the gutter in an hour if I don’t line my stomach with something, I already feel a bit pissed”
“To hell with Mrs Turner and the bloody Chattergee’s” he snapped, “where is Martha Hudson?”
“We should crash the school Christmas dance”
The boy waved his hand imperiously in the general direction John had indicated and bent his head again, clicking his tongue in irritation as he continued to sort through the box that John strongly suspected didn’t belong to him. Well, who was he to judge, pissing in someone’s private bathroom, apparently boundaries were going to be crossed tonight whether he meant to or not.
But honestly, he would have preferred to see Sherlock alone, not in the middle of a rowdy group, because he would either retreat into himself or say something inappropriate and quite possibly rude that pissed people off. But his mother had forced his hand, and Sherlock would be pissed at him for making him feel like a tag-along.
Sherlock did look like a flyer with his long elegant limbs and a ramrod straight back, John conceded, and it might be a good way to get him to integrate more with the rest of his House.
Sherlock stayed silent. She needed to vent and he wanted to listen and so he waited while she smoked the cigarette down to the filter and lit another. Chain-smoking. At least they had that in common.
John squirmed slightly with embarrassment and uncertainty.
“Call her, she won’t answer and neither will he…if you leave right now you might catch them at it, she’s counting on you not getting home till around two”.
Sherlock looked blankly back, not because he didn’t know, it was just fun to wind John up from time to time.
“Were you trying to add hypothermia to the list of current injuries or are you just terminally stupid?”
“Just come here, now, you idiot”
It was a statement rather than a question. Greg grinned broadly.
“What shall we do?” John said.
“Well you bloody well better make it up to me later, the rim-job was spectacular but I still need to ride your cock…and we’ll both be sharing a bed here later anyhow” he gave John’s arse a parting squeeze and reached behind him to turn up the spray on the shower.
“It’s been less than four months John” he said, more softly than he had intended, but noted that John’s and his concepts of ‘a long time’ must differ wildly. Four months had felt like an eternity.
The bastard.
Mycroft’s gaze passed back and forward between them both, as if considering something carefully in his head, making a decision before he answered.
“I thought we were beyond such formalities Sherlock”
John was sitting in Greg’s car, a mile away, heading out of the town towards the dock’s before he remembered that Mike would probably be waiting for him by now. He hoped he had the common sense to just walk to John’s house on his own, because this was far more important.
He threw it on the bed in disgust and popped open his top two buttons.
“Fuck…John..that’s…oh god let me up” Sherlock twisted beneath him, and John let go, raising himself up as Sherlock turned onto his front, trying desperately not to pull out all the way, fearing he would never get back in again in time. Sherlock struggled onto his hands and knees, spreading his legs wide, and all John could do was gawp at his long slender torso and that incredible arse still deeply impaled on his cock.
“How do you know that? We’ve barely made it out of the courtyard and I’m already half-off”
He really did look like an impossible angel, John thought as he slowly leaned forward and touched his lips to Sherlock’s beautiful mouth. The soft little gasp lit a fire inside John as those soft, pink lips parted and invited him inside. No hesitation this time, John swept his tongue around Sherlock’s mouth, kissing him gently at first and then harder as the slender body pressed against him started to respond, pushing down on the back of John’s head and moving his hips a little closer. He didn’t even know if Sherlock had been kissed before, and thrilled to the thought that he could be the first.
“And not a threat to take lightly! Never Tom, you have my word.”
John flushed redder than Sherlock’s rouged face and arranged his sack instead, filling it with hurriedly wrapped ‘Santa’s special gifts’, a bargain at ten quid a go. It was a job lot of last year’s plastic crap from the sale bins, dusted down and trotted out again as this years ‘must have’. Those parents were such fucking mugs. He was never having kids, working here had put him off the idea for life.
“I am aware of that…a mere lapse in judgement on his part, regrettable certainly, but understandable once one is aware of the extenuating circumstances” He shifted into a wide-legged stance, leaning on the tip of his umbrella for balance, “Leave him alone, that is what I want…whatever you did to him almost destroyed him and I will not see my brother come to harm”
“You are wicked John Watson”, I pouted at the loss.
“Woo hoo! Are you decent boys!”
Oh god, the excess alcohol swimming around inside him must have made his faculties short out, because two seconds later the room was bathed in a deathly hush and his lips were pressed against John’s stunned mouth.
“I believe that you have spent some considerable time ‘enjoying’ (a sarcastic chuckle) Sherlock’s company.”
The air was still, around them, the inky black sky dotted with bright pinpricks of light as the infinite stars burst into existence one by one. They stared for a while at the two fallen angels lying on the ground, edges blurred as two became one, frozen in time.
Greg Lestrade stood in the immaculate hallway of the Holmes family townhouse in faded ripped jeans and a plain black t-shirt looking every inch the sexy band frontman and nothing at all like the smart young police constable he had been two hours ago. Sherlock sat on the bottom step of the staircase while he pulled on and laced his battered old Converse hi-tops. He was similarly attired in t-shirt (white, tight) and black skinny jeans (also very tight, different from the night before), his standard gig uniform. The day had been excruciatingly long and boring, and Sherlock had hardly paid any attention in any of his classes, preferring instead to lose himself in day dreams of deep blue eyes and ash blond hair, of the very first incredible moment he had realised the world contained a John Watson, and the even more amazing fact that he was allowed to kiss and touch and taste him too.
He related his tale thus:
I was ready as he would have wished, in a suit of charcoal grey, with a long-tailed top coat. The waistcoat I wore was of a softer silvered hue, and a deep-blue cravat was tied at my throat. The colours seemed at odds with the light, bright summer evening, but I adhered to what had been asked; if it pleased John that I should look this way I was happy to comply. I cared not for the opinion of any other man. Perhaps save one.
Not dead then , that was something at least, although it did just feel like he’d been hit by a truck, a solid six feet two inch truck with fists of steel. John sat for a minute, head cradled between his knees, as the scrawny jack russell licked enthusiastically at his ear.
The thought of not being John’s number one made him feel hollow inside. John had been there for everything, learnt him to ride his bike without stabilisers and cleaned his cuts and bruises that day when he had inevitably crashed into a bush. He had helped him master swimming with infinite patience even knowing that Sherlock had the natural buoyancy of a ten-ton truck, and he had taught him how to fight after coming home from school with his body battered and bruised. And that meant fighting dirty in John’s book so he always won. Everyone knew to leave him alone after that, especially with a popular sixth former at his back.
Did the lady shed a tear at the separation? I think not, for now she had devised many a devious way to make coin, and nothing was beneath her, for now, being well versed in the ways of this town she traded in secrets of a private nature, turning seven hundred and fifty a year and in denying herself the full luxuries of life she resolved also, to squeeze every last penny she could from her hapless lodgers.
We rounded the corner and blended in with the evening crowd outside the market place. The stalls were standing empty, replaced at this time of night with all manner of street hawker touting for business. Ladies, gaudy-bright in taffetas and silks, not wholly suited for the night-time air of London stood beneath the shadowed awnings to ply their trade to those who come searching for such comforts. There were boys too, some with painted faces, smooth hairless chests bared with shirts buttoned down to the waist, and girls dressed in men’s clothes, their hair pinned and tucked beneath flat caps; something or someone to suit every proclivity. And but for John’s timely intervention I could have been among them.
Because that was all you could do in the end, test things out, see if they worked try on a new skin and see if it was a good fit or not. And maybe this was it, maybe they were made for each other, Sherlock and John, but there was only one possible way to find out.
“Erm…really John…have you really thought this through?....I mean ….sex is….erm” he stuttered helplessly. John would wake up in the morning and regret this, he would hate him and it would ruin their friendship beyond repair.
He folded his jacket up in a bundle and gingerly sat down. It would be a while before the cold registered because, right now they were both sweating buckets.
Sherlock looked smugly at Mycroft who nodded once then looked away.
“ I think you owe me some sort of explanation, for whatever the hell that was”.
“Oh god, dare I ask?”
“I think Mycroft could probably arrange that actually…..’Sherlock Holmes, prolonged exposure can lead to death or serious injury”
“I can hardly wait”.
“We agreed, no pictures, no texts and no e-mails, that’s how it works”
Shit, that was all he needed, fending of the advances of a load of posh birds who thought he was straight and there for the taking, happy to be seduced. He decided to set Sol straight.
His eyes burned anyway, gritty and raw when he tried to blink. He whirled around, away from Sherlock’s line of sight and struck out with a clenched fist to punch the wall of the stall, humiliated as a hot angry tear escaped down his face. A bone cracked in his hand, but he registered no pain. The door snapped back on its hinges, buckling as one of the short metal screws sheared off with the force of the blow and clattered to the floor, the entire row rattling and shaking. The door back to club opened with a wave of sound and music, and closed again quickly, scared away by the scene unfolding within.
“There are eyes and ears all over this city John…you can find out almost anything you want to…if you know how…and who…to ask”.
“It’s very you in that case.”
John ran his hands down over his face, they were still shaking a little and a growing little knot of nausea was taking root in his stomach, whether it was the aftereffects of the weed or what he’d just been about to do on the bed with Sherlock, was open for debate. His money was on the former.
(No John Watson, I will
“Ah yes, very amusing, unless of course I was referring to strippers of the male variety, although I very much doubt ‘The Kitty Club’ would cater to the hen-party crowd John”
“Are you going to finish what you started back there?” he pulled away slightly, to look into pupils, blown wide and to grab a good handful of Sherlock’s luscious arse, revelling in the fact that he just could.
Sherlock felt ill, he hoped never to see those three colours together in quite that way again.
“Yep, took him to a place I know of, last night. I offered to take him home, but he wasn’t having any of it”
Now every tiny detail from the time he’d left the room, the walk to the vending machine, cursing when they were out of Twix and he’d had to get Snickers instead, the wait for a cleaner with a floor polisher to finish and move, the walk back, every second analysed for something he’d obviously missed.
“I am familiar with the ‘Many Worlds Theory, of course, the idea that the universe splits into distinct universes to accommodate each possible outcome”
“Indeed? Then you will break many a heart this season I fear….I shall look forward to our next meeting”.
“I merely wish to extend the hand of friendship John, and to invite you to join us for dinner on Friday. Would that be convenient?"
“Couldn’t you just practise during the daytime, why all the secrecy…I don’t get it”
He groaned as Sherlock continued with teasingly soft kisses and licks along his neck and jaw, arse sitting frustratingly still on top of him.
“Should I go?”said Paul, casting nervous glances at the partition wall, the sole flimsy barrier between them and his pissy old flatmate, “ I mean, if there’s some sort of problem here?”
He dragged John through the French doors and pinned him up against the outside wall eliciting a soft ‘Oomph’! as he knocked the breath from his lungs. He pressed their foreheads together and stood silently, breathing heavily as he peered at John through a mess of dishevelled curls, not sure if he could stop himself if they started this.
“And I love you too” Greg grinned broadly as the van pulled through the open back gates of an annoyingly familiar back yard, the last place on earth that Sherlock wanted to see. He looked out of the window and his heart clenched.
Sherlock was seated next to Sebastian (a bit predictable Mycroft) and directly opposite John.
“No”, John protested weakly, “Mary could have changed her easily at the table, she thinks I want to talk to you about the Chemistry course…try and talk you into going back, and it’s half true because you should you know, you were brilliant, still are. Christ” Sherlock watched as his fingers gripped the tables edge, turning white, “I can smell that space between your legs….the stink of it…you”.
“Sherlock”, Charles called, with a tap on my arm to draw my attention as desert was served, “I may have news, a new development at least which may prove of great value in time”. I set my wine down, intrigued, my roiling stomach and the alcohol setting my head aspin as I had eaten little yet, and glad of the distraction I gave him my fullest attention as he went on, eyes shining with cheer, “I came upon a man, a specialist of sorts you might say, who has proven more than useful in the successful prosecution of some criminal cases…I took the liberty of laying out to him your familial situation, he found it most curious…will you meet with him?”
He smiled
The kitchen was a bomb-site. People really had no respect. John leant forward and thumbed open a pizza box that lay, looking slightly battered, in the middle of the kitchen table. Some dickhead had stubbed a cigarette out on the last remaining slice, ash mingling with tomato puree and congealed mozzarella. He wrinkled his nose against the sour stench that wafted up from the greasy cardboard. His stomach lurched and he snapped the box shut again. If he had been hungry before he definitely wasn’t now.
When they entered the kitchen John was sitting at the table, happily munching on toast and jam, and sipping at a mug of tea. He glanced warily at Sherlock’s downcast eyes, no doubt vividly imagining the thoroughly awkward conversation that had just taken place, (lock-picks, breaking and entering, illicit sex) all of which were thankfully far off the mark to Sherlock’s mind.
“Your brothers’ a twat then cause my mother says we’re all God’s creatures and love is love even if that persons’ got the same bits and bobs as you have” John answered defiantly, daring him to challenge his words.
“And you are mistaken…I chose the black in the hope to go unnoticed and enjoy the spectacle”.
‘It is an intrigue indeed, and one that we will solve together for it would make my heart glad to see you reunited’.
“A broomstick for god’s sake John”
John looked uncomfortable at this news, the fact that his clothes would be taken from him
God, why did this car have to drive so bloody slow? The roads were as clear as they could possibly be in the heart of London, the only delays from traffic lights turned red. The car slid to a halt again.
I peered out upon the scene below. The yard was steeped in darkness, empty and silent. The street lamps glowed amber in the damp smoggy air brought in on the late evening tide. I turned my head, and could not see further than two houses to the left or right of us which would prove to our advantage if the Runners should attempt a pursuit. It was better than I’d hoped, and I could see John’s indecision as to whether he should go before me, but a clatter of boots on the stairs decided the matter for us and with a final nod of agreement straddled the sill together.
“Erm, still not quite getting it, stop speaking in code for god’s sake, just spell it out”
Sherlock watched in amusement as John’s throat contracted, a “Nngh” sound squeaked out, then “ you are quite scarily upfront about kinky stuff… do you even have boundaries Sherlock?”
“Oh dear, just look at the mess you’ve made all over Santa’s belly elf….clean it up….with your mouth”
Okay, outfit chosen, now for the hair. Well, there was precious little that could be done there. He ruffled his fingers through his unruly dark curls, wishing it was more manageable like John’s or Mycroft’s was. Amanda Jeffries had called it ‘cute’ yesterday, and twirled some around her finger after backing him up against the garage wall outside his house, so he had pointed out the spots on her nose before wriggling out of her grasp and running up the drive like an idiot.
The thought of returning was much less appealing than the thought of pushing John into some enclosed space, right now, and biting,
“Well actually, I don’t think my boyfriend would be very happy about that”
I pushed past my tormentors, ignoring Irene’s startled cry as the glass she was holding was dashed from her hand to smash on the floor below. Liquid splashed upon my legs and tiny shards of crystal crunched beneath the sole of my shoe as I twisted wildly, looking this way and that for any sign of bright red or gold amongst the throng. I thought I saw, through the door to the vestibule, a dress not unlike the one she had worn, and so I followed swiftly, out into the vastness of the building beyond, down narrow carpeted walkways, through sumptuously decorated rooms, all full of people but none of them the ones I sought. And every timed I slowed, every time I paused to take stock and look about me some looming spectre would seek to take advantage. Men, women, it mattered not. The hands still groped and the fingers still stroked.
She clapped her hands at them briskly and left the room. The door shut with a definite ‘plunk’ and her footsteps echoed down the stairs.
…if any here should be reviled then I say sir, that it is
“Do you know where I can find him?” Sherlock tried again “He still works out of your club, doesn’t he? That bloke on the door said he’s a friend of yours, I need to see him, today”
“Oh, I really don’t have to take on all four…I just want you” he smiled with satisfaction as the colour drained from the chubby blond face ,and before he could himself time to think he fisted his hands in grey wool and snapped his head back before he propelled himself forward with a resounding smack. The dull stab of pain barely registered amongst all the rest and James fell back heavily on his arse in the dirt.
”, the voice vibrated through the flimsy wall.
“Shut up…you love all this” said Sherlock, as he turned to him with a smile “…you’re an adrenaline junkie…just like me” (I swear to god he can read my mind) John winced a little at the word ‘junkie’, dropped so casually, as if it wasn’t of major significance to them, to Sherlock specifically… the proverbial ‘elephant in the room’ and the catalyst for all the problems, mistakes and vitriolic anger that had followed since. But this, the danger, the puzzles, Sherlock in full flow, that fact that John would follow him anywhere, into anything, well, that was clearly an addiction too, of a different sort. No less destructive though.
“What?”
Seb was a prick of epic proportions but that was going too far.
Sherlock paused to consider, as if this was a real possibility and John found he was actually holding his breath. He was definitely mad enough to try it even with the risk of others in the house.
This was most unexpected, for I knew the nature of this place, for all appearance respectable while concealing the depravities that I’m sure were in progress within. It was a bawdy house, the very same that Irene had spoken of and in which she plyed her trade.
Weston shook where he stood, then opened his loathsome maw and crowed:
“I think I am”
One particular gentleman present at these merry gatherings perplexed me greatly. He never came in company but yet preferred to sit in the receiving room amongst the throng sipping wine and watching all with bright eyes that spoke of a keen intellect. He watched me too, tipping his cup in acknowledgement but mindful of the boundaries that had been set regarding my availability for the purposes of entertainment, until one evening he approached and sat at my side.
“How about more sex?” John had answered with a smirk, as he dropped to his knees on the carpet and unzipped Sherlock’s jeans, and unsurprisingly, he had nothing more to add after that other than “
Five heads snapped round to stare as he jogged up the path, doing his best to ignore a throbbing ache in his side as his heart stuttered madly in his chest. The only one he registered was Sherlock, face pinched in both pain and surprise.
John released my swollen flesh and placing a hand either side of my head he bent forward, gasping as our clothed groins brushed against each other.
‘Still so shy’, he teased, bending to kiss me softly on the lips, the tip of his tongue sliding smoothly along to part them and lick inside a while, and with his hand he smoothed the hair back from my brow. ‘I could feel your eyes upon me’, he whispered, breaking the kiss to look down into my eyes. ‘Did you imagine I did not know? You dreamt of it last night….how I took you, and you think of it still’.
Irene pouts as she lies beside him in her underwear. She kicks her long legs up into the air and holds them there in a shoulder- stand on the bed, wiggling her perfectly painted toes.
“Yeah, really, you arse”
*Some of the dialogue has been adapted from the Andrew Davies screenplay from the 2007 mini-series starring Rebecca North and Hugo Speer*
“No…that’s not it…I came in with Greg, they wouldn’t let me come in the ambulance with you….but Christ Sherlock, you scared me so much, just lying there…when I opened that door and you were on the floor…shit…I …thought you were …were dead”.
I must confess that I did not fully understand what was to be the nature of our arrangement, if that be the appropriate term. What was I to be to him, a friend (perhaps not given what had lately passed between us), a lover then, or a convenient bed-mate? This last I dismissed as the cruel trick of a knave which I was sure that John could never be, but still whatever our relationship was to be in our eyes I was not naïve enough to believe that the society at large would approve, the risks being well established in that respect.
John didn’t seem to mind though, just told Sherlock how gorgeous he was, as he took his own prick in hand. He pushed Sherlock back on the bed and straddled him, moaning his name, minutes later, as he came all over Sherlock’s chest.
“Keep going…don’t stop” he encouraged in Sherlock’s ear, but he was too far gone anyway, utterly lost, this felt nothing like jerking yourself, rubbing up against someone else’s cock. He finally understood what all the fuss was about, but even with the best of intentions, he wasn’t going to last, and then John shoved his hand down Sherlock’s pyjama pants and he saw stars, hot ribbons of come pulsing out all over John’s hand.
He looked up and his face reddened as he caught Sherlock’s eye. The boy narrowed his eyes slightly and one side of his mouth quirked up into the ghost of a smile. A deep baritone voice rumbled from somewhere behind him as he packed up his things to leave the room.
“You okay?”
“You were more the whore than I ever was, fine clothes or no”.
‘Give me the day then’, said John, moving to stand defiantly at my side, ‘to settle on another lodging, where Sherlock will be safe, for I have yet some business to settle on his account across town’.
“Presents, mulled wine, pinching fire whiskey from the teacher’s lounge and getting so pissed we forget our own names”
“We’re just a couple having a quiet snog on the way home” John whispered into his ear, “Just move along mate, nothing to see here”.
He shouldered past and risked a cheeky wink. Hang on a minute, John stopped and rotated slowly back around…. this must be the arsehole who’d made a mess of Sherlock’s face and got him suspended for almost a week. The last remnants of bruising had only just disappeared from Sherlock’s face, but a promise was a promise after all and he had sworn that that person would pay.
“God no”, he said, glaring at a tall boy with auburn hair, standing near the bar nursing a pint glass in his hands. He was fit, Sherlock would give him that, tight black t-shirt over lean, defined muscles and artfully ripped black jeans. His hair was cut short at the nape exactly the way Sherlock preferred it, he loved the way it felt like velvet when he stroked it upwards with his fingertips. But no, in this case appearances were extremely deceptive, unfortunately. They’d shared a rather heated snog last week, until they reached the point where things naturally went further, progressed from tongues to biting, a hand under the t-shirt, loosening the belt buckle to pop the button on his jeans. And then the boy had panicked, backed off, protested he was straight and had a girlfriend, had only wanted to see what it was like to kiss a bloke, and Sherlock was hot and all that, but I’m not gonna get my dick out mate, sorry. Sherlock rolled his eyes. He didn’t have the time or the patience to be some bi-curious, confused, drunken idiot’s boy- on- boy experiment.
John just rolled his eyes “Come on….seriously…you’re toffs…and I’m just some…oik…your words” he added defensively.
“Eager are we? Down boy” she shimmies into the dress and steps into torturous heeled shoes.
They stood in the shadow of an awning and inspected the stolen loot.
“No, it wasn’t stupid, it distracted him enough to let us get away” Sherlock insisted, and hugged him closer, and John wondered if Sherlock just found the whole post-sex intimacy thing unbearably awkward, switching the subject from how it had felt (John), to legging it from a potentially violent thug.
Victor twisted a napkin nervously between his fingers, worrying at the tight cotton fibres,
“And that’s…is that what you want, or do you want me to take you home?” John asked him, frustrated at the turn this conversation had taken. He really hadn’t meant to bring up Victor again, however inadvertently, and now Sherlock seemed really pissed off with him.
“Yeah right” she scoffed, pulling a walkie talkie from a clip on her belt. She stood in front of them, arms folded, her dark brown gaze never wavered once.
“I wanted to kill him”
“What the hell do you need Dutch courage for?” Mike looked suspiciously sheepish and John almost face-palmed right then, the earlier comment now made perfect sense.
Hunger ,of the grumbling belly variety, not the toe-curling desire kind. That was why he had woken, his body’s need for tea and toast outweighing the temptation to wake Sherlock up for round two.
“I hardly noticed," I said, stretching, "Is it very late?”
“Mm god….oh yes”, he mumbled, almost rendered incoherent. He gasped as he slid back down the wall a little, skin scraping, his t-shirt no protection against the cold rough brick. John pressed his body in harder, hands gripping him under his arse to stop him from falling. He mouthed at Sherlock’s chest, his breath felt hot against the peaks of his nipples where they poked out, hard under the thin material of his t-shirt.
Sherlock decided silence and an air of contrition were the best course of action.
“Look, if you’re in some sort of trouble….or I don’t know…..whatever’s bothering you so much that you have to sneak off out in the dead of night….you can trust me, tell me why…I won’t tell anyone”
“Second place….Watson…..good things come in small bundles so they say, or not so small in your case”
“Good” Greg let go and his knees gave way, the tension he’d been carrying within him dissipating, leaving him weak and drained. He dropped to his haunches on the tarmac and fought back the urge to burst into tears. What was he, twelve or something? Christ, he hadn’t cried once since his dad had died and then only in the privacy of his bedroom, late at night, and once at the funeral when he couldn’t bear the pitying looks and nauseating platitudes from relatives he’d never even seen before. He shuddered with the effort, the urge to punch still strong within. But Greg was right, Sherlock would be rolling his eyes right now, the way he’d let his emotions take over, not thinking logically, temperamental and headstrong.
He bounced up and down on the balls of his feet, restless and impatient as they waited for a cab to appear.
“Don’t look so worried mate, sounded like a good time was had by all actually”.
“You swear what John?....Jesus fuck!...”
“You like that, you love it don’t you?”
Sherlock nodded, stroking a hand up the length of his cock to bring it back to hardness. John pulled back and slammed forward again, shoving him up the mattress a little. He winced, the feeling still on the wrong side of uncomfortable, but getting there, a warm tingle spreading through him.
“Fuck you Sherlock Holmes” he whispered
“Er…and what exactly have you done Sher….I mean…..boy…?” John stammered, clearly flustered now as he gulped nervously around the obvious knot in his throat.
But that was ridiculous, he couldn’t imagine how that would even work, or feel nice like John’s hand had, at that. He pushed past Mycroft and stomped across the yard back towards the house.
“It’s Billy” the boy supplied, “ And if you mean Sherlock, yeah I saw him, don’t worry I can keep an eye on him if you want”
“Behave Sherlock…nod if you understand…” Sherlock bobbed his head frantically, chest heaving to drag down precious oxygen. “Okay…good” He was so beautiful like this, desperate and horny, body thrumming with excess energy in anticipation of John’s next move. He stroked a hand down Sherlock’s torso, feeling him quiver, suck in a shuddering breath, before melting silently into the touch. Seeing Sherlock so soft and pliant beneath him now shook every ounce of John’s self-control.
He looked at John in alarm, not sure if he had caught the sarcasm in his brothers’ tone
“If you want to keep going on this Sherlock, we need to work together…so, you have to tell me exactly what you know”
Sherlock had moved away now, poised at the top of the stairs.
Oh dear, good little Dr Watson would be appalled.
“Don’t you fucking dare” John dived forward, arm lashing out to grab the phone from his hand. He cradled it to his chest and hissed, curling forward in defence. John drew back flushed and panting and sat on the end of the bed pinching the bridge of his nose between forefinger and thumb.
“Will you marry me?”
John stopped eating and looked suddenly guilty, holding the crust of pie as if it were a grenade with the pin pulled out.
“Don’t stop”
Peterson chuckled “Come on then, let’s hear it”.
‘Last night I dreamt of you,’ he said softly, ‘but you are real…tell me, do I sleep still?’
Christ that man was annoying.
Mama smiled indulgently and much to his embarrassment, reached out and ruffled his hair.
“I’m only applying in London, that’s hardly very far” (as close as I could get to you)
“Just stick a lid on it next time smart-arse” he managed, settling himself back into his chair as he prepared for the next onslaught of ankle-biters and their harried parents to scuttle through the door.
He nodded, vaguely aware of the small hand that linked with his and pulled him closer to the stage. He let himself be led. They were in each other’s orbit now and there was no way he would be able to walk away.
A cold ball of fury settled in his chest.
I could feel his gaze upon the side of my cheek, the way it traced from the top of my head down to my ear, then jaw then back up again, hovering over my still parted lips as the air puffed out of my lungs in ragged gusts.
“Sherlock?”
John wanted to do it with him now? Here? After making him wait for over three bloody years?
“Sackville Road…yes, we know about that place, I take it that it’s in need of another clear out”.
“Well, I hope you’re prepared for what an utter bastard I’ll be”
“Oh god”, John whispered, “Is that?”
“And that’s exactly the way you like me”.
Fuck. He pulled back.
Sherlock stalked by, trailing wet, muddy footprints across the floor, leaving John feeling like the idiot again as he scampered up the stairs behind him.
“Just go on back through to the kitchen John is it? I would like a private word with my brother before you both go”
John groaned as Sherlock’s very erect penis prodded insistently at the base of his spine, refusing to be ignored.
“I need to open you up more, I don’t want to hurt you”
For the duration of our journey Irene acted towards me as both mother and protector, although barely of an age herself she vowed to defend me against any unwanted advances from our fellow passengers, who she said would love nothing better than to lay their hands on a young, sweet thing such as myself.
“He would have more luck with Molly Hooper” Sherlock chipped in “but not with a rude picture, the old-fashioned way would work better…ask her for dinner, she would like that”
“You’re just as fucking insane as I am, aren’t you?” he gasped as he pulled up the back of John’s t-shirt and raked his nails down John’s back leaving a trail of light pink scratches.
“Just your cock Sir….only yours….I’ll be such a good boy for you Sir…”
John peered up at him through thick dark blond lashes and Sherlock’s heart began to pound again. Really, he should be able to control himself a bit better than this.
“Relax, country boy…we’re not arranging some seedy hook-up, it’s a little more sophisticated than that…I have a few….connections…you might call them…people who know how to be discreet…do things strictly off record so to speak”.
A little bubble of panic rose in his throat and erupted in what could only be described as a snort-giggle-cough. Best not think too far ahead, there was a whole fucking meal to get through first. Oh god, not twenty different types of cutlery that John had no idea the function of? Another small trickle of sweat rolled down between his shoulder blades as he closed the door and he had to remind himself to take deep steady breaths, in and out, as he walked out towards the waiting car.
“Huh? Hmm….oh fuck Sherlock… that’s…oh god…. Want you to fuck me now…ready….”
Remember friends - MICROSOFT DON'T CALL YOU AT HOME. IF ANYONE CALLS, CLAIMING TO REPRESENT THEM, HANG UP, IT'S A SCAM.
John should have fucking punched him, not the bloody stall, broken Sherlock’s bones, not his own.
A rush of air, a thumping wall of sound and music, a loud metallic click, then echoing silence.
He stuttered to a halt, not sure how put the next part into words. He tried.
If only he had had time to mark Sherlock up a bit, then Victor twat-face Trevor would know he was strictly off-limits.
“And what exactly is the type John?”
“Er sorry…what?”
John popped the bag and shoved it into his hand, “I’ll take the risk thank you, I promised Greg I’d look out for you tonight, now shut the fuck up and eat before I make you go back to bed and tuck you in with a bloody hot water bottle”.
How could he ever hope to satisfy such a beautiful, perfect creature?
“Please Greg….I can’t….don’t” he stuttered helplessly, and Greg pulled off with a wet pop, cock slapping down onto his abdomen, hard and dark.
“What about you….don’t you want me to...?” he started, but the moment was stolen by a stern voice calling out from the yard. What the hell was Mycroft doing back so early? He was supposed to be lunching with father in town.
Perhaps they already have.
We said nothing to rebuke his claim, for what was there to say? He had the right of it, and knew so, but fortune had favoured us in our association, and an ally on the side of the law could be of great value one day. He took his leave, and fixing his hat upon his head once more, moved swiftly through the midday hoard, exchanging smiles and nods with many, slapping backs and pumping arms as he went. Lestrade was well known and well liked in this place, unusual in his occupation and a mark of his character as an honourable man.
The dark blue van wove expertly through the night-time traffic, moving as fast as it could go within the confines of the law. Greg Lestrade huffed and cursed at every delay, the roads still humming with activity, even this late, his sense of urgency transmitting through to the other occupants in anxious waves.
He could hear low voices in the kitchen, knowing full well what they were talking about. Mrs Watson wanted to make up the spare room, or put him on a camping bed in the living room, and John was pointing out, quite fairly, that Sherlock was practically family and why did she now want to treat him like a guest.
Sherlock’s stomach lurched horribly. Did this mean Mycroft had won? Was he going to leave?
“What are you dealing with Detective Inspector, I wouldn’t expect to see you at an ordinary house fire?”
“Don’t you dare ring” he called in a disgruntled voice from his place on the floor “, I’m not going to anyone’s party, I’d rather stay here”
"Did you meet again after that?”
Sherlock pointedly ignored him and clambered out of the van, John shrugged in mute apology and turned to follow suit. “John” He turned to look into solemn brown eyes as Greg considered his next words carefully and delivered them with a furrowed brow.
“Shit, not enough” he huffed in annoyance. “Look, you take the tenner and get a cab, can’t have you getting suspended from school or something”
“I, on the other hand am a
“Are you trying to get me drunk?” he winced at the bitter taste, trying desperately not to cough and look like a stupid twelve year old.
The room was dimly lit, curtains closed and the overhead lights on a dimmer switch, as he stepped inside, eyes immediately drawn to the silent form of Sherlock, dark hair spread out upon the stark, white pillow.
He had to see John again. The band was playing again tonight and although it would be agony to wait so long, Sherlock wanted him to be there, waiting for him when he came off stage. He wanted everyone there to know that John Watson was his. But after his daring escape from Mycroft’s surveillance web of fear, he wasn’t sure if he would be permitted to go. Not that he needed Mycroft’s permission to do anything, he did as he pleased, but Greg might say no because Mycroft told him to say that, and it was Greg’s band and Greg’s van.
“Do come along Sherlock, Papa is waiting, we cannot be late”
John nodded and squeezed Sherlock’s waist, moving closer until they were pressed chest to groin and kissed him deeply, sinking into the push and pull of lips and tongues. They lay like that for several minutes, until their bodies ached to move and just do something more, anything more.
He had Class A drugs in school. Why hadn’t he just ditched the fucking cocaine at the first available opportunity? A rubbish bin, flushed down the toilet, tipped down the kitchen sink and rinsed away, anything. But no, they were still here taunting him, tempting him.
John smiled into my skin and buried his head in the crook of my neck, nestled within a bed of curls and breathing damply, a chance to catch our breaths before the madness of the night would unfold. I closed my eyes and felt my heart stutter within my chest as he dared to kiss me, the door to the closet ajar, gently insisting with the press of his lips until I relented and parting my own let him take what he sought. It felt like drowning, falling, as it always did, sharing the same heated air a slide of slippery tongues, lips wet and slick, the prelude to such erotic delights as we could scarce indulge here in the presence of the maid. I placed a warning hand against his chest and he slowed, kissing soft, chaste pecks on my mouth and cheeks held gently in his hands. He pulled himself away with great reluctance and sat up, scrubbing his hands across his face to chase away the dreamy languor which had pervaded his being and mine also, and I rose then too, lest we embarrass ourselves further and waited with impatience while the bath was drawn, not full as Sarah now knew, as two full-grown bodies, though slight and well-formed are apt to make the water slosh and spill upon the floor at the slightest provocation.
It was over, for good, on his terms.
“Well that was….interesting” Sherlock smirked.
Sherlock looked on in horror as his last chance slipped away.
“You hate Christmas” he says, “I thought this was more your type of fun”
‘Then what is more?’
Sherlock picked compulsively at a loose piece of thread on the outer seam of his jeans as they waited for John to make it downstairs. The door to 221A opened and closed.
A sudden rush of air, no time to turn around, pain shooting through his temple as he fell, cracking his head on the open window sill - a warm, wet trickle ran down his face before he slipped into unconsciousness.
“Yes….a bit”
“Yeah, just text me. Afternoons are best, I work six nights a week”
Twenty yards ahead the boy stopped, just beside the gate which led up to the pretty little church.
“Sherlock”, he answered, “I can barely think for wondering at the sight of you, with your lily- white arse and cock bobbing free, get your drawers on now so that I might let her in”.
He peered through a gap between the wide oak planks and satisfied that we were not observed, lifted the heavy iron latch and pulled the gate inwards, enough to make a small gap for us to slip outside once more. He motioned me to come, and I composed myself as best I could, although I knew that my cheeks were still high in colour; we shimmied through the gap and out into the warm summer sun burning high in a cloudless blue sky. It was a beautiful day, as clear as any you could wish for in the midst of the sprawling city, but after the darkness of the warehouse, the bright light hurt my eyes and I shielded them from the glare with the back of my hand.
“In the interests of being a bloody nosy bastard, more like – that’s a bit personal, don’t you think?”
“But John…we can’t”
“Circumstantial only, I’ll admit, but rather telling all the same don’t you think? Especially considering you have just failed to deny it...A predilection for underage boys Victor…Sherlock was fifteen years old…and membership of no less than three well-known London sex-clubs…any sane employer would drop you like a hot stone…you might want to bear that in mind…a word in the right ear and you might find yourself suddenly…unemployed”.
He patted him on the shoulder with a grin, as the shouting continued inside, well, Sherlock was shouting, Mycroft was trying to placate, like a horse whisperer faced with a particularly tempestuous thoroughbred stallion. John knew who the saint was, no wonder Mycroft was losing his hair at the age of twenty-four, he could feel his own follicles dying with every second that passed, or at least turning prematurely white. But such was his life now. The one he chose.
Malcolm, this has fuck all to do with you, and this wouldn’t even be up for discussion if it was Bill or Mike Stamford….tell me why is that mum?”
I don’t fucking care.
“For god’s sake John, you are utterly transparent sometimes…we were never involved in the way you seem to be imagining…Billy Wiggins is a 14 years old runaway for god’s sake, that’s why he’s so hard to keep track of, he can’t afford to be caught by police or the Social Services Department”.
“Very well”, John snapped in irritation, “My apologies Grandmama…I must rob you of your fair companion for a moment….come Sherlock, let us see what the old goat wants”.
“Again, she’s never at the club, a sleeping partner she said, we can find out much more here, believe me, and if someone is planning a hit, we need solid evidence”
“Oh how nice for the two of you!”
He sounded bitter, a little angry. There was definitely something deeper going on there.
"Back. The Fuck. Away From Him. Now."
I did not answer, but moved to the door, opened it and stepped inside. The bell above the lintel jingled madly, and I motioned to John to join me from where he stood, confused on the pavement, jostled a little by the movement of pedestrians walking back from the direction of the market in the late afternoon.
“You bastard!”
“Really? You want me to beg?”. Sherlock was practically bouncing in his lap, bristling with pent-up energy again, mouthing along John’s jawline and neck. His hands froze in the act of unzipping his jeans as he helplessly grasped Sherlock’s slender waist instead.
Sherlock realised then, he really didn’t want to go anywhere anymore. “Tea, that would be lovely thanks”.
“Go sell it somewhere else”, snapped John, “We don’t buy from sloppy old tarts…and I have eight inches that you sorely lack madam and take great pleasure in sitting on
He eventually made it to the bathroom by crawling up the stairs on all fours (undignified but successful) where he sat, forehead pressed against the cold tiles for a minute trying to figure out how zips worked so he could get his stupid dick out and go.
Walter stared up into the endless white sky, frowned and shook his head. “No….I’m afraid we need to make a couple more trips”
, in fact, a very real temptation. It could be easy money, very easy, and he was ex-military which meant he was more than capable of handling himself if the whole thing turned out to be dodgy. ‘I don’t think they’re looking for ladies at all,’ he said.
“What?....so you….and whoever’s behind all this can torture me a bit more as part of some sick game?”
I did my best to appear indisposed, the sweaty curls that clung to my forehead giving an illusion of truth to the falsehood. I swear he believed none of it, if our mutual state of disarray did not give us away the place where he had encountered us surely would, Covent Garden was known as the square of Venus, the much famed residence of the London whore. If I had left my trunk behind perhaps we may have passed as two young patrons off home after a night with a mistress rather than an employee on the run. He said nought. I should imagine he had borne witness to much vice of this kind and was not so easily shocked.
I pushed my way past and clattered down the remaining stairs, desperate to make my escape. The air so thick and stifling between us I felt I might choke if I tried to breathe in.
Sherlock scowled as Mycroft levelled his gaze at him, evidently enjoying every agonizing minute as Sherlock desperately willed his cock to just stop thinking about John and cashmere sweaters and nipples…oh for fuck’s sake.
“Oh god no….a fantastic cock though”.
The shit was about to hit the fan.
The cab dropped them off in the back lane of a long residential street, cast mostly in darkness save for the street lamps placed at intervals of every ten houses or so. Plenty of shadowy places in which to hide. Sherlock cast around, looking for the most likely meeting place while John climbed out behind him, slamming the door and shouldering his bag with a sigh.
“Will you beg for me Myc, tell me how much you want it…how much you need it” he dipped back between Mycroft’s parted thighs, tilting his arse to run a long teasing stripe with his tongue from the cleft of his arse to his balls, skimming lightly over his entrance. The ungodly noise that issued from Mycroft’s throat made his cheeks flame with embarrassment.
“Victor”
Sherlock liked to believe sometimes that he’d changed, he was ‘better’ now, but he knew that sometimes he still lived on a knife-edge, treading a thin line between the light and the dark, and today the fate of a tiny bag of white powder stood between John and the darkness.
The walk home was painful and slow, but he doubted a cab would take him like this, in his filthy dishevelled state, jeans all wet and caked in stinking dirt from the piss soaked ground. A few people stared as he staggered along, got pissed and passed out in the street they probably all thought, well, let them think that, he just didn’t care. The dream of that hot shower and a warm bed pushed him on…and Sherlock…he had to make sure he was okay.
“Good?” Sherlock supplied helpfully.
Fuck. That wasn’t reassuring in the least.
“Fuck off Victor you love it really, just think you could be playing monopoly in the common room or sneaking a smoke out the dorm room window, I here I am offering adventure and excitement and the high possibility of a fuck with a good looking random”.
“Thanks for the vote of confidence mate, that makes me feel a whole lot better”
John hovered outside on the edge of uncertainty, should he knock and then wait, or just go in?
“Oh John dear was that Sherlock? What’s happened, has he taken ill?” She was biting nervously at the edge of her lip, and her small wrinkled hands hovered nervously around her face, brushing fingertips against the skin. “He always looks so thin you see, for a boy his height, and you know… I can’t help but worry about the other thing…it wasn’t, was it?”.
“I…appreciate your help Billy” he stuttered, feeling like an idiot. Billy, however, beamed back at him.
The happy group began to disperse, to meet again in the bustle on the lower floor. Oliver and Oxley went first, the excuse for their absence being the turning out of these vacant lodgings with clean bedding, sweeping out, changing candles and the like. Charles, ever the noble young bachelor proposed to see Sarah down in safety, and Tom was the last, torn between the urge to depart and grant us a moment of privacy and his sorrow at being parted once more from our company.
He slipped the phone from his back jeans pocket, took a glance at the screen and quickly pressed reject.
“About my……situation” Anderson was red-faced and fuming.
“Because you’re a bloody idiot, that’s why. And weed for god’s sake, why? As if the bloody cigarettes aren’t bad enough”.
“Yeah I guess”.
“But it looks like you got caught up in it a bit, I bet it was fucking terrifying…I mean, look at your face, the bastards”
John felt the intensity of Sherlock’s gaze. “Well, um, good,” he croaked, swallowing thickly to clear the lump in his throat. “Glad we cleared that up then.”
Sherlock sighed “Let me guess, in this reality, Sally Donovan is promoted to Inspector ahead of Greg Lestrade, who currently works under her as Sergeant….but why? He’s ten times the police officer that she could ever hope to be”
Sherlock would kill him, glare at him through narrowed eyes like the imbecile he was for being so bloody thick and slow.
“I know it probably doesn’t make sense, or excuse what happened after that….”
Mycroft blamed himself of course, for failing to notice sooner. In an unforgiveable lapse of judgement he had preferred to believe that Sherlock had finally made a friend, that he was attempting more social integration and learning to curb his anti-social impulses, rudeness and impatience, and he had been grateful to Victor for giving Sherlock his time and attention, not realising….not knowing what they were….
“Who?”
He’s gone.
Only then did he let go himself, riding the waves of his latest fuck’s orgasm, as their clenching muscles tipped him over the edge towards that deep sense of calm that only happened after he came.
“If I have to do this I’m taking John”
“Fuck off Victor…you’re not my mum”, Sherlock scoffed. And people called him a drama queen? Victor Trevor could out-queen them all. Honestly, it was quite adorable how much Victor worried about him but there was really no need. Sherlock knew several ways to both kill or incapacitate, and the last bloke who’d tried to take more than was offered by force, well, let’s just say he wouldn’t be using his dick anytime soon. Who would have guessed that a penile fracture would be so very,
“Oh you think so, do you?....so you wouldn’t even want me when I’m wearing your favourite shirt?”
“Nope”.
The band were coming out on stage to sound check, one final chance to mess around before the start. A tall pale figure wandered over to a mic stand, bass slung across his back and a pick hanging out of his mouth.
“Isn’t it just that Wilkes twat getting back at you for the broken nose? Shit sorry, I guess that was my fault” John said after he had finally brought himself under control, resting a wary hand over Sherlock’s own.
“Are you aware you spend at least sixty per cent longer staring at my mouth than at any other body part…that’s quite the oral fixation John”
Perhaps not.
“No….that’s not why I came”
“Let me help shall I?” Sherlock hissed, voice low so as not to draw unwanted attention “That I was anyone’s for the price of a gram of coke? What’s wrong Victor, did I accidently fuck a friend of yours without realising? Did they pay me? Was I good?”
His phone buzzed loudly against the desktop beside him and still- slightly- too- hot tea slopped over the side of his mug onto his thumb making him swear profusely
He let Sherlock’s softening cock drop from his lips and buried his head in the comforting warmth of Sherlock’s thighs as that talented tongue continued to work him over flickering back and forward teasingly across the head, until Jesus Christ, a long slender digit slick with saliva ran purposefully along the crack of his arse. And Oh holy fuck, John howled like a bloody dog as he came in shuddering, body shaking pulses down Sherlock’s throat.
“Well according to my records you can’t be family…one brother who is already here, so sorry, not yet we’re still running tests and visiting hours haven’t started yet”, he smiled, an insincere grimace born of years dealing with pushy, obnoxious friends and relatives, what remained of his compassionate bedside manner having long ago disappeared.
“I mean it though, it really is good to see you”, Victor said, seriously, “you’ve changed so much, even taller if that’s possible, incredible, you just look incredible, well apart from that” , he pointed with a wry smile at the fading greenish bruise on his face, “I won’t ask how you got that, I think I can hazard a guess”, he grinned, and there was genuine awe in his voice as he turned the full force of his gaze upon him, green eyes flashing.
He would not cry.
“Of course, I’ll be fine” he said, kicking around the crap on the floor for a half-decent pair of pants, clean laundry that he hadn’t bothered to put away muddled up with the dirty washing in an untidy heap. He picked up a black pair that still felt quite fresh and gave them a cautious sniff. Fabric conditioner, Comfort Blue Skies, he pulled them on and tugged them up over his skinny hips. John gave a growl of frustration, unable to locate his own underwear, so Sherlock tossed him another pair, aiming for an aura of calm and normality that he didn’t feel, skin still crawling and stomach roiling dangerously again.
Am I beautiful? I think not. Days and months and years of staring at the same reflection tell as much, and a plethora of anecdotal proof from my peers would likewise beg to differ. They don't understand. My body is just a canvas to me now, each mark representing a visual memory of a moment otherwise lost in time. Memory is flexible, fallible and uncertain and until I learn to master it, I'll map out the passage of time on my body. The pain makes it real, a visual history written in blood and skin. I do this only for my own perverse pleasure,and yours too should you want it. I'll overwrite nature in metal and ink, erase what everyone expects me to be.
“You do realise we will kill each other if we keep this up” Sherlock gasped when he could finally breathe without difficulty, collapsing forward fully onto the bed, pulling John down with him as they smeared the already filthy sheets.
John remembered childhood Christmases, playing with the empty cardboard boxes and torn wrapping paper while the actual contents lay forgotten, pushed aside.
He felt a momentary pang of guilt for ditching his friends again, he hoped that Mike at least would understand. He knew how bad John had felt all week after he came back from the school on Monday with yet another fresh bruise blossoming on his forehead. Mike’s immediate thought had been Sherlock had punched him an assumption he had been quick to correct, explaining rather sheepishly that he had in actual fact head-butted some random in defence of Sherlock instead, but yeah, they were still finished despite that. On second thoughts, he might think John was a stupid bloody prick for even considering going back there, especially now, with the added ‘complications’ to deal with on top of all that. Harry had been less than sympathetic when she had called him mid-week for a sisterly chat, said Sherlock sounded like nothing more than a liar and a cheat and that he had had a very lucky escape. A bit hypocritical he thought, considering how many times she had lied to John and his mum about exactly how much she had drank.
( He really was completely shameless).
Sherlock stifled his giggles as John held his breath, waiting for her to walk away again, eyes wide at the flicker of the door handle which she must have her hand on at the other side, poised to make an entrance but thinking better of it. The handle flicked once as it was released and she moved away. John let out the breath he’d been holding and with a punch, lightening quick and deadly accurate delivered a textbook deadarm.
Sherlock shivered.
He tiptoed back across the landing unseen. Sherlock stood in the middle of his room, oblivious to John’s inner turmoil, uncombed hair a wild tangle, still naked to the waist. His tight skinny jeans were faded and grey with age and wear, hanging open to reveal a sharp jut of pelvic bone and dark thatch of wiry hair, no pants. John stared, wide-eyed at this glorious sight – How the hell was he supposed to function today knowing just what that bastard had going on under that denim, or rather, not going on, as in – no fucking pants!
John caressed his arse, lightly.
Sherlock looked down at the flesh beneath John’s hovering palm. Five livid purple finger-shaped bruises decorated his ghost-pale skin. He thought they were the most beautiful things he had ever seen.
“No, he doesn’t know, he can’t know…I’ll get rid of it, it was just a mistake you see, this bloke, he gave it to me, I didn’t want it, or buy it, he just put it there, in my pocket”, even he could hear the pleading tone in his voice.
“Look, I’m sorry, I’m a thoughtless git…..let me teach you. I taught my sister when she was six and she’s a bloody fantastic seeker…..don’t ever tell her that though…..got to keep up the pretence of sibling rivalry and all that”
“Anderson. Fuck. That’s more than enough time for that idiot to trample all over the evidence…my source suggested bodies?”
His stomach felt like a writhing pit of vipers as he leaned forward and pressed his brow against cool metal, half-stripped, naked desire in his veins exposed. He could taste the bitter tang of bile rising in the back of his throat and his mouth filled with water, his fingers clasped and unclasped convulsively around the bag of powder…..
“Well, you’ll have to save me a spot”
“Don’t be” she snapped, “I haven’t even fucking started with you”.
Sherlock gave a derisive snort “What….would he be better off at home with a father who beats him and a mother staring at the bottom of a wine bottle every night, or in the lovely system perhaps, unsatisfactory foster care or a Council run Children’s Home, then back out to fend for himself anyway the minute he turns sixteen? The system couldn’t cope with Billy Wiggins…believe me, I know”.
We arrived at the Coach and Horses with time to spare, and taking a table at the back of the room, I settled myself to look around while John purchased ale from the bar. The tavern was a haunt of the honest working man, with good solid tables and sawdust upon the floor, there were men from the markets, clustered in groups and playing at cards, or eating heartily of pies and stews served by a buxom old dame with florid cheeks and a bosom that could hide a small army. She tipped me a wink as she passed, arms laden with pewter plates stacked high, brushing off advances from the somewhat hopeful patrons with practised ease, flashing her wedding band in good-natured apology.
“Come on, let’s get moving…it’ll be fine…you’ll be fine” he muttered, bending down to pick up his jeans and t-shirt. Sherlock wondered which of them he really trying to reassure.
But what a fucking sight. John’s eyes took in the glorious image of perfect long limbs, a smooth pale chest and a stomach, tight as a drum and wash-board flat and the dark thatch of hair surrounding Sherlock’s cock. He palmed himself, completely unashamed in smooth languid strokes, thumb flicking over the head to spread the leaking pre-come down the shaft.
“When I came round” he ignored the small gasp (didn’t know I was knocked out cold then…feeling guilty now?) “I tried to call again…where the hell did you go?”
“You move like a plodding horse John….see?...You glide, use your hips, keep your back straight and shoulders set…guide the lady back with confidence and for god’s sake don’t step on her foot!”
“Um, yeah, okay, if you’re sure, that is…I mean we could do it some other time if you…”
Well, that squashed one very prevalent myth regarding Sherlock, John thought, he was stiff as a rod, his body at least, clearly very interested in what was going on. And Jesus Christ, it was almost as big as his own in length, but not as wide around, as pretty as a cock could ever be described as being, because, let’s face it, most of them were ugly fuckers weren’t they? Years of communal showers and changing rooms had shown him that.
“Why didn’t you say? About your mother, that is?”
“John…I really don’t think we’re both going to fit in there” Sherlock protested, eyeing the tiny space, no more than five foot high.
“That fucking bastard has been asking for that all night…I’m so sorry Sherlock, I really fucked up in there, just totally lost it…I’m…”
“Well that’s good to know Sherlock…as if we haven’t already attracted the attention of enough of London’s lunatics for the time being”.
‘It was only for the lad’s education Tom’, she protested to no avail.
“There but for the grace of God go I” Angela finished, her breath catching in her throat. She wasn’t a religious woman, but understood the lesson very well and John had understood it better still, this boy could be John and John could be him.
And then there was the seating plan. When had there ever been a fucking seating plan? Never, until tonight apparently.
John closed the gap between them in one small stride cupping Sherlock’s downturned face in his hands and pulled him forward pressing their lips together. A soft press gave way to firm pressure as Sherlock relaxed against him with a sigh, tongue finding his own. A pair of freezing cold arms curled around his waist under his jacket drinking in his body heat, rubbing up and down his sides, his t-shirt rucking up to expose bare skin to the chill air. He had wanted this so much all day, fantasised about touching Sherlock again, and here he was, a solid presence, that only minutes ago he thought he had lost, kissing him with increasing hunger, pushing and licking and biting. They were both much too turned-on right now, if he didn’t slow this down they just might fuck in the street. His cock throbbed almost painfully.
And when John set the brakes just a little too hard, fishtailing out and kicking gravel in an untidy arc, well that was just the icing atop a fuck-you Mycroft cake.
‘Oh please, do not address me that way, it is John, John Watson, and you I remember are Sherlock are you not?’ I nodded mutely as every word that dropped from his lips sent a spark of desire to my heart and raised in me that most dangerous and destructive of emotions – hope.
“No can do lads” Peterson shut the laptop with a snap and handed it over to Donovan. She looked daggers at him, the implication that an empty-handed Greg was somehow too valuable to undertake such menial tasks hung heavy in the air. She stalked off, heels clicking with aggravated intent.
“Forgive me Grandmama”, he said, regaining his composure once again, “ This is Sherlock, Sherlock Holmes, a most treasured friend”. He clapped a hand to my shoulder and made no attempt to conceal his broad smile.
“Oh god, you’re so bad Sherlock” Charlotte exclaimed “who was the one in the middle of the cock sandwich?”
He stood, motionless in the semi-darkness, unsure whether to bite the bullet and strip down to his pants or make a run for it.
He was vaguely aware that the music had stopped and that Sherlock had left the stage, the murmur of voices filled the room again and the scraping of chairs on polished wood signalled a busier time at the bar.
All he could do was stare, at the soft rise and fall of Sherlock’s chest under the blanket, the curve of his back and shoulder gently turned away from him, so fucking pale under the sickly yellow glare of a sixty-watt bulb.
Sherlock moves in to Mrs Turner's house and is placed under the care of his bedfellow Tom.
“You show remarkable tolerance regarding my brother’s behaviour, this blind loyalty as some might call it is most commendable, although I observe you had an altercation earlier this evening over Sherlock’s unfortunate lapse in fidelity”
He huffed in annoyance.
“Mrs Hudson, we need to get to Baker Street now!”
He was screaming in his face, almost nose to nose, and doing nothing to stem the flow.
“Come talk to me…you are by far the most interesting person to barge in uninvited tonight, and I’m bored now” he patted a space on the bed beside him.
“That boy”, the man whispered hoarsely, “ is he your boyfriend?, cause if he is this is cruel, I could see it from across the room the kid couldn’t take his eyes off you, I bet you like that don’t you eh? Keep him dangling, hopelessly besotted while you fuck whoever you want?”.
“Really boys, do you have to make so much noise?.....such shenanigan’s …and at my time of life too”, but neither of them missed the warm smile on her face as turned her back and closed the door.
“Bit shit really… apparently, girls don’t seem to like it too much when you spend the whole time talking about someone else”
“I didn’t have to, my mother knew anyway, but if I had she would have just said, ‘that’s nice dear, as long as you’re having fun dear, even if she’d walked in on me swinging from the fucking chandeliers….and no, she hasn’t,…walked in on me, in case you were wondering…yet”.
“Would you like me too…?” I asked, pointing to the letter in his lap. “Ah no, it is fine,” he said, attempting to smile. He raised a hand and brushed his fingers across my cheek, but I could not ignore the tight, unnatural upturn of his lips that accompanied the gesture. He lapsed into silence again.
His stomach growled loudly, but he ignored its pleas. Tomorrow then, money and food, or before the week’s end they would all be cast out onto the streets.
“I do not know”, I answered with honesty, “As boys we would use it in games…so this Sherringford”, I said, turning to Lestrade, “You have found him? He lives?”
“Hey, watch this” John turned to look at the assortment of relatives milling around, getting out of taxi’s and cars while mummy and Mycroft scuttled about helping the staff take the suitcases and bags inside. He drew out a small scrap of paper and the shell of a pen, chewing thoughtfully until he had fashioned a small sticky pellet. His aim was deadly accurate as he huffed a sharp breath out, smacking Mycroft squarely on the back of the neck.
“Yes sir…have I done something wrong?”
But still he did not stop, crawling steadily backwards as he moved yet further down, eyes never once leaving mine, he raised an eyebrow as if in challenge to tell him stop, or no, for would you believe me friend, if I was to say that I was as yet unsure what he was about? He reached out, taking my cock in his hand, and I thought he only meant to bring me off that way as we had done before, but then I watched slack-jawed as he steadied the shaft and took the length of me into his open mouth. Anything, he could have done anything and I would have lain there willingly, but this exceeded all that had come before, the sight of his kiss- swollen lips which spoke such sweet words of love wrapped around my cock, sucking hungrily.
He tried to move, to fuck himself on John’s hand in delirious abandonment, his cock hot and aching now, dribbling in anticipation. He tried to rut against the covers to create some friction, yelping in surprise when he was rewarded with a stinging slap on the arse. John puffed a cool breath over the stinging patch of skin, instantly soothing.
“Oh…oh….ah….there, stay like that for fuck’s sake….there”
“You’ve just seen him fuck off with someone else. Listen John, save yourself the trouble, he’s just a desperate little slut. That kid should have a revolving door in his jeans, his dick’s in and out that often. I’d say you’ve had a lucky escape”
‘Through’ turned out, as he feared, to be the room of twinkling lights.
The large black car pulled away from the kerb, did a smart u-turn and re-joined the flow of traffic back in to central London.
The gentleman in black cleared his throat and stepped forward, sliding the pince-nez to the end of his nose. “Sir”, he nodded to John, and then “Sir”, he nodded in my direction also. “It will be my pleasure this evening to join your two hands in marriage. John puffed out his chest a little my right hand held loosely in his left.
“I’ve been around”, said Sherlock, smirking.
Sherlock bites John’s lip and palms him between his legs, just to remind him they only belong to each other now.
“It’s the skinny bastard with the hair” Mike nodded towards the stage just as Sherlock caught his eye, and John’s stomach gave a triple flip.
It was Mary.
Yes, he remembered……how the heat of Sherlock’s skin was still branded into his palms, even as the chill damp air seeped into his bones.
“Your prick is wet…so push it in a bit more if you can”
John moved closer and let his right hand swing down at his side until he felt the faintest brush of skin on skin, warm against cold (how the hell was he staying warm?- John marvelled at Sherlock’s ability to generate copious amounts of body heat for the second time that morning), a tingle running up the length of his arm as Sherlock curled long fingers around his own and squeezed briefly before letting go, so simple and yet so intimate.
“Anything else” he pressed, “A name perhaps?”
Greg was in fits of laughter now, not ideal when negotiating London traffic, “Seriously mate, tell me you at least own Call of Duty (Dimmock shakes his head), Halo? (shakes head again). Christ, how old are you, ten?”
Well how could I say no? He only wished to clear the slate so we could move forward unhindered, and as he had already guessed, my reluctance to leave the comforts of our lover’s bed and venture forth grew stronger as the days wore on.
She laughed most heartily, her ample bosom quivering in a most disconcerting manner. “Don’t you worry about that my love, I shall take very good care of you. Some fine new clothes and polished leather boots will fit you out as quite the fine young gentleman”.
“Hello Sherlock”, he said, with a falsely bright, rictus grin, knuckles turning white where they gripped the handles of the buggy.
Sherlock took the bottle of beer that Victor held out to him, dropping the straw on the floor at his feet. He took a long pull and swallowed the ice cold liquid, shivering slightly as it slipped down his throat. The heat in the club was unbearable, and he grimaced as clammy beads of sweat formed on his neck and slowly rolled down to soak the neck of his t-shirt. Sherlock pressed the small brown bottle to the side of his face, figuring what would be the harm in a little condensation when it was so deliciously refreshing against his overheated skin.
“Stop being such a bloody drama queen and just try and enjoy yourself, this is supposed to be fun” and with that he took off again, putting his trust in Sherlock’s innate sense of self-preservation, not to pull them both off onto the ground.
“Mrs Hudson, we….” He started, and she cut him off abruptly.
Sherlock held out a hand, “Shower before we go? I’m filthy”.
Mycroft noted with satisfaction, the sheen of nervous sweat along his hairline which collected into a bead at his temple before rolling gently down.
“Ask any one of the fucking morons in that place who William Bake is…go on” Sherlock gestured around wildly, words slurring slightly in response to the large volume of alcohol currently raging around his system. A bouncer on the door eyed them warily.
“Whatever… keep talking and it’s not going to stay on long enough for me to care what fucking colour it is, or any of the rest of it either”.
“I’m a moron, ask me” he hissed grabbing Sherlock’s wrists and pulling them down by his sides.
you doing?” John stifled a giggle, because really the boy could not have been any older than eleven or twelve and surely he couldn’t seriously think it was normal for two kids to shake hands? The bubble of mirth soon drifted away as he caught the look of hurt and embarrassment on the other boys face and lurching sideways he gripped the warm dry palm and pumped their joined hands up and down.
(Or John didn’t gave you the chance to, more likely… oh when would he ever learn?)
“I must go”, I whispered, and leapt out onto the floor, wincing as I stepped upon a shoe discarded from the day before, and grasping with frantic hands to catch up the clothes I had shed with such lustful intent. My own bed lay neat and untouched, and so I dashed through the door that connected to two chambers and diving, rolled madly around on the covers. John laughed heartily at the sight of me.
John loosened the towel from around his waist and let it drop to the bed. He sat up on his knees and then dropped forward, hands supporting his weight , down on all fours.
John cleared his throat, nervously. “Erm Sherlock…I meant to ask ages ago…you see it’s my birthday in a couple of weeks and…”
His whole body tensed and he held in a breath shooting ejaculate half way up the bed as his cock jerked around, untouched, clenching his internal walls to devastating effect as he came. John cried out as he held him in a death grip, fucking him through it until he came too, warm, wet bursts pulsing deep inside his body…..poor John, he never really had a choice. They collapsed back down on the bed with a mutual groan, damp and sticky and spent. John undid the tie, gently stroking his wrists, as lips and tongues tangled in a sloppy wet kiss. His poor arse was sore both inside and out and come still trickled slowly down his inner thighs but he grinned, smug and satisfied.
“I do believe Master Holmes, your brother meant you to find him, you knew that name straight off…but knowing the fate of the Aconissa, you must prepare yourself for the worst…more than that in fact, for we may never know….now”, he finished, “ are there are any other names he may have tried?”
“Relax. Its fine John…I won’t
“This is not a good idea….in fact this is fucking terrible idea, and we’re both going to die horribly”
“He was off duty”
“Jesus fucking hell” he threw himself back, arms windmilling wildly as a skinny black cat sprang out of the alley to his left, bright eyes like lasers in the dark. It hissed and spat, a ball of feline fury before scurrying quickly out of sight as his heart hammered wildly in his chest.
Fight, John, fight! He couldn’t even manage to shout out because he could barely even breathe. He tried to stand up, grit and stone biting at his knees and palms, only to be slammed back down by a heavy-booted kick to his side, pain radiating out through his torso and legs as he tried to curl in on himself again. (Shit. If that was his kidneys he’d be pissing blood for a week.) Fists rained down on his shoulders, chest and ribs, the other fucker joining in too now, he thought, as his mind disconnected from the vicious assault, another John floating above, watching the wreck of a small body on the ground. Darkness pulled at the edges of his vision, almost making it complete.
“Seven? How very dare you”, John laughed, Sherlock joining in after a second or two, his deep voice rumbling. And god, what it did on the inside, the muscles of his hot, tight passage, clenching beautifully around John's dick. He groaned and Sherlock rolled his hips experimentally.
“Fuck off”, he hissed back as he heard the classroom door open heralding the arrival of the notorious new Biology master whose reputation had followed him from Leicester to London.
He cupped his jaw, working it back and forward with a wince – nothing broken, he’d had alot worse for much less.
“Be safe Johnny please”
“Black, two sugars” John handed him a steaming mug and a placed a plate of chocolate biscuits on the covers in front of him, taking one for himself first.
“I wasn’t bloody well talking to you” John rounded on Billy who surprisingly backed down, holding his hands up in a gesture of surrender. “And Doc? Where the hell did you get that from?”
Greg was apparently enjoying his moment of torment.
Mike had already recounted the tale of the ‘naked kitchen incident’ and Sherlock’s complete lack of body consciousness. He doubted very much as to whether Sherlock would have any qualms at all as to snogging him senseless in front of absolutely anyone. John, however, was not such a natural exhibitionist.
"And what's 'that' exactly...what I just saw? A dickhead who calls all the shots while you just do as you're told?" Greg shook his head in wonderment. "You're an idiot, if you think that's all you're worth." Greg reached across, and ruffled Sherlock's hair while he huffed in annoyance and pretended to hate it, slapping his hand away playfully.
“I didn’t see anything, I came back, he was on the floor, I phoned for help…that’s it Mycroft, I can’t tell you anything else…wait…do you think someone was watching us…watching the room?”
Irene drapes her arms around his neck and kisses him full on the mouth.
John held up his hands and raised his voice a little “Hey cool it everyone, later maybe in the common room once I’ve shown Sherlock what’s what, okay?”
“Let him go Victor…whatever you were to him once upon a time…he doesn’t need you anymore”, he turned away, feeling there was nothing further to gain from this exchange, the foe was vanquished and his point made.
“You are such a fucking idiot John”, he puffed out as they ran.
The first kiss, the first touch, the first everything, together, John would die if Sherlock said stop now.
He was about mid-twenties John guessed, with dark auburn hair, already receding at the temples and a longer, more pointed nose which he was currently looking down in a distinctly condescending way, as if John was a particularly unpleasant smell.
He glanced down at his clothes with an evil grin
A wave of pure devastation overwhelmed him as his knees finally gave way and he slid slowly down the wall, until he sat on the cold, hard surface, arms clasped tightly around his shins, nervous tremors making jelly-limbs jerk and twitch like a marionette with the strings all cut. It felt strangely like withdrawl, this searing pain tearing at his chest, the sense of unreality, body detatched from mind as he shivered and shook, fighting for each breath through constricted airways, as all rational thought took flight.
Please say yes, please John.
“Ah, but I didn’t detect a definitive no there, so you might be amenable on another occasion?”
Billy spoke with a seriousness and wisdom way beyond his fourteen years. It would have been chilling, if Sherlock didn’t recognise in Billy a bit of himself.
“I’m going to fill you up now dirty boy…fill you with my come….do you want it boy?”
“Oh yeah, and what am I thinking about” he challenged, a little embarrassed at being caught out.
John leapt up with a snarl, determination and fury etched across his face. He leapt at Sherlock with all the force he could muster and shouldered him square in the chest. Sherlock crashed back, breath knocked from his lungs when he felt his back and head connect, the skin of his elbows torn on the rough brick.
Sherlock panted beneath him. The heat of Sherlock’s body was tight and intense around John’s cock, as he fought to remain in control. He was desperate to move, to thrust.
A cool breeze blew across his face and he drew in greedy lungfulls of the refreshing air, tinged with the smell of London traffic and a hint of Chinese takeaway.
He would spill blood, for Sherlock.
looking his way.
Holy fuck. John seriously considered turning back around the way they came.
“Not really….a massive bonfire tends to sort that out….no, it’s rather the thought of picking sand out the crack of my arse for the next fortnight that’s lacking a certain appeal. However, I could be persuaded…in the right company”
“Of course not…don’t you think there’s something decidedly strange about letting your child sit in the lap of a sweaty old stranger, who conceals his true identity throughout, while spending the rest of the year warning them not to do things like that?”
Sherlock regarded her thoughtfully, it was the truth, he decided, but a carefully edited version of the truth nonetheless. Best not push it though, they had abused her hospitality enough on this occasion. Besides, he thought, it would be quite easy to acquire the incident report if the police had been involved, and the names of those girls would be extremely useful, perhaps take John, he had a certain way with women….
He drew the proferred digits into his eager mouth and sucked, swirled and licked, working his tongue into every dip and fold of skin. It was John’s left hand, the other free to unbutton belt and jeans, and push down pants and press…oh fuck…John’s hot, damp erection fit perfectly into the crease of his arse, as the head left a sticky trail at the base of his spine.
“My point Mr Watson is that this occurance is most unprecedented. My brother is apt to bestow his affections, how shall I put this?....rather
“Hang on a minute…is there any need to call him that…?” John looked furious on his behalf. He had his jaw clenched and his lips pinched together in anger. If Sherlock could have puffed out his chest like a proud peacock he would have.
Trent froze, finger still extended towards Sherlock’s lips.
“Sherlock,” John turned to address me. I could feel the tremble in his arm as he caught up my hand in his. “Know this, that my heart has been yours since the very first moment I laid my eyes upon you. And from that moment forward, you have surprised me and distracted me, captivated and challenged me in a way that no other has ever done or ever will. You are my partner in crime and in passion and know that I love you always and forever with every beat of my heart.”
Sherlock demonstrated by rubbing at his bare arms and giving an exaggerated shiver. John began to feel very warm, heat building in his face and neck and pouring down into his chest and stomach. He tried to take long steadying breaths in and out, hitching on the inhale as the heat finally reached his groin, Sherlock’s words, his voice connecting directly with his cock.
I must call on Tom, and ask for his assistance. He would not be missed at the house at this hour.
An hour clicked by and the figure on the sofa stirred, stretching out first, long legs reaching out over the side before swinging round and coming to rest on the old, pitted floorboards. Sherlock sighed and scrubbed his hands through his unruly hair. He looked tired, worn, not like the Sherlock that John knew at all. Sherlock pushed up from the sofa and dragged his heels along the corridor to his bedroom. John followed, glad that the invisible barrier of the past kept him hidden from sight as the door opened and they both entered the room.
He bent his head over to where I lay pressed back against the pillow, lowering his mouth to mine and pushing between my lips with a hot wet tongue, and to my surprise I returned the embrace kissing back freely with the all the fervour of perfect innocence.
Sherlock plucked out a condom from under his hat (Really?), ripped it open and rolled it on, and with a squirt of lube for good measure he steadied John’s cock with one hand and slowly sank down. It took every ounce of willpower not to come, the friction just from Sherlock sliding down sparking sensations so intense his vision was spattered with a galaxy of tiny white stars.
“There…now we are fit to dress again”. He stepped over the side as I sank down again, catching up a towel, and throwing it down with a laugh again, “Sherlock, get out, for your skin will look like a withered old prune…perhaps I should have waited…it was too much”.
“Well do that….not in front of me…whatever gets you through this, but that doesn’t mean I’m okay with it Sherlock, cause I’m not…I’m fucking furious…so what now?” he added nervously as Sherlock calmly handed him the half-full beaker before sinking to his knees and vomiting messily into the toilet, hands clenched around the cold white porcelain. He lifted his head with a grimace and wiped the back of his hand across his mouth.
“Hmm yeah…Paprika…isn’t that Sherlock’s favourite flavour?” she darted out the way, arching her back in an attempt to stop John kicking her up the arse. He caught her lightly on the backside just before she managed to slam the door.
“Where are we going exactly, you never said….I only heard ‘strippers’ then I sort of zoned out after that”
Irene shot him a knowing look and he kicked her under the table. She was the only one who he’d told, that sometimes he was attracted to boys as well as girls.
Sherlock’s brow creased in confusion, as if this was something he’d never considered before.
It was useless to hope that Sherlock hadn’t noticed. Damn.
“Glad to hear it”, she said, “but if that was your only fault we wouldn’t be out here about to have this conversation would we?”
A split second of relief…the knife left his skin as the man stepped away and relinquished his grip on John’s neck, before his whole world exploded in a kaleidoscope of searing hot pain. A meaty fist connected with his gut knocking the air from his lungs as he bent double and fell to the ground, black spots outlined in bright white dancing in front of his eyes as he fought to drag in a breath, lungs screaming in protest.
(The time to walk away would have been after the punching bit, but his dick had apparently had a completely different set of plans tonight).
“Baker Street lads” the cab driver interrupted.
They took it slowly at first, tentative shifts and wriggles while Sherlock adjusted to the stretch and got comfortable and this was good, just perfect , John wanted it to last. Sherlock eased up gently and dropped back down again, letting gravity take over the hard part, hissing a little until the slick of extra lube on John’s dick worked its way inside. And then he really started to move, gradual shifts became harsher and more pronounced, the pace increasing and volume ramping up. The rhythmic slapping of damp, sweaty skin resonating throughout the room. Sweat ran down Sherlock’s chest, his soaked and clammy curls clung to his forehead. Each breath came out in a huff as if forced from his lungs and he strained with the effort, the headboard banging on the wall behind biting through both paper and the plaster beneath. Harry would kill him, kill them both, John thought, but as she was partly responsible for this epic fucking shag, maybe she would let him off just this once.
John wasn’t embarrassed to strip in front of strangers, and besides, the servants had likely seen it all before, and he sort of knew that he looked pretty good naked, one or two girls had told him so. The ones he had managed to get on their backs, that is, and they wouldn’t have been doing that at all if they didn’t fancy him a little bit.
“Will he expose us, do you think?” he mused, as he dipped a finger into the honey and stuck out his tongue to lap at the thick sweet globules that cascaded down.
Sherlock crowded him up against the wall of the staircase which led back up to the dorm. His hair was damp with sweat and rain, and his pale skin appeared luminous, lit by thin strips of moonlight which shone down through the tiny windows. He was so close John could feel every puff of breath on the side of his face and neck. It was an effort of will not to lean forward and close the gap between them, to reach up and touch his face, or tangle his fingers in that hair.
He followed her into the tiny kitchen and poked at a pot that stood on the hearth. Well, at least it wasn’t burnt. That was the best you could say about the thin, greasy stew, whipped from the fire before Jim came knocking, and now cooling in congealed lumps that made his stomach turn.
They heard the clang of metal on metal from the room down the hall. Servants draining the water from john’s bath, which meant they would be knocking on this door soon. It was time to get ready, dress in borrowed clothes and leave this small slice of heaven behind. After all, it had never been meant to last.
“You would have been fifteen then right? Some kid from one of the schools you got kicked out of was he?”
Sherlock shrugged and bit his lip, which he knew would give him away, but he just couldn’t seem to find any words of denial because annoyingly the bastard was right. He finally blurted out, “No, don’t have a boyfriend”, sounding like a child in the process. His customary snark and eloquence had evaded him.
He thumbed through his contacts for Greg Lestrade’s number, no time to worry about whether he was doing the right thing, “It’s John, any chance of a lift mate?”
“Oh god John…please tell me you haven’t just asked Einstein Von Brainstorm from next door?”
Sex with Sherlock, in Sherlock’s house with his brother probably just metres away, it was ridiculous.
“I went to see his band at the Student Union bar, we just got talking afterwards about music and…stuff”
“Well maybe this will warm us both up a bit…Merry Christmas Sherlock”
WHACK!   WHACK!
John hadn’t been aware until now that Sherlock had known who he was, let alone about his skill with a camera. They’d certainly never spoken beyond the odd word exchanged in mutual classes, the few that Sherlock had not been moved a year ahead of the rest of his peers.
“Don’t get into any trouble while I’m away squirt” he had said, before he drove off, winding down the window to wave until the car rounded the corner at the end of the street. Sherlock had stood for at least ten minutes more, just staring at the tyre marks on the ground where the car had been.
“Don’t know where the fuck you heard that fairytale, nah, just had a few too many, isn’t that right Kate” she shot her friend a pleading look from across the room, backtracking now from her previous words (back to don’t know, won’t say)
Sherlock rejected yet another t-shirt, throwing it in a crumpled heap on the bedroom floor. Useless, awful, every single one. This was so annoying, since when did he care what anyone thought?
It was a monumental cock-up, his biggest yet, to let John see those words, to shatter every illusion he might have held that Sherlock even gave a fuck. No chance to explain now, that he hadn’t answered a single one, until Victor hammered that final nail in the coffin.
The shrill ring of the telephone sounded from the hall.
John rolled off the mattress and sat up to rub the crusts from his gritty eyes. He hadn’t slept well ,it had been too cold, only managing to fall into a fitful slumber some time around dawn. Harry stirred beside him, it would have done her good to have a little more sleep perhaps, maybe on Sunday they could do that, but she had to work today and would have to get up now. John sighed heavily, if he didn’t get that money today they wouldn’t be here on Sunday anyway. There was nothing for breakfast, so they assuaged their knawing hunger with some boiled water instead.
The gentlemen, or their ‘sweethearts’ as the girls were won’t to call them (in mockery I knew), were commonly men of means their fortunes made in business, or men of letters from high places such as government and the law, a sweet, sweet irony you will agree considering the nature of that most disreputable of establishments. They came for the gratification of those base needs the relief of which their wives or significant others could not or would not partake of. The sons came too, encouraged by the fathers to educate themselves in the carnal arts before committing themselves to a future with wife and child, or simply to indulge in such indecent perversions as would be frowned upon in more polite society, (of which I shall come to later). The men took great liberties to my mind, cavorting about the room with the girls half- dressed around them, touching and groping what naked flesh they could find blind to the spectacle of debauchery as they suckled at breasts like babies at a mother’s tit.
“You look like an angry garden gnome” Mike called from behind him as he slammed the bathroom door. He opened it again and popped his head out.
“Oh shit…and people do that…do it…right here?” he glanced around nervously, half expecting to see someone getting fucked in a quiet corner.
John’s heart clenched, no they didn’t get him, but if he didn’t warn him, they would soon.
“Five years…. I was just reminding your
“I like you…you’re amazing… you make me laugh…you’re a bit insane to be honest, all of it Sherlock…just…everything…I’m quite capable of making up my own mind about a person, and I can tell you for certain, there’s not a goddamn single thing I’ve seen or heard so far that has made me want you any less, not almost being stabbed on the first night, or running from a drug dealer, or breaking into someone’s house…in fact it’s the opposite really…I just want more and more and….fuck I need another drink or something, or a wall to punch, either would do ”
All from John.
WHACK! WHACK!
“No, this is fine, Mycroft”
Sherlock huffed in annoyance, clearly unimpressed “But yet an idiot like Anderson gets unlimited access along with those performing monkey’s they laughably call a forensics team?” Sherlock pouted and John had to stifle a smile, he sounded like a petulant child.
The officer behind the front desk looked a weird combination of bored and harassed, resigned to the utter stupidity of these prime examples of humanity who were currently cluttering up his waiting room.
How could John do that? Get off with some random girl, right there in front of his face? They had even moved closer to the stage, as if a glimpse from across the room hadn’t been more than enough. And when she had touched him, it had just been too much and a white-hot flame of jealousy had ignited in his chest.
“Oh yeah? Nice try kid, but not according to tonight’s live footage…quite the little sex-show I think…suck on all your friends necks like that do you kid? Or only the very special kind?"
A late addition, just arrived (‘ever so sorry, got stuck in terrible traffic through Westminster, almost taken out by a double- decker bus!’) Mycroft’s P.A. Anthea (only female P.A’s now after Sherlock fucked the previous one) and her very pretty eighteen year old sister, Charlotte, all long blonde hair and big bouncy breasts.
It had taken him long enough to think these thoughts, and now John really, really, wanted to know the answer to every question he had ever had about Sherlock Holmes and sex.
There was nothing he could do to make this right, to make Sara not feel like shit, to turn back time and make that call (not a text, you couldn’t break up with someone by text) before making the biggest decision of his entire life.
And so, for three whole days we did not leave that room, except to bathe or to answer the call of nature and to scavenge in the kitchen for food. We talked too, long hours spent in revelation of our deepest hopes and dreams. For myself I wished for adventure and the mysteries of life and human nature to be revealed to me, like a science of observation so that I may never again be ensnared, for then I would know what dwelt in the blackest of hearts and of any who wished me ill. John thought with great excitement that we might partake of this together and declared our first mission to be the mystery of the missing Mycroft, for he could not be convinced that my brother had truly gone, and that perhaps he had gone overseas and thought me safe still, in Lancashire with my family.
Sherlock’s face changed from belligerent annoyance to joy in an instant, “John!”, face lighting up as he saw him hovering unsure of the reaction he would get, hanging back until Sherlock held his arms out and called him over.
“True…but I’m not too sure if she’s ready to meet you…not after ….what she heard, and sorry for not telling mum yet too…I’m a fucking coward I know…. maybe we should head down to the pub and throw a little alcohol into the mix and I’ll drop it when we get back, yeah?..... Shall we finish this thing?” John pulled away reluctantly and poked the airbed with his toe and if anything, it looked flatter than it had when he’d started.
Let me finish it with you.
“I’m not just anyone, and I’m not quite sane myself Sherlock, just in case you hadn’t noticed, and you seem to bring out the worst in me…in a good way if that makes sense?”
John crossed to the window once more and peered. “Is there no other way?”
Sherlock and John find new lodgings, John reveals a secret and Sherlock learns it may not be so easy to shake off his past.
How the hell did he do it? A few whispered words in his ear had reduced him to a quivering, needy wreck. No-one had ever, ever affected him like this before, turned him on so much with a few well chosen, filthy words knowing exactly which buttons to push. It was instinctive, incredible, that he could hone in, in a heartbeat on every single one of Sherlock’s weak spots. He would be terrified if it wasn’t so fucking hot.
“I’m calling the manager, this is outrageous…and if he doesn’t get his gift I want my money back” the woman raged, practically spitting in Sherlock’s face. And he still wouldn’t let it lie.
“So what happens now?” Angela asked, clearly not satisfied that they had any intention of actually following through and doing their damn job. But she seemed like a nice lady, so he decided to switch on the kindness and compassion, just this once.
“I don’t understand…Your family are fucking loaded, you’re seventeen years old and you take black cabs everywhere and I’ll bet you don’t even know the price of a pint of milk or a loaf of bread Sherlock…”
He shuffled towards the tube station willing away his erection with every step.
He snapped another picture, Greg this time, and smiled in satisfaction as his answer came through minutes later in the kitchen where Greg was brewing tea and rooting in the cupboard for the biscuit tin.
“Oh do eat a little more my darling, before we go out into the cold, or at least drink some warm tea, one slice of toast is simply not enough”
Sherlock hates this song, but he dances with John anyway when he pulls him out to the middle of the floor, and as they pass under the mistletoe they kiss, with plenty of tongue because John is a little bit drunk and he is more than a bit stoned.
“I don’t understand…why would you want me?…after hearing that”
“Well then, what’s he like….what did you find out?” all eyes turned eagerly on him as he flopped down beside Greg on the sofa in front of a crackling fire.
‘Very nice, very pretty indeed, yes, yes’ he muttered, as much to himself as to anyone standing before him, ogling my body with lust-filled eyes, and all the while Mrs Turner looked on with an air of satisfaction, sure that she was soon to make good on her investment.
John was aware of the note of disappointment in his voice at the sudden lack of stimulation, however inadequate it had been, as Sherlock flopped down in front of John, turned onto his side and tugged at John’s arm, urging him to mirror his position, John’s chest pressed to his back.
“I told you this was a bad idea”, Victor hissed, as Sherlock dug into his pocket with a scowl and drew out a small plastic card, the laminate peeling and battered at the edges. He tried for his most winning smile as the bouncer gave it a cursory glance and snorted loudly, his eyebrows almost climbing up into his hair. He shoved it back into Sherlock’s hand.
He turned deliberately, heading the opposite way to where he should have been going, skirting past the music block and the drama centre towards the crumbling, neglected dance studio unaware of the tell-tale trail of dirt he was leaving behind him, mind on something else entirely - someone, to be exact. But definitely not someone his mates would ever think of.
The carriage came at eight for a late-evening supper, and the light was still bright as day when we arrived at John’s family home in Hampstead Village, a beautiful red brick mansion house in the North West of London set back from the main thoroughfare. A wide sweeping drive led up to the entrance where large oak double doors sat atop seven wide stone steps, bordered on each side by carved stone pillars in the Grecian style. It was impressive, designed with an eye to the aesthetic, displaying the wealth of the family that lived there without resorting to overt ostentation.
His school shoes made too much noise as he clattered down the metal stairs, echoing loudly in his ears. He reached the bottom jumped the last few and just ran. Over, and under, and through, his feet skittered on the gravel path as he thundered back towards the gym doors. The corridor was empty as he pushed himself through and sat, hunkered down, back pressed against the cool brick wall.
“But you like that…got off on it?”
John strolled in, shedding clothes as he came. “Come now”, he said, as his drawers slid down to the floor to reveal the strong, masculine planes of his body, fully naked and confident before me, “The water grows cold as you stand there and stare, you will look perfect as always and I shall be mad with jealousy before the night is out, for all those wishing to steal you from me”.
Damn it, yes he could, Sherlock thought. It was endlessly fascinating that despite the jokes John had no real belief in the extent of his own attractiveness, Sherlock knew this as fact. He could assure John it was off the fucking scale, have a line of blokes all salivating for a piece of his arse and John would still be in denial. Good job he belonged to Sherlock then.
“Patience, we can’t…not here”, John whispered. And Sherlock glanced up to see the driver eyeing them with disapproval through the rear view mirror. He turned his head slightly into John’s neck and slid his tongue out teasingly, giving tiny little licks at the skin. He heard John’s breath catch in his throat and smiled.
The noise from the street was muffled here, a high wall, three storeys on either side, a tall mesh fence with a padlocked door in the middle at the other end, only one way in and one way out. He pulled John in after him and faced him, back to the wall again, and John reached down, his left hand gripped at the top of Sherlock’s thigh, gently coaxing him to lift it up to wrap it around his hip. John braced and then lifted him from the ground. He was surprisingly strong, scooping up Sherlock’s lanky frame with ease and backing him into the wall more firmly, John used his body weight to pin Sherlock there.
“Whoa there John…you look strung out there mate, has it got anything to do with Sherlock by any chance?”
He only heard Greg say ‘fine, bye’, and then he was back, standing over him and reaching out a tentative hand to haul him to his feet.
He took a carriage from the square, visible from our bedroom window and I watched him go, waiting till the horses turned the corner out of sight before I turned away again. He would head first he had said, to Holburn, where he would call upon his friend Charles Worthington who was a pupil barrister at Gray’s Inn on South Square, and from there he would head back towards the tumult of Covent Garden and my oppressor to secure my freedom.
They’d been passing The Bull at the time, where John’s mates would no doubt, be stood in their usual spot in the nook by the pool table – the perfect place to check out the sixth-form girls who always gathered in a cluster by the bar, specifically there because the rugby team was. And on any other night John would be right in the midst of it, drinking too much and joining in with the lairy banter. But not tonight. Because right now, on this night, it sounded too loud, raucous and altogether unappealing in a way he’d never considered before. John knew exactly what, or rather who, had changed his mind. He stole another quick glance across at Sherlock, hoping against hope he hadn’t misread this, that there was a spark of something brewing, and when he felt the message come through moments after, John didn’t need to look to know exactly what it would say:
Christ, he could only have been there a couple of hours at the most, how much time did it take to get into that much shit (he thought about the events of Tuesday night, and Trent…) – well it was Sherlock after all, so pretty much instantly then?
He usually couldn’t care less what he wore, but tonight he had chosen carefully, for John. A tailored black suit and dark aubergine shirt which contrasted strikingly with his pale skin and was just a touch too small so that the buttons strained across his chest when he moved his arms. He had already caught John gawping more than once this evening.
Mabel shifted uncomfortably.
But blatant exhibitionism is not my natural state of being, and reticence avoids impertinent questions. Victor knows of course. But then again, it would be rather inconvenient to fuck fully clothed.
“Hush now Sherlock” the voice seemed to come from far away, carried like an echo on the air as the scene began to shift again.
He smiled to himself, this could be fun.
But no, to add insult to injury, here he was in a supply closet in New Scotland Yard, dropping his pants and letting John take a photocopy of his flaccid member, to be pinned up on a wall and laughed at if he had to hazard a guess. (And he never guessed)
“Maybe”, he went on, “Probably….very likely…yes?”
“Calm yourself lad, take some time, consider it some more…and we can meet again, say a week from now?”
“I’m sorry John”
That should make his intentions very clear – why beat around the bush? The pub was slowly starting to fill, Sherlock helped Greg make some last minute a adjustments to the amps and attatched cables to effects pedals. He jerked his head up sharply when he heard a horribly familiar American drawl. Where had that voice come from?, sound was distorted from on stage and he couldn’t be sure how far away or in which direction the speaker stood. He peered out beyond the footlights and his stomach gave an uneasy lurch.
“And sex…. definitely lots more of that….and then you can tell me all about that murder you solved….”
“Don’t be thick…the impending risk of hypothermia gives me the perfect excuse to take all your fucking clothes off”
A dinner invitation? It wasn’t exactly what he’d been expecting from this conversation, a warning maybe, a keep away from my brother speech , yes, not a handshake and a meal. This was confusing and he was more than a little disconcerted.
His eye caught on a short length of metal pipe poking out from behind a rusted yellow skip, a remnant of some building work or renovations of some sort, long abandoned. It was barely six inches long and about half an inch in diameter. John doubted how useful it would be as a weapon, but maybe….
He handed me out with an arm about my back, bending for the towel at his feet and returning to dry me, the softness and warmth, skimming across my skin in soothing sweeps as gentle as a caress.
That voice, that ridiculous, deep, arrogant, dismissive voice, still as cool as fuck with a fist on his cock and a cock up his arse. Maybe a gag next time, or stuff something else in his hole, John thought, as he shoved him even further up the bed. Ah god, they were both
, as he dragged and pulled and massaged with his tongue.
Mike yanked the whole duvet off the bed, so he flipped him off before he buried his head under the pillows instead.
Baker Street.
At last after what seemed an interminable climb, we reached the landing before the door to our old room, as I had expected. Mr Oxley paused and looked back at me, and knocked upon the wooden frame three times, an ear pressed close waiting for a signal from inside. We heard scuffling from beyond, and then the handle turned from the inside. The broad, smiling face of Oliver, Mr Oxley’s partner and lover peered around the frame.
“Worked”, his tongue clicked against the roof of his mouth on the final letter, “You set the rules, I just followed, but it’s clearly over, so I’m just taking a small reminder”.
“I can’t talk about this, not with you anyway, so if you really want to help you can leave. Me. Alone” he punctuated the last three words with a deliberate stab to the chest with a bony forefinger.
…I want to come…I’m going to…
“Er, nothing really, we didn’t talk much”
(He must be ill, he decided, as his heart started to pound, or possibly an attack of vertigo, he hadn’t climbed a tree for quite some time after all…)
We would not be here much longer. If we did not find Mycroft, or work, we would be out on the streets or worse.
“Is that supposed to be an incentive?”
“Didn’t do it for you mate…Myc’s been bending my ear about peado Trevor for the last couple of years…didn’t need much of an excuse to pull him in, mess with him a bit, but John, you do know it’s highly unlikely he had anything to do with it, right?”
“You have your own Horse? Bloody hell….Oh pardon me ma’am” he shot Mama an apologetic look.
‘But what if I don’t like him Tom?’ I couldn’t help but say.
He crossed to the mirror on the wardrobe door. John had marked him up good. Three livid purple bruises, two above his collarbone and one on his neck, just below his left ear. Fuck. That was detention for sure, and it was only the first day of term. A new personal record. His parents would be so proud.
He staggered back out like a drunken man, grateful for the wall of sound which muffled the screaming thoughts in his head. I can’t lose him, I just can’t, I need him. Make it right Sherlock, please make it right.
“You dirty fuck”
“I’m… not sorry.”
‘Your body is yours and not Mrs Turner’s to bargain with, you must know that such an unholy contract would never stand up in a court of law? So please Sherlock I ask you again, will you leave this place and come away with me?’
“I would see you tonight if I could” he said in a rush “You did sort of promise me something…”
Fuck.
“If you need to get that it’s alright, don’t mind me,” Sherlock said as they skirted round a group of women, probably out on a Hen night. They were all decked out in hot pink t-shirts with their names emblazoned across the back in sequins. One, who must have been the bride John guessed, sported a silver plastic tiara too, and cheap veil with condoms randomly tacked on with safety pins. Another, who looked old enough to be his mum took a cheeky pinch at his bum as they squeezed past. He let out an undignified squeak, and Sherlock, who somehow had somehow managed to avoid their amorous attentions, smirked at him and broke into a deep, throaty chuckle.
“Um, yeah?” John said, sheepishly, taking the proffered clipboard and pen from her hand and shuffling off through yet another doorway. The sofa in question, (loose cushions sliding around on a fake willow frame) faced out onto a leisure pool, separated by a corridor of glass where several pensioners floated, motionless in a hexagon shape, like a scene from Cocoon. A sign taped to the wall read ‘Aqua-Fit Class. Pool closed.’
He shifted in the water and I dropped the cloth again, droplets ran in rivulets down his skin as he turned full around and knelt before me, skin glistening and wet. He placed two hands beneath my armpits to pull me up too, sloshing and splashing as we balanced against one another, my hands at his waist and his at my shoulders. We would have done better to step out of the tub, the cool of the air on damp flesh enough to make me shiver, but I leaned towards him, and met lips soft and warm, and plump with arousal, eagerly meeting my own with a growl. I slid my right hand from about his waist and found the hot, hard shaft of him prodding at my stomach, and taking it up with my own, I pressed our flesh together in a firm, sure grip, as much as I could manage with two, above all such a beast as his and began to move, slipping within the curl of my hand.
“And? I was under the impression she knew about us…well I know she’s pissed off we’re back together but….what the hell is wrong with you?”
John snapped, “What is
“What…..do you want him to watch?”
Weston had cast all caution aside. It was done.
A barbell through the left eyebrow this time. It straddles the arch where it tapers to the end.
The weeks turned to months and still every Sunday they met up, except the long summer break which Sherlock would spend with his grandparents in France, only returning for the last weekend before school began. Sherlock never talked about his other friends, or school (John knew it was the posh private day school on Lancaster road), or even his family, but encouraged John to spill every detail of his life, stopping him from time to time to make ‘deductions’ he called them, about classmates and his mum and Harry which usually turned out to be spookily accurate, like magic or something.
John glared at Irene who just raised her eyebrows innocently, hoping to hell she would resist the temptation of Mike’s unwitting innuendo and keep her mouth shut. The very last thing he needed to imagine was giving Sherlock a good hard poke.
No-one had ever just come out and asked him like that and when you added it together with the hand-shaking thing and the posh, plummy voice, Sherlock struck him as a very odd kid, and the way he was dressed too – like he’d just been to a wedding or some sort of posh do, trousers, not jeans and a shirt with the sleeves carefully folded back to just above the elbows. John glanced down at his frayed jeans and dirty, scuffed trainers and back up to Sherlock’s open, hopeful face and felt something like determined pride swelling in his chest. His first new friend at the new house, maybe they could bike to school together and have sleepovers and stuff.
“For what?” I said, “There is nothing to forgive”.
The sense of relief was inexpressible when he opened the door and saw the gleaming porcelain bathroom suite, and even more so when he finally got his dick out and let go, with a stream that was completely disproportionate to the volume of liquid he had consumed going by the time it took to finish.
“You could buy them something much better than this with the twenty pounds anyway…go ahead, report me…I was only telling the truth”
Erm, basically the 18th century equivalent of getting off in the back of a taxi cab.
“Shall we?”
“Just rock up and down…yeah…like that…good”
“Good observational skills Billy” he snapped, “did you do what I asked, do you have it here?”
WHACK!
“Oh my god” stuttered John “did that just happen? Please tell me it didn’t?”
He just needed to make sense of this, maybe it wasn’t as bad as he was beginning to fear, maybe he could stop the ice that was slowly rolling through his veins. The silence stretched on too long. It was bad, it was something bad.
‘Make friends Sherlock, god knows you could do with a few, or even just the one, if you want me to be brutally honest dear’.
Greg always gave the most gloriously filthy blow-jobs, plenty of tongue and saliva, good and wet, laving over the sensitive head with perfect pressure, sucking down deep until Mycroft could bloody well feel the back of his throat, then swallowing around him, throat contracting, while gently teasing his balls, a slick wet thumb gently massaging the sensitive skin behind, slowly circling closer and closer to that tight, hidden pucker…
“Sorry”, he mumbled, looking suitably chastened.
“Captain William Murray and fourteen men lost….the survivors of the land mine explosion were gunned down in a savage attack. Captain Murray was eager to get back to camp and failed to issue the order for a routine sweep, despite reports of insurgent activity in the immediate area. Captain John Watson would never have made such an error and put his men’s lives at risk, but in this reality, he didn’t exist”
John ramped up the revs and the bike shot forward through the open double doors of the workshop. The shock made Sherlock cling tighter. He squeezed his thighs against the saddle until they burned with the effort needed
“Can I help young sir?” she asked, “Did you have something particular in mind?” she held out her hand in a sweeping gesture pointing out the silks and felts and linens displayed all around. “We can make up most anything to your very own design if you wish it, you have only to tell me what it is that your young lady likes most….or your mother perchance?”
“It’s all mine boy…this perfect little arse” he slid two fingers easily inside pumping slowly in and out “I’m going to fill you up…stretch you so wide” he teased round the rim, hot and slick and wet, fingers out, lining up his shaft, he pushed inside in one slow deep thrust. It was beautiful agony as the tight muscle gave.
Sherlock stubbed out his cigarette irritably against the wall and reluctantly picked up some pieces of drum kit. He was nervous. He couldn’t remember the last time he had been nervous before a gig. It couldn’t be the performance, that never worried him. He could just forget the audience and lose himself in the rhythm of the music, adding his own chords and variations to Greg’s simple arrangement. But last night he had happened to look up for a split second to scan the crowd in front of him. Piercing eyes had stared back and his mind had temporarily parted company with his fingertips. John Watson made him feel nervous. The thought that he would see John again, very soon had him thrumming with nervous anticipation, and that had led to his third cigarette in half an hour.
“….Greg….oh…” his voice cracked with emotion, heat prickling at the corners of his eyes, the great Mycroft Holmes on his knees, undone as Greg sank in deep, only to pull back and thrust swiftly forward setting a brutal pace. Oh how he loved it hard and fast, hot and dirty, it made him feel alive, a temporary reprieve from the chaos inside his head, as he was pounded ruthlessly across the bed, Greg knowing instinctively how much he could take. His cock and balls swung heavy and aching between his spread legs and the air was forced from his lungs with every thrust.
“What of your father? Your home?”
you…think I’m gonna piss myself”
‘Nah,’ John pushed the nagging temptation away, mildly horrified to find that it
“Is it necessary to be so crass Sherlock?...I only came to wish you good luck”
“Take it out…. then fill me up again Santa”
“Um, so…” he stuttered, glancing around, “what’s so special about this place then?”
Sherlock imagined all that pent-up aggression and passion…all focused on him.
“So, where are we going, then? Am I taking you home, or somewhere else?”
It wasn’t a question, as he was muttering more to himself than to anyone else, inwardly groaning at the volume of complicated paperwork a police raid on an industrial premises would generate.
“You know him, but he’s no friend I can tell”
“Turn over for me Sherlock” he whispered softly, coaxing him over onto his front. At this point, in this trance-like state, John could have asked him to do anything and he would have.
“Shut up…I always say thank you… to you…”
It was one of Molly Hooper’s friends and she had only been introduced to John minutes before. His cheeks flamed as he realised he couldn’t remember her name, but then again he had been in a bit of a hurry to get away.
It was a game now, he guessed, to see which of them would tip over the edge first, as Sherlock growled,
And then that talented tongue took control. Sherlock’s nose wrinkled slightly in disgust at the acrid taste of lubricated latex as John just shuddered beneath him, trying to process the different sensations. The hard metal ball rolling up and down his cock and the heat of Sherlock’s tongue pressing down. It got even better when he wrapped his lips around the head and suckled lightly. Flicking at the head with the tip of his tongue and rolling the ball across the slit. It was like a fucking electric shock and he jerked up helplessly. Sherlock placed a warning hand on his hip and he dropped his arse back down onto the bed.
My clothes for the night were laid out on my bed in our adjoining chamber, and I hastened to look at them again. For a ball such as this, the dress could be elaborate but we had chosen to remain quite reserved, elegant in cut and conservative in colour. There would be spectacle enough at such an event, we add no wish to add to it. My new coat and waistcoat appeared as black at the first, the fine silk imbued with a lustrous sheen like the wing of a raven, the colours shifting and changing before the naked eye to deep greens, blues and purples once exposed to the light. The breeches and stockings were of a similar hue, more of the flat black of onyx to compliment the whole, the shoes my own for comforts sake. The mask I had left to John’s keen eye, for he would not show me, and had vowed to keep it hidden, with his own until the opportune moment, a surprise, only to be revealed once fully dressed and ready to depart.
“And what exactly to you think you know Victor?”
John quickened his pace, the lad was almost within striking distance now. It was just as he had thought, the people passing by didn’t even spare a passing glance at the small blond, scruffy teenager skilfully winding his way through the crowd.
So what should I have done dear reader?
If this was meant to calm he was mistaken, for it only served to inflame me more, as I saw with my own eyes the relish with which he tasted that very essence, the core of my sex.
WHACK!
“My first time”, John began, “They held me down and shoved it so far down my throat I thought I might die, and still, when they let me catch a breath, they kept my head fixed and fucked me in the mouth so hard the skin of my lips bled raw”.
Sherlock Holmes was the talk of the department store, the main topic of conversation being that he had sent several children home in tears, and some of the parents too by all accounts. ‘They should just sack the bastard’ John had said, but apparently his brother was on the Board of Director’s so they were bloody well stuck with him. But now apparently, behaving like an arrogant arse got you promoted from ‘Home and Garden’ (for the parents who couldn’t be bothered to walk up the stairs) to Santa’s Christmas Grotto in the Toy Department on the third floor, where he worked.
Sarah dissolved into a peal of shrill laughter at his words, knowing full well what he meant by them, it amused him to tease me this way, a kiss or a touch when eyes were averted were now a thrilling addition to our social engagements.
“Yeah, I know you do….so do as you’re fucking told and move…and look, I even made you a tea…” he heard the clink of a mug on the bedside table behind his head , “so shit, shower and shave mate… we’re leaving in half an hour” Mike slapped him hard across the backside eliciting a yelp of surprise before slamming the door as he left John’s room.
And John, I knew it, although the pull was indefinable, was waiting in the room we had shared, our room, up the narrow flight of stairs where he had brought me on the day he had saved me, with its large iron bedstead and a window looking out onto the square below, the promise of red wine and kisses on his lips, crisp white sheets, soft pillows and whispers in the honey glow of candlelight.
“Oi! Not funny,” he scolded, ignoring the chorus of wolf-whistles. Good-natured as it had been, he could fully understand why girls hated it when boys did it. Christ, a pack of women could be scary.
It could not have been clearer – without John I was in danger.  I was cast adrift in the ocean, and she, like a saw-toothed shark, circled as she scented my blood in the water.
Was it any wonder, he thought, that Sherlock had bailed on him when John had been hurt, so unable to process the turmoil inside him he’d drowned the whole thing in a chemical high.
“Something very,
“But he’s with John, they left together, I don’t know where they were going but John didn’t have any of his things with him, so not home…..anyway, for all we know he might have told him to piss off”
“Do you still trust me?”
“Don’t fucking joke about it” Sherlock hissed, losing patience, “anyway, I’ll bet you didn’t exactly take a vow of celibacy the whole time you were away”
“Why do you care?” Sherlock snapped. “I don’t, not at all…I’m just trying to work out what I’m dealing with here, sweet young innocent…or slutty little cock- tease”.
Sherlock bit his lip and he squeezed his eyes shut, as if that would help, as if he hadn’t just opened up his chest and revealed himself. Christ, why did he always have to complicate things when this wasn’t supposed to mean anything? His pressed his forehead against the Sherlock’s, “Someone like you would always mean something, how could you not know that?....I want you, want this….I really fucking do, but if you think I’m the type of bloke who would treat you like some sort of….object, I think….I think you should probably go”.
“No change there then”
A mate of his, Chris, had been mugged last year, got separated from his group on a sightseeing tour and stabbed in the back for an I-pod and twenty quid…he never even saw their face, and no-one came forward to help. And all that happened in broad daylight, fifty yards from Oxford Street, and not a witness in sight?
“We were just about ready to send in a search party mate…but Vince here thought you might be having a crafty pre-party wank” Mike shoved him playfully, and they all erupted in peals of laughter as he followed John out of the flat.
“Oh I’ll bet you have…”
Without waiting for an answer the boy swung himself up onto the lowest branch, climbing with a practised ease. And Sherlock most certainly did not notice, the flex of muscles in his gorgeously defined arms, or the little huffs and grunts he made, or the way the exertion had made him start to pant…
“Your turn”, said Victor, waving his empty bottle at Sherlock as the two girls that had been eyeing them up for the last half hour, finally got the message and moved away, disappointed.
“And passengers?”
“I’m delighted to finally meet you”, Sherlock said, narrowing his eyes a little at the possessive way she held John to her, specifically meant, he knew, to draw John further away from him.
Propriety be damned, they had to do this, once John went home again, they might not get another chance.
Sherlock smirked and poked his tongue out, teasing the bar between his teeth. John reached up and cupped Sherlock’s face in his palms, rubbing his thumbs over those impossible cheekbones. He moved closer, breath mingling, warm and humid between them and licked out at that plump bottom lip sucking on it gently then nipping lightly before he drew back. Sherlock shuddered and bent down to capture John’s mouth again, pressing eagerly inside the seam of his lips the metal bar clicking against John’s teeth. It felt amazing, warm wet tongue and smooth cool metal, swirling and sliding in his mouth. He slid a hand to the back of Sherlock’s head and buried his fingers in the mass of soft dark curls, squeezing and pulling while Sherlock pressed forward, his hand still working John’s cock. He could feel a curl of heat in his gut, balls growing tighter and he jerked his head back, panting.
“Oh don’t look at me like that Greg, for goodness sake just tell me what I missed”
“I hurt you?”
“But that’s just me again…what about you?”
This. This was all. This was Everything.
‘I beg of you ma’am the boy is yet untamed, he has scarce been here more than a day. Please press upon the gentleman that he must go gently or this is sure to end in tears’.
“He could be anywhere in here”, Greg said, “There are loads of little rooms upstairs where people can crash out, sleep”
Victor sighed, fingers clasped round the door handle, poised, “However much you might wish it Sherlock, people don’t just stop caring…stop loving someone…just because the other person wants them to….it might do for you to remember that”, he added, sadly as he slipped out again.
“You need a lift somewhere? Only, you’ll look like frosty the snowman soon if you don’t get the hell out of this blizzard”
He sucked on the scalded digit and stared in surprise at the screen. A message from Sherlock. He had evidently found a way to bend Mycroft’s rules.
Before he had the chance of another close brush with death, they bundled through the door into the warm fuggy atmosphere of their ‘friendly’ local pub. The bar staff visibly blanched when Sherlock walked up to the bar. John just goggled, but not for the same reason as them, when the hell did the lanky bastard ever get the first round in?
I drew his arm around me and clasped his hand to my heart.
“Can I take it out….get my hand around properly?”
John’s face broke into a grin as Sherlock slid into the seat across from him, and took a nervous sip from a glass already filled with his favourite red wine.
“How did you boys meet, do you study together or live in the same building or something?, come on I’m dying to know how you’ve managed to replace Mike Stamford after all these years”. She sipped her tea and glanced between them, curious, until she finally settled on Sherlock.
“It would just upset me so much to see an intelligent young man like you fall in with the wrong crowd, especially seeing how that lovely boy down there adores you so much. Do the right thing dear. Don’t spoil things for yourself….or him”, she patted his arm affectionately.
“What exactly does gay look like anyway?” said John, and anyway, you tosser, I never said I was, I think I might be bi”
He was lying. And I did not know why. It was ever my curse that my lover would be the one I could not read.
John stirred “I have to be getting back too, but I’ll be here same time next week if you want to hang out again….”
“Paul…my name’s Paul”
“Yeah, well I didn’t get much sleep last night”, or any in fact, he couldn’t quite muster the energy to add.
“Next time?”
“It’s a mind your own business”
“Shit” he blurted as he almost dropped the bloody thing when it went off in his hand.
“In that case I look forward to seeing you both again”.
It’s fine, its fine, the voice in his head repeated like a mantra, last night was good, it would be just as good again. Sherlock wanted to be with him, he didn’t care that John was new to all this, they could take their time, they had all night after all. He took another gulp of water and swished it around a little, wishing for toothpaste or mouthwash. He placed the mug down and watched silently as Sherlock pushed back his chair and moved around the table to stand in front of him.
Good, John thought, and smiled. That’s… good.
“God, John, I want you now…please”
I wanted to speak, I could not speak, as the words were not there to express the magnitude of the service he had done for me. But why? Why would he offer to become my benefactor upon so brief an acquaintance? I vexed my mind that could not perceive his thoughts.
“Er, I guess so” John flopped down beside him and was immediately beset by wagging tails and hot, smelly dog breath as the two new playmates discovered another human to thoroughly irritate.
“I looked in earlier you see, and you were both fast asleep, so peaceful, I didn’t have the heart to wake you, but you’re up now so chop-chop, you have half an hour before breakfast”.
Greg plopped down beside him, splattering small droplets of sweat and mud, much to the disgust of Irene, who threw daggers at him as she wiped the dirty splashes from her freshly laundered robes.
Sherlock finds employment at Mrs Turner's gentleman's club, but the good lady is not all she appears to be.
I nodded my assent.
“Here” Sherlock relished the look of surprise on John’s face as he tossed a piece of fruit into his hand and he offered it up in just the right way, held flat on the palm of his hand. Jute snuffled it up and mashed it between her teeth, showering them both with soggy lumps.
“How much money do you have? School is in the opposite direction to your flat you know”
The wound in his heart gave a stab, just to rub the whole damn mess in his face.
“John, for fuck’s sake man, just leave it, come on”, Greg shouted, jogging to catch up with him he was moving so fast, almost running now. Victor had moved round the bonnet, standing at the other side to put a ton of solid, bright red car between them like the coward he was.
Tom said it would hurt a little, just at first and knowing no different I assumed this to be truth, but I could not bring myself to trouble John’s earnest face with the thought that his affections may cause me not the pleasure he sought to give, but pain. He looked into my eyes and I swear despite myself he saw the faint flicker of apprehension which I had tried so very hard to conceal.
“And a cocky bastard”
“Don’t be an idiot, of course you are….come round at nine, bring a bottle if you can, mum’s gone OTT with snacks and dips so we’re all set on the food front, not that you eat anyway you skinny little bastard…just… it would be good to see you…please come”
“I must admit I’m mildly impressed Sherlock, how quaint, defending your honour as if you were some sort of damsel in distress”
John. Another bland doctor’s surgery, still treating the sniffles and lower back pain of the masses, ever the dutiful soldier and husband, Sherlock thought bitterly. John was last to leave the building at the end of the day, pressing the button that lowered the security grille across the windows and door with an audible sigh. He drew his phone from his pocket and punched in a string of digits before raising it to his ear and quirking his mouth into a hideously false smile.
“And what was that exactly?”
Victor gave a soft sigh of relief at the less abrasive tone
I could see our way through. Beams of wood criss-crossed before us in the roof space, and at the juncture, where one house met the other there was a narrow crawl-space in the brick. We went down on hands and knees, balanced carefully on the wooden struts, crawling and shuffling our way forward through choking dust and cobweb alike.
Flat 42 was just as shabby and depressing as the rest from the outside, peeling red paint on the rotted wooden door, and a line of faded washing strung haphazardly across the walkway. John ducked his head to avoid knickers and jeans as Sherlock rapped loudly, pressing an ancient looking doorbell for good measure.
It was the same place again, like that very first night, not even two weeks ago, when John had still thought himself straight and Sherlock just wanted him too much to care. But Sherlock had been the one in control that time, and now the tables had turned.
“Oi, Kate, you got Mark’s number?” she called back over her shoulder, “Glen’s only gone and sent one of Mark’s druggies round here, stupid git”
“I don’t bite Mr Watson, I can assure you” the voice continued with added sarcasm.
“I haven’t seen you here before” Sherlock said, and cringed at just how obvious that statement had been, bland and boring and not at all the impression he hoped to make. And what exactly was that? That he knew what he was doing, in control, confident, sexy? It was always a fine line with the older ones, which role they wanted you to play, impressionable little twink that they could show what to do or just a fit young body they could fuck through the mattress and treat like a dirty whore.
“I believe we should further our acquaintance, with Sherlock’s full approval of course. I wouldn’t dream of forcing either of you to do anything against your will”.
“Much as I am loathe top pour cold water on our happy little gatherin’, tongues’ll be set a waggin’ if I stay up ‘ere much longer.”
Their eyes locked for a quick frantic second, until Sherlock broke and bolted for the bedroom door, he ripped it open and it snapped back quickly, catching John on the shoulder as he darted out behind him. Strong arms wrapped around Sherlock’s waist as he ran. And he stumbled, slamming down onto the concrete floor with a sickening thud, John half on top of him, pinning him in place using his extra weight to full advantage. Fingers scratched at his sides as John tried to prise his arms out from beneath him to get to the phone still clutched in his fist.
John fished out his pocket watch. “All is good, we have ten minutes to spare”.
“Flat number forty- two, Elsa Reay and Kate Warren” Sherlock said, dropping his finished cigarette on the ground and grinding the butt into the concrete with his toe.
As I was yet to discover, Mr Weston was famed for his premature explosions having yet to get his cock inside a single orifice and more often than not, unable to get it up at all. This only served to increase his frustration and anger throwing the blame at the object of his unwanted affections for the failed attempt, at times acting violently against them in anger at his impotence.
Tom nodded curtly, his lips pressed together in a thin line, his shoulder brushing slightly against my own.
“Well”, said Sherlock, “I thought you might want to take the time to get to know one another a bit better….but if you insist, I’m game”.
I hummed as we moved around the room, a slow graceful waltz at a tempo quite manageable for the novice to master to show what I wished him to improve upon, picking up speed as I went along. The chaise was pushed back to the wall by the dresser and the rug rolled back to expose the smoothness of the floor below in an adequate impression of a ballroom. It was mid-afternoon, Mrs Davis was taking tea with a neighbour and not expected to be back within the hour.
John wiggled around then, turned onto his back and gazed up at Sherlock with mischievous blue eyes.
My hands fell away to my sides and I felt him there, sweet breath against the back of my neck and an arm that curled lightly about the dip of my waist, drawing me gently to him.
The boy dropped his hand and moved swiftly along the street, just expecting John to follow along behind. He could have bolted then, buggered off out of sight and found a new target somewhere else, in another street. But something about this odd boy had him hooked and he stumbled along in his haste to catch up.
So he did it again, and again, laving over John’s hole until he felt him relax underneath him, before probing further, pushing inside, just a little with the tip of his tongue into hot silky heat, pulling out, pushing in again, gently fucking John open while running his hands up and down shaking thighs. He pulled away and John whined at the loss.
“Ay Ay boys!, the first drink is on me, cheers”
Sherlock rolled his eyes “I thought you had at least a few more brain cells than that”
But much as he’d like to think otherwise, this was as close as John was ever likely to get to Sherlock Holmes - the great untouchable. Sherlock rarely spoke and barely interacted with the other students. When he wasn’t in the studio, he was holed up in the library or the labs and John would swear he’d never seen him in the dinner hall at lunch or break time either. John couldn’t quite decide if Sherlock was shy, existed solely on air, or if he simply just preferred to be alone.
I recalled my father’s derisive condemnation over the breakfast table, raising his head from behind the broadsheet to broadcast to the room that yet another filthy sodomite had been brought before the courts and sentenced to imprisonment. ‘And good riddance to them’ he would snort, turning the page with an angry snap. Mother would always excuse herself and leave the room. I believe now that she knew of Mycroft’s preference and feared for his safety within the house if he was ever found out and although she did not doubt the loyalty of our own family staff there were many in the village and visitors to the house who may have been more loose-tongued.
Finally, calmer, when the world had slowed down a little his hands slid up to circle Sherlock’s waist, and he pulled him forward until they lay pressed chest to sticky chest. He exhaled.
“Sherlock?" John's voice called from the other side of the door, "You okay in there mate, Molls said you looked rat-arsed and she saw you crawling out the door…I thought I’d better check on you….are you good?”
I suffered his attentions for two long hours, as he whipped out a measure and man-handled my figure again and again. I truly believe that it was far from necessary to take quite so many measures of my inside leg and to check at least three times as to which side I dressed. It is the left for those who would like to know, not that I see this of any import to anyone other than myself.
“He was your ride home, Victor, I mean, wasn’t he?” John said. He felt guilty that his rashness and stupidity had put Sherlock in this position in the first place.
John’s eyes went wide as the boy pulled a tin from god knows where and popped it open. He extracted a packet of Rizla’s, pulling two out to double-up then filling it with a generous pinch of tobacco… and something else. He licked the edge of the paper with the tip of a pink tongue and rolled it expertly between long graceful fingers, squeezing it in tighter at one end. He had obviously done this a thousand times, the entire process took only seconds.
Weston heaved his bulk out of the chair, and stalked around the desk to stand before me. It was too much like the first time I encountered him, I standing small and uncertain while he ogled and stripped me naked with his eyes. He had taken my innocence and now planned to complete my ruin.
Now, on waking, I had cause to reap the less pleasurable effects of that which we had sown the day before, a sore head and mouth like an arid desert from the wine and a stinging arse from a most delightful fucking, of which I was determined never to issue a word of complaint, for I would endure much discomfort for the chance to drown in those liquid sweets again.
Mycroft ran his hands over his face in frustration. Whether Victor had invited or encouraged Sherlock’s advances or whether his brother had been seduced Mycroft still wasn’t entirely sure as Sherlock refused to speak about the entire incident, but he was painfully aware of how singularly persuasive and alluring his brother could be when he decided to turn on the charm. Add to this his natural charisma (when he wasn’t being deliberately repellent) and physical appearance…. well, let’s just say Sherlock had a very particular way to get what he wanted.
“Oh, you know. Just stuff. People.” Sherlock shrugged. He was avoiding the question with a non-answer, John knew, but he didn’t want to push, not yet.
Mike eyed him shrewdly, “Maybe, but it’s not always all about you mate”
It was no use even trying to explain, because to Mummy he would always be a child, her sweet little angel boy.
“How do you know that?”
For the first time Lestrade looked hesitant, touched by the longing now apparent in my voice. He reached across the table and covered my hand with his own.
been up to…. And why you seek him today. You were cavorting, no doubt, and now your payment has run out and you seek more from him.”
Sherlock finds it quite liberating.
“What? Shoot off like a garden hose?”
“Don’t be so over dramatic Sherlock…the poor boy has ruined his clothes because of you and your dangerous games, what were you thinking of?”
“Bloody hell”, he gasped when Sherlock drew his hand up in one long, teasing pull, “No problem, not at all, how about you show me what that pretty mouth can do?”
“Oh god Sherlock, I want you so much “ Victor panted raggedly into his skin, in a similar heightened state as he mouthed hungrily at Sherlock’s neck and jaw, licking, nipping and sucking all the way. Oh god, it felt so good…why did it have to feel so fucking good? he thought as he tilted his head back and groaned, pulling Victor closer, feeling the drag of friction through his tight denim jeans as his hips rocked forward, instinctively seeking more. Victor pressed back, hot and hard , sucking hungrily on fevered skin, a harsh burning pain as he felt the bruise form, fading to warm liquid heat which flowed down his body, pooling hotly in his groin His eager cock throbbed, trapped against the confines of his clothes, desperate for more now, wanting skin on bare skin, an overwhelming need to touch and feel as he dared to palm Victor’s straining prick, sliding his pants down to the floor.
“What do I want with marriage….or do you for that matter?” I railed, and stomped about the room shedding my clothes as I went, until I stood full naked by the foot of the bed as he looked on, a soft sad smile playing at the corners of his mouth.
“If everyone could take their places I think we are ready” Mycroft clapped his hands together, successfully ruining the moment yet again (tonight was going to be one long relentless cock-block, he was sure).
This had dragged on long enough.
The door shut with an ominous ‘clunk’.
“What the fuck?....Sherlock?”
He wants me to like it, Sherlock realised, or at least, to not look down on him as others had obviously done. It angered Sherlock, the thought that others might’ve dared to judge John on the basis of his family background, as if by earning a good, honest living in sweat and dirt had rendered John somehow unworthy, or less than. But unsurprising, Sherlock conceded, given the inverse proportion of money to brains of the average pupil in their year group, that, and the fact John was clearly there on his own merit having won one of the few academic scholarships available. John was so much more than just a member of the rugby team.
“Yeah well, I feel like that about whoever gave you this” John traced a fingertip lightly over Sherlock’s face, making him shiver.
The doctor came out, minus the self-comfort of his clip-board and silently motioned John over, holding the door open for him to enter.
(Well, he had to have some way to amuse himself).
(Sherlock Holmes you little rebel, sneaking round the back of the gym for a crafty cigarette).
He hovered, weighing up how rude it would be to just make his excuses and leave.
John was shaking slightly, tremors running up from his quivering knees to his fingertips. His teeth were chattering too, but not from the cold, more akin to a state of shock. If the man standing next to him hadn’t been so old, John would have punched him by now.
“John Watson, are you calling me a mess?” Sherlock asked with a faint smirk, as he fished out an offending journal which had rudely poked him in the bottom. He tossed it over the side and it landed on the floor with a thump where it sat, splayed open, Sherlock’s spidery writing crowding every page. “Guilty as charged, I suppose.”
A humble meal with a friend should be harmless should it not?
“Sorry, I didn’t mean to sound all snippy.”
“S’your fault John Watson….you wanted me pissed so you could steal my virtue…didn’t you?” he slurred, poking a finger into the side of John’s face as he was firmly pushed in the direction of the toilet bowl. The way John’s cheek dimpled around his fingertip made him giggle again.
“Why?”
He was so close now, could feel a burning in his gut, balls drawn up tight, ready to pop, and Sherlock’s eyes went wide, as he slammed himself over and over, hitting just the right spot. And just as John’s hand reached out to touch his neglected erection, Sherlock came, long ribbons of come spooling out all over the Santa suit, as his tight little hole squeezed and clenched hungrily around John’s cock until he spilled over too, pulsing out warm semen into Sherlock’s arse.
He seemed to recall being bottom-up and face-down at some point, snoring like a pig in the middle of a very interesting job. That was before the charge of drunk and disorderly, and a hangover so bad he thought his entire body was going to fall out through his arse.
John shot him a nervous look. What was that for? Sherlock didn’t give himself time to ponder, all too aware that his own turn would soon be coming up, praying that John would be the one to choose whether he went with Truth, or Dare. Because John wouldn’t make him do something awful like kiss a girl, would he?
“What the hell did you think you were doing?” John hissed at Harry from the relative privacy of the kitchen. He sister glared back at him, irritatingly smug and unrepentant.
” his tongue rolled sarcastically over the last two words.
‘Shall we to bed then, or do you wish to fuck upon the floor like animals?’
As his eyes adjusted, John peered past Sherlock to see a dark, ominous shape that loomed out of the trees in front of them. He could see high, grey stone walls and a steep pitched roof squatting at the edge of the clearing. There were gaps that may have been windows at one time but the lack of reflection made him think – no glass. The building seemed abandoned and likely in a state of advanced dereliction too, if the tangle of undergrowth surrounding it was anything to go by and the trees and bushes which encroached on the clearing itself suggested no-one had lived here for some years. It was, in John’s opinion, an odd location for a home, looking to his eyes almost like an image from a fairy-tale book. Not the sweet innocent Disney kind, but more like the dark, creepy, really bad things happen here kind.
‘I do Mrs Turner, very handsome indeed’, and to myself she said, with a look of arch amusement, ‘Our mistress has such a lot of nieces and nephews young sir, you are sure to be very happy here’.
“It’s where we need to be, its safe…ish, under cover, empty, away from prying eyes, need I go on?” Sherlock rummaged in a kitchen drawer and pulled out two forks, he handed one to John and began hungrily stuffing noodles into his mouth.
As soon as his head stopped spinning enough that the danger of falling had passed, he started forward to the black door across the road.
“Oh god Sara, I’m so, so sorry. I’m not going to stand here and pretend that wasn’t what it looked like, because it’s exactly what it looked like, and I’m the world’s biggest dick, I know. I meant to call, I should’ve called, it just….it just…..sort of…happened…..I don’t even know how….I…..I…” he trailed off, unsure how to continue.
He plucked a light blue crew neck out of the drawer and held it up against his chest, peering into the mirror in the hope that this time it would look right (he would settle for okay at a push). The colour picked out his eyes and didn’t make his skin look so deathly white and with dark indigo jeans it might just look alright.
Excellent, he had embarrassed himself so much apparently, that John couldn’t even bear to face him, sending a messenger up with a stupid fucking well-meaning bottle of water instead.
Sherlock’s deep silky tones vibrated against his throat, sounding as wrecked a he now felt. He grabbed Sherlock’s hips and gripped them tight, the way he knew Sherlock liked, tight enough to hurt before thrusting up and winding his hips, feeling the prickle of pubic hair create delicious friction along his shaft as Sherlock’s balls rubbed against him. His heart pounded in his chest and he heard the rush of blood in his ears as a warm tingling heat slowly travelled down his body, burning in the pit of his stomach. His cheeks felt hot and flushed and small beads of sweat broke out on his brow and upper lip. He wished to god that Sherlock would grab their cocks or something because this was fucking tortuous, a bare minimum of friction.
“Forgive me”, I said, wary of inviting his censure, “but I do not understand”.
“We met at a concert, Sherlock was playing the bass and I was in the audience…I was there with Mike, the first Monday of term”.
Electricity crackled in the air between them, palpable, meaning hidden inside meaning in one short sentence. John focused on the swell of Sherlock’s bottom lip, the way it stuck out slightly in the hint of a pout, and thought about what it might be like to bite down on it and suck it into his mouth.
John teaches Sherlock a thing or two, and past ties are broken at last.
“A week then”, I said, “If nothing occurs to my mind before then, it is never likely to. I thank you Constable Lestrade for your time, and for your diligence… you succeeded where others have not”.
“What?” Mike started laughing now, failing to register the hostile atmosphere.
“And he requested to see us both?” “Yes sir, he did sir…most particular he was sir on that score”.
“What? No. Sherlock…we’re not together, we never have been,” John rushed to clarify, “I’m not
“Yes Sir….
“You really think so?” Sherlock failed to conceal the uncertainty in his voice, as if he’d expected ridicule instead.
“Don’t worry? Have you any idea what could’ve happened to him in a place like that?”.
He’d almost forgotten how good this felt, velvety hot and pulsating, the friction as you pushed against the resistance. Every thrust and drag was like fire and sin and white hot blinding pleasure and John wondered how he’d ever lived without this feeling for five long years.
“You catch on quick” he started to move.
John pushed himself up and rocked back on his heels, scrubbing a hand across his face in a mixture of arousal and growing frustration. The change in mood was instant, the charged air and electric crackle of an imminent fuck was gone, replaced by resignation and a growing sense of disappointment at something lost, something they could never recapture.
“Spoilsport”
Sherlock sniffed and flinched away from John’s probing fingers, huffing in irritation as John grasped his chin anyway and tilted his face from side to side, taking in the full technicolour horror of a bust lip and black eye. This was nothing new either. Nearly every week after Redbeard, since they were thirteen years old, Sherlock had turned up on John’s doorstep unannounced with some newly acquired injury and they had long ago given up the pretence that he acquired them by accident. John would just usher him in and take him upstairs to his room where Sherlock would perch on the edge of the bed while John played doctor with the contents of the bathroom medicine cabinet, cleaning and swabbing and patching him up.
Sherlock could see Sally approaching again from the corner of his eye, she was holding a pocket book in one hand and scrolling through a list of contacts on a mobile phone at the same time. “You still here freak?” she said, icily, before she turned her attention to Greg, “D.I wants us to follow up some possible witnesses, neighbours, a couple of delivery drivers, if you’ve finished babysitting this tosser that is…you could you know, come and do your real job?”
“Oh my god, what have I just said… nothing dangerous you lunatic!”
The bell would ring for registration in ten minutes, just enough time to change out of his clothes and into his spare uniform (this wasn’t the first time he had done the walk of shame on a school day), but he refused to hurry. Sherlock only ran when he wanted to, school could bloody well wait. The lack of books didn’t perturb him either, he could blag all the lessons without them, it wasn’t difficult – attendance was a mere formality at this point as he had long ago outstripped his peers intellectually.
Because they both knew what ‘
“Filthy boys need to be punished…. So what do you suggest I should do to you Boy?” John said with a lust-filled groan, cock tenting his trousers now, completely invested in this new game.
John cast once last nervous glance to our right before he followed at my side, his short, quick strides keeping an easy pace with my own. It was past noon as we made our way along the crowded embankment by Westminster bridge, stopping only briefly to buy a pork pie apiece from a butcher’s boy with a laden tray, and to sit in the shade of a cypress tree, savouring the rich buttery crust and the succulent meat within. A carriage would not have aided us this day, the route rendered impassable, clogged with brewery drays and wagons from the warehouses.
Sherlock rolled his eyes feigning boredom.
He loved the rambling estate but he loved London just as much. The smells and the people, the sights and the sounds, made a heady whirlpool of human existence that Sherlock was desperate to explore.
Holy shit, did he even realise how much that turned him on?
“You may as well tell me, I’ll work it out anyway…but I’d rather hear it from you John”
“Yes”, Mycroft drawled, “I don’t suppose you do, but the police might”.
“A pretty little mystery Mr Worthington brought to me”, he said, his countenance open and bright, “A missing person would not normally come to my notice, but this one was fascinating indeed”.
I brushed my fingers lightly across his cheek and pressed a swift, dry kiss at the corner of his mouth. John blinked at me in the half-light, his brow creased in thought. He opened his mouth and drew a breath as if to speak again but then he turned away from me instead, and made his way towards the tall wooden gates pulled closed to conceal our illicit assignation.
Sherlock knelt down on the carpet beside it and held up the nozzle, lifting the plastic air bed at the corner to look for a corresponding attachment and found it bore no more than a passing resemblance to the weird plastic funnel in his hand.
“How the bloody hell are you going to fold your long legs into that tiny thing, even our old tin bath at home has more room than that, it can fit me and Harry both at the same time”
“Okay then” he stammered, “ but… I can’t promise about the alcohol”
off, and that’s why I love you so much, now…
John felt as if a cold hard stone had settled in the pit of his stomach, the cool passionless way Sherlock admitted he basically prostituted himself for a fix. He tried in vain to push the bleak, painful image of Sherlock on his knees in some dark, filthy place, degrading himself for drugs. Why the hell would he do that to himself. A cold sheen of sweat prickled on his upper lip, his mouth filling with water. Oh god he was going to puke. He forced himself to take deep calming breaths pulling in through his nose.
I pushed the tray aside and drew my knees up to my chin. How was I to answer that which I barely knew myself? But still I tried, for his sake, beckoned him close and curled up into his side with my head on his chest, listening to the pounding of his heart, too fast for one at rest.
A great many things have been said about me, and written too dear reader, and not all of them very kind. But now, I take it upon myself to relate the truth of the matter, so at length the details of my scandalous life may be laid out before you – my own true history.
“I’ll just ring you later then,” Victor called after them, sounding faintly amused, rather than hurt at Sherlock’s outburst.
“Come on then”, he said when he finally got his breath back, and they padded back along the street the way they had come, doubling back around the back of the club. It started to rain then, fat heavy drops splatting on bare skin as Sherlock eyed up a high mesh fence thoughtfully.
Another Sherlock experiment, then?
“Maybe…once upon a time, but a cheating wife and the financial strain of divorce can take its toll on a man…not to mention the fact that this Lestrade never met his protégé, the young drug-addict Sherlock Holmes. You inspired him from the day that you met and he became your protector and confidante, long before John Watson was ever heard of, despite the fact that you frustrated and exasperated him in equal measure with your unorthodox methods and sharp tongue”
