"I dun' y'ike co'd."
“Shhh. He has very delicate ears. And he’s not a rodent, he’s an insectivore.”
"He could have come to us."
Mycroft stepped over to the entrance to the kitchen. "Gregory," he called down the hallway. "Look for his bottle in there."
your bottle, anyway?"
"I fine'im, My'coff!" Sherlock held up his bunny by it's fluffy tail proudly.
“That’s enough.” Mycroft put Jawn’s plate down in front of him. “I also know where it is, but I’d prefer to finish my dinner before I deal with it.”
"Shh-sh-sh, I know." Mycroft kissed the side of his warm head. "But we're going upstairs to lay in the big bed. You like the big bed, don't you?"
“He has a selective memory," Jawn said, scrubbing at his eyes. “Him being a weepy baby gets deleted just as soon as he gets what he wants.”
John began to pet Sherlock.  They stayed snuggled on the sofa for a bit before John moved to usher the little detective off of his lap. "Alright Pet, nap time." John said around a yawn. The younger man immediately started to huff his displeasure. "Whinging isn't a good idea if you'd like to pick our takeaway, Pet." John stood up stiffly, his legs protesting loudly.
"There's no nappy bag in this car, is there?" Greg asked, eyeing Jawn's half asleep little face.
Jawn chirped in delight, taking up the ‘sword’ like a swashbuckler. “I’m mean g'een long Jawns!” he shouted as he rocketed out the door, making the swishing sound effects for his sword as he did battle with an invisible foe.
"You were the one with him, weren't you paying attention?!"
"Why, are you gonna take the blame this time?"
"Very good." Mycroft held the cup up and used the flower stem to stir it a little. "What do you think, is that lavender enough?"
, at midnight," Mycroft said, and shared a pointed look with Greg before casting a glance back at Sherlock, who was licking his fingers clean. "Throwing up will be incredibly painful right now," he whispered. "He's likely just eaten more in the last half hour than he has in the last several days combined."
, My'cobb!"
"Gregory."
“Let’s talk about Jawn’s padded bum, hmm?”
“…I want a cup.”
"Worth it." Greg immediately put himself into Mycroft's spot on the bed, with Jawn still huddled in his lap.
“The mattress isn’t really the issue.” Sherlock grumbled around the thumb that had made its way into his mouth.
"Jes--hm," Molly caught herself and murmured. "What happened?"
"Actually, I think it's time for the next dose of Sherlock's medicine," Mycroft said, coming to the rescue. "Gregory, will you go get it while we clean up for our next game?"
“Yes, it’s Valentine's Day,” he announced, standing up. “And you’re my lover. So… big boy time is called for.”
Mycroft shook his head; "No, thank you." He stood and wrapped an arm around Greg's waist. "Why don't you have a nap, too? Might as well, with the baby sleeping."
Yet, Mycroft knew that it wasn't 'nuthin'. "We can hardly be festive with a badly damaged toddler sleeping between us," he said, and sat down with a sigh.
"No, no more eggs...these are going to be extra fluffy cupcakes as it is," Mycroft said, sliding the bowl away.
Mycroft started to scold his little brother for shouting, but Greg interrupted; "Y'know, you said you've got cameras in the yard?" he asked.
!" Mycroft slammed his hand against the counter, and Greg flinched. "
"Ba'ss'er," Sherlock murmured.
"Yes, perhaps."
“I foun’ a dinosaur to be fren’s wi'f Jeffrey.”
“…Dinosaurs?” Mycroft asked, puzzled…this didn’t look age-appropriate in the slightest.
"I dun y'ike it."
"I y'ike t'wains," Sherlock said, keeping his eyes firmly on the steps.
"An' b'yanke'd for my fee'd."
Jawn was up on his knees in the crib, his sweaty forehead wedged against the bars. The second he saw Greg, he began to babble nonsense and make grabby hands, ready to be picked up.
Hm. Mycroft was going to have to tread this one lightly. "Already did."
Without hesitation, he smacked the back of the first thigh he saw. Sherlock howled indignantly, and released the hold he had on Jawn’s ear to cover his thigh.
ridiculous.
Sherlock looked over at the little doctor with the bed-mussed hair that was slogging over to them, and the warmth that emanated from his gaze made even Mycrofts' 'stiff upper lip' waver a touch.
"Burn a baby?!?" Sherlock looked up from the placemat he'd been coloring on.
Mycroft gaped in mock outrage; "You
Sherlock hummed noncommittally, rocking Jawn even though he was sound asleep and snoring softly
Sherlock kissed the flower and dropped it into the cup; "Fa' Jawn."
“Hey!” Jawn shoved his way out from underneath his towel. “I was gonna–!”
Sherlock plopped him bum down in the middle of the doorway, "I'm no'd cu'de."
"Gregory often needs help getting his trousers off."
“...Hided it?” Jawn said slowly, his eyebrows drawing together.
“Jawn. This is no longer funny,” Sherlock said, putting the sunglasses back down where they had been, obviously taken off and dropped. He examined the grass for footprints but saw none. Damn lush greenery.
"Ta'."
Jawn crossed his arms and gave Mycroft an upside down glare that could rival the detective’s when he was in full sulk-mode. “Wipe that look off your face…wait, I can do that for you,” he said, and proceeded wipe one of his wet hands over Jawn’s face, then smirked as he sputtered.
“You asked for pasta.”
“Yes, Jawn; your green trousers. Where are they?”
Jawn shook his head.
"He wants it cold."
"You frog's is stupid," Sherlock shot back, his cheeks red. "They don' e'ben ha'b names!"
Sherlock pouted and rubbed at his damp cheek. "We c'n py'ay now?"
"Wasn't terribly concerned this afternoon."
"Bax'er c'n wear shor'ds ins'ead of me."
Sherlock curled his lip and stuck out his tongue in disgust. "Tha'ds nas'ee...my fee'd don'd swe'd, G'eg."
Jawn shook his head very hard; “No! I wa’sh star’bing!”
"So bossy."
"G'eg."
"GREGORY."
"Gaw' gaw' gaw'."
“Bu’ you said a funny.”
Sherlock moved out onto the landing, placing the stool at his feet. He glanced at Daddy, still doing the washing up from breakfast. He nudged the stool with his barefoot, almost gleeful at the dull scrap it made against the hardwood. He nudged a few more times until one of the four stout legs was dangling over the staircase. Sherlock thought of sitting on the stool now. It might be fun, like riding a bucking bronco. He glanced again into the kitchen and Daddy still wasn’t paying attention to him, probably assuming Sherlock was sitting on the stool as he’d been told. Daddy was always crap at deductions.
"Yes, sweetheart. I'll be along in a few minutes. Go enjoy your friend."
“Sorry.” Sherlock snuffled into Daddy’s neck. John just shook his head and gave him a squeeze.
Sherlock looked up at Greg, confused. "Wa'ss mysel'b?"
"Gregory."
Sherlock looked up and gave his brother a broad, shit-eating grin. “I would get it myself, but…” He used his head to gesture down at Jawn dozing in his lap, and shrugged.
"What?!"
Mycroft eyed them...hell, even Sherlock was still sucking his thumb. "How was he back there?"
Mycroft ignored him, it wasn’t worth scolding him at this point; “-or chocolate and cherry.”
“Sher’yock got spankings a'fore, for coloring on the walls and the table,” Jawn peeped behind Mycroft, causing the older man to jump.
, s’diff’rent!”
"We'll get you a soft one, sweetheart." Mycroft started to rub his back, though he knew exactly where this was going.
"B'ead is shor'd," Sherlock said, making quick work of the slice in his hand. "Mo', p'ease?"
He sighed…he supposed that he had enough time to finish his tea before making any decisions. He took another sip and looked around the flat, seeing the stuffed animals and blankets and sippy cups that had been left out, despite his best efforts to get the boys to clean up after themselves.
"No, not today. Perhaps next time."
“Sword?” Jawn rubbed his face on Mycroft’s sleeve.
"Did you clean that off enough to put it in the sink?"
“Why’s he the best?”
"Aw, c'mon," Greg chided, and crossed over to Mycrofts' side of the counter. "Be my little beach bunny," he said, cozying up to his lover's side and putting his arm around his shoulders.
Sherlock frowned as he pulled his thumb out of his mouth, “I did...do; want it. It's just a huge...thing." He finished with a grimace.
Greg made a face as he powdered Sherlocks' grass-free bits, then pulled his nappy up and taped it into place. "You don't want a bit of hot sauce or honey mustard?"
"Your mobile is plugged in downstairs. I'll get it and put on some tea."
"You're certainly not talking about me."
Greg helped him climb down from the changing table. "Do you want your face and chest to keep hurting?"
"Mm-hmm."
Sherlock's face started to scrunch up. "Don' wan'nid," he said in that high-pitched, teary voice that he always took on right before having a fit.
Mycroft smirked to himself...he'd been waiting for that. Maybe it would break Sherlock of the habit of sucking on his fingers instead of a dummy. "Yes, they're all very pretty, but only pick four," he called out.
Now that 95% of the noise had been cut out, Mycroft heard the slight creak of the floorboards and didn’t have to look up to know exactly what it was. “Alright,” he sighed. “You too…come here.”
Mycroft took Jawn's hands and sat him up, then smiled when the tiny little thing wrapped his arms around his waist and snuggled his face into his belly. "We're going to have a midnight snack," Mycroft sighed, petting Jawn's hair. "Would you like to join us?"
"An' rin'ch my p'ish."
After all had gone silent..."My apologies. That was--"
"What's all the hubbub, bub?"
Sherlock nodded. "Uh-huh. Bu'd, um, b'ud e's no'd, um, no'd in'na mo'bie a'yo'd."
"Really," Greg huffed, trying to get it down over Sherlock's heel. "I never would have guessed."
Sherlock's head snapped up, looking stricken. "I hurt'ed f'ower?!!"
The baby traded guilty looks with Greg. "...No cu'bca'ges?"
“Perhaps. What should I draw?”
"I y'ub tha'd; We c'n ha'b tha'd ins'ead?"
“Bubba’s not a outside toy but whistle is?” Jawn sassed, moving his green car in lazy figure eights on the table top.
“Tree f'wog poison! Is f'wogs bad like worms, My?”
"There I go, not listenin' again."
Jawn set it reverently on the kitchen table before digging through the wares with both hands to find the 'treasure’ he was looking for.
"Recovering."
"Wi'ss?"
“Punishment is over?” Sherlock mumbled. John hummed his agreement. Sherlock sighed happily and snuggled closer to Daddy. They stayed snuggled for a few moments before John started to nudge Sherlock off of his lap.
"Ta'." Greg set the ingredients on the counter. "You already called for dinner?"
“I fini’ssed, My’coff!”
"I told you that Gregory was an excellent finder."
Sherlock gagged.
"What woke you up, bruiser...hm?" Greg asked, and carried him over to the changing table, and...just as he thought would happen...the moment he started to set Jawn down, the poor little thing began to cry again. "It's just to change your bum, little love! I promise I'll pick you back up when I'm done!"
Greg nodded slowly and fetched two pillows, one that they wedged behind Mycroft's back and the other against his lap where Greg laid his head. "I still don't like this movie," he said...until he felt long fingers rubbing over his scalp, making him sigh and melt into the sofa.
There came a rapid thumping from the hallway as Sherlock dashed into the room, his arms full of dripping wet but bubble-free cups. “NO! No no no nonononononononono, that’s mine!”
Sherlock nodded. "Bi'ssit," he said, and held out his hands.
"But not that good." Greg took the dummy and popped it into his own mouth, popped it out, then popped it into the Sherlock's mouth in one fluid motion. "Maui's going to have to find his own hook."
"My'cobb turn!"
“I know you do. But you’re not very nice to him and he’s not very nice to you.”
Sherlock was suddenly on his feet in front of him. "I help. Gi'b me Jawn," he whispered and, before Greg could protest, was already lifting Jawn out of Greg's arms.
Sherlock's face crumpled; "P'yea'the no ste'b," he sniffled.
Sherlock scowled. “You not boss!”
"No."
Mycroft simply worked with the facts: He was changing his little brother. He was wiping his little brother clean. He’d done this before, numerous times. So what if things were a little…bigger, and there was more hair now? He tapped on Sherlock’s hip; “Bum up."
“Yes. I’m sure you can. You’re turn Sherlock, what’s the next rule we need to put on the list.”
Jawn stood in the open doorway, eyeing the street. “I wanna play on the swings.”
"Diff'ren?"
"Any excuse to get dirtier," Greg smirked. "Just wait until he gets the---yep, he just got the glitter," he added, watching Sherlock pick up the plastic bottle of glitter and upend it, shake it, and then look terribly confused when nothing came out. He held it above his head and peered up at the cap.
"Peanu'd."
"D'ess is sc'atchy."
"Lovely. I imagine you'll be able to sniff that out and solve that mystery once I've  left." Mycroft two fresh cups out of the cupboard and swiftly filled them with milk. Sherlock followed him like a shadow, a hand sneaking up the back of his waist coat.
Jawn walked to the doorway of the sitting room and stared down at the little detective. “Yea. He’s not a big boy like us.”
“He’ll change…both of us?” he asked. He liked the man well enough at times, but, well…their interactions never involved his bits before.
"Brrrr!" Sherlock gave a small shiver, his cheeks pink and his breath came in quick huffs after a dash through the brisk air. It was highly likely that that had been the most exercise his little brother had had in a good while, Mycroft noted. "Is al'la po'ds, My'cobb?!"
"Nooooooooo med'cine!!!"
“Y'ike your teefs!” Sherlock giggled, leaning into Mycroft’s chest.
"My'cob."
"They both have flowers. Pink flowers or yellow flowers?"
"Yeah," Molly said, kneeling down and crawling over. "I can come back, Sher'yock," she said, tilting her head to peer at him.
Sherlock preened under the praise and took the second pill as easily as the first. "Mo' joo'sh?"
"Yeah, there's Sherlock...I told you he was still here," Greg said. "So he doesn't need to be found, and you need to stay put."
"Easy! I can do it!" Greg huffed, batting the baby's hands away.
"I y'am home." Though the second the words were out, Sherlock was openly crying. "I y'am an' I ha'd i'd."
"As'i'den'."
"That's a 'no', then?"
“Jawn?” Sherlock wiggled close to Jawn, his dummy pressed to the little doctor’s cheek.
Sherlock tried to shake his head 'no', which didn't really work in the position he was in. "Nn-nn," he grunted.
"Is 'por'dant."
"That's perfect. Drop it in, and we'll add a little more sugar."
"C'n...c-a-n your car take me to work? Or the coffee shop on the corner?"
"Tha'd means no."
"O'gay," Sherlock said, his voice thick.
"I like you too." Greg kissed the top of his head.
"G'eg be di'ssy too?"
This time Sherlock did smile, and a small laugh huffed from his nose. "Was it three? I lost count."
"You're a mean ole sod, ya know that dont'cha?"
"See wha'd?"
"Tha's wha'd he means!" Sherlock's voice grew high and he cheeks flushed. "I dun' wan'd to!"
“Settle,” John ordered, but was reaching for the carton of cupcakes. He allowed Sherlock to pick one and the boy made short work of it, within a few seconds he was standing before John licking his fingers clean of the icing.
"That's your medicine. Did this happen yesterday?"
“Will you lie down anyways?”
“Is there paracetamol in this flat?” Mycroft asked, not really expecting an answer.
Mycroft rooted through the cabinet and came up with a bottle of children’s chewable Tylenol. “How many do children your size need?”
Jawn shuffled in place. “Promise you won’t leave?” he whispered.
"You're going to have to take your rings off. Put on the gloves, and then put your rings back on."
"I ha'bta sh'ange?"
Sherlock closed his eyes and started to snuffle behind his cup, gearing up for the figurative dam to burst.
Jawn let out a banshee wail and proceeded to go limp, hanging from Mycroft’s grip like a rag doll.
"Very."
Sherlock opened his mouth to answer when suddenly Mycroft half-snorted, half-choked in his sleep and both boys froze, eyes wide, and stared at each other in trepidation.
"He wants potatoes. Also I promised we wouldn't eat Sherlock for supper."
"I'm not sure flowers come in Sherlock-house sizes, but we can definitely think about painting the nursery yellow if you'd like."
asked:
“But he’s got loads inside!” Jawn kicked the bottom step.
Mycroft rage sniffed at him.
Mycroft rolled his eyes but forged ahead; "We wanted your birthday celebration to be separate from all of...that."
"Lab'bender," Sherlock nodded, poking at his blue dots and smearing them around his arm.
"what? Why can't you eat?" Greg clicked on an episode of Sherlock's cartoon and turned to face him fully.
"He'd drink nothing but milk until he was ten. His teeth are made of iron."
Jawn huffed and scooted closer to Sherlock, muttering under his breath about “S’upid spoons.”
Jawn whipped his head around nearly falling out of his chair. "Sher'yock!"
Mycroft put his hand on his leg to settle him down. "Alright, alright, I believe you," he said, patting Jawns' thigh. "Can you be helpful and bring us the bag? You'll have to be very careful."
"I'm glad you think so, since they were for you. But why were you looking in the kitchen drawer in the first place?"
Jawn chewed his thumb. “I can try.”
“Because.”
Mycroft turned his back to the teenager and moved Sherlock in front of him. “Sherlock Holmes,” he said, speaking low. “Do you want your chips, or do you want to go home for a nap?”
Mycroft glanced down at him and kissed his forehead. "Let's go change your bottom," he said, patting Sherlock's hip. "And then we'll sit in the rocking chair and read a nice story; how does that sound."
"Dammit."
"It's a soup with lots of cream, it’s delicious," Mrs. Hudson replied still without acknowledging his pout or fuss. She pulled the pot from the fridge and started to warm it up.
"See, that proves it." Greg carefully inched himself down further into bed. "Stop worryin' yourself over it. He won't even remember come morning."
"Isa b'ery goo' mo'bie."
Greg smirked down at the stones he was arranging into a "G". It wasn't nice to say ‘I told you so’ to an infant.
"Yeah, hugely proud." Greg leaned forward and kissed his cheek. "But now we've got to get Jawn to the hospital. Your brother's meeting us there."
"S'are wi'f G'eg," Sherlock said, holding the scoop out to him.
Jawn turned back around to face them, already forgetting that he was supposed to be sulking after going through all that effort to win the game, only to have it stricken from the record. “C’ean for Nana?”
"Ro---
Suddenly, halfway to their destination, the baby stopped and turned around; "Bax'er??!!?"
Sherlock stood in the sandbox, his bucket and shovel forgotten at his feet. "Jawn g'awn?"
"I know you can. You're very clever. But you don't haf'ta." Greg looped a careful arm around the babys' waist and tried to guide him out of the kitchen.
They ate in companionable silence, Mycroft feeding ever other bite to Sherlock, who built small cottage with his chips.
"Thank you," he said, and ended the call.
"You were the one complaining about being soaked in piss, darling."
"My'cobb bra'd."
"Oh, sweet little thing. He's going to need fluids. Pedialyte or something with electrolytes."
"I c'n ha'b more? P'ease?"
“Can’t do it, My’coff,” Jawn said, looking at him with big eyes and holding up his fork.
"Of course."
"That's true. You are a very clean boy."
Sherlock whipped right back around and refastened himself to Mycroft. “Nnnnnnnnnnnnnn’gggghhhh!”
"It'll also be harder to spill on our blanket nest in a few minutes."
"He can have sweeties tomorrow." Mycroft rinsed Sherlock's tray and arranged it in the dishwasher.
"See...he's looking for you," Mycroft said, placing an encouraging hand at Sherlock's lower back. "Let's go get you changed; you'll feel a lot better."
Well, they were most certainly not getting adult forks. Mycroft was about to say one thing he’d never in a million years thought he’d ever say (again, on a day full of first-time-ever’s…): “Just use your fingers.”
“Jawn, you need to get down. I’m going to count to three…one.”
"Well, you said you wanted the baby to spend some time out here," Greg said nonchalantly, but secretly preened under the praise. "To be honest, part of it was to keep him from climbin' around on the--" Greg suddenly stopped, and Mycroft looked up to see him watching the baby. "--What's he doing?" Greg asked.
Mycroft sat Sherlock in the chair next to Jawn and swatted the other boy's hand, making him whine and release his hold. "You didn't think to get the booster?"
"If you feed them that huge biscuit for breakfast, you're watching them by yourself tomorrow."
"Seriously, the cutest thing on the whole planet, oceans and all," Greg sighed, turning onto his stomach and closing his eyes.
"You're still an odd little duck," Greg said, and sat Sherlock up so he could kiss his cheek. "Just like your brother."
Sherlock nodded. "Y'ah, l'ellow's p'etty."
"He already hurts," Greg groused, rinsing the flannels in the sink. "Anything to get him to smile a bit ya' know."
"Con', con'...con'fex--?"
"Why aren't you in bed?"
"Oh," Sherlock said, and then a big, luminous smile spread across his face. "G'eg aw'ways si'yyee."
Greg shoved his phone in his pocket and took the stairs to the flat two at a time, only to find their door locked. Of course. Couldn't have been that easy.
Sherlock, who'd reclined next to him with a thumb in his mouth, sat up right and glanced around the room. "Bug?"
"P'ish?"
Two fingers disappear between his lips and he moans around them softly, imaging them to be the short blunt fingers of the doctor. He sucks on them until they are thoroughly wet before pulling them from his mouth with a moist pop. John continues to sit as still as a statue, only his throat bobbing as he audibly swallows.
“Nope, cause it’s nap time.” John smirked. “Go on then.”
“Uh-huh!”
"So do I."
"Good job, sweet boy." Greg praised, and forced himself to stand up and hobble over to Sherlock.
"Mmmm. Maybe I should have put you on the step after all."
"Ah-ah, don't twist in your seat like that, sweetheart." Greg gently pushed his shoulder back. "You're going to hurt yourself."
But Sherlock continued up the stairs and back into the master bedroom, with Greg following behind him.
Greg came in with the ice bucket under one arm, the fuzzy blanket slug over his shoulder and Sherlock's medicine balanced on the tin of biscuits. "Poor Muffin. Does your face still hurt, sweetheart? A biscuit and some medicine will fix you right up."
"I don't know."
"Tight enough for support, but you should be able to slip a finger in between the bandage and his skin. Can I take a look at your eye, sweetness? I just want to make sure the pupil contracts," she said, holding the penlight in one hand while she took Sherlock's chin in the other.
Sherlock waited for the screen to boot up. "That was a joke. I was attempting humor."
"Yes, you are." Mycroft shook out another half-cup of powdered sugar, then rolled the bag closed. "Do you know where I keep my vanilla?"
“Sherlock."
"We need to wash your hair."
"Scoot over here, sweetheart," Greg said, chuckling as he bunched the shirt up in his hands. "Poor baby."
John blushed brightly and shook his head. “Right. Well. Let’s find a place to keep your hedgie then, shall we?” Sherlock’s lopsided grin almost made up for being compared to a roly little hedgehog. Almost.
Mycroft said nothing, but gave him a small nod. Sherlock could see the glassy sheen in his eyes.
Greg giggled and looked at Mycroft; "Clever, huh?"
Sherlock shook his head sadly, "I din' halp wif da' f'wogs." Sherlock's face crumbled, tears rolling unbidden, "I dun' e'ben know they names."
"I ha'd na'bby c'yeme."
Greg wrinkled his nose and made mousy-cheeping noises.
Greg was waiting at the downstairs landing, and his eyes visibly widened when he saw Sherlock leading Jawn. He took a step up and was about to protest when Mycroft caught his eye and shook his head...Sherlock had it under control, for now. Greg shut his mouth, but remained at the ready...just in case Jawn stumbled.
Greg helped boost the baby so he was sitting on the counter next to the mixer. "I get one of the beaters too!"
"I'mma mu'ppin."
"S'yippery," Sherlock agreed with a grimace, the bruise on his hip from slipping in the tub had been there for weeks. "I come too?" He scootched off the bed and stood in the doorway of the closet.
“Is’not!” Jawn clutched it to his chest, and Mycroft groaned out loud at the thought of another ‘green crayon’ argument.
"Sure. Next time I'm cross with Mycroft I will put batteries in alllll of your toys."
“You’re both adorable--which is lucky, because you’re both also incorrigible.” Mycroft sat between the two little boys, tugging them both in close before turning on the DVD.
"Not unless we all want our morning to start bright and early at three am."
“Oh!”
“Maybe. But I had fun, anyway. We’ll decide when you’re bigger.”
"And it'll have Will Ferrell in it."
"Baw'ssy."
"Yeah, yes, sorry. Just a lot of big feelings."
“O’ben mou’f.”
"No! No pictures!" Molly squeaked. "Ummm, no pop'rrazi!"
"B'ery s'dill."
"Han'g." Sherlock grinned as Dory had her flashback. "Awwww, bay'bee," he said, pointing at the screen.
Within moments, he was in a deep and dreamless sleep. Better than he’d had in years, even.
“Jawn! Jawn, we can go p'ishing, Jawn!” Sherlock huffed as his shirt was pulled over his head, but was too excited to fuss for long.
Talking to Sherlock when he was sleeping had been Mycroft's favorite pastime when Sherlock had been small, second only to talking to him when he was awake. "And then, we're going to find some story books about self esteem and good touch/bad touch, as well."
"Sherlock."
"Jawn, owwie." Sherlock mumbled.
Sherlock squirmed against his brother. "Why'a st'ing, My'cobb?"
"No. The fish live in the bathroom. This is their home."
"No. Maw'yee, craf's?"
While Greg was tempting Jawn, Sherlock sat back in his chair with his sippy-cup, digesting for a moment. He reached over and patted his brother’s leg to get his attention. "My'coff?"
"Only because you have no patience." Mycroft frowned as his fingertips brushed over something that felt hard, crusty...almost like a scab. But, seeing as Sherlock wasn't immediately reacting to it, he rubbed at it a little more, and was disturbed to see the foam around it turn pink.
"Why? Is that a rule at your home?"
"If you give him his bottle he might not mind so much," Mycroft handed the bottle to Greg.
been wrapped up, all snug and warm, and now he wasn't. "Don' wan'nid," he fussed weakly, and rubbed at his face.
Sherlock scooted by, careful not to get caught up in the melee’, and fetched both ducks from the bottom of the tub. “Bu’ tha’s Jawn’s net,” he said with a slight frown, and nudged it with his toe.
“Right now what?”
"I honestly don't think I have the power to stand." Sherlock smiles sleepily at John.
“We can feed our selfs!”
Mycroft tipped his head at the enormous understatement. “Still. What?”
“No," groused the little doctor, glaring at the floor.
"Ohno," Sherlock breathed, just barely on this side of sleep.
"Weren't bad?"
“Mint!”
Sherlock chewed, even more slowly than before.
"Purple bubbles it is," Greg replied, pouring a generous amount in the water. In an instant there were suds and bubbles starting to pile up underneath the faucet, filling he room with a tangy, artificial grape scent.
"Inattention."
“Um…” Jawn turned back to the cabinet that held all of their toddler cups and bottles and looked over all of them, tapping his finger on his chin. “This…no, this one!” he said finally and held up an insulated cup with a blue insert, decorated with sea turtles. He was very proud of his choice.
Sherlock shoved his hands down, covering his bits. "G'eg! S'op id!"
"Good choice. Let Greg help get it over your ears."
He moved down the line of cabinets, finding nothing, before growling at himself and starting over at the beginning, letting things fall out of the cabinets and onto the counter as he became more and more irate at his own uselessness.
Sherlock stirred between them, rolling over stiffly so that he was pressed against Mycroft.
"You do, but..." Sherlock is cut off by a shake of John's head.
"Yea, s'not even close to midnight yet."
Sherlock folded his arms and looked down at the floor. “…I didn’t sit on his stupid dinosaurs,” he mumbled, ignoring his brother’s words.
Mycroft hooked the umbrella over his elbow and then took both Sherlock’s hands in his own. “Hush.”
"I'mma her'bit?"
John almost laughed out loud again. "Why, love?"
"Making sure that Snoopy covers your stitches."
“You’re Daddy’s smart boy. I’m sure you’ll manage.” John said as he wrote out the rule in his looping long hand.
"No, f'ank 'oo. I c'n do'id!" Sherlock grabbed the noise maker for his bugs and started to waddle out of the kitchen. "Pa'ber?"
Jawn made a face; "G'woss. I di'nah mo'yess any'fin'," he said.
Jawn paused; "...The cup?"
calories."
"--Greg and I have the same taste in?"
cupcakes if they don't go in the oven," Mycroft reminded them thoughtfully.
Once the pot was empty, Sherlock set it down and held out his hand; "G'yitter p'yease."
"Oh, don't act like you wouldn't pull that out just to see who kept cracking one off--!"
"I c'n do'id," he said again, as much to himself as to Mycroft.  He picked up one of the cooled cupcakes and used his knife, just as his brother had, and scooped up a wobbly bit of frosting. "Oh-oh-ohno-I di'id!" he cheered...the frosting had not only made it onto the cake, but all over his hand and fingers as well. "I c'n y'ick my p'ingers?"
The little detective giggled and popped his bottle out of his mouth. “No, p’wetty!” he said, smiling and wrinkling his nose up at his brother. A thin line of juice dribbled from the corner of his mouth and down his chin.
Sherlock nodded; "O'gay," he said, scrunching his shoulder as Mycroft kissed his cheek.
"Yes. And that will be okay, too." Mycroft caught the little detective's sleeve. "Sherlock. Look at me." It took him several tries before he was looking Mycroft full in the face.
“Daddy?” Sherlock inquires, looking up through his messy fringe of curls. His eyes are wide with interest, but glossy with orgasm induced tears.
"Ea'ded i'd."
Sherlock slow blinked at him; "...Wha'd?"
"Wha'd G'eg wan'd?"
"He's in a rare mood; Little, eager to please, sentimental. Take advantage."
"He might sleep through it."
"Pink. Right."
The kitchen was dimly lit by the light above the stove. Sherlock scurried over and put Baxter in his booster and sat himself at the table.
"Ahem," Greg put a hand on the back of each stuffies head, and together the three of them whisper-sang happy birthday. The baby looked thrilled beyond words.
"Course it can. Same thing happened last week, don't you remember?"
"Bu'..."
"Psssh. You didn't see nothing, did ya?"
Greg took Sherlock's cup from his hands and held it for him like a bottle. "No one's mad. We're all happy, full, and cozy for our movie, yeah?" he asked, cradling him to his chest.
"Because we go through a
Jawn looked up at Mycroft; “Where’s the Da’yee?”
'Baxter! Come back! We're supposed to stay together!' Billy shouted after him."
Greg dropped the cloth on the table. "You'll have to finish," he told Mycroft, and held his hands up. "I can't. Can't do it."
"Aw..." Sherlock pouted at the screen.
"No more noodles," Mycroft agreed. "Unless you get hungry later."
Sherlock giggled and reached for Mycroft's face, cupping his cheeks in his hands. "A
"It's beautiful Pet, I love it. Thank you." John smiled at his boy.
The words and the firm hand on his prick are already starting to make Sherlock hard again, for which John is thankful. He isn’t done with his little boy yet. Far from it in fact.
"Aww, sweet boy, your pills are up on my nightstand. But you know you need a grownup for that."
Mycroft produced a wet wipe from a nearby pack and held it out to Sherlock. "Wait, here; wipes your hands fir--nevermind," he sighed as the baby tore into the blue and silver foil wrapping paper with peanut butter-covered hands. "I y'ike d'is," he said, waving a piece of paper. "I keep i'd?"
“Smaller bites please, Jawn,” Mycroft admonished gently, feeding Sherlock another bite.
“What do you mean?”
"I dun' wan' g'een," Sherlock said, and obediently climbed out of the car and let himself be scooped up.
Sherlock's answer was fast, and flat; “What are you doing calling me at 4:30 in the morning?” It was easy to put on this mask. As long as he couldn’t see Johns' face.
Sherlock closed the lid to his treasures, and pushed the box back under the bed. "G'eg as'sed me to, um, to ge'd, um, s-sssiiii'zors for 'im," Sherlock said, his brows furrowing in concentration as he sounded out the word.
“Especially when they’re pilfered from my supper.”
"Do you remember why he wasn't to have anymore cupcakes?"
“That. Is. ENOUGH!”
"An accident would be a nightmare at the mo'."
“That was very close. Sherlock’s turn.” Mycroft tossed the ducks back into the tub and filled a cup. “Let’s rinse you off.”
“You don’t want another splinter in your foot, do you?” Greg asked opening and closing every cabinet in the small room and checking every corner. Jawn loved tools. It had taken a lot keep him from digging them out to ‘hel’b’ around the house.
“I’m having chips.” He muttered to himself.
"Should we take him upstairs?"
Mycroft hummed to himself; “Sherlock, pull out what we’ll need to change two nappies.” He shooed his baby brother off his lap and headed for the door.
"Brat."
Sherlock waddled back to the table, where Greg had left his cup sitting. He picked it up in both hands and shook it; "A y'iddle."
"Yeah," Molly answered, less than enthused. She went around on her knees, gathering up all the leftover jewelry that had been scattered in all the excitement.
Sherlock took Mycroft's hand.  "An' gra'by."
Holy fuck
“Let’s get changed and then we can play a game,” Mycroft said, ignoring Jawn's little announcement and handing each boy a
"Nah. The marshmallows absorb a lot."
“Captain Jawn!” The esteemed Captain wasn’t going to let his title go so quickly, especially not while he was on duty.
"Maw'yee."
Sherlock craned his neck so he could see; “Owie?”
“Where’sh Jeffrey?”
"So'wwy!" Sherlock squeezed the handle on the sifter, raining powdery flour into the bowl. "We sif' choco'yate too?"
"There's a good boy." Sherlock’s shoulders hunched at the praise. And he moved quickly to climb into the tub, the bubbles allowing him some modesty.  It lasted for only a moment before John knelt down beside the tube, cloth in hand, to scrub his body. Modesty was not a luxury that little boys could afford if they wanted Daddy’s to take proper care of them.
Sherlock pushed away from his brother and craned his neck to peer at Greg over his shoulder; "P'eeeea'thhhe, G'eg," he pleaded. "P'ea'the Moana!"
Mycroft smirked wickedly; "I should have said 'stop making love to the cup', instead."
"We're going to make Gregory change your grass filled nappy when he gets back from the shop."
Mycroft hesitated and glanced at Jawn out of the corner of his eye. “What word?”
Greg was grinning stupidly; "You're so cute."
Mycroft made his meanest bureaucrat face, eyes squinched and mouth pinched but Greg and Sherlock just stared at him with big hopeful faces.
Greg nodded. "We should take him at least one cup and a snack upstairs with us so we don't have to come down later."
Molly's face went funny for a split second, and then she was scootching back and standing up to take off her dress and pack it back into the trunk. Being watched was no longer at the forefront of her thoughts.
"Around the outer edges of the property line,
"Lots more," Mycroft said as he handed Sherlock the mixing spoon again and held the jar for him.
Sherlock blushed heavily and looked down at the floor instead, blinking furiously to keep the tears that were forming at bay.
Mycroft took one look at him; "What. Happened."
“Yes! Sherlock’s gots'ta whisper.”
“Maybe Sherlock should hold the ‘brella. He’ll feel big if he’s carrying a sword.” Jawn tried to move his face away from Mycroft’s insistent washing.
"Hol' the rai'ying, G'eg! You ha'b too. Is'a ru'es."
“But not more than me,” Sherlock said, his voice tight from holding back tears.
"Oh. I y'ike craf's."
Sherlock leaned in close and hooked his finger in the man’s bottom lip, examining them with a comically professional gaze. “…They’s yellow,” he said, finally.
Jawn chewed his thumb in thought. “Sher'yock gotted three in one day. Two from me and one from Nana.”
"We need to get this one fed and into bed."
"Three bites."
“Oh, of course.” Mycroft huffed, pulling a pair of gloves out of the box and snapping them on. “Has the patient decided which plaster they would prefer?”
Mycroft gently moved Sherlock’s less than dexterous fingers out of the way and closed the front of his trousers. “Buttons can be tricky.”
"That's a shame, because it is lovely."
“Nana say we need a ‘ge’d along’ shirt,” Jawn yawned.
"You can have your cup," Mycroft said, while ignoring the dramatics. "Is there any juice left in it?"
"Nooooooo!" Sherlock whinged and reached down with both hands to cover himself. "Don' wan'nid!"
"I'm not sure. It's been very hectic at work."
"I will in a bit. Snuggle our Gregory. He's had a rough day."
Mycroft squinted as he read the synopsis. "That doesn't sound interesting at all."
“Sherlock,” John said; “I also just wanted to say I’m sor-“
"Go sit your 'target' down next to the baby, before
his surprise.
The much coveted ‘prize bucket’ was a plastic purple pail, covered in cartoon skulls--Nana had given it to them last Halloween, full of sweeties, and now it held an assortment of small toys and 'treasures’ as well as sweets.
"Maw'yee ea'ds wif Sher'yock an' Peanu'd," Sherlock nodded definitively and wiggled off Greg's lap. He took Mollys' hand and started tugging her to the kitchen.
"Jawn's going to sit up front with me, so--wait, wait wait wait!" Sherlock stopped, one foot off the curb as he was going to open the passenger side door...Greg had forgotten that he'd parked with that side in the street. "No, you get in on this side, lad; stay out of the street."
"No you weren't touching it... What were you doing Sherlock? Were you imagining fucking Daddy? Hmm? Were you thinking about your baby boy cock up Daddy's arse? Do you think Daddy is going to allow that? Especially when you were so naughty that you could not even wait for him?"
He headed straight for it, crossing the yard in quick order while trying to force his heart back down out of his throat. Jawn
"Gonna draw fw'ogs on it."
"We see her."
"Fank'ooooo," Molly preened under the praise. "My'coff di' a b'ery goo' job."
“My'coff, where going?” Jawn asked from the doorway of the sitting room.
"F'ank oo'!" Sherlock babbled as Greg handed him a pineapple one.
Greg stared at him for a moment, then started to laugh while he tried to lower his heart rate. "Christ, yeah...I mean, yeah, just a bit, lad." He picked up Sherlock's bottle from the floor where it had fallen; "What are you doing back down here? Where's your brother?"
"Gaw' gaw' gaw'," Sherlock cried.
"Where was the last place you had it, darling?"
"All the better; I'll finally get a good night's sleep that way."
"I know. But you don't want to get sauce on your blankie and pillows, do you?"
"Okay, but Greg's going to pour them in the cap for you, alright? Because if we end up with a bubble-mess the way we had a glitter-mess, your brother's going to spank both of us."
“Sou’b!”
"Aw, thank you...good boy," Mycroft took the green onesie from him. "We're going to make Jawn part turtle." Mycroft slipped the onesie over Jawn's head, ignoring the little doctor's gnashing teeth. Mycroft caught Jawn's ear, pinching just a little. Jawn whimpered and went still. "I need you to settle down now. I'm going to put your hurt arm into the sleeve."
"Of course you can-"
"I meant wash them in the
"G'eg say'ed I could be nekkid."
"It's naptime, Pet."
"Yeah, let's let him keep sleepin'."
Greg munched a spring roll; "Midnight snack was a good idea."
"Counting sheep is fun?"
"That's very clever. The faeries will love it."
"Wha' is it?!?!" Sherlock clapped his hands, tiredness forgotten.
"I y'ub shee'b."
Mycroft scowled at him in turn; “Not actually helpful, Captain.” He pulled the little detective along, wishing in vain he hadn’t given Anthea the afternoon off. This would be so much easier if they could call for a car.
“What trousers would you like to wear?” Mycroft asked, herding the little doctor back to the nursery.
Mycroft swatted behind him without looking and smirked when he connected with something puffy, then heard a yelp. “Let’s go find your Sherlock before he gets into anything, and you both probably need a chan–”
“I enjoyed today very much.”
Sherlock blinked up at him, wide-eyed and attentive. “Cup?” he asked, nodding, and scurried off to another cabinet. “Cup! Cup, cup, cup, cup…” he chanted and, opening the one that contained all of their sippy-cups and bottles, selected one for Mycroft and brought it back “Cup!” He held it up proudly.
“A’ sp’inkles!” Sherlock peeped behind his dummy.
"I know you don't like having your hair brushed."
nappies.”
"Hur'ds," Sherlock gently touched the side of his face.
"We are not having anymore cupcakes this evening, gentlemen."
"No," Mycroft said, watching Molly slide rings onto his fingers.
“Let’s hear it!”
"Aww," Molly groaned. "Why not?"
Greg faked snored a little quieter.
When he finally entered, Sherlock was cuddled in at Greg's side in a nest of his blankets and his bunny, looking half-asleep while he suckled on his cup.
“But there’s nooooooooooot!”
The little detective draped himself over his brother’s back while he filled both cups, laying his head on his shoulder with a sleepy sigh and hugging him around the waist. “Someone’s more of a cuddler now, isn’t he?” Mycroft asked, handing Jawn his cup and trying to turn around without knocking Sherlock on his bum.
"Sherlock, don't bite Daddy..."
Sherlock snuggled right in and took to the last third or so of his bottle right away, without the need of any coaxing.
They lay there for a few moments, breathing heavily.
Greg sneered, and Mycroft waited.
"Can't we persuade 'im?"
Sherlock nodded.
“You went to the loo just before Daddy put you to bed the first time, Sherlock.”
“My'coff? More?” Sherlock held his mouth open.
"Yes. You're very clever. Finish your sandwich."
Greg was back in less than a minute, three damp swimmy-fish in this hands. "Look, I told ya'."
Sherlock sat against the wall, his arms wrapped around his long legs, watching John put sheets on the new crib mattress.
"Yes, we have those too...but those are not toys. We have different jewelry for that."
"Probably not."
"Yes, we just put them in, remember?"
“Then watch your language.”
Jawn made a face as he thought about that; “G'eg’s garden is at you house?”
Jawn stood up on the bed, towering over Mycroft, and jabbed an accusing finger at him. “Stop smacking my baby! I won’t tell you again!”
"Alright...you STAY," he pointed at Jawn like a dog. "Stay!"
"You had plenty for a young boy of your size." Mycroft shut the refrigerator and went to Jawn. "And it's very late, darling," he added, putting a hand on Jawns' back to urge him out of the kitchen;  "Let's change your bum and tuck you back in."
Demonstrating the patience of a saint, Myroft opened the small bottle of extract and poured a capful. "If you take your clothes off now, you'll have to go straight to bed and stay under the blankets."
"Two ye'yyow, o'gay Maw'yee?"
"Ten shee'b."
...before he could be hugged.
John closes the door most of the way and moves down the hall into the kitchen. It’s not like John plans to stay up and have fun without Sherlock. After little boys go to bed is when Daddy's do extremely unpleasant things, like tidy up the flat after a messy little boy leaves his mark on it or reads his paper with the familiar drone of the daily news on the telly as background.
Sherlock grinned around his dummy and leaned into Mycroft.
"Kun'-fu."
"I miss tha'd bun'ee," Sherlock said. "An' a'lla o'vvers."
John hummed noncommittally. "Which shirt?"
Mycroft taped up the front of Jawn’s nappy and got his sleeper back to rights. “...A bite probably wouldn’t hurt.”
Sherlock stared at it for a moment, and then took a bite.
"One mo'."
“As if I could ever forget, Captain Sasspants,” Mycroft said, dropping the tablets into Jawn’s palm.
Mycroft rolled his eyes; there was no predicting these two. No rhyme nor reason, no method to the madness. “Not so hard, Jawn,” he said, and went to retrieve their cups. He’d have to try asking later, when one or the other aged up a bit.
Greg bunched it up as much as possible and carefully lowered it over Sherlock's head; "We maybe didn't think through this game..."
Greg only nodded again. "I'm gonna go order dinner," he said at last. "He said he wants chips and gravy?"
"Y'eh?"
Sherlock refused to get up at first, but it only took one ‘look’ from his brother before he wilted and brought over his trash to throw away, too. He shuffled over like a scolded puppy, rubbing his eyes despite his objection to naptime. “No nap,” he said weakly, standing behind Jawn to wait his turn.
"G'wossssss."
"This is only Molly, darling...you know Molly. She's not going to hurt you."
"G'eg! Y'oyee?!?! P'ease?!?"
Greg grinned back. "Come back soon, you little shit."
Mycroft knew they were both laying it on, and thickly, because they were both stalling bedtime…but it was awfully cute.
"That's fine. But you're cleaning them up."
"G'nite Pet. Sweet dreams."
"Soooo nice. C'n I borrow tha'd one?" Molly pointed at a huge faux diamond ring. "Di'mon's my fa'brite!" she said and plopped down beside him, her mismatched socks waggling beneath the hem of her dress.
"Bu'd G'eeeeeeeg...!"
“Not really the point.”
"Really? You're gunna lay down in the middle of the day?"
Sherlock instantly quieted down and stared up at his brother, eyes wide and teary. His fingers went to the dummy in his mouth, gently patting it as if to make sure it was really there.
“Like sugar in the rain.” Mycroft fixed the younger man’s collar so that it wouldn’t stick up in that ridiculous manner. “Is Jawn ready?”
“Bo’ff!”
"I'm just checking, muffin. What bee crawled up your bonnet?"
Greg helped Sherlock climb out of the tub and wrapped into a towel. "Nappy time," he said, and swatted a towel-clad bum that sent Sherlock scrambling out of the bathroom and down the hall to the nursery.
Jawn leaned away from the table, showing off the part of the picture he’d been working on. The green crayons he’d been holding to his chest had left scribbles on the corner of the paper when he’d been drawing the cherry. “I broke it.”
“Y’ah?”
"Christ. Maybe you'll be staying up with me."
Greg pretended not to notice. "I said 'no', Sherlock."
Sherlock, who’d been chewing on the knuckle of his thumb, stopped and stared back up at Jawn, waiting to see what he was going to do.
"Yes," Sherlock wiggled his fingers. "Come here, monkey, come give Da' a snuggle."
, Gregory...not neurosurgery. There," he added with the very last pin. "Now you can look in the mirror."
Greg chuckled. "Yeah, 'ohhhh'. What next, muffin? The one with peanut butter?"
Mycroft wiped the set of saucy fingerprints from his wrist. “ ‘Took’ one, and no, you did not. Sitting in a tub of water and cups does not count as a full bath.”
“Or me,” Jawn said, giving the little detective a dirty look.
"No f'ank'oo. I don' nee' be'time," Sherlock smiled sweetly at Mycroft, popping a bite of applesauce-covered chicken into his mouth.
Of course not. Greg finds them in the garden nearly daily during the summer.
Sherlock slowly sat up on his knees; "You c'n p-p'yay wi'ff m-ines,' he sniffled, rubbing the back of his hand across his eyes.
"Front
"Then they get the biscuit. ‘Sides, Jawn's gonna be hopped up on pills all day tomorrow, and the worst thing Sherlock wants to do when he's hyper is cling to your side and do loads of crafts. Easy-peasy."
“Are there fish on a chocolate mountain?”
"Then why...?" One hazel eye cracked open and regarded them for a moment before he huffed a sigh and sat up.
"I went to a night club looking for a suspect."
Mycroft unbuckled the baby and helped him out of his booster, then bent down to retrieve his cup from the floor. "Go find Gregory and ask him to put a movie in," he said, handing it to him and giving him a peck on the cheek.
Mycroft rolled his eyes and sat on the sofa, Sherlock still riding his hip. “Are you going to bring me some dummies so Sherlock can pick another one and return yours?” Mycroft gently peeled the massive coat from the little detective’s shoulders.
"How do we bind his ribs? Is there anything we can do to make him more comfortable?"
"Preferably something short," Mycroft yawned.
"This isn't our fault, Gregory."
"We maked b'ue! I y'ike b'ue, an' ye'yyow!" Sherlock squirmed, his voice taking on a bit of whinge; "An' g'een fa' Jawn. An' lab'bender!"
Sherlock can feel his eyes grow hot and he can't remember why he thought he would avoid the smacks he's about to receive. "My bottom..."
Sherlock looked skeptical, but finally took his brother's hands and stood up with a groan.
Sherlocks' shoulders slumped out if relief. "Thank you... Greg."
Boy...it may have taken longer on a full stomach, but once his medicine hit, it
“He never lets anyone hold it,” Sherlock whispered in Jawn’s ear. “No one but ‘Thea, an’ she’s special.”
Sherlock, suddenly beyond the capacity for words, burbles unintelligible nonsense.  John chuckles deep in his throat as he moves over him.
Jawn bounced back onto his bottom, causing the springs in the sofa to groan. “It used to be bouncier,” he pouted.
"....Then where's the cup, darling?"
"I'd wor'g?"
"You wouldn't enjoy it. And I wouldn't be able to mind you so you would likely get into trouble."
Jawn gestured vaguely to the sitting room before reluctantly dropping his handful of pilfered green crayons back into the tub. He replaced the lid, and then hugged the large tub to his chest before standing up and trotting back down the hallway.
"What did you want again, John."
“Enforcing the rules is kindness.”
“Can we, um…can we try for ice cream again?”
"...Should we wake him up for another?"
"Be very careful, though...don't drop them."
John has had enough, and just as he feels his balls tightening, he rams to the back of Sherlock’s throat and let’s go. Sherlock swallows all like a good boy, his eyes closing in contentment, only a few drops of John escape and slid down his chin.
"You are the Daddy. But this is what family is for. You can trust us to help take care."
“Yes, yes, I love you, too.” Mycroft patted twin padded bums; “but you’re both still terrible.”
Done, he takes a step back; "Alright, let’s get it over with then. Tell Da' why he's such a dickhead for not allowing you to wake Mrs. Hudson at nearly four in the morning to retrieve your hedgehog." He says, crossing his arms over his chest.
"I'm be'ry pay'thent."
Jawn gave a sad little sigh; “S'only when we both y'ittle it’s hard.”
Sherlock opened his mouth and let Mycroft put the pills on his tongue, and when Greg handed him his cup he quickly drained it. "Yu'g," he groused, puffing for air.
After several hard swats to his sit spots Daddy stopped spanking and laid his hand on the small of Sherlock’s back, rubbing small circles, murmuring to him softly. It took a few minutes for Sherlock to calm enough to realize the punishment was over. With Daddy’s help, he pulled himself up and fell heavily into Daddy’s lap, moaning softly as his very tender bottom pressed against Daddy’s thigh, he snuffled sorrowfully into Daddy’s shoulder. They sat that way for a long time, with Daddy rubbing his back and pressing kisses to his face.
"A'cause why?" Sherlock looked back over his shoulder as Greg guided him out of the bathroom and down the hall to the nursery.
"G'eg? I's'ceam?" Sherlock put on his best puppydog eyes.
“Your hair now?”
"Speak for yourself. I spyyyyyyy...something blue."
"Ooooooo, Jawn!" he babbled excitedly, thumbing through Mycroft's phone. "Is G'egs pi'gshur!"
"I'd gonna hur'd?"
"I don' wan'id. I wan' be wif, Sher'yock."
"You're welcome, muffin--don't take that lid back off," Greg added quickly, just as Sherlock had his grubby little fingers back on the cap.
"Billy nodded sagely; 'Very true, it won't just keep you close to me, but me to you as well.'"
"Y-y'ah," Sherlock said in a barely audible whisper, his eyes welling up.
“I can’t promise that one.” Sherlock’s voice was quiet, his mind still working.
Sherlock ducked his head and looked up at Mycroft through his lashes before accepting another bite of salad.
" 'Cause couch potatoes don't have to wear pants, do they?" Greg shoveled a spoonful of corn into Sherlock's mouth.
Molly bunched up handfuls of her dress at her sides and did a teetering cursty. "F'ank you, f'ank you!" she said, and skipped the rest of the way down the hall.
"You wanna get the plasters?"
"I'll take over, if you need me to."
The arm of his action figure drifted into his mouth as he thought about it, mouthing the words around the plastic. “F’wog.”
The little fairy crossed her arms and glared up Billy from where she stood on his outstretched hand. 'You'll need to fix my house, of course,' she said."
“But, but, but…” Jawn turned to face Mycroft to voice his rebuttal and stumbled.
Sherlock laid there and sucked his thumb while going through the motions--bum up, bum down, bum up, bum down--as Jawn rattled around the bottom of the changing table, where all of their supplies were kept. Mycroft snapped Sherlock's onesie closed, then bent down to take the bottle of baby powder that Jawn had picked up, but thankfully (frustratingly for him) couldn't figure out how to get open with only one hand.
"To bad it won't make you sweeter," Mycroft sniffed.
"You have to think of it really, really hard, muffin...that's what makes it a wish."
There was a beat pause on the line, and then John's voice came through...he sounded shocked that Sherlock had answered, and then cautious for the very same reason. “Sh-Sherlock? I--You, uh, what are you doing up at 4:30 in the morning?”
Mycroft shrugged and held the bag out for Greg; "What's the worst that could happen?"
"I'm not putting you down."
"What flavor do you want?" Greg poked Sherlock's dirty nose.
"Aw, Sherlock," Greg cooed. "Where's my happy muffin?"
be joking."
"P'ease, p'ease, p'ease."
"Smart arse." Mycroft swatted at his boyfriend again before turning to go to the bedroom.
"She did'nah say tha'd!"
Jawn was hyperventilating into his blanket.
With a short nod back, Sherlock pulled his coat closer around him, and started to leave.
...which is exactly when Sherlock, being a little social butterfly with the aid of medication, decided to call out "F'ANK'OO FOR SH'IPS!!!" as loud as he could in the direction of the front door.
"Easy. Eat them slowly. Enjoy them." Mycroft poured some more onto the table.
“F'ank'oo,” Sherlock said, leaning over the bowl and watching the blade cream the sugar and butter together. "When we add choc'ade," My'cobb?"
Sherlock sighed, and relaxed back against Mycrofts' shoulder.
"...Shh, he's dozing off."
"No, but we're nearly home."
“No, you willingly gave it up; it’s Sherlock’s turn.”
“G'een.”
"Careful...wouldn't want to burn dinner like you did the baby."
"Ah, I see."
"Sherlock. Do you want to play with play-doh?"
“Aw, you want me to feed you.
After a good five minutes of sitting there silently, staring at each other in the dark, Sherlock finally (and oh-so
"You only wanna go by yourself so you can collect pamphlets for the next time I relapse. Mycroft has a whole drawer of them." Sherlock is too busy pouting to see the horror on John's face.
It was Mrs. Hudson's turn to grimace.
“That’s not your job at the moment, it’s mine. You’re a little boy and that means your job is to behave and listen.”
"'M'ron man," Sherlock agreed.
Mycroft put the flower in the sink and gave it a quick rinse. "Pull the plug."
"Ow'ss!" Sherlock sat up and grabbed his backside, pouting at his brother. "Tha'd hur'd!"
"An'na necklaces!" Molly was on cloud nine. "Soooo many sparkles!"
"Y'esh."
“Ass'cident, My'coff! Ass'cident!!!’” Jawn cried covering his bum with his hands. Alligator tears on the ready.
"Da'yee di'id. I was ba'." Sherlock's face crumpled.
"Hush up and eat your noodles," Greg groused around a mouth full of seafood.
"Don't talk with your mouth full, please."
“O’gay! P’yate!”
"Sorry, muffin. You okay?"
"He's going to wake up, Gregory, despite your best efforts...it's fine."
"Ta'ge fore'ber."
sorry!” he pleaded.
Mycroft brought Sherlock into a hug and began to rub his back. "Alright, we're done down here...time to go upstairs. Maybe Gregory will bring a nice bottle with him when he joins us," he added, eyeing Greg over Sherlock's shoulder.
"C'ying."
"I don't believe either of us could have seen this coming, Gregory. Go to sleep."
“We’re not getting ice cream, are we?” Jawn asked with a frown.
“Yes. It’s Mycroft’s bedtime. And it’s way past Jawn and Sherlocks' bedtime.”
"Myc."
Greg huffed. "Pity," he said, though Mycroft could tell he wasn't all that serious about it.
The imagined sight of Daddy is enough to almost push Sherlock over the edge and he begins to thrust in earnest, whispering filth. "So tight Daddy, gunna make me cum...Spread out for me just a bit more, that's it...you like my cock inside you don't you...ah ah ah, you'll cum from my cock or not at all…Come on Daddy, cum for me." Sherlock growls at the image of Daddy below him, shivering at each thrust of his little boy's cock. He recites things that John has said to him many times before, trying to mimic the same seductive voice that the doctor whispers in his ear. He’s lost in his fantasy of slamming himself into Daddy’s arse, making Daddy call out his name. Making Daddy beg to touch his hard dripping cock. Making him beg for release. Oh, he enjoyed the idea of making Daddy beg for so many thing.
"Well I would be a bit agitated too, so you must forgive your poor Daddy," she said as she tucked the bread into the toaster. She pressed the lever and turned back to Sherlock.
“That’s enough.”
“Bu’ Sher’yock ain’t bo'vvered! I ain’t bo'vvered!”
Sherlock pinched his lips together tightly, closed his eyes, took a slow, deep breath through his nose, and held it. He held it until he was sure that the next time he spoke, his voice wouldn't wobble.
"Baby cousin of purple."
"Yea."
John could not be sure, but he was almost positive that he heard a contented sigh come from Sherlock. The boy snuggled close to him, his fingers gripping the arms of his jumper.
. And it's going on the charger."
"I dun' wan' c'yothes."
"On'yee the y'eaves!" Sherlock leaned forward, away from Greg's touch. "Done, a'w done? Done, G'eg? P'ease?!"
"G'eg y'ike y'ots of f'ings?"
"Sh'ips an' gra'by."
"C'n Pean'ud help, My'cob?"
Greg put a smooch on each eyelid as Sherlock blinked. "They are a very pretty blue."
"Sherlock? Who are you talkin' to, muffin?"
Sherlock's eyes darted to Greg, then back to his phone. "...I have a missed call," he said.
Greg scrubbed his face with his hand; "Course he did."
“Didn’. Try ‘gain.”
Mycroft undid the snaps of Sherlock's onesie and carefully rucked the whole thing up under his arm pits.
"Rea'yee?!?!"
Mycroft raised his eyebrow. “Hard-headed, the both of you.” He took Jawn by the elbow and turned him around, facing the back of the kitchen. “Sherlock got a warning and a time-out first, and so will you. Go put your nose in that corner until I call you back,” he said, and sent the stubborn little doctor off with a firm swat to the back of his thigh, since he surely wouldn’t feel it through his nappy.
"They wouldn't be faerie houses without all of that."
Mycroft had untaped Jawn’s nappy and let the dry bit of fluff hit the floor. He rested a large hand on the curve of Jawn’s bottom that stilled him completely.
“Fair enough.” And with that John helped him out of the tub and into a towel before ushering his lover towards their bedroom.
Christ, he was never getting out of this day alive. “Prizes didn’t go well earlier, remember?”
He felt his phone in his pocket buzz, but he was neither in the position nor the need to answer it straightaway. Instead, he gently rubbed his hand up and down his little brother's torso, carefully pressing down every so often to feel for broken ribs.
"Those are cupcakes, yes. But you're my muffin." Greg poked him in the belly, making him giggle.
Greg muttered something under his breath.
"I have water, tea, prune juice, milk... what will it be?" Mrs. Hudson asked, studiously ignoring the mess on her impeccable kitchen floor.
"I don' y'ike tha'd, G'eg."
“No, no, no! I think understand. It’s just very...strange.”
Nothing.
Except in his mind palace, it’s not his hand, but John's that has just reached down to grab his cock. John is going to wank him off. Slow and steady at first, using his pre-cum to slide up and down his entire length.  Then it would be fast and hard, just like Sherlock wants. Rough and hard with no mercy until Sherlock begs his Daddy for release.
"Well, yeah, but looking back..."
“Does it? I’ve never seen a three-tiered mountain with cherries on top.”
"Brilliant, thank you." Greg smooched Sherlock's cheek. "Do you wanna know the most smart thing Mycroft's ever done?"
Sherlock sat up and watched Greg unloading all of the food...there were chips, of course, with gravy and cheese curds, as well as brisket, big round yeast rolls, corn, and a massive salad. "Y'ah, sh'ips."
"A perfect color for you. Maybe you can barter some of your bracelets for Sherlock's rings," he said, nodding to the baby as Sherlock stacked every ring he could find on each of his fingers.
Sherlock clapped and made Peanut give Molly a kiss on the cheek with his trunk. "I tole you!"
"Yeah, you did...nobody knew where you'd gone off to, little boy," Greg said as he smooched the side of Jawn's head. "We didn't know what had happened!"
"I call this sofa." Greg tipped his chin at Sherlock; "I got the injured baby."
Sherlock finally met his eyes and stuck out his bottom lip. “Only wanted my cup,” he admitted, barely speaking above a whisper.
"I d'un sk'ibble!"
Sherlock slowly turned back, eyes big and wide…and ah, yes, there it was! The dazed, dreamy look was misting them over again. “Am?” he asked.
"One," Sherlock counted, his tongue poking between his teeth as he painstakingly dribbled four drops of blue dye into the third cup. "I di' y'it!" he shouted, throwing up his hands and raining blue droplets everywhere.
"Here, this one's p'etty!" Molly bubbled, picking up a rhinestone tiara that featured rose-gold colored leaves, with crystals patterned as little flowers. She edged over to Greg on her knees and placed it on top of Sherlock's head.
"Wha'd ha'bben, G'eg'ry?" Sherlock was kneeling next to the bed, his bugs lined up along the edge.
Daddy was an efficient spanker. Laying down a heavy round of swats and then pausing to let the heat settle in before starting over again. Sherlock howled and flailed, but Daddy had him firmly anchored to his lap. After what felt like hours, but was really only a few minutes, Sherlock quit struggling and lay still over Daddy’s lap, sobbing heavily as Daddy continued to light his bottom on fire.
"Is it the paneling?"
Mycroft held down his hips with one hand; “What’s that you picked, that’s going to look horribly wrinkled?”
"You ate dinner not even three hours ago."
"And beads and seashells. These are going to be homes that any little fairy would be proud to live in."
“No, no, Jawn. I told you that you could have this one when you found me a replacement.”
, one!…”
"Peanu'd!" Sherlock made grabby hands at the toy and promptly buried his wet face in Peanuts fuzzy belly.
Greg leaned in close to Sherlock. "Mycroft's no fun, is he?" he stage-whispered, making Sherlock giggle.
"This is all very charming, but how'n hell did this become our evening?" Greg asked, the smile on his face taking the sting out of his words
No. No, that was not happening.
Mycroft rage sniffed as he filled Sherlock's cup with juice, and then retrieved his pain pills. He wondered if Sherlock had been too small to administer them himself.
“He...could he have been air lifted out of the yard?” Greg asked, causing Sherlock to shiver beside him.
"Hmph. This is the first thing I'm trying the next time you get stroppy."
"Me too! My'cob ha'des 'em! Me a' Jawn almo's maked him f'row ub!"
"Greg's looking for your sauce. You want some noodles and veg?"
Sherlock held up four perfectly filthy fingers.
"Yes, yes of course."
"Mmmmm, grey wi'f bees."
"Bu'd is my, um, bir'fday" Sherlock tugged a bib on over Baxter's head; "My fr'en's nee' ca'ge."
"Oh, you gonna help us find them, little detective?" Greg chuckled and gave him a bounce. How adorable! "They were blue with...what was it, Myc? White spots?"
"No. I'm dressed like an infant. Where are my trousers and shirt? My pants?"
Mycroft folded the last towel and hung it to dry. “…It was a little funny,” he countered.
Greg gave his hand another squeeze.
"Ba', ba', ba'," Sherlock babbled, until Mycroft shushed him with a kiss to his sweat-damp forehead.
“Si’yee cu’de bay’bee,” Jawn beamed, mouth full of sandwich.
Greg led the bouncing babies down the hall to the first floor guestroom that sometimes substituted as a play room. While Molly looked around, mouth agape at the sheer size of the room (it was as big as half of her entire flat), Sherlock scooted around her and hopped up onto the bed. "Maw'yee! Two y'iddle mon'gees jumpin' on'na bed!"
“No bubba’s, p'eeeeaaase," Jawn whimpered, patting his own lips.
Mycroft followed at a more leisurely pace, pausing in the doorway of the bathroom to check on Sherlock. The little detective was on his knees, mopping water off the floor with several hand towels.
"It wouldn't be the same story then."
"Baths are lovely, especially after a long day of playing hard." Perfect. Someone was going to go down for bedtime without much of a fuss. Mycroft stood and picked up two of the cups; "Would you like to help me carry them inside and put them in the window?"
Greg held up his hands for cover; "I didn't hear you tell me to stop," he said, giggling like a school boy.
"Yea, was blue...Jawn gunna wear a rubbish bag in the ba’ff tub. He's gunna ha'd it."
"The antibiotic?"
"Did you get them juice?" Mycroft asked, peeling the little container of marinara open.
"...Only if Gregory wears one, as well," Mycroft said, smirking at the dirty look Greg was shooting in his direction.
Sherlock nodded, and Greg led him back to the bed and got him to climb back up before sitting down next to him.
"It's not time to play, it's time to rest."
"Jawn y'ikes toast."
"G'eg say 'yes'?"
“Who taught you that begging long enough gets you what you want, hm?” Mycroft asked, and then kissed the tip of the little detective’s nose without looking away from what he was doing. “Whomever taught you that needs a swift kick in the pants.”
Mycroft reached out and caught a wobbly Sherlock by the shoulders and held him steady for a moment, waiting to see if he was going to cry or not. "There's a good lad, you're alright," he said, patting the baby's back.
“It’s alright little love, but perhaps you should apologize to our guest.”
"No, but with damage like this he undoubtedly had one."
Mycroft tried to stifle his giggling, making his shoulders shake.
"Here," Greg said, handing Mycroft a dampened paper towel. "We were supposed to share, you little chocolate gremlin."
! Gi'b it back!!!" Sherlock reached over his brother and struggled to get the back, yelping when Mycroft smacked the back of one hand.
Sherlock snuffled against his neck, trying to self sooth. Crying hurt, with each hitch of his breathe pulling at his sore ribs.
"Be'room. Bu' nu'ffing in'restin' in Nana be'room," Sherlock rubbed his wet face on Greg's thigh.
John cocked an eyebrow at Sherlock, causing him to look at the floor and shuffle his feet. John took the phone from Sherlock and pressed it to his ear. "He's right Mycroft. He can't be punished for what happened at Baskerville again, but if he isn't careful he'll be in trouble for his current attitude."
"M'nod tie'yerd."
“No, I was saying that I’m right, right now–” Mycroft stopped when he heard muffled giggling coming from the folds of Jawn’s blanket, at the same moment he felt Sherlock trembling in his lap…he glanced down and caught Sherlock biting down on his lip, hard, in an effort to keep from laughing.
Sherlock stuck his thumb in his mouth and stared at the cupcake in front of him. "I'd won'd?"
“I very lightly swatted his bum to get his attention and keep him from squirming right off the bed.” Mycroft put his arm around Sherlock, letting his hand rest on hip and rubbing it. “Hurt your feelings more than it did your bum, didn’t it?”
"He's adorable."
And Gregory, of course. But mainly Sherlock.
"C'ak!"
"Four, four gen'le ones," Sherlock said to himself as he held the yellow bottle above the water. He gave it a gentle squeeze...barely enough for a drop to well up in the little nozzle, let alone fall into the water.
Sherlock looked down and pouted, but didn’t argue. Because if he argued, he knew he’d get upset. And if he got upset, he knew he’d cry. And he didn’t want to cry. At least not here, in front of people. He went to pick up his spoon and at least make an attempt at finishing the rest of the sugary muck, but he noticed a smudge of chocolate on his thumb from the worm he’d picked up, and went to lick it off.
"He is. And I'm not ready for bed at quarter to eight. Are you?"
"We all look very nice. Very...festive."
Greg watched the procession with a half grin. "The fucking wheelbarrow," he repeated, shaking his head, and then followed the others inside.
"Then I need you to listen to me, so we can finish our cupcakes. Do you want to add the vanilla?"
"Oh, stop. You love them." Greg turned his head so Sherlock couldn't flash the little penlight in his eyes.
“He always fusses ‘bout gettin’ dressed,” Jawn said, his dummy lolling in his mouth.
"I don't want it."
“Gol’fish,” Sherlock said, wrinkling his nose the same way he had earlier.
“Do you need to sit on the naughty step?”
“It’s too red…you spanked too hard.”
"Ah, yes, that's right...Baxter, that was his name." Mycroft wiped a dribble of milk away from the corner of his little brother's mouth. "Well, Baxter was a curious bunny, and his favorite thing to do was to go exploring. And his boy loved going with him, most of the time...but unfortunately, Baxter could be forgetful, and he would often get lost when wandering..."
"I y'ike col' sauce."
Jawn's eyes turned glassy. "S-saw'yee," he sniffled, his voice thick. "Don' span'g."
Sherlock took the cup in both hands and crawled over to Greg on his knees, then plopped down on his bottom next to him and watched as Greg took one of the bugs, placed it on the base of the toy, and started pushing buttons.
“Jawn poking me!”
Greg set about helping Molly with getting her tiara to stay in the right place, but she had the same issue that Jawn suffered...her hair was so straight and fine, the tiara was just to heavy to sit without tilting. "I think it adds character," Greg said. "Like a sassy princess."
"Kitty slippers?" Greg eyed the blush that went all the way to Mycroft's ears; "Did he used to have kitty slippers?"
"Naughty fish."
"Spi'yer?"
"One mo'??" Sherlock asked, holding the empty cap up and waving it at Greg as yellow-tinted suds started piling up and filled the room with the scent of really sweet lemons.
Using his telescope he peeped around the corner to see Jake the Pirate standing proud on the bow of his ship.
Mycroft had to get him appeased somehow; little things like hand-holding and spoon-feeding could be easily missed among a crowd who wasn’t paying attention…a six foot man bawling and blubbering at the top of his lungs couldn’t. “Is it because I told you to do it yourself? Sherlock, I promise, I swear, that if you can just wait until we get home, I’ll hold you all afternoon if you wish it!”
Jawn ignored him again and bounced over to where Sherlock lay, then knelt at his head and leaned over him, staring at him upside down.
Generally, Sherlock did not have a problem with hygiene, but his little boy grunted and groaned at the announcement of a bath. John silenced him with a look, took him by the shoulder, and marched him to the bathroom.
Mycroft rubbed his back absently; “Smaller sips, lad. Is that…”
Greg opened his mouth and stuck his tongue out, showing his half-chewed rice and curry off in all it's gory...er,
Mycroft pinched the bridge of his nose and prayed for patience. "No, we probably won't bring infants on a romantic holiday."
"Remember how much your face hurt a minute ago?"
"I y'ub o'sen...f'ink G'eg fin' Bax'er?"
"I was distracted! It should be in his paperwork!”
“Oh. Cause’da worm?”
Mycroft stopped right in the middle of wiping Molly's mouth; "...Whatever you'd like, darling."
Sherlock glared at him with all of the impotent rage a two-year-old-at-heart could muster, but when he realized that wasn’t getting him anywhere, he finally settled back and watched the action unfold (for what must have been the 50th time) while taking long, slow drags from his bottle.
Sherlock howled in delight; " 'gain, 'gain, 'gain!"
Greg dumped the rest of Sherlock's noodles into the trash and put his bowl in the dishwasher.
It took every ounce of reserve to keep from racing into the pantry and back again, but the baby had promised and Mycroft had to show Sherlock the same trust that he himself showered Mycroft with everyday.
Sherlock pouted at John through his fringe and looked about to tantrum before John ran a hand down his arm, gripping the boy's hand. "Yes, we had an excellent time. We ran into a bit of a snag when someone tried to use a marker to change the sign at the sun bear exhibit, but otherwise…” John squeezed Sherlock’s hand before he could retort. “Yes, they had them listed under the wrong genus. We alerted the staff…But Sherlock hasn't told you the best bit about the zoo though,” John took the phone from his ear and handed it back to Sherlock. “Why don’t you tell him about the hedgies.”
Sherlock picked up the two pill bottles sitting on the nightstand and turned to leave the room, while Greg could only watch. From across the room, he heard his lover sigh; "...What is going on."
"Nooo, G'eg...gi'b i'd back!" Sherlock whinged as soon as he realized his mistake, and reached for it again. "Mine phone!"
“Sherlock does not need his hat, and Jawn does not need to climb those stairs!…JAWN.”
“I didn’t say ‘go to sleep’, I said ‘close your eyes’. You can talk with your eyes closed, can’t you?”
"Moll's, you want soup?"
"Time fa' b'eakfas'."
Sherlock slide into the seat behind Greg, fastening his seatbelt without prompting. Greg hopped in and turned the heat on. John's teeth chattered as he sat shivering in his seat. Definitely in shock then. Greg pulled into traffic, speeding but otherwise careful. He wished he'd thought to bring a panda car.
“Why purchase it at all?” Mycroft scoffed, settling himself at the kitchen table, chin in hand. They were better than a daytime soap opera.
"I y'ike bis'sits."
"Cu'bca'ges?"
The tiny, medicated detective wrinkled his nose and grinned up at Mycroft in that crookedly-sweet way of his. "No 'm no'd."
"How many have you had today?"
Mycroft rolled his eyes. “No, Sherlock. It’s time to rest.”
"There's a pig'shur o'b you w'if your pan's tha'd Sa'yee showed e'beryone at wor'g," Molly said with a big, cat-caught-the-canary grin, giggling.
He nudged Jeffrey over and pulled his take away container out of the bag, then put it on the top shelf. “Goodnight, Jeffrey.”
"How about we're like bananas and peanut butter instead?" Greg hunkered down and helped Sherlock put one foot, then the other in his slippers.
"I just don't understand," Greg whispered, "why you'd never mentioned owning a bloody
“Greg.” John said, shaking his head and putting his coat on the hook. “He’s a friend of ours; it wouldn’t kill you to learn his name.”
"Mmm," Mycroft hummed. He opened a nearby cabinet and pulled out the big metal mixing bowl that went with the stand. "What do you think? Can he wait long enough to decorate cupcakes? I would hate for him to--"
"Hmm, this one is a little bigger than all the others. What color do you think it would like to be?"
“Rexie is the best of the dino’rawrs and--” Jawn chattered away as he followed Mycroft into the kitchen to refill their cups with juice; he'd spent the ‘i’m not scared, you’re scared’ bits of the film with his nose buried in Mycroft’s neck and, in the process, had decided to be friends with him again.
“Is'a triceratops.”
Mycroft was quiet while he let Sherlock process everything.
He doesn’t gags again, even when John is thrusting with the full force of his hips into Sherlock’s mouth. He takes John each time, moaning around the cock in his mouth as he does.
"Maybe. His bandage needs changed as well."
"Of course it's Sherlock's belly, and I bet it's ready for chips. Do you want socks?"
Sherlock shuffled from foot to foot, eager to join the search (but not eager enough to risk a smack). "Door i'sh y'oud," he said, tugging on one of his curls.
"Is that a 'yes, if you let me pick', or a 'yes, not even then'."
There is nothing beautiful or artistic about Sherlock’s thrusts this go around. Each thrust is semi-painful as he struggles to bring his cock to hardness. John watches in sadistic amusement as Sherlock hisses when he plunges all the way into the silicone toy.
"Sweet boy." Greg put another bite into his mouth.
The lack of strop made Mycroft more worried than the bruises. "Thank you my good boy," he said, fetching the cup and carefully poured several cupful's of water over Sherlock's hair. "Your hair is getting long again, it suits you."
"And a hairbrush!"
“Oh! John! Have to go. Mycrofts' made us cake for breakfast, because of course he has, because he’s Mycroft and cake and have a good morning!" Sherlock knew that his voice was far to fast and far to high to come across as anything vaguely in the neighborhood of 'alright', but he didn't care now.  "Cheery-bye!” He swiped to end the call as quickly as possible. Though he could feel tears pressing at his throat, none came--he was empty.
Greg started to lean down and reach for Sherlock by the time he got back to their end of the hallway, but his confining dress stopped him well short.
"I don't know who that is."
Mycroft looked in the bag for an extra fork. “Yes, but you should still be asleep.”
The little doctor froze, one foot already on the bottom step, and looked at Mycroft over his shoulder.
"It's alright, noodle. I promise. Just close your eyes and we'll count sheep."
Sherlock nodded, giving himself a squeeze before he disappeared down the hallway.
“Chew properly, with your mouth closed…no one wants to see that.” Mycroft speared a large bite of his own food…after all, this might just be his last chance for the day to eat a full meal while it was still warm.
At the top of the stairs, Sherlock turned to go to Mycroft and Greg's bedroom, but found himself being tugged the other way...towards the nursery.
"I know, I know, I'm almost there, big boy." Greg ran right through a red light. "Just hold on, and keep talking to me."
"The Christmas party from two years ago."
"May'be y'ater?"
“Jawn.” Mycroft could feel a headache building behind his left eye. He scrunched it closed to try and stem the pain. “How often is Sherlock this young?”
"Bu'd...!"
“This is da'licious. Next time I wan’ fwowers too.”
Sherlock hummed his agreement as he upturned a tiny porcelain frog and poured a small mountain of salt onto the table. "Maybe My can do that."
Jawn nodded cautiously....he could still feel the edges of his bottom tingling whenever he moved his bum just the right way, as a full reminder of exactly what he did to get himself in that situation.
Luckily the street was nearly deserted, the midmorning rush over. Sherlock, too far into headspace to put on his mask, chattered at Jawn about everything that he saw.
"He always keeps three things of milk in our fridge."
Gripping the spout of his cup between his teeth, Sherlock used both hands to scoop out a huge dollop of peanut butter.
, no-no," Mycroft scolded, and took the bottle from him again. "What did I say?"
Sherlock shivered as a cool calloused hand rested against his bottom.
Greg's mouth snapped shut, and he frowned as he climbed back into bed. "Why didn't you tell me where he was???"
Jawn turned to Mycroft. "He wan'ds his--!"
Greg took the cup that Sherlock had been using and gave it a quick rinse under the tap, clearing away the smears of frosting and cake. Then he rinsed the old milk out, dried it, and poured in some fresh before following after the two of them.
Jawn sat up on his knees and held up a…well, Mycroft didn’t know enough about infant-wear to know what it could be called, but it looked like another onesie, only with legs that would come down to mid-thigh, that buttoned up the middle. Bright green frogs with huge goggle-eyes on a blue background stared back at him, with ladybugs in the empty spaces…the buttons were shaped like them, as well.
"Good job, muffin," Greg said, standing beside him, with his hand resting on Sherlock's hip.
Mycroft nearly jumped out of his skin and covered his ears against the shrill, eardrum-piercing, teeth-shattering noise, and whipped his head up to see Jawn with a metal whistle in his mouth and both cheeks expanded as much as they possibly could be. “
Sherlock accepted the bite, and the next. "Thas a'licious," Sherlock yawned around the spout of his cup.
“Sherlock.”
"Of course. Would you rather sit in my lap and let Gregory do it, or let him hold so I can?"
“How about pajamas? Do you like pajamas?” Mycroft asked, patting the rest of the baby dry.
"Why isn't this bandaged," Greg asked, referring to the stitches, though he didn't expect the baby to answer; "And why isn't there any ice on that."
"Ra'ds."
"He gets extra, because that's more than likely what he's going to eat the most of. And that's fine."
Greg frowned and accepted the warm, damp flannel Mycroft handed him. "I know, it's just...."
They were much too little to have taken out like this, but it was far too late to do anything about it but get them back home safe and (somewhat) sound.
Sherlock clapped his hands and bounced in John's lap. "Look, there's an inside bit too." He said as he helped John open the card.
"Is sleeping in the crib tonight, yes."
"You're no fun."
“Just-I just wanted to check that you were okay.”
"No, but it's about the ocean."
"I y'ike sauce," Sherlock mumbled.
"Got his second wind, did he," Greg said as he leaned back against his pillows and pulled up the blankets. "Where's your dummy, little chatterbox?"
Sherlock whinged to indicate he'd been perfectly comfortable just a moment ago.
Sherlock leaned over his snoring brother; "Hims din'nah turn o'bb hims phone," he whispered to Jawn.
Sherlock whinged, eyes still closed, and Mycroft shushed him; "Shush," he tutted. "It was empty, anyway."
Greg opened his mouth to retort but a glance at Sherlock made him pause. The baby was shaking like a leaf, tears rolling down his cheeks.
“Sherlock?” Jawn said quietly from the doorway, one shoe on the wrong foot, the other in his hand.
"I y'am ead'ing," Sherlock said through a mouthful of pasta.
The sand pit was out. And he didn't want to stay near the tree with G'eg.
Greg cracked an eye open and peered up at the baby.
"Huh?"
Sherlock, Molly, and Mycroft gave him a look.
Again, no answer. He did have Sherlock's attention now, though; Sherlock looked around, his tiny shovel in hand.
Sherlock in nothing but a nappy and a syrup-covered smile while he plays at Mycroft's feet.
"You okay?" Greg raised an eyebrow at her as she wiped her thumb on her trousers.
Mycroft rolled his eyes; “You’re just awful-“
Sherlock gave a put upon sigh and groped blindly for a spring roll. Finding the half eaten one, he brought it up to his mouth and ate it, all while staying flopped.
“If you find Sherlock a new dummy, then we can watch a pirate film while we snuggle.”
...Then, he handed another bib to Molly.
“I don’t have the ‘brella, so I can have my dummy.”
John‘s not sure how he manages to keep himself from pouncing, but he stands in the doorway admiring the scene before him. Sherlock nearly always looked vulnerable, but never this vulnerable. His pale skin jerks with each hitching breath, and his eyes squint shut.
"Kay, Daddy."
"Yeah, but that all took what, twenty minutes? I didn't get to cuddle with him like that."
A sharp swat to the tender bit where his thigh met his bum made Sherlock yelp. “So'wwy! So'wwy, Jawn.”
"John and Sherlock are boyfriends"
"...They'll all be happy no matter which you pick, Sherlock," Mycroft said, seeing the worried lines on his little brothers' face.
Sherlock's mug stopped halfway to his mouth; "...His own?" he asked, the pain in his eyebrow going ignored as he raised it at a perplexed angle.
"Yeah, yeah, of course." Mycroft could literally hear her rushing about her flat, banging things around and her muttered curses as she dropped or knocked over something particularly heavy. "Dr. Hooper...."
“Fuck my mouth, Daddy. Fuck it hard.”
“Fl’yob’sy,” Sherlock mumbled, his eyelids already drooping.
Well, maybe it wasn't all anger.
Mycroft dropped himself back into Sherlocks' chair and went back to his own cup of tea. “Jawn seemed interested in playing in our garden," he mused.
“See, it works. Now eat, please.” Mycroft turned to his younger brother, who was sticking his fingers directly into his sauce, then licking them off. “That tastes better on the pasta, you know.”
Greg stood up and took his sunglasses off, then scanned the yard again. "JAWN?!"
"I y'ike it," Sherlock nodded. "B'ue nex'!"
“I know you won’t, because we’re putting your nappy on. See, all finished.” Mycroft stretched the last tape in place, and pressed it down firmly to secure it. “All done,” he said, lightly patting Jawn’s thigh. “Now let me up…I need to figure out something to feed you two.”
"You can kiss him good morning twice to make up for it."
"Flush cupcakes down the potty mouth, no sir."
"Sherlock Holmes," John cuts in, his tone stern. "IF aliens come, they would have to fight me to take you, but you know better. Go to sleep."
"Don' wan'id."
a nap, and by God, he wasn’t going to take one! He would raise bloody hell first before–!
Sherlock kicked off his bottoms, leaving them heaped on the kitchen floor. Daddy would pick them up.
Greg snarled.
“Don’t be preposterous! You wouldn’t have noticed a drone?”
"Fair enough." Greg put Sherlock's bum on the changing table. "Lean back for me sweetheart."
Mycroft actively ignored his little brother and turned to Jawn. “Here, give me that,” he said, reaching for the dirty flannel; “and go wash your hands.”
"Fuck, fuck fuck fuck Fuck
"Chicken noodle then?"
“I would never harm Sherlock,” Mycroft said softly, retrieving his little brother's stuffed bee, Mr. Bumble, from the sitting room. “Spankings sting and Sherlock is a drama queen.” He handed the stuffed bee to Jawn. “I need you to stay here,  alright.”
"Bu'd we jus' call'a doc'ker!"
"No down."
"I'm n'yot a'licious," Sherlock yawned, the stress of the last hour catching up with him.
The little detective looked sheepish, but nodded.
“Yes, you did. Why was pushing your naughty stool down the stairs completely unacceptable?”
Greg sighed, and kissed his forehead. "What a mess, hm?" he murmured.
Sherlock face scrunched as he gave Mycroft a huge grin.
"Watch it."
“Oh. We can read it nex’ time?”
Sherlock sniffled again, his back hitching under Greg's hand. "O-o'gay."
So, this afternoon should be a downright delight. For everyone.
time."
“JAWN HAMISH! You stop this instant!” Mycroft shouted, untangling Sherlock’s grip on his waist coat to hurry after the little piss pot. “Stay here, Sherlock.”
“Yeah, he does sometimes. We’re gunna find out if this is one of them times.” Greg wrenched open the door to the shed; “Jawn? Monkey. It’s time to come out now.”
"Y'ast time I s'eep wi'f G'eg an' My'coff. I don' y'ike s'eep by myself."
“Green.” Jawn watched Mycroft rifle through the cupboard, pulling out a pair of dark green trousers. “I should sit on the step with Sherlock so he’s not lonely. He’s always lonely without me.”
Mycroft had to chuckle. “Of course, Captain…my sincerest apologies.”
"We'll wipe em down and they'll be all yours," Greg took the bow off the present and watched Sherlock cram half a cupcake into his mouth so he could shred the paper with both hands.
me?!?"
Sherlock perked up and turned his attention to Greg. "Ha'b ice s'ceam?!"
Mycroft took another handful of berries and nodded. "At least four. And the large one."
"...You wan'na hold him again?"
There's a tension in the air as John watches, but he's smart enough not to say anything.
"G'eg say'ed they's mine now."
"My'cobb?" Sherlock tapped his brother's cheek. "Co'ppee?"
It was an uneasy silence. Each time one felt the urge to speak they seemed to think the other one would first, so neither did and both remained silent, waiting.
"Excuse me?" John can hardly take him seriously. Sherlock is squirming like a toddler, his curls tossed around in messy bed head, and in one hand he’s still dragging around that awful jumper.
"Y'emons."
“And that’s a chocolate cake for a mountain. We’re not going for realism, lad…we can have a green sky, along with fish, and an army of cherry snowmen.”
"...Alright."
Is John still in the room or did he leave 20 minutes early?
“Those nets need emptied into the rubbish can. Both of them, Jawn Hamish.”
"Let Myc help," Mycroft sputtered, wrapping a hand around Sherlock's as he pulled another scoop out dirt out of the bag
"G'yi'dders s'ick toge'ver."
b'yue!"
"Are you surprised?!"
“Uwwww, pur’ble!” Jawn stuck his finger into his mouth and sucked it clean.
"Well, you're not wrong; I love bed," Greg told Peanut, her spotted head on his shoulder.
Mycroft hand stopped just over the small bowl...it seemed that Greg hadn't even realized what he just said. "Yeeeees," Mycroft said carefully, watching Greg. "
Sherlock grinned; "Noooooo, d'as Hei-hei!"
"No," Sherlock toed out of his socks. "Din'nah fee'yl y'ike i'd."
"I know. But you won't help him by knocking him down by rushing. Deep breath," Mycroft took a deep breath, Sherlock followed a bit shakily. "Good boy. We must be gentle with Jawn for now. Alright?"
If he can just get through this punishment, then John will stroke him. It never happens when John is cross with him, but once Sherlock has allowed John to burn his anger out on Sherlock’s flesh, he becomes free with his affection.
"Tip your head back, Pet. And keep your eyes closed."
"Exactly. Let's make the yellow one next." Mycroft opened the bottle of yellow and handed it to Sherlock.
Sherlock blinked a few times, but seemed subdued by that answer. 'Because Daddy said so' was not a suitable answer for Sherlock's over active mind. He needed explanations and logical reasoning. Without those things, his brain would pick apart every ruddy thing that John said. He did not like that part. He just wanted to be little.
"You're gunna hose him down?"
No answer.
"He doesn' wan' me too." Sherlock was suddenly sobbing. "I dun' know whata do."
"We can clear most of the stuff out of the crib."
Mycroft gave the front of his nappy a squish, earning himself a disgruntled squeak. "You most certainly do need a change.”
"Y'ah," Sherlock said, watching his sparkly feet with every step. "They smell goo'."
Jawn had been in a foul mood and hadn't wanted to play with him, Sherlock mused, crouching down. The grass was still somewhat flattened where Jawn had been sitting, so he sat down in that spot and looked around...
Sherlock hustled back to the bench a few minutes later, five clovers held as delicately as he could. "G'eg! F'yowers!!!"
"Why wa'ss mysel'b, G'eg?"
Sherlock stared at the pills warily. "My cu'b?"
” Mycroft smirked; “As tempting as that and absolutely soaked morning nappies sound...”
“May change the nature of their pub nights.”
Sherlock looked down and (as if he'd been waiting for that very signal) stuck his thumb back in his mouth, with Bunny still hanging from his hand. After having a quick peek around at the obviously dummy-less floor, he looked back up at his brother and shrugged.
"Blabber mouth," Mycroft scolded, pulling a bag of chicken fingers out of the freezer.
Sherlock gave an indignant squawk; "Bu'd you say'ed a' a'x him!!!"
“They ate it.”
"Ruining John does not take care of Sherlock."
Greg grimaced; "Should'a got you a fork."
“Of course
Greg waited to see if there were any more 'fucks' that his boyfriend had to get out.
“Oh…oh!” Mycroft squished him close again. “No, Jawn’s punishment is finished...however, if Jawn bites anyone ever again, he will get his mouth soaped. Understand?”
"Be nice."
"Of course she didn't...she's a baby. But that's what she wants."
'No. They are smelly and often eaten by bears.'
"C'an ha'b y'ibbons on'na houses?"
Mycroft blew out a sigh. He was well versed at diplomacy, even in regards to Sherlock's welfare...but Jawn had also been their sweet boy.
"Myc, we're gonna have neighbors calling if we keep this up."
"You can't control everything, darling."
“Can Jawn get me two sippy cups for milk?”
"Yes. She's going to tell us what to do about your ribs."
"I used rocks too, see."
Against his own better judgement, Mycroft scooted down the bed and spooned behind Sherlock, wrapping a protective arm around both little boys.
"In retrospection, I mean. He wasn't thrilled that I was here this morning, to say the least."
"No. But it will serve as a reminder."
"There had better be NO little monkeys jumping on that bed," Greg clarified as he opened the closet and pulled out a rather plain-looking black trunk. "We don't need anyone bumping their heads."
"Prat."
The heavy weight of the silence, as well as the weight of the two other men's gazes on his back, soon started to get to him. He opened his mouth to speak, but it snapped back shut when he felt the beginnings of tears sting the corners of his eyes.
save his sleeper. "It was similar to a thick, fruity milkshake, remember?"
Jawn’s demeanor changed as he turned his attention to the pitiful sniffling coming from his lap. “Sherlock,” he gasped. “...You caught two new freckles this morning!”
"There you go, a little more."
. It gave him an odd sort of comfort when he was in littlespace, having people talk about him like that as if he wasn't right there to hear everything...it infuriated him to no end when he was big, the condescending nature of it, but when he was small, it only made him feel smaller, and cared for.
Greg stuck out his tongue and blew a raspberry at his boyfriends' back, making Sherlock giggle and repeat the noise.
"Four shee'b."
"It probably loosened when he was glittering his own faerie house," Mycroft rubbed the baby's back. Sherlock had mostly quieted, to exhausted and unwell to fuss for long.
Jawn wheezed for breathe, a giggle breaking through every few seconds. “You guys…don’t…fight fair!”
John fixed him with a look. "I don't leave you on your own when you're in nappies."
"We don't have any coffee made."
Fifteen minutes passed before Greg stretched in his chair. There was a limit to how far he could push ‘five more minutes’ before he ended up with a proper strop on his hands.
“Yea?” Jawn shifted unhappily as Mycroft cleaned his bits. He was being a little too thorough if you asked him.
"I nee'yum?"
Mycroft bit his lip. As precious as that was, they were in public. And while their behavior had been odd, it had been within normal limits. Mycroft really didn’t relish the idea of getting an ASBO for…whatever this was.
Hopefully they stayed that way.
Sherlock went over to the drawer that held all the bibs and rifled through it. "Y'is one," he said, holding up a purple one with an owl on it.
"Forgive me if I don't believe you." Greg reached down and gave the front of Sherlock's nappy a squeeze. "Thought so," he whispered back, feeling it squish. "Let's go change your squish-pants."
Mycroft ignored his little brother, turning instead to the girl behind the counter. “We’ll be taking our order to go, thank you.” He made both men sit at a nearby table while their food was packed up. “Bums stay in the chairs, or they become targets,” he said before walking back to the counter. Thankfully, there were only three other customers in the place, and two grown men pitching fits and pouting were hardly the strangest sight London had ever seen.
“He’s sharin’ ours ones.”
"Aw, c'mon Myc!"
Jawn shook his head, bodily turning from Sherlock when he reached out a wobbly finger to touch. Sherlock started to panic. Nana wasn't home. They were supposed to call a grown up when they ended up small together. "We gotsa call a doctors." Sherlock shot up to find his phone but stopped in the doorway when Jawn's cries got impossibly louder.
"Brat," Mycroft said, and wagged his finger at his little brother. "Do it again and I'll take you back over my knee before sending you back to bed."
"Bossy." Greg flipped off the lamp on his side of the bed and laid down. Long fingers skated past his temple and carded through is hair. "You are exceptionally good at that," Greg yawned.
"Gregory?"
"Bu'd, I had'da res'gue her!"
Both little boys startled and stared wide eyed at Mycroft. “Until one of you can tell me what the problem is, you are both going to sit in time out. Now.”
"My'cobb?" the little robot said again. "My'cobb?...My'cobb?...My'cobb?"
That needed to be taken care of, as loathe as he was to admit it...but later. It would be taken care of later.
"Y'eh. To shoot spitwads with."
"What, chips and gravy? Hold out your arm, pet." Sherlock held up one bubble-covered arm, and Mycroft carefully rubbed at the iodine stains in the crook of his elbow with small, gentle circles, worried about the state of his veins. "Perhaps. You and Gregory are both in a hurry to clog your arteries, aren't you."
"Oh...I-i wouldn't want to impose."
"I like that one too. Will you be very still for me?"
"Can't we stay up here?"
"Y'ah!" Sherlock scrambled back onto the bed, pushed past Greg, and lifted his pillow to find...nothing. "Awww."
“Sherlock…”
Jawn beamed at Mycroft before scurrying the cabinet.
Which ended up being the pink dress, one yellow satin opera glove, one white lace glove, and a glittery red, sequined scarf. "Wha's this?!" Molly said, breathless after finally reaching the bottom of the trunk and pulling out another, smaller box.
Within seconds, the app had installed and he'd just pulled the camera up and pointed it at his brother's flushed face to determine the accuracy of the camera, when his phone vibrated in his hand and an entirely different face popped up on the screen instead.
"Myc?"
Mycroft sighed and leaned back in the car. "You're not stuck," he said calmly. "Just push the button on the...yes, that one, very good." Sherlock let the seatbelt zip back with a loud clack of metal against metal and scrambled to get past Mycroft and out of the car.
"Sherlock, muffin..." Greg sighed. "Please don't make me sit you in time-out. I really don't want to, but I will if I have to."
"And you wonder why you weren't allowed ice cream."
Sherlock scoffed at the use of the dreaded word, but seemed very interested in the prospect of rewards. "Like what?"
Sherlock giggled as Greg gave Mycroft the one-fingered salute with the hand he wasn't holding.
Jawn blinked rapidly to clear his eyes; “I’m n-not,” he said, his voice shaky.
"As if there's a bread shortage in this house."
Sherlock was fine with having his hands washed...in fact, he loved having his hands and fingers gently rubbed--but when it came time to wash his face, his nose wrinkled at the wet touch.
Jawn made the most horrible grimace and started gulping his juice until it was gone. "Bis-sit! BIS-SIT!"
He decides that he will just march right into the sitting room and tell John that. He certainly won’t smack him if they discuss this logically. Could he? The thought of a smack causes Sherlock to hesitate on the edge of the bed. John’s tired; it couldn’t be much of a smack. And he has on his sleeper and his trainers. He’s padded. Besides, he nods to himself; John isn’t going to smack him. He will be forced to listen to logic and allow Sherlock to stay up with him.
"...G'eg y'eave?" Sherlock asked, and chewed on a finger while he looked up at Mycroft worriedly.
Greg was quick to move it away from him while he brought up the music app. "What do we want to listen to tonight, gents?"
"See, and your brother knows everything, so there you go."
"G'eg sh'ips?"
"You can't come any further into the house while you're covered in grass, Sherlock."
"Same d'ime?"
"F'ank'oo," Jawn said, and picked up the plastic fork that had come with the cake.
Mycroft glanced up at Greg, eyebrow raised; "...Mermaid?"
Mycroft took a moment to glance down as he held his insistent little bugger–er, brother at arm’s length. “Nicely done, Jawn…you get another prize.”
Sherlock finally turned to face them, a faint smile on his face. "Top-notch commentary, Gavin," he said.
Mycroft shook his head, not willing to upset the peace they’d found. “Would you like to help me finish colouring my picture?”
"I can ge'd some for My'coff!"
"Eg'sep ba'dderies."
"You we'come, swee'dhear'd."
Greg shrugged at the glower he got from Mycroft. "It's a short enough walk across the yard; he'll be fine."
"Hurry ub," Sherlock agreed. "P'yea'th."
“How suitably dramatic.” Mycroft stared at his now-lukewarm tea, and then stood.
“What did I tell you?!” Mycroft scolded, all but wagging his finger in his little brother’s surprised face. “‘Stay in your seat’ means stay in your seat, not ‘get up and do as you please!’”
Sherlock leaned over the bowl with a small groan...okay, that wasn't too bad. But then, when he tried to open his mouth wide enough for his spoon to fit he groaned again, louder...that
"I y'ike i'd."
"All them freckles in the sun," Greg licked his lips and leered. "Worth turnin' a little pink."
"I c'n do'id!"
"Can you see Mycroft's brown suit that makes him look like a poop?"
"I understand, but you still have to be nice to Mycroft. Are you gunna be a good boy and do as I asked?"
"I don't want to put him to bed just yet, he's going to need more medication." Mycroft gave Greg's hand a squeeze and then let go.
Sherlock broke eye contact first, turning back to the porridge he’d made of his ice cream. “Can I try it too?” he asked, barely loud enough to hear.
"F'ank'oo!" Sherlock babbled as he grabbed his cup with greasy fingers and sucked half of it down.
‘Conniving little bastard.’ “We’ll see.”
Mycroft frowned when Greg shoved another egg into the baby's hand. "Gregory."
"For'ess."
Sherlock's fingers went still. "...You're a kinky old man," he said, and continued to pull out the device as Greg sputtered a protest.
Sherlock sat back like Greg wanted, but he kept his eye on the counter behind them, where Mycroft was popping cupcakes out of the tin and onto the counter to cool.
"Good." Mycroft let go of Greg's shoulder; "Because next time, I'll just spank you in front of him, instead of making him leave first."
Mycroft raised his eyebrow and considered telling him 'no'...but then thought better. At least he was eating, and if Mycroft knew his brother (which he did), then this was probably the first time he'd eaten all day. "Is that a good biscuit, Jawn?"
Jawn finished licking his fingers clean of salt and vinegar, and then wiped them on his trousers. “Can I have some too?”
"Grown ups don't have potty mouths cause grown ups are allowed to cuss." Greg put the cup down near Sherlock's bowl, snatching a piece to tofu out of his noodles.
Sherlock scooted across the bed and octopus'ed himself around Mycroft's waist; "So'wwy."
" 'Cause he likes fish."
"Just a few bites of real food for Myc, and then dinner is finished and we'll make frosting."
“…My’coff?!”
"Wha'd do a S'oopy?"
"I y'ike i'd. C'n we ha'b some toas'd too?"
"Mm, funny how that works." Mycroft put another small bit in the baby's mouth and then tasted some himself.
"I'mma need to record you sayin' that, or get it in writing or something." Greg pulled himself out a regular bowl, then clapped his hands once, sharply; "Now! Cereal!"
"Aaaaannnd we're
"Noooo, G'eg!"
"You, are obnoxious," Greg told him.
to marinate in your own piss all day?”
"Hey, your brother just had you...s'my turn!"
"I need something strong to get my head in the right space," she explained.
As if on cue Sherlock started to fuss.
! against Jawn’s backside, eliciting a howl from him. Mycroft paused for a moment and shook out his hand; after two spankings and an uncountable numbers of random swats, he was feeling as much as Jawn and Sherlock were.
Greg moved across the room quickly; "You don't just want the hose?"
Mycroft smirked. "Power sugar is a good name, too." He shook some out of the bag, and into a measuring cup. "We're going to pour a little bit in, and then turn on the mixer, okay?"
"Oh! Owww'sh!"Sherlock cried out.
"Don't know."
Sherlock sighed again, with all the disdain a soggy pants tot could muster, the scooted carefully across the bed and into Greg's arms.
Sherlock sat up, sniffled, and (before anyone could reach him) rubbed his hand over his eyes, wincing as it passed over the bruised one. "M-my'cob does i'd, too."
"Touche'. 'Night, love."
Sherlock’s head snapped up, and he gaped at his brother as his bits were powdered. “Bu’d it was funny!”
"If you want any spring rolls, I'd change your attitude."
Jawn beamed, meaning Mycroft guessed right. “Ah-huh!”
A wide, devious smirk spread across Mycroft's face. "Well, far be it for me to suck the fun out of the room," he said, staring directly at Gregory as he signed out of his mail and handed Sherlock the phone.
“What if you’re really cross with me and just leave me there and don’t come back?”
"The fogs?"
"You were meant t'a!'" Greg called after him as Sherlock giggled. "Okay slobber monster. Time to clean up and get ready for dinner."
"And you know how he gets when he's t-i-r-e-d," Greg said, looking down at the floor where Sherlock had decided to settle, and watched him take a big bite out of his popsicle. Greg cringed; "God, how does that not hurt your teeth?!"
"It’s gunna get smacks." Sherlock is frowning, his eyes wet.
Sherlock's breath started coming in brief little hitches.
Mycroft lifted
"You hush! Unless you'd like soap-flavored cupcakes."
"How could you possibly...?!"
Due to stink changes to aos formatting, the top of this chapter lists me (embalmer56) as the author of this chapter. In reality this was a 100% co-written with sadistically_sweet. I'm listed as the author because i 'posted' the chapter. All loves and kudos come to us both ;-)
"To make it beach like?"
"Yes, please."
"Make up a new beginning?"
Greg leaned over to look at his boyfriend's selection; "...That looks good."
"Bathtoys?" Now Mycroft was the one who was confused. "What??"
"O'gay!" Dirt came flying out of the bag, raining on both Mycroft and Sherlock. The baby dumped the little bit left on the trowel into pot. "One!"
"You'll be lucky if that's all you get tonight," Mycroft grumbled under his breath. "Gently, Sherlock."
“Bu’da t’yangle?”
"Wa'e My'coff."
“No, you’re still a tough little soldier, aren’t you?” Mycroft cleaned Jawn up thoroughly, getting all the little nooks and crannies as he’d been well and truly soaked to the point of almost leaking.
Sherlock rolled his lips between his teeth, biting down hard for a moment before glancing up at Daddy through his fringe.
Sherlock preened at the praise and allowed John to guide him into the sitting room. John sat down and found himself with a lap full of squirming detective.
“Watch movie?”
"I'm not ready for bed, Daddy." Sherlock tries to look stern, but he doesn't cut a threatening figure in his blue fleece footy pajamas with John's grey jumper from the day before tucked over his shoulder.
"Four gen'le ones," Sherlock scrubbed his fist across his face, leaving streaks of green. Oops.
"Let's go eat our pizza before it gets cold, little man," he said, not willing to argue about medicine anymore at that moment, and guided Jawn into the dining room.
“There’s my good boys. Now, blankets.”
"Di's n'ah farts, G'eg..." Sherlock tapped at the front of the phone.
"How we're all feeling and if we have the right ingredients."
"I s'eepin' in'na crib, too?" Sherlock frowned; they always snuggled up together in the crib. It was cozy, and they could whisper and giggle until they fell asleep.
"I wanna go wif Maw'yee. I y'ike wor'g." Sherlock turned away from another bite of soup and pulled off his bib. "A'mon. I nee' pan's."
"You are a fibber and you know it. You're adorable."
“A shark tooth?” Mycroft asked.
"Hi, G'eg!" Sherlock chirped, just now noticing him.
"My'cobb! No."
Mycroft sighed; “Now, this is why you should wait and ask an adult for help when you’re this little…accidents can happen so easily!” He stood and helped both Sherlock, and then Jawn, to their feet. “And you shouldn’t be drinking that anyway, not as long as it's stayed out!”
But, back to the task at hand, so to speak. “You’ve been testing my limits all day, little boy…you would think seeing it happen to Sherlock twice would have been enough of a deterrent, but nooooo!…” he scolded, swatting all over the little gremlin’s bouncing bottom.
"Bo'ff p'inger?"
"Perhaps." Mycroft licked his lips.
"You'll never lay another hand on him," Mycroft said, and then ended the call.
Sherlock's eyes began to water.
“What would you like Jawn?”
"Wai', Jawn!!...”
They fell quiet for a moment, both lost in thought, Mycroft kept stroking Greg's hair.
"...Would you be this livid if you didn't still care about him, too?"
“SherlockifyoujumponmeI’lldropyoulikeahotstone.” Mycroft pulled the hyper man in front of him to prevent just that, and tried to wrangle him into his blasted coat. “And ‘we’ll see’ means exactly that; we’ll have to wait and see.”
“Why were you hiding in the toy bin?”
Sherlock rested his chin on Mycroft's shoulder. "Da'yee," he sniffled while his tears dribbled down the tip of his nose and his chin, soaking his brother's shirt.
"Hey now! Watch yourself!"
"Quit shouting at me!"
“You could stay. Be Big if you have to, but stay,” Mycroft said softly; "Please."
"I detest rules," he replied snidely, brushing his long fingers through his curly bangs.
"Th'o yum'ee, Th'o yum'ee!"
"Yes, yes, you're terribly clever." Mycroft bent down and gave the top of Sherlock's head a kiss. "Now shhhh, it's past Gregory's bedtime."
. "I just, I still thought you were little."
“We ea’d a y’ot of po’bcorm. Mos’ly lefto’bers.”
“All toys that are capable of noise at that decibel belong outdoors. Everything else is negotiable,” Mycroft said, ignoring the attitude.
“Thank you,” Mycroft said, back to his regular tone of voice.
Jawn walked over and flopped down onto the couch next to Mycroft. “You’ll see!” he grinned, looking rather cheeky as he spun the wheels on his car.
Jawn tried to wiggle out of the man's reach, only to receive the same swat on his bottom that Sherlock had received. “Settle down, Jawn.”
"It's
“D’ese g’yasses is haw’d too.”
“No…you’re going to talk to me, little lad.” Mycroft wasn’t angry. Just very, very fed up. But he wouldn’t shout at an actual two year old, and he was not about to shout at someone who felt like one. “Why are you in trouble, Sherlock?”
Sherlock covered the toy in bubbles and smiled up at Mycroft as the bubbles lit up from the inside. "My fa'brite."
Mycroft shrugged. “Well…it’s partly true. You do tend to bottle up every emotion you’re faced with until they result in tears and wet nappies.”
"No."
“They make excellent pets….”
"What are you going to use for water until we get a fountain?"
“I dun’ y'ike dis one, My'coff. Ha'b diffren’ ones?”
Greg poured the baby another cup of juice, and put it on his tray. "Is it good, muffin?"
"So, anything from your list, then?"
Sherlock kept an eye on the door that Greg had left out of. "Mo'bie."
"Mycroft."
“No…but I.” John touched a finger to his lips.
Sherlock stared at his brother blankly for a moment, sucking the leftover peanut butter off his fingers, then smiled and wrinkled his nose as he got it. "Ohhhh."
Sherlock pouted and squawked as a cup of water doused his curls. “Nooooooo, My'coff. Dun y'ike it.”
"Nah. That's a wives' tale."
Sherlock shook his head at the next bite of brisket he was offered, and instead shoveled more chips into his mouth.
“Goodnight”, he whispered, and placed a kiss on each forehead.
"Billy and Baxter soon came to a clearing full of wildflowers, where every color of the rainbow swayed in the breeze."
"How many drops are we going to put in the next cup?"
Sherlock stood next to Greg while looking up at the window that his brother had just vacated. "G'eg?"
Greg blushed, suddenly all the more smitten. "Thank you."
"Almost done, brave heart. Almost." Mycroft moved swiftly, cleaning every crease. The baby didn't need a rash on top of everything else.
Worried lines crossed Sherlock's forehead. "I don' wan'd go ba'g."
"And all his brothers'n'sisters."
"You'll see." Greg swatted his backside and urged him towards the stairs where Mycroft had just reached the top with Jawn in his arms, and was continuing to carry him towards the nursery.
Sherlock laid out a flannel and carefully arranged his fish so they could s'eep. "I dun' wan' jams."
Greg's heart broke. "Please, please, please just take your medicine?"
Mycroft took them into the nursery and sat in the rocking chair, arranging Sherlock so he was cradled on his lap. A pang of regret made him kiss the baby's forehead as he latched onto the bottle and took a tentative suckle. This isn't how he'd wanted them to end up in the rocking chair, but...well.
While the two boys where scuffling with each other–Sherlock trying to push Jawn’s hand out of his face and Jawn trying to pull his head back down–Mycroft used the distraction to fetch a tube of rash creme from the nappy bin, squeeze a good amount onto his fingers, and apply it to Jawn’s nappy area.
"Jawn my...Jawn's my baby," the little detective said, frowning up the stairs. "I should..." he paused, his brows drawing together in a deep 'V'. "...I should be taking care of him."
“Hi, Sher’yock,” Jawn whispered…he didn’t know why he was whispering, but the atmosphere of the room made whispering seem to be the right thing.
"Those," Sherlock said, pointing to the box he'd put into his purse.
“Exactly.” Mycroft added a swat to Jawn’s sit spot. It wouldn’t do to leave this lesson half learned. “Jawn will use his listening ears from now on. When Mycroft says ‘no’, he means ‘no’.”
Mycroft poked the baby's tummy; "One of your cakes is going to be missing it's frosting because you just ate it."
"You're a cute little bugger," Greg said, placing a biscuit in his hand.
“The only sharks here are what?” Jawn called back, turning around to see why his crew had suddenly fallen behind.
"Yea? I y'ub i'd."
"Donuts sound delicious."
Mycroft put a large squirt of baby wash onto the flannel and began to gently lather Sherlock's shoulders. "Did you decide what kind of potatoes you want?"
Sherlock sneered at him; "Shut up.” He then slouched low in his seat and folded his arms across his chest; "…I only wanted to play a game, just one,” he mumbled. “Not even a long one.”
"Smoo'vy?"
Mycroft shuffled closer, spooning behind his sleeping baby brother. "You think?"
"Do goo' job."
"Bigger than se'ben." Sherlock took Greg's outstretched hand and they slowly went down the stairs.
Sherlock nodded again.
Greg swiftly took the bottle from Mycroft and popped it into his mouth."Mycroft is going to go keep our spot in bed warm for us."
The doctor doesn’t need to be told twice. He pushes forward until the tip of his cock touches the back of Sherlock’s throat. The detective moans with delight, and the sensation sends chills up John’s spine. When John pulls back out, Sherlock barely gives him time to adjust before he pushes himself onto John again, taking the whole cock for a third time. John nearly loses his balance. This was how he wants it then. Rough, hard, and fast. His grip tightening, he uses the leverage to shove himself deeper. Sherlock gags a little at the force, but adjusts quickly, and John repeats.
Greg started to laugh, and stepped back to the door. "You have a one-track mind, and I love it," he said, giving Sherlock a kiss on the cheek before turning him towards the bed and patting the back of his nappy. "Go open the case like I asked, sweetheart, please?"
“Yes. Though you didn’t seem to care for the one in the film earlier.”
"G'yitter?"
“Did you only eat my sandwich so you could eat my cake?”
Mycroft pulled the big, heavy mixing stand to the edge of the counter. "Sherlock, do you know where the powdered sugar is? Can you bring it to me, please?"
"Just open it," Mycroft said dryly. "Being surprised is half the fun.
Jawn gaped, affronted. “Hold Jeffrey,” he said, shoving the plastic triceratops into Mycroft’s chest.
“Bubbas first?”
Mycroft rolled his eyes and turned his head to look down at the baby. "Your Uncle is a bit touchy, isn't he?"
“Did you rinse the soap off the ducks?” Mycroft regretted the words even as they came out of his mouth. Jawn hooted and plopped his bottom back into the tub and turned on the water, squealing and back pedaling when cold water poured out of the tap and splashed him.
"They all boo'tiful. I cannah pick the bes' ones."
Sherlock gave a happy little gasp. "Yay, fina'yee!"
"True enough. You can have another breadstick, And this whole cup of sauce..."
Sherlock stopped his struggling and went limp, laying belly-down on the floor. Mycroft, having gotten wise to such tricks in the span of the afternoon, kept his hold on his ankle.
"I can see that. Have you been taking medicine?"
Greg stood off to the side with a cupcake of his own, looking extremely pleased with himself.
"So do I," Mycroft said, casually eyeing Greg up and down.
"I'm not sure." Greg helped guide Sherlock up the steps, a careful eye on their feet; "but it's not a very nice thing to do."
"Come snuggle with me, my love," Mycroft smiled at him carefully. If Greg caught a hint of condescension, they'd have a row. "You're not the only one who needs caring for."
Mycroft stuck his tongue out at Greg as he doused Sherlock's front in powder as well.
"They didn'd?"
"Sau'shes??? For ca'ge???"
"I know, sweetheart," Mycroft sighed, and slipped deeper down under the covers. He was so tired.
"What time is it?"
"He can'nah ha'b i'd. Is mine." Sherlock hugged the phone to his chest.
"No. I've been sent to bed early, no takesy-backsey's!"
“I lost my dummy," Jawn lamented, eyeing the mess of bedclothes sadly.
Mycroft read the story slowly, pausing on every page to make sure Jawn got a good look at the pictures before carrying on. By the time he closed the book, both little boys were snoring softly, with Jawn still hugging Sherlock to his chest.
He didn’t offer an explanation because, quite frankly, he didn’t need to. He arched his eyebrow, then walked back to the table to find the boys picking at their toppings and arguing about who got more of what, though they looked pretty even to him. “You got more sprinkles!” Sherlock whinged, wrinkling his nose at Jawn.
“Good boy.” He dipped the nearby cup into the water and poured the warm water down the back his head, his hand very careful to not let any drops flow forward into Sherlock’s face. His curls were thick and it took three of four cups of water to wet them thoroughly. The water flattened those natural dark curls and they laid down on the back of his neck. John always reveled in how long Sherlock’s hair was without the tightness of his curls. He could not help but run his fingers through it as he massaged in Sherlock’s very specific shampoo.
"Good call, darling. Now clear out before he comes back and realizes he's been had."
"We can have a few, not lots."
"Yea. I p'omise," Molly hooked her pinky on Sherlocks', and they shook on it. "You know I y'ub p'yayin' wi'f you."
Sherlock clutched the back of his brother’s waistcoat in a tight fist and watched the goings’on while quietly sucking his thumb, not wanting to draw attention on himself.
"Jumper!"  Sherlock took off through the kitchen and down the hallway.
"At least I have nappies to fall back on. How do you unwind, brother mine? Blow up a municipality?” Sherlock snarked, kissing Jawns' nose.
"The bug eyed chicken is in the movie more than the snuggly little pig?"
"Oh. Bu'd I won' ha'b an ass'iden'."
Sherlock’s eyes got huge as he patted his chest where his dummy was usually clipped. “Lost!
Sherlock shushed him before Mycroft had a chance. He adjusted the position his duck and then let it fly. It arced through the air and then banged against the counter before hitting the ground.
Greg smirked and shook his head; 'course the little whinger was. He reached up into the cabinet for one of Sherlock's bottles, and thought about what he could take up there for a snack that wouldn't give Mycroft a fit. Then, he filled a sauce pan with milk, a drop of almond extract, a teaspoon of sugar, and let it warm while he dug through the cupboard.
The little Doctor looked seriously between them before shyly selecting one covered in tiny bunnies. “Y'abbit ina gar’en, Sher'yock.” Jawn tipped his head and smiled at Sherlock through his lashes, hamming for all he was worth.
Greg shut the DVD player off and queued up Netflix instead, then decided to let it sit there until His Royal Highness returned. He leaned back and looked down at Sherlock, who was completely sacked out. Probably the first restful sleep the poor thing had had in days.
“Your car is on the desk. You can have it once you are dressed and have cleaned up the kitchen.”
"It's not all bad things, you know?" John explained. "We can have rewards too. I would much rather reward you for good behavior then punish you for naughty behavior."
“Sherlock most certainly did not 'do it’.” Mycroft patted the little detective on his hip, expecting a fit of indignant rage at being falsely accused..but Sherlock sat placidly, wide eyed, as Jawn opened the bin of crayons and started pulling out his favorites.
"A plastic one," Mycroft reminded him, and looked back down at Sherlock: the overgrown tyke had pretty much fallen back to sleep, his breathing having grown slow and shallow. His cup was barely dangling from his slack lips.
John just chuckles and shakes his head, not bothering to acknowledge the reproachful look of his little one. Computer restriction seemed an appropriate punishment for hacking Lestrade’s email account.
"Jawn. S'eps." Sherlock squeezed Jawn's hand. "One s'ep." Jawn wobbled but made it down the step. "Two s'ep." "F'ree s'ep." They proceeded down the steps at a glacial pace, Mycroft behind them and ready to grab the collar of Jawn's shirt, Greg in front ready to scramble and catch him. Neither little boy seemed aware. Counting all 'se'benteem' steps.
Mycroft helped get Sherlock under the covers and then handed him his bunny and blanket.
Then, as they approached the pond, Baxter suddenly raced ahead, completely forgetting the string that bound him and Billy together. It snapped easily and Baxter disappeared through the brush.
"I y'ub this game!"
"Bubba's is bes' par'd," Sherlock agreed, his eyes slipping closed.
Sherlock sniffled and nodded.
“I don’t want to.” Sherlock told the floor. John hummed this agreement.
"But he loves that stuff?"
"Yeah," Greg sighed. "I just don't wanna make it worse."
"Can you tell Uncle Greg what happened?"
“I know. Keep your naked feet outside.”
Mycroft tipped his cup at Sherlock. “I think the only one who trusts Lestrade more than you or I, is John.”
"Mmmm. Let's go put the baby down. I'm asleep on my feet."
“More so," Sherlock said, giving Jawn a loud smooch on top of his sandy head. “I don’t know how many times I have to say ‘Jawn is a cry baby' before people listen to me.”
Sherlock made a face and went back to counting his sprinkles.
"Aw..." Greg ushered him up to the bathroom on the second floor, and began running the taps in the bathtub.
"S'okay, I saw it contract. You never heard that a spoonful of sugar helps the medicine go down?" Molly said, handing him the light again to keep him from rubbing his eye. "That's good. Means there was no significant damage to the cornea. What did they prescribe him again?"
Mycroft chuckled; Jawn was cute when he was mad.
“Yeah!”
"Anything green! Christ, what did they give you?!" Greg struggled to get the other side of Jawn’s nappy taped
"That's not true."
He carefully made his way up the stairs, Sherlock bundled in his arms. Mycroft could still feel his entire thin, beaten little body trembling against him. "Shhhh," he whispered; "It's alright...Gregory's only upset with me."
“Sweetheart...”
"Jawn y'ike sand," Sherlock said, his voice getting quieter as tears welled up in his eyes and dribbled down his nose.
"I dunno. Pick something that doesn't need close attention to keep up with." Greg patted Sherlock's thickly-padded backside, catching a whiff of powder every now and then.
"Ya'h! Jawn y'ub it!"
Sherlock chewed on his bunny's ear and nodded.
"That sounds like you're just guessing."
"Da's not e'nuff!"
Sherlock shook his head.
“Not broken,” Jawn announced.
“Of course you can.” Mycroft moved to the cabinet, having to step over Sherlock, who grabbed at his trouser leg and giggled at him.
"D'as
"You came like a naughty schoolboy," John mutters, trying to keep up his dominant role, but unable to hide his surprise at Sherlock's lack of self-restraint. "Another new rule," John says as he reaches down to grip Sherlock's cock in his fist, the recent ejaculation giving John's hand the lubrication he needs for smooth strokes. "You do not come without my express permission."
"Shock had him quiet, until they gave him pain meds...then they just thought it was the trauma and him being goofy."
“Oh-KAY,” Sherlock snapped. There was a lot of attitude from the little detective today, which was only
"Because if I hear one more thing about anyone tricking you, I'm bringing you right back up here. Do you understand?"
“He can stand to be a little lonely right now…hands on my shoulders; step in,” Mycroft replied, bending down and holding the trousers out.
"G'eg! Y'ook!"
“My'coff have nice tee'fs?” Sherlock half crawled back into his big brother’s lap, his bottom half still on the floor.
a nappy.
"Y'ams. S'gots bees on 'em."
Mycroft leaned over and whispered in Greg's ear for a minute...then Greg nodded. Sherlock was busy taking big, stringy bites out of his pizza when Mycroft came to sit down beside him and set down his cup...he hadn't realized how hungry he was until he'd started smelling it .
"My'cobb ha'b y'ots of p'etty f'yowers."
"No. I d'un sh'eat y'ike G'eg."
Mycroft stopped, and turned around.
"I think six is plenty, don't you?"
"I can get up now, My,” the little detective stage whispered.
“Yes really! My’s the best bad guy!”
“I really should have thought this through more.”
Mycroft had to tighten his grip and clasp Jawn’s clenched fist so it wouldn’t collide with his brother’s face. “Oh, Sherlock…really?! How do you both survive living with each other?!”
“No more shouting,” Mycroft agreed. “And Jawn’s not being very nice himself.”
“Sssssss!” Jawn peaked through the open bedroom door. “My’coff snores,” he giggled.
"Maybe we can use your princess plasters."
"He needs calm."
"Very good. Which one do you want to do first?"
"It's a bit slinky. You'll look like a celebrity."
"Ready for another bite?"
"You sure?" Greg waggled his eyebrows at him.
“…You’re right. That is a bad word.”
"Lavender freckles?"
"N'nnn, Mmm'cobb," Sherlock mumbled and stretched...he was not pleased at being awoken again so soon after the first time.
Greg climbed up after Sherlock but when they both got to the top, instead of being allowed to follow his brother and his Jawn, Greg put his hand on Sherlock's lower back and steered the little detective towards his and Mycroft's bedroom. "No, this way."
Jawn, chin on his fist, blinked owlishly at Sherlock. “Is not g'een, so it’s not the best.”
"Good stuff." Greg carried him out of the nursery, leaving the door slightly ajar again, and headed back into the main bedroom where Mycroft was already in bed and waiting.
"He doesn'd y'ike i'd," Jawn informed Mycroft, sitting up.
Molly frowned slightly. "Bu'd I haf'--haaaavvve, to work," she said, sounding out the word slowly.
Greg took one look at those glistening eyes and trembly chin, and sighed. "...I'll be right back."
“Very clever, little boy.” Mycroft traded it for an adult-sized one, as well as an adult-sized fork, and set his place again before taking the figure Jawn was gnawing on from him. Ignoring the indignant squawk, he lifted the little doctor from the floor and nudged him over to the sink, too. “Let Sherlock help you wash up,” he said, giving his still-warm bum a friendly pat as a ‘reminder’, before going to fill their plates.
"I y'ike puzzles."
"Ki'gged."
"Thank God for painkillers." Mycroft's tone was hushed as he rolled up the soiled nappy and wipes and then added, a little louder; "Can you lift your bum for me, sweet boy?"
"These 'p'ish'?" He pulled the fish out of the pocket of his sleep pants.
Greg smiled and took Sherlock's hand, then gave it a squeeze. "Yeah; Jawn's a good hider but your brother's a good finder."
"No, you just have a coat that's a size too big for you."
Sherlock, for all his bitching and moaning about sleeplessness, was in fact one of the heaviest sleepers Mycroft had ever seen, and barely stirred while Jawn huffed him back down the hallway and into the nursery, where he struggled until he plopped him into his cot.
"Pity. Such a tasty little morsel."
Greg glanced down at the baby, who was watching him with a knowing look. "Uhhhh..."
“Na-na!” Sherlock confirmed, reaching up to move Mycroft’s hand out of his face.
Sherlock shrugged and put another handful of noodles in his mouth.
A faint smile crossed Mycroft’s lips; “That’s…a very loaded question,” he chuckled, and began to pat the back of Jawn’s nappy.
Greg made a face, but patted Sherlock's hip; "Let me up, muffin."
"Just to the top of the pot, Sherlock," Mycroft called. "And don't squish it down!"
"So, you fill up on junk." Mycroft held his arm around Sherlock's waist, patting his hip as he held his half of the sandwich to his lips.
"You start," Mycroft said dryly, switching his gaze to Greg. "Then I'll join in."
"No fank'oo."
"I heard...the delivery man said you were most welcome."
“Mmm,” Sherlock hummed. He was watching Jawn, already asleep again, while he cradled him in the crook of his arm. “It happens occassionally...usually when I’ve spent more than twelve hours straight in headspace.”
Greg shuffled in place, making a show of wiping down the table. He most certainly didn't wince when Mycroft turned back to him with all the posturing of the head of the English government.
Sherlock lifted his hips automatically. He had his nappy changed all the time. And there was never anything sexy about it. Well, almost never--except this time his thumb was in Jawn’s mouth and he was sucking on it like it was the only thing keeping him on Earth.
“I ‘unno?”
“Yeah, right, excellent detective work, muffin.”
“Sherlock…he said please. Give it back to him.”
"Wha's tha'd, My'coff?" jawn had spied the bag in Mycrofts' hand.
“Oh, for…!” Mycroft turned Jawn around and got the group moving again. “I’ll look at your bum all you want when it’s over my knee later, you little brat.”
"N'nnn", Sherlock rubbed his face on his brother's shoulder...before going stiff as a flair of pain caught him off guard.
"Thank god." Mycroft was already stumbling out the door.
"Smart Alec," Greg shook the baby's hand.
"Y'ah. Is col'."
"You don't know that for sure, sweetpea; that's why they're called 'accidents'." Greg patted the floor next to him. "Sit down."
The young detective, desperate for touch, reaches out for John, but the doctor simply smacks his hands away. Throwing his hands above his head in frustration and huffing a pout, Sherlock fails to notice John lean into him.
“My'coff, make him give me my dummy!"
Sherlock was still pouting. "We pu'd 'em ba'g?"
"Geraniums?"
Greg sighed and laid back down. "...Can't. Mind won't let me."
Sherlock squalled as Mycroft dumped two cups of water over his head in quick succession, rinsing out the conditioner.
Unfortunately, that had meant a shortened naptime for Jawn, as well. The little man had been a right crab all afternoon since.
"Yeah it does. Anyways, we gott'a save some for breakfast."
"Toby wo' ea'd id!"
"Anything for you, gorgeous!" Greg kissed Mycroft's cheek and shimmied out of his dress, leaving it in a puddle on the floor.
“Ba’g tee’f firs’.”
"I heard that," Mycroft said, swatting Sherlock's bottom with the flannel as he crawled away.
Greg accepted Mycroft's version of an apology with a short nod. "Maybe he went back inside?" he suggested, looking down at Sherlock and pressing a kiss to his temple.
“Come here Pet.” John said softly, putting his cup on the table and tipping his head. Sherlock whimpered at him. “I know Love. Come on.” Without further invitation he bounded over the coffee table, barely missing the full mug of tea, and was in John’s lap in two strides. He buried his face in Daddy’s shoulder and gripped two handfuls of his jumper. Daddy stroked him and murmured nonsense into his curls.
Sherlock took his finger and scooped a heaping pile of frosting into his mouth. "I'ss re'yee!' he said through a mouthful, clapping excitedly. "I'ss re'yee!"
"Then why do you sound as if you were expecting more." Mycroft took Greg's hands.
“Look and see for yourself, nosy.”
"Mmmm, no they didn't, did they. They didn't get noodles with us either."
" he whispered fiercely.
Jawn’s eyes widened, as if Mycroft had just bestowed the answer to life, love, and the universe unto him. “Ohhh….tha’ssa good reason,” he said, awed.
John drags him out of the half-finished tube station, past the inquisitive eyes of half of Scotland Yard with an iron grip on his bicep. Sherlock knows without looking, that even through the layers of his coat and suit, that he’ll wear a perfect impression of John’s fingertips on his arm by morning. He’s grimacing but is secretly pleased.
"Ten se'gon's. One. Two. F'ree," Sherlock counted off his fingers as Greg slipped into the bedroom and grabbed the bag of medicine off the side table.
The pain was so complete and so...so
Greg stirred the macaroni and cheese; "You're a real charmer. Your face is a bit pink as well, by the way. Two whingey Holmes brothers...I should just go spend the night at Baker Street."
“You’re a cheater,” Jawn growled.
Greg watched. "...And?"
Mycroft felt a twinge of guilt at the thought of leaving them here by themselves, at least while they were both Little.
Sherlock looks miserable, his eyes wet with tears, but he nods his head.
Mycroft came stumbling back into the room minutes later, a bottle in one hand and Jawn's medication in the other. "Trade."
"Oh," Sherlock said, fingers back in his mouth.
"...Myc," Greg said quietly.
*, then proceeded to set a wet little bum on fire with a short flurry of sharp smacks.
"We aren't his Daddy. It's not our attention he was after."
"G'eg'ry!"
"Wha'd G'eg ma'ge?"
Jawn pressed into the touch as he chewed on his own thumb. Why did he think this would be ok? Mycroft and Sherlock were brothers, so at least that made it a little less weird. Tears prickled his eyes as his nappy was stripped off and his bits felt the chill of the room. Damn...he really was a cry baby. Why was he always crying?!
“Sherlock…Sherlock…SHERLOCK.” The detective froze half way off of John’s lap and turned to stare wide eyed him. Daddy had never shouted at him before. “Have I ever done anything that would interfere with a case?” John’s voice softened as he watched Sherlock’s face crumple.  He rubbed a hand down the boy’s long spine. “Well? Have I?”
"You can't afford me." Mycroft took another bite of his pizza. Greg chuckled and rubbed Jawn's back, rousing the little doctor.
Greg poured a bit of each cereal into Sherlock's huge bowl. "Pick out a spoon, muffin."
While that was going on, he went to go check on Sherlock.
"That's a nice ending." Greg quietly stole into the nursery and came to crouch beside them, with a hand on the chair for balance. "...I'm sorry I reacted that way," he said, speaking lowly.
"We have to eat chicken fingers first."
"Pie'apple ona pee'za."
"That's a shame." Mycroft squeezed out a quarter-sized amount of shampoo into his palm, and began to massage it into Sherlock's hair. "You've always had lovely hair."
Sherlock jumped in shock, had Daddy  just growled? Sherlock glanced up through his fringe and Daddy was smiling at him like he was about to swallow him whole. But the look was gone in an instant as Daddy cleared his throat and adjusted the front of his jeans. "I can't wait to give you you're big boy treats Sherlock. It's going to be ever so much fun." Sherlock nodded at this, time with Daddy was always fun.
Greg had set baby Moana up on the nightstand, her pokey fingers far away from his tender parts. "Wait. You knew where he was."
Mycroft nipped the tip of that finger, causing Sherlock to squeal again and yank it back. “You’re yellow.”
"L'ello."
Mycroft sighed and massaged his temple with his fingers. "Sherlock..."
"The thing. The thing we do to other people. Don't do that to me."
Mycroft gave him a tight smile, and took it anyway. Well, he did ask him. And all things considering, he was better off handling plastic in any case. He tapped the spoon he was using to stir against the pot, knocking off any extra sauce, then set it aside. “Good boy, thank you,” he said, taking the cup and turning towards the sink to fill it. “Now, can you be a love and pick out bibs for yourself and Jawn?” Best to keep them busy until it was time to sit down and eat.
"Is col'. Dun' y'ike i'd."
Greg sighed, then leaned in close to whisper in his lovers' ear; "Look, if you wanna keep on until he's bawlin' and upset and too wound up to sleep, be my guest. You'll be stayin' in the nursery with him, then."
Sherlock dropped his head and stared at the floor.
"Dun' nee' sh'ange. I wan' co'ppee an' p'yay mo'."
Mycroft handed the baby the next egg and glanced at Greg, who was chewing on the sleeve of his shirt to keep from laughing out loud.
...Mostly. Mostly not serious. "Get some rest, love...tomorrow's going to be a challenging day."
“I won’t, as long as he doesn’t give me reason to.” Mycroft whapped Jawn’s bottom; “Close your eyes, please.”
Again, Sherlock didn't answer.
Jawn barely breathed, and Sherlock didn't dare move while he clutched Mycroft's phone to his chest to hide the light...neither of them wanted Mycroft to wake up and reignite the fire in the backsides before sending them back to bed.
“Tell me why Daddy is about to spank your bare bottom.”
"We're not ready for that part anyway. You're helping me pour, tiny chef."
"Yea, Sherlock?"
Mycroft pinched his lips together tightly in order not to laugh and disturb either of the little ones.  He plucked the blanket Sherlock had been nuzzling up from the floor where it had fallen, and went to follow behind Jawn closely, just in case of a tumble.
"Asked for Daddy a lot."
Mycroft gently set him down in his booster and latched the tray in place. "Do you want anything else to eat, hm?" he asked, fastening the bib around his baby brother's neck.
"...Yeah?"
"Nuuuuuuuuuuu," Sherlock groaned.
“My?” Sherlock stood beside Mycroft, tears rolling down his cheeks. “Gotsa’ be nice a’ my Jawn,” he said, nearly too quietly to be heard over the racket Jawn himself was making.
“Sher’yock?”
Sherlock shook his head. "My C'UB???"
"And the ointment?"
"Except the parts covered in peanut butter and drool."
"I pi'g i'd ou'd."
"Mycroft could suck the fun out of a circus, couldn't he."
"Yes! Now pour in the rest of the sugar."
Greg sighed; "You don't think so, muffin?" He didn't think so, either.
"Of course. It's been a trying day and the only way for it to end is with us in bed together."
"Is they rolls lef'? I wan' a roll too."
"No. Ha'b juice."
“Y-yes, yes, p-p’omise, oooooowwwww-uh-huh-huh!!! Ow, My’coff….My’coff, stoooop!!” the poor little detective sobbed, his feet pedaling in the air.
“Do like cheesecake?”
"You ate three bites."
"Now he's not going to eat it."
"G'eg sh'ange My'cob c'yothes?"
Sherlock shook his head; "
“I can’t see the pictures,” Jawn stage whispered, holding a hand over Sherlock’s ear.
"Sherlock, would you like your juice?"
Sherlock beamed, smiling so broadly that Greg was afraid he was going to hurt his face, and wiggled happily.
Jawn looked as if he wanted ever so much for that to be true, but he still needed to be convinced. “…Really?” he asked, chewing on the end of the pink crayon.
“He can find it ‘imself! He hides all the rest of ‘em so I can only have this one! And now he has this one too!” Jawn stomped his foot for emphasis.
A powerful grin spreads across John's face at the way Sherlock’s reacting. His non-spanking hand snakes around Sherlock's thin waist. "This," he grips Sherlock's hardness in his fist and gives it a squeeze. "Is mine. You are never to touch it without my permission again."
"Carefu'," Sherlock nodded as he half-dragged, half-carried Jawn out into the hallway and toward the stairs.
"Both of you are going to bed in the crib without any cupcakes, if you don't behave!" Mycroft stood and closed up Sherlock's leftovers.
Sherlock had his head tipped to the side, smiling softly. Mycroft glanced between them before stealthily pulling his phone from his pocket; this was too precious to not try and save.
Sherlock pulled the plug and sat watching as all the bubbles started to swirl and create a vortex over the drain. "Bye-bye bubb'as," he said with a little wave.
“Will there be enough left over for us?” Sherlock sneered.
Jawn had been right…they don’t play fair! "Fiiiiine,” he groaned. “P’ease give back!”
"G'eg? How I ma'ge music?"
"I know, and I am sorry."
"Oh. Oh! Yes, hello, good morning. I...how can I help you? Is Sherlock alright?"
Sherlock was vaguely aware of the arguing in the background going silent, and felt both pairs of eyes fall on him.
“It’ll help you be a sleepy boy,” Mycroft said as he flipped on the light; “which is the bit that’s important. Hop up and lie down please.”
"Awww, we can'd keep playing dresses?" Sherlock said, obviously disappointed.
“Can you leave’a door open, p’ease?”
Molly held up a boxy knee-length lilac dress covered in fringe. "I y'uuuuuub i'd."
"Bu'd was naugh'yee."
"You as well, dear heart."
Greg went into the nursery and settled himself in the rocking chair, with Jawn cradled in his lap.
"I wan' se'ben sh'ips," Sherlock garbled around a mouthful of poutine.
“Really?”
"It's exactly right. I've just never heard you say it is all."
"I'm excited to sleep and then play some more tomorrow," Greg crawled under the covers, eyes already closed.
“There’s a gol’fish in that movie!”
"Two!" Sherlock crowed, holding up two fingers.
Which made Sherlock forget that he was supposed to be complaining about getting a baby fork. "Is c'od?" he asked, dropping the fork and reaching for his applesauce instead.
"Mycroft likes to bake?"
Sherlock didn't bother replying. He sighed shakily and sank down in his brother's lap, and lay his head against his chest.
"Here, Jawn...juice."
"I want one too," Sherlock said without looking up.
"G'eg y'ike sma'ss a bes'?"
Mycroft removed Jawn’s trousers completely, leaving him in just his nappy and jumper for convenience (the fact that he looked incredibly adorable a fortunate, but unrelated, bonus), and now took his hands to help him sit up. “Careful, Sherlock…and yes, I meant it. Chips, fish, vinegar, and greasy newspaper; all of it. You only have to promise that you’ll finish most of it instead of poking at it.”
"Y'ah, y'ah, I p'omise!"
“No change!” Jawn huffed around the spout of his cup.
Sherlock winced; the reminder made his chest throb. Not that it had stopped throbbing since he'd woken up. "I...his wife died because of me."
"The squirrel was so startled, he nearly dropped his nut. 'Eh, me?' he asked, eyeing Billy and Sally.
"C'n we pu'd ba'dd'ries ina phone too? I y'ub tha'd toy."
"Yeah, you and your brother were the ones that wanted this mess." Greg moved the top box and opened the second.
"No, I don't want it."
"Yo'ds mo'."
"Y'ittle more," Sherlock repeated, concentrating on the little project in front of him as if it were just as important as one of his bigger experiments. He squeezed it again, causing two bright yellow drops to plop down into the water and swirl around.
"Blech. That was pretty horrific."
"Yes, big ones, much bigger than our boat, with millions of teeths!” Jawn added, oblivious to Sherlock’s distress.
"One time I had 'em. Af'er we pain'd pi'gtures."
"How about Molly picks one out for you?"
"Sure thing. Bring the bunny." Greg scooted out of bed and stretched. "You want anything?"
John bit his own lip, hard. Sometimes he forgot what a delicate little guy Sherlock could be. “Daddy didn’t mean that, Sherlock.”
"They will?"
"Mmm," Mycroft hummed, easing a dummy into the baby's mouth.
"I've spent the entire day making decisions that would impact the entire European Union. You pick something."
Mycroft turned the tap back on, but just at a trickle. "My hand is going to 'oops' all over your bum if you make another mess," he said, and brushed his hand at the water droplets that had splashed onto his waistcoat.
"...Holy Christ."
Having thoroughly coated the baby in nappy cream, Mycroft held his sticky hands out in front of him. "Shirt," he mumbled around a mouthful of biscuit as he climbed off the bed and back to the bathroom to wash his hands.
“Well, do share your insight with me.”
"Greg says yes. Quickly now and you can have your milk."
"No, he said no cupcakes...I was calling
“It eats cat food and fresh vegetables. It will also eat jarred baby food; which will give Sherlock the excuse he’s been looking for to try it himself.” Mycroft said with a soft grin, watching a blush run across Sherlock’s cheeks. “Anthea will leave a bag of kibble and a few jars of baby food when she brings up the rest of the supplies shortly.”
"Nothing, sweetheart." Greg turned and kissed Sherlock's cheek. "I was just being silly."
“Nu’uuh.”
"S'eeve."
“D-do it,” Sherlock nodded, trying hard to compose his face and failing.
"Course not. But I'm gunna put it here for you to try a bite."
Jawn stood in the doorway, huffing for breath as if he’d run miles. “I’m not a soggy baby!”
“No mooooooooooooore!” The little detective howled, and twisted out of Mycroft’s grip…well, Sherlock twisted, and Mycroft let him go because 1)he didn’t want him to hurt himself, and 2)because he was done with his hair, anyway. “I know, I know, I’m awful,” he tutted and, after taking pity on his little brother while watching him try to wipe the water out of his eyes with wet hands, took one of the fresh towels and offered him a corner to dry his face with. “And you’re overtired. Which is why we’re done.”
, settling more and more into the bed until he was a tiny doctor shaped puddle.
"Why am I not surprised."
"Blistering, peeling, lobster red is not just 'a little pink'."
"Y'ah! Pos'icles an' bugs an' f'owers an' co'dors!"
"Good lord, I would hope you wouldn't actually smack a child."
"Who?"
Sherlock sighed heavily; “It’s a blessing and a curse.” Which set them both off to giggling.
"There, Bumble makes it better, huh." Greg did one more sweep of the front of the flat, remembering to grab Sherlock's medication this time...Mycroft would've never let him hear the end of it if he'd forgotten that. Keeping one hand under the baby's bum, he dug out his phone and dialed a familiar number.
Sherlock sat on the side of the tub, giggling. "Nooooooooooo, he wouldn'!" he said, making grabby hands at the bottle of bubbles that Greg held.
"It'll be much faster if you just take them," Greg said, shaking out two of the admittedly large tablets into his hand. "Then your arm won't hurt, and you can have a piece of that big, chocolate chip biscuit over there."
He didn't (couldn't) look back. At least, not until he was out the front door, past the yard, past the gate, and back out on the street. Only then did he turn back, and for a brief instant, he thought he saw a shift in the curtains to the sitting room window.
"Sweet boy," Mycroft said, then urged him on. "I remember monsters," he added as they entered the kitchen. "Big, whingey ones with ear-splitting shrieks."
"No."
Sherlock turned his head a bit to watch Peep have an adventure under water.
"Hey, Greg!" Molly said, smiling at the more familiar face...but that smile faltered when she laid eyes on Sherlock. Greg could practically see the "Oh, God" flash in her eyes. "Look, Sherlock, look who's here!" He gestured for Molly to come closer; "Come sit next to us, Molls."
Gregory chuckled; "Yes, my sweethearts?"
"Soooo, everything they've got then."
"D'yah want some help with that, muffin?" Greg asked as he and Mycroft approached with their flowers.
"Yea, let's go play."
Sherlock shrugged. He and Mycroft had been outside for a long time.
"I saw'ree."
Jawn nearly jumped out of his own skin. “Tha's cold!” he whinged, trying to squirm away from Mycroft’s touch.
"Come along, Sherlock, your toys," She gently nudged him.
"Yes, such pretty flowers, they couldn't resist. So, they both sat down, and while Baxter snipped the flower stems with his teeth, Billy would gather them in his hand. And then guess what happened??"
"Yeah, we know what you meant, Molls."
He didn’t quite know how he felt about that. Part of him agreed that the little detective deserved it, and would have done the same…but the other part was reluctant for Mycroft to be doing it.
"And that's fine."
"I can'nah y'ick my han's?"
, and finally gave a small sigh before joining the boys at their cot. “I should gather my things and leave you both here in the dark,” he said, albeit half-heartedly, and slipped the clean dummy into Sherlock’s mouth. “With no story,” he added.
.' "What about earlier, remember? It's nice to think about the things you
Greg took one of the bright yellow, bee-covered boots and knelt down to shove it on Sherlock's foot.
"Y'ah."
“Shhhh, Jawn…don’t rile him up.” Though, looking down at Sherlock’s face, nothing short of a volcanic eruption could have disturbed him.
"B'yow gun?"
“What happened to the lettuce?”
"That might not be such a good idea," Greg said, and went on to explain when Sherlock's bottom lip poked out.  "Everytime we watch the panda movie, we end up practicing our karate-"
"Where?!" He snarled, jerking open a drawer roughly and nearly doubling over when the sudden movement pulled at his healing ribs.
"Yu'b G'eg," Sherlock said, clinging to him like a barnacle.
Sherlock pouted and let his head fall back while beside him, Jawn silently gloated.
"Right, nap time it is then." Greg closed his nappy with a firm pat to his bottom, then pulled his onesie down to snap it closed.
"Yes-huh." Greg took the sticky parts of the bandage and carefully lined them up over Sherlock's eyebrow.
“To pick out a story for bedtime.”
"He's always making noises like that; that's just what he does when he's tired."
"Not surprising." Mycroft kissed the baby's forehead.
"Du'g."
Jawn's face scrunched as he considered that. “I tried,” he said simply. “I can’t ignore Sherlock crying.”
"It's just so sparkly clear, you can see all the way to the bottom," Mycroft said, leaning in close.
"Not that kind of change." Mycroft brushed them away with his thumb. "He means putting my pajamas on."
"Ohhhh."
Sherlock flopped backwards in his booster; "Myyyyyy'g!"
"S'eepin'?"
Sherlock huffed loudly, his nostrils flaring to show his agitation with this whole situation. He had an inkling as to what John was about to write on that pad. He didn’t have to use his super sleuth skills to figure it out.
"Gregory Lestrade..."
"Y'ah." The lack of enthusiasm even for the bubbles was an indicator of Sherlock's mindset.
"No."
They sat and quietly regarded each other, unused to this much shared vulnerability.
"That's tough." Greg stood up and began to disrobe.
"N'nnnnn," Sherlock moaned, a dribble of juice rolling down his chin.
"Yep, I even splurged on extra cheese." Greg opened the top pizza box and picked a medium-sized slice for Jawn's plate, hoping to get him to do more than lick it or pick pepperoni off.
Greg scooted down and turned onto his side, facing Sherlock, and sat up on his elbow. "I'd been meaning to take time off," he said, idly rubbing the baby's tummy. "I just didn't imagine it would have taken something like this to get my arse in gear."
"But my mind…" he argued, this time more softly.
Sherlock merely huffed a put upon sigh in response. Mycroft rolled his eyes and settled on the step next to Sherlock. Despite himself, the little detective leaned into his big brother. They stayed that way for several moments, listening to Jawn struggle with his lace ups in the nursery.
“Mmmm. I suppose we’ve lost all the dummies we found this afternoon?”
Sherlock clasped his hands in front of his chest and beamed at them.
"'Of course we can swim. It wouldn't be a trip to the pond otherwise.' Billy and Baxter walked through the forest, stepping over stones and mushrooms and the occasional peep toad, all the while staying very close together."
"I bet he'll like that." Greg started to pat his back, hoping to get Sherlock to sleep so he could turn off this creepy excuse for a children's movie.
“Boys.”
Another smack drives him even deeper into the friction of the toy.
"Wha' I f'rowed?" Jawn's brow creased.
Mycroft leaned out the window; “You’re sure he’s not in the shed?”
“To keep them safe; but really it’s to show you that Daddy loves you and is going to take care of you.”
Jawn rushed back into the kitchen, a plastic triceratops clutched to his narrow chest. “His horn is broken!” The horn on the toy’s snout was bent at a strange angle.
"Gonna get g'een!"
"Yes, finally."
“If you like this one, then we can certainly read the rest of the series.”
“A fun day had by all, hmm?” she asked with a knowing angle to her smile as she rang them up and started scooping ice cream and toppings into their cups.
He dumped his jumper and box of markers on the floor next to the couch. "Dunno...chips?"
"I didn't mean to upset you."
Both boys were bent over the edge of the tub, chasing after pieces of floating detritus with their little nets and giggling to themselves, with a few minor disagreements about who was going to catch what piece, and even Mycroft had to admit…it was strangely cute.
Greg sighed. "I'm not going anywhere, sweetheart. I was teasing." He cut the heat down under the pasta and opened the oven. "Dinner's ready."
"N'ah, Greg is done with his walk...this dress is cutting off my circulation."
"Ow!" Despite his cries, Sherlock still attempts to rut his cock where it is captured. John smirks at his petulant captive and only spanks harder as a reward, but only for a few moments. The force behind his spanking changes, becoming a combination of slaps, squeezes, and rubs. Sherlock's cries blend to moans as he wiggles over John's lap.
"Wasn't eavesdropping," Greg pouted. "I was listening to the story."
"All right, all right,
"B'ue my fa'b'rite."
"Right. Ok."
"Go home," Greg tried to keep his voice even as he gently petted the baby.
Sherlock plopped his bum in his seat and pulled his bib on over his head.
"That's over the course of years, Gavin. Where is my phone?"
"Perfect." Greg went over to the pantry and found the individual cups of applesauce, then took one and placed it in the freezer.
.” He looked back at Jawn. “Because that’s ALL he does when he’s little!”
“My co'der?” Sherlock nudged the crayon tub closer to his older brother, but keeping his green crayon cradled to his chest.
“That’s not being helpful. Remember how we just talked about being nicer to each other, hm? Besides, there’s nothing wrong with a good cry…you have a powerful set of lungs yourself, you know.”
Greg shrugged and held up two different boxes of ice lollies, then opened the box of tropical fruit flavored ones for Sherlock.
"Gone? Nah. Just a little lost in the blankets. We'll find em."
"There's no....there it is! Moll's had to pick the most complicated dress in the box for my sassy muffin."
“Well, it’s not really a secret, is it.”
With a small sigh, Molly began taking off all of her bracelets and necklaces and rings. "...Is Sher'yock okay?" she asked Mycroft, who carefully sat Sherlock on the floor close to the trunk, so he could help 'clean'ub'.
“Yes. She was very impressive," Mycroft said, glancing into the sitting room to check on the little detective. Sherlock was where Mycroft had left him, laying on the floor playing with his feet. “How often is Sherlock this tiny?”
“Can I try some? You can try mines.” Jawn hastily plucked a gummy worm off of a spoonful of green ice cream before offering it to Mycroft.
"Yeah, but...wait, what?"
Sherlock turned the white base of the toy over, examining it with the spyglass; "Ba'dd'ries?"
"Tables all clean, I'm going to run and shower. Behave for our Mycroft, my muffin," Greg smooched Sherlock's cheek.
Jawn mumbled something that sound like "Sh'lock," which Mycroft took to mean 'Sherlock'...fingers being in their mouths made it harder, he admitted. "Will you lie with him and keep him company?"
“Bo’ddle says f’ree for kids o'ber twelve. Bu’d Sher’yock is y’ike, one years ol’e righ’ now.”
John tugs Sherlock behind him, flipping off the television and the lamps in the living room. He can feel the little detective trying to work out what’s happening and has to keep himself from laughing out loud. He’s always been impressed by the detectives keen mind, but he isn’t to proud to admit that he enjoys keeping him stumped when he’s little.
"Pick'd f'owers, an', um, an'...y'ook for bugs!"
Mycroft smirked triumphantly, and turned back to the changing table. Enough of this mess for one night.
"Diff'ren dress??!" Molly was up and digging in the chest again.
"It's been remastered, you swine." Mycroft clicked the movie. "And I know for a fact that you're not going to pay attention to it, so it
"We'll be making sure he's taking his medicine. He'll be fine."
'Baxter?' Billy made his way slowly over, just in case whatever was in the bush wasn't Baxter, and wasn't friendly.
"Fank'oo. Y'ets go!"
"They ha'b wings, G'eg."
“Jawn was being good! Why don’t you want us to have fun?”
“If you run off, half-cocked, and almost get yourself killed, again, there will be consequences.  I know the work. I’ve been there. But endangering yourself because you’re impatient, or not willing to listen, or whatever, is no longer acceptable.”
Sherlock shook his head and stared up at the tip of the light, and flinched when it suddenly clicked on and shined right in his eye. He blinked and turned his head away.
"Here baby. Try this cheesy sandwich." Greg held a small bite to Sherlock's mouth.
"Yes, but-
"You better believe it!" Mycroft blew a kiss at him and sauntered back up the hallway, hands on his hips.
"Neither one of you are being fun right now; I want you both to know that."
John jumps at the sound of his little boy's voice, not realizing that he’s been standing there for a few minutes. He drops his paper and fixes him with a rock hard glare.
"Y'ah."
Sherlock stood on the landing, watching mournfully as John disappeared down the stairs. The tears that he'd barely been containing began to roll unbidden down his cheeks as he heard the front door click shut. He could feel himself moving forward, ready to bolt after Daddy when a gentle singsong voice called to him from the sitting room.
"Sherlock is going to come spend a few days with us."
Jawn looked towards the garden, and after a moment's consideration crawled towards it, letting his sunglasses drop to ground while paying no mind.
"Of course," Mycroft winked at him, watching his cheeks turn a fetching shade that matched his ears. The offer would likely suffice--Gregory in particular was running on a bare minimum of sleep. He'd likely fall asleep before the baby. "Let me know what you decide."
“I can have toast, My’coff?” Sherlock pushed the rigatoni around his plate in large circles.
Sherlock had sprawled sideways and was stretched the length of the sofa. Jawn was laying on top of him, drooling on his neck.
"Y'ah," Sherlock plopped down on the floor and began to pick grass off his thighs.
Sherlock blew a raspberry at him and turned back to his duck, still being held at the bottom of the tub. He let go, excitedly waiting for it to pop up and fly straight out of the tub…
Mycroft broke off a piece of his own fish and held it to Sherlock’s lips. The little detective obediently ate the piece from Mycroft’s fingers and then held his mouth open for more.
Sherlock squeaked, bit his lip, and blushed. Thankfully John had self discipline or he would have taken Sherlock Holmes right there on the couch.
"Thank you for letting me rest for a bit longer." Mycroft turned Sherlock back towards the table with a pat to his bum. "Will there be tea?"
"I know, sweetheart." Greg filled the cup and put a hand over Sherlock's eyes. "Did you feel better today?"
"I don't think it's physically possible for me to be an animal like you."
"Since you don't want to read stories," Greg said as hecleaned Sherlock with a wipe; "What do you want to do instead?"
Sherlock nodded; “Big sink!” he giggled, clapping his bubble-covered hands together and sending suds in several directions.
"O'yives!" Sherlock piped up.
“Here we go, Pet. Hop in.” John said, letting go of Sherlock’s hand to hold open the pull-up he’d retrieved from the closet. Sherlock stepped into the pull-up and grit his teeth as it was tugged up over his very sore bottom.
"Yes, Gregory...what."
"They will. No one's going to be disappointed."
“Me as well,” Mycroft added through the window.
Mycroft nodded towards the head of their bed…where the traitorous little baby monitor sat. “Little boys shouldn’t be using such language, Sherlock. Up on the bed…you’re going first.”
"To get the first-aid kit. We're bandaging that up before he pops those stitches."
"Everyone will feel better when they have a full tummy." Mycroft didn’t bother placating Sherlock. The poor baby felt guilty and sad. Words weren't going to do much.
Jawn watched Sherlock closely, waiting for his response. He would follow his lead.
"Could you be a lifesaver and go make us a bottle?"
Sherlock tugged on his brother’s sleeve. “My'coff! This one is g'een! Hulk fish! Look, My'coff!” Sherlock wiggled in place, immensely pleased by the scribbled green fish on his paper.
"Science?"
"Same as today. Feed him up and keep him busy."
"Seems it's yours for the evening."
“ ‘Want’ means instant gratification. ‘Need’ means delayed satisfaction.”
"Noo's!"
“You said I can have a treasure and I want that one! You can’t take it back a’cause Sher’yock cried! Thas na’ fair!” It was Jawn’s turn to stomp his foot, arms crossed over his narrow chest.
"Maybe you did get three...there's a whole one smashed on your face."
"...Give him his things, Gregory."
"Yea!"
"You need a bath first, little man."
"Y'ah," Sherlock replied, concentrating on taking each step one at a time. "P'yayed y'ots."
“My turn, my turn! My'coff, off p'ease!” Jawn tipped his soapy head out reach. “I dun’ wanna c’ean a’ kitchen!”
"Should we get you some medicine anyway?"
"Da'yee says, 'Sher'yock! I tan your hide'!" Sherlock made a mock-stern voice and shook a threatening finger.
"Yes well, you've been a bit of an insufferable brat all day and earned yourself an early bedtime, so here we are." Sherlock shots John a wounded look and John softens.
“I’m guessing Mrs. Hudson isn’t home.” Sherlock mumbled into Daddy’s shoulder
"You want Greg to make himself dizzy?"
“Do you lose all your motor skills when you’re this tiny? Is this a common occurrence?” Mycroft sighed wearily, even as he stuck a bite of pasta from Sherlock’s plate and popped it into his little brother’s waiting mouth.
He read the first message: -
He was still here, he realized as he looked up to see Gavin, who still had his arm flung over Sherlock.
“No. Sherlock is too little for a big boy cup today. You’ll have your bottle. Now, go get them please.”
"Horses? Hol' em how?"
Mycroft bit his tongue to keep a retort about hobbits at bay. Now that Jawn had warmed back up to him, it wouldn’t do to stir the pot. “So he is. But he’s very young right now.”
"Get your cup for me," she instructed. Sherlock rifled through the grocery sack, dropping action figures and spare nappies onto the floor before holding up his sippy triumphantly.
"At least he'll sleep better with a full belly."
“No trouble,” Mycroft ran a reassuring hand down Sherlock’s back. “But there will be if Sherlock doesn’t ask for help next time.”
"We're gunna watch a movie later, and you won't get to pick," Greg huffed, taking a tub of grey play-doh out of the bin in spite of being 'tired'.
“Yea'. Please keep reading.”
"I c'nnah tou'sh o'ben."
"Well, it's not gonna
"What about shorts?"
Mycroft smiled as he read the bottle for himself; "...If he's even
"I y'ike G'eg."
"Or an apartment building. Then lots of faeries can live there."
"Y'ah," Sherlock mumbled back. The combination of exhaustion, medication, and emotional drainage had taken it's toll on him.
"Well, now you won't because your nappy is on proper." Greg quickly snapped his onesie back in place and helped him sit up. "If we're going to start our faerie garden in the yard, we should probably get you into some trousers."
"Wa'der
So quiet, that Mycroft thought he had finally drifted off, and he stilled his hand. But no sooner than he tried to ease his way off the cot; “…My’coff?”
Mycroft nodded, suddenly distracted by the silence in the rest of the room. That was not a good sign. Mycroft nudged the little doctor off his lap, causing him to whinge. “We must find Sherlock so that he can select the next book.”
Greg rage-sniffed and nodded. "Yeah, I know."
Sherlock groans but holds his position. "Come on then," John delivers a sharp smack to his arse. "Get on with it. Give it to Daddy proper."
"I'm no'd a bay'bee, Gavin!"
Mycroft suddenly spoke up, startling him. "Here, why don't you hand him to me, and you can stretch out?"
“‘Zactly, Jawn.”
Mycroft was in the midst of rubbing the sleep from his face, and gave Jawn a look through his fingers.
"You wouldn't have been allowed in either way. Snooping in my pants drawer is likely to traumatize us both." Mycroft drained his cup and got up to refill the kettle.
"I know more than four people in this city."
"He was very eager to follow you shopping."
"Yeah?"
"That's what I'd like to determine. Sherlock checked himself out of hospital well before he was ready to leave-"
"That depends on the severity of the disobedience, yeah?" John replied as he tapped the pencil on the pad as he thought. "I'm sure that you don't want a smack every time you do something naughty."
"C'n I ha'b my f'ower, p'ease?"
"In a children's movie? Honestly? Name one."
"Well, it is far too early to be up just because 'you don't know'."
"I know. I'm sorry," Greg patted Sherlock's hip and tried not to groan when Sherlock rubbed his filthy face on Greg's t-shirt. "S'pose I deserved that."
"And Sherlock needs to finish his before it gets cold and icky, yes he does," Greg said, giving Sherlock another bite.
The little detective now wept openly as Mycroft sat on the edge of the bed and pulled him over his thighs.
Sherlock risked a glance up, ready for one of his brother’s gloriously disparaging, cutting departures…and was instead met with a warm kiss on his forehead. “You’re dear boys…both of you.”
"So you want the monkey slippers?" Greg asked, making quick work of the snaps up the front of Sherlock's pajamas.
"Yeah, but it can look blue."
Greg took Sherlock's hand and helped the baby step into the tub and sink his bum into the water.
Jawn grinned and leaned over him; “Hi, ‘Lock!”
"I suppose, since you asked so nicely." John leaned forward, carefully placing his card on the table before digging in the paper bag he'd brought from the shop. "Close your eyes Pet, hands out. No peeking."
