He might have had an excuse as a boy still reeling from the deaths of his parents and the loss of all his familiars… but Tony wasn’t a child any longer. Now he was the tutor of seven young minds who would fall prey to a degenerative system aimed to silence those minds, so brimming with questions and blooming ideologies.
“Stefen?” Tony prompted gently, drawing close to lay a hand on his arm. Tony felt the muscles beneath his sleeve tense, only for Stefen to twist his arm until his hand could grasp Tony’s wrist. Tony’s heart slammed in his chest as Stefen’s eyes met his. The captain’s grip was unforgivingly firm, but it was Bucky he turned and spoke to.
If Bucky had not walked in when he had, Steve had no doubt he would have kissed Tony. A mistake brought on no doubt by the intimacy they’d shared and easily avoided in the future when he wasn’t so caught off guard.
The prayers were as familiar as his own skin but they provided little comfort as he turned the iron key within the lock and pushed the creaking door open. Even if he was wrong and God existed, Tony knew for a fact he was not the sort of fellow God would deem worthy enough to answer. But he was powerless now and so at the mercy of chance as the young officer stepped into the attic, his eyes sweeping critically over the clutter of trunks and old furnishings. Hammer made a sound of disappointment, like air punching out of a tire as he took in the empty room, his eyes darting about franticly before they landed on Tony once more with hot accusation behind them. The man’s thin lips pressed tight.
They went to the opera that night and sat in the box with Thor and Siv. Maria was instantly smitten with the prince (no surprise there) but unexpectedly (for Steve at least) he ended up as smitten with her as she was with him. He let her sit between him and Siv and answered all her many whispered questions about Norway (Where is it? Is it very green? Do they speak French there?) with attention and good humor.
“I don’t need a hero. I have myself.”
Damn it, dinner, of course. He’d told the monk he wouldn't need to watch them at diner and yet he seemed to have forgotten all about it. How long must the children have been waiting?
Ian blinked at him from his upside down position on his bed, the comic book he held balanced precariously on his knees almost whacking him in the face as he attempted to sit up, his eyes widening at the sight of his tutor.
When Stefen woke again he was greeted with a head full of fog. He should have slept in his bed. His joints clicked and clenched from his injuries and his position on the couch.
She peered at him, trying to reconcile the dirty clothes he wore with the prison uniforms. She’d seen them working in the fields before the snows. They came by train, in striped uniforms, with tiny bracelets around their wrists. She’d seen one up close once. The identification number had been long and roughly carved into the metal.
Not gestapo then. Probably a vagrant, if he was mucking around in their paddock. Of course, of course it wasn't the gestapo. Franz would never... alright he had quite a mouth on him when you got him talking about politics, which was all the time, but he was just talk. Just all talk. Anyone with half a brain could see he wasn't dangerous. Franz would never put the family at risk by doing anything too outlandish.
She squeezed his arm in a friendly fashion, leaving him with a wink to turn her attention to a well-dressed couple who had come to say their farewells and congratulate her on a wonderful evening. Tony stood frozen where she left him, her words reverberating through his head like a gun shot.
Genius Stark and prodigy.
Christ. What was he complaining about really? Forced to simple sit with his daughter in his lap and already his skin was crawling. If Stark would just let him row he would have something to do, a purpose to fulfil.
“I hoped for that too at first. I prayed every night for
“Fuck off. And don’t call me Jaime.” Bucky reminded him for what felt like the hundredth time. Kirk just grinned at him like a professional shit eater; baby blues twinkling in the amber light as he tapped blunt fingers against the table impatiently. Since the fucker had called him Jaime Bucky was content to make him wait as he got out a cigarette and lit up.
"I know. They don't want them around anymore so they made them find a home somewhere else. It's ter-"
Tony’s voice was pitched so low Steve doubted anyone besides himself could hear it, but it seemed to hit him hard just the same. There was blood pounding in Steve’s ears, so perhaps it was a good thing that Bucky called his name, urging him to hurry when he did. Steve swallowed, and with difficulty laid a hand upon Tony’s shoulder, squeezing gently as he backed up a step and allowed the cool night air to rush between them.
Steve forced his mouth into a smile. He had never been any good at socializing but she was right. He should be trying harder. Offering her his arm he did his best to carry on a conversation that wouldn’t be classified as stilted.
Of course Steve had not wanted to keep them locked up in his attic. But damn it all he was doing his best! But it seemed that every time he turned around there was Antony Stark, demanding better.
“I’m a Stark. If I can build a fully weaponized ship I can build a puppet Hammer.” Turning back to the children Tony said, “But I don’t think I can teach you if you’ll all be too sad.”
“Whatever you say Captain, but no woman likes to see her fish caught on somebody esles hook.”
, and flipped it open to a random page, though really, there were no random pages in any of his books. Every time he opened one it was like restarting a conversation with an old friend.
“But what about –“ Tony tried to question only for her to scoff loudly and glare poignantly at the plate. Tony tore a section of bread and dipped it in the jam, shoveling it into his mouth. He made a show of chewing to appease her and she relaxed the fists on her hips.
“We can be very persuasive Herr Stark,” Neuman threatened with an ice in his tone and Tony fought back a shiver, not needing to be told all the ways they might use to persuade him to build for them.
Release crashed through him in a wave of brilliance and Tony was glad for the hand Stefen pressed against his mouth, silencing the cry he didn’t have the mind or the capability to hold back. Stefen thrust against him a few more times and then his release was spilling hot over their skin, mixing with the mess Tony had already made and the sound of his harsh breathing punching out of his chest was beautiful in the quiet of the room.
The Monarchy had promised social reform, a new and better world for all of them, special privileges and full Austrian citizenship to soldiers and their families. Bucky had wanted to feed his father and sisters. Steve had wanted to be less of a burden to his mother, but more prevalent was the memory of his father reminding him of the proud history of Austria and the men who had fought to make it so. He had wanted to do his part in ushering in that brave new world the Habsburg’s had promised. He’d believed in it.
“Get out of here, go on.” Tony barked stepping threateningly toward him and Clinton danced away, his familiar chuckle rumbling with an unfamiliar deepness as he disappeared into the dark.
Bucky blinked. The war had riddled Steve’s mind so full of holes that he’d nearly murdered Stark, and he
He let his hand fall and nodded wordlessly. She headed for the door only pausing a moment to look back when she’d reached it and pulled it open.
Artur was a dead weight but Tony held him tight, picking up where Stefen had left off and shushing him quiet with shaking breaths, even though his own chest was constricted so tight he didn't know where he got the strength to breathe. He did it for Artur, he was convinced it was the sole reason.
a difference.”
“Ah hell,” Second Lieutenant Frank Becker cursed inwardly. They were four miles into their hike and the good Major had sped up the pace. Again. At this rate they were making double time look like a leisurely stroll.
The children were still rather subdued from their ill adventure on the water the day before, but as the hour dragged on past noon inevitably, they became twitchy.  James had begun to whine about being hungry and only quieted when Natacha whispered a smug, ‘I told you so’ out of the corner of her mouth at him. After that, he backtracked, insisting that he was only asking about when they could eat because Ian’s stomach was growling so loudly, and went stubbornly silent, glaring pointed daggers at his sister as if every second of silence just proved how wrong she was.
Tony sighed and ruffled his hair, chuckling as Ian batted him away with a horrified squeal of protest. It had taken him so long to get it just right!
Steve had never faired well with women, always finding himself awkward and at a loss in conversation. The comradery of other men came naturally, easily, so he preferred it.
“Stefen, you never told me you were a musician.” Charlotte murmured, an unspoken question in her eyes but Stefen did not act as if he’d heard her, his gaze still glued to his eldest son holding out the mandolin.
Tony tilted his head until he could meet Stefen’s eyes, just to let him know he wasn’t fooled by that in the least.
Bakhuizen nodded decisively and said with all manner of military briskness, “James and Tacha can bunk with me and Sara’s small enough, she can take her pick.”
Tony jerked as a heavy bucket full of freshly washed potatoes, still glistening in their skins, was set down right in front of his nose with a decisive thud.
"Henry Osborne Sir, Norman Osborne’s boy," the secretary answered, and Lt. Steven's gut clenched.
“No. Magda come see. Please. I think he might be a prisoner, from one of the other farms.”
"Milthede!" She continued to call until she heard the woman's footsteps hurrying toward them.
“I won’t let you hurt him again.” Tony warned, eyes cold and fists clenched. Bucky imagined how easy it would be to snap his fool neck.
Zigeuner- gypsy
“You alright Stevie?” Bucky asked, eyes fixed on him with concern. Steve nodded slowly even though he doubted it would fool his friend. He didn’t need to explain to Bucky about seeing nightmares, even when he was awake.
Four went down in quick succession. The fifth shot Dvorak twice, but not before one side of Schmidt’s face lit up like a red firecracker and the general crumpled to the ground. Bucky could see that he was still moving, even though one side of his skull was a red fleshy mangled mess. Dying and no longer a threat, so Bucky forgot him and shot the last remaining soldier before he could finish turning in his direction.
“We’re not going to be shot. Most of the Czech rebellion has been subdued.” He insisted, trying to remember to keep his voice low when he wanted nothing better to do than pull her hair the way he used to when they’d fought when they were younger. “But they’re not going to get far without travel papers regardless and they’ll never make it on foot. You know they won’t!”
Eyes widening at the realization Péter nodded, snatching the abandoned wool vest from the floor to begin layering up for the outdoors. Silently Natacha went and fetched Tony’s pistol and one of the old rifles for Péter. That was one of the one good things about holing up in a hunting lodge. Plenty of ammunition stocked about.
.” Tony exclaimed and when he only received blank looks in response he back tracked with a roll of his eyes. “It’s a collection of gothic poems translated into German. The nightmare of every schoolboy I assure you. How do you even know him?”
“Well here’s what you get for getting more and more like him every day. Didn’t I tell you to stop that?”
~*~*~
"Tell him if you have to, but between you and me I wouldn't put all my eggs in that basket. I don't know how much longer the old dog is going to be master here."
Schmidt’s grin grew wider. All his teeth showing.
"Don't look at me like that." he heard himself say and Steve pulled his eyes away from the necklace to look at him once more. Tony shuddered at the sensation of falling - the gravity in those eyes, pulling him in.
“But it’s the season, after all, for remembering, and that’s not what I meant anyhow Cap.”
"Term is about to start. He's missed his entrance exams he-”
“I’ll have to.” Steve barked back but rather than cow her the woman just dug her heels in, as stubborn as her goat.
There was movement at the dark end of the hall and Hammer jumped, letting out an undignified yelp as Bakhuizen slid out from the shadows like a ghoul.
“Why don't you listen! I told you not to touch my books!” he screamed and James shrank back, frightened. The silence that followed made him sick. Tony was staring at him like he had never seen him before.
Tony stared up at him, eyes still shining in the lamp light with unshed tears but he was listening. Truly hearing for once what Steve had so much trouble expressing, and most importantly, what Steve was willing to compromise if it meant his happiness.
“It’s not the cosmos, but they were impressed by the paper we wrote on ultraviolet waves and their geographical effect on reproduction – ” She paused, her mouth tightening once more and she sighed. “He can’t tell me much about it of course but he expects he’ll be of some help to the project.”
“His excellency doesn’t give a ripe shit about the Germans in the borderlands. It’s the Czech army, their cannon factories and iron mines. That’s what’s he’s got his eye on, you twat!” Kroger spat.
“Do you know any languages?”
Hammer looked surprised to see Tony sitting down with the captain and his mouth turned down in disapproval. The ridiculous man had his nose so high in the air he was in danger of catching flies as he reached them and pointedly ignored Tony’s existence, extending the tray he carried on one arm with a single envelope in the center toward Bakhuizen.
“I know that. Some of the best scientists have been girls, Tony, my teacher, taught me about Marie Curie, and without her we wouldn’t have the theory of radioactivity. But that’s just my point. She was polish right? And a woman, so she wasn’t supposed to be able to do half of what she did. And it’s just stupid, don’t you think?” he asked, desperate to figure out how to say it all, and have someone understand the things he had been wrestling with. He couldn’t risk talking with one of the adults. Even Tony. Because Péter had examined the data over and over and the only conclusion that kept coming up was that everybody was wrong. Dead wrong.
The man had guts, Bucky’d give him that.
Tony realized immediately the magnitude of what was happening, if not the full meaning behind what was being said. This was about the resistance effort. More specifically the rescue attempt that was under way for Wanda and Pietro’s father and Susann’s husband. Stefen had promised not to leave him in the dark, but still Tony had not expected this level of transparency. His heart was thudding hard within his chest with a dizzy thrill of anticipation that was at complete odds with the sense of dread hanging over the room.
The woman came once a day with bread and water. She changed his blanket and tidied the pen each day before she left, faithfully scraping up Patroche’s shit and even Steve’s waste.
Tony's smile got a little bit brighter.
Awake.
Tony turned away, started up towards the camp site. His limbs were tired from lifting little ones up and out of the water, from the hike and general wear and tear of keeping up with seven highly intelligent not to mention headstrong children.
He knew why Stefen would feel the need to seek him out. The math was simple. By now Tony had witnessed enough to do the man serious harm if he wanted, never mind his suspicions about his activities. Stefen had injured him in an episode that any doctor would have classified as mentally imbalanced and he’d just outright called the actions of the HJ and the Reich senseless and cruel.
All he could remember was the words. Peace deal. No backup. They’re calling it off. You’re on your own and if you attack now, it’s on your head.
"There, right there." Tony jabbed a finger violently at Steve, his face twisted up in anger. "Is it so much to ask, that you operate like you intend to survive!"
Stefen grunted something, his voice still mostly unusable, but managed to nod.  The mixture of fear and resolve in his eyes betrayed his carefully blank expression. Bucky, still holding his shoulders down, cocked a crooked halfhearted smile.
“I don’t know…” Péter hedged, unconvinced.
“Can Tony sleep with us, vati?”
"No, fuck you, Buck." Steve hissed in reply. "I said I'll handle it and I will."
"Your father isn't a rat Pete. The margin for error here is so wide, it could be considered cruel to even try. Bruce thought it was." Tony replied, holding the young man's gaze to make sure that he understood. He had to know that what they were about to do wasn't even close to proven or safe. But it was the only chance Stefen had. As if he'd heard the thought aloud Péter nodded.
The hardiest of the guests were still at it and probably had a few hours in them yet, but even on them Bucky could see the wilting in the form of hazy eyes, over boisterous laughter, and loose hair breaking free of gels and hairpins.
Wouldn’t it? Steve thought bitterly. Péter was gone. He didn’t even know where his son was right now, what right did he have to think about having
"We have it so the preselector reduces regenerative signal radiation to the antenna, in addition to increasing sensitivity and selectivity," Tony was explaining with nervous hope as he turned the black dials, static crackling in the headset he'd given Steve to wear.
“I went to see Carl.”
He'd die first.
Vreni’s brow wrinkled in confusion.
"No you didn't."
Beside Stefen Bucky and Charlotte watched on, the later with an expression of dubious curiosity and the former looking as if he was holding his breath.
“Call the Gestapo. Tell them you’re a good German. Maybe they’ll believe you and our parents are that. But will they believe Ona? Myself?” Magda implored. “We harbored him. He lives because I kept him alive. They’ll know Franz. What are you going to tell them? Ona and I didn't notice a fugitive hiding in our goat pen for three weeks?!”
He hummed as if he were thinking it over when in reality he was dragging up the southern French his mother had drilled into him (he was in for a lot of studying himself it seemed). Natacha waited, her frame humming with suppressed eagerness.
"What's wrong?" He asked with a frown and Ian turned his head toward him, his mouth setting in a grim line.
The words tasted keenly of goodbye, and Stefen didn’t miss it.
Stay alive. That’s all you have to do. Stay alive.
They glanced nervously between each other, as if they didn't quite trust that they weren't being tricked before James was brave enough to ask, "Are you in trouble with the law?” He tried to cover his anxiousness with a deep scowl, reminiscent of Bucky's best. Steve's eyes caught Bucky's and he had to fight back the urge to smile.
“Constantly?” Tony asked succinctly.
“I win that bet I think.” Tony quipped. “What do I win?” She gave him a look that seemed to answer ‘a kick in the groin’.
There was no one there. The room was empty with no sign of life. Boxed up and sterile as if it were just waiting for its master to return, and not at all as if it had been home to his family for months.
"I know you don't feel about her the same way you did about Margrit, but she's a good woman. You need a wife Steve."
Music was always going to be a big part of this story. TFIOT and I have spent a considerable amount of time researching and immersing ourselves in the music of the era, in order to experience the sounds and know the influences that would have meant so much to these characters. Each piece of music that appears in the story has been chosen with care and with purpose, none so much as Con te partirò.
Beside him Bucky inhaled sharply. Steve didn’t look at him, though he could feel the anger in his stare. He’d not shared this news before but only because it was as recent as this morning’s round of meetings. He’d had no intention of keeping it secret because there was little point. They’d known it would happen. It was only a matter of when.
Vonkov’s face bled of all humor, his glare turning cold as Tony went on.
“Listen, I'm going to get you more codeine. Do not move. Understand? When you wake up I'll reapply the powder to your bruises but until then...”
Swallowing back any lingering fear Péter nodded, jutting his chin out proudly.
Tony closed his eyes and tried to block out the voice in his head, that kept taunting him that he’d never hear Stefen say those words, and it was a good thing because he’d never have forgiven Tony for letting harm come to his children. Tony came to a halt when Ian’s tracks suddenly turned, leading away from the road, poorly viable though it was, and off into the woods.  Gut clenching, he followed the tracks until the ground beneath his feet began to slope, the mountainside beginning a sharp decline. He could see from the marks in the snow where the sled had gone downhill and disappeared out of sight.
“You know you could try swimming yourself. It was a lesson after all.” Stefen said, but there was no heat behind the words.
But when Stefen walked in the door, already in dress uniform from his meetings earlier in the day, he had a nervous look about him.
Hedwig brought back Kirk’s beer and the plate of hot Schnitzel and Bucky happily took the liberty of staring down her blouse, since it was on offer (and one never refused a lady and all).
"Lieutenant, I have four missing men along with a person of interest." Captain Arnold groused low enough that his voice wouldn't carry to the other men and Deiter tensed, shock trickling through him.
They needed to speak about that, among other things. Tony had not expected Stefen to simply cut the woman off. It was better in fact, that they both occasionally be seen with women, but they should speak about it nonetheless. They should both know what they were expecting from the other.
Steve shed his suit jacket, letting it drop to the floor in a puddle of cloth and resisted the urge to rub a hand over his face.
“That's what I ought to have done. Threaten death.” He heard Bucky mutter, watching Stark with Sara.
Te aves yertime mander tai te yertil tut o Del. (Romany) May God forgive you as I do.
The sun was already beginning to dip below the horizon when the set off to return to the house. Tony was not very talkative, and so Steve began to think again about the conversation that morning in the garden and realizing that until this morning, he had not known the day of Tony’s birth. He hadn’t paid much attention to his own after Peggy died, and there had been no room to think of celebrating while on the run for their lives. Tony’s birthday had passed in April the same way Steve’s had in July, unremarked and unfussed over while they focused on the children and survival instead. Except, Bucky
“Captain!” Hammer cried in shock, blood draining from his face. Charlotte’s hands flew to her mouth but she said nothing. Tony hardly dared to breath or to move, his heart drumming loudly in his ears.
Sara weaved for about half a yard before she stumbled and fell again, but this time Steve was right behind to swoop her up. She squawked indigently for a moment, protesting until Steve had lifted her above his head and placed her on his shoulders. When she realized that this position allowed her to see all around, she held on tight and let loose a joyful giggle.
One of Stark’s eyebrow curved over his highly unamused expression. Next to him Maria ducked her head, her face going red. All of the children were silent.
Without true light of my own?
Access to everything. Everything. Tony didn’t pretend to misunderstand him as his eyes raked over Stefen's form.
For a moment they all stood frozen staring at one another. A sound in the hall behind him got Steve moving. He shut the bedroom door behind himself with a slam and then marched past the other two occupants of the room and did the same with the windows, latching the shutters.
Péter took in a shaky breath, tripping over his words in a rush.
"He's been taking an arsenical tonic." He replied, choosing in the moment to keep Natacha's involvement out of it. Harold's eyebrows shot up, his brow furrowed in confusion that might have been comical at any other moment.
“You missed the early part Tony, but the Führer has agreed he will claim no more territory in Europe.”
Ian didn’t have to be looking at Tony to know he’d tensed in his seat. It was something he could just feel in the air. When he did look he was not surprised by the stillness of his expression or the unspoken anger he seemed to be holding back behind clenched teeth. Tony didn’t believe him either.
They’d done something, Stefen realized. His children were doing their best impressions of rocks, all while turning various shades of pink.
Although as it turned out, it was looking less like that was going to be the case because the captain pinned him with the hardest look Tony had ever been given. It made him very much doubt that Rogers was finding any satisfaction with Tony’s presence. A suspicion confirmed when next he said, “I told the Father Abbot I was in need of the most educated monk he was in possession of, nothing le-”
But as they passed the bed of the man who had been brought in Bruce went stiff and stopped walking.
“I know.”
He knew that haunted look in the eye that said a body had seen the worst that the world had to offer.
“Father?”
Stefen’s words (and it was so hard now not to think of him as Stefen) while not exactly riot inciting, were certainly despairing of the country’s direction, which nowadays was as good as treason.  If the letter had gotten into the hands of anyone else within the Reich… if Tony even had been more of a nationalist, Rogers might very well have found himself arrested. Perhaps he expected that his fame would protect him some, but nonetheless he had written dangerous words and it was baffling to Tony that he’d entrusted them to Tony of all people (Rogers didn’t even like him!). Was it learning that he was a Stark? Had Hughard been that much of a hero to him?
"Captain I – oof."
Their language had been coded but rife with tension as they argued in heated whispers about the risks of some unnamed venture. Even though he’d not been able to discern exactly what they were up to it had been the way they stood that had made Ludy certain they were a bad sort, up to no good.
Dvorak was down, a pool of blood spreading out around him like angels' wings against white clouds of snow. Bucky released the breath he’d been holding long and slow and looked away from the grim sight and unslung his pack from his back to begin reloading his rifle.
“Hello?”
Steve had never liked bullies much and as the dinner rolled on it became very clear that Anton Vonkov was that and much more besides.
It was because he was running from the stones, looking back over his shoulder in fear that Barton was going to pop out of some corner again with a fresh arsenal of stones, that he didn’t see the man coming down the corridor until he’d all but run him over.
But that sound - Stefen was choking - that sound was him choking, and much like the way he came in Tony was darting forward at the realization without any command from his body.
It was only now, seeing him broken that Bucky began to understand, because he’d seen Steve broken the same way after Margrit died. He’d see it again if they lost the children. Everything that he was now, was built on his family and for them there was no loss too big. No sacrifice too great.
Tony touched one of the frames, gently running his finger over the finish. How many battles had the captain fought? Had he been honored for all of them? He must have. He wasn’t that old and yet there were so many of them. There were ten that he could count, gold and silver pelted stars all just as pristine as the butler Rogers employed to run his house.
Tony opened his mouth to reply but paused when Natacha suddenly appeared out of the brush, moving far quieter than either of her siblings. Tony had to keep a closer eye on the youngest children when he ventured out with them, so Natacha was circling them at a distance looking out for danger. She had her hunting rifle tightly held between her hands in a white knuckled grip and there was a look in her eye that gave Tony nothing but alarm.
She wondered if it was as cold in Poland as it was sitting beneath the window beside the stove, the one with the crumbling mortar that leaked hot air from the kitchen.  It was easy somehow to imagine Péter alone somewhere, shivering and missing home. It wasn't ideal, and it wasn't the other thing, which meant it suited her just fine.
They continued to walk, side by side, only this time the quiet of the morning felt comforting. Wonderful, really, if Tony were being honest.
A sob tore out of Steve’s throat. He gripped her shoulders in a white knuckled grip and hauled her into his arms. He couldn’t tell if it was him shaking so hard or her shaking against him. Her arms wrapped around him and held tight.
My god what did it take to shut the man up! Was it attention the monk wanted? This game was all on purpose, that was clear but what end the man had in mind Steve couldn't begin to fathom. Hadn't he given the man a job? It was not an easy thing to come by nowadays.
“Get yourself a pair of shoes that fit and cut that hair.” Steve smiled wryly as the boy scowled placing a protective hand ontop his head of dark blond hair. He still snatched the bill from Steve’s hand readily enough, stuffing it quickly into his pocket and running off, likely so that Steve wouldn’t have time to change his mind about giving him such a large sum.
Laughter tempted his gaze toward the fireplace.
Tony shot him a calculating look before tipping the bottle to his lips, effectively dismissing him. Steve tightened his jaw. It wasn’t going to be that easy. Hatred or no hatred, Steve would keep Tony safe.
Six coo-coos he counted, until it was blessedly quiet once more. The bird either flying off or having attracted whatever female it was calling to.
“That explosion… holy shit. Was that you?” Bucky asked sounding dubious and hopeful all at once.
“Perhaps you should finish learning to read in German, first? The housekeeper suggested with a poignant look Tony’s way.
“Stefen’s a rich man. Looters will be out and they know the police will be busy.” Bucky had replied unapologetically, passing Péter a case full of bullets. His hands had trembled slightly as he took them. “You remember how to load that chavo?”
Tony had that look he got, when his mind was already miles ahead and he was just waiting for everyone else to catch up.
Bucky should really have known better than to relax. It felt like his toes were beginning to thaw and sleep began to pull at his eyelids once more, reminding him that after a long journey with fitful nights and uncomfortable sleeping positions, that all he wanted was to sink into his bed and not come out of it until spring.
"Cap, you're back!" Tony exclaimed, surprise quickly giving way to excitement. Wait, why was his voice so muffled? Oh - when Stefen arched his eyebrows, and stared pointedly at the machine Tony was feeding planks through, still throwing off giant sparks, Tony grinned sheepishly and held up one gloved hand in a signal for him to wait. He finished carving the edge of the plank and quickly reached to switch the machine off.  The silence in the workshop without the cutter going was so deep it hurt his throbbing ears.
Out of the corner of his eye Artur shifted, his head turning slightly as wide blue eyes stared at him. Even he understood what General Striker meant.
“Oh yes, Mrs. Hudson sends her regards.” She replied back, and Tony thought she might have let the wisp of an English accent slip through on purpose. “Are we sorted now?”
The woman raised her hand. Stefen eyed her thin arms and sallow skin with concern and gave Tony a look.
“Well then.” Tony announced brightly looking to the children who were waiting with baited breath. “It looks then as if our moment has come.”
Stefen stared at him for a long moment, eyes searching Tony’s face carefully before he nodded shortly.
Tony didn't know if Stefen could live with he did. Tony didn’t know if he could live with himself, falling in love with someone who could do that. Raising his children in comfort. Eating at his table. Sleeping in his bed.
Péter stared at the snow falling outside the window of the music room thinking hard. He wasn't really paying attention to the lesson Tony was giving Maria, and he'd long since tuned out the sound of Artur and James playing with the set of toy cars that James had gotten for Christmas on the rug.
That was exactly what Bucky was afraid of. Someone in the Reich had to remember that Hughard had a kid and that he was easily fond right? Someone must have approached him about the Führers plans and you didn’t need to spend more than a few minutes with Tony to know that he’d inherited his father’s genius. And wasn’t it just a little too damn coincidental that someone like Tony had ended up in Steve’s lap (almost literally so, irritatingly enough)?
He opened the file and began to read. Still, he thought, some trash still slipped through the cracks.
He shouldn’t leave them unprotected. The thought came, and Steve tore his eyes away from them and forced himself to rise. He had to find Tony. He wouldn’t be gone long because Tony was just in his room and Steve would bring him back and they would all be where they needed to be.
"James? Damn it Bahkizen!  Are you-" Tony grunted as he wrenched open the driver's door and Bucky nearly fell out on top of him.
He and Clint had been received at the front gates of the camp with minimal fanfare by a man who had introduced himself as the warden, along with Lieutenant Wolfe. The two soldiers flanking them had remained unintroduced.
“You don't think I can't find a crusty…?
“Yes, Father. I’ll watch over them,” Péter was assuring Rogers even as his brother Ian stepped forward with a march in his step, his shoulders braced and hands clasped tightly behind his back as if he were addressing a commanding officer.
“Mind the little ones. Help Frau Hogan. Is that what you’re going to say?”
From the bag slung over his shoulder Ned produced a thin black book which Péter took with surprise. His eyes widened even further when he flipped the book open, and realized that it was an album, half full of photos of the islands that Péter recognized from Ned’s collection.
-The cabin-
“What? You being a dumb fucker and me chewing you out?” Bucky laughed at him.
~*~*~*~*
Bucky pushed him away before the man could finish talking.
"Let me help you."
Still, she liked him.
Transcribed by W. Holmes
Tony turned at the edge of the stairs and waited, one brow arched in question and Steve had the flicker of thought that though he still looked distant, there was a hint of anger beneath the coolness of his expression.
Even at war in the mountains, when no one knew who would wake in the morning, they could still cheer one another with the old songs. And after the war - when silence had almost broken Bucky and the Uncles had spit on the ground they both walked on - music had saved him, given him some purpose that wasn’t sending bullets into other men’s bodies and made him feel at home.
“Then as we’re about to graduate, he goes and gets himself engaged to the Von Trap girl, and all of a sudden the rumor circulating is that he’s a polish born Austrian.” Dvořák sucked in his breath, flicking his tongue against his teeth. “It helps to remember that, when you're hoofing across a mountain with him. He was born for hard labor, likes it, that’s just the way his kind are, he can't help it."
She didn’t stir as Tony approached the bed but Bucky did, his eyes which had been firmly closed in one moment suddenly open and pinning Tony in place like the sight on a rifle, and Tony was certain somehow that Bucky was ready to kill for Stefen and was only deciding whether Tony was a threat or not.
So that was it then. The last hope for Germany rested on the Abwehr, and the church was full of spies. Now he’d seen everything. And to think they’d been watching Steve all this time. God damn but he'd known Stark was a snake!
Stark chuckled at the phrasing and Steve shifted, restless under his gaze.
Ian’s eyes skirted over the room until they stopped suddenly, stuck on a familiar shape hanging by his dresser. He sat up, careful not to wake Artur.
“I don’t know alright! Damn it, I don’t know!”
Werner appeared occupied by Hammer who grandly welcomed her. When he informed her of the captain’s regrets that he could not be there himself, her lips turned down in a disapproving frown and Tony swore Hammer broke out into a sweat.
Twelve years and she'd barely changed from the thin young woman whom Peggy had dragged into the cafe telling Steve in no uncertain terms that she would have a housekeeper and that was final. She couldn't keep up with her duties in the state, the house and a new baby. They had the money and they were damn well going to use it, she’d expressed vigorously as she had poured coffee for everyone. Steve had given in when Frau Hogan, then Fraulein Potts, had returned home with them and cradled a colicky Péter, miraculously (to Steve’s mind) calming him.
"Frauline Werner is a very esteemed guest, Willamina, and the Captain is sure to invite her for dinner! Frauline Werner and Frau Rogers were quite close you know." Hammer was insisting.
Ian clenched his jaw but didn’t refute Tony. At least not with words, because Tony was an expert by now with that particular Rogers family expression.
"Uncle James picked us up. We’ve been looking for you Tony. James insists he doesn't know how to pack his own clothes and is annoying Ian again."
That’s what Rogers had looked like too, back when they’d first met, like someone’s misplaced child brother. Barley twenty, if that, and already a Staff Sergeant fresh from the mountain groups shock men. Standing next to his peers who would all out rank him in about ten weeks, Rogers had not understood the way of things.
! A man he’d known a handful of months whom Coulson had all but admitted was a spy planted in his home.
Why? Because there was passion between them? Tony would be a fool to stake his life on a stolen moment and a heated stare. A man could feel any number of desires. That did not make him safe or trustworthy, or the sort of person to stake one’s entire life on. Tony had this fantasy, that Stefen, just as fearful of the Nazi regime as he, would pull Tony into his office one day and announce his plans to flee the country. The family would seek asylum in Switzerland and let Germany eat itself alive, and Tony would go with them because were else would Tony go but with his family?
"Jann!" Bakhuizen greeted their guest as he and the captain hurried to meet them.
“You know what I keep thinking?” He didn’t look up from his task, but it was clear he was speaking to Steve.
careless.
Instead he tried what the grown-ups did when they wanted desperately to make something go away.
“How strong is the German force captain? Do you feel you could provide an accurate assessment?”
“What road are they taking?” he demanded, forcing the man back on shaky legs away from the view of the window. There was no time for niceties. If Dvorak had warned his comrades they wouldn’t be alone long. But Dvorak, heedless of the gun pressing against the side of his skull tipped back his head and laughed.
Or maybe whoever was looking for him had found him.  It went unspoken between them, but no less loud for it. Steve clenched his teeth together until he thought that they would crack.
“How are your wounds?” Stefen asked gruffly, apropos of nothing and Tony shifted, turning to appraise him just as carefully as he found himself being appraised.
"Christ!" Tony cursed, heart pounding and palm stinging as he struggled to wrench the tool away from his attacker. The boy was strong for his slight build and quick thinking too. In a flash of movement he'd let go of his weapon to send Tony sprawling back on his ass. In seconds he had wedged himself between his sister and Tony, kicking the older man sharply in the gut with the heel of his foot to drive him further away.
“And Hammer -” The butler stopped at the door, head tilted slightly to indicate he was listing. Frau Hogan injected a chilling amount of sweetness into her tone as she finished. “No need to return. The baroness and I will see to our guest’s needs, thank you.”
“The Captain. I don’t judge. I hardly could – ask anyone – I never was good at holding the commandments, especially that one about drunkenness. Though you mustn’t fret about that either, I wouldn’t attempt to drink and manage children at the same time. I simply mean that I understand how such a loss could drive a man to drink.”
“Hey, took you long enough to let me have a look at all beautiful weapons of yours.”
“Tony’s mansion in Malibu got blown up by some terrorists called Mandarin,” Fury’s stern voice was piercing the coldness into his heart. “He's nowhere to be found.”
It was uneasy and awkward because Steve trapped Tony between the containment and his sweating body in the military uniform. There was not much space left between them. When Steve began to wrap his hand around his cock. The heat was overwhelming, and his hand was so damp, but Tony’s response with a soft moan made Steve care less about how uncomfortable and rough hand job he was giving to Tony. He gripped the man one of his shoulder to hold him, while his hand was busy stroking his cock, firm and full of lust and desire.
Except this time Tony wasn’t about to kiss him. He was just holding his hand, brushing his thumb with the back of his hand, as if soothing him.
“We’d better get going. Anyone could be down here anytime soon.” He walked off from Steve and led him to the elevator. His footsteps echoed the same beating of Steve’s heartbeats.
Tony moved back to Malibu. He sent me the locations he’s been working on. Are you alright?
Steve could pretend he was too focused on the pain and started to slip into the drowsiness again, so that he could say he didn’t hear her emotionless tone, and didn’t see her unreadable, yet omnipotent expression.
Then Steve lost it. He pushed Tony against one of the container’s wall and kissed him.
“Ugh, never mind. I won’t do what he tells me to do again. This is beyond hilarious. It’s absurd.” Sam continued rambling and acted as though Steve wasn’t in the room.
It was a comfort in the bearable awkward silence that Steve wouldn’t even mind at all.
Then, all his thoughts about Tony kissing him was gone, replaced by the smell of blood, the metal arm, the pain, the hurt look of his best friend, and the last thought was his body being so heavy as it was drowning into the bottom of the sea.
It was the act of selfishness, but Steve didn’t spare any thoughts to stop himself from what he was doing with Tony. The man was struggling, trying to break free from Steve as he was smacking his lips, abrupt and brutal with Captain’s strength. It’s been a fucking long time since Steve was be able to contain his super serum’s strength for someone because he hadn’t had sex with anyone else except the man in front of him. The long lost, but familiar sense of holding back for someone dear to him even made Steve miss Tony more.
Now Steve could imagine what Bucky felt like, caged in Cryostasis chamber, and unfrozen in order to kill. His body wasn’t his own anymore and he hated it, and started to hate himself because of it. The conditions reminded Steve of the time before the serum. When he had spent all of his life trying to prove what he could do but his existence served nothing, but the sense of helplessness.
“Wow, Captain America just acted out so rudely for the first time, lady and gents.”
“Sorry,” the man interrupted, “I’m just got lost, and misunderstanding something, It’s—never mind. Jesus, sorry, Cap.” He got off from the chair and hurried to the elevator. “G’night.”
It shouldn’t have been so hard seeing Tony smirking before the elevator closed behind him. Steve’s fingers were itching to touch, to grab Tony by shoulder and hold him back against the wall.
Steve was startled, “what?”
Steve frowned, “what do you mean?”
Steve had managed to give out his last energy to point out at Tony on the sofa. “Him. Please, help him,” he said before the drug dragged him into the same old darkness, and in a second he was blacked out.
I’m okay. Please keep an eye on him.
Tony was staring at him with intense. His brown eyes, gleaming in the dim light of the early morning, were fixed at him, even without blinking. With the solid and gratifying expression only could move the mountain, and Steve didn’t even dare to breathe. He recalled it back then, it was the same eyes when they were up close. When Tony had chosen to close the gap between them, as his lips were moving and pressing Steve’s.
“You come so early,” Steve tried to break the ice, he tried.
The rooms were packed with people, Steve were were familiar with many of them whose missions are Avengers related. Everyone gathered in the spacious living room, drinking, and catching up with one another. Rhodey and Pepper were the only people who weren’t Avengers or SHIELD agents that had been invited. Steve was introduced to them by Fury, and for the first time, he knew from Pepper that she and Tony had broken up the few weeks ago, but still remained good friends and business partners. The break up had happened before the incident just a couple days ago, and Steve weren’t sure how to feel about it.
Steve woke up with the streak of tears strained on his face and the hospital’s pillow. Suddenly he felt all the horrible pain running through his bones, the spine seemed paralyzed; because he couldn’t move his body. He couldn’t get out of the bed and all he could do was crying, shouting some incomprehensible words and Bucky’s name. He felt like was drowning into the bed, sinking like he was on that plane again.
Tony went back to his whiskey. His face was crumpled, and his wrinkles were deeper. There were dark circles under his eyes, and all his manners screamed tiresome, worse than that, they were loomed with desperation.
“Please, Tony.” He begged, whatever were the reasons put aside. They were far away from the future, where their loss and hopelessness lied upon. People died in the present, but their second chance, ironically, was here in the past. It was somewhere only Steve and Tony acknowledged what’s going to happen and try to fix it. “Please,” Steve said, “this was my only chance.”
He didn’t catch that the smile was fading right after Steve walked out of the room.
He couldn’t move, but at least the pain stopped. In fact, his body turned from pain to numbness. The drug, Steve’s mind found the answer clumsily. And suddenly his consciousness was switched off, and all he could see was the total darkness.
Steve felt like he was crying, and once he did want that, he couldn’t stop the tears from falling.
And Steve decided that he couldn’t do something like this to Tony anymore.
As he was crying, Tony was talking to him in a low voice, consoling him. Mostly he was speaking to him, “it’s okay, Steve.” He said it over and over.
“No, I didn’t mean you. I mean him.” Even using his hands, Steve couldn’t quite understand what Sam was trying to say.
They parted ways in the elevator. Before he left, Steve informed Tony about the mission in D.C., said that he was about to stay there for a few days. Tony had the new suit ready for him to taste the next day. They were talking about its new functions (“a stealth suit that SHIELD hadn’t thought of,” Tony claimed), as they nodded and smiled at each other. Steve could feel like everything was almost as the same as it had been.
Weeks later, Thor came back from Asgard after the Ether incident which cost Loki’s life. The sacrifice of God of Mischief seemed to redeem his crimes in the earth, for now. Everyone tried not to remind Thor about his brother’s death. Clint had proposed the idea of the party (again) to cheer him up and wanted to lift up team spirits, and no one had a strong objection to his idea, even Fury, Maria and some SHIELD agents were invited.
“Well, in case you didn’t notice, I’m quite a busy man. Do you think I have only the Avengers business to take care of? I have more armor upgrades, AI and inventions for SI, I don’t have time to talk my heart out to you. My fault, I know.” Tony pointed at himself, and shrugged, “I should’ve let you know it was no big deal.”
He couldn’t make Tony look into his eyes as he came. His arms wrapped around Steve and his eyes were shut. Steve continued stroking him, saying Tony’s names over and over, desperately wanted Tony to hear it and remembered him. God, he was so pathetic.
Tony shrugged, “he isn’t in the states. I’m sure I would’ve found something if he’d still stayed in within range. He got de-brainwashed because he practically saved your life from drowning, so he must try to reset his brain system, adjusting his ‘new’ self and tracks down the Hydra locations he still remembered.”
“Um, I’m right here.”
He could tell that worried Natasha as well, but she hid her emotions better than he did. “He said he wanted to stepped down from the press and volunteered to deal with the UN funding, and even Fury agreed on that.”
He felt Tony’s breath was caught. Then the man let out a small strangled sound, and continued talking.
"Okay." Potts replied.
One- this family was almost embarrassingly domestic. Two- the Tony Stark on the screen was an entirely different person. He had to be. There was no way Tony could be the one laughing so happily. There's no way it’s him who’s patiently guiding Peter as he built his first AI. And it’s absolutely not him, who spends most of his time plastered against Steve’s side as they look at each other with more love than Tony has known his entire life.
It starts out like this.
I am terribly sorry for any and all errors. Sorry for the delay in updating as well, life can be sucky. But we are nearing the end!
Stevens gave him a small smile, "I thought you might say so."
He jetted off towards Stark tower and when he got there he was startled to see the Avengers’ name on the building.
Steve wondered if Fury had become a mind reader now. And then hoped to God that was not the case. Tony just remained as he was, still and deceptively calm. The scent of metal, alcohol and pungent sickness. Steve’s head spun, a scent he could easily become addicted to. When he blinked again his nose was buried in the nape of Tony’s neck. Soft, dark hair flattened by his nose.
"What happened to your beard?" Steve asks him, he sounds strangled.
“This is new.” Steve comments, mildly.
Steve could feel Tony smile against his back as he cuddled him closer. “I could never hate the idea.” He rested his forehead against Steve’s shoulder. “I would love that, Steve.”
A flash of surprise crosses Steve's features. "That would be perfect, Mr Stark."
Steve took a little more into his mouth, and then wrapped his hand around the rest of Tony’s cock, pumping it in time with his sucking. Tony was trembling underneath him. It felt really good to do this. If giving up control to Tony made Steve feel safe then taking that control from him made Steve feel powerful. Being able to give Tony pleasure and have him lay there and take it made Steve want to take it one step further. He pulled his mouth off of Tony’s cock, making sure to suck the whole way off and looked at Tony, who met his gaze with parted lips and wide eyes.
“No, Steve! Come back! I was just joking. Well, not entirely. I would like to have dinner with you. Maybe get to know my neighbor a little better?” Stark pleaded, twisting a leaf between his fingers.
They were decontaminated and then isolated on arrival. Steve laid on the cot in the room he was guided to. It was bare and clinical, by regulation. He hadn’t been able to talk to Tony since they had left Savage land and he wondered how he was doing as they were both likely to be receiving the same treatment. Steve couldn’t entirely comprehend why they had to be separated. Stark, for all his flamboyant fallacies, would have been steadying company. Steve draped his forearm over his eyes. If they had caught something, wouldn’t it have been the same thing? Whatever ‘thing’ entailed.
It was their compatibility. That’s what made this a little different. He rubbed a palm over his face. Tony didn’t know he was here. It had been three days since Tony’s rut had begun. Steve unclenched his fist and looked at the tiny bottle of pills in his hands. He didn’t have to inject himself with suppressants anymore, instead they came in the form of little white pills now.
Steve’s cheeks turn pink, “Sorry, ah,” he shakes his head to clear his thoughts, “it’s just, it’s been a while since I did that.” (Or ever) He explains. Tony’s expression clears and he looks a little guilty now. “Oh damn, I didn’t make you uncomfortable, did I?” He asks, and his hand has gone to his hip under his jacket, posture betraying his spark of anxiety.
Anthony peered at him.
“Jarvis, call Rhodey.”
Steve nodded. “I do.” Tony was a little crazy, and things were always exploding in that workshop of his. But he was earnest, and he tried his best to make Steve feel as comfortable as possible.
Steve is showering two heads away from the one Tony had occupied earlier. The water darkens his blond hair, cascading down his back in tempting rivulets that travel the dips of his muscles. His skin gleams under the water, slick and wet. And that is enough to stop Tony in his tracks, it is. But what really twists his tongue in his mouth, is the way Steve has his head thrown back, hands on his chest, firmly massaging his pecs.
"Will you tell me about it someday?" Stevens asked.
Ant looked between Steve and Tony, his brow scrunching up adorably. And then he grinned widely at them, “Ant helps!” He declared, and then chomped down on the fork Steve had offered him.
"Just the probability of it." Tony corrects.
He looked at the bottle one last time, and then reached out and set it down on the coffee table in front of him. Tony Stark was everything one expected from an Alpha. He was charismatic, strong, extremely competent and was old-fashioned when it came to Omegas. He liked to woo them. Steve had watched him fall in love repeatedly, and had judged him for being so easily strung along by his instincts.
Tony didn’t respond. He didn’t know what to say. He needed to find a way back home. He didn’t know where he’d been stranded, or if this was a spell he needed to break out of. He decided to go home for now. He descended into the tower but did not disengage from the armor.
His words hit the kid with a rawness even Tony felt. The kid recoiled away from him and then seemed to instinctively come closer, like Tony had hurt him but Tony was also his protector.
Tony might sense something was wrong with him and tried to pull off Steve’s hug. “Cap, are you okay?”
Natasha responded with a short reply, and Steve knew that there were many unspoken words and questions underneath, but he hasn’t had a heart to tell her yet.
“This is sick,” Sam burst out on the fifth day since Steve had the nightmare. “I’m so tired of this.”
Besides, And Steve acknowledged that kind of revelation by first hand. He was familiar with the look of a soldier, whose shoulders carried weight and burden when he saw one. The world Tony had been always familiar with, the world he owned with all money, knowledge and power was changed forever.
“Good luck with your project, doctor.”
“Well, I am a war hero,” Steve said, his cockiness earned a smirk and a light punch from her. Then he sighed, taking a water bottle from the fridge and took a huge gulp. “But sometimes they are too much. They don’t regard any privacy and charge me with questions that don’t have anything to do with the Avengers or the fight. They even asked me once I still wear the underwear in the old-fashioned style back in 1942.”
He didn’t mention anything about the marks around his shoulders, and his limps, and his legs, which still left hinged after the event in New York. Steve knew about the healing wounds and fractured bones because he’d witnessed Tony in paramedics and had seen how terrible they were.
At the moment, Steve exactly realized that the kiss wasn’t unintentional as the man said at all. The kiss was for him. Once the desire was resurfaced, Steve recognized it instantly, Tony wouldn’t be able to deny it no matter what.
It took less than fifteen minutes, and his mind went back to Tony again.
“It’ll get sticky, my hands were already soaking.” Tony said, trembling a little. Steve could feel his body was vibrating with nervousness.
“What I think is, I saw one war and I’m not keen on seeing another.” Willamina shot back, rising from her seat on a tired sigh and ambling towards the coffee on the counter near the stove.
“A prostitute?” Benjamino asked, eyebrows raised. He didn’t resemble Tony as closely as Grig did, favoring Antonia more than his father; but there was something about the expression and the awkward shifting of his weight from one foot to the other that reminded him distinctly of Stark.
Nik had given him a talking to, reminding him of the dwindling window of time he had to escape the country and his limited options to do so. Tony had kept up the front of refusal just on principal but they both knew he wasn’t about to waltz back into the world and betray himself on an issue of pride. He had an eidetic memory which would have made learning the drivel by heart easy enough never mind a genius level IQ. Whether Tony wanted it there or not the Nazi doctrine was up there to stay. He couldn’t help but feel very bitter about that. The weeks it took to get things settled with Captain Roger’s household and make sure Tony would pass any government inspection were primarily filled with hours in his workshop because as far as Tony was concerned the only way to drive out the utter
But it wasn’t right leaving Natacha alone to take care of the others. She’d told him it was a good thing he was going, but she was just being brave about it. He could tell she didn’t really want him to.
Ian was given the last command and he lifted his arm straight out, fingers uncurling to present the General with his father’s new insignia.
“You need to break them up.” Steve stared at the man hard, one eye on the increasingly agitated crowd with fear tightening in his gut. “Before they become a mob.”
“Why did you sleep here?” the question was directed to just over Bucky's shoulder and before he could answer Steve was already pulling away and reaching for his tie, fashioning the knot around his neck with brutal precision. “I'm surprised the smell of breakfast didn't wake you.” he added, offering a rueful little smile at Bucky.
"But Captain, surely you don't mean we should house them!" Hammer cried in shock.
Bucky’s tirade came to a sudden halt, as if he’d abruptly run out of steam, and he took several deep breaths, visibly fighting for calm before cursing under his breath. When he looked back at Steve his gaze was plaintive.
“I must have ate something - ” He could feel Harold’s skepticism. Steve barely ate these days. Maybe that was the problem? He should eat more, anything. If he could just get to the kitchen. Get a proper meal in -
Natacha nodded and stepped toward him, rubbing at her blouse where droplets of the espresso she was holding in one hand had splashed her.
“That’s not true.” Tony replied a little softer, but no less firm. “I’m sorry you can’t see that. Sit out here. Cry. Tell yourself none of it is fair. But if you come back through this door you will apologize to your brother and behave as if you have some sense!”
Péter turned another page and stopped at the drawing of the tower.
This time fate was on his side. He ground to a halt near the top of a ridge when he spotted what he thought was the top of the truck that had carried Stefen below, stooping down to avoid being seen before he was ready. He crept along the ridge and took stock of the scene below. It looked like they had crashed into a tree at the bottom of the ridge. It quickly became clear to Bucky that the reason why was that Dvorak had been in that truck. He must have taken the men by surprise. It was the only explanation because even from this distance Bucky could see that Stefens’s hands were bound behind his back.
Broadcast date September 23
Before, Tony had lit a candle in the window for each of the children's birthdays whether they were absent or not, and sometimes Steve would catch him leaving bed at night and follow him down to the living room to guard his back while Tony exchanged the stubs for fresh sticks and stared out the window into the dark. It was more punishing somehow, bearing witness to his lover’s grief than feeling his own, but Steve had earned whatever pain he was in. His pain didn’t matter. That was why he had danced with Tony at Christmas. That was why he was here now, forcing himself to ignore the way his skin crawled and his nerves fired with pain in order to resemble something human as he sat with his children.
“Look at you ready to defend her honor. We’ll make a soldier out of you yet Péter. I still can’t believe your father finally let you out of the house.”
Natural born.Tony snorted, the knot that had formed in his stomach loosening slightly. Nonna clearly had not seen Péter Rogers shoot a rifle.
Stefen’s voice had begun to shake. It was slight, hardly noticeable, but in that moment, he couldn’t have twitched without Tony’s notice.
Steve cracked the seal on the envelope and withdrew the letter.
The way that Vonkov froze, as if he’d seen a ghost, and his lips curled in the hint of a snarl startled Steve, and clearly Göring as well.
Stark inconceivably did not heed the danger in Steve’s tone, brown eyes bright and laughing lightly as he replied “well the children- no, well the storm frightens the children.”
Caring too much about it was stupid. Getting attached was stupid when everything would just get taken away from you. If Tony wanted to go then let him. He’d probably end up blown up when they went to war like everyone said, because that’s what happened to dumb soldiers, but James was going to go live with a Count and Countess and sleep in a mansion. And when he grew up, James was going to be like his uncle Bucky; he was going to go wherever and do whatever he wanted, and he was never going to get attached to anyone or anything.
Now was as good a time to start as any.
“It’s not the drink, major.” He flinched at the return of Khalmmer’s voice. “It’s the Ice. The Schnapps is just there for a treat.”
~*~~<>~~*~
“Well he’ll have plenty of opportunity to redeem himself this time,” Tony chuckled. “The Captain’s guest, Baroness Schrader, will be issuing the invitations soon. You’re all invited of course.”
He was on his way to the closets where the maids kept their cleaning supplies when a movement at the corner of his eye caught his attention. He couldn’t say what it was, just a shadow likely, or why a prickle of apprehension went up his spine but Tony got the distinct feeling that something was wrong.
“Can I try? Teach me!” Artur asked, climbing over James to plop himself in Tony’s lap.
“They really want me?!”
“Just a few drops in his coffee in the mornings. Just to make him throw up.” Natacha answered, voice gone low and hollow, but it was steady. No confusion. Positive of the details. That was all he needed.
Tony couldn’t recall a single peaceful night he’d spent in his room at the Hamburg house.
Glancing at Artur Tony caught the boys eye and nodded towards the door, a silent instruction for him to follow after his sister and Artur nodded, carefully putting Mon Amie’s cage back on his dresser before stepping over James and darting out the door.
"How many extra robes will you need?" Farkas asked, frowning slightly when Tony held up three fingers. "There are only two brothers Rossi is expecting to collect. We claim that it was three, that is one thing. Five is a risk."
“And how can you tell that under the muck up there? You fret too much Heidi. That roofs been getting on as much as the general is. We’ll come back when the snows have gone and take a look.” He finally grunted, his voice retreating down the ladder and Tony sagged with relief.
Why had she let that happen? She thought bitterly, her hands curling into fists as the door swung shut behind them.
Bucky rubbed his throbbing eyes and shot her a strained but genuine smile.
“Yes France, then a few days in London.”
“Let me.” Bakhuizen reaching for the plate and Tony frowned at him. To his relief the captain moved the plate away, shaking his head with the hint of a grin as his friend scowled at him.
“Because you can’t stand Ian and he hates you.” Natacha scoffed in reply, and Tony winced as the boy’s face went an even darker red to match his hair and his face crumpled again with tears.
Her father did not give up. He wouldn’t have come back without Bucky and without Tony unless there was no bringing them back. He hadn’t said it, but a cloak of mourning had settled over the villa all the same. At first, he rarely moved from the chair but when the telephone rang, and messengers started coming to inquire about his whereabouts he moved to his study and locked himself within it for long hours at a time. He only came out at night to watch over Natacha and her siblings as they slept.
“Have lunch delivered to Herr Stark’s room.” Eyes still on Tony he added with a mischievous twinkle, “She’s not to leave until you’ve eaten every bite and I’d not like to be you if you hold up Virginia’s head house maid from her regular duties.”
Many of the soldiers who’d seen action in the Great War and who’d been called back to duty were being sent to the asylum in Munich.
Péter had swum a few yards away to “catch” artifacts with Artur who was splashing about in the shallows looking for treasures, while Tacha was trying bravely to coax Sara back in the water.
He might even have succeeded, Tony realized with cold creeping over his skin. At this very moment the Führer could have been dead, the Nazi party collapsed or in chaos, and Stefen would be lost to him. Dead, only to be discussed in school rooms while people who knew nothing of what it was like to watch a rot steal away everything good about your country, debated on whether he’d been the hero of the nation or its betrayer.
She turned away with a swirl of skirts and quickly disappeared into the crush, leaving Tony grumbling at her back. Was he the adult here or was she? Sometimes Natacha was far too worldly for her own good; but he conceded her point and made an effort to slow down on the number of drinks he had. Anxious or not, it wasn’t the night to lose control.
with some of the sights of Pola. I strongly suggest checking them out for reference, and because it's gorgeous and a nice way to spend a few minutes.
Basht- (Romany) good luck
The question looked like it had physically pained him.
. That was the word Stefen had used wasn’t it?
Then why did you exactly? No, don’t answer, it’s obvious. Overcompensating. Like how you tell everyone you meet that you were educated at Berkley but anyone could see by the ink stains around your cuticles, that couldn’t be further from the truth.
Potts didn't reply immediately, and then he sighed, "Do you know how much that terrified me? To see you just drop to the ground like that?" He squeezed Stevens hand. "It was one of the worst moments of my life."
He heard Tony huff, and then pad closer. He approached Steve, and then backed off. Steve remained as he was, patient. He had worn his softest t-shirt and a pair of sweats. The clothes were well worn, ones he used when he was relaxing at home. He wanted to exude as much of a complacent scent as was possible. Tony needed to know that Steve wanted to be here. That Steve was comfortable being here. Steve did not move an inch as Tony made his rounds around the room.
Steve flushed. “Could you maybe put your hand on my stomach?” He had this man’s dick in his ass, but asking him for a belly rub was hard to do. Steve would have scoffed at himself, if he hadn’t been doubled over in pain.
Steve’s chest is- Tony swallows as saliva rushes into his mouth. His chest is quite different from the last time Tony saw him. His pecs are plumper, filling up Steve’s large hands nicely, and his nipples are red and engorged. They bounce a little as Steve squeezes them together and then lets go. He’s moaning softly, huffing under his breath, and he looks a little frustrated.  Tony’s eyes are riveted as he watches Steve play with his pecs- no, they look like, Tony clenches his palms, they look like a pair of tits. Nipples tight, and swollen as Steve rolls them between his fingers. A pearlescent bead rolls down from one of Steve’s buds. He presses his thumb into it, flicking the drop, and then reaches up to suck the digit into his mouth.
Steve knew there was a little more to it, but Iron man always underplayed what he did for others. He never seemed to believe in himself the way Steve believed in him.
Steve wanted to do something too, so he shoved Tony back on the bed and then crawled between his legs. He was too self conscious to make eye contact. He gruffly admitted, “I’ve never done this before so I might suck at it.” And then went down on Tony’s dick trying to take the whole thing into his mouth at once. He choked on it. Tony grabbed the back of his head and pulled him off. “Not like that, darling. You’ll only hurt yourself. Go slow.” He explained to Steve, petting the nape of his neck. Steve nodded, and then took Tony’s cock into his mouth again. This time he tried to get adjusted first, swirling his tongue around the head and then dipping it into the slit at the tip. “Yeah,” Tony said breathily, “you’re doing so good.”
Tony pecked him on the nose and then scooped Anthony up into his arms, “Let’s go, Ant. You know Papa gets grumpier when he’s hungry” They left the room in a flurry of giggles.
“I don’t mind.” Steve told him, leaning into Tony’s hand.
“Tony. You can’t really expect me to do that.” Steve hedges incredulously, raising his hands up in hopes of parrying the tenacious man in front of him.
Steve crashes to the ground hard, and Tony can’t help smirking a little at his wide eyed look. He wipes the sweat dripping down his forehead, and pulls at the collar of his tank top. The front is damp and sticking to him, Tony’s glad he’ll get to hit the showers after this. He looks at Steve, who’s still gaping at him with glassy eyes, a flush high on his cheekbones.
"Do you think that server thought we were having sex?" Tony asks him out of the blue.
Was the first thing Potts said to him when he woke up in a bed at one of SHIELD's medical facilities, hands on his hips and foot tapping impatiently on the floor. "Let's
He was on his twelfth analysis, when he saw a small body swinging between the buildings. He was shooting off when he realized why that body looked familiar.
Tony didn’t hesitate. He nudged one of Steve’s arms away, and then slipped a warm hand under his shirt. The touch wasn’t much, but it quelled the spasming of his belly. He sat back and rolled his head towards Tony, “Thanks.” He mumbled, a little awkward. Tony shook his head, “It’s the least I could do.”
"It's just a date, Dad. You'll be fine. If Steve hurts you I'll make sure his phone catches a virus or ten."
When he woke up in the twenty-first century he had been confused about why his pheromones weren’t running rampant after decades of being off his suppressants. But Fury had cornered him the first chance he got when Stark wasn’t hovering around Steve like an overprotective dog and explained that he had been personally injecting Steve with suppressants before he woke up. Fury patted Steve once on the shoulder and said, “Some secrets are better left buried.”
Tony squinted at her, "You weren't even here for ninety percent of this. Pray tell, when did you tell me anything?"
.  He felt it, as Tony smirked, and then pressed his tongue down on a spot that made Steve’s gasp as the pleasure tore through him like a freight train. His back curved off the bed, and he spurted right into Tony’s mouth. Tony continued to lick and suck him through his orgasm, only stopping when Steve moans of pleasure tapered off into whines of discomfort.
He hadn't meant for Captain Stevens to find out about the reactor. But one of SHIELD's facility's had been attacked, and Potts, who was there supervising the installation of the new surveillance system he had designed, ended up becoming collateral damage. Stevens was the one who found him under a desk, bleeding out. Potts had been shot in the thigh, and Stevens checked if it was a clean shot before compressing the wound.
Steve stiffened, and Tony immediately released the contact. "I'm sorry, was that too soon?" He asked, worried.
“Steve” Tony gasps out, unable to speak more.
I really hope you guys enjoyed this chapter too. Don’t forget to hit the kudos button if you did <3
Steve grinned, “Well, you have the very best helper. So I guess I can sleep in a little.” He leaned in to kiss Tony and then whispered, “Let me know if you need any help, yeah?”
Pym looked relieved that the social call wasn't his to deal with. Neither of them were particularly fond of chitchatting with the military agents. He rolled his shoulders towards Potts in a 'have at it' gesture, and then rolled his chair back to his own station.
"I love you too, Dad." Ant replied easily. "Now go finish getting dressed. We don't want to keep Steve waiting."
Tony’s mouth was wet and unbearably warm. His throat constricted like a vice around the tip of Steve’s erection. Just when Steve was certain he was going to ejaculate right down Tony’s throat, Tony’s fingers tightened around the base of Steve’s dick, and he pulled off with one last, thorough suck. “Not so quick, Captain.” He teased and then he dipped a finger into the slick on Steve’s thighs and lubricated it. “You’ll get off with my cock in your ass, Steve. That’s what you want, isn’t it?” He asked, quirking a brow at Steve while his eyes danced in various shades of blue.
To an extent, it had worked. Goose's presence had been a welcome distraction at the compound. She seemed to instinctively know when her presence was needed. Steve would see her hopping onto the counter in the labs, forcing Bruce to take a break by making him pet her. Natasha would sometimes curl up on a couch in the common room with Goose snuggled up right next to her, languidly running her fingers though the cat's soft fur.
Stevens laughed. "Just another Tuesday."
Tony smiled, and then shyly held out his own little bouquet of roses that he had gotten for Steve. "You look beautiful, darling." He complimented and was pleasantly surprised when that incited a blush on Steve's cheeks.
Later, Potts woke up in a hospital bed. Stevens was reading to him from a chair by his bedside.
Potts waved a hand towards Stevens, who was still blocking the entry. "If you're waiting for an invitation, neither Pym nor I are that classy, so get in here and make sure to shut the door. We don't want our formidable Director to catch us dilly-dallying on SHIELD's payroll, now do we?"
Steve’s mouth quirked at that. “Yeah.”
“Good Boy,” Steve praised him, and Tony’s eyes lit up. He leaned forward until he crowded Steve against the wall, his cock was hard between his thighs, standing erect with a thick knot at its base. Tony nuzzled into Steve’s side, covering Steve’s body with his own. Steve slid a hand down the muscles of Tony’s back. Tony nosed his way to Steve’s neck, breathing in his scent. His scent thickened in the room, and Tony moaned out an almost pained sound.
So Tony made the damn presentation, all 52 slides of it, and he even included a small animation. He titled it ‘Things you are most likely to regret doing once the drugs are out of your system’. He had DUM-E hold his phone, beaming out a projection. Steve blinked one sleepy eye towards it, looking curious despite his disposition. Tony cleared his throat, and began walking Steve through the first slide, that had NICK FURY WILL KILL ME highlighted in bold at the center.
Tony took Steve’s face in his hands, “I’ll take care of you, Steve. We’re partners after all, you and I. Gotta stick with each other.”
He was often a sore loser, but Stevens didn't find himself minding it much, not when Potts snuck glances at him, looking mighty pleased with himself.
Potts didn't miss a beat, "You'll have to suffer the one day of the month when you don't look perfect, I suppose. Don't worry, I won't tell anyone else." He replied with a cheeky grin. The words were probably innocent, but they made Stevens' pulse flutter for a brief second.
Usually, Steve wouldn’t allow an offhand comment to affect him. Today was not an usual day.
Wilson looks between Stevens and Potts, and his brow climbs up higher, “We congratulations, I guess.” He says, clapping a hand down on Stevens shoulder.
It would have irritated Steve to have him there.
"That's my boy." Tony grinned. "Lets go see what else is in store for us, shall we?"
"You're the best son a father could have." Tony sat up and leaned against the headboard. "Are you sure he's okay with the whole...y'know."
“But I’ll try.” Tony agreed. He looked up, and at Steve, who had followed after Peter and had been sitting on the ledge of the building while Tony calmed Peter down. “For the both of you.” Tony told him.
“You want me to scent your neck glands?” He asks, shrill.
A gush of wetness filled the light cotton pants he had been given and Steve startled out of his fantasy. His cock was tenting the front of his pants, a growing wet patch easily visible from where the tip was pressing into the material. Steve cursed his inattention, and then focused on the sensation coming from his ass. He couldn’t have...pissed his pants, considering that it would have affected the front too. Concerned, he stuck his hand down his pants, feeling the stickiness along his bare asscheeks. When he pulled his hands out to inspect, his fingers were coated in a thick, clear liquid. He rubbed his fingers together, testing the viscosity of the liquid, and furrowed his brow together at the familiarity. He could be wrong...but it felt a little bit like lube. He wondered if it was remnant from his earlier activities with Tony. Another gush of the slick ran down his leg from his hole at the memory of Tony fucking him open and Steve’s eyes widened in shock. His hand automatically stretched out to the button they had asked him to press if he needed anything. It was only when he released it, that apprehension caught in this throat. What was he supposed to say? That his ass was getting wet? Something about that settled uncomfortably at the pit of his stomach. His desire to see Stark grew bolder in his mind. Tony, for all the perverse things he might say or think, would never be cruel or judgemental.
Oh for the love of Thor. Tony turned around to look at Steve, who was still snuggled into the pile of blankets.
Anthony rolled his eyes from where he had flopped onto Tony's bed. "Of course he'll like you dad. He's not
Steve wants to protest, he can manage a night of talking up the bigwigs if it means Tony will be comfortable. But he doesn’t know how to say this without sounding sappy. “Alright.”
Potts frowned, "Were you able to eat something today, at least?"
"I'm always optimistic." Tony huffs, "My optimism is just watered down by a dose of calculated reality. I run the numbers, and review our success rate." Tony defends.
Rhodey snorted. “Hard to forget. It was ‘All I want for Christmas is Captain America in a sparkly thong.’ You’ve been very consistent, when I think about it.”
He turned around to flee the scene again, as he often seemed to do when Stark was involved.
Tony aimed for Steve’s prostate, hips jerking determinedly. The heat that had been building up inside Steve for the better part of the hour, eclipsed. Tony’s gaze on him was penetrating, and Steve couldn’t look away as Tony whispered, “Come for me, Darling.”
“You can’t spend the day walking around here smelling like sweat and me,” Tony finishes for him. The disappointment he feels is quelled by Steve’s words. Knowing that Steve likes Tony’s scent, when Greg had always called it ostentatious and scrunched up his nose in distaste when they were still children and not required to wear scent blockers.
Steve canted his hips back against Tony, nevertheless eager for more. When the base of Tony’s cock started to swell, Steve was desperate for it. He wanted that knot inside him, wanted to feel it fill him up, wanted Tony to mark him not only on the outside but on the inside as well. Tony had stopped thrusting into Steve now, and was grinding against him in small movements, letting his knot settle just inside Steve’s rim. His knot was big, and Steve clenched down on it, basking in Tony’s groans of pleasure. Tony’s orgasm wasn’t the desperate thing Steve thought it would be, instead he wrapped his hand loosely around Steve’s cock and caressed it softly.
These are thoughts Steve is having now, and they are thoughts he shouldn't be having. Tony is his best friend. Steve doesn't want to ruin that.
"I could drop you home on my way back?" Tony offered and Steve gratefully accepted.
"I thought it was someone catfishing, when I first saw your profile." Steve admitted.
He reminds himself to breathe. This is so unfair; Steve loves Tony's face, and it's largely because of Tony that Steve finds himself with a newly discovered preference for facial hair. But now, Steve looks at Tony's face miserably, he finds that he doesn't mind the new look at all. He can see the smile lines at the corners of Tony's mouth more clearly, and he finds himself fixating on it.
He wasn't sure if deciding to join the military instead had been the right decision, but he went by his gut. Ten years later, and he ended up working for SHIELD anyway, but being able to serve his country helped him feel stabilised. It gave him a purpose he felt he could chase after for as long as he was in the field.
“The craziest.” Steve agreed.
“Tony? What’s going on?” he ran a worried glance over Tony’s face, and whatever he saw there just made the furrow between his brows deepen. “I want you to stay where you are, sweetheart. I’m on my way.”
Steve was almost desperate to ask, but they didn’t do that. They didn’t talk about Tony’s cancer. Well, sometimes they did. When the lights were off and Tony was plaint in his arms, nudging his head into the crook of Steve’s arms. Steve pressed his lips together, tight, and contented himself with Tony’s response. He found himself wanting to press closer to Tony, however, to monopolize the man’s attention. Steve’s skin itched, and he curled his toes in his boots to try and abate the fresh sweep of arousal making its way up his spine.
The puppy is tiny, and the tag on his collar reads, ‘Cap.’ The fur on his back is light brown and his belly is a fluffy white. Cap gnaws on a wrench as Stevens brushes a thumb on his forehead.
"I'd like that." He replied, and Steve's posture loosened. "I could eat a little of everything." He told Tony. Tony called Sana over and carefully relayed their order.
Steve unbuttons the cuffs of his sleeves and rolls them up, “Let it be known that this was not my idea.”
. Not his money or his tech. As a result, they didn’t get to scent each other often as other couples were want to. Tony’s alpha always protested, instinctually wanting to cover Steve up in his scent, and to have the same done to him.
“Oh Spangles. I didn’t mean that. You can cuddle me as much as you want to.” Tony folded like a wet noodle under those eyes. He could feel his own throat close up in response to Steve’s frustration. “I’m sorry, Steve. I know this is hard on you, and I promise we’ll figure out a solution soon. No matter what it takes. I just- I don’t want you to do something that might make you hate me later on.”
"I have your uncle Greg? He'll be old and grumpy too and we're exactly the same age." Tony tried to defend himself.
Prompts: Panic attacks, Stuck in an elevator.
He was delighted to catch sight of another blush on Steve's cheeks, colouring them a soft and beautiful pink.
It was incredibly erotic, but Steve was taken by the way Tony looked at him while he did it, lost in the haze of his rut and focused solely on Steve like he had forgotten the rest of the world existed. Steve swallowed. He cupped the back of Tony’s head, this was all so new for him. He was the most exposed he had ever been. Despite the twinge of embarrassment he felt when he thought about how he had squirted all over Tony’s face, this was also the safest he had ever felt. He didn’t have to think, didn’t have to be in control, Tony would take care of him.
Tony ruffled Anthony’s hair affectionately, and then sat down behind Steve, letting Steve lean back onto him. “We might have made too much for papa, Ant. Why don’t you help papa so he can finish his breakfast?"
“That last omega managed to scrape herself with a syringe, ‘bout near sent the sent the damn mutt into a rage.” Fury grumbled. “We don’t even know if the Tony Stark we know is in there anymore.”
Carol looked worried now, "Tony, all jokes aside- are you okay? I know that you're worried about Steve but-"
do that again."
It irritated him that he wasn’t. The unbridled nature of the emotion surprised him, and he tried to sledgehammer it back to obedience. It was enough that Steve partook in deviant activities with Stark, he didn’t need to leech onto the man at every unfamiliar turn. He scrubbed his palm down his face. It was disconcerting, to be left alone. He wasn’t truly alone, the cameras lining the corners and the ceiling to floor glass wall on the opposite end to the bed were enough proof of that. Steve rolled off the bed and onto the floor. He felt agitated. He began a series of push-ups hoping to work the frustration itching under his skin out of his system.
"Good different?" Tony asked.
“Dad? Are you okay? Is something wrong?” The kid asked him. And Tony didn’t really have it in him to push the kid away again.
“You suck.” Tony informed him, despondently. “And that whole rumbly-purring thing has got to be the most unfair thing in the whole world.”
Steve’s head was spinning. They were handed tablets, and told to head to the labs if they needed further explanation. Everyone filed out of the room except him and Tony. Tony’s eyes were glued to the tablet in his hands as he devoured the information provided. He reclined back in his chair, tablet in hand. Steve decided to do the same.
Two hours later, Tony’s alarm beeped and he startled awake. He was too warm under Steve's bulking mass, but he managed to find himself some wriggle room so he could grab his phone.
Features: Tony Stark as both Doctor Potts and Howie the mechanic.
"Did Dr. Millers tell you that?" Potts inquired, amused. "The man's always had a loose tongue and a soft heart. Did he also tell you that I don't have a license?"
Steve welcomed that finger, he felt mad for it now. Despite not having a heat since his first one, he felt like he had to be in heat right now. His lower body ached with the need to be filled, and he groaned as Tony added another finger and started to stretch him. Steve pushed back against his fingers, pleasure pulsed deep inside him and Tony’s fingers hit just the right spot that made Steve squirm. Steve was so wet Tony’s fingers slipped right in.
Pym turned to him in question, and when he realised Potts was not going to be forthcoming, he asked, "What brings you down here, Mr...?"
Tony was glad that all his cars were equipped with a magnificent autopilot mode because he wasn't sure how reliable his driving skills were at the moment. "Are you sure?" He asked, with ill-concealed disbelief.
Tony gets to the lobby before realizing he has left his phone in the showers. Cursing his own carelessness, he makes his way back down. Sure, Tony can afford a new phone, but he doesn’t like misplacing his tech if he can help it. It always leads to more trouble than it is worth when he does. The Gym floor is quiet when he gets there, and Tony realizes that he and Steve had stayed out here quite a while to get their training done. He pushes the doors to the communals open, and heads to the locker he had left his stuff in earlier. He sighs when he can’t find the misplaced phone, and then remembers leaving it on the ledge near one of the shower heads after he shot Fury a quick text about hiring on call massage therapists to their training facility.
Tony slowly pried the kid off of him. “I’m sorry kid, but I know I don’t have any progeny running around despite the sensationalization of the dalliances of my youth.”
Tony flushed at the insinuation. There was no way, maybe this was just a very realistic fever dream.
The Doctor pushed his round spectacles up higher on the bridge of his nose, “It seems I have spoken too much. It won’t be long now, Captain Rogers. We just have a few tests more to clear before you’ll be allowed out and then Director Fury will debrief you on the rest.”
Tony’s eyes were hooded, now, and he kept inhaling in deep breaths filled with Steve’s pheromones. Steve considered him, and arousal twisted low in his belly at the sight, “Get your pants off and fuck me, Alpha.”
"Oh that." Tony says, "I thought it would be a good disguise." He rubs his chin self-consciously. "It doesn't look bad, does it?"
Steve thought, a little delirious. Tony cleaned his own come off of Steve, leaving him sticky with saliva instead. He knew that the act had no functionality, nevertheless his toes curled as it made him feel cared for. Soon, Tony’s mouth found Steve’s nipples again, and he closed his mouth over them, his canines digging into Steve’s areola. He was rutting against Steve again, but this time at a more languid pace, adjusting himself until his cock was nestled between Steve’s folds and nudging up behind Steve’s balls. He sucked on Steve’s nipples until they felt as sensitive as his pussy. His cock dragged slowly across Steve’s opening and ground into his balls.
Tony heads out the door. Steve goes to the sink, turns the tap to cold, and splashes a palmful of the water on his face.
Tony’s hair tickles Steve, all the glamor, the press smile, and the work weariness melts out of him as he leans into Steve’s touch. His body is corded with thick muscle and his height almost matches Steve’s own, but Tony has softened in the embrace of Steve’s grip. Steve holds his head gently, he can’t stop himself from rubbing small circles into Tony’s nape.
, Steve tossed his head back into the pillows and threw an arm over his face. This was an Alpha between his legs, and Tony was teaching him, showing him how good it could be.
“Oh Petey,” Steve gasped. He extended his arms and Peter just fell into them. Steve rubbed soothing circles onto his son’s back.
Steve opened his mount to protest, but then snapped it shut. "In what way?" He asked, instead.
The man grinned at him, wide and beautiful. Steve couldn’t help sneaking another glance towards the heavens. They really lost their citizens fairly easily. Steve would like to say this was the first white robed beauty he had come across until now, but he wasn’t.
"It's really not as bad as that." Anthony frowned.
Natasha sent him a letter. Half of it was complaining about how he really needed to find a better place to live. Somewhere he could at least operate a cellphone from. The other half was just updates about how she was doing. She talked about Iron man too, about how it seemed like he had vanished off of the face of the planet because of how hard it was to get any news about him.
Tony was rubbing soothing circles into his back now, “What is it, Steve? You know you can ask me anything, darling” He coaxed.
No, wait, that’s not what Steve wanted to ask them. He foundered for a moment as the Doctor looked him over critically, “Mr. Stark has been allocated a different room on the Bay. Taking into account your situation, the decision was made under sound judgement.”
Steve peeked one eye open, and Tony flicked his nose, “I’m onto you. We are not sleeping again. We just slept for four hours!”
“Stark, Rogers.” Fury said, “I bet you’re looking for answers, yes?”
“Please,” Steve gritted out. He felt embarrassed by his own emotion. Ever since he stopped his suppressants his instincts became almost painful to bear with. To be Omega, to be lacking. He knew he would have to admit it, because even if Tony wouldn’t sacrifice to help himself, he would do it for Steve. It might be despicable of him to use Tony like this, but he said it anyway. “I could be your Omega. You could teach me.”
“Then you’ll know that Mr. Stark managed to single handedly divert an attack that would have destroyed this city in minutes had he not been there” Steve informed him.
“Yeah. I think so.”
He was exhilarated, but also a little distracted and that was probably why the stray bullet managed to hit him.
Steve makes sure to lock the bathroom door, and then he buries his face into his hands and groans.
"Let's not do this again."
“Tony,” Steve turned around, putting his free hand on Tony’s shoulder. “I was just asking because I don’t want to make
He walks over to the double doors leading to the showers, and casually pushes it open. The sound of a running shower is still going, and Tony is surprised to know that Steve’s still around. He’s already looking up, an easy line for his boyfriend on the tip of his tongue, when he freezes.
“Thor is on it.” Steve replied, and when Tony shot him a blank look, “the wizard’s brother” he cleared.
“You’re doing great, Steve! I feel very protected.” Tony waved towards him as Steve circled the perimeter of Tony’s home.
Tony didn't call him out on it, however. He just took Steve's hand in his, and brought it closer towards Goose for the cat to smell it. The cat gave his hand one cautions sniff, and then a tiny tongue peeked out to give his fingers a small lick.
Tony licked Steve’s belly softly, this time making his way up.
Steve’s preheat ended in the limo, harbinging a full blown heat. Despite reading all the information Fury had given them, nothing could have prepared Steve for the pleasure that tore through his abdomen. It wrapped itself around his gut and squeezed down painfully. Steve wasn’t sure if he was aroused, or wanted to puke. Maybe both. Cold sweat dripped down his forehead. He swiped his wrist across it and winced.
"Then why did you swipe right?" Take asked him, curious.
Tony fell silent at that, and then he laughed a little weakly, "I'm not sure how many of those things are left at this point."
Tony blinks his eyes open sleepily, “Woah, that was different.”
Steve snuck a glance at his face, "I took a chance, I guess." He replied ambiguously.
There was a moment of silence, and then Tony replied, softly, "I know, cap."
She just turned up at the compound one day, and none of them had the heart to turn her away. Clint identified her as Fury's cat. It was odd, Fury hadn't seemed like a cat lover, but you never knew with some people. Goose was a gorgeous Ginger, and Steve loved her pretty coat.
“Well.” He heard Tony inhale, and then his breath caught half way. “I thought that might be happening. I can-“ Tony tapped the bridge of his nose sheepishly, “-smell you.”
"It's just a pacemaker, keeps my heart ticking. Nothing to worry about." Potts told him, smiling weakly.
But Steve knew this was different too. First the fur started to recede, and then slowly, Steve watched as the wolf in his arms turned into the naked, but familiar form of Tony Stark. Steve was ready. Tony’s vulnerable gaze met his own, his Alpha called out to Steve’s Omega and his scent enveloped Steve completely.
After that, Clint took center stage, and Steve tuned him out as he droned on with the briefing. His attention automatically fell on Tony again. Tony was at the edge of his chair, it looked casual on the surface, but Steve caught the way Tony’s body was tensed as he leaned away from Steve. Steve huffed under his breath, and then hooked his ankle around Tony’s chair and pulled it towards himself. Tony didn’t startle, he just quirked his brows at Steve like he expected as much.
Tony shook his head, “No. Stay. Let Anthony and I treat you today.” He pressed a sleepy, stubble-itchy kiss to Steve’s cheek. “It’s Valentine’s day, darling. We want to spoil you a little.”
“I went to the city last week. The stationery shop let me use their computer.” Steve braced himself for Tony’s reaction, and Tony did not disappoint.
He needed to call someone, he thought to himself. Someone who would be willing to handle a possibly violent Captain America. Thus far, Steve had been doing pretty well, but Tony needed to leave now and he wasn't sure how Steve would react to his absence.
Well, that might be explanation enough.
He smiled when he felt lips on his skin. It would take time for him and the Captain to understand each other completely, if they ever managed it.
“But you’ll try?” Peter asked, sounding desperately hopeful.
Steve frowned. Sure, he wasn’t expecting a emotional reunion when it had only been hours since they last saw each other, but a hello would have been nice. Steve entered the room after him. He scanned the room, Fury was at the helm of the conference table, Jan and Hank to his left, Banner to his right, and Tony beside him. Clint was perched on a chair a little further away from everyone else. Steve made a beeline for the chair beside Tony’s. Tony stiffened when Steve settled into the seat beside his, but he turned and gave Steve a warm smile. “Glad you made it to the other side, Captain.” He greeted.
Stevens wondered if he could request a transfer too. Stevens would be a great junior agent.
“Oh my, Captain.” Tony teased, “At least take me out to dinner first.”
“There are definitely better Alphas out there, Darling.” Tony interrupted him.
“Ah!” Stark exclaimed. “Well that’s nice. Not so nice for me, but still nice.”
“I’ve got my dick in you and this is what makes you shy.” Tony chucked.
“I retired years ago.” Steve grumbled. He hated being made a fuss about. The supernatural war ended ten years ago. Steve had only done what was right, and now he was tired of hearing about it. Tired of seeing his face plastered across every billboard. He paused. “I feel like I’ve heard your name before too.”
Sana, the wonderful angel, had left them their menus on the table. So Tony picked up the one across him and flipped it open. "I say we get a little of everything, Darling. Sana's father is a magician in the kitchen."
Stevens was in standard military garb, and he clutched his cap in front of him like a shield. His eyes darted to Pym once, and then rooted firmly on Potts. He cleared his throat, the sound awkward and scratchy. "I knocked." He offered in explanation, and Potts and Pym both blinked at him in tandem.
Stark tilted his head to the side. His easy grin didn't falter. “Oh me? I’m just some rich guy. Maybe you flipped through a glamor magazine once? Instagram? Ooooh maybe tiktok??!” He leaned towards Steve with a sly smirk.
Steve shook his head, "I'm just not used to." He waved his arm in Tony's direction.
Steve paused at a slide that explained how Omegas were capable of producing a viscous fluid when they were aroused to slicken them up and prepare for an Alpha’s knot. He went to read up on what that was next. His blood pounded in his ears as he read about knotting, scenting and bonded pairs.
Stevens gave him a small smile, "I thought you might say so."
“Of course, I will.” Steve replied, matter of fact. But the heat in his voice and the dark blush on his cheeks betrayed him.
any trouble, eh?”
Tony wiped his nose, and a streak of oil covered it. He didn’t realize and went back to fine tuning the underbelly of the vehicle. “The Great Supernatural War.” He scoffed. “More like The Great Political Agenda In Disguise.”
"That's comforting." He deadpans.
Tony's eyes softened, "You've really been worried about me, huh."
Tony was about to ask her who Peter was, but then his HUD lit up with another call notification.
The chatter kept up in the car as Tony drove them to one of his favourite sushi places. Steve had taken the subway on his way over as per Anthony's instructions, which was perfect because it gave Tony the opportunity to show off one of his many cars. And if the little glances Steve kept shooting him were anything to go by, then Steve was well impressed.
"You overthink things too much, Cap. Sometimes it's okay to think things might work out as we planned them."
“I refuse to be seduced by warm cuddles. You hear me? I
Tony rubbed his ankles and curled his own legs under him. His tail rubbed against Steve’s feet. It felt like soft velvet, a bit cat-like. “I can’t see you ever hurting anyone, Steve. But I guess saying that doesn’t really help.”
“Why does Clint want arrows that shoot out Raspberry yoghurt?” Steve questions, tilting his head.
"Good foresight on ordering room service. This way we get to keep up with our disguise and I can fuel up." Tony says through a mouthful of schiacciata.
“Great!” Stark cheered. “I’ll have everything ready, just come to my workshop this evening after you’re done with scaring the squirrels or whatever it is you get up to everyday.”
They had so much to talk about. So much to share between the two of them. So many things Steve had always wanted to do with Iron man, things he wants to do now with Tony. He gathered these feelings when he looked at Tony now, and said the only thing that could encompass it.
“Rogers.” Steve muttered, “Steve Rogers.”
” Tony snarled.
Tony wasted no time in unbuckling his belt and lowering his pants along with his boxers. He lined his shaft with Steve’s entrance, trembling as his cock pushed at Steve’s hole. Steve opened up easily to let Tony in, first squeezing around the head, and then having inch by inch of Tony’s long and thick member slide in until he bottomed out in Steve.
Steve rolled over on top of him and then buried his face into Tony’s neck.
Stevens believed he was doing good, so he worked hard. His missions were often the kind no one else would take, the ones where the probability of death for another soldier or agent was set at a hundred percent. Nothing however, could have prepared him for the first time he had been assigned a mission with Dr. Potts. He didn't even know Potts went on missions, and that the occasion wasn't a rarity. He should have guessed as much, Potts had a brilliant mind, and it would have been wasteful not to use him to his full capacity.
“Thank you, Tony.” Steve said leaning up to kiss his husband. “Thank you Ant.” He added, pecking his son’s proffered cheek. There was even a freshly cut rose on the tray. Under watchful eyes he scooped up some of the eggs into a fork and popped it into his mouth. The warm flavour burst on his palette. “This is delicious.” He complimented.
They met a few more times after that, some coincidental and some less so. Stevens liked spending time with the doctor, the man had an incredible wit, and they enjoyed goading each other into a bet or a challenge.
Fury cleared his throat to gain their attention, and Tony’s eyes slid back to him. Steve stared at the shift of his broad shoulders, he knew what those shoulders looked like without anything on them. Tan skin, with a scattering of small scars, knotted thick with muscle. The wetness was now leaking down his thighs. Steve licked his lips. He hoped nobody would notice.
Tony held Steve’s hand in his, and gently pried his mouth off. “I don’t know how much longer I have left Steve.” He kissed Steve’s shoulder gently. “But I thank you for this.” He pressed his face into the crook of Steve’s shoulder and Steve felt it in his own heart when his shoulder was wet with the warmth of Tony’s tears.
Sana led them to their table. It was in a secluded spot with warm lighting and a single rose decorating the table.
"Greg knows about this?"
Stevens huffed. "Thanks for that," he teased.
The washrooms are fancy, with Calcutta marble basins and a dim pinkish yellow lighting. Tony shuts the door and then backs Steve against it. His blue eyes gleam eerily as he looks at Steve. His eyebrows are raised, and his lips pressed together. The blue chiffon tie he’s wearing hangs in a loose knot, and Steve can see the bobble of his Adam’s Apple as he steps closer and slams his hands on either side of Steve’s head, caging him in.
The father-son duo cheered and then hi-fived each other over Steve’s tray. Steve cut a piece of pancake next, and this time he held it out in front of Ant. Ant gave the fork a conflicted pout, “This is papa’s, not Ant’s.”
“Why did you come here?” Steve asked him. He brushed the soft locks of hair away from Tony’s forehead.
A pair of blue eyes that matched Tony’s to the t pouted up at Steve. In the right light Steve liked to think they looked a bit like his too. “No.” Anthony denied resolutely, despite the proof of his crime staining Steve’s shirt. He looked down and rubbed his palm over the spot. “Not mine. Dada’s.”
But Goose's favourite, by far, apart from Carol, was Tony. The cat would pur loudly when she was in Tony's arms and whine pitifully if he didn't pay her the attention she craved. Tony cooed at her like a smitten parent, praising her soft fur and her pretty eyes. Steve felt an inexplicable ache in his chest when he saw them together. He took in the ease with which they assimilated into each other's presence, and the open affection they readily displayed.
“Tony,” Captain America said, radiating concern. He came and knelt by Tony’s side. “Tony what’s going on? What happened?”
Tony laughed shyly, and then caught Steve’s hand in his own, entangling their fingers so their wedding bands pressed together. “I know, darling. It was the best day of my life.”
"Happy Valen’ines day, papa!"
"No buts. Not right now, please. Just, take care of him for me. He needs that more than I do." Tony dodged Carol's concerned gaze. "I'll be fine. I'll just take care of whatever's going on in Central Park and then be back here in a jiffy. Cap- Steve, he might wake up while I'm gone. He's not taken kindly to any attempts at separation, so I don't know how he might react." Tony swallowed. "He might get violent. He doesn't meant to, you know Cap," Tony's eyes pleaded, "but he might anyway. This whole thing has really messed him up."
"That's amazing." Steve replied. And it really was, especially since Steve himself was considered an anomaly, he knew how tough breaking stereotypes could be.
“Whose wedding?” Tony asked her, unable to follow.
Whoop! Got delayed a bit, but I’m speedwriting this so forgive me for that. Unbeta’d so if you catch anything, do let me know ^^.
They didn't speak much after that, Potts working quietly.
Potts blinks at him, and then laughs sheepishly, “Sorry, Cap is just too adorable. I can’t help it.”
“Is that what you want, handsome?” Tony watched him with unreadable eyes.
He was startled awake sometime later by Anthony barreling into the room and flinging himself on top of Steve. He sat his full weight on Steve’s stomach, and then cocked his head to the side innocently, “Papa, awake?”
The elevator announced their arrival, and Steve cornered Tony against the wall as soon as he stepped out of it. Their noses brushed against each other, and then Steve pressed his lips to Tony’s. Tony’s mouth was soft and willing, his tongue slid along Steve’s eagerly. Steve tugged impatiently at the hem of Tony’s shirt, but Tong pushed him back using all his self control. “You need to eat first.” He told Steve.
His body took to the outlet, but his mind continued to wander. The Isolation Bay at the triskelion was probably a more extensive boarding than available in most other government facilities. They likely had Tony in in a room mirroring this one. The discomfort Steve was feeling only grew, and he went down deeper, biceps straining under his own weight. He bit down on his lower lip, the flesh reddening under the pressure. He thought back to the last glance he had been able to take of Tony. He had looked a lot less disoriented than Steve had been, flashing a smile at the lab technicians. His Tony Stark persona unfurling like a cat waking up from a nap. Jarvis was not around anymore, but someone had pushed a red martini into Tony’s hands, and he’d tossed it back in a long drink that bobbed his throat.
Steve didn’t look very impressed.
Tony laughs, and Steve grins.
Slick was covering his thighs now, and Steve’s throat felt dry. He gulped down the rest of the water, and tore open the plastic packaging so he could take a bite from the muffin. Tony was munching on a cookie himself. Steve realized that they hadn’t eaten since the mission, and he pulled at tray closer to himself. There was an assortment on it, packaged cookies, cakes, a couple of quickly made sandwiches, etc. Steve picked up a sandwich and his stomach thanked him for it. He had been so focused on the sex that he had forgotten about his hunger. After he’d devoured a substantial amount of the food on the tray, he set it to the side and rolled his body in Tony’s direction. Tony smirked at him, lips drawing a pleased expression on his mouth. “C’mere darling,” he murmured, pulling Steve in closer with a leading hand on his shoulder. Tony pressed his lips against Steve’s and then angled his head and sucked Steve’s lower lip into his mouth, running his tongue along it and biting down gently before he let go.
“Yes, as a matter of fact. A lot like wolf packs. We’re unsure of what exactly the dynamics entail, and our research into the matter is minimal. But Stark and Rogers, both your biologies seem to have been affected in a similar manner. Rather than me try to try to explain the birds and bees to you, we have all the reading material you’ll need assembled. Since none apart than the two of you seem to have been affected by the same, we’ve deemed it safe for you to go about your daily tasks the same as always. You will, however, be exempted from missions until we figure out how to get you back to normal.”
Tony’s face softened under those words, he was so vulnerable like this, in Steve’s arms. He pressed his own forehead to Steve’s, and his eyelashes fluttered against his cheeks shyly. “I love you, Steve.” He mumbled, sleepily. A secret that had been let to slip in the tender moment. Steve let it wash over him like the warmth of the morning sunlight on the slopes of his face, of his heart. This is what he had been heading towards, whether he had realized it or not. Here, surrounded by Tony’s scent, having his naked skin pressed to Steve’s own, Steve could feel the love that thudded through his own heart.
“I’m sorry.” Stevens mumbles to his shoes. Potts his silent for a moment too long, so he looks up warily.
“Oh I’m alright!” The man said cheerfully. “Just new to these parts.” He flipped a pair of sunglasses over his eyes. “Tony Stark, at your service. I think I’m your new neighbor, Mr….” He hooked his index finger over the bridge of his glasses so he could look up at Steve from under his long lashes.
A nurse gave them an understanding look before she walked into the room to speak to the doctor. Potts didn’t take his eyes off the baby, and was he-
The first time Potts met Stevens, the man had come limping into the infirmary. His face was pale, but he held himself upright. Potts wasn't supposed to be down at the infirmary himself, it wasn't really his job. But Berta was having twins, and Dr. Miller had shoved his coat towards Potts in the hallway with an, "I'll buy you dinner next time!" and rushed off to the hospital to be with his wife. Through his bewilderment, Potts allowed himself to feel amused by the irony of the situation.
"I know you're happy in the Dad way, but I want you to be happy as a person too." Anthony explained.
Rhodey looked older. That was the first thing that struck Tony. “Tones, did you call me to rub the size of your ring into my face. Because I will tolerate it this once, just this
Carol threw him a questioning look and Tony tried his best not to fidget. "He's not his usual self."
Stevens didn't say anything, just reached out and grabbed one of Potts' hands. "You saved me again." He said.
This kid was too good for him. Tony was absolutely certain of this. But as he held this kid in his arms, he couldn’t deny that he wanted to believe in their story. That maybe he really could fit into his beautiful picture.
"Only because you're too chicken to do it first."
Tony looked up at the cameras again, and growled out, “
Steve looked at him with confusion, but Tony was brisk walking to the kitchen. “You can make yourself comfortable, Cap. I’ll just grab us some food and water.”
Tony stepped closer towards Steve and wrapped his arms around his waist. "Maybe you're just being overbearing."
“No, no, no! You’re doing it all wrong.” Steve scolded. “You have to put the tomatoes in next.”
"Excuse me. I'll have you know that these are Calvin Klein boxers." Tony protested. He flipped his nightgown to add to his point.
"Oh we're calling him Steve now, are we?" Tony teased.
Steve gives his bare abdominals, revealed by his raised top, an appreciative glance. “You go on ahead,” he tells Tony, “I’ll clean up after you.” Although it’s not intended, his words remind Tony that Steve’s going to be spending his coming heat alone. He has requested it, and Tony, not wanting to do anything that would mess up what they have now, readily agreed. Which also means that he won’t be able to have sex with Steve for another three weeks. But Tony doesn’t care as much about that as might be expected of him. He is just worried about Steve, hopes he will be fine on his own for the duration.
Steve wanted to cuss at him. He wanted to fling the door open to Tony’s room and punch him in the face, if only to assuage his inexplicable jealousy towards every single Omega out there who let this incredibly kind Alpha go. Letting his own indignation fuel him like a shot of courage, he got up from his seat and walked down the hallways to Tony’s room. The scent grew stronger the closer he drew, until he stood in front of Tony’s door with one hand on the handle.
Steve had appreciated it. He had spent most of his life on suppressants and honestly he wasn’t sure he knew how to be a proper omega anymore instead of just a scentless Beta. Ignoring his instincts had been easy when he had a world war to fight in.
“Hey! Is that all you have to say! It was a pretty good presentation, y’know. I don’t think I’ve ever paid board meetings this much attention.” Tony grumbled.
“I know you don’t believe us,” Peter said, burrowing his face into Tony’s neck. “I know you think we aren’t yours. But dad, you’re the one who taught me how much we deserve each other, how much we belong together. I just- I just want you to try. I don’t- I can’t lose you when I only just got you. I never had a dad, and then you came, and I- I won’t lose you without fighting for you.”
Tony let the sound of Maria’s gentle singing wash over him as he secured the final nail in the board with a swing of his hammer, careful to avoid James’ small fingers as they slipped away from the nail. The boy’s keen focus on the task at hand and quick work reminded Tony of that summer afternoon when they'd built racing boats. That felt like a lifetime ago now, but James was just as quick and eager a student as he had been back then, helping Tony and his siblings to build a pair of rope beds and put a latch on the loft door. He hadn’t complained or whined once, and that was enough of a miracle to have Tony almost believing in angels.
“Truly?” Tony inquired with an arched brow.
“One day they were sure that he would die, if he could not get warm or fed, but there was nowhere to go and no one who would help. But that night a Bayash caravan made camp not far from them. Sara bundled her baby up and went to them despite the risk of being kicked and chased away with stones and pleaded with the Phuri Dae – the wise woman – for a chance to share their pot and their fire that night.
Thoughts of the resistance and Janneke slickered at the edges of his mind. Bucky’s self-preservation instinct was strong but, to Steve's horror, his loyalty to Steve had always proved stronger. Bucky might leave them too in the end.
To light and guard and rule and guide.
Jessika had seen them out and about and waited for an opportunity to catch Stefen alone. None forthcoming she'd approached them while they ate. While trading introductions and friendly chatter she'd slipped a folded scrap of paper with a telephone number inscribed upon it across the table before she'd made her excuses and departed.
Stefen’s team was fast and relentless, but Tony and Péter had built a damnably good wall to combat the deluge of snowballs. They should have been the winners, but Bucky’s team was full of sneaks and dirty fighters who employed dishonorable tactics. Natacha convinced Sara to aid their team by going around and stuffing snow down everyone’s boots, giggling all the way as they scrambled to avoid her. And as things dissolved into chaos Natacha and her teammates pelted the little girl’s helpless targets mercilessly with snow.
Charlotte reached inside her clutch and pulled out a small envelope with delicate spidery writing on the front.  Her mouth quirked upward in a little smile as she tucked it in his lap.
Everyone was leaving.
“A more condensed syrup may help. We can use the sap. My worry is that the virus and the asthma are exasperating each other. We can’t treat one without considering the other, and we don’t have much to work with here.” Tony replied and Péter slowly nodded, understanding at once.
terrible the family had to go through.
If Stanislov was implying something different it could mean that he didn’t actually want Tony’s involvement, or maybe he was just seeking ways to control the situation to his liking. Because the other’s might not know how much Stanislov needed him, but Tony could see it written clear as day.
“When the show came to Salzburg I took Peggy. It was before we were married. I guess I was trying to impress her.”
Bucky paced anxiously, waiting for the priest to rouse from his bed and answer his door. Bonhef knew the procedure well, and would lead anyone with the correct password up to the attic without asking questions. It seemed like an eternity before there was a gentle knock on the door and the priest entered, Jann trailing behind him. She waited for the priest to shut the door behind himself before sweeping off her cap and letting her dark hair spill out around her ears. She smiled at Bucky, tired and worn at the edges but familiar and cheeky, and Bucky swore she’d never looked more beautiful. He crossed the room in a few quick strides and hugged her hard, but released her quickly when she gasped, flinching with discomfort.
There had been so much to love about Pola. The salt in the air, the sweet smell wafting up from the bakers stalls down in the market juxtaposed against the pungent smell of fish and port city life. In Pola there had been the Rhuza boy, who had come to work in their kitchen and whom Hughard had not tossed out on his head despite their fears (not at first anyway). Tony had called him Rhodey, on account of the island his father had been born on and the stories the older boy had recited to him as they’d strolled the beaches (imagine an island surrounded by flowers!).
Tony’s thoughts churned round and around in his head all the way down to the kitchen. He made himself a cup of espresso which he barely touched, his thoughts too heavy with worry as he sat in wait for the runner.
“Bucky, we’re in public!” he ground out but Bucky, almost as incorrigible as the child Steve had named after him, continued on louder than before, uncaring of their potential audience.
“Swallowed you down like a dockside whore?”
The girls were being given a bath by Julia or one of the other maids and with all the passion of a sibling abandoned Artur had hurled himself at Steve and had barely paused for breath since.
Tart flavor burst over his tongue, shocking his senses momentarily before the taste turned to ash in his mouth. He kept working his jaw, grinding the fare into thick mush and swallowing by route. He hadn’t eaten in over twenty-four hours now. That seemed important.
“Sir?”
Tu devi prenderti cura di noi: (Italian) You have to take care of us.
"You heard me." Tony continued undaunted by Steve’s tone, fire burning in his eyes. "They despise you! Hate every last thing running through your blood that makes you good, hate your people, hate what goes through your mind and your heart!”
Steve saw it again, the little girl lying in the street, the man lying over her, their dark hair tangled together.
He just chose to come up swinging and spitting in people’s eye while he was at it.
“Yes. But the boy was good and clever. He kept thinking up ways to try and improve their situation. Every day he’d go into the forest to chop firewood to sell, all day he’d work, but they still did not always have enough to eat or money to get by. The boy missed his father and the good life they once had. Until one day he thought ‘I am my father’s son’.
Steve huffed, clenching his fists.
Steve answer came quickly, his voice firm and certain as pavement.
“Again, I must apologize for not being here to greet you when you met the children,” She began as she walked back toward him. “How did you find them?”  Tony only deliberated for half a second on how to reply, but some instinct told him that Frau Hogan would see through any pandering and would appreciate frankness much more.
It angered him, that he could not warn Willamina and the others of the family's intentions to desert the country and the subsequent loss of their livelihoods. He hoped he'd given them enough to tide them for a while. He was ashamed he couldn't do more.
Steve set down the file in his hands rising silently to join Bucky at the window. It was another moment before he spoke.
"This is a problem," he chuckled breathlessly, easing Steve back into the pillows despite himself, allowing him to draw Tony down over him with his insistent grip.
Tony's mouth tightened but he kept silent on that particular subject because he knew the battle would not be won with words. Not with how heavily emphasized a woman's role was in the BDM. Natacha was too smart not to know the consequences of rebellion. Maria on the other hand was still just five and still primarily concerned with dreams. Tony wouldn't have had it any other way.
“Baka was there to watch us. He could have gone out on a date of his own; instead he found me under the bed and told me that if I never came out, I’d grow a hunchback. How was I going to grow up to be a
The walk was tense and awkward while Khalmmer chatted away and Steve mostly failed to come up with satisfactory replies and then finally, mercifully, they announced the start of supper and people started shifting toward the dining room to be seated. Dinner itself was a gut clenching affair. Steve had stared down at his trout, drowned in butter sauce, and trying not to commiserate too much with the creature as he contemplated the hook he wriggled on, wondering more and more if he’d suffocate before he could tear free.
Steve read the letter again, chuckling quietly as he reached the part where Stark allowed that it couldn’t be an hundred percent accurate equation as he would have had to get much closer to her for better data, and with the amount of hostility she was exhibiting he'd deemed it unsafe.
While Patriot and Nightcrawler remained tensely silent Rogue was the only one who seemed unconcerned when she saw him.
. He couldn’t breathe. He was unhinged with it, circling a dark drain down into something that felt like madness.
“My orders come directly from Hans Mayer. I can’t tell you anything else.”
“Oh wow.” He breathed in awe, changing is trajectory on a dime and making a beeline toward the boat, an eager hand reaching to touch. He glanced quickly back at Tony for reassurance. “Is this a racing boat?”
She tilted her head and Steve could tell she was reading the letter upside down and disproving.
“Is there something you’d like to share, Herr Stark?”
Curious, she went and stood beside him, greeting him with a practiced smile she knew hid any hint of her true feelings.
When Steve opened the door to the main suite he was immediately met with the sound of voices, floating in from the sitting room. It sounded as if Bucky had managed to end his business early today and the children were in fine spirits, shuffling and thumping about chattering about all the things they wanted to do. He heard Tony laugh, knew it was Tony even though Bucky’s voice had gone quiet, and his gut clenched with anticipation of seeing them all again. He quickened his step down the hallway, driven by some innate sense that seemed to say that a second longer not seeing them was too much.
“You’re dead,” he tried to say, but it all just sounded like the grinding of a rusted engine in his ears and Tony shushed him once more, taking advantage of his gaping mouth to press a spoonful of water to his lips and tilt it until the cool liquid poured over his tongue. Steve swallowed convulsively and winced in pain, triggering a coughing fit.
A jolt of irritation shot through Steve at the bold question and he fisted his hand.
"They're going to check your briefcase Stark." Bucky pointed out, impatience in the bark of his tone.
The woman had her hand held out toward him, her palm up.
“My apologies, I couldn’t find my favorite tie. Shall we find a seat gentleman?”
“Yes, Antony. You can't forget the puppets.”
Harold was quick to step forward and assist the woman with her door, his expression more somber than Tony had ever seen it. He decided he didn’t like it. He much preferred Hogan’s usual jovial attitude and easy nature.
Natacha slid her arms around his back and held on for dear life, chest heaving as she dragged in deep breaths, willing herself to stop crying. And Bucky just held her and let her breathe, quiet falling over the room. Slowly her tears dried, and her heart slowed.
"I'm sorry I can't disappoint you. They've set the execution date."
“It is more secure than a phone line. We can’t exactly expect to make international calls without drawing attention to ourselves. The post is the best option, but I agree, we can’t afford to expose ourselves if our correspondence were to come under suspicion.”
“Do you think they’ll send us to a farm like Anna’s?” Ian asked from the rug in front of the fire where he and Péter were sat playing a game of chess. “I wouldn’t mind that. Though, I think Artur will be jealous when we tell him.”
As soon as the butler had closed the door behind him with a near slam, the housekeeper turned her intense gaze back to Dvorak and Dr. Fischer.
“Who’s Captain Ahab?” Artur pouted his lip, but accepted the exchange.
Natacha’s hands began to sweat but she concentrated deeply and they did not shake as she lowered her bread back to her plate.
The Chief doctor gestured sharply toward the door which was opening once more as more injured trickled in, quickly sinking the medical ward into true chaos. Chaos that was meant to give them time to slink away unnoticed.
“He’s seen the radio?” Péter asked hesitantly, looking up again for the first time and Tony nodded. Looking hopefully toward Stefen the boy asked haltingly. "What do you think?"
“No.” Artur cried next. It was little more than a croak but it might as well have been a shout for the way Bucky flinched. A moment passed before he turned his head away from the door, finally looking at them. He gestured stiffly, motioning for them to come to him, and the two boys shuffled towards him, the others trickling after like shadows.
"The room is sound proofed.” Tony reminded him, grinning as Stefen's hips bucked involuntarily as he squeezed his hand around his cock and began to stroke. Tony held him in place with one hand while the other continued to stroke. Pressed this close he could watch the way Stefen’s pupils swallowed the blue of his eye as shudder after shudder rolled through his body, pleasure mounting.  He was too beautiful like this, falling apart in Tony’s hands. All that strength held at bay by a single hand upon his hip, letting Tony set the pace however he liked.
"Herr Osborn didn’t either."
“How much later?” Artur pouted, expression dubious.
Some were written in German. But many were in other languages, unreadable to Steve but he suspected they carried the same message.
“The file we saw in the New Jersey. His parents and Bucky. You should tell him before everything’s too late.”
The figure with a white gown, must be a doctor, Steve’s mind supplied that, approached him and injected something in his arm. He was sniffling, begging for the pain to stop and still calling out for Bucky as the pain dwindled.
“With all tech knowledge to back up that statement, I’m impressed that your guess is close to what’s happening to Mark VII,” of course, whom was Steve talking to besides the man with sarcasm dripping with each word?
He could feel Tony’s body stiffen, then he shifted and snorted. “Yeah, I know who my dad is, Cap. No need to worry that I can’t remember him.” He sounded so casually, but Steve was overwhelmed by the missing beat in words. Tony was tensed. It was the first time they talked about Tony’s parent since Siberia. The memory that left Steve’s mouth with bitterness. He wanted to make it right.
The last word is cut off with a hug as Steve threw himself into the man. Tony stumbled and almost lost the grip of his briefcase contained the tesseract inside. “hey, why did you—”
“Don’t be silly,” she said, putting down the glass and walked away from him to the elevator. “I need to collect all the weapons for Tony anyway. See you downstairs.”
He was just bursting to himself, mostly. The pain hadn’t gone away and he always knew it never faded for the rest of his life.
She caught him off guard; either Steve was so easy to read or she became so close to him that she could only read his thoughts was a bit terrifying.
Natasha turned to look at him straight into the eyes. “It’ll be better for him to have the distance for all of this.”
Tony scoffed, his eyes focusing on the screen and laptop while talking to, “he has nowhere to be found.”
Tony came to the party two hours late in the Armani suit, as he’d said: tangled up with the SI work to be done, and no one blamed him after he mingled with everyone and easily became the center of the party (besides Thor, whose moods were lifted up by Asgardian alcohol, that Steve assumed contains a lot of Ethanol). He told jokes, flirted with both males and females, flirted with Pepper, which made the other roll eyes fondly at him, and also smiled a lot.
Steve groaned at that, “a month, Nat. The doctor said I can be back from a month.”
It was uncomfortable, yet amusing seeing Tony Stark could frigid. His shoulders, the jaws’ muscles were tensed up. His posture was totally a mess. His brown eyes were searching all over the room but Steve. It was too difficult to behold the rarest occasion and Steve was drinking in it.
Well, he tried.
Except that he didn’t so all those things with Steve, or came to him, or even laid an eye on him.
Steve was required to take the physical therapy sessions, so Tony didn’t stay with him all the time as the past few weeks. He was also able to do some basic exercises, and certain that he could be back on duty in no time.
“Are you alright?”
Tony looked so sheepishly taken aback. But for Steve, even lying about the reasons to expect something from the man, he realized that he had just said the sincerest confession about Tony in front of the man himself, with all the fuss and the mess he had made, Steve felt embarrassed at himself.
“Feel free to leave anytime,” Steve said. He was mildly aware of his helplessness that it certainly caused a lot of discomfort to his friend, even then; he was surprised that Sam was so patient with keeping him company for so long, despite their short-term friendship.
Natasha observed his movements, but for some reasons, decided not to push her agenda more than that. They had breakfast in comfortable silence, as Steve’s mind was whirling like the nearly broken machine.
Tony was literally vibrating something like a panic attack, but he managed to say, “that can’t do. The Bird Man would totally kick my ass if I leave off the duty. He had me promised to spoon feed you all the snacks. With serum, you have pretty fast metabolism. He said you can swallow a chunk of chocolate without getting fat. And I plan to make a bet against it, tasting the limits. For science.”
The first time was the Homecoming (named by Clint, who ridiculously cooed over the idea that they become F.R.I.E.N.D.S., and he wants be Jennifer Aniston, whose name Steve hadn’t dared to ask for the reference out of being made fun of, as the pop culture inept that he was), when all of them gathered in the living room, picked an action movie (with a time traveling robot started to kill a female protagonist, Steve only registered the fact that he had seen a naked man on screen for the first time, so he couldn’t remember the plot, let alone all the weird dialogues in the modern day life), ordered a lot of beer and pizza, also played Mario Kart and some silly so called ‘college game era’ when Clint, Thor and Tony challenged one another to throw some snacks right into the other’s mouth.
Lying in the small hospital bed together was far from perfect when it came to making out, but they managed. Tony squirmed while Steve was moving to kiss his jaw, down to his neck. “God, Steve.” The man was exasperated. His voice was unsteady, and sounded out of breath, but he didn’t tell Steve to stop.
Natasha smiled when she saw a look on his face. “I can tell that you have a never-ending fight with yourself right now.”
. Steve’s mind was racing and his body, even with the air-condition in the military base’s clodeness, was sweating with nervousness and excitement. He waited until the woman in the same ride as him went away, so that he could walk onto the Science Department floor to steal some of Hank Pym’s particles. It was an easy mission. The infiltrate which he was so used to since World War II, so his body was acting intuitively. Without even thinking, Steve sneaked into Pym’s lab and stole some miraculous god-giving particles and brought them more than necessary, because god knows when they needed those ones again.
Something shifted between them. The tension before the mission in DC had been frizzled out. Tony didn’t bring back the old issue, and Steve didn’t press it, as they were drifting and floating in the bubbled area; in the square white room, barren from all personal belongings and detached from the reality.
Goddamn it, but what did he expect?
Natasha handed him her weapons and Tony, as usual, bragged about all the updates he’d been planning for her with all technical terms. Steve was lingering behind Natasha and took a look at the scattered armors parts, the Chitauri’s weapons which Tony managed to dissect them after the scenes, and Iron Man suit hanging in the middle of the workshop in the process of maintenance.
He hadn’t seen Tony for two weeks, as the man had said about the business trip, so Steve tried his best not to impose about Tony upon Natasha, to ask her how’s he doing and tried to stop worrying about him, while he couldn’t do nothing about it.
But he decided to let it go, again. “Good. Thanks, Tony.”
That night Steve had a series of nightmares. Most of them were about drowning and sinking, mixed with guilt about Bucky, whom he couldn’t save, even he tried the hardest. The man disappeared into the darkness. It was his fault; letting go of Bucky on the train, watching him scream in shock, looking into his eyes and only saw the betrayal in the reflection. The man had been suffering because of him. In the dreams, Bucky screamed in pain, as he was cursing Steve with the most despicable words he’s ever hard, spitting on his face, calling out his name. ‘After all I’ve done to you, you still betrayed me, Stevie. How could you?’
, Steve wanted to cry.
“You think Bucky would go there?” Steve asked.
“I thought that you just kissed me to deflect the nightmares you’ve been going through,” Steve lied.
“Hydra would’ve had him by now,”
sound warned him as the door swirled open. Steve braced himself and stepped outside. The basement was dark and cold. The area was supposed to be the most top secret for SHIELD. Steve was concerned with Tony’s MIT visiting card whether it would be allowed to access this area, but no matter how vague and sudden their insane plan was, he had no doubt but to follow Tony’s plan by heart.
Steve changed the directions abruptly. With the mission’s targets safely tucked into his shirt pockets, his body finally synced with his mind. He almost ran to the elevator; his fingers were trembling as he pressed the button: the basement of SHIELD, where Tony was heading.
Steve wanted to beg desperately. It’s the first time in seven years,
Tony’s body arched so beautifully. His hips bent and thrust into Steve’s hand. Each time Steve reached the base of his cock, Tony’s shoulders slumped as if he was about to melt into his firm hand or even collapse onto the floor. Though his body was so perfect and so welcoming to his touching, Steve could feel that Tony didn’t want to make a sound and resisted to do so. He was breathing hard, making a soft whimper once but didn’t let out a whine or even say Steve’s name. It was so different from Tony whom he used to hear the constant moan and plead, loud and clear –
Steve knew he lied, but he was certain that Sam was too reliable to cause any harm. They changed the subject. Sam asked his about the plan after the discharge and Steve, without hesitation, told him that he must find Bucky.
But all he could do was taking an action. He decided to face the fear, rather than to be left out or ignored by Tony as some unjust punishment. He wouldn’t tolerate with that.
Steve looked at Tony, stood still and was so dumbfounded. Even though the answer was clear but something wasn’t right. His brain was searching wildly, trying to detect some fallacy in the excuse, as if his gut feelings knew it was an excuse, not the truth.
One night, Steve heard Tony making a strangled noise in the dark at late night on the sofa. He knew the other had been suffering from nightmares. The man was groaning, while his body continued jerking. Tony was shivering as if he was cold, but Steve could see he was sweating all over.
Their kiss, that Steve had dreamed and yearned for such a long time was worth everything his life waiting for. It wasn’t perfect though, because of their self-consciousness. Steve was aware that his strength would hurt Tony and made him stop, and Tony was slow, delayed to initiate because he was so afraid. But Steve knew more than that. They both knew the affair wouldn’t last long, and they feared it would end too soon to make an amend for everything they did to each other.
After almost four months under the radar, Steve was about to arrive in Romania, where he’d heard from Sharon, was the last location CIA had spotted someone looked like Bucky, when Natasha got the call from Fury.
Steve didn’t ask Tony about the reasons, even if he could. For now he was just glad that Tony was there with him.
“And just to be clear,” Steve was rubbing his hand on Tony’s goatee, his eyes dancing with amusement. “Bucky isn’t my boyfriend.”
Tony’s gaze was hard and now it fixed on his face, “catch me off guard? I hardly flinch with your manly presence, if that’s what you’re concerned. Now leave me alone.”
“You know, after Bucky pulled you out of the water. We couldn’t have found you. We thought you had been drowning so we were focused on the river for a while, until Stark gave us the GPS. Then we could see you lying on the bank, bleeding to death with all broken limps and the bullet holes. It’s the matter of time that you might be dead, and we wouldn’t have found you in time.”
Steve was sitting sitting there in the bizarre moment, and realized that it was his first kiss since 1942.
From time to time, Steve had Natasha looked after him (more like glaring at him with the murderous smile), but she couldn’t stay long. Her secret spy identity was blown up. Her face was all over the news, as much as she was brilliant at being in the stealth mode, she was being tracked down and followed by all the press.
Steve knew that Tony was still awake in his workshop, tinkering his armors after the status quo in the hospital with Steve, or maybe writing codes or hacking the Russian satellites, (“Go to sleep, Cap. Let the professional handles this,” the man shooed him after Steve offered to help and brought him coffee). Thinking about Tony doing all of this, even it was Superheroes’ business, was the fondest memories he decided to ingrain in his mind forever.
him right now. Steve wanted to worship him, to have him acknowledged this act of Steve’s selfishness was for Tony and he was the only one who could make Steve do something so insane and called himself delusional madman.
Steve nodded, brushing off some old hard feelings and followed Tony, as he would always do.
“Exactly,” Tony was typing quickly and some locations popped up, most of them are in Eastern Europe. “Natasha sent me these locations and I’m doing some researches; checking up whether all these places smell like Hydra’s piss. We would pinpoint some two or three places in a couple weeks.”
“Well, the SHIELD suit I’ve designed for you has GPS installation. I thought I would still keep tracks on you, Fury’s order.” Tony frigid. “But you changed into the old one to the last mission. At first I thought I was losing you during the flight. On the herricarrier with Bucky, I mean—”
Steve was silent, but his mind was whirling. “He must have visited New Jersey, but couldn’t find anything. So, he’s out of the country by now.”
Steve left without telling him. He caught the first flight to DC to stay in Sam’s place. He hadn’t checked the phone until he landed. The first text he’d got was from Natasha.
Steve was anything but a coward. He knew Tony had been avoiding him, and knew that it was so childish but reasonable reflex after that awkward night. Still, it had worried him for weeks because A) if Tony had neither acted normally, nor treated it like a joke (or a cruel joke to taste the limit of Steve’s outdated gender’s view, who knows), it would have been much easier to clear the air between them and B) it was a worrying sign to something going on inside Tony’s head, something Steve hadn’t dared to ask.
“um, thank you, I guess.” Tony touched his neck, looking nervous. He looked smaller; a little bit younger. Steve could’ve sworn it almost looked like Tony was blushing as well.
Tony looked up from the screen to smiled at him and Steve’s stomach flipped. The smile on Tony’s face was beautiful and full of hope.
Tony scoffed, “I own you, Cap. But it would be nice for you to yell at me less, when the next time I’m risking my life for the mission.”
Steve didn’t answer immediately, but he stepped back, looking into Tony’s eyes. Tony’s eyebrows quirked up with questions and amusement, his lips curled up into a smile, lopsided and full of wits as the same old Tony he’s known for a long time. He was so full of life, forgiveness and second chance. Tony was relaxed around him and hugging Steve back, embracing him into his life again.
“I panicked. I used the satellites to search for the life signal, but with all the casualties and bodies I wouldn’t be able to identify you immediately. It took me long enough to find you, and Natasha.”
“Then why didn’t you just tell me instead of avoiding me for weeks?”
Tony didn’t seem to flinch when Steve noted that Iron Man was in the status quo, waiting to be repaired, and after all the weeks passed by, Tony hadn’t have the suit repaired; all the scratches, broken parts, and the scarred mask were still here, reminding of what had happened to Iron Man, and to the man inside that suit.
Then Steve asked, “how could you find me when I was in the river?”
Since they moved into the tower, Steve had seen him only for three times.
“Hey!” The man made an accused face. “Don’t give me any of your sass. I’m the one who can legitimately make a snarky comment.”
I’m going to tell him. He texted Natasha that night. As he was holding a phone in his hand, he started to write a letter to Tony. He finished it at 2 am. in morning and started to pack some necessaries into the bag. He texted Sam to tell what he’s going to do, that he needs some place to crash in.
The second time was two weeks after the Homecoming. The avengers were split into small teams in order to help SHIELD agents and the government clean up the city, and cover up the media with the seemingly reliable narrative of what had happened with alien’s invasion in the center of New York and God of Mischief materialized into a real person. Steve paired up with Natasha (he slipped into calling her Nat, like he always used to call Bucky with a nickname, Buck, and she didn’t seem to mind.) They’d been working to corporate with SHIELD agents for the media press and attended the public meeting. But Steve was the one who appeared on all the overages for weeks.
“Hey, Cap.”
In the vicinity, Steve felt Tony shifting from the sofa. His body was tensed when he felt Tony eyeing on him. He imagined Tony’s eyes staring at his back, and his body shivered but he didn’t turn back.
Steve woke up and felt his throat was constricted. He felt it was dry and sored, badly. His back was wet from the sweating and his limbs looked like they were glued with the bed. He was unable to move. He tried to get out of bed, then felt his right hand was squeezed, holding him back.
Tony turned to leave as he saw Steve nearly ran to his direction, “Steve, what the hell are you doin—”
“Hi, Steve, good to see your enjoy the night but I’m about to leave, so—” Tony was so frigid, his fingers started playing with his tie frantically. But Steve knew him well enough to ignore the excuses. He forced his voice to be calm and patient.
Natasha smiled. “I said he was a genius, but didn’t say he wasn’t an idiot.”
“I want to ask you about what happened that night.”
He’d thought it looked like a Stark ship the first time he’d seen it. He’d been struck even then by the realness of the waves, the rawness in the artists brush strokes and the attention to details that could only be captured by someone who had walked those decks and seen the sun touch the water in just that way.
“When the boy returned home with the snake and told his mother what he had done she was not angry, she was proud that he was not cruel like those other children and brave enough to stand up to them. They put the snake in a jar and fed it whatever they ate, though they had little to spare and the snake grew and grew until it out grew its jar. So they put it in a barrel but soon it outgrew even that. So they let it roam the house but soon it outgrew even
Every move they made was watched and Steve did not put it above Striker to intervene if word got out too early that Steve was planning on sending the children abroad.
Steve shuddered. He’d been so close.
He was also decided.
He leaned down and offered Steve a hand to help him up, which Steve took.
Stefen’s lips curled slightly upward, smile more in his eyes than not, as he leaned to kiss the crown of Tony’s head. Tony could have left things there, should have maybe, but since when was he any good at doing what he should do?
Soberly Tony glanced from one child to the next, being sure to meet each eye as he said, “In light of what you’ve given me the opportunity to learn about myself I’d like, going forward, for this classroom to be a place where you are safe to educate your minds without fear. I’d also like it to be a place where you do not have to fear educating me. In fact, I hope you come to relish it. Now… is there anything at all you’d like to ask?”
Stefen had gone rigid against her, every inch of his body radiating tension next to hers. It was enough to still whatever pleasantries Charlotte might have offered to the conversation. She watched warily as the two men continued their interaction, keen to jump in if necessary.
“Like wolf packs.” Bruce muttered.
Tony’s eyes narrow, and he steps back into Steve’s space. He is very close to Steve now, their faces inches apart. “Damn Steve, you okay? Your pupils are blown.”
Tony blinked away the sudden burn in his eyes, "I love you, kiddo."
This, he thinks, is why people believed scent marking an Omega’s neck was a private thing only to be indulged between mates. Tony and Steve are good friends, best friends in fact, Steve thinks. Ever since the entities of Iron Man and Tony Stark became one, Steve feels like Tony’s importance in his life doubled.
Steve huffed in annoyance, “My point is, maybe, we could try it out between us?” He felt embarrassed now that he had said it and of course Tony noticed.
Steve swallowed, and then slowly nodded. “I would like that. I would like to know you.”
"I wanted to thank you for treating me." He informed, sweeping a hand through his hair. "I was told that the possibility of infection would have been greater had I waited longer."
Steve’s brows are concentrated, but they laxen with surprise as Tony changes the momentum of his leg, and uses his foot to hook under Steve’s block, executing a sharp jab into his clavicle. Steve winces as the hit makes him lose his footing for less than a second. Steve is quick to recover, but Tony has kept that in mind from the moment he agreed to the friendly spar with his super serumed boyfriend. If he wants a chance at winning a point, he’ll have to end this soon. So his sharp glance catches the falter in Steve’s step, and he moves fluidly with him, this time aiming for Steve’s unstable footing with a low kick in a carefully calculated move.
Tony laughed until his whole body shook with it. He laughed from the top of his head to the tips of his toes. His tail snuck out to curl around Steve’s ankle.
"He's an amazing kid. Did you know he can accurately predict the scores per inning?" Steve bragged and Tony's mouth quirked.
“Ah.”
, if Pepper was to be believed, frowned at him. Tony was delirious. Possibly fictional Captain America was disappointed with him? Maybe there was something to this illusion after all. He did wear his insecurities for everyone to see. He was surprised no one had attempted this before.
After Sana took their plates away and Tony had paid their bill, Steve waited for Tony at the entryway as he bid his goodbyes. Sana threw Steve a cheerful wave, and then Tony took Steve's hand in his and walked him out the door.
“I’ll treat you right, darling.” Tony murmured to him, “I’ll be the best you’ll ever have.” He continued fucking into Steve, alternating between long thrusts where he pulled out almost completely before pushing back into the slick mess between Steve’s legs and short ones where he ground against that one spot inside Steve that made him want to scream. The squelching sounds mortified Steve, he was so fucking wet that Tony was fucking into him with least resistance.
Tony and Péter took the train to Salzburg and then a bus from the station, headed out into the countryside. It was after sunset and the middle of the week, not a high time for the local population to be going in and out of the city.  Which meant that Tony and Péter had most of the bus to themselves after they'd left the villages surrounding the city proper. They were both anxious to speak to one another but didn't dare risk it until the back of the bus had emptied, leaving just one sleeping man at the front and a woman engrossed in a book near the middle.
Outside the door he took a deep breath. Thinking to himself that this was the moment of truth. There was a slight margin for error in the measurements but only slight. Too much difference and he risked damaging the lock or getting the damn key stuck, and he’d have a hard time explaining that one! Despite his fears, the key slid inside the lock seamlessly and turned with only slight resistance. Tony breathed a sigh of relief as the levers shifted with a few graceful turns and the door creaked open.
“Give us the key.” He echoed Tony’s demand, jutting out his chin and clenching his teeth instead of giving in to the urge to skitter backwards again when Nik glared at him.
! Remember what I said, I’ll only be escorting well behaved children to Vienna. All I see before me is a rabble of sweaty chickens. Go wash for lessons.”
With Tony so close he dared not say anything so he just grit his teeth and nodded, body humming with tension. He watched as Susann took charge, taking suggestions and then making her own, giving each child attention and focus, and took Tony’s shameless flirting in stride.
~*~~*~
Bucky saw the moment the idea seemed to catch and take hold inside the other man and grit his teeth. It was risky to even bring it up, but Bucky was certain Dvorak would have gotten there on his own eventually and he needed to dissuade him from that path while he still had a chance.
“Natacha was wrong. You know that, right bambino? Ian loves you.” Tony murmured tiredly, resuming his stroking of James’ head. “He’s not showing it well now, but you hurt him.”
“I wasn't aware you’d been to leopoldstadt recently. James hadn’t mentioned it.” she said, giving him a tight-lipped smile. “It’ll all be reorganized and redone now I suppose.”
“We need paint. Do you know how to make paint Tony?” James asked as soon as he could unstick his mouth to get the words out.
Steve had meant to keep his cool, but once he’d begun to speak the words had hissed out of him like tightly compressed air. All the anger boiling to the surface. Tony stared back at him, the slight widening of his eyes the only hint of emotion he allowed on his face. Was it shock? Fear? Steve had no idea and that just made him angrier.
“I want you all to be able to stay here and continue on just as you are. Bucky will be leaving for a little bit but he’ll be in and out to check on you all. Herr Stark has agreed to be responsible for the children. I’ll be leaving word with the magistrate so there should be no issue, but he will need assistance from all of you.”
The first guests had started to arrive for the party that Baroness Schrader kept telling them was supposed to be fun. But the only person who seemed to be in a good mood for it was Herr Hammer, who had been whistling since he'd shown up at lunchtime with the rest of the staff.
At first glance Tony's first thought was that it was Maria, his heart twisted painfully at the state of her, but when he called her name and stepped toward her, the girl looked up at him with unfamiliar eyes that peered wildly out at him through a curtain of dark hair.
A troubling growl rumbled in Bucky’s throat and Steve gripped his arm, shaking his head in warning. Now was not the time. Thor thankfully seemed to agree, waving away his brother’s warning and turning from the window with a prowl in his step, like a lion on the hunt.
Stark liked the children and the children liked him. Because somehow despite stripping away the rules and structure that Stefen used to govern their lives, the children (for the most part) remained well behaved as well as respectful. Even James.
Prince Loki was neither swayed no impressed by his brothers show of temper, keeping still and aloof. A sharp contrast to Thor’s impatient prowl across the room.
I’m sorry for this nightmare that we’ve given you.” Bucky lamented, fisting his hands before he pushed away from the car. Something seemed to have come over him. Some certainty of purpose because as he marched toward her she straightened like a soldier at attention, ready for what was to come.
Ian should have stayed, at least to comfort Maria but, but he didn't want to. He didn’t know what that meant.
Tony had wondered that very morning - as he’d scrapped his cheeks with the dull razor he'd been lucky enough to borrow from one of the laymen who worked the kitchen, thinking on the dust smudged glass and the grey brittle bones of some long dead man whose name had almost nearly faded from the plaque on the front of his glass coffin - if anyone would bother to collect his bones when he died. Grimacing, he’d hoped he would be lain to rest somewhere by the loving hand of some fond friend or lover, and not set to display like the poor bastards in the abbey chapel. Here lies St. Antony of Pola, a fool for love.
"Let's bring him in. The Abwehr is very interested in hearing from this witness." Agent Neuman was saying.
The way she was blinking at him now, painfully young and tender told him he was on the right track.
“No.” Steve answered tersely, anger simmering deep in his chest. There were a lot of things he would have gladly said to Captain Altera in that moment, but he bit his tongue. “He says after Pisani came out of the pub, that he was approached by a woman.”
“Doctor. It’s so good you’ve come. Please, there isn’t a moment to lose.”
If they stayed on the mountain, they wouldn’t make it. Tony knew, with a creeping feeling of certainty that even if they were extremely careful on their outdoor excursions, that the refuge the cabin had provided them had started to expire the moment they were forced to seek out their neighbors for help.
"Damn Stevie, can't be gone for five minutes without you finding trouble," he grunted out as Harold shifted Steve's weight until Bucky was holding up the bulk of his larger frame. Apparently, Julia had gone to the garden to tell him of Bucky's return, and she'd become alarmed when he didn't seem able to understand what she was saying. His strange behavior had frightened her but it was when he nearly passed out from dizziness right there in the snow that she'd run to get help.
“You were singing Herr Stark.” she mumbled.
life, and find sanctuary in America. He would live comfortably with his children while other people's babies died.
“Péter and I developed his pictures. There were a few on the roll already before you gifted it to him. I thought you should have it.” Tony shifted somewhat nervously on his knees, feeling unusually bashful about the whole thing, but that didn’t stop him being honest and saying what he said next.
“I wouldn’t know what to do with them. They’re only kids. It’s what to do when they’re adults. Do you think-”
“Don’t pester, James, and Kolo is a dance.” Stark over by the piano plinked out some boisterous chords that made Sara clap with delight. He glanced curiously at Bucky. “It’s popular in the Balkans. The captain mentioned you grew up in Poland?”
The finality in his voice was sobering, reminding Tony of all his reservations. Something was happening here. But what?
The pressure against his lips was hot, the demanding push of Stefen’s tongue against them even hotter. Stefen’s hand had dragged up the side of his hip and slipped under his vest to yank impatiently at his shirt and Tony had the frantic thought that they should maneuver closer to the couch when Stefen’s slick tongue thrust boldly inside his mouth and scattered his thoughts.
Steve crashed to the ground and Bucky went down with him, banging elbows and shins as Steve rolled beneath him and grappled for leverage. Bucky avoided his grasping and clutching hands and rolled them again until he had Steve pinned beneath him. The howling in his head was just getting louder – the jangle of coins as they slammed together and voices screaming for him to stop – but he couldn't stop. He wouldn't, not until Steve took it back! Back to him and Stevie knowing each other inside and out. Back to their familla: his mother, his father, Rachol and the girls, the uncles, the aunts… all of them alive! None of them rotting in stinking holes in the ground like gadjo muck! Like they trash were trash.
Bucky was still speaking.
Stefen however, did not appear to even need to think about it, responding with a dry drawl and a mischievous twinkle in his eye that Tony was suddenly aching to see more of, and despairing over the loss (it wasn’t to be).
Steve hadn't known. There’d been very little talk. It must have been a hasty move indeed. He couldn't help but wonder what happened to the man who had held the position before.
Tony was in an unprecedented predicament.
~*~~*~*~
“Eat your breakfast first, Artur.” He finally said, quietly but with no less authority.
Charlotte laughed a little and Steve felt his face heat.
Pola, Italy.
Tony let out an irritated breath.
“Who?” Magda asked with a frown, reaching for one of the long rakes they used to spread the dung and animal feed. One never could be too careful where drifters were concerned.
“For this.” His fingers had drifted to his pocket. “They have no proof, but they wanted their message to take.”
Also, due to computer loss and working off an outdated set of notes several details (mainly some points in geography, physical descriptions, and the children's ages) got muddied in the last chapter. We've corrected them, but thought we'd give a heads up. You're not crazy.
Don’t hurt her. Don’t hurt
“And children, if you believe nothing else I teach you, believe that all men should be questioned. Gustav Wyneken believed that. He also believed that true learning could only be done in a place where students were free to arouse their passions, where educators felt free to indulge those passions – morally and carefully, despite accusations to the contrary - in a search for higher understanding of ourselves and our surroundings.” Tony explained to them as he moved behind the piano to take his seat at the bench.
