“Sorry to interrupt. Luckily, you’ll be spending a lot of quality time with one specific creature. We’re having ribs and baked beans for dinner,” Dean says. “You coming?”
“Know what?” Dean snaps. He feels like he is being laughed at from behind a closed door. “What feelings? Mine?”
They just look at each other for a second. Two old men in young men's bodies, in a time that wasn’t supposed to be theirs. Dean should’ve been married by now, working hard on a farm in Kansas. Cas should’ve-
“Hey Cas,” he hears Dean say next to him. He is eternally grateful that his brain has perfectly matched Dean’s cadence too. He’s glad for that because he doesn’t want the last thing he hears of Dean to be him saying his name in despair. If he turns, he bets he’ll see Dean wearing that waist apron and his dirty towel, smiling like he does. He wonders if his memory can construct an image of Cas kissing him.
“Perhaps,” Cas says. Dean watches Cas watch the club, and decides to try this whole “being brave” thing out.
See, it’s not fair to get mad at Cas for not returning his feelings. It’s probably weird for him, like watching a bug love a fish. It’s so inconsequential it’s almost laughable. He does his deep breaths. He lets go of his little cold pearl of anger. The car smells like Cas’ cologne.
He might still. There might be a limit to this happiness. If there is, he wants to find it. Let him die and know that he died because there was no other choice, that he died finally in a way he wants. With Dean by his side. With people he loves around him. He stares at each of them and feels immense gratitude that they’ve returned to him, feeling almost like he has been forgiven.
“Here you go. Tell me if the visit goes well,” Ellie says, smiling. One of her teeth is silver, her left upper incisor. It gleams in the shaky fluorescents of the meat shop.
“You would have to be careful,” Cas muses. “There’s a blue-green cyanobacteria that blooms in the water here.” He spares a glance at Dean. “Very toxic. Kills many dogs.”
“It’s just those girls,” Dean says, voice raspy, not meeting Castiel’s eyes. He is trying to communicate something important without words. “They saw their dad. Like
“Hey, buddy,” Dean says, like he’s trying to talk someone out of defusing a bomb. “What are you doing?”
“Let’s make some better memories, huh?” Dean says, mouth firm. Dean wants to put all of his love and care into that shoulder pat, but he is just a man, and a shoulder pat is just a shoulder pat.
Cas comes back with two pairs of brightly colored shoes in his hands, offering the ones with the fluorescent green zig-zag detailing to Dean and keeping the ones with orange polka dots for himself. Dean flicks his eyes from the outstretched shoes to Cas’ very serious expression.
“Ah, but that’s a rite of passage, no?” Ellie says, smiling. She weighs out a full three pounds on the scale and takes a bone off, searching for the change in weight. “Gotta embarrass or be embarrassed, that’s what my grandfather always said.”
I know my own car, Cas,” Dean says. Cas’ eyes are covered by the cheap sunglasses, but he can feel the glare already. Cas then slings his arm across the back of Dean’s seat and looks over his shoulder as he maneuvers the car carefully into the spot.
Pop in. Do the job, save the girl. Leave again. There will always be that inevitable goodbye with him. Dean had thought that that might change with Jack, but Cas is around even less now since Jack was brought back to life, if that’s even possible.
He kinda wants Cas to back up and find an alley somewhere, but they’re meeting Jack and Sam and Eileen here, and they’re already ten minutes late.
“I see,” Cas hums. “I’m sure the reality is a little different.” He does a Dean-smile, the one he does only at him. Amused, kinda. Happy. Dean has this exact smile imprinted in a space in his chest, where he opens it and stares at it, and puts it away.
“What did you look like?” Dean asks. He’s always wondered. He thinks of plain Cas but ten miles tall. He thinks of a giant shambling monster that would cradle Dean in his wings, or a giant eye that has oscillating rings that make sounds like choral music.
“Me neither,” Castiel says simply. Dean leans forward to rest his sticky mouth on Castiel’s cheek, and then breaks away like he can’t bear it. Castiel is barely conscious, and he further sways into Dean’s arms. He is confident Dean can hold his weight.
“Not fair,” Dean says, vaguely aware he sounds like a toddler. Cas nods, turning the page of the recipe.
“We’re in a gazebo, dude. The only thing that could really kill us here are rabid Pinterest moms,” Dean says. Cas relaxes incrementally next to him, kneading his hands like he’s working the blood back into them. “You’re good.”
“Yes,” Cas says as he looks down at himself, at the apron Dean got him and the oily handprints on his shirt from Dean’s corn fritter preparations. “I suppose it is.”
Dean is trying valiantly to keep the conversation going in the same direction when Cas wordlessly gets up and offers Dean a hand. Dean takes it, deflating. Next time he’ll say it, and it’ll have all the gentleness that doesn’t come easy to him. He’s sure of it.
“Yeah, of course, buddy,” Dean says, moving off to the side of the bed. “Is it, uh. Is it something bad?”
Dean and Sam worked at various bars and butchers as Castiel trained as a bookseller as they got older, and they all lived in a small apartment near Castiel’s father’s church, and they were, by all intents and purposes, content. The asset tries and remembers these days, but all he gets is the sense memory of a hot and humid day - Sam’s high, sparkling laugh, Dean's green eyes and his wide, unconscious smile. He remembers how that smile made him feel. He swallows and keeps reading.
They sit there, their heads leaned together for what feels like hours. Just two men and the world slowly erasing every atom of them.
Cas leaves first, and Dean scrambles after him. The wind when he opens the door is warm, and there is a muted buzz from the cicadas in the trees. Dean goes to sit on Baby’s hood and leans hard against it, the metal warm on his back. Cas joins him hesitantly, leaning awkwardly over the wheel well.
A deal concerning his happiest moment is so far from his consciousness that it’s like a deal concerning him turning into a dinosaur. Simply impossible. Not worth analyzing.
Dean leans close to Cas and whispers, “Is this a Western-themed bowling alley?” Cas ignores him, instead choosing to walk up to the front desk and converse with the teenage attendant very seriously. Dean is glad the conversation is out of his hands, because he’d have no idea what the hell he would even say.
He stumbles out of the apartment four minutes before HYDRA shows up and raids the whole building. He knows this because he watches from the street corner, enrapt at the effortless precision HYDRA officers use when planning to execute someone.
Once, Castiel Novak was on a mission in the dead of winter in 1945. He was once on a train dangling above the waters of the Danube, on a mission Dean and Sam had planned. Castiel Novak had felt himself growing more strange with the passing days, the quiet knowledge that his captors had stolen some essence of humanity from him and that he could not recover it no matter what he tried.
“Hi Kaia,” he says, his hand out for a wave. Kaia grins. Claire watches her out of the corner of her eye, smiling in a way that she would never admit to, not in a thousand years.
“I—,” Cas starts and stops. “There are a couple of other places I’ve always been curious about.” His long fingers drum on the leather seats,
Dean grimaces as the Impala slows and pulls a U-Turn right in the middle of the street. He slides into the door as the Impala turns haltingly into the other lane, and a Subaru honks at them as it speeds by, almost clipping the paint. Dean flips him the bird. Asshole.
They wait in silence for Dean to choke out whatever he’s going to say. There’s a soccer mom-type waiting behind them to grab a sheet cake, and she looks pissed at the interruption.
“Well, we have to tell both Claire and Kaia that Dean and I are… together. I don’t know how she’s going to react,” Cas sighs. Jack nods in sympathy. When he and Dean broke the news to Jack about their relationship, he was slightly confused, but ultimately accepted it with little fanfare. Sam’s reaction had decidedly more fanfare. “I am still in her father’s body, after all.”
He chops the red onions into thin rings. He forgets why Dean always has him chop them but remembers when his eyes start welling up. He sucks a breath through his teeth and wipes his eyes on his arm, holding it there for a second to let the itching in his eyes calm down. He breathes gently. All is dark.
“Yeah, well,” Dean says. He hesitates a second, scratching his denim-covered thigh. “Do you remember Cassie Robinson?”
“I know you think that,” Jody says, not unkindly. “But put yourself in her shoes, Cas. This is a big step, meeting the family. Even if her family is the possessed vessel of her dad and two random tall guys.” She turns to face out into the foyer, where Dean and Claire are sniping over barbecue utensils. “This is about as normal as this sort of thing will get for her.”
On Cas’ part, he had always loved Dean Winchester. He was never going to say it until he did. Then he died.
“A chicken with ten thighs would be humorous. But Dean,” Cas says, “I think I need to talk to you about something.”
He liked her well enough, he supposes. She and Dean had a lot in common; both willing to get dirty for a good cause, both with a sparkling dry wit. When they were in a room together, talking and joking and gazing at each other, you could almost see the sparks catching in the space between them, threatening to consume them both.
“Of course,” Cas says softly. He did like her, despite his childish jealousy. She was in the unenviable position of being Black, a woman, and a high-ranking official in a country that didn’t want her to be any of those things, and she was great at what she did. Castiel would’ve attended their wedding dressed to the nines with a smile on his face.
“You want to watch the movie,” Cas says, looking for confirmation. For some reason, Dean is terrified he’ll say no. Even though he knows for a fact that Cas isn’t doing much else. He nods.
A man with a shield appeared. He had green eyes. He had sandy-coloured hair. He had a chin so familiar it rocketed around Castiel Novak’s chest like it had every day since he was ten years old. He felt like this was the angel of death coming to take him home. He was grateful.
“I will be there,” Castiel says, his mouth overtaking his mind with his decision. Dean looks immeasurably relieved and in that moment, Castiel cannot find it in himself to berate his choices. His mind 一 always running, always cautious 一 is finally quiet. Jack and Sam round the corner a second later, obvious surprise on both of their faces at Castiel’s appearance.
in 1967,” Sam says, looking it over. Dean rubs some imaginary dust off the hood and smiles adoringly at the car, fresh from the SHIELD garages. Cas watches him from under his arm.
They had, just previously, been very, very close to one another. Close enough that Cas could feel the heat of Dean’s body on his neck, and in between his knees, and curled around his ankles.
“Then stay,” Dean whispers. God, Cas is making him say it. Out loud into the empty space between them.
“I’m fine. Thank you,” Cas hums. He pauses, and leans in a little bit, like it’s a secret. “Jack showed me how to make instant ramen last night.”
Cas snatches the bowl out of his hands and quickly walks to the other side of the kitchen to look at the cheesecake brownie recipe Sam printed out earlier. Dean gapes at Cas, who smiles back at him very, very slightly.
Before Dean can respond, the doctor comes in, eyes finally dry. Sam trails in after him, looking worried. Sam always looks worried. It’s a large part of his personality.
“I swear to you, Cas,” Dean says. He’s urgent with something, something loose jittering inside him. “We’ll beat him, and we’ll finally live our lives like we want. Hell, what did you think about that bar? From before?”
Castiel tries to hide his sigh, but he is unsuccessful. The man’s broad shoulders stiffen. He turns. His mask is covering his nose, the turn of his chin. But it is him.
“Although,” Dean repeats, waiting for the kicker. The door Cas keeps open for himself to leave him through.
“Hey Castiel. Hey Jack,” Kaia says in a quiet voice. Cas gives her a very solemn nod in hello, and she nods back sheepishly. Jack perks up next to Cas.
“Does anybody remember what the hell Kaia is allergic to?” Dean shouts into the room at large, his hands full of marinating short-rib. “Peanuts?”
Cas searches every inch of Dean’s face before chuckling breathlessly. “You don’t know,” Cas whispers to himself in amazement.
and he smiles wide when you ask him to help. And that night, you will kiss the love of your life on his forehead and on his nose and on his mouth, and when you dream, you dream of crust, and love, and peeling apples.
This sentence feels less real, less pressing when it’s said in the dark. Dean can make out the edge of Cas’ cheekbone, the side of his mouth. He swallows and swallows and swallows.
Dean thinks as Cas kisses him deeper and deeper, hand braced on the wall above them, breath heaving like a rolling boulder in his chest.
The first few conversations after Cas came back were stilted. Cas wouldn’t look at Dean and Dean couldn’t look away from Cas. There was an elephant in the room, and there still is; it just went from actively rampaging to sleeping in the corner, waking up every so often just to check how things are going, and then fall asleep again.
He shoves his hands in the pockets of his jacket and stares around. The other bowlers are far from what he expected. Instead of all older, crusty-looking guys, it’s a couple of teenagers, a group of moms, and a couple of couples on dates or something. Dean checks his watch. It’s 9:46PM on a Tuesday. It’s a school night, for Chrissakes.
Cas doesn’t know how many ways or languages he could say this, only that Dean would not believe him in any of them. So he makes it obvious he will stay. He puts his boots in Dean’s room, tucked up against the wall. He calls it “our home” to the librarians in the library, knowing Dean will hear it from a few shelves away. Sometimes he thinks if he were blindfolded and put in another state, he could find his way home from the sounds alone. He could hear the heartbeat of this place thrumming through his feet.
“Romantically, doofus. I’m in love with you.” Dean says, as soft as he can make it. He thinks he can hear as the elephant finally walks away to torture some other innocent souls.
Cas is already sitting down and yanking up his suit pants to edge off his boots when Dean gets there. Cas has pretty ripped legs for someone who doesn’t really exercise. Unless he does, Dean thinks, watching Cas’ calves flex. Maybe that’s where he goes when he disappears, to Crossfit or Soulcycle or whatever new thing he's read about on the mommy blogs.
“You have time to,” Dean says, fervently. Castiel has smudges of wet patches of blood drying stickily all over his neck from Dean's nose. “Chuck’s gone, by the way. Sam and Billie got him. Jack helped.”
“Sure were. Full-blown hedonist too. Popped pills, orgies, the whole works. You were wearing a shirt that looked like it fell off the business end of a Cabela’s,” Dean chuckles. “You hated me. I was a jerk though. I would’ve hated me too.”
“I hate knowing people think I would do something to them,” Sam said, and he hunched his shoulders up as he looked around behind Cas’ head. He looks smaller that way, Cas mused. Like a teenage boy waiting to be punished.
“Dean,” Cas says. Dean looks at him and sees the whites of Cas’ eyes, like a spooked horse. “I promise you that that couldn’t be further from the truth.”
You see, HYDRA accounted for every scenario in their programming when destroying Castiel Novak. They had scenarios in which Dean Winchester said he loved him like a brother, that he wanted him in his life, that he forgave him and he wanted him to defect. That Winchester wanted to kiss him, fuck him, hold him. Those triggers are easy to implant.
“Krispy Kremes. I was running late, hoped you fellas wouldn’t mind. We figured there would be very little vegetables at this table, so Kaia made fried buffalo cauliflower,” Jody says, handing her box of donuts to Cas, who accepts them solemnly and places them on the kitchen counter. “I also brought wine.”
“Thank you, Dean. It’s nice to hear that,” Cas says, ignoring the mustard. There’s a streak of red skin rising from his polo shirt that Dean can’t stop looking at. Cas shifts his weight like he’s going to stand up. “Thank you for the talk.”
Cas. You’re the one person I couldn’t shake off. Even with all of my petty, childish bullcrap. I know I get angry sometimes, and I know I pick fights, and hell, I know you pick ‘em too, you bastard. But I don’t want to lose this.” Dean’s eyes were wide, and pleading, and very, very green. “I think I want to spend my life with you, so what if the sex isn’t good, huh? You’re left with a limp-dicked piece of crap.”
Cas has them driving out of state, which means that Dean mentally catalogs every motel he passes by in case he needs to find somewhere to sleep.
Cas has to answer Dean. He has to tell him no, that it’s too dangerous. That he still has those trigger words in his brain, that he has screaming nightmares. That sometimes he goes mute for days, that the taste of fake orange flavoring makes him shake. He is a burden. He is noth-
He doubles over in that alleyway and ejects the remainder of his stomach contents onto the concrete. They must not be feeding him very well at HYDRA. There’s nothing but clear bile puddling on the ground next to a candy bar wrapper. He wipes his mouth. He can’t remember the last meal he had.
“You guys ready to see Swayze kill some evil sons of bitches?” Dean said as he mimed shooting machine guns. Cas sighed. Dean looked at him like
He turns to see that Cas’s face is stony, set in what Dean guesses is some combination of fear and grief, if it’s anything like what he’s feeling. He continues quickly.
Dean’s quiet for a long moment, his thoughts a jumble of half-formed words that are gone too quickly to take on any coherency. It’s been a long time since he’s considered leaving the life. After everything that happened with Lisa, Dean came to accept that it just wasn’t in the cards. Hunting is a part of him, and it’s something he knows will follow him through the rest of his life no matter what, even if it only takes the form of nightmares. And sure, Sam and Eileen are more or less out, preferring to take on something more akin to Bobby’s role as resident researcher and coordinator. But Sam’s the one who was always meant to get out. Dean doesn’t even know who the hell he’d be if he wasn’t a hunter.
Cas does as instructed and Dean goes to work wiping away the blood that’s been cascading down the side of his face. He can feel Cas watching him, their faces only inches apart, but Dean won’t meet his eyes. He tells himself to focus on the task at hand. If he lets himself really
is something he’s ever really considered when it comes to hunting. Between avenging Mary’s death and the series of apocalypses he found himself wrapped up in, whether or not he
But the possibility that Cas is placing in front of him, however absurd, is way too enticing to completely brush off. Not risking their lives on a damn near weekly basis sure would be a nice change. Knowing that Cas is safe and not likely to suffer some violent death would be a huge weight lifted. Yeah, the lack of activity during the past few weeks had left Dean restless, but it would probably have been better if he’d had something else to do, even if that something wasn’t hunting. Still, Dean can’t even imagine what a life without hunting would look like for him now.
“I don’t know,” he sighs eventually. “I guess if… if something bad happened to either of us, we’d just have to deal with it in the moment. I don’t know that there’s really a way to prepare for that kind of thing, even if—” Dean swallows thickly, the words sticking in his throat. “Even if it’s likely to happen sooner or later.”
“It’s coming along, isn’t it?” Cas says softly, a hint of pride in the words. Dean wouldn’t have thought Cas would become so attached to this project, but he’s thrown himself into it just as much as Dean has.
one is an entirely different story. What the hell made him think he could handle the finances when his primary source of income has always been credit card fraud? How is he, a man who has been wanted by the FBI more than once, now responsible for obtaining licenses and paying taxes? And yeah, it’s not like he’s in this alone. Cas has been an absolute lifesaver in a lot of ways. But in others, it’s the blind leading the blind. Sometimes Dean can’t remember what about this whole thing had seemed like a good idea.
Dean feels Cas’s shrug. “Sometimes I do, I guess. But I like what we’re doing now. This feels right.”
Dean goes for what he hopes is a blithe smile, but his face feels a little too tight. “Oh, you know. Just that patented Winchester self-loathing.”
Forcing the thought to the back of his mind, Dean takes a deep breath and presses a gauze pad to the gash, holding it carefully so he doesn’t hurt Cas. “Hold that there. I’ll clean up the blood so we can see what we’re dealing with.”
But now that he’s voicing the thoughts, they just keep coming, like waves endlessly crashing down on him. “I just think that maybe we should acknowledge that this isn’t going to end pretty. And I’m not saying that I don’t wish things were different. But you of all people should know that I can’t offer you some peaceful, apple pie life, and that’s what you deserve if you want it. Hell, at the very least you deserve someone who’s not an emotionally repressed borderline alcoholic. I can’t offer you anything worth having, Cas. The way I see it, the best-case scenario is that you’re massively disappointed with me and I don’t know if I can even take that.”
“I don’t know,” Cas admits. “I guess I never really thought about it until now. Hunting with you is what I know. And I like helping people. But I don’t like seeing you hurt, seeing you risk your life.”
“Well, we’re past one night, at least,” Dean teases, his smile widening at the way Cas scrunches his face. “And you’re definitely not regrettable.”
Cas shrugs, the muscle of his broad shoulders moving under one of Dean’s old t-shirts, the hem of which just barely reaches the top of his pajama pants. “A minute or two, maybe. You seemed pretty focused.”
Dean just nods, heat creeping up the back of his neck even as the fear that this will be the moment Cas decides he’s not worth the effort settles in his stomach.
“I’m fine. Just a few bruises, probably.” Cas’s voice is warm and gentle, and Dean allows it to ease some of his tension. “You?”
Cas shrugs and sits down next to him, though he’s not meeting Dean’s eyes. “There’s nothing I can do for you, Dean, except maybe get you some ibuprofen. I can’t help you.”
As he shuffles across the little apartment to their bedroom, he can feel some of the tension leaving him at just the thought of being home. Despite the chill of the winter air that can be felt even indoors, he decides not to bother with pajamas, instead stripping down to his boxers before collapsing into bed. In a moment Cas is beside him, curling up protectively around him, and Dean lets out a contented sigh. But as tired as he is, as good as this feels, his mind isn’t quite ready to settle down.
“I understand,” Cas says softly. “I suppose I feel similarly myself sometimes. Not about hunting, necessarily, but about… Heaven. For millennia I’ve been part of some grand, cosmic plan. Whether it was good or not, the work felt important. This feels… selfish, in a way.”
Dean reflexively tightens his arms around Cas at the thought, and Cas notices, pulling back a little to look up at him.
Dean glances at his watch, somewhat startled to see that the wee hours of the morning have crept in. At least that explains the foggy, achy exhaustion he can’t shake.
Cas nestles back into Dean, trailing soft kisses down his throat, making Dean’s breath catch. But the tension won’t quite leave him, not entirely. The anxious thoughts have found a handhold in his mind, and they won’t let go. Cas deserves better than this—better than
Dean doesn’t say anything at first—it’d be insincere of him to assure Cas that there was no need to worry when his concerns just echo what’s been running through Dean’s mind.
“Probably similar options to someone with no documentation who bears a remarkable resemblance to a man who’s legally been missing for twelve years. That doesn’t mean that there are
“I’ll try if you do,” Cas says, settling down beside him. They’re not quite touching, but their faces are barely an inch apart.
He glances up to survey that sea of boxes, desperate to give his eyes a break from the harsh light of the laptop, and he nearly jumps out of his chair at the sight of the silent figure in the doorway. Even as a human, Cas hasn’t lost his ability to seemingly appear out of nowhere.
No matter the case, it’s obvious that Dean is ill-equipped. It seems that regardless of the exact details, he’s bound to lose Cas. What they have now, no matter how good it is, can only end in heartbreak. This is why it’s been his rule to keep flings short. Any time he gets attached to someone, it ends badly. Surely it’s just plain irresponsible of him to risk Cas in that way. Cas matters too much. And if Dean has any decency at all, he should explain all of this to Cas and just let him go.
“Sorry, Cas. I meant to just take a quick look at our costs and projections again and I couldn’t get things to line up right. Guess I lost track of time.”
Dean blinks and rubs his eyes, tearing his gaze away from the attractive figure Cas cuts leaning there against the doorframe. “Yeah, well, I wish that meant I was making progress. What are you doing down here? I thought you said you were going to bed.”
. Why Cas fell in love with him to begin with is something Dean is certain he will never understand, but now that Cas is human, now that his life is finite, it makes even less sense that he would want to spend that life with Dean. Sure, the last couple of weeks have been great, but there’s always a honeymoon phase. It won’t be long now before Dean starts letting Cas down, and eventually Cas will realize that it’s no good trying to be with someone so deeply broken. Or Dean could fail him in a much simpler way: he could just fail to keep Cas safe. They could be out on any old hunt, and one little slip-up could end up costing Cas’s life. Of course that’s always been a possibility for Sam and him, and it’s one that they’ve even experienced a few times, but with Cas it feels different somehow
It’s only been in recent days, as they hurtle closer to opening, that Dean has really started seeing the cracks in the whole venture. Sure, he’s pretty knowledgeable when it comes to booze, and he’s spent enough time in bars to know what makes a good one. But actually
He doesn’t say it enough; even if he says it every day, it’s not enough. Because he’ll never get enough of the way Cas looks when he says it.
As they weave their way through the cluttered back room, though, Dean can’t resist pausing to poke his head out into the main space. It’s mostly dark, only illuminated by the light from the streetlights coming in through the large front windows, and it’s mostly empty except for a few scattered tables and chairs. There’s a fresh coat of paint on the walls, but nothing else, and the remnants of the paint smell mixes with the scent of sawdust and stale air. Between Dean and the main room is the empty bar that he and Cas had spent days painstakingly refinishing and polishing to a shine. No booze, no glasses, hell, even the taps haven’t been installed yet. There’s so much left to do, and somehow all of that is the easy part.
Dean knows that his voice will break if he speaks, so for now he just nods again and lies back down, burrowing into Cas as if he can’t get close enough. God, it feels good to just let himself be held. And Cas’s voice does soothe something in him. It’s still too good to be true, and he still knows that. But if he could believe anyone who promised that everything would be okay, he guesses that it would be Cas. After all, Cas probably knows better than anyone, even Sam, just how much of a mess Dean is. Cas has seen him through the lowest moments of his life, and nothing’s scared him away so far. So if he says that this is what he wants, at least he has a pretty good idea what he’s getting into.
This doesn’t erase the concern from Cas’s expression, but it at least makes him smile a little. He cups Dean’s cheek, and Dean sighs at the familiar feeling of the warm, rough palm.
Letting his eyes droop shut again, Dean yawns and buries his face in Cas’s shoulder. He still can’t quite believe that Cas is here with him, that they’re
Dean grumbles as he closes the laptop and gets to his feet. He’s too tired to try and argue with Cas. Besides, being curled up together in their bed sounds like just about the best thing in the world right now.
A slow smile spreads across Cas’s lips as Dean speaks, which Dean watches with pleasure. Sometimes it hits him afresh how beautiful Cas is, and he can’t believe how he could have ever gotten so lucky. But even when he’s hit with that surprise again, he doesn’t fear that Cas won’t be here tomorrow, not like he did at first. Cas has said for months now that this is what he wants, and day by day, little by little, Dean’s doubts have eased. He goes to bed at night knowing that Cas will still be there in the morning. And if that’s the case, then maybe there’s hope for him after all. Maybe he can at least partially accept that he’s capable of having something good in his life. Maybe someday he’ll be able to accept that
“But next time could be worse,” Cas insists. “Next time you could end up in bad shape, and I still wouldn’t be able to fix you. What then?”
“Exactly.” Dean rolls over so he can meet Cas’s eyes, feeling a little more awake now. “Like, what right do we have to just decide that we’re done—that our own happiness and comfort is more important? Why do we get to decide to stop helping people when that’s basically what we’re meant to do?”
The bar was Dean’s idea, of course, but from the way Cas had lit up when he’d first mentioned it, he’d known he didn’t have to worry about Cas not being on board. And then when Cas had compared the idea to Harvelle’s, Dean had swelled with pride at the thought of following in the path of the Roadhouse. From there, things had moved too quickly for doubt to really settle in. It had just so happened that Garth knew someone who would rent a building to them in Ottawa. The space had definitely been in need of some work, but it had promise, and the sunny little apartment that took up the second floor was an added bonus. Just like that, he and Cas had packed up what they wanted to take from the bunker and moved right in, filling their days with handiwork and orders and a million other things that wouldn’t even have occurred to Dean to do until it was clear they were necessary steps in opening a business.
“Why not,” Dean chuckles. “I can give it a go. But I still think I’m going to run this place into the ground.”
Dean’s quiet for a minute as he thinks this over. It’s just the sort of thing he’s always thought about Sam—that he deserves to get out and choose another kind of life—but he’s never quite felt entirely deserving of that himself. The way Cas puts it makes it seem so straightforward, though. All his life he’s been playing a role in some cosmic game, and now he’s managed to fight his way out of it, and this is his compensation. He’s not sure he really buys that, but something keeps him from dismissing the thought entirely, and that’s not nothing.
“Why don’t you come upstairs now?” Cas says, more insisting than suggesting. “You can come back to this in the morning. I’m sure it’ll be easier once you’ve gotten some sleep.”
Dean’s vision blurs as he stares at the laptop screen, although the numbers it displays have not magically changed since he’d sat down to work through them. The fingers of his left hand run idly across the rim of a mug of long-cooled herbal tea—he’s cutting back on the booze at Cas’s insistence, and even though he likes chamomile more than he’d be willing to admit, it’s no substitute for a finger or two of whiskey. Especially at times like this, when he can feel the beginnings of a stress headache taking hold behind his eyes even though there’s still work to do. This was a bad idea, and it should have been obvious from the very start. He’s just not cut out for this sort of thing. If it wasn’t for Cas’s firm and entirely irrational belief that Dean can do anything he sets his mind to, he wouldn’t even have made it this far, to this desk in a cluttered little office in a back room packed with unopened boxes.
“No, I just—” Dean sighs and turns to rifle through the first aid kit for the butterfly bandages. “Maybe I panicked a little. But can you blame me for worrying about you?”
It’s not the worst condition either of them have been in upon stumbling into a rundown motel room after a hunt, but it’s the first big hunt they’ve gone on since they’ve been together. It’s the first hunt since Cas has been human this time around, and the blood trickling down his face is enough to send Dean into a near panic. He ignores the ache in his side as he crosses the room to dig through his duffel bag—there’s undoubtedly a nasty bruise forming just below his ribs, but that doesn’t matter, not when Cas is bleeding.
. And it’s not like everything’s perfect now. It’s not like he doesn’t have doubts and fears or moments when he’s suddenly certain that every decision he’s ever made in his life has been wrong. But in his gut, he knows that things are okay. He can face the things that might arise from here. He and Cas can face them together.
“That’s not funny.” Dean’s voice comes out a little harsher than he’d meant it to. Yes, now that he’s actually looking at the wound, the panic is starting to recede and he’s realizing that maybe he’s overreacting a little. Maybe. But at the very least, it doesn’t feel like an unfounded overreaction. Cas could have easily been hurt more than he is.
“No. Maybe sometimes. I don’t know.” Dean sighs. “Maybe sometimes I feel like I was lucky, in a way—hunting has felt like my responsibility for a long time, and it just happens to be the one thing I’ve ever really been good at. Now sometimes I just feel sort of… out of place.”
to react. Then in the days that had followed it had all built up inside him—all the things he’d never get to say to Cas, all the things that Cas would never know. As they had worked to pull Cas out of the Empty, Dean’s thoughts continually turned to what he would say when the moment came, though none of the words that came to him ever felt just right. In the end, it had all just sort of spilled out the moment Cas was safe, in front of Sam and Jack and Eileen and Rowena. Dean isn’t sure he’ll ever recover from the embarrassment, but there was no awkwardness between Cas and him after that. There’d been no need to dissect their feelings or this thing they’re doing now; everything had seemed to just happen naturally, and so far they’ve both been happy to leave it at that.
Their guests leave a couple hours later, armed with most of the leftovers and about a dozen of Dean’s chocolate chip cookies to get them home safe.
“Yeah, you sure have,” Sam laughs, picking up a taco from over Cas’ shoulder and sitting down across from him. Cas grimaces with effort as he pulls the middle piece of the crab’s carapace off, digging in his fingers into the shell and scraping out the gills.  Liquid seeps from the crab’s shell around his gloved hands, puddling on the table.
“I thought I heard someone slinging crap over here,” Dean says as he comes back in the room, Sam just behind him. Dean jogs down to stand to Cas’ left, standing a non-personal foot away. Cas can see Dean calculating the exact distance between friendly and intimate and thinks about stepping forward into it. “He thinks he can get me to give up my morning ribeye.”
Of course there is. There has never been a time where Dean hasn’t been changing in some small way. Every inch of him is constantly shedding or twisting or mutating. He thinks if he looked long enough at his fingerprints, he would see them switch patterns — whorls to spirals to curls. Dean feels like Cas is often the instigator for a lot of that change. Asshole. Mouth breather.
“Just nice?” Dean teases. He puts a hand on the top of the car and leans in, like he’s flirting with a chorus girl at a dance hall. Cas feels… okay being the chorus girl. Just this once.
“Stephen King,” Cas says, showing him the cover while keeping his finger on his page. It’s The Shining.
Dean thought he had categorized his feelings for Castiel pretty accurately, although it had changed over the years. They had gone from “potential enemy” to “sort of friend” to “betrayer” to “best ally we’ve ever had” to “best friend” and that signifier of best friend should’ve been Dean’s first clue. Men like him don’t have best friends, he thinks. John didn’t have one, and that is Dean’s barometer for normalcy, God help him. But looking at Cas, he decided that “best” was the only descriptor for him. Closest friend. Man you worry about constantly. Talking to Cas didn’t feel like conversations with Garth or Charlie did. Dean put him to the side, categorized him differently, he’s not like those other chumps. His best friend.
But they are over there. He is in here, in a pressure cooker with what he thinks might be the Love of His Life, his kid brother, their kid, and his dog. Forgive him.
It feels good. Cas takes a second to kiss back, but Dean just powers through because he thinks he knows there’s another side to this slight awkwardness. It’s different from kissing Amara, or Lisa, or Cassie. Cas’ stubble grinds on Dean’s as he opens his mouth slightly. Cas’ mittens, which he brings because now he has bad circulation, are warm on Dean’s neck. Dean breaks away from Cas for a second to bring wetly onto his collar.
“Especially when it comes to boyfriends or girlfriends. He always said that the more you posture, the more defensive you look and the more everyone loses. You always have to play it cool when you’re forging that relationship,” Ellie says, wrapping the meat carefully.
Sometimes, it feels like Cas is some bird of prey and Dean is a mouse trying not to get eaten. In his monkey brain, he knows they are about the same size and he is no danger. In his intelligent brain, he knows he isn’t the mouse — he is the tick on the mouse in the face of a leviathan, curling and twisting into the horizon. Or the carcass of one.
“I feel the same way, hotshot,” Dean smiles, placing his hand on Cas’ shoulder before quickly taking it off again, clearing his throat and looking away. Jody raises her eyebrows at Cas. Cas raises his back.
Dean wants to bury his whole being into Cas’ body and zip it around himself. He has a sneaking suspicion that Cas would say the same thing about him, and tries to imagine them curled up together in a grave like those poor fuckers in Pompeii. To see the end coming and be cradled even in death.
“You either,” Dean says. Dean feels like he needs to take deep breaths to keep himself from passing out. Just being here, here in Cas’ proximity — it’s all he wanted.
“Near Grafton,” Cas says. “It’s just a little park in the backyard of a restaurant. I’ve heard good things.”
“You have to know, Cas,” Dean says, desperately. The shopping cart handle is biting into his stomach. “You have to know that I -.”
“Okay,” Cas says. They wait in the kitchen as the buns toast, staring at each other. There was always a reason to look away before. There is none now. Cas is allowed to look at Dean for as long as he likes, and he looks, and he likes what he sees.
He turns off the water with a shaking hand and sits on the slick floor of the tub. He palpates the clammy skin of his chest until he finds an incongruity against the bone and the hard strips of muscle - a lump, tucked hard against his first rib.
“I love you too,” Dean croaks hastily, like he forgot he didn't say it yet. His eyes are still squished shut, closed like he can’t bear to have all of this confession in him at once. “I-I. I didn’t think-.”
Cas— well, blush isn’t really a word you could apply to Cas. It’s like saying a rock looked bashful. But whatever the swinging fairy lights were doing, or whatever Dean’s awful vision could suss out, it really does look like he is blushing. It’s up near his eyes and down his neck, pink pink pink.
Castiel breathes. His own name rings like a bell in his head. He thinks he can stand to think of it because it was never something Dean called him. Castiel was a birth certificate name, a name that Gabriel called him, a name he heard at school. Cas -
“Cas,” Dean says again, and the hand stops in the air. There is defeat on the asset’s face, behind the long hair, underneath the leather. “Please.”
“Jeez, I thought we were done with this in ‘43,” Sam calls from the open window. He honks again, longer. “Let’s go!”
“Yeah,” Dean says happily. He’s very handsome like this, coming to save Castiel. Castiel assumes this is what this is, a saving. He wonders if Chuck is dead, if Dean has forgiven him for dying again. Probably not on both accounts, but Castiel can deal with both eventually. Preferably when he has clothes on.
“Gay bar,” Dean says. It’s the first thing he’s said since they left the bunker. Cas looks at him, considering. Dean clears his throat. “It’s, uh, a gay bar. Maybe it's a half-off night.”
“They’re great. Not that Dean would ever know the difference,” Claire says, raising her voice so Dean would maybe hear her from the other room. By his distant grunt of protest, he heard her loud and clear.
Dean looks away from where Cas is sucking the juices out of a crab leg and focuses solely on him for the first time since he came in. He puffs out his chest a little bit. “You like it? Got the recipe from the Internet.”
Ask Dean to paint a portrait of a man in love and he will just tell you to look at his face and you’ll know. And you do.
“You sure you’re doing it right?” Dean says eventually, the moment shattered. Castiel rolls his eyes.
“I knew I could hear giant wheels turning, didn’t know the old gears still worked up there,” Dean said, wiping his hands on his apron. Sam rolls his eyes and sits back.
Dean turns to Cas, who has just been happy to watch this unfold, and says “What do you think?” His eyes are very beautiful in the late afternoon sun. Cas is, as always, completely overwhelmed.
Sam sits back and watches Dean monologue to himself about ungrateful brothers, stomping to the fridge to get himself a beer before he comes back to the table, arms crossing close to his chest. His beer leaves a condensation mark on his now-thoroughly soiled shirt. He takes a second to rip off the cap and knock it back before wiping his mouth.
Castiel walks up to the threadbare kitchen and starts rummaging through the cupboards and drawers. There’s a lot of nothing, because this is an apartment not for a human, but for him. If they could’ve gotten away with no furniture, they would’ve, but HYDRA cares deeply about appearances.
His mind flashes back to Lucifer, wearing Cas like a raincoat, putting Cas’ hand on the wrong shoulder. What if this is some sort of manifestation? What if this is a
“Dean,” Cas says, reaching for it again. Dean holds it higher, a big smile curling unconsciously over his face. Cas crosses his arms over Dean’s KANSAS CITY FISHING EXPO 2005 hoodie he pilfered from the laundry and watches as Dean chuckles. It’s a big, uncomplicated feeling, this happiness. Both of them give into it more often than not these days.
“Right at this intersection,” Cas says. His voice startles Dean out of his thoughts. It’s dark now, the sky black and starless, the moon watching over them like a big ol’ eye. He turns right at the sign that says MILFORD STATE PARK, and they crawl past a couple of campsites before they see the lake, dark and shifting in the moonlight. Dean parks and cuts Baby’s engine, and they both sit there for a second, watching the twisting of the water in front of them.
There’s no frustration in his voice, just resignation. Dean thinks that’s somehow worse. They haven’t talked much about Cas losing his powers, and Dean realizes that with all the time they’ve spent comfortably tucked up in the bunker, maybe this is the first time Cas is really missing them. Cas’s hands are clasped in his lap, and Dean reaches over to cover them.
“Y’know, back in the day I could take a bullet and keep on going like it was nothing. Now I’m gonna be feeling this for a week.” Dean huffs out a laugh and ducks his head. “Maybe I’m getting too old for the job. Never thought I’d live long enough to age out.”
“It’s not going to fail, Dean.” Cas sounds like he doesn’t think the question was even worth dignifying with an answer, and it makes Dean smile a little.
Cas smiles a little, though the expression is guarded. “You don’t believe that it’s true for you, do you?”
“If I didn’t wake you up, you’d sleep all day.” There’s no real rebuke in Dean’s words, and as he speaks he tangles their legs and presses a kiss to the top of Cas’s head.
They lie there quietly for a while longer, Dean running his fingers lazily up and down Cas’s spine as Cas traces patterns on Dean’s side where his shirt has ridden up. The light touch makes Dean shiver, and he can feel Cas smile into his shoulder. It’s too good to be true, he knows. Despite Cas’s insistence that good things do happen, in Dean’s experience they certainly don’t last. Sooner or later—probably sooner—he’s bound to mess this up. He’ll say the wrong thing one too many times, or not be able to say something when he needs to, or push Cas away because that’s what he’s best at. Maybe Cas will just get fed up with him. Hell, he doesn’t even have to be the reason this doesn’t work. Given how dangerous their lives are and how fragile humans are, it’s more than possible that one of them will die. And if there’s one thing that sounds more painful than losing Cas because of his own ineptitude at relationships, it’s losing Cas to some kind of sudden, violent death.
“If that’s true for me,” he says eventually, “then it’s true for you, too. You’ve fought tooth and nail for us, for the good of the world. Hell, you took Lucifer’s son and raised him to be a benevolent god. I’d say you’ve earned a little bit of selfishness.”
“Dean, it’s not that bad,” Cas insists, coming to stand behind him. Before he can pause to reply, Dean finally finds the first aid kit.
“Dean.” This time he sounds fully alert, his tone telling Dean that they won’t be brushing this off. “What’s wrong?”
to hunt had never even seemed like a question worth asking. It was his life. He was good at it, and he had a responsibility to try and clean up the messes he caused; what he wanted was completely meaningless. Even when he had been with Lisa, there had been very little thought of whether he wanted to stop hunting. It had just seemed impossible to hunt right after losing Sam, and by the time he’d started to emerge from his grief, he’d needed to keep Lisa and Ben out of danger. Now, he runs the question through his head over and over, and it’s like his brain keeps getting stuck on the word
Cas mumbles something incoherent, pressing his face into the pillow, and Dean can’t help but chuckle.
“I’m way too tired to figure this out,” Dean sighs eventually. Cas looks at him uncertainly, and he goes on after a moment, his voice a little softer. “But I… I think that I want to keep thinking about it. I want us to talk about it.”
Lying there in the dark, listening to the sound of Cas’s soft, steady breaths as Dean holds him close, it’s easy to doze off again. When the alarm eventually goes off, Dean’s so comfortable that he doesn’t even want to move to turn it off. It’s Cas’s groan of displeasure that gets him to roll over and grope blindly to silence it. Then he flicks on the light, blinking for a moment in the sudden brightness, before lying back and nestling into Cas again.
Still, it’s surprising how homey a place can feel with just some natural light and a few pieces of secondhand furniture. The bunker will always be the place Dean considers his first real home since Mary died, but he is finding that there’s something about the legitimacy of living somewhere normal that he takes pride in. And this isn’t just his home—it’s his home with Cas. There are little things everywhere to remind him that this is their place. The plants lining every single windowsill that Cas likes to tend to. The bedroom closet where ostensibly their clothes are each contained to their own side, despite the fact that Dean’s clothes have the mysterious habit of showing up among Cas’s. The framed photo of Cas in his cowboy hat that sits proudly on Dean’s nightstand. Maybe none of it screams “domestic” on its own, but all together there’s an odd kind of cohesion to it, making up a place that’s comfortable and permanent and
It’s been downright domestic lately, and Dean’s man enough to admit to himself how much he enjoys it. With Sam off spending more and more time at Eileen’s—Dean knows that it won’t be long before he decides to move out of the bunker completely, but he doesn’t want to think about that just yet—he and Cas have practically been playing house. Cas had needed time to recover after becoming human, and after going up against Chuck himself Dean hadn’t thought a bit of a vacation sounded too bad either. So their days have become a comfortable routine of cooking and movies and naps and sex, and it’s been pretty damn nice. But starting his days cozied up with a warm, sleepy Cas is definitely one of Dean’s favorite parts.
“Enough,” Sam says. He does a grand come this way gesture to their guests, who follow dutifully. He glares between the two of them, a non-verbal “cut-it-out” that they’ve seen a thousand times in other circumstances. Cas is briefly thrown. Sam thinks they’re fighting. Fascinating. What must that say about their previous interactions?
Dean picked that moment to walk over with two free overflowing-with-butter bags of popcorn and a bag of Swedish Berries. Charmingly, his mouth was already filled with a combination of the two.
Unbeknownst to Castiel, Dean watches his every move with his brow furrowed. There is something wrong but he can’t figure out what it is.
“Cas, I regretted sending you out the second I did it and I regret not taking you back with me the second I could’ve,” Dean says. He’s looking directly at Cas now. “I regretted letting you walk away from me the second I did that too. We want you here, buddy. Sam wants you here.” He takes a breath, lets it out in one long stream. He tries to put some mustard into his words. “I want you here.”
“At least I found you, Cas,” Dean says, a hundred years and ten inches away from the asset’s broken nose. “I never stopped looking, you know that?”
“I will not,” Cas says resolutely. His sunglasses are falling down his nose, and he slides them back up as he cranes his neck, looking for a parking spot. “I am a fantastic driver.”
After Jack and Sam leave to Dairy Queen for a brief sojourn for Dilly Bars, Cas disappears without so much as a goodbye. Dean was going to propose they watch a movie, something Cas would’ve liked. Maybe something stupid. Maybe that dumb Pixar movie about the robots. Wall-E. He thought Cas would like something like that. It’s a cute movie. Whatever.
, the newly reborn Castiel Novak thinks as Dean sputters and groans and vomits river water all over himself . Then he walks away. He has a lot of learning to do.
,” Crowley says, saying every syllable crisply. It’s a march of unrelenting pain in Castiel’s head, like long-closed wounds being slowly soldered open.
“They should,” Dean says. “You’re.” He stops there, unable to say more. His tongue is thick in his mouth.
“Dean, as I’ve said before, you had no reason to believe I was even alive. You wouldn’t have been able to find me even if you knew where to look,” Cas says. “What’s past is past.”
They dragged him away to put him through the machine again, and he put forth no resistance. “Dean,” he had mumbled as they strapped the halo over his head, mashed a bite guard between his teeth and told him to bite down. “Sam.”
, he thinks. He shakes his metal arm and all the components click back into place. He is free for the first time in eighty years. He wishes he could celebrate more. He will have to settle for washing the blood from his naked body and dressing himself in his own clothes and breathing without being told to.
“That remains to be seen,” Cas says neutrally. Dean knocks his elbow against Cas’ stomach, and Cas leans away from him to dodge it.
Dean grunts and wipes his sweaty hands on his shirt, a prized Goodwill find that has the ACDC insignia on it. The shirt is one from his line of experiments with wearing only one layer when he’s at home, an experiment that makes Cas feel incredibly sad somehow. Cas can’t put his finger on why. Maybe it’s because Dean’s forearms are crisscrossed with scars and blood blisters now that Cas can’t heal him. All the hair on his right arm was singed off about a week ago while burning bones. Dean likes the feeling. Being permanent in this body. Likes feeling the pain when he’s pinched.
When they wiped him that first time, when they wiped Dean and Sam Winchester and his brothers and Kansas from his mind entirely, his alliances didn’t change entirely, not quite. When she - a handler named Naomi who would only show up in perfect gray pantsuits and crisp notepads - asked him to kill a Captain America proxy, he couldn’t. Whatever spell Winchester had on him was uncrackable by electric currents and implanted nodes. Castiel stood next to this Winchester proxy and he wept.
“Will it?” Dean sighs, closing his eyes. “A good night’s sleep won’t give me an education. It won’t give me experience that I don’t have. I’m not sure tiredness is the problem here.”
“Are you okay?” he asks softly after a moment, though he makes no move to pull away from Cas just yet. “You hurt anywhere else?”
“Maybe not,” Cas concedes, “but it definitely isn’t helping, either. Come on. Just humor me. We’ll figure this out later.”
Cas gives a dissatisfied sigh as he pulls away. “Well, no signs of internal bleeding, and if anything was fractured or broken, you’d be in a lot more pain.”
But his awareness drifts back to the exquisite feeling of Cas lying in his arms, the safety in the warm press of their bodies, and Dean feels his throat tighten. He’s been bouncing between anxiety and grief and doubt, and now it all seems to hit him at once. He closes his eyes and tries to take a deep breath, but of course Cas feels him stiffen.
“I’ve thought about it for twelve years, Dean.” Cas’s voice is low and steady, leaving Dean no room to question. “As for being human, I’ll admit that it’s an adjustment. I’m still not used to being tuned out of angel radio. And I worry that without my powers I won’t be of much use to you on hunts. But a life with you is more than I’ve ever dreamed of having. I promise you, Dean, that I’ll stay with you for as long as you want me.”
“Yeah, like what? What kind of options are out there for a dude in his forties who never finished high school, has very few practical skills, and has no recorded employment history?” He says it lightly, half-expecting Cas to agree and laugh off the whole idea, but Cas’s face remains serious.
“But you know that if something serious does happen and you can’t heal me, that’s not some kind of failure on your part. You’ve always been more than just your powers, Cas. And, for the record, just because you can’t heal me anymore doesn’t mean you don’t help me. Just being with you does me a world of good.”
like this. It wasn’t an easy thing to pull him from the Empty, even with Jack on their side, and Cas has said more than once that he’s lucky his grace was the only real casualty. Dean isn’t sure he believes that Cas is as fine with being human as he claims to be, but between the joy of having Cas back and the terrifying, exhilarating thrill of admitting his own feelings, Dean just hasn’t had it in him to broach the subject. It’s easier and far more enjoyable to just let the whole thing be for now. This thing with Cas—whatever it is—it’s the best
Leaning over, Dean cups Cas’s cheek and pulls him into a gentle kiss. “See? You take excellent care of me.”
“Considering their target is me,” Castiel says, trying to stay still as the ground rumbles around him. “That’s a good strategy.”
He doesn’t mean to do it so creepily. It just so happens the library is on the left of the kitchen, and he was thinking about his lunch — BLT on homemade beer bread, should you be suitably impressed — and there’s a flash in the corner of his eye, so he turns.
section is brief. Castiel Novak was born in Pontiac, Illinois, the youngest of six siblings and the devout son of a pastor. As his father became more distant as his practice grew larger, his older brother Gabriel took reluctant care of him, his other siblings too old to care about a seven year old.
They’ve returned to where Baby is sitting in the dark, and Cas is grimly reporting their trip to a weirdly anxious Jack. Dean side-eyes Cas for the umpteenth time, his worry etching a hole in him.
Castiel always thought that Dean’s low, gruff voice was because of those scars, but maybe not. Maybe this was who he always was.
Cas has liberated a cassette tape and is squinting at the tiny tracklist on the back. Dean catches the neatly-written title and thinks
The energy is not unlike the first day a new chef cooks for the president of a small country, but Cas is a smart man and doesn’t comment. Sam, another smart man, does, and even as quickly as Dean orders Sam out of the kitchen for “insubordination,” Dean needs it as much as he needs silence from Cas and Jack. He needs all of their energy to calm him down. Pressed, Dean wouldn’t be able to name what he’s feeling, but Cas, a proverbial scholar in Dean studies, could name it in the dark: a fear of rejection. He’s seen it too many times to not know it as it shows.
Cas’ eyes crinkle when he smiles. Cas turns to look out the window and Dean can see the outline of it on his profile — he sees it in the wrinkles near his eye, the movement of his cheekbone.
“No, you wouldn’t, because you’re a good guy. I just don’t want you to ever regret it,” Dean says, putting his hands on Cas’ face and wiping Cas’ tears away with his thumbs.
Cas nods, pursing his lips as if in thought. Before he can say something incriminating, Dean and Claire come inside with a steaming pile of short-ribs in their arms. Dean is wearing his grilling apron, and Claire is clearly taking that avenue to ridicule him mercilessly, which is exactly why Cas suspects he wore it in the first place. Dean notices them talking and winks at him before moving to the table, where he juggles the plate in his hands, going “Hot! Hot! Hot!” all the while.
The music starts up again as they tear down the highway towards Lebanon. The warbling first notes of "Somebody to Love" come cheerily out of the speakers, which is sort of disjointed with the current mood. This one brings back memories of him and Lee doing karaoke as kids; the bright lights of the stage, Lee’s hand on his shoulder next to him, the warbling of his own voice. On top of the world.
He fist pumps and looks at Cas, who is smiling back at him. A group three lanes down erupts in cheering. Someone must’ve won large. Dean knows the feeling.
The man looks out of place next to his tea towel. He’s hunching his shoulders in his big dark suit, like he’s trying to disappear. The man hasn’t noticed him yet, but Castiel thinks he must be aware. Castiel has been bred to be quiet, but not quiet enough for who he thinks this is.
He looks up at Cas then, either to check that he’s still listening or gauge his reaction. Cas smiles very gently back at him. Dean seems taken aback for a second and then quirks up a side of his mouth, turning back to the table.
Dean doesn’t reach for the ignition. He waits for Cas to look at him, which he does. They sit in the dark car, and Cas is looking at him all self-satisfied at his victory, and Dean could lean over and just kiss him and no one would know.
Cas realises he’s missed a chunk of conversation as the slight pressure on his back becomes more insistent. Cas nods at Dean, who retracts his hand but leaves his arm warm on the back of Cas’ chair.
He tries to imagine what he’s going to say to Jack, what his face will look like when Dean tells him.
“He wants to make sure you don’t regret coming back human,” Sam says, eyeing the plate of chicken wings Cas has in front of him. Cas waves it to him. He inclines his head in gratitude.
Dean Winchester and his brother moved to the old Dowling house down the street when Castiel was ten. This part of his history, noted on Wikipedia with the sub-heading
Dean thinks that this kind of love he’s in is kind of unbearable. It doesn’t feel like the quick, all-consuming love that he and Cassie had, or the stability of Lisa, or whatever it was that he and Amara shared. It makes all the parts of him cringe and shiver at once.
“Will you joining us for scampi tonight?” Dean says after a pause. Castiel wants to say yes with every mutated and broken molecule in this body. He wants to sit at the table and stare at Dean when he’s eating ice cream, and he wants to laugh with Jack, and he wants to talk to Sam like everything is normal and not on the precipice of disaster.
“Thank you, Jody. Dean told me something similar when I asked him,” Cas says, unable to stop bringing up Dean if his life depended on it. “He said I’ll get a big head if he tells me again.”
“Like the most glorious thing you’ve ever seen,” Cas says, suddenly throwing a leg over Dean’s waist to straddle him and then leaning in close. They’re a hair breadth of a space away from each other now, lips ghosting over each other. When Cas’ lips move, it is like Dean is saying the words with him in an uneven recitation. “I was beautiful.”
“Anyway. Seeing you and that stupid trenchcoat when you brought me back was one of the best moments of my life,” Dean muses. “I have no idea how you found me, but you found me. Thanks for that, by the way.”
“Alright, Don Juan. Let’s talk after we get out of the friggin’ black hole,,” Dean says, looking back up at him with amusement and pivoting back to gesture him forward through the portal. Castiel peels himself off the floor, covering his penis with his hands as he steps out of the portal. The Empty lets him go without much outrage, something like a sigh of relief emanating from it as it snaps shut behind him.
“I saw a movie,” Cas says, looking uncomfortable at the prospect. “Focused around the subject. I feel like it would be an enriching experience.”
“I see nothing to be nervous about,” Cas says, leaning against the pillar. “She has never needed my validation in the past, I fail to see how this is different.”
“You want to go in?” Dean says to the back of Cas’ head, too loud for the car. If they go in, maybe Cas will take off that coat, unbutton a button. Seriously, it’s like 86℉ after sunset. Maybe angels can’t feel heat.
“Being human hurts,” Jack complains. Cas takes his hand gently and peers at the cut. It’s not serious. He grabs some Neosporin and a bandaid and gently places a dot of the antibiotic in the middle of the bandaid before peeling off the packing and smoothing it around Jack’s thumb. Jack frowns at it.
“Fair point,” Dean says finally. They both watch as the doctor collects himself outside Cas’ medical room, Sam talking to him in fervent whispers every so often. The doctor peeks back at Cas every so often like he’s a mirage, like he’s not even sure he’s alive. Cas knows the feeling.
“She’s good people, Jody,” Sam says, and looks down at the table, smiling in thought. “I promise, next time.”
Dean reached over Cas to wrestle his t-shirt from under Cas’ chest and he slipped it on and he left Cas in their bed, flicking the light on in the hallway behind him. His shoulders were broad and strong and it hurt Cas to look at them.
Jack is behind Dean, gleefully peeling potatoes on the dining room table. Sam is reading a book and waiting for the jalapeño poppers to bake, and Dean gave Cas a wink and asked very nicely, so Cas is staring at a bowl of romaine and croutons, trying to remember what goes in the Cobb salad at Applebee’s. Surely there are too many ingredients in this bowl, he thinks.
There are footsteps on the roof above him. Ten to twelve SWAT agents it sounds like. He eyes Dean, wondering if he sent them.
“You don’t understand,” Cas says. He does look sorry, to his credit. “You’ll hopefully never understand, Dean.”
Uh oh. Castiel plasters on a different uneasy smile to see Dean coming down the aisle with a full cart, looking surprised at Castiel’s presence at the grocery store. A very valid reaction, as Castiel told him he was going to be in the Himalayas this week to look for clues towards defeating Chuck.
Nevertheless. They don’t hold hands in public because it doesn’t occur to them that they can. Sometimes Dean will put a hand on Cas’ shoulder or back, but that’s as close as they get. At diners, they slide into the middle ground of their shared booth and rest with their shoulders pressed against each other, their thighs are only an inch apart. Dean will look at Cas’ hands on the table, twisting and retwisting the wrapper off of a straw. This is what affection looks like — like it’s always looked like for them. Loved over a table. Loved through the backseat of a car. Loved through the inches apart from each other. It’s only the touch that’s new.
There’s the Drive Inn just on the edge of Nebraska, which has shitty air conditioning but has free water bottles in the rooms. Then there’s the Motel Zed on the edge of the highway, which is weirdly named but has burgundy carpets in their rooms — very handy in case someone is bleeding out. There is the shitty Motel 6 by the old DVD rental store, but the beds always have crumbs in them. Dean’s sure as hell not putting them there.
“Well,” Cas says, trying to find the words. “It’s just part of being human.” Jack scrunches up his face and Cas knows instantly it wasn’t the right thing to say.
So he doesn’t. And he grabs for the bowl and smiles routinely when Cas pulls it away. And when he presses his face into Cas’ shoulder, Cas lets him, the rhythmic sound of stirring the only sound in the room.
Dean slides his jacket back on when Cas does, and watches the security camera screen carefully as Cas goes to return their shoes. His eyes don’t flash when he faces the camera. Not a shifter. Dean sighs pretty hard in relief, nodding to the front desk clerk who looks suspicious.
“I will,” Cas says, rescuing him from his head with another Dean-smile. Dean feels aching in his chest so deep he’d have to dig to get it out. He’s pretty sure it hurt more ignoring it every day for years that this — this acknowledgment of it —  just feels like a relief.
“Wait,” Cas croaks. He reaches his arm out for Dean. “Dean, you-,” he starts again. He clears his throat.
“Buddy, I need you to say something,” Dean begged, putting his shield on his back and coming closer to the table, expression as transparent as it had always been when he thought Castiel wasn’t looking. “Cas.”
Anyway, Castiel can count the times he’s been truly happy on one hand. One of these occasions was meeting Jack for the first time, even though he was older and looked more like Jimmy than he expected. Another one was cracking his head out of the ground and breathing in the smell of warm dirt and sunlight after the Empty let him go. Another one was when he was in the Impala and wearing a cowboy hat and D
Dean bounces on his heels and “WOO!”s loud enough for the moms to look their way for a moment. If this is a shifter, then the shifter will just have to let him have this for a few minutes. Cas watches him with amusement, his arms crossed across his chest.
They had been very close, and Cas’ fingers had been hooked in the elastic waistband of Dean’s basketball shorts, and Dean had been kissing him slowly. Dean’s hands were on both sides of Cas’ head, holding him steady, like he was something breakable.
“Nah,” Dean says. “Big day tomorrow. Gotta pack for Tucson.” He hits Castiel’s shoulder, less gentle than before. “That lamia ain’t gonna gank itself.”
“Well, I can tell you this,” Jody says. “Your guys’ relationship was pretty freakin’ bad in the past. That, though? That’s the worst it’ll be. I guarantee you. That ship has sailed.”
Cas flinches, not like a human, but like the flinch of a horse when it’s trying to shake a fly off it. A shiver that's more like the skin twitching. “The thought crossed my mind, yes.”
Looking back at it now, perhaps Dean should’ve known then. He didn’t truly figure it out until about ten minutes after Cas disappeared into thin air and he was sitting on a cold, stone floor. Maybe “best friend” wasn’t so accurate. Maybe just the “best” was.
Castiel Novak was a quiet child who did not disobey under any circumstances, not from lack of willpower but from lack of knowledge of another way. His neighbours remembered him sitting on the curb in front of their house most days, quietly content as he watched people do their errands.
“Jesus, baby,” Dean says, trying to move himself to the middle of the seat. “You’re going to kill us.”
,” Crowley finishes. The glass finally breaks and what was Castiel Novak tumbles to the floor in a rain of shattered glass.
“It always ends in a fight,” Castiel reminds him. There’s yelling outside his door. He closes his eyes, mourning this version of his life. His poor tea towel. His poor kettle.
The man answers whoever is on the other side of the phone with a short, “Understood.” He’s facing away from where Castiel is standing, looking through something. Castiel’s wallet perhaps. His books.
They’re both working on trying to say what they want. It’s a hard process, but it is going well. That morning, Dean came up to Cas while he was getting changed and asked if he— If he wanted to drive the Impala. Cas, very somberly, nodded, accepting this like the gift it was. Though Cas probably thought it was more a symbolic thing than a Dean-is-horny thing, but they both win, so it’s all water under the bridge.
“Yes,” he says. His cheeks ache from smiling this much, but he thinks it’s getting better with practice. “I think I am.”
Cas catches Dean’s eye and pauses. He says, “Yes,” very delicately. Dean looks away, shy like he hasn’t been in a while. Like Cas is the hot quarterback bringing him home from their date at the friggin’ soda pop shop.
“Forgive me if I don’t trust the angelic driving school with Baby,” Dean says. He smiles at Cas’ pinched expression and looks out the window.
They both breathe shallowly for a moment. Dean pauses for a millisecond, leans forward to rest his forehead on Castiel’s. “I never thought it would happen. Not in my wildest dreams,” Castiel says quietly, a confession in itself. Dean nods against his forehead, an apology or a benediction or a simple acknowledgment of fact. They spent years and years circling around something neither of them could name.
“It’s a crime to want him to live past fifty, it seems,” Cas says, rolling his eyes purely for show, the way a housewife on a sitcom tells her husband to do the dishes. “I hate to admit that I’ve become fond of him.”
“I do,” Cas settles on at last. Dean looks at his face, finally. And whatever he sees must clear something up for him because he carefully walks over and bends down and puts his hands on either side of Cas’ face.
“Goodnight, Dean,” Castiel says warmly. Dean turns to go and then stops at the light switch, thinking.
“Yeah, Cas, I know, don’t insult the chicken guy. But Jesus, ten packages of chicken? What’s he trying to do, remake the thing?”
“There’s nowhere in the world I’d rather be,” says Cas. A wind comes by and ruffles his hair. His jacket flaps open.
“Dean,” Cas says again. Dean comes above the cupboards with a dented baguette pan in his hands. He places it on the counter and slaps his hands together, turning toward Cas’ direction.
“Cas said he bought potatoes for it a few days ago,” Jack said cheerfully, having found and claimed his gummy worms. “Thank you for my worms, Dean.”
A man in an ill-fitting suit comes to rest on the wall near the cube. He’s shorter, with dark hair and a slightly patchy beard. Cas ransacks his internal data banks looking for similarities, but blessedly finds none. Just an office worker on a break, looking at a serial killer in a glass box. He goes to kick the glass, but finds he can’t. Wonderful.
“Thank you,” Cas says, in that over-earnest way of angels. He rolls the sleeves of his henley up past his elbows from where they’ve fallen.
, he says to himself, the child who used to watch bees that wandered in from the open window. That child is watching this with wide eyes.
“Trust yourself with what?” Dean says, watching him. Cas’ face is lit on one side by the light coming from the setting sun, outlining his profile in yellow light. He’s no more readable than he ever is, but he is...
It takes another second for both of them to disengage. A family of four is waiting to get their pack of oranges behind them.
“Hey Sammy,” Dean says, straightening up. He has a mysterious substance staining his shirt dark grey down the front. Sam thinks it might be butter. “I made dinner for the next few weeks.”
“Ready, Dean?” Cas says after he does his requisite number of deep, centering breaths. Dean leans over and kisses him, because he is there and he is wearing movie-star glasses and he is savoring every letter of Dean’s name like it’s the first time he ever said it.
“I wonder,” Cas says as he reaches for Dean’s collar to adjust it. It doesn’t need adjusting, but he is sentimental. “I hear Sam is quite the bad influence.”
Dean starts to make some crack about how comforting that is, but something in Cas’s expression stops him. “Hey. Something wrong?”
“Nothin’.” Dean tries to soften his expression, doing his best to push away the unpleasant thoughts. “Just like having you here.”
Of course it’s a little silly to be so anxious over a few scrapes and bruises. Dean knows this. It’s not like he’s never seen Cas injured before. He’s even been the cause of those injuries. But it was never a sight that Dean could really stand, even when Cas had his powers and could easily heal himself. And now that he’s human, Cas just seems so… fragile. Yes, he can handle himself perfectly fine in a fight, just as much as Dean can. But that doesn’t stop that deep, uneasy fear from pooling in Dean’s stomach. It doesn’t keep his brain from replaying every horrible time he’s seen Cas dead or dying. So quickly and easily, he could just be gone.
What he isn’t used to is waking comfortably and leisurely, rested enough to get up if he wanted to but preferring to keep dozing until the alarm clock goes off. These kinds of mornings have been becoming more common over the last couple of weeks, and while they feel a bit odd, they’re certainly enjoyable. So when he drifts into consciousness now, he only stretches and rolls over in search of the warm body beside him. Pressing himself into Cas’s back and wrapping his arms around him, Dean smiles at the feeling of the former angel relaxing into him. Turns out that human Cas is pretty fond of sleeping, and Dean’s mornings have been getting lazier and lazier as a result. Not that he’s complaining.
“This is all I’ve done for almost my entire life.” Dean scrubs a hand over his face. “God, I don’t even know if I could function in the normal world anymore. Or not take a case if I came across one. But whether or not I
“But after all this time, after everything we’ve been through together, do you really think I could expect something from you that you can’t give?” Cas’s brow is furrowed again, and Dean fights the urge to reach out and smooth the creases. “I know you, and I love you for exactly who you are. You don’t need to worry about that.”
Cas’s voice draws him from his thoughts, and when he looks up he sees that Cas’s expression has softened into something a little warmer than concern. Cas comes around the desk to put his hands on Dean’s shoulders, and Dean leans back into him gratefully. The expression is just plain care, he realizes, and that too is a familiar look coming from Cas.
At the other end of the back room is a door, and through it and up a narrow flight of stairs is their little apartment. It’s been a strange transition, Dean thinks, to go from living in a secret underground bunker to a one-bedroom with only a door marked “private” to guard it. Of course he and Cas have beefed up their security with some sigils and maybe just a little bit of witchcraft, but the place still feels very out in the open. He wonders if Sammy has gotten used to living in a normal house yet.
“I gotta say, I never thought I’d get to have mornings like this—warm and easy, not jolting awake from nightmares or sneaking out at the crack of dawn after some questionable decisions.”
“Okay, let’s say it doesn’t fail, at least not right away. Are you sure you’re okay with living like this? Isn’t there a part of you that feels like, I don’t know, we’re shirking our responsibility or something? Like we owe it to the world to keep hunting?”
Maybe years from now, when the pain of it all has receded into distant memory, Dean will give Cas shit for only confessing his feelings when he was sure it would kill him. Dean may not be the quickest at processing emotions, especially the big scary ones that he’d spent years pretending didn't exist, but Cas could have at least given him a
“Maybe we can try to believe it, then.” Dean sinks back down into his pillow, the long day finally starting to hit him. “And I guess it’s not like we have to stop helping people now. We can go on hunts if we want to, and we’ll find other ways too.”
At this Cas turns to wrap his arms around Dean, burying his face in the crook of his neck. His voice is sluggish and rough with sleep. “Stay. Stay and go back to sleep.”
He must linger there a little too long, because then he feels Cas’s arm snake around his waist, no doubt trying to comfort him but also trying to keep him moving. Cas has learned well how easily Dean gets distracted when he’s not supposed to be focusing on the bar.
Dean pulls back just enough to see the worried pinch between Cas’s brows, and Cas raises a hand to his face, carefully running his thumb along the bottom edge of Dean’s lip. As he does, Dean can feel the sting of a cut he hadn’t noticed before—a split lip isn’t exactly a rare occurrence and normally Dean wouldn’t pay it any mind. But Cas frowns at it, even as Dean presses a kiss to the pad of his thumb.
“Well, I can’t speak for myself,” Cas says thoughtfully, “but when I look at you, Dean, I understand. Everything you and Sam have gone through, it’s so far beyond what should ever be asked of anyone. You’ve sacrificed your life and your happiness and so much else time and time again. And now that you’re no longer being manipulated to live out the story Chuck wanted to see, you get to decide for yourself what you want your life to be. The way I see it, it’s your right to leave all that behind. It’s what the universe owes you.”
Dean, oblivious, takes deep, shuddering breaths as he tries to calm down. Dean places his heavy head gently on Castiel’s shoulder for a beat before lifting it back up.
“Soup’s on!” Dean calls to the room, having relieved his bare hands from burns. He slaps his hands together and gestures to the food in a
, and then hugs him. The wind is brushing through the trees. The chokecherry bushes are dotted in little red fruits. Castiel reflectively returns it, and then really returns it, leaning his head against Dean’s.
“Sorry for that, Mr, Novak. I was unprepared for the scope of your injuries,” Dr. Kerubin says, voice only slightly shaky. “Your shoulder has been crudely assembled and put on with no respect for your well-being. I am frankly surprised that you’re conscious right now, let alone talking normally.”
The asset feels himself breathing too quickly, his heartbeat rocketing in his head. It is almost novel, after years of being shocked into cold passivity. He closes his eyes and breathes and thinks,
There’s silence in the kitchen as everyone digests that. Cas holds his arms at his sides stiffly, like he wasn’t sure how to stand with all this awkwardness and himself in one room.
They come into the bunker to Jack face down on the map table, dead asleep, still wearing his clothes from earlier. For such a gentle kid, he snores like a freight train. Dean lags at the stairway, unsure of the protocol here. Jack and Cas usually have the important late-night conversations, while Dean strains to listen from his bedroom.
“Would you—,” Dean says. His fingers are trembling as he reaches out and traces the shape of Cas’ nose. “Ever?’
He looks back at Cas, and Cas quickly averts his eyes so Dean can’t tell what he’s been looking at. He is overcome with the desire to slide his hand into Cas’ jacket, around the warm dip of his waist. Ten years ago that would’ve scared him. He looks back to the lake.
He watches suspiciously as Cas looks at each of the balls one by one, judging the weight of each and bringing it up to eye level to gauge roundness or smoothness or something. If this ain’t Cas, they’re being pretty convincing. But Dean knows that you need more than a feeling.
The darkness is just as overwhelming as before. Castiel is still somehow awake in this mass of emptiness. He wishes he could just sleep, to become unconscious and oblivious and forever dreaming.
“I’m just saying, if you haven’t tried,” Jody sighs and leans into the pillar. “Might be the time. Happened with me and Donna, you know. Could happen with you two.”
Part of Dean resents that this be so complicated. Another part of Dean also knows that it isn’t, that this is how it’s always been and he has never realized it. That Benny wasn’t a one-off, only-port-in-a-storm situation. It’s painful to be forced to such a conclusion after watching the man he — Loves? Cares for? Has a crush on? — die again. Right in front of him. What an asshole.
“Why do you leave all the time?” Dean says finally. A brave question, but not the right one. Cas releases a breath he was holding, humming in thought.
“Okay,” Cas says. He looks like he’d rather get eaten by a snake, but he’s moving finally, away from prying eyes.
“Do you know what precipitated this?” Cas asks finally, like he’s been asking himself since he walked in the kitchen that morning. Sam shrugs, reaching over to the plate of fries and grabbing a handful, placing them on top of each other before knocking them all back at once.
“You have to walk that line, which can be difficult. You and Dean seem like pretty straightforward guys though, I have all the faith in the world in you two,” Ellie says, slapping a sticker on the package and looking up finally. “Anything else?”
There, in his favorite leather armchair, is Cas, reading some book from the library. His back is hunched over it and his shoulders are hiked up to his ears, and Dean has half the mind to tell him to save himself some back pain and straighten up, like his mom might’ve said in another life. Cas must hear some small noise — his shoe on the ground, his heartbeat — and looks directly at him, head tilted.
“Run it under some water, Jack,” Cas says. Jack nods and holds his thumb under the water, and they both watch the water slowly go from pink to clear. Truth be told, Cas is going off of what he’s seen Dean and Sam do on a hunt. The vodka sloshed all over the wound is probably not necessary. Unless it
“It’s useful, okay?” Sam says defensively, holding his bag containing the iPad to his chest. “Charlie rigged it up for me. Imagine all the books I can-,”
“I’ll show you another way,” Cas says gently. Dean lets Cas’ gentle hands move him around until he’s swinging with his back instead of gathering momentum with his arms. Cas digs his hand into Dean’s hip and moves the right side back slightly, his other hand on his shoulder. Cas’ face is warm next to his. If Dean closes his eyes, he could imagine Cas was about to dip him.
Dean thinks, and stays put right where he is. He releases the ball and they both watch as the ball travels straight towards the pins, hitting them with a good amount of force and knocking them all down.
“Yeah,” Castiel says. He’s shaking, half because of his proximity to Dean and half because the breeze is definitely getting colder. “Well, if there was any way to make sitting in eternity tolerable, I was going to find it.”
Dean raises his shirt without protest and tries to sit still as Cas’s fingertips lightly trail over his skin. It would tickle if he weren’t tracing the edge of a bruise that’s actually pretty damn sore.
“I—” Dean shrugs, wishing Cas would just drop it. The humiliation of having to admit to any kind of deep-seated insecurity is almost as bad as the insecurity itself. “I guess I just don’t want this to end.”
“I was kind of thinking the opposite,” Dean admits with a small smile. “We don’t have much time left before this place needs to be up and running.”
Cas’s voice is firm, unyielding, and when Dean meets his eyes, for a moment he sees the magnificent, commanding soldier of Heaven who pulled him out of Hell all those years ago. It’s enough to silence his spiraling thoughts for a moment, and Cas takes advantage of that.
Cas right now, the fear and panic that he’s struggling to fight down will overtake him. So he focuses on wiping away most of the blood, and he can breathe a little easier once he can see it really isn’t that bad. Still, he avoids Cas’s gaze as he reaches up to lower his hand from the wound, replacing the bloody gauze with a cotton pad soaked with alcohol. Cas sucks in a sharp breath at the sting of it, and without thinking Dean reaches over to entwine his free hand with Cas’s.
“It isn’t nothing.” Cas shifts to put some distance between them, just enough so he can easily hold Dean’s gaze. “Tell me.”
Dean gives a slight nod before leaning up to meet Cas’s lips, letting the embrace dissolve his doubts for a little while. Cas’s mouth is warm against his, that scrape of stubble that’s only just started to become familiar sending a thrill through him. Even if everything goes well, Dean knows it’ll be a long time before these thoughts stop plaguing him, if they ever do. They could be together still twenty years down the line, and even then it’s hard for Dean to imagine not worrying about losing Cas. It’s hard for him to imagine ever not worrying that he won’t be enough. But they’re together now, and Cas is so patient and gentle with him, and all Dean can do is try his best. Maybe that’s enough, at least for now.
“That’s new for you guys,” Ellie says, moving down the case. Her hands move methodically through the display, stopping in front of the mass of bone and meat that constitute the short-rib. “Special occasion?”
Claire catches Jack in the hallway before they leave, and they talk for a long time. It ends with Claire briefly clapping Jack on the shoulder and Jack letting it happen, and they both have smiles when they step away from each other. For two people with very different parents, they have the same way of looking up and smiling, the same way of nodding solemnly, the same blue eyes.
