“So, if I misbehave this week, you could put me in chastity?” Sherlock asked, reading over the list of punishments. “What if I
“Come to bed, love,” John suggested while giving Sherlock’s shoulder a squeeze. “I promise not to steal the blankets on you tonight.”
They were both dressed in black. Rosie was dressed in a sharp dress with shiny black shoes. They even had a little faux heel that clicked against the floor as she walked. John had even gotten her a hat with a black veil to pull over her face. Sherlock had upgraded his usual suit to one with a slightly different cut. It was the one he wore to family gatherings or weddings. But today, instead of celebrating the life yet to come, they would be celebrating a life well-lived.
“What did you come up with?” Sherlock asked excitedly while sitting and folding the jumper on his lap.
“Mm, for a particularly annoying sub who had the bad grace to make me wait.” John dragged his eyes down Sherlock’s body as he spoke, taking in the way the leather clung to his legs like a second skin. It did very little to maintain Sherlock’s modesty, and John felt more than one pair of jealous eyes fall on him when Sherlock sat down and picked up the drink.
“With an officer watching.” Sherlock narrowed his eyes, not relishing the idea of having someone over his shoulder while he worked.
Catching up John falls into step with Sherlock, watching as he weaves his way through the throng of evening pedestrians while firing off text after text. Every step Sherlock takes causes a soft
“Alright, surprise me then.” Shrugging, John pulled the cork out of the bottle and filled two glasses. “I’ll let you be in charge of our sex attic.”
"When you said warm, I wasn't expecting pizza oven hot," John said, voice muffled by the jumper temporarily trapped over his face. Once he pulled the garment off, he took his case back and looked around. While there was never much to see directly outside an airport, the palm trees were enough to inform him he was no longer in London. Or England, for that matter.
I have some TW coming for chapter 12. Just wanted to give everyone a heads up to watch the tags. I will update them as things progress. If you have any major squicks please feel free to email me (email in profile) and I can let you know what's going to happen and what parts of the story to avoid. Nothing will be utterly terrible, John will, of course, safe the day. But I just don't want to be the reason anyone is uncomfortable.
“Very good, Pet,” John praised as he lifted the hood off of Sherlock’s head. However, there were no soft touches, which showed Sherlock that he would not be physically rewarded for completing a punishment. However, he wasn’t being dismissed either. John looked at him with a mixture of love and concern, then asked, “Alright?”
Sherlock gave the woman an appraising glance before motioning her to come in. The woman is tall, though not quite as tall as himself. If she were to remove her black high-heels, she’d be roughly John’s height. In her mid-fifties, Sherlock notices that she’s remarkably fit.
“Lube. I’ll be right back.” He said, leaning down for a quick kiss and a fondle through Sherlock’s trousers.
“Your last collar. Well, at least your new one. If you ever want a new one, just tell me.” John said, coming up behind Sherlock he ran his hand over Sherlock’s shoulder then reached for the box. John had opened the box when it had arrived earlier that day. He’d nearly given it to Sherlock then and there, but had decided to wait until now. Taking the circlet of mahogany leather out of the box, he held it up for Sherlock to see.
Without warning, he pushed his head forward, swallowing John's length in entirety in one motion. When John's head was nestled deep inside his mouth, he constricted his throat and audibly laughed when John's legs buckled.
Sherlock’s lips were red and swollen when they finally climbed into the back of a cab. His hair was disheveled, and his shirt collar slightly askew. Catching sight of himself in the mirror, he scowled at John, who simply gave him an innocent shrug and reached for his buckle.
“To be honest, I don’t remember much, but I can guess what happened by the state of my clothes.” Sherlock wrinkled his nose as his eyes fell on his torn outfit from the night before. “They didn’t…”
“Why do you put up with me John?” Sherlock asked around a frustrated growl. Lifting his chin from his knees he rested the side of his face against John’s shoulder blade whispering, “Why?”
“Oh, Sherlock,” the sight caused his heart to do somersaults. Butterflies settled in his stomach, making his hands shake so hard the tea threatened to slosh onto their breakfast. John put the tray down on the nightstand then quickly turned his attention to the kneeling man.
Not needing to be asked twice, having wanted this since last night, Sherlock bent forward and rubbed the side of John’s shaft against his cheek. He buried his nose against the thatch of trimmed hair around its base and inhaled. John’s skin was still dewy from the shower and residual steam. Sherlock noticed that while the predominant scent was John's body wash, there was something indescribably human hidden in the crease of his thigh. Something he'd only caught in hints and brief whiffs whenever John walked past him. Something his brain registered as unmistakably
Sherlock stood quickly, nearly knocking his chair backward with this haste. He needed more information. Multiple people missing from different locations. Some missing on the same night. He needed eyes and ears on the ground, in places he couldn't be at the same time. And he had just the network full of people who could help.  Grabbing his coat from the back of his chair he pulls it on, the tails flapping in the air behind him as he moved across the room with newfound purpose.  His scarf fluttered to the ground, as he picked it up he turned to John, wrapping the blue fabric around his neck.
Sherlock listened to the change in John's breathing and felt a wave of smug satisfaction wash over him. The man who last night had been so concerned with keeping Sherlock's breathing calm and relaxed was now a panting mess. John's breath, seconds in, came as loud pants. As if he were a drowning man searching for life-saving oxygen.
“No hospitals,” John agreed gently, but quickly amended his promise, “as long as the tests come back on this vial, and show it wasn’t laced with anything, or you don’t start having seizures on me.”
“Yes, Sir,” Sherlock said with a dip of his head. He felt John’s eyes on him as he turned towards the closet where the dog tags hung on a hook. After collecting the tags and his cuffs, he returned to John and lowered himself to his knees. Holding both hands out, offering up his possessions, he lowered his head in submission.
“In another life, perhaps. But that would require me to be around people, and we both know what happens when I mingle.”
“Suck it.” He demanded in a harsh voice as he took a step forward, closing the small gap between them. “And smile for the camera.”
Arriving at the club two hours before opening, John and Sherlock were ushered in through a back door. Zed was already waiting inside, sat at one of the high top tables with a root beer in hand. He looked up when the door opened and all but dropped the drink in his hand.
Taking a deep breath, Sherlock gathered what little courage he had left. He hoped his next words wouldn’t send John running from his bed, but they needed to be said. John was already aware of his past addiction, but he needed to know the depth of it if they were going to do this.
“Let us hope it doesn’t come to that.” Mycroft snorted, though the smile on his face told Sherlock that perhaps his brother had gone through a change of heart regarding their kink. “This,” he said while pulling a single sheet of paper from his breast pocket, “is the analytic report on that vial Doctor Watson recovered, it was laced with a psychoactive agent, so please take care.”
“Black combat boots with just a hint of a heel. You’ll be wearing heels, I assume?” The skinny tailor said, turning to look at Sherlock.
“Mm,” Sherlock hummed, nodding his head slightly, his chin bumping against the side of John’s face. “As long as you promise to forget the word bea.”
“I missed you more than is proper to admit,” John whispered, letting his hand drift lower until it was cupping one of Sherlock’s butt cheeks. “It almost hurts to be away from you.
“He’s right,” John called from the kitchen, “This is his area, The Work. I just sit by and take notes. Once in a while, I do my best to keep him out of trouble.”
Friday dragged by for John. He felt as if time were moving backward. Towards the end of his shift, he even began fantasizing about leaving early, wondering if he gave the order if Sherlock would create a mock emergency that required his immediate attention at home.
John looked from his phone and smiled at his boss Sarah, as she crossed the room and sat down across from him. She winced, then adjusted her position and placed a hand on her very pregnant stomach, “I can’t wait for these two to stop kicking my organs.”
“I mean that you no longer look like a stiff breeze might blow you over. Healthy even. You’ve got more colour too.” John nuzzled his nose along the sharp line of Sherlock’s jaw, then opened his mouth but was cut off before he had a chance to say anything further.
“My case, inside pocket next to our toothbrushes,” Sherlock called out. He reached for his belt buckle and had his clothes off before John had made it to their cases. Quickly looking over the bedside table he found the remote to the AC unit and by the time John returned cool air was blowing over the bed.
“The feeling is mutual,” John said, flashing his friend a warm smile. He’d missed this, the easy companionship. The freedom that came with having friends with similar interests and Zed himself if he were honest. With Zed, he didn’t have to check himself. Zed accepted him for who he was.
“You don’t want to be tied up to some bedpost waiting for a cock to be shoved inside you,” John affirmed.”
“Nice day out,” John noted, looking up into the brilliant blue sky, now that the sunglasses let him do so without going blind.
“Yeah, well, I’m not done with you yet. I still have a day and a half with you. To enjoy this.” John released his grip on Sherlock's hair, using that hand to grip the other side of the doorframe. He stood there, blinking and dazed. Seeing but not comprehending the room in front of him.
“Oh god, yes. Brill,” he said as he scrambled to his knees. He only managed half the word, the rest cut short by Sherlock pushing back inside him with a quick snap of his hips. The rest of the word came out as a blubbering cry, which he silenced by shoving the duvet against his mouth.
“May I make a suggestion?” Sherlock asked cautiously. John nodded, his eyes lighting up in excitement at the realization that Sherlock wanted to be part of this discussion. “Can we enter into a week-long trial of full-time Dom and sub? I believe I would like it, especially if you give me the option to express my need for a break, but I won't know until we try it.”
The worst of the high was beginning to fade by the time someone came to check on him. Sherlock’s mouth felt like it had been packed with cotton, his throat ached for something to drink, and his head was pounding. Every noise seemed ten times louder to him. Something like rusty hinges screeched and Sherlock felt as if someone had ground broken glass straight onto his brain.
"If you don't want a bullet ripping through your cock I suggest you listen closely. Remove your vile organ from the vicinity of my boyfriend's mouth. Then, I suggest you shove it back inside your trousers where it belongs before putting your hands in the air. Do all this quietly, and I won't shoot you." John hissed as he pressed the barrel of his gun against the back of the man's head. Wisely, the man released his grip on Sherlock’s hair and followed John’s orders without uttering a sound.
“He would derive too much pleasure out of that, John. No, this arrangement is far more enjoyable than having Mycroft breathe down my back or come anywhere near my finances.” Sherlock finally looked up. The screen illuminated his face, but due to its proximity on his lap, the light cast dark shadows on his cheekbones and orbital cavity, giving him a haunted look.
“At ease,” he said loud enough for the crowd to hear, then shielding himself by turning his back to the spectators whispered, “alright to kneel?”
“Fucck, yeah, that.” John said, throwing a hand over his eyes and arching his back, “Yeah, that… God, that’s nice.”
Sherlock shuddered under John’s touch and words, turning his head and regarded John through hooded eyes.
“I’ll be here,” John assured him, bringing Sherlock’s hand up to his lips he kissed each knuckle before lowering their joined hands back to his lap.
“And you’ll be there, making me orgasm.” Sherlock stated firmly, “Not him, you. Only you get to give me pleasure, John. Despite his best attempts, Moriarty does not own me, does not control my body, he does not get to touch me. You do.”
“You sure?” John shut his book, the one he’d been pretending to read for the past week but hadn’t gotten past page eighty-seven, and looked up.
“Would you have taken them back to the flat or gone over theirs?” Sherlock asked a moment later. While the words had no real bite behind them, John sensed something dark lurking in Sherlock’s eyes.
Sherlock opened his mouth to begin answer, but John held up a single finger, begging just a moment more to speak.
Without hesitation, Sherlock nodded once, then tracked John as he moved across the room. He watched as John took his time, running his hands over the selection of whips hanging in the closet. Finally, after going back and forth between the riding crop and a leather-coated paddle, John picked up the riding crop.
"Something like that," John agreed, offering his hand for Zed to shake. "Thanks for coming. Having a few familiar faces here tonight will be comforting."
“If we didn’t have a contest to win, I’d see you go this whole night without an orgasm. As it stands, I know you cannot control yourself in subspace. On your knees. Now.” John released Sherlock’s throat and pointed to the floor then looked over at Lydia. “I know you and Zed have swapped for the night. But would you demonstrate to this submissive just how one should act when given an order?”
Sherlock reaches his hand across the gap and offers her a firm handshake, not at all put off by being the only submissive in the room. His collar might be his status with John, but these were his clients, not his doms.
“Hey, Sherlock?” he asked a while later, “I’m ready to tell our friends. Greg is bound to get suspicious if he doesn't hear from you soon, and Mike would argue that he deserves to know. What do you think about spreading the word that we’re dating? We can leave out the whole bondage stuff, of course. I just… I’m happy and want people to know.”
“Oh don’t worry, dear,” Mrs Hudson cut in, taking off her pink silk scarf she used as a headband. “Greg and I thought we could have a proper dinner tonight, all of us together. I’m sure you’ll have time to talk to Sherlock and Irene then.”
“I wish you could roll me up the stairs, I’m stuffed,” John groaned, panting slightly as they ascended the enchanted stairs.
“Hey, I have to go, sorry to cut it short,” Florida said at that moment, checking his Apple Watch. Hateful invention. Greg hated most of today’s technology. He didn’t trust anything made after 2005, especially printers. Vile fuckers. He usually checked the phones he got and installed some of his own upgrades that made him pretty much invisible to the government. “Gotta bounce, I have an appointment with my attorney in five minutes.”
“Your turn, Sherlock,” Lestrade said, holding out his arm with his palm upwards. Sherlock scrunched up his nose, sucked in a breath and glanced at John who was looking at him expectantly, seated in the shaky boat.
Sherlock’s curls bounced on John’s shoulder as he lay down, burrowing himself into John. “Goodnight. John.”
Announcements like the weather forecast continued for another minute, followed by an advertisement for the infamous horse hoof polishers (seriously?), and then the music came on.
“What’s wrong?” he asked, but Cas just pursed his lips and retreated up the staircase. “Did you have another seizure?”
“Anyway, I’m going out to hang up some fliers for the Shack. Do you want to join me? I know we didn’t exactly start with the right foot, but I can show you around the town, since you’re here for the first time and…”
“Did you just agree to compete with Janine?” Molly gaped, clinging to Violet. There was admiration in her glassy brown eyes.
“Don’t question it,” John told him, huffing a laugh. “Greg just… exists like that. He’s the Mystery Man for a reason.”
“Oh, ever since he was nine or ten, I suppose,” Mrs Hudson said, pulling out cheese from the refrigerator and slices of toast from the upper cupboard. “I was hired eleven years ago, just got back from Florida. Greg was in need of an upkeeper and I fit the criteria - plus we knew each other before that, so I started working immediately and John has been coming over every summer. He was - still is - such a cute boy. Polite and brave, responsible…”
“We should get rid of the crystal,” Kate beat her to it, and she nodded in agreement. “It does more bad than good. Can I crush it?”
Sherlock’s head snapped up to look at Lestrade, who wore an amused expression on his face, a bit dazed as if he remembered a precise conversation from the past. Sherlock saw no point in mentioning such a thing, but perhaps Lestrade and the other guy were close friends and thus the fond comparison.
“There! I see it!” Irene exclaimed excitedly after they’d done a round down the other side of the lot, staying on the concrete pathway.
"Their house is irrelevant to their actions. You act repulsed because your father, like anyone at the Ministry right now, is having problems with them infiltrating the place."
“Thanks!” John said for them both, grateful that they won’t have to watch out for Prefects all the way up. He’s too tired for that. Helga bid them a warm farewell, and soon they were climbing stairs to get to the upper level of the castle. “Scratch that, this is harder,” John huffed halfway through. Sherlock was capable of merely grunting a response.
Walking downhill, the overcast of shadows became chillier and colder. The local sounds of wildlife tuned out, but remained, although distantly. It didn’t go eerily quiet and sombre like when John and Sherlock went on Gloria Scott’s island, at least. This had a… regular atmosphere to it, a sprinkle of mystery hunt too.
“Okay,” John said, sighing. He wasn’t convinced but what could he do? He won’t intrude on Sherlock’s privacy, even though a gut feeling told him that something was off. Ever since he and Sam picked Dean and Sherlock up near the flooded bridge. His movements seemed too calculated, too controlled. But maybe he was overthinking it.
And although John was hurt more about the fact that she didn’t have the guts to break up ‘properly’ before she had found another prawn for herself, he was surprised how he felt weirdly wounded even at this moment. Well, he never favoured liars in the first place. So why would she want to date him again?
“Okay,” he huffed, taking a careful step back. “Try to get one of your legs to follow my movement. No, one
“So, do you think it was vampires?” John raised a sardonic eyebrow. So far this place wasn’t as cryptic as he’d imagined it would be.
“It pained me to leave Gloria alone in the cottage, so I asked Hudson to keep her company when he visited me before they put me in a carriage meant for New York. He promised he would keep her safe until I made it back, and I eventually managed to get out of the law’s unjust grip and went back to Oregon, our new home.
Irene instructed Cas what clothes to take with him and told him to put the dirty ones in the hamper so that they can get washed later. John left them to it, but as he passed by his room to return to the attic, a growl and the sound of tugging and fabric tearing made him open the door. Apparently Redbeard had wandered in there in his absence and he’d found an old pair of John’s sneakers which he now took as enemies and tore them to pieces.
Sherlock sighed and bit his lower lip, letting her words sink in. It was too late for him to think about it now. Romance as a whole was something he never cared to pay much attention to, except for that one time when he was fourteen. That was fine for about a month before it dissipated like a strong acid in water.
“Went downstairs to fetch cucumbers,” John said, sitting up. He threw his legs over the edge of Sherlock’s bed, shooting him an apologetic look. “Sorry, I just sort of… settled here. I’ll sit on the rug.”
Gloria’s screech chased after them. Sherlock risked a look over his shoulder, seeing the ghost charge at them, splattering water in its wake. He held onto Dean’s forearm and maintained his pace, both of them aiming for long strides that were easier for Sherlock rather than Dean, but he didn’t slow down.
first of all, let me preface this that in this fic, the supernatural timeline and events are divergent from s5 onwards. NOW BEFORE YOU QUESTION ME, I HAVE MY REASONS: 1st, don't worry, all the angst associated with all 3 fandoms are coming, it's just going to hit you with more eventuality.
“I think it wants a home,” Cas said, shrugging. “They’re rather stubborn, goats. And they can digest almost anything.”
“I’m neither adorable nor cute, John,” Sherlock said disapprovingly, taking the paper napkin from him.
“Hey, it’s fine. Not like you have to hurry. Sally will book us in quick. My birthday is in two and a half weeks, chill. Just go and have fun with your buddy Florida Man, alright?”
“Still sulking?” Irene probed three hours into the long bus drive. Sherlock sucked in a deep breath. He expected her to keep quiet for about two hours. Seems like her music repertoire was enhanced by a new selection of radio pop music.
“I’ll pass the word to other club owners,” Matt said helpfully, have them reach out to your copper if they’ve noticed anything.”
“What have you done to me?” He asked aloud, adjusting his grip on one of the bags. “I’d do that again in a heartbeat if he were willing.”
had a connection to Moriarty, or he at least knew someone who did. Luckily for us, you left him alive.”
“You’re covered in bruises, so I would say no. No, they were not gentle with you. I’m just sorry I didn’t get a chance to shoot anyone.”
“Tomorrow. Right.” John said, casting a worried glance at Sherlock. Sherlock, however, just squeezed his hand and accepted the tickets.
“Yeah,” John vocalized, trying to sound understanding and not relieved. He liked Sarah, but the thought of sitting down with his boss and her husband with Sherlock wasn’t his idea of a pleasant evening. He glanced up at the clock and groaned, “that’s me back to work. If I don’t head back, the boss will have my head. I hear she’s extra grumpy from being sleep deprived.”
“Oh god, yes. I’m willing.” John said, wrapping his arms around Sherlock’s lower back. “So very willing.”
“Actually a sub,” Sherlock said with a coy wink, “subspace allows my brain to shut off. I use it as an alternative to drugs.”
Humiliation had been enjoyable in his younger years. However, Uni had changed that for him. The never-ending chorus of
Sherlock turned his attention from his feet and did his best to block out John’s anxiety while he focused on the data in front of him. The wall above the sofa was plastered with photos and police reports. Dozens of small brass tacks held each piece of paper in place. Each sharpened point leaving their physical mark on their home.
"What part was the most uncomfortable in the past? Too hard, deep, fast?" John asked while tracing the crease of Sherlock's thighs.
“Save that for later,” John said with a laugh. “Get dressed, and I’ll go call Zed, make sure he and Greg are on their way.”
“Rude, rude,” Sherlock said, pointing a still slimy finger in John’s direction. “Why can you roll your eyes at me?”
“And terrorize me with your cold nose,” John grunted, though he squeezed Sherlock’s hand at his sentiment. It was nice to see this side of Sherlock and not just the brilliant but analytical mind behind the suit. “It’s dripping on my neck.”
“Speaking of control,” John said after choking down a bubble of laughter, “We’ll have to ring up Paige and then Matt and Elvio. Tell them the news. Zed too. Unless you’ve spoken with them.”
“Pity, that would have been a funny tan line to explain to Lestrade.” For a single moment, Sherlock looked disappointed but smiled when he realized that John was giving him permission to collar him for the whole week. “But, I suppose I can make use of the time we spend indoors.”
Sherlock smirked, watching her eyes shift from John to the tea, then back to the corner of John’s mouth, where crumbs from a biscuit he’d snagged while in the kitchen still clung to his skin.
“All of them exhibited this habit?” Sherlock leaned forward in his chair, letting his hands drop to his thighs.
“Two girls are missing,” John said softly, though he understood Sherlock’s excitement. It had been weeks since the last case that hadn’t been missing jewelry or a domestic squabble.
Without thinking, John lifted a folded bundle of paper to his nose and inhaled. “Sometimes, I imagine I can still smell her perfume.”
Taking the loose ends of rope with him, John walked around to the back of Sherlock’s chair, dragging his hand along Sherlock’s torso as he went. No longer blocking Sherlock from the audience, the onlookers received their first look. Judging by the low murmuring that surged through the crowd, they liked what they saw. John rewarded Sherlock for his good behaviour with a quick pat on the head, then looped the rope over the back of the chair as he surveyed the crowd.
“Busy,” is all Sherlock said as he carried two boxes out at once, “I trust him to call if it’s important.”
“Uh, Sherlock,” John said, fishing in his pocket for the small silver key. He held it up with an amused smile. He loved that Sherlock, countless times a day, forgot that he wore John’s collar. “Com’ere first.”
Pushing his plate back, he stood up so fast that his chair threatened to topple over. Catching it with a hand against the back, he hastily pushed it back under the table. Out of instinct, he headed straight for the bedroom until he remembered that he’d placed the key to Sherlock’s collar on his laptop. He hurried to grab it, then returned to the closed door. With a soft knock on the frame, he pushed the door open and called Sherlock’s name.
“Maybe out in the back, our private beach?” John suggested as he got down on his knees beside the bed. Glancing up at Sherlock he smiled gently, encouraging Sherlock to put the collar on him.
“I don’t understand, Sherlock.” John confessed in a whisper, “If you love being touched this much, why withhold it from yourself?”
He found a vein in his left arm, then balled his hand into a fist. The leather band, declaring John's love bit into his flesh, but he ignored it. John didn't truly love him, if he did he'd be here helping him. Not off drinking, and quite possibly flirting with the nearest thing with a pulse.
“Oh?” John turned to face Sherlock while reaching for his trousers, “A case? Something for me to poke around in?”
“Oh, oh that’s good.” John nodded, feeling a sliver of Sherlock’s excitement. “Greg would have all the evidence, phones and that sort of thing.”
“Ahh… Let me guess,” John drummed his fingers on the seat and lowered his voice as if he were talking to a co-conspirator, “You’re here to lecture me on my distasteful sexual desires. Warning me off from my sinful ways. Or, better yet, you’re going to threaten me to stop engaging in them with your brother.” Turning in his seat, he faced Mycroft, pleased to see his face pinched with annoyance, “You’re probably going to try and intimidate me, get me to stop dating your brother. Does the collar around his neck bother you
"I'm here," he said again, more for his benefit than Sherlock's as his fingers trembled against Sherlock’s face.
“You wouldn’t dare!” Mrs. Hudson’s eyes flashed with amused mirth, clearly too taken by her discovery to be put out by Sherlock’s threat. “I’ll knock, from now on, and you two can get your own paper in the morning.”
The rest of the afternoon passed by in a blur of nervous tension. Though this had been John’s idea, he found himself having second thoughts as the hour of their departure grew closer. Too anxious to do much of anything, John flitted from attempting to update his blog to sorting out the sink in the bathroom upstairs. Someone, (Sherlock), had dropped one of the keys that fit their set of padlocks down the drain, then had tried using a spreader bar with a magnet attached to the end to fish it out. The end result being they now had a key
“It will be intense. I don’t take this lightly,” John’s hand slipped from Sherlock’s hair to stroke along the collar at the back of his neck, “when wearing this, I won't tolerate disobedience. There will be punishments set in place, should we continue.”
“I do, Sir. Thank you for your trust.” Sherlock watched, unblinking, as the leather band wrapped around his wrist. It was only slightly thicker than his watchband, and immediately he welcomed the new sensation.
“Subspace,” John countered the conversation snapping him out of his internal crisis, “not orgasms, subspace.”
John was about to reply when he felt his mobile vibrate in his pocket. Shaking his head in an amused manner he pulled the device out and carefully read over the text.
They lapsed into silence, and John contented himself with pouring every ounce of care and affection he could into his touches. John thought Sherlock had drifted back off to sleep when his voice, muffled by John’s collar bone, said, “What are the chances my Captain wants to spoil me with breakfast in bed? To show me how much he truly cares, of course.”
“I love you too, John, now get over here and take me before I go find something phallic-shaped,” Sherlock complained around a playful wink.
“Zed, darling.” Lydia said, saddling up to her Dom’s side after tilting her head in John’s direction, “A competition is in order, I think. The first sub to orgasm wins, the loser has to buy everyone currently here a round of drinks.”
John choked around a mouthful of yoghurt. He felt his face heating and knew his cheeks would be bright red, rendering any excuses pointless. With a resigned sigh, he put his spoon down, unsure that he could look at the creamy dish and keep a straight face while thinking about sex with Sherlock.
“I like the trousers,” John admitted softly, his voice breaking the hushed silence as Sherlock, Jesper and his assistant waited with bated breath. “They’re clingy, but not so tight I can’t move. And, well… the bulge is…” He trailed off, catching Sherlock’s eye in the mirror.
John was just putting the last plate on the drying rack when Sherlock stepped out of his room. He was wearing his favorite pair of pyjamas and was just sticking his long arms into his blue dressing gown when John motioned towards the kettle.
Sherlock’s ears just barely registered a loud shout from above their location. His captor looked up at the ceiling and frowned, but after a second reached down and pulled his mobile out of his trousers. After fiddling with the screen for a moment he gets the device unlocked. Holding it up high by his chest he wiggled his hips, thrusting his cock out in Sherlock’s direction.
“Now you have it on your thumb.” Sherlock purred as he reached out and captured John’s wrist in his hands. Guiding John’s hand up to his mouth he stuck out his tongue and flicked the tip over the pad of John’s thum.
, with, as you mentioned, boundaries. Your desire to keep this private and not parade it around New Scotland Yard is appreciated.”
“He’ll be on the best of behaviour tonight now,” She agreed, accepting John’s extending hand she stood then leaned up and kissed his cheek. “Though, I wouldn’t mind my turn with you. If you and Zed wanted to swap some night at Lotus.”
John held both hands firmly around the small of Sherlock’s back, holding his submissive close in a steady grip. Whenever the line shifted, he’d nudge Sherlock, and they’d shuffle forward together, their bodies never breaking apart. Only when the queue had diminished, and they were sixth in line, did he let go. Sherlock barely had enough time to regain his composure before it was their turn to enter. The same receptionist greeted them with a strained smile. This clearly was the worst part of her evening.
Unable to refuse the request, not that he wanted to, Sherlock fell back into bed with John. Their bodies instantly seeking each other out, legs and arms slotting together as their chests pressed against each other. John buried his face in the crook of Sherlock’s neck and let out a happy sigh.
“Relationship, yes.” Sherlock said, recalling John’s questions with ease, “I want a relationship with you. For months now, I’ve feared that I ruined my chances at that when I shot you down at Angelo’s. I wasn’t certain then that you were serious. Now I know better.”
The collar was made up of two strips of leather sewn on top of each other, with a single O ring in the front. The bottom layer of leather didn’t quite reach the front, forming wings, that would hug Sherlock’s throat. On the right wing, John had had the word “Locked” embossed.
John caught himself by placing a hand on Sherlock's head. His strong fingers scraped along Sherlock's scalp, threatening to throw off his concentration. Sherlock felt his jaw go slack, and his back relax.
“Oh!” Zed’s amused laugh rumbled over the hushed crowd. Winking at Lydia, he gave Sherlock an appraising look, “You think your rope bunny has better endurance?”
“All you have to do is ask if you want something, Sherlock. Chastity doesn’t have to be used as a punishment. Not only that, I view this more as a pirate’s code. Guidelines, nothing more. If something doesn’t sit well but is allowed in the contract, I’ll, of course, not push you.”
"If it's a missing persons case, we're probably on it already. It wouldn't be my case, though. I'm in homicide, not special victims."
A soul-wrenching sob worked its way out of Sherlock’s throat. John felt Sherlock’s tears soaking into his shirt as his lover shook against him. Fingernails dug into John’s skin through his shirt as Sherlock clung to him.
“Is it too much, John? If it is, just say the word, but if anyone can do this, it’s you. You already do so much for me without realizing it. You monitor how long it’s been since my last meal; you make me rest if I’ve been on my feet too long, you prod me to say please or thank you. Generally, you’ve already done your best to shape me into a decent human being, simply by asking. I’ve found it impossible to deny you in the long term.” Sherlock sucked in a breath, then blew it out slowly. “In short, I trust you.”
“Jesus, you’re so fucking tight,” John murmured around a guttural groan. “I’m not going to last long inside you, not when you’re making such delicious sounds and when you feel like
“Trust your gut, John. It isn’t wrong often.” Zed patted him on the shoulder and pointed to a bar. “That’s The Gents, the bar I was telling you about. Elvio is waiting inside for us.”
“Alright, quick fondle, then I’ll send them packing.” John agreed then went back to stand behind Sherlock while stroking his cock through his trousers. He could see Greg in the crowd, their eyes met and Greg gave him a thumbs up before returning to scanning the growing throng of people. Turning his attention to Lydia and Zed, John saw that they’d already begun. Lydia was already in the process of running a flogger down Zed’s back. Reverting his focus back to Sherlock, John picked up his flogger then stepped back to inspect his submissive.
“Do you truly understand, Sherlock? Can I take this hood off, or do you need more time alone with your thoughts?”
“Yes, Sir.” Sherlock walked past the door with a sense of smug satisfaction. His brother would have heard John’s choice of the word visitor and his commands. But John had orchestrated it so Mycroft would not get any pleasure out of seeing his brother collared.
“Well, it's not sex. Just… me tying you up.” John amended, though he too failed to see a significant difference.
"Of course not," Sherlock said, not really listening to him. He stopped in the middle of the stairs before they parted ways, handling John half of his chocolate. "Take it, I won't eat it all."
“One night, Lucifer and I had a fight. I stalled him for the Winchesters’ sake so that they’d get away, long story, but it didn’t end well for me. I died at my brother’s hands in cold blood. Or so I thought.”
It was now John’s turn to blush. “Well, I’m glad. And I don’t want you to overthink it anymore, alright? We’re going on a date, because I like you. Tremendously. And we’re going to have fun, okay? Actually, all those times when you rushed off -- I wanted to talk about the date itself and the idea I got. Well, borrowed from Kate, really, but whatever.”
“I… Gimme a second, I’ve got to remember…. Myrtle… Warr..en? Yeah, Warren, or something,” he said, shrugging. Sherlock huffed, but stayed silent as not to interrupt Greg’s storytelling. “Okay. So she was killed, OH - and she was a muggleborn, I think.”
“Oh, you’re back soon!” the ghoul exclaimed, and its companion blinked, looking up from his boring game of solitaire. “We’ve got the money. Here.”
Sherlock looked up, sitting up on the balls of his feet. “I had a soft landing,” he smirked, dancing out of John’s reach.
John squinted in the dim light of the dungeon room at the text. A Fire Protection Potion. That sounded rather difficult. “Sherlock?”
“That’s what I’m trying to figure out,” Doctor said, stuffing hands in his pockets. His gaze roamed over Irene and Sherlock, tongue darting out to a corner of his mouth. “Irene and Sherlock… What’s your last name?”
Special thanks to, uh, Lin Manuel Miranda for The Room Where It Happens, cuz I vibe to it nowadays; and also Bee and Dee
“Greg, did you seriously think I didn’t notice when you first employed me?” Mrs Hudson said, clicking her tongue. “I wasn’t born yesterday, you know. And besides, I know what’s truly going on in this town just like you do.”
She peaked over her arm at Sherlock’s empty bed. Of course the git wouldn’t sleep in during summer holidays. Workaholic, that one. As if he didn’t spend enough sleepless nights on studying in Toronto. He needs a serious break.
“What?” John got up on one elbow to stare up Sherlock, eyes droopy. “Sherlock, I ain’t letting squirrels near my nuts, no sir.”
“No, I meant… I enjoyed the time with you, of course I did. I always do,” Sherlock said quietly, looking at his feet. Left, right, left, right. “But yes, the interruptions were inconvenient. You said yourself that we can make up our own rules for the first date. I didn’t mind the party; I was happy to see Irene perform, and to scam that prat who dissed Kate’s decorations.”
“Right, but it didn’t tell us a thing on how to deal with the ghost,” Dean chimed in, peering over the top of the journal’s pages. “Although it isn’t that hard. We’ve done it plenty of times, but if she’s as twitchy as your journal says, we’re in for some work. You sure you don’t want to hand it over to us?”
“Cas needs new clothes,” Irene said, ruffling Sherlock’s hair to mess it up. He tried to shoo her away but she was persistent. It developed into a cat and mouse chase of whether Sherlock managed to catch her hand before she withdrew it or not. “He’s been wearing the same outfit for days, if not longer. Plus we don’t know for how long exactly he’s been lying in the grass among pigeons. He needs pyjamas too, I bet. He has literally no belongings. I think he should go with guys the first time he’s shopping for clothes. I can tailor his fashion sense later.”
” Cage commanded, and some of his beauty pageant soldiers scurried off while the rest guarded the prisoners. “Honestly, you’d think Barbies are better than knitted dolls, but I think they have nothing but thin air in their heads. Stuffing worked and obeyed without a hitch.”
The sun had set, and stars high above shone bright, although distant and far in-between the clouds. Crickets sang in the grass, the forest eerily quiet compared to the party booming in the Shack. A petrol lamp illuminated their ticket stand (which consisted of a wooden plank being propped on concrete bricks, John’s back thanking Greg passive-aggressively), the cash tin filled to the brim.
“Yeah, sure, as if you’re going to catch anything,” she snorted into her cup, and Sherlock did too. Lestrade opened and closed his mouth, defenseless.
“Amanda. We went to school together and graduated the same year. But she’s going to another college, so we haven’t seen each other that much this past year except for holidays. We’re going on a date later today, so I’m excited!”
want to move faster,” Sherlock signed, glaring. Walking was indeed harder than he’d anticipated. “And I want to walk.”
All hell broke loose again. Madame Maxime said that the younger boy was lying, and Professor Snape was observing the disbelief with growing sneer. Both Karkaroff and Maxime kept bringing up Dumbledore’s abilities on procuring magic, but Professor McGonagall had none of that, fiercely defending both Dumbledore and Harry, scowling at Snape in the process. If Dumbledore believed Harry, then she did too. Admirable, though Blake had a slight sense of being caught in some strange family drama.
“No, why should it?” John managed to say. “She was the one who ended the relationship. I don’t feel anything romantic towards her. To be frank, I don’t even want to go to the show, but I guess it won’t hurt to see her this once. She tried to hit me up the year before as well, but I played deaf. Maybe seeing me again will put her off.”
He felt sorry for the narrow pieces of wood. The tree from which the signs came surely never expected to be hung up in Oregon, having words like
“I don’t want to throw the rose away, but if we go down, I don’t have much choice,” she said, looking down at the plant speculatively.
Sam scrambled to his feet and looked around -- he had no weapons at his disposal. Damnit! Cas fended off the remaining tentacle arms and raised his hand above the water, muttering unintelligible words.
“Greg?” John called, rushing into the living room. His uncle turned to face him, hair a bird’s nest. Oh no. “Soap opera?”
“Who shut you down?” Irene asked, looking apprehensive. She shouldn’t, John basically started it and allowed the question to be formed, but he didn’t mind.
"We came to negotiate, don't worry" yelled out the werewolf, laughing maniacally. "We won't hurt you… Yet."
Millie clicked her tongue. “They’re both incredibly clever children. So is your John. Which is why you should talk to them.”
TARDIS took them back to the past half-hour. The Doctor gave out instructions as they marched out to fulfill their goal to make Mike and Molly happy.
"Uhm, that's what friends do," John shifted on his feet. He knew Sherlock said he didn't have friends, but he genuinely believed that they developed an honest friendship.
“Great,” Greg pinched the bridge of his nose. He let out a frustrated sigh. “I can go and get a new one now, fan-fucking-tastic! Did you at least get your phone?”
“Alright, Sherlock, what’s wrong?” John said, sitting down on the sofa next to Sherlock. John put a hand on his knee and squeezed it reassuringly. Sherlock tried feigning indifference, somewhat soothed by the hot chocolate and walk they had had earlier. Rosie was tucked under blankets, sleeping upstairs soundly.
“Uh, the giant black wings that are literally attached to Castiel’s back?” John jerked a chin in the direction, heart beating fast. He was mad, wasn’t he. Jesus Christ. Sherlock looked Castiel over one more time, but shook his head.
“I’ll pray for your kneecaps,” the angel said to Greg, patting him on the shoulder awkwardly as he passed him. Greg blinked twice, barely registering it.
The sun was barely above the horizon, the early sky soft pink that faded into orange in colour. Sherlock fumbled downstairs to the kitchen, John and Mrs Hudson already up. Mrs Hudson was, at least. John sat on a chair, back pressed against the wall, his chin propped up on his left fist, eyes closed. There was a sleek rectangular window hovering above his head that cast a halo on his fair hair. Sherlock smiled to himself and pulled up a chair, yawning.
“Probably forever,” Irene said, dipping the tiny brush in the polish again. “She is too shy to say anything, thinks she’s too old for dating.”
The Feast was as grand as John remembered. Lots of mouth-watering food, delicious smells, and a different, but familiar homely atmosphere. He parted with his friends at the entrance, joining his table. He suffered through the Sorting ceremony, introduction of new Professors (Slughorn retired, the new teacher was young), and Professor Dumbledore’s beginning-of-the-year speech with a very empty, very loud stomach. Once the food appeared in front of him, he devoured the closest meals he could scramble on his plate and didn’t stop until his half-finished third serving.
Hello everyone! Welcome back to Reichenbach Falls, where John deals with his ex, Irene has his back, and Sherlock is pining~
“Cas! Are you alright?” Dean asked, but Cas was busy willing his tired wigs to cooperate as they wrapped tightly around his friends. They both yelped at the invisible force and Cas held them close.
“I’ll write myself up for the boxing match!” one short man exclaimed, jugging down a glass of fizzy, blue soda.
“You know,” he began, “there’s another thing. The kids found stray dogs, two Irish Setters. A mom and a puppy. So we took ‘em to Lilly Hooper’s and as it turns out, they have no owners. I think you can guess where this is going and yep, we adopted them. They’re adorable.”
“Fucking amazing, this day,” Dean cursed, he and his brother retreating. They each took down at least three of the dead, and Sherlock marvelled at how many idiots Gloria lured in, ignoring the possibility they were in the same category now. “Backs to each other! Don’t let them sneak up on you.”
Mycroft moved to let them ascend the moving stairs first, stalking right after them. Once they reached the crossway, the Head Boy turned to John, placing a hand on his shoulder. “I trust that you will not wander off on your way to the Gryffindor Tower, yes?”
“Why would he want to get in?” Blake said, brows furrowed at his friend’s reluctance to face the obvious facts. “He’s had enough. You should have seen his face. Even the whole of Slytherin thinks he got in for the attention.”
They slipped away after the distance between them and the Prefect was large enough, and basically sprinted all the way back until they were back on the Potions corridor.
“I don’t know,” John said, biting his lip not to burst out laughing, “but you are well in the age of getting legitimately arrested. Oh boy, that’d be fun explaining to other prisoners. They’d ask, ‘Whatcha in for?’ and you’d be like, ‘I robbed a grave from the nineteenth century’ and then you’d add, ‘I wanted to feel like Hamlet’.”
Mary’s scarf sprawled over the back of her seat, flouncing from side to side as the car bumped on the road into town. The tips of her fingers danced furiously over her phone’s keyboard as she tapped out a message to an unknown number. Ugh, Irene hated that clicking sound. Why can’t people turn it off?
“I suppose she sustained an injury in the past, but not major enough to cripple her,” Sherlock said, brows furrowed in a sad frown. He should’ve expected Sherlock to be a softie around animals, just like Greg is. These two are more similar than Sherlock would admit.
“Grace? Let’s go,” Sherlock prompted, tapping his thigh. Grace stayed put, standing her ground. Redbeard looked from her to Sherlock, tongue out and tail wagging. Irene and Donna halted to see what they were doing.
“I’m chaotic? That’s what you’re trying to say?” John had reached for a bottle of water on his bedside table and unscrewed the cap. He had to keep his water intake regular. One glance at the clock had told him it was quarter to five.
Irene couldn’t suppress her smirk. John headed out and upstairs, tipping his imaginary hat at Kate and Irene, bidding them a farewell. “I love your family,” she said solemnly to Greg, who, if it were possible, looked so exhausted that it was a wonder how he didn’t fall asleep standing upright.
“Cas,” Dean interrupted, smirking, “you kinda did. Is he aware of this? You reading his entire mind?”
“Are you both fucking serious?” Greg gaped. “I mean, I know you told me you went out once, and you were docked points for that too, but
Soon enough Professor McGonagall got to the letter L, and Greg was called forth. Seconds after sitting down the Sorting Hat had shouted: HUFFLEPUFF, and off the boy went to join the yellow Badgers. A small boy followed shortly, Jim Moriarty, and he was sorted into Gryffindor,though he didn't look too thrilled about it.
Humming, Sherlock readjusted his arm that was falling asleep and then burrowed himself into John. “I associate cinnamon with Christmas. It does have a calming effect. I think my favourite food is gingerbread cookies.”
of a kick. Sooner than Sherlock could reprimand Irene for her short-sightedness regarding his general health in bloody
Dean put the curtain in its place so as not to disturb the photo taking process and walked to the cashier’s desk to pay for it. The guy -- Barry -- has just gotten to the photo booth to get ready, and he shouted to Cas that he should see a countdown clock above the camera.
“Greg has a Mystery Shack,” Mummy had said in hopes that would get Sherlock’s attention. Wrong. This ‘Mystery Shack’ was barely mysterious when it had to state such a thing. He had groaned into the phone, folding himself down on the bed. “Oh, Sherlock, stop sulking! Dad and I need a getaway this year, and you should go out and meet new people too.”
“Yes? Yeah, I suppose you’re right about us being blind otherwise. That kind of sealed the deal for me.”
Mike had a hard time listening to the description. He went green, inhaling and exhaling slowly. Wilkes next to him sank further into the satin, feet tapping nervously. Kate and Sarah were clinging to each other, eyes wide and fixed on the ghoulish sight. Only Billy looked somewhat impressed, if a little weirded out. Eddie swallowed Freddie’s every word with keen interest after the initial shock had worn off. Obviously, he loved Queen, he had stated as much. John’s eyes, however, flickered around, observing the ghoul, his friends, and then Sherlock, silently inquiring about his next step. His heart skipped a beat when he fully realised that John firmly held onto Sherlock’s skinny hand, fingers woven together.
“I hate you,” Sherlock said. Cas was watching them akin to an invested regular of a soap opera, head moving from one sibling to the other as they exchanged biting remarks.
Dull thumps of soundwaves bounced off the damp underground walls only to return to the confined space where Greg was hammering a nail into a stubborn piece of wood. The artificial lights were sharp and hot, and his skin glistened in sweat and accumulated dirt. Good thing they built showers near the lab on the -2 floor. That way he won’t risk getting caught in his less than usual grace in case the kids or Cas are up and wandering around the Shack at unchristian hours of the morning when he resurfaces.
Harry bit his lip, his mind suddenly racing furiously as what to do next. He looked around the street around again, his paranoia meter rising with every second. He knocked on the huge door as loud as he dared and waited.
John had cursed when an anatomy book fell on the floor despite his effort not to let it slip from his grip. Fuck this. He had thrown himself onto his bed, sheets crumpled and unmade. He couldn’t have cared less about the state of it since he was the only one occupying it.
“True, but I got a handy invention out of it. I think I better go. I don’t know who may see me crawl from under the porch like some cryptid from Steven King, so I shouldn’t risk it.”
“Irene picked out a gorgeous dress for Mrs Hudson,” Kate told him, pointing at said item which lay spread out on the back of a free chair. Greg hummed in approval, licking moisture from his upper lip.
“That’s actually when it kicked me that I should do something about it,” John conceded, scratching his neck, eyes downcast. He worried his lower lip between his front teeth, then yawned. “I’m not blind, you know. Just careful.”
much data on their hunting lifestyle and hunting techniques! Maybe another ghost case would pop up, too….
But when Sherlock turned seven, shortly after his birthday, Mycroft had disappeared. No one knew where. He started working on the side and he was travelling at the time. It happened in the US. At first, Mummy reassured Sherlock his dealings may have made his brother rather busy. But as time went on, and summer holidays approached, and the eventual international search for Mycroft was declared over, something in Sherlock had broken and he distanced himself. And understandably so.
Irene snuck out of the attic room under the pretense of taking a shower. Sherlock had crashed down onto his bed and fell asleep immediately as soon as they got in, for once, but it was safer not to risk it.
There was a gasp and swift motion behind him. Seb rolled aside, a second vampire missing him by inches. He kicked him square in the chest, while a third vamp tried to go after his neck. He elbowed the creature and gutted him on the spot. While it didn’t kill him yet, it gave Seb time to manouver.
“I’m not sure, to be honest. My indisposition and inability to use my powers in spite of having my grace stocked up infinitely poses a mystery of its own. I rebelled, therefore I was cut off from Heaven and became human. Then I woke up surrounded by presumably extinct aviators and took an immediate trust to John, and to an extent, Sherlock.”
"You resemble him a lot and since the Daily Prophet tails the Aurors he had a lot of appearances recently," explained the boy. "It's enough to put it together if you're not blind. Plus you share the same name as him, Greg Lestrade. I doubt the coincidence is too big to mean you two aren't related."
Mrs Hudson scowled at the nickname and shook her head. “I swear on my apron, Greg, you wouldn’t last on your own for one day. Stay here, I’ll look for it.”
“What are you two up to?” Irene’s voice cut through the ‘pop’ as John opened the bottles with sauces.
“Are you sure you don’t want to go have a look, Rosie?” John cooed, but his daughter vehemently shook her head and held onto Dada instead. “Alright. I’m overruled by two grinches, it seems. Let’s go buy food, then. There’s a Tesco nearby.”
When the general buzz quietened down a little, he looked up at the Hufflepuff and Ravenclaw tables. He saw Greg flicking mashed potatoes at his dorm mate (Ackerly?) and ducking a chicken drumstick in the process. When his eyes travelled over the blue table, he jumped a little. Sherlock was already watching him intently.
“Not sailors,” Sam said firmly, but softly. Dean tensed a little, his eyes narrowing at the ghost. Sherlock was sure he was calculating the risks and where the situation may escalate. They were no rookies in this.
“I changed my name from James Armitage to James Trevor, but someone pointed them in my direction and they jailed me and accused me of stealing and murdering a local businessman. Of course, I didn’t do it, and before they dragged me away I promised my darling Gloria I would come back. I gave her my ring which Hudson helped me acquire for our wedding and she gave me hers, an heirloom after her grandmother which would remind me of her, and I hid it well. It’s a simple ring; her grandmother wasn’t one for fancy jewelry.
“You have committed crimes against Reichenbach Falls!” she accused the doll in question, stripped of all her dignity by being dressed in clothes that lacked glitter. Cas learned that tiny Irene loved glitter on clothes. Doing this to the Barbie essentially meant she was professionally shunning her. “How do you plead?”
Dean froze. Sam felt his guts squeeze into a knot. They exchanged a look. “Uh, yeah,” Dean said, frowning at the tiny fierce woman. “Mary Campbell was our mother and John Winchester our father. How do you know them? We’re actually looking for our aunt, Martha Campbell. We know that she lives in the Falls. Do you, by any chance, know her?”
“Mm, alright.” John nodded, then pulled his mobile out of his pocket to text both Greg and their driver. “Car’s on its way,” he stated, then looked over at Sherlock “You enjoyed that, a lot.”
“I’ll be here, Sherlock, by your side, no matter what,” John promised as he wrapped his arms around Sherlock’s shoulders and held him close. “Would it be safe to say that you want the responsibility of your transport to be in my hands while you tend to your hard drive? Or, am I misunderstanding?”
John murmured as he settled on his stomach between Sherlock’s legs. He kept one hand on Sherlock’s cock, slowly teasing the head while he worked two fingers inside. By the time John had three fingers inside, copious rivulets of precome were sliding down John’s knuckles and along Sherlock’s shaft. Sherlock’s whole body vibrated with the need to move, but he remained still as John teased his prostate. When he couldn’t take it any longer he half sat up and gave John a scathing look.
If she noticed, she said nothing, though her smile shifted into something more polite than genuine before she ducked her head and said, “Well, have a lovely evening.”
They only pulled apart when their lungs burned from lack of oxygen. John’s lips were red and swollen, and they turned up into a lopsided grin.
“I almost prefer you bossy,” John laughed as he hastened to obey his partner's wishes. Their lips barely had time to connect before a voice called through the bedroom door.
“Loads of options, we’ll go over them this week, and you can select the type you like.” Remembering his tea, John stuck the pen through the notebook’s spine and picked up his forgotten mug. “I’m going to propose a three strike policy during our training period. Complete the week without reaching the third strike, and we’ll move on to the next stage. Failure simply means we start over, and you’ll stay in your red collar until you can show me you know how to behave.”
“Oh god, you’re going to invite him ‘round for tea and buttered buns, aren’t you? Only I don’t mean edible buns.”
The swap from John’s mouth bobbing up and down on him, to the soft pressure breaching him, soon had Sherlock moaning. By the time John was up to his second knuckle, Sherlock was rolling his hips, trying to press down harder on John’s finger.
“Be safe, be good.” He said, kissing Sherlock’s forehead once more before standing up and reaching for his jacket.
Sherlock paused just inside his bedroom with one hand on the doorknob. Part of him wanted to shut the door, while the side of him that yearned for information desperately wanted to listen to whatever would pass between John and his brother. John hadn’t ordered him to shut the door, which meant he had no real preference and had left it open for Sherlock to decide. He briefly considered what each course of action would tell Mycroft.
“The whole trip, except when we’re heading outside. But not because I’m ashamed, I just don’t want the hot sun to heat the metal up around my neck.”
Sherlock, on the other hand, straightened his suit, thankful that despite the newly added perk of physical encounters with John, he hadn’t taken up the habit of parading around in nothing but his collar full time. He had, of course, thought about it, but Mrs. Hudson visited far too frequently to make it a reality. Instead, he saved that for sleepy mornings when neither of them wanted to leave the comfort of their bed, but one of them had to make breakfast. Or at the very least, tea before John got a headache from caffeine withdrawal.
“You’re in my bed,” Sherlock stated. His words were slurred, thanks to the pillow pressed against half of his mouth, and his voice was half an octave lower than usual. John shifted to his side, folding his arm under the pillow, and grinned back at Sherlock.
Mycroft’s eyebrows rose, his forehead wrinkling in the effort. As if the thought of Sherlock divulging information about his past was so farfetched to be unthinkable.
“Mmmm, no, this time it's a suggestion,” John called as he disappeared down the hall. “But I might let you come if you do.”
“Mmm, can’t help myself,” John grinned then nodded towards Sherlock’s wardrobe, “put pyjamas on and meet me on the sofa. I’m just going to do the dishes. Then I’ll be right there.”
Sherlock uttered a low baritone hum of approval, opening his mouth and welcoming John’s cock back inside. John demand had not been the reaction he had hoped for. Part of him had wanted to see John beg, if only a little, for Sherlock to make him come. Still, the command had sent a surge of fire through his veins. Something was intoxicating in the way John’s voice lowered nearly a full octave when he gave a common. It was the same tone he used when he was angry or demanding a criminal let Sherlock go.
“Attachment…” with a sigh, Sherlock forced his eyes open. John saw something profoundly sad darken his face. “Attachment, sentiment… they’ve never been an advantage for me. I’ve been used by more than one dom. I’m aware of how people see me, John, sexy and exotic. More than once have I been used for my body.”
“Why don’t I go ask if we can take the boxes? I can get a team to go through the contents, and you can come back to my office and go through the computer.”
“Fine, but pass me a condom. Easier cleanup that way.” John said around a smile, glad to see Sherlock wanted it as badly as he did. Sherlock settled on his elbows as he watched John wrap the latex around his cock. Giving himself a few slow strokes he looked up at Sherlock and brushed his thumb over Sherlock’s knee. He didn’t say it out loud, but Sherlock could see the question in John’s eyes. With a single nod, Sherlock lowered himself back to the bed and relaxed his legs.
Letting out a crisp bark of laughter, John clapped the man on the back before taking his case from the driver’s hand.
Sherlock felt his eyes go wide as John spoke. It wasn't the words causing his breath to catch and knees to wobble. It was John's tone and mannerisms. His voice had gone stone cold. Barely above a whisper, it was simultaneously the most terrifying and attractive thing Sherlock had ever heard.
His eyes flicked down to her chest, where the red rose indicated her purpose for approaching him. If he happened to spot a bit of cleavage peeking out of her leather halter top, he didn’t let on as he looked back up to meet her gaze. Without thinking, he quickly broke eye contact to glance behind here, where Sherlock still stood in the shadows.
All that mattered was John. It was up to him to bring John every ounce of pleasure he could muster. The deal was only sweetened by the fact that the pleasure was mutual, a joint endeavor. Suddenly John’s legs lifted off the bed and wrapped around his torso. The new position provided John with leverage that allowed him to lift his hips off the bed, and using his thighs, pull himself down hard on Sherlock’s cock.
“Sex attic, now,” John demanded, turning on his heels and heading up the stairs without waiting to see if Sherlock would follow.
“Couldn’t have that. It was disastrous last we attempted it.” Jesper sighed dramatically then motioned for John to step down off the platform he’d been perched on. “All set here, love. Come back in a few days, and we’ll have all the good little boys and girls drooling over you. What did I tell you, Locky? Good things come in small packages, and you’ve got a good one here.”
When John joined them, he was dressed in cotton pyjama pants and a shirt. Sherlock looked up from his cup of tea and smiled softly at his partner. John returned the smile, then turned to the kettle to fix himself his own cup, while listening to the two brothers talk.
Sherlock swallowed hard and tried to nod, but John kept his grip firm. He wanted to hear the words from Sherlock’s lips.
“It’s getting dark. Lean up against me, and no one will know. You’re the one who enjoys public situations.” He placed his other hand on Sherlock’s hip and twisted the man to face him, eyes glinting with desire in the streetlights, “That’s an order, Sherlock.”
“The goal is fifteen minutes, or first Submissive to give up,” John called out, with Zed nodding in agreement. As much as John wanted to glance over at Lydia and watch Zed’s sub work, he kept his eyes focused on Sherlock.
“I know your nightmares pretty well by now, love. Your lip always trembles when you’ve dreamt about there being a rift between us. I haven’t left you, so stop dwelling on it.”
“So good, you did so well,” John whispered, kissing along Sherlock’s jawline and stroking his sweaty hair.
“Fuck yourself on me,” John commanded, gripping Sherlock’s hips with both of his hands. “Keep up with the music.” Then louder, while looking at Elvio asked, “Can we get this song again?”
His options were white, pink, something that was trying to be gold but came off more like mustard and red. John had worn the white shirt, and while it had been laundered, Sherlock understood the distaste of not wearing the same thing in front of the same audience. Though the likelihood that no one would notice was high, John would know, and that was enough to make Sherlock pass over the crisp white shirt.
Sherlock hardly had time to read the first rule when John let out a pleased snort. His face broke into a wide grin as he wrote out a second rule, holding it up for Sherlock to read.
Soon the empty space around the grave filled up. Friends and family alike gathered side by side to celebrate a wonderful woman. Even Mrs Hudson’s nephew Jaxson had flown in from Germany for the funeral. Everyone had something to say, a story or a memory. And though it took well over their allotted hour, they continued to share until John stepped forward and cleared his throat.
“John Watson, you are an evil man. I might be falling madly in love with you.” Sherlock said with a snort while John tucked his mobile into the inner pocket of his jacket.
John opened his eyes to find Sherlock’s lips twisted into a smirk as he eyed the bulge in John’s trousers. Luckily for John, Sherlock wasted no time removing him of his belt, trousers, and pants. In almost no time, John was standing before Sherlock wearing nothing but his socks. Before he had time to feel silly, a warm hand wrapped around his cock. Sherlock applied pressure, guiding John by his cock until his thighs pressed up against the bed.
It was full of pictures and handwritten letters. John reached inside and drew out a small stack of photographs, fingering the older photos’ frayed edges, now yellowed from age.
“Sherlock Holmes, I’m not leaving you,” John said firmly while pulling Sherlock close. “Even if this had been your choice, I wouldn’t bloody leave you. You’re my friend, my boyfriend, the man I want to spend the rest of my life with. Not some fling I’m willing to throw out when things get tough.”
“Alright, fine. Charming it is.” John laughed softly, his lips ghosting over the shell of Sherlock’s ear. “Now get that bewitching arse up and come to the shops with me.” Knowing he’d pushed a button, John let out a playful yelp and stepped back as Sherlock picked up something slimy and pink from the table and brandished it like a weapon.
“Why don’t you wait and see if I can put this bloody thing back together,” John laughed, “if I do, we can talk about adding in some old porn music next time.”
off.” Mycroft’s disembodied voice sighed from the far side of the vehicle. “You and I need to have a tête-à-tête, after which I will instruct the driver to drop you off at the location of your choosing.”
“Mm, can we do this again please?” Sherlock asked while snaking his arms around John’s torso. “Minus one psychopath?”
Instead of pushing John away, he made it a point to be seen in public hand in hand with his Captain. He wore his red collar with pride, holding his head up high so it could easily be seen through his coat collar.
"John, come here," Sherlock called while getting down on all fours on one of the ottomans. "Come test the height."
“Spanking is overused as a punishment,” John shrugged, “Now for the fun part. Things that will help us maintain a bit of normalcy.”
John rose with the sun, per usual. The late-night interruption left him groggy, but it was nothing a strong cup of tea wouldn’t fix. He showered, and changed into fresh clothes, then, on a hunch, retrieved his gun. He had time to clean it and drink his first cup of tea by the time  Sherlock stumbled out of the bedroom dressed in only their sheet. Though his movements were sluggish, and the cobwebs not entirely gone, his eyes were bright as he read through the messages on his mobile.
Sisk dropping Moriarty's name had changed everything. The case had gone from arbitrary to personal in an instant. Sherlock could still smell the chlorine and feel the humid air. John's look of calm fear while blinking out S.O.S. was burned into his memory. An image he knew he'd never be free from, like their wall would never be free of this reminder.
“I’m way out of my league here,” Greg laughed then suddenly fell silent and a look of concentration overtook his bemusement. “Mycroft’s team is in place, we’ve got ten people already in line, three by each exit, and cars parked on every street nearby. Plus you’ve got me for eyes inside the club. I’ll be watching the crowd more than I’ll be watching you guys, so don’t let my presence make you nervous, John. My goal tonight is to watch Moriarty. If I can as much as spot him slipping something into someone’s drink I can hold him.”
“Burn it, and you won't be able to sit for a week,” John warned when he saw Sherlock eyeing the nearest bin. “I like that jumper.”
“Yeah, alright,” John reached for the lube as he slid out, coating himself back up while Sherlock got himself situated.
“Yesss. So full, god Sherlock. I’m so full with your cock.” His mouth gaped open as pleasure wound its way through to his very soul.
“No, let me finish, please?” Sherlock asked, continuing when John gave a small nod of assent. “You view your scar as a burden, a mark against your manliness. When I saw it last night, I didn’t think, ‘
, with Mycroft’s name and personal mobile number. The D.I.  alerted my brother before the ambulance arrived on the scene. Thus Mycroft was able to re-route my care. When I woke up, I was in the most prestigious rehab facility London has to offer. I spent four months there as a patient. Mycroft set the terms so I couldn’t leave on my own accord. I had only been released for a short while when you limped into my life.”
Sherlock’s face twisted into a grimace, but John held up a hand before he had time to vocalize his complaint.
Sherlock notes, then smiled, remembering the way John’s biceps had gleamed while he’d been working the rope.
“You have five seconds to begin each task after I give a command before I use this.” He said, sliding his hand down the shaft of the crop and flicking the leather tongue for emphasis. “What is your safe word?”
John didn’t dignify the question with a response. Instead, he stood up and went back to the bar, ordering himself another beer and a whisky for Sherlock. Weaving through the small crowd of people, he made it back to the booth and placed the whisky on the table across from him. Sherlock made him wait until half his beer was gone before strolling up to the table.
“He isn’t. Just trust me on that. What?” John asked when Zed pulled a face as if John had just said the sky was purple and the ocean dry. “He isn’t. You don’t know him like I do.”
When John was spent, he let go of Sherlock’s hair and staggered back against the doorframe. He stood there panting, back pressed against the wood while he dragged a hand through his still-wet hair.
“I desire to be yours, for a rather selfish reason. My brain is a chaotic place at the best of times. Imagine it, if you would, like snowflakes. Each thought unique, but when put together, they have the capability of creating something beautiful. However, only one out of one hundred ends up being part of the same puzzle.”
“Not sure, I hadn’t thought that far. I mainly wanted to see the scene again. It’s been a few years.”
John didn’t sleep much that night, but he remained by Sherlock’s side the whole night. He thanked their lucky stars that Sherlock was able to sleep. He’d been worried that the drugs would have caused him to be restless. But aside from a single nightmare, Sherlock slept with his head peacefully buried in the crook of John’s neck. It was nearing nine o’clock by the time Sherlock stirred. John brushed his hair out of his face, then traced the lines on Sherlock’s forehead as he pulled himself from sleep.
“Hold this,” he said, then stepped back behind Sherlock. Placing both hands on Sherlock’s hips, John slid his fingers over the smooth leather skirt in a gentle caress. Then, without warning, he gave Sherlock’s arse a hard slap before lifting up the hem of Sherlock’s skirt. Teasing himself, more than the crowd, he slowly dragged the fabric up over the subtle curve of flesh. Revealing Sherlock’s arse inch by inch he heard the crowd fall silent. When he had the hem of the skirt tucked up over Sherlock’s hips, John reached around and pulled Sherlock’s cock free from the leather folds. Giving it a quick squeeze, John released it then returned for the flogger.
“He’s with you?” a gruff voice said to John’s right. Pulled from his daze, John looked over and acknowledged the bulky man standing beside him, also watching Sherlock walk away. The man had an inch or two on John, and his shoulders were broader, a bodybuilder if John had ever seen one. He had a tattoo of a kraken on his bicep. There was something about the way his dark eyes tracked Sherlock, like a predator seeking his next meal, that instantly set John on edge.
"Of course you don't feel good. They've drugged you. Do you remember?" John asked, gently easing Sherlock's head back so he could get a clear look at Sherlock's eyes.
"Different climate. Here the humidity is so thick the locals claim you could cut it with a knife. It makes the heat much more oppressive than the dry desert heat you were once used to."
Mycroft had a car waiting for them when they stepped outside. While John was perfectly alright not paying for a cab ride, or taking the tube dressed like they were, Sherlock could see how the car riled up his nerves. It reminded him that they were not safe, that even now they were most likely being watched.
“Ungrateful girl just up and left,” the landlord explained to Lestrade while Sherlock stood back, his hands clasped behind his back and a neutral expression on his face. They’d been listening to the landlord go off on a tangent about his former tenant for rice minutes now. Four and a half minutes too long in Sherlock's opinion. He'd learned everything he needed to know about the slum lord in the first twenty-five seconds after meeting him.
The driver wasted no time in getting back into his car. Driving off, he left two giggling men standing on the porch.
“What, me, and Zed?” John shook his head as he continued to watch Zed. He had his lady suspended upside down again. One leg bent backward while the other was stretched out and tethered to a post by her ankle. “He’s more into the fairer sex, but we had a few duel sessions. Mainly it was talking between us.”
At his words, something in Mycroft’s face changed. Mycroft’s expression melted out of its usual mask of vague and threatening indifference to something of genuine surprise to all appearances. While that look only predominated his features for a fraction of a second, it had been unmistakable.
After they’d consumed more than their fair shares, and half the wine, John set the dinner dishes in the sink. Turning, he rested the small of his back against the counter and crossed his arms over his chest.
“It seems Sisk was telling the truth when he said he doesn’t know how to contact Moriarty,” Mycroft said with a regretful tilt of his head. “However, both men know a great deal about the trafficking ring, and with the information, they’ve already given us we’ve recovered nearly half of your list of missing. Most alive, though it is too early to tell if that is a blessing or not.” Mycroft nodded to the wall above the sofa, where their faces still sat tacked into the wallpaper.
“If that’s what it takes, and you’re willing, I wouldn’t mind trotting you around the shops in a leash.”
“Put him in leather. Two zips going up the legs to his hips. No buttons.” Sherlock crossed his legs and closed his eyes, making it obvious he was
“No, just trust me.” John urged gently as he slid the key into the small padlock. It opened with a soft click, and John pulled it free from the two small loops beside the buckle, then with quick fingers removed the collar. “C’mere.”
“Look at you,” John said, his voice a low grunt that sent an electric shock straight to Sherlock’s groin. “Hard and panting, exposed for anyone to see. God, you should have seen the crowd at Lotus staring at your crotch. But this is mine,” he growled, thrusting his erection against Sherlock’s hardened length to emphasise his meaning, “They could watch, but only I get to touch you.”
“Hot.” Sherlock finished for him. Rising to his feet the detective glided over to him with feline-like grace. Coming to stand behind John, Sherlock wrapped his arms around John’s waist, sliding his fingers over his hips and down his thighs. He rested his chin on John’s shoulder while staring at his reflection, “I might not allow you to wear anything but these ever again.”
“I’ll submit for punishment as soon as the case is over,” Sherlock began as he followed John up the stairs.
Prodding the man with his gun, the sound of a zip being done up fills the room. The instant the man is no longer hovering in Sherlock’s personal space, John springs into action. Withdrawing his gun, he flipped it around his grip and sent the butt of the handle flying hard into the back of the man’s skull. He crumpled to the ground with a heavy “Oof,” but didn't move when John kicked him once in the ribs.
Sherlock sucked his bottom lip into his mouth then closed his eyes before saying, “I would like for you to be my Dom. While we are home, I desire to be
“After what happened to you at Soo Lin’s, Sherlock,” he continued, seeing the frown on Sherlock’s face, “We take Greg. Especially as she hasn’t reached out to her friends in nearly six months. Who knows what’s waiting for us there.”
“Mmm, you sentimental sod,” John said, giggling and feeling his eyes begin to brim with happy tears. “You’re just saying that because you’re jealous? I saw the way she looked at me… and I think you straight up bruised my thigh.”
“Oh Christ,” John shook his head and pushed the thought out of his mind before he realized just how plausible that was. Turning his mind back to the task at hand, he reached an arm around Sherlock’s side. He had to bend forward a bit but managed to get his hands around Sherlock’s cock at the same time he pushed back inside. They both moaned in unison, their combined notes of pleasure wrapping around the base of Sherlock’s spine.
"First," Sherlock said, taking off his coat. He tossed it over the back of one of the chairs and faced Lestrade, "John and I are dating. I believe this means you've won the interoffice pool? Secondly, John is my Dom and I his submissive," Sherlock rolled up the cuff of his right sleeve and flashed the bracelet in Greg's direction. "Say what you will to your men, but be aware that any future surprise drug busts have the potential to discover me naked and bound in various positions across the flat. We would appreciate the decency of at least a knock going forward."
Sherlock nodded and allowed John to sit him on the edge of the bed. The collar came off first and when John got his first look at Sherlock’s neck below the collar he hissed. There was an ugly raw red mark at the base of Sherlock’s skull as if someone had grabbed hold of the front of the collar and yanked
"Needle. I tried to fight it," Sherlock slurred, and a lopsided grin smoothed out the rough edges of panic. Safe in John's arms, where nothing was allowed to hurt him, Sherlock began to giggle.
“What did I say about bossy subs?” John demanded, sticking his head through the door and revealing a naked torso.
“I knew you would love this,” John confessed as he dragged his nails along the base of Sherlock’s skull. He stood there for a full minute, letting his fingers wander through damp hair. He gave Sherlock the touch of pleasure he so desperately wanted for a moment. Then, with a wicked grin, he twisted a few curls around his fingers and tugged. Not enough to hurt, but enough to get Sherlock’s attention.
“Ah, so I’m just an alternative to you getting high,” John said, but his words were teasing and his smile genuine as he rose from his chair.
"I'm taking my jumper to the shops before you get any sudden ideas. Be careful. Might be a while, we're out of nearly everything edible."
The words were hardly out of Sherlock’s mouth before John pulled Sherlock onto his chest and wrapped his arms around Sherlock’s shoulders. He buried his nose into Sherlock’s hair and pressed a firm kiss to his head.
“Yes, of course.” Sherlock agreed, watching John place the collar and padlock on one of the pillows. He smiled at John, and with a nod, added, “until later then.”
“Sounds like you’re saying, sex addict,” Sherlock said, snorting and pulling the casserole dish out of the oven. “Walla!” he announced with a flourish, placing the piping hot dish on the table over one of the potholders.
“Human trafficking.” John sighed, finally releasing Sherlock, though he kept a hand on Sherlock’s thigh as if the thought of not being physically connected were unbearable.
Nodding, Zed composed a text to his head of security then pushed open his door. John stepped out and rounded the hood, running a hand through his hair.
“When will you use it?” John asked while walking a slow circle around Sherlock. Once he stopped to nudge Sherlock’s legs apart with the crop, but otherwise, Sherlock’s form was excellent.
mesh shirt did things to his libido. Doing what the British knew how to do best, they got in the queue and set about patiently waiting for their turn. After a moment of observing the other couples, John snaked his arm around Sherlock’s waist and pulled him tight against his side.
“I’m not sure I could, successfully,” Sherlock admitted, letting his hands slide down John’s arms until their fingers were laced together. “Whatever happens, we’re in this together.”
“We currently know they want you. While we’re certain you aren’t their only target, you are the only target we know about. Thus, we’re able to control the situation a bit more than with a random grab.”
“You finally painted her!” John exclaimed, then let out a low whistle. “She’s no longer that horrid burgundy color.”
“I believe you, Doctor Watson,” Mycroft said after giving John an appraising look. “If he had you in his life last time, I feel things might have gone easier for him.”
He felt John growing tense, saw the way the muscles on John’s stomach constricted and heard the short, impatient breaths huffing through John’s nose as he grew more and more exasperated. Sherlock knew he was pushing his limits by teasing John. But he also knew that John would think of some way to punish him for his
At first, John only felt a wave of defensive energy wash over him. He wanted to shout at Mycroft, to ask him if it was so hard to consider that Sherlock would talk to him.
“Brat, pretty soon you won't want to have sex upstairs. You’ll be pulling me down to Speedy’s for a quick romp.”
like. Hours I feel you’re not willing to spend in discussion only. Instead, I will ask this of you. Be honest with me, tell me what you like, what you don’t like. If we try something new, please tell me if you enjoyed it or not using hard and soft. I will respect any of your hard limits. Soft limits, we can explore together. We’ll work together to push ourselves, the goal being to find new avenues of pleasure.”
“Well, to answer that, I have to warn you, a friend of mine is meeting me here. She just got held up a few blocks over. I told her I’d come up and give you two the heads up.”
“Look at me,” John said. Sherlock opened his eyes and watched as John wiped his hands on a towel. “Until that comes off,” he said, nodding to the cage, “you can’t touch me. Perhaps I’m being extreme, but for Christ’s sake, you need to learn that your life is not your own. By telling me you loved me, you shared yourself with me. I’ll be damned if I let you throw your life away for some dumb puzzle.”
“Nice to see you, Zed,” Matt said, passing out bottles of what John at first thought was a dark ale, to his surprise, was homemade root beer. “But your text implied you’re here for a reason, not a social call.”
“These were with you when you were injured,” he said softly, running his thumb along the smooth back where the metal had once sat flush with John’s skin.
“No need to thank me,” John smiled over at Sherlock, then reached up to brush a curl behind his ear. “Just doing what you’ve done for me in the past. I’m happy to provide any amount of comfort I can.”
“What else can I do?” John asked, knowing Sherlock would understand the hidden question buried in his words.
“Ahem,” Greg cleared his throat, drawing the landlord’s attention back to himself, “he isn’t wrong.” He adds, rather than telling Sherlock off for his interference.
“I’ll be here the whole evening watching, so don’t try anything, and we’ll all have a good time.” Elvio continued.
“Jesus, are you okay? You fell asleep on the sofa, I woke up to you screaming my name.” John said gently, nudging Sherlock over on the sofa he perched his bum on the edge of the cushion and sat, placing a hand on Sherlock’s shoulder.
“Excuse me, Gentlemen, we’re here.” The driver caught John’s eye through the rearview mirror and twisted his lips into an uncomfortable apology. John patted Sherlock’s rump, then gently pushed him off his lap.
“Fuck, John!” Sherlock swore, thrusting his hips up hard and pressing the tip of his cock against the back of John’s throat. “So fucking close.”
“Password protected,” Sherlock grumbled, tearing his eyes from John to glance at Greg. “Lestrade, can we get tech support in here? Please,” he added for John’s benefit.
“When do you go in for snorting?” The Snake asked. He kept his face in the shadows, but Sherlock imagined he could see the greed in his eyes at earning an extra sale.
“What can I do, love?” John asked softly. Taking Sherlock’s mug of tea, he placed both cups on the nightstand then wrapped his arm around Sherlock’s shoulder. Rubbing his thumb gently over Sherlock’s clavicle, he did his best to show Sherlock that he would be there for him. He’d be his strength when he found his own lacking.
Sherlock’s soft snuffling turned into a soft moan. He pulled himself out of his pondering and watched in rapt fascination as the first hints of awareness flickered across Sherlock’s features. Sherlock’s eyebrows were the first of his features to stir; they furrowed in confusion as John’s presence became known. Then, his hand reached out to brush against the bare skin of John’s hip, and a smile stretched out across his face.
The last thing Sherlock saw before the door was pulled shut, was John. His mouth twisted in a horrifying cry for help.
“And you’re better than him, Sherlock.” John brought Sherlock’s hand up to his mouth and kissed his knuckles. Banishing the memories of the nightmare with his lips, or at least trying to. Still, Sherlock’s bottom lip continued to tremble, and his fingers twitched in John’s grasp. Getting an idea John stood up.
“It’s damp and a bit chilly. Nothing like last weekend.” John said, rubbing his hands together. If Mycroft knew he was attempting to cover up his true thoughts, the other man said nothing.
“I’ve never...it's never been offered. What do I do?” Sherlock whispered softly, eyes wide with nervous excitement.
John paused, tapping his foot against the carpet, willing his alcohol addled brain to think quicker and more efficiently. He regretted the back-to-back beers with Zed, but he hadn’t expected to return home so quickly.
Sherlock obediently gave John his wrist and watched as the bracelet was removed and placed on the nightstand beside his collar. John lifted Sherlock’s wrist to his lips and kissed the tender skin, then looked up with questioning eyes.
“I’ve got you, my love,” John whispered, bending low to kiss Sherlock’s kneecap. “I’ve got you, always.”
“Of course.” The husbands then took turns correcting each other as they gave descriptions. John wrote down the significant bits, like the scar on Otto’s left thigh and Theodore’s red birthmark on his neck.
“Sit.” He commanded. He didn’t project his voice, but the room had hushed in anticipation. Someone had turned the music down to a distant hum, a beat that pulsed with Sherlock’s heart as he sat, keeping his eyes trained on John’s face. “Palms up, hands on your thighs.”
John did in fact manage to get the drain back together, and in working order, much to his surprise. Jokingly, he tore a piece of paper from his notebook and wrote “No magnets or keys beyond this point” and taped it to the door.
Per Rosie’s prediction, the sky had cleared up by the time they reached the cemetery. Summer songbirds were back out, and butterflies danced from flower-covered grave to flower-covered grave. The butterflies had Rosie’s attention the instant John got her out of the car. She started to take off after a particularly colourful Orang Tip, but John called her back to their side.
“Come here,” John said, kneeling beside the chair and pulling Sherlock’s head to his shoulder. “God,” he whispered, mouth buried just below Sherlock’s ear, “you’re marvelous. What do you say we get out of here and find that alley?”
“Lestrade, I did not tell you about John and I’s arrangement so you can babysit my behaviour. You need results, which is why I’m here. That man is useless and having him hover will just annoy me.”
John shook his head and looked at his friend with interest. Zed nodded as if expecting that answer, then continued.
“It’s mainly stuff that’s only special to me. But, I’d rather show you now instead of wondering when your curiosity will get the best of you.” He lifted the cover off, placing it on the coffee table beside the box. They both looked inside, John with a fond smile and Sherlock with wide eyes.
“Good, that’s good.” Sherlock sighed, giving his arse a wiggle to test his level of comfort. “Really good, actually.”
“Sherlock,” John repeated, but this time his voice cracked, and his face softened. Emotion made his eyes well up with tears, but they never fell. Sherlock smiled gently and continued.
“You haven't changed,” John laughed at his old friend. While ten years his senior,  Zed had taken him under his wing back during his university days. He’d taught John everything he knew, including how to be a patient and caring Dom.
“Right, lift your hips a bit so I can get this under you.” John worked quickly so he wouldn’t prematurely tire Sherlock out. It wasn’t long until he’d devised a harness made out of rope around Sherlock’s hips. He hadn’t been shy when it came to using his fingers when working around Sherlock’s crotch. John had even gone as far as cupping Sherlock’s balls with one hand while he fit the rope snugly in place at the crease of Sherlock’s thigh. This had earned the pair a few catcalls from the audience, which made Sherlock’s face tint a beautiful shade of pink.
“But first…” John murmured, rising to his feet and stepping into Sherlock’s personal space, “Kiss me. I want our first kiss to be just us.”
After a moment's deliberation, Sherlock settled on John’s shirt. Long elegant fingers plucked at the button just below his chin. John sighed with pleasure when Sherlock’s fingers brushed his bare skin, leaving a burning wake in the absence, begging for more.
“And you think I like the idea of sharing all my secrets with you?” John said, equally as grumpy. They could, of course, have settled for just a team of agents hired by Mycroft, none of whom John would know personally. No fewer than a dozen of Mycroft’s best agents
"Yeah, love. It's me." John murmured, as he withdrew his hand and closed the knife before he hurt himself or Sherlock with his trembling.
His good mood lasted a grand total of three hundred paces. John became aware of a black town car keeping pace with him a few buildings down from the flat. Without looking, he flashed the tinted windows a one-finger salute and muttered, “Fuck off, Mycroft,” and continued walking. Unsurprisingly the car didn’t drive away. Instead, it followed directly beside him, holding up the sparse traffic behind it. A taxi honked, and the driver stuck his head out of his car, shouting what John could only guess to be a string of profanity in his native language.
I had everything saved as drafts, and when I went to post today's chapter (Which should have been chapter 17) I accidentally posted 18 instead.
“You froze when I said, boyfriend. It hit me that until now, this has been mostly one-sided sexually and that quite possibly all your other relationships never explored beyond the basic dom/sub role. I wanted to show you that we truly are in this together. Plus, as you are now aware, I enjoy getting fucked.” John murmured, pressing open-mouthed kisses to the underside of Sherlock’s jaw.
“Right, pass me a pillow,” John asked, holding out a hand. Sherlock grabbed the nearest one and passed it over. Folding it over, he promptly stuck it under the small of his back and smiled up at his lover. “You don’t need to go slow. You don’t have to ask me if it's okay. I will tell you if anything is uncomfortable. I
“Yeah, because Sisk claimed he was never told how to get in touch with Moriarty. That he was just given a copy of the order. And,” John continued with a dejected sigh, reaching across the gap and placing his hand on Sherlock’s leg. “Because Sisk won't give up the drop-off point. So we have no clue where the hell they take their victims, or
A shadow passed over Sherlock’s face. His mouth opened and closed a few times as if contemplating if he wanted to share what was on his mind. John remained silent, despite the screaming in his heart to wrap his arms around Sherlock’s shoulders and offer him comfort. Instead, he simply gave Sherlock a nod and tucked a curl behind his ear.
“No, it should be fine,” Zed spoke up, glancing over at Page, who nods. “Paige is a Dominatrix who specializes in male subs.”
"Nice," Sherlock agreed with a smirk. "I'm going to move now." He grabbed hold of John’s thighs and pulled the doctor closer to him.
Looking back at the woman, John sighed and stilled his hand on the bottle. She was cute, with dusty blond hair, freckles, and curves that made his mouth water. But she was ten years, at least, his junior. While her smile promised to make their evening entertaining, John knew he would feel like rubbish the next day if he accepted her proposition.
When Sherlock’s eyes were closed John removed his hand. When he spoke his words were low and full of self-indulgent amusement.
. He braced himself, expecting to be shoved or kicked back to the floor. Instead, the man yanked on the hood, pulling some of Sherlock’s hair with it, causing him to cry out in pain. He couldn’t bring himself to open his eyes. He couldn’t look at the monster standing in front of him. Not when he’d just ruined everything. The man released his collar causing Sherlock to careen forward, slumping against his legs with his head pressed into his captor’s crotch.
Sherlock could feel John’s worry as if it were his own. It pressed him down, made his feet feel as if they’d sunk into the floor like butter.
He might not have been able to follow John into the bathroom fast enough but simply having shown John that he understood would have been enough. Quick as he could, without hurting himself, Sherlock got to his feet and began to shuffle over the short distance to where he’d last heard John. It wasn’t easy, shuffling one foot in front of the other, but he managed it without a complaint.
“That’s all you need to know about,” John said with a tilt of his head. “Just… don’t push me away. We can pretend in public if it comes down to that.”
“Yes, Captain.” Sherlock grinned and chuckled softly at the fire his words had kindled within John. With this newest title, John’s eyes seemed to smolder, and judging by how he shifted in his seat, his trousers had suddenly become too tight. “Though, if I might ask for a boon. I do like to dance. Any chance I can take an
I had A LOT of fun with this chapter, from the texts to the taxi driver saying "lickity lick" to the rope scene. This was a joy to write, which I guess is how it got so freaking long!  I hope you all enjoy it as much as I enjoyed writing it.
“Ha!” John half snorted. The very thought of Sherlock Holmes not going out of his way to cause trouble filled him with the sudden urge to slap his knee and laugh at the top of his lungs.
John sighed, and stroked his nails over Sherlock’s scalp, smiling as Sherlock’s eyes fluttered shut. Behind him, he could hear Lydia giving Zed a command, but he turned them out in favour of watching the love of his life.
If you're reading this the day I posted it (21/5/21) PLEASE make sure my fuck up didn't mess you up as well.
“I’ve only been on the receiving end of this. From my past experiences, it is a fraction neater if the giver wears a condom. Excreting seamen isn’t… pleasant.”
John currently only owned two suits.  Sherlock was sorely tempted to burn the horrid brown suit and the black one he’d seen John in the previous weekend at Lotus. Suits were not the dress code, but clearly, they meant something to John and his club’s status. Selecting the black jacket and matching trousers, he laid them out on the bed then began the tedious art of deciding which shirt to pair with the suit.
“No one should have to deal with multiple phone calls regarding missing people,” John said, mirroring Sherlock’s look.
“Partners are great like that.” Greg smiles over at his friend with genuine warmth in his voice, “I’m glad you have him.”
John closed his eyes, remembering Sherlock’s vow to bring him to his knees. He was in the middle of playing out that scene when Zed snapped his fingers inches from John’s right ear.
“I’ve got you,” Sherlock said the first thing that came to mind, pausing for a moment as a smile crept over his face.
something you said,” Sherlock purred, dipping his head to hide his face so John wouldn’t see the blush he could feel blossoming. “You said some delicious things, Sir. I see just how lucky I am to be your submissive.”
“Hey,” John whispered, placing both mugs down and curling up around Sherlock. Pulling Sherlock’s head in close against his chest, he soothed his hands down Sherlock’s back while pressing kisses to Sherlock’s forehead. “I’m right here, love.”
“If you were coming to us for a suit, Locky, dear,” Jesper, the shop owner, said while walking a slow circle around John, “I could have him in something so delicious you’d tear it right off of him.”
Sherlock knew that John’s showers lasted seven minutes (nine if masturbation entered the equation). He lounged on the bed for a minute more, then set about finding a spot that would be out of the way of the door when John opened it. Once he’d decided on the site between the two doors, he removed his clothing, folded them, and placed them on a shelf inside his wardrobe to be put away later. Two minutes had passed, and on the off chance that John would cut his shower short, Sherlock got down on the floor and faced the bathroom door.
Mycroft Holmes even let it get that far. More likely, I’d walk into work one day to see his pompous arse sitting at my desk.”
Burying his head against Sherlock’s shoulder for support, John reached down with his right hand. Spitting into his palm, he took himself in hand. Pressing the tip of his cock against Sherlock’s belly, he brought himself to the edge of his orgasm, then, with a rough grunt, came across Sherlock’s stomach.
Three: If you haven't noticed, this story now has a chapter count. I **Might** change it to 22, but if I do the last chapter will be a very short epilogue.
He narrowed his eyes at the newcomer before remembering that he was trying to be polite. He schooled his features and put on a mask of indifference.
John drank in the sight before him. He’d seen Sherlock asleep on the sofa or lost inside the confines of his mind palace. This was his first
Overcome with his desire to explore John's body, to find out what made the doctor writhe and moan; he forgot he was playing the part of John's sub. With his usual air of arrogance, he looked up and met John's gaze.
“John,” Sherlock said more seductively than the situation called for. When John turned to glance at him, Sherlock reached up and brushed his thumb over the crumbs, banishing them to the floor and Mrs. Hudson’s eventual hoovering. Feeling Paige’s eyes turn to him, Sherlock cast John a soft smile. John returned the look, his eyes glowing with amusement, and he turned his chin into the brief touch. Dropping his hand back to his lap, Sherlock allowed himself half a second of smug satisfaction.
“Too bad I can’t fuck you over that trash bin,” John noted as he nodded towards a bin beside a bench. “Guess I’ll just go home and have a wank.” Cupping his groin, and showing off the outline of his erection, John turned on his heels and headed off in the direction of their flat, leaving Sherlock to zip up his trousers then hurry after him.
John fell heavily, his movements hindered by clothing, but he laughed as his head hit the mattress. Kicking his legs, he sent his trousers and pants soaring through the air, then toed off his socks. Still fully clothed, Sherlock crawled over John, crowding him against the bed. Rubbing his nose along the shell of John’s ear, he spoke in a small voice.
John reached for the flannel, then made short work of cleaning the worst of the lube off of him. Once he was clean, he tossed the flannel to the floor and wiggled his way around the bed until his head was resting on one of the pillows.
“I don’t keep needles in my kit anymore,” John said carefully, “haven’t since I found out you used to use. Which arm?” He asked, smoothing his fingers over Sherlock’s shoulder blade.
John thought, smiling fondly when Sherlock snuffled against his pillow, leaving a line of drool behind.
"Good, that's good." John nodded a few times, then smiled. He and Rebecca had been an item before he'd enlisted. She was one of the few other people, aside from Sherlock, with whom he’d made a contract. The sex had been fantastic, and she’d been the perfect mixture of sassy while still pretending she was the submissive.
dressing gown and tying it tight around his hips. “Love you,” he said without thinking as he headed out the door.
“John, whatever happens, I need you to know how much I love you,” Sherlock said as he folded himself into John’s arms, stooping low to rest his head on John’s shoulder.
“Nor I. We had nearly everything for it, Mrs. Hudson provided the flour.” Sherlock shrugged by way of an excuse. “I fancied wowing you with my expert culinary prowess. But alas, I only know how to make comfort foods.”
“See, kiddie table.” Zed clapped John on the arm, then squeezed his fingers around John’s bicep. “Be safe, and go get him. Call me?”
"Decent enough, with a spotter." John shrugged, “We all had some training, but I could never get the angles and the wind-down.”
“It’s like she’s telling us not to cry. That there’s life all around us.” John half expected Sherlock to scoff at that and tell him that Mrs Hudson hadn’t reincarnated herself as a pair of butterflies. But instead, Sherlock just squeezed his hand tightly and nodded.
"Yeah," John's voice cracked, and a dab of moisture caused his lower lash line to clump together. He cleared his throat and tried again, this time reaching his hand out for their daughter's other hand. "Yeah. Let's go say goodbye to Nana."
Sherlock nodded but didn’t move. Instead, he pulled away and stared down at John with an unreadable expression. Biting his bottom lip, he hung his head low on his shoulders and said,
“Greg, you just need to promise me one thing,” John asked in a nervous voice. He’d worked hard to blend back into civilian life after returning home. He wasn’t a killer, not by any stretch of the imagination, but nor would he allow the men who took Sherlock to walk away free. If Greg had to watch him put a bullet through a few skulls tonight, he didn’t want to lose his friend.
“Trying it out,” John spoke up, placing his hand on Sherlock’s shoulder and giving it a gentle squeeze. “We’re both enjoying it so far.”
“Ta,” John said, smiling as he uncapped the pen and leafed through Sherlock’s notes until he found an empty page. He doodled in the top corner for a few seconds, sipping on his tea and collecting his thoughts. Sherlock sat patiently beside him and simply observed.
“Zed,” he turned to the owner then looked up at the ceiling. Pointing at a row of heavy rings bolted into the ceiling, he asked, “are we allowed to use those?”
“You would make a formidable enemy, John Watson,” Mycroft said with a touch of admiration. “However, your bravery might just get you into trouble one day.”
I have a few smaller ficlets coming up soon, so feel free to subscribe to my ao3 account if you're interested in that. I might take the month of June off from writing a big fanfic, because I have an original children's story that requires my attention.
“Okay,” John said, smiling down at his prize. “I prefer Captain or Sir. I don’t enjoy Master, and if you ever call me Daddy, I swear I’ll laugh so hard the mood will be ruined for both of us.”
“Of course.” Greg nodded firmly, “This is all officially property of the Yard. You’re lucky I’m offering at all.”
A sense of familiarity washed over him when he stepped into the main room. Glancing around briefly, he noticed that not much had changed. Here and there, he spotted an update or addition. A fancy stereo system had replaced the old jukebox. Branching off of the new system were a handful of speakers that carried the music across the room.
It dawned on him then that he had a choice to make. He could, temporarily, push aside the pleasure he felt by being touched. He could control it until it was nothing more than a distant hum of pleasure and give John the blowjob of his life. Or, he could give in and become the quiet and pliant sub so many Doms wanted. The man who would kneel and space out, essentially a puppet to be had and used.
Six minutes later John found himself climbing into the back of a van with Greg at his heels. Each of them were armed with not only
“When hell freezes over,” Zed called back, flipping Matt the bird as he slipped behind the wheel. “Duchess stays with me until her frame rots. And I don’t drive her in the winter,” He patted the side of the door and stroked the steering wheel. “This girl has some life left in her yet.” To emphasize his statement, he turned the key in the ignition, and she roared to life. “Coming, John?”
“That’s the only time she’d talk about him, in these letters. It was too much to voice out loud, but if you look here,” John leaned forward and pointed to a blur on the paper, “she was crying.”
Padding up to his room, he dressed in a pair of cotton pyjama shirts and an old t-shirt. Before leaving his room, he stopped and smiled at his bed and its neat hospital corners. Neither of them had bothered making the bed this morning. John couldn’t remember the last time he’d left a bed messy, and it felt wonderfully indulgent, reminiscent of being on holiday.
“No. That would fall under my hard limits.” Sherlock scowled, and his nostrils twitched at the question, earning himself a peal of laughter from his Dom.
Though his question was directed at Zed, John didn’t take his eyes off Sherlock’s intense gaze. Having read his lips, Sherlock smirked and rolled his eyes.
“I also don’t expect you to remain locked at all times. But, again, this all comes down to communication. We’ll need to go over privacy expectations, and we’ll have to decide if we tell Mrs. Hudson or not.”
Sherlock’s eyes drifted down to John’s groin, where his suit was currently doing a fairly decent job of hiding the outline on John’s erection. Sherlock’s nose twitched in disappointment at being denied an eyeful, but he nodded and answered John’s question loud enough for at least the first few rows of onlookers to hear. “I do, Sir.”
They found Lestrade in his office, in the middle of a snack, making up for whatever meal he'd last missed. He looked up in surprise to see Sherlock’s silhouette in his door frame. Putting his doughnut aside, he wiped the crumbs from his shirt and waved them both inside.
“That man, Walthen? He said he was going to videotape everything, send it off to Moriarty. He’d gone as far as pulling out his mobile. John, that means
On a typical Tuesday, John was only scheduled to work until noon. So he’d left that morning with a few snacks packed in his pocket, believing he’d be home in time to make a sandwich. He’d texted Sherlock shortly before noon, one of the regular doctors had gone home early with flu-like symptoms, and John had been asked to cover. Aware that his crime-solving life with Sherlock pulled him away from a typical nine to five, John made up for his strange absences by accepting extra hours without complaint. Sherlock had offered to drop lunch off or have something delivered, but John had waved off the gesture.
“Is that even legal?” John asked, trying to remember if he’d ever bothered to learn any of the rules and regulations that went into sex clubs.
“How long ago was this?” John questioned, doing his best to keep the edge of his growing rage from showing in his voice.
Sherlock followed as quickly as he could, wishing he could brace himself with one hand against the wall for support. Or at the very least, see. However, John didn’t penalize him for being slow. Instead, John would stop every few paces and wait. He followed blindly, nodding his thanks when John helped maneuver him safely around the kitchen table and his armchair. When they reached what Sherlock assumed to be the desk in the living room, John simply said “Floor,” over the sounds of him sitting down in one of the rickety wooden chairs.
“Guys,” He calls, “This is Moon Young’s mother… She says she never came home last night, which is something she’s never done. Let’s get that report in, shall we? Can you get me in touch with the club owner?”
“Thank you, Mrs Hudson,” Sherlock whispered to the cold grey stone. It was a far cry from the warm and vibrant lady she’d been. Beautifully engraved, with words declaring her a beloved sister, but a far cry from the life she’d once lived.
“You’re asking a lot of me, Sherlock. Not only that, you’re willing to put so much trust into me that I fear I might not live up to your expectations.” he sighed, then let one of his hands drift into Sherlock’s hair and began idly stroking. “Not only are you asking me to dominate you, but you’re also asking me to do so while maintaining the very essence of who you are. This is no easy task.”
With one hand gently holding Sherlock’s thigh still, John lined himself up and slowly pushed in. When he met with the slightest bit of resistance, he would stop and let Sherlock’s muscles adjust around him. Finally pushing past the barrier, John let himself sink most of the way inside while watching Sherlock’s face for any signs of discomfort.
“Strip, and kneel in the Nadu position on the other side of this door. I don’t want to hear another word from you until I’m out of the shower.” With the command given, John turned his back to Sherlock, pulling the door shut behind him.
Before John could reply or shoot Zed a look for spreading information about Sherlock around, his phone buzzed. Excusing himself, he pulled it out of his pocket and glanced at the message. A smile spread over his lips when he read over Sherlock’s text.
“Do that again, whatever that was,” John demanded, pulling Sherlock’s hips back hard against his hips. For the next few minutes, Sherlock’s moans drowned out the sound of the music, mixing with the sounds coming from Lydia and Zed. Out of the corner of his eyes, John saw more than several members of the crowd stroking themselves. Finding that oddly supportive, rather than odd or creepy, John growled and dug his fingers into Sherlock’s flesh.
“I have to confess that I feel the same way. Every moment apart is abhorrently dull.” Sherlock admitted in a low sigh, sinking down for another kiss. “Dinner?” He asked softly a moment later as a timer behind them began its annoying claxon.
“Let’s just say it didn’t make it to evidence. Things do go missing now and then.” Greg chuckled darkly. After a moment he looked over at John and gave him an appraising look. “You alright, mate?”
“You’ll do whatever we want anyway,” the man laughed, “Once you’re here, you’re ours for good, but don’t worry, this one is weaker. You’ll be awake when we start training.”
John watched as Sherlock's eyes slipped from his and onto the syringe by the doctor's feet. His heart broke as he saw Sherlock's eyes flutter shut just as the van sped off, the door closing as the tyres screech.
Sherlock thought moments before he felt the once familiar pull of cocaine. When Sherlock woke, he had no sense of how long he’d been out, but it had been long enough for him to become achy and thirsty. Something thick and musty covered his face blocking out all light.
John went back to tapping his pen against the paper for a few moments, skimming through the rules he’d used in the past and trying to apply them to life now. With a few alterations, he added a few more then tilted the paper for Sherlock to review.
“Nothing, well. Not nothing. I’m beginning to remember last night, just flashes.” Sherlock said with a shake of his head, knowing John would be looking for any adverse physical reactions the drugs might have caused.
"Here," Sherlock offered and reached for the case John was dragging behind him so that John could pull his jumper off, "told you to dress for warm weather."
“Yes, Captain,” Sherlock whispered as a thrill ran through his body. He hadn’t seen John act like this in weeks, and feeling John’s cock grow hard against his thigh so suddenly was a breath of fresh air.
“Find something to fuck yourself with, carefully. Show me how you’d want it if it were me, and maybe I’ll take you to bed later and let you live out that fantasy. Make sure you give me a good show, and I’ll let you come before we leave.”
“Mm! That detective bloke.” Matt’s eyes flashed, and a grin spread over his face, “Oh! You’re that John Watson.”
“Git,” John said though he was more than thankful with a physical task in which to pour his frustration. Sherlock laughed playfully and rolled over onto his back, looking all the world like a relaxed cat. However, two intelligent silver eyes bore into John. His smile was infectious, and John found the anger inside him melting away as he grinned back at Sherlock. He wanted to thank Sherlock for his honesty, for trusting him enough to open up to him, but he could tell that Sherlock was anxious for the topic to be dropped. Instead of pushing, he sat up and gently tossed his pillow onto Sherlock’s face.
“Let me get the door for you. You’ve got your hands full. I’m just about done here,” she said, wiping her hands on a dirty tea towel.
resounding in his ears. Just when John was beginning to think Sherlock might be down the other end of the hall a sound reached his ears that will haunt him for the rest of his life.
But the moment his fingers brushed the soft feathers, tangible as ever under his touch, the man jerked awake with a gasp. Sherlock and John both jumped backwards, Meep screeching, and soon the man yelled too. Once the situation calmed down, only Meep screaming his lungs out and drawing the attention of every feathery creature in the vicinity, the man blurted out a question.
“Mrs. Hudson said you started your second pack an hour ago,” John countered, and Sherlock huffed a quiet laugh. He pulled out his phone and created a new Excel spread sheet titled ‘
Sam glared. “You’re not funny, Dean,” he said, placing a few shirts and a bundle of hair bands on the counter. The woman started picking out the metal things and scanned them. “And I saw you get emotionally manipulated by Irene. Good job, by the way.”
Shaking his head out of his tangled, sleepy thoughts, John made another mug of hot coffee. That was meant for Greg - his grunkle was already up and about, cluttering around his office upstairs. John wanted to get the necessary conversation out of the way as soon as possible, and without any interruptions. He knew from Irene Sherlock crashed for hours, sometimes even half a day, when he was exhausted. Given that he was still recovering from his rib injury and that he got kicked by Cage yesterday too, he would stay in bed for a while. Which was good - he needed the rest. And it would mean that there was no way of him accidentally overhearing pieces of conversation and exposing John’s growing infatuation with him.
“Huh? You’re planning to kill someone? I think you’re doing it from the end to the beginning. You need to kill someone first, then it becomes a crime scene.”
“Yeah, same old. But I’m making fake permits for you too, since you’ll likely accompany us. And for the kids. Sherlock is adamant on joining, so there’s that.”
Speaking of finals, they were alright. He did pretty well, but he was also glad that university was over for the time being. He intended to enjoy this summer and relax properly. This year was tough, so he definitely deserved it. And he was happy to see Greg after such a long time, too.
"Ah, Mr. Watson I believe?" greeted him Professor Slughorn upon arriving. "Take a seat, take a seat, we've just marked presence."
Yesterday’s conversation with Sherlock stuck out to him. He found it adorable how forthcoming Sherlock was in his curiosity about John and everything that concerned him. The immeasurable comfort and domesticity between them didn’t even feel new, as though it had always been present. He chuckled to himself; is this what those alleged ‘soulmate’ connections were like? But one thing bugged him. Now, he had nothing against Sherlock asking him about his family, but he’d been honest when he told him that he doesn’t know how to talk about ‘everything’ -- he’s used to shutting up about it, letting it sink to the deepest crevices of his being to rot there. Hence the reference to Greg, who knows most of what had happened over the years. His family was a headache at the best of times, and at the worst…
“Yeah, she does have the style and personality of one. She’s fun. How was it? Living so far away from London?”
Grace walked over to Redbeard to lick his snout and the puppy then lapped at his mom’s neck to play. She favoured her left hind leg over the right, but John didn’t see any obvious injury. It must have healed, then, but the result wasn’t satisfactory. It didn’t restrict her movements to a greater degree, thankfully, and she was able to walk evenly on her own.
However, the wizarding war being over, Hogwarts lifted their over-the-top restrictions and security, which meant Sherlock could roam the grounds freely (as long as he and John were smart about it).
Now that she was out once again, done with describing a fairytale story she came up with to test how much bullshit the tourists believed, she asked Mrs Hudson how much money they made.
“Good plan,” John said, and then he ran out to catch Irene who tripped on the stairs and almost fell flat on her face. John scraped his knees on the floor in order to prevent her from hurting herself, and she just grinned, pecked him on the cheek for his service, and dashed off.
John was amazed how every feast was better than the previous, the food was beyond delicious, but the cookies he had tasted were incomparable to his mom's.
“Would you do that for us?” Gloria glowed, her smiling radiating like heat. Sherlock wondered how many years exactly it was since she was sincerely happy.
A surge of anger shot through him, guiding his hand to take a swing at Cage, but some invisible force tackled him to the ground. He wiped the mud off, and suddenly the weight of the doll was pinning him down.
They explained that they were pretty much forced into submission by Cage (he mentally deprived them repeatedly, usually by his bland speeches and his weird bunny box references among many, many others) and that they didn’t mean any harm. Will was the interpreter as he was the only one capable of speaking. But Hulk had enough vocal cords to at least grunt in agreement.
- and John was forced to retreat. All eyes were on them now, though Snow White tried her luck repeatedly. Not to much avail, Irene kicked her in the stomach and the ragdoll fell on her back.
“My phone’s over there,” he jerked his head to the table and benches where his smartphone lay. If he stretched his arm, he’d reach it.
“Not bad. We sold some merch, the t-shirts are the favourites today, and then the caps. An old couple bought five Sascrotch statues. I have no idea what they found so funny that they’re going to display it in their funeral home.”
’ - title to be reviewed. He may as well start a research on the Canadian himself to alleviate some of his boredom.
“Ah! It’s in your hair!” Irene yelled and smashed Sherlock across the head with the mystery journal. The pixie got squished between the heavy pages and his head, losing consciousness immediately.
to hear about the champions and their feelings about the Tournament. Even better that Hogwarts has two, one Slytherin and one Gryffindor. I wonder if I could get a word with Blake before the judges arrive?”
John slipped away from Sherlock, leaving an unwelcome cold creeping in where he was previously standing. Sherlock watched his figure get lost in the dark hallway leading to their bedroom, exhaling ever so slowly, his mind also slowing down after days of furious thinking.
John scoffed. “Right. Because prehistoric birds that are supposed to be dead are always amiable upon meeting people.”
John turned them around, hands placed firmly on Sherlock’s hips. He knew the layout of the living room by heart now, and he navigated them slowly with closed eyes. The next verse he sang alongside the singer,
He blinked, groaning in frustration. “Irene and Kate ended up tiny as smurfs, minus the blue,” he told Anthea. “Listen, I’ve no idea
Hi! Back with another chapter, alebit short. We went distance studying in Slovakia again, and it's a bit tougher than the first quarantine, but! I!! wrote!!! something!!!! anyway!!!!! Wheeeeee!!!!!!
He hadn’t realised he’d dozed off in the car, the hypnotic rhythm of tires on asphalt roads lulling him to a light sleep. He was roused by Greg’s voice repeating his name like a broken record missing every note of the song that was currently playing (David Bowie’s
“That doesn’t cut it, Holmes. Give me the gossip, the observations - oh, yes! What did you observe? Now
“Watch your tone,” John said sharply as he stepped between the two of them. “Why are the two of you at each other’s throats ever since you met?”
“Dean, it’s obvious you don’t feel comfortable without any form of protection, so I’m granting you your wish,” Sherlock said, deciding which incantation he was going to use. “Guns are usually manufactured with the intention of shooting something or someone, so it would make sense that Gloria would have an aversion towards those. It hints at a bigger issue, which may be connected to her death and why she’s stuck here. However, shovels and similar tools aren’t really all that threatening, are they? They’re made to be useful, not harmful. There is this verse which can mask the tools temporarily for three hours and it also has an anti-ectoplasmic shield. How the author acquired it or invented it, I’ve no idea, but it won’t hurt to try it.”
“Stab it first, then slice it up as fast you can,” Sherlock whispered in John’s direction. John watched him do it, mimicking the actions. He put his palm over the dull top of the knife’s blade and chopped as though his life depended on it. After stirring it clockwise until it turned blue they added smelly Salamander Blood that prickled John’s eyes. Then it was time to stir it anti-clockwise until it turned to green, after which they added crushed beige Wartcap Powder. John almost messed up towards the end if it weren’t for Sherlock so vehemently scolding him under his breath to stir clockwise again.
"Like my Aunt Debbie's cooking skills, yeah," Ron suddenly blurted out, at which he promptly shut up, but earned a chuckle from John. Sherlock ignored them both and turned it over in his fingers a while longer, then handed it back to Harry.
The biggest difference was that this illusion room wasn’t empty -- actually, numerous things cluttered it top to bottom. At first, Sherlock thought it to be a regular storage room, but after sighting a giant, majestic painting at the far back of the room. It was a live painting, a woman standing in its centre. She had long black hair pooling at her feet, her tall body was clothed in a beautiful blue robe, a silver diadem at the crown of her head. In her arms she was holding a book of spells, her intelligent, dark gaze already scanning John and Sherlock. Her posture generated intimidation, but Sherlock registered only curiousness.
“That’s clever - getting someone else to do your dirty work,” Sherlock said almost giddily. He had a feeling it wasn’t most appropriate. What should he do? His first murder case was about revenge - statistically probably common, he hadn’t checked yet, but still.
“No, it’s called a torch, you inept American puppet,” Irene insisted rather vehemently. “Where’d you get it?”
“Cas? Cas!” Dean called out, running towards him holding what appeared to be a very out of shape bent coat hanger. Cas looked at him quizzically, quietly assessing his state. He wasn’t injured, a bit out of breath, but otherwise unharmed. “Are you okay? What was that?”
“Who the fuck are you?” Sarah said, confounded. Everyone in the row snapped their heads at her, leaning over each other in a neat row. “What? You know him?”
“Wow, I’m amazed you managed to remember so much information with your micro-brain,” Mary deadpanned, turning right at a crossroad. Moran poked her arm at which she smacked him hard on the shoulder.
Sherlock got to explaining their side of the adventure as Sam navigated the boat back to the main beach. He noticed how the dark atmosphere had lifted from the island, pine trees and willows growing more green and saturated as the distance grew.
Their Champion was getting restless, Draco could see it. He tapped his fingers on the arms of the chair, his eyes jumping from one person to another, he was like a trapped animal huddled into a corner. More people started to argue against Potter, which seemed to agitate Selcout even more.
“I don’t know,” he answered quietly, his gaze distant as he tipped his head down a trifle. The shadows under his eyes grew, and the wrinkles around his eyes deepened. This had a story behind it.
"Yeah, finally someone who can stand a chance against you," John said, a smile tugging at the corner of his lips. Sherlock paid him no attention. He stopped by the window, observing the street below.
Also as always, thank you all for reading, leaving a kudo, comment, anything! :3 Posting the chapters gives me a great deal of happiness, knowing that there are people who read it, hihi c:
John blinked, then nodded and called Greg to assure him that no, there is no lizard climbing his clothes, thank you very much. Once the Hufflepuff calmed down and slapped Sherlock on the arm for being a dickhead, he tagged along with them, broom over his shoulder as they ventured to get Sherlock his samples.
“What kind of sick pervert would display something so unnatural?” the mother cried out, hauling her daughter from the dead creature’s proximity in case it suddenly came to life like in those B-rate parody movies that used CGI more outdated than was allowed. “Anna! We’re going home!”
“Anderson,” he pinched the bridge of his nose, doing his best not to let aggravation show in his voice. “Can you choose one t-shirt, pay, and get out? You’re more indecisive than a kid who gets to choose between cookies and candy!”
"We have to go to the hospital wing," John said firmly, his nerves back on track. Sherlock, who was focusing on staying in control of the pain spreading in his arm, nodded and didn't object when John took him by the healthy arm and led him out of the library. He made sure to lock the doors again so the librarian wouldn't get suspicious.
“Really,” Blake nodded, his hand absentmindedly running through his slightly greasy hair. He needed a shower. “Uhm, so, any idea who may want you dead?”
“You’re not alone,” John peeped, clearing his throat. He occupied little space where he lounged, keeping to himself mostly, fists clenching in his lap. He felt like a scolded puppy for no reason. The shock of it was wearing off, but not quickly enough for him to muster up a proper answer or question. Then, he realised the rest of them weren’t there. “Where is everyone?”
“I might have advised him against it,” the Doctor huffed. “Did he say anything else about the squirrel mafia?”
“A bunch of buffoons, eh?” Donovan smirked, motioning Sherlock to sit back down. “Tell me about it. We could upgrade and improve lots of things here, but the O’Learys won’t give us the leeway and some other legal crap won’t let us either. I suspect the O’Leary family cashes on tax evasion, but no one can get to them to confirm that. They pay everyone off.”
“Good, so listen carefully - this is a slow game, we need to be careful. If he trusts Potter, me may get more dirt on him this way, but we have to accumulate the news and not let it fly out the window as if it were you Astronomy homework, understood? Good. I’ll pretend to be his friend, listen to him, try to see where the Tournament is going, too. I’ll give you updates but no one will talk about it outside this Common Room, alright? If we play this right, we will show Potter and the other Gryffindors that not everything has to revolve around them, or that
“Man, I have no idea what you’re talking about,” Dean said, crouching down. “But well… I guess we should head back. It’s after six. John and Sherlock could worry where we are.”
The following week after the Goblet of Fire revelation was the oddest in Harry’s life. What he hoped to be a school week where everyone would focus on the Slytherin champion ended up being split evenly between the two of them. Opinions differed greatly among the Houses, but the thing they had in common was that they all thought Harry indeed put his name in the damned Goblet.
Now, he can’t leave a family of two -- a single mother, even! -- out on the streets. That would be cruel, and whoever left these two to Fate was a monumental moron. Just
“What the hell is going on?” he bellowed, barging into the room. He stopped to assess what was in front of him and said, “Oh,” before narrowing his eyes at John, jerking his head in a motion that asked for an explanation.
“Greg, you can always back out from eating that disgusting thing, you know?” John said as Sherlock gulped down his piece, shuffling to the opposite side of the table to get a slice of his own. “I only want what’s good for you, mate.”
He scanned his schedule, his eyes jumping up and down to find out what classes he had with Sherlock. Relief washed over him when he saw they shared Potions again, as well as Transfiguration and Astronomy. Nice, maybe he’ll be able to bully Sherlock into paying more attention to the subject. He felt a pat on his shoulder.
“Nothin’,” was the muffled answer. Sherlock’s eyebrows rose up and they both went to investigate the commotion.
“My point still stands,” Irene said, regaining her gracefulness. “Summer and romance just go together, brother dear. You never know when it hits you, or who. Remember that. But please, do have standards this time.”
As quietly as he could, Harry grabbed the kettle and placed it over open flame to make tea. After all, tea seemed to be the solution in times of crisis like these. He went over yesterday’s meeting with the two men on Baker Street. He was thrilled that they agreed to help them, but he had no idea what to expect.
“You could help me, you know,” Sherlock elbowed him lightly again. It was… risky, venturing into this friendly banter, but he enjoyed it. It wasn’t that obvious, was it? After severe contemplation, harmless bantering equaled nothing bad. He didn’t flirt with John, did he? That topic was still left open for analysis.
Also, thank you everyone who commented, gave kudos, and overall gave this fic a bit of their time and read it, it means a lot to me <3 I appreciate you all greatly!
“Uhm, sorry,” the girl stuttered, taking a hesitant step back, rounding Irene and shuffling to the exit. “I - I don’t like girls that way. Bye!” And off she went.
“I can ask you the same thing,” Sherlock deadpanned, eyeing her posters. It showed numerous bands and idols, none of which he recognised. Not that it troubled him.
“What are their names?” John had asked, balancing a stack of books in his hands as he tried to clean up his desk. Studying for finals was in full force, and even though he had tried to be consistent and responsible and not cram, the opposite had happened and now he was jumping from textbook to textbook, parkour style like on that one episode on The Office.
He sounded alarmed. Well, no wonder. On the sofa where Irene and Sam were now two children in place. Or rather, Irene was the child -- about four years old, absolutely clueless to what had taken place -- and Sam was perhaps twelve, though his cognitive senses were intact. He was freaked out by the transition, eyes wide as he looked from John to Sherlock to Irene.
John spat the coffee out immediately into the sink, he was fully alert now. "You did WHAT?" He choked on the last bits of caffeine stuck in his throat.
Hermione’s bushy hair was tied in a bouncy bun that wiggled like jelly when she moved her head from side to side, inspecting road signs and muggle buildings.
to contemplate. Sam wasn’t a smoker though he did try it in college, but it had never alluded to him in any shape or form to seek it out constantly. But just thinking that there might be another cosmic problem on the horizon made him sympathise with that one picture of Ben Affleck tiredly smoking a cigarette, and he might end up doing just that eventually.
special thanks to bee, dee, and the cat sticker that I've had on my laptop for 3 years and it's still lookin' cute
He tossed the journal back into the compartment, slammed it shut, and got out. He should tell Cas and Dean asap and come up with a backup plan. If Marina claims she is a mermaid, there is the potential of her being a siren, and that would be unpleasant to deal with.
also, I officially graduated high school on Friday! I can finally go study at a uni in September, and my future major gives me idea for another Sherlock AU, tbh,,,,,,
“Yes, but he was deforesting the area, I was only taking cute pictures for my Instagram!” Irene defended herself, peering into the hole in the porch fencing. “Listen here, you little devil - I’ll get you and the permit, even if I have to summon Lord English for that!”
“I missed you too,” John smiled, rolling them over so that Sherlock was lying on his back, and he kissed him good morning. “Better?”
“Not funny. Good morning to Cas, and Cas only,” Sam said groggily. Cas gave a reciprocatory reply and off they went.
“It’s not an out of place suggestion, Irene,” Sherlock told his sister when they came back to the initial prompt. She proudly puffed out her chest and John smiled to himself. “Good job. It might be a co-culprit allowing an otherworldly creature to bypass alien control or what have you in Cardiff.”
“I’ve been gifted, what can I tell ya,” John smiled and shifted them so that Sherlock was half-splayed on his chest. “Sorry. I just enjoy ruffling your feathers.”
“You don’t think half my ideas are good, and yet you still come despite the possibility of them being dangerous,” Sherlock said airily, snow crunching under his feet. John picked up his pace, suppressing the urge of bringing up the Aging Potion incident, but that may be too much for the Ravenclaw’s ego now (and John was still taller, ha).
“Every day, we stray further away from sanity,” John said, leaning into Sherlock. “A small part of me regrets Greg’s awful curiosity with half the weird shit this house is packed with.”
“Forensic pathology. Her grandma is a veterinarian here, so she kinda practised on some dead animals. You know, skinning them, post mortem examinations, that sort of thing.”
“You better,” John grinned up at him, tipping his chin up to meet him in a kiss. The sloppy sound of it apparently interested Redbeard enough to stuff his snout into the action, breaking them apart. “Ew, off, Red!”
She wanted to go on, but at that moment a younger student opened the door of the class and stuck her head inside. “Professor McGonagall?” the blonde girl said. She had a dreamy look on her pale face.
Harry and Ron squinted, but didn’t know what to look for, so all that remained was to follow Hermione to a front of black wooden doors with the inscription 221b Baker Street in golden letters that levelled with their eyes.
Sherlock let his forehead rest on Mrs Hudson’s seat headrest. The car’s engine lulled him into a haze of daydreaming, leaving him to his thoughts. Irene, recovered from last night’s brain freeze, talked to Mrs Hudson about trivial stuff like politics and knitting (she kept making references to that dreadful webcomic of hers).
Sherlock and Cas looked at each other, unsure whether to move or not, but Mrs Hudson’s insistent cough told them to move their asses. She pulled them both into an embrace and then went to sit in the driver’s seat. Greg patted his boys on the back, let Irene depart with a last hug, shook Cas’ hand, and got in the passenger’s seat.
As Irene dug into her food once again, John and Sherlock strode in. Mrs Hudson greeted them, scoffing at Sherlock who faintly smelled of cigarette smoke. John scooted in next to Irene and Sherlock beside Mrs Hudson.
It shouldn’t have sent shivers down his spine, but it did. John stepped back, squinting at Sherlock, but due to their height difference he had to tip his head back. That didn’t make him any less intimidating. Sherlock swallowed, giving John a smile that was supposed to placate him.
“Once down, I saw another lantern approaching me on the bridge that I repaired the previous year. I thought it was my beloved and I called out to her, only to realise it was Hudson who came to meet me halfway. I asked whether Gloria was ill, feeling dread seize me until he told me otherwise. When I asked him what he wanted, he said that Gloria was ashamed of me and didn’t want to see me anymore. I knew it wasn’t the truth; after all Gloria had many opportunities to part with me and she didn’t consider it once.
A swarm of butterflies fluttered in John’s stomach, and he slowly returned his hand to cup Sherlock’s jaw. Music ignored, there were only the two of them, together, against the rest of the world.
“Watch out where you’re going, freak.” It was Anderson. The two years older, still-bitter Hufflepuff Prefect that despised his skin since he had exposed him for stealing Potion ingredients and selling them in Knockturn Alley. Then last year, there was a confrontation during their ride to Hogwarts, which was interrupted by John (gladly welcome) and eventually Mycroft (dully and reluctantly accepted).
“I wasn’t sure whether I should go downstairs alone,” he replied, putting the lighter aside. “The house is silent.”
“Hey -- you okay?” John asked, huffing as he seated himself next to his boyfriend’s sister. Not the best starter sentence.
“You sound like death,” Irene joked, letting an amused grin paint her lips. The red lipstick she chose to go with at the start of the day faded as she didn’t bother to reapply it.
The swoosh of a sheet being dramatically yanked off the exhibit could be heard through the walls. Irene put her ear to the door to hear their reaction. A few people gasped. And then they laughed, the shuffling of their feet where they stood telling of their released anticipation. Irene heard the click of a camera as someone took a picture.
Irene threw a glance at Sherlock, who was absorbed in his ridiculous crossword, seemingly oblivious to what John had said. The silence in the kitchen was deafening, so Irene left John to fold the sandwiches into perfection and went to fetch Kate and Cas. Mrs Hudson was dusting in the living room and moved strategically upstairs. No furniture was forgotten, and even the stuffed abominations got a touch-up, the picture frames that held cryptic grainy photographs and paintings of cats moving from side to side before settling into an angle no one cared to adjust. Mrs Hudson liked it better like this, Greg couldn’t give a damn, and Irene appreciated its unique vibe. She fetched Kate and Cas to join them in the kitchen, and the five of them devoured the sandwiches sooner than Mrs Hudson was done dusting the ground floor. Cas didn’t count -- he took his sandwich apart, poking at the lettuce and ham while Irene and Sherlock each stole from his tomatoes, John the lettuce, Kate the ham, and the dogs got the bread. Everyone was sated.
Tutoring Mrs Hudson on confidence, self-esteem, sugar, spice, and everything nice turned out to be even more fun than Irene had anticipated. They went through the usual steps Irene supervised before amateur fashion shows, and after each mini task she had the upkeeper do, Irene saw Mrs Hudson inevitably succumb to the chill atmosphere she and Kate and Greg created. It took some effort, but Greg’s occasional anecdotes and Irene’s and Kate’s meme culture did a great job of ensuring that the upkeeper stays calm and relaxed after the face masks (even though Greg shamelessly ate about three quarters of the cucumbers).
At the same time, Castiel seemed harmless, tame. The kids trusted him, that much was obvious, but they were basically gullible golden retriever puppies that wouldn’t recognise a threat if it barked at them. He couldn’t blame them, even though he would expect them to be more careful since they know about the supernatural bullshit going on in town. Irene even painted the guy’s nails in colours of the rainbow, and Greg got mixed signals, but he played along with their ruse.
say it out loud. But he was glad that starting tomorrow, on September first, he would start plotting some new interesting adventures in the castle. He had quite something in mind.
John hummed in agreement, yawning into a closed fist. Sherlock snapped the file closed after taking pictures of the documents and straightened his back, checking where Janine had gone. His pent up frustration rose upon seeing the girl’s treatment of his dear step-sibling, and the conflict with Donovan didn’t help. He had to take it out on something -- or someone. “
“Sorry, John. I underestimated how much stuff we’d need for the repairs,” Mrs Hudson apologised, her hand caressing the golden necklace around her neck.
“Don’t be crude, John,” Sherlock smirked, tugging him forwards, shutting the journal with a snap. “They’re unable to fly, like ostriches.”
“Hey, Angel,” she said. Cas looked none the better. Somehow, his shirt had dried on his way up, but his shorts still bore moist patches on them. “Thank you for saving me. With Sam and Dean.”
As they retreated to their respective rooms, Sherlock heard Cas being called over by Sam. They had a private debriefing amongst themselves.
? “You’ll get used to it,” Sherlock deadpanned to Sam. The man tipped his chin, turning a page to read further nonsense. John slid a PB&J sandwich to Sherlock as he sat next to him and they ate in silence while Sam and Lestrade debated the risks of having a monkey pick songs for radio breaks.
“Arrest! What for, Dimmock?” Lestrade gasped, taken aback to how the situation was evolving. Dimmock took out a pair of handcuffs, and the devil boys cheered. Lestrade backed up, circling the car making this a cat-and-mouse chase. “Are you crazy? I’m the victim here!”
John turned on his heels to see Greg, who cracked his knuckles and came in to grab a bite. “A moment ago Irene was having a meltdown about being shorter than Kate, and now they’re saying I’m too short for a guy.”
“What’s that supposed to mean?” Sherlock glared at the two of them. That was treachery, Redbeard coming up to Mycroft right now.
“Scared?” John suggested, and Sherlock nodded tersely. “Yeah, it’s a bit… intense. To sort of, I dunno, put yourself out there. I understand it could be overwhelming. Truth be told, my head still spins when I remember that you said yes.”
“You really are on edge today, Morstan,” he laughed, rubbing the sore spot. She hated his guts, but she had to work with him, as one of the lower ranking members of the club. Moran was a little above her, despite his tomfuckery of a personality. This was her consecrating mission -- one that would allow her to rank up to one of the more trusted members.
He thought back to earlier that day after he’d ended a tour. Mrs Hudson had called him into the kitchen where she awaited him patiently, and moments later Irene had trotted downstairs to join them, and Kate as well.
“There’s nothing to apologise for. I like listening to you. Your voice is soothing, did you know? You could narrate documentaries with it. About penguins, maybe, or whatever it is people narrate these days.”
ANYWAY, we'll get to the birthdays and birth years of John, Sherlock, Irene and Greg eventually as we progress.
“Look, Irene. I know you like helping those in need, but maybe talk to her out of water? Just because she didn’t harm you yet doesn’t mean she can’t be planning it this instant. Mermaids could be a close family of sirens, and those that we’ve met were dangerous.”
Dropping his face in his calloused, dirty hands, Greg sighed. He really was tired. But rest has been eluding him for the past two decades, who is he to chase it?
"I read it this morning, you git," John laughed bitterly, crossing his arms. "Remember? You were slouched on the couch in your Mind Palace working out how the hell Greyback found us and I had this delivered. Well, Mrs. Hudson had. I even read the titles out loud."
“You’ve nowhere else to go now, mortals,” the leader of the hive said. The monster lowered itself on its knees and leaned forward to peer at the trio. “Give us our Mom back and we won’t hurt you.”
“You got lost in that head of yours again,” John laughed, lips quirking up in a mischievous smile as he regarded Sherlock warmly. “Was the food good?”
A quick search on social media delivered satisfactory results. Irene Adler had quite the revealing facts posted for the world to see, unassuming how useful they were for Mary. Despite Adler’s intentions which were fairly truthful and honest in her
“It’s a crime scene,” John explained bluntly, eyes still downcast on his pen that kept writing something unreadable on the blank page. “We want to know how blood would splatter if a bleeding body hung upside down by the ankles while it kept swinging.”
“They’re staying over -- Martha is their aunt, turns out -- and they’re hunters. I think they’re the boys Bobby Singer once told me about. I just want to see the extent of their work, I suppose.”
“An experiment, actually,” Sherlock supplied, feigning indifference as he tried to ignore the red splotches totally out of bounds of the newspaper. He hopped off the sill, almost slipping on the papers.
Loud thunder reminded them that they were still outside and that a proper storm was coming. In a way, it resembled the tension releasing between the two of them. Finally free of the constraints, anticipation dissipating into action.
It’s not like she wasn’t used to people going about their business, but she could’ve gotten a heads-up. Sigh. Boys. Idiots, the three of them. That was partially why she was even happier for her infatuation with women. However, as it made a few things easier, it made a few things also a bit harder. That was to be expected in the dating sphere; no two people were the same.
“Table in the centre, got it,” John finished, dipped his chin in approval. Irene had already whipped out her phone and snapped pictures. Sherlock’s mouth twitched - this was
The Flying class took place outside the castle on the lower grounds. First Years from all four Houses gathered on a wide enough lawn and waited for Madam Hooch, their teacher, to show up.
“We were classmates through elementary and high school,” Mike explained, the tips of his ears going pink as he smiled at his sandal clad feet. “We’ve been friends for what, fifteen years?”
“Faster,” John called out, his hand roaming across the bed as if searching for a remote to speed things along.
personal weapons but another sidearm and three smoke bombs each. They each had been given a gas mask, which now hung loosely around their necks, and flack vests on over their clothing. The ride to the strip mall was tense, but no one attempted to make small talk. John, Greg, and the four other men in the van were the last team to go in. John was aware that Mycroft had designed it that way on purpose. Keeping John out of the first volley, while not holding him back entirely.
“John, I’m not an idiot you know,” Greg said, giving John a rueful smile. “I know about Hope. If anything, it makes you a better friend. I know I’d rather someone at my side who won't hesitate. It’s what partners do, and tonight I’m glad to have you by my side.”
“John,” Sherlock said tentatively, “There’s nothing in there saying my main purpose is to please you.”
“Even if it means putting me on a leash and keeping me at your side?” Sherlock said, repeating his earlier statement.
“None, other than I want you to relax and not fret about what’s going on in here. Now go. It’s rude to keep visitors waiting.”
.” Sherlock growled while rolling his hips, displaying the hard line of his erection through his trousers.
“We can discuss that once Moon Young and Lilianne have been found, safe or otherwise.” He said in a low tone.
I need to drop a quick apology! If any of you have been following the Omega RP Accident and I have been posting, you'll see that the RP is written in the present tense. I keep slipping up and dropping presence tense in this fic. Every time I think I've caught each mistake, I find more. Grammarly usually does a good job of finding those mistakes, but it has failed me a few times.
“Jesus.” John gulped, his head spun, and butterflies set up permanent residence inside his stomach. Numbly he reached out, his hand finding the bottle of beer and lifting it to his lips. Sherlock watched, one eyebrow raised, his tongue toying with his lips as John tried not to choke on his beer. “You’re actively trying to kill me.” John wheezed, trying to push away the image Sherlock had just projected into his brain.
“John,” Greg began in a warning tone, but one look at the other man showed Greg that John had no intention of changing his mind. “Be safe.” He said instead, then held his hands out to the young lady in front of him. “Ms. Kato, your mother has been worried about you.”
“Now that you’re collared, and I can give you orders again,” John lectured, his tone stern and absolute, “let’s get one thing straight. When collared, you are
“It was…” Sherlock paused, searching for the words that could adequately describe how it felt to be inside his John. “Like we were one. As if suddenly, every love song in the universe made sense. It felt amazing, different than anything I’ve ever felt. Tighter than a fist or a mouth, softer, maybe? The pleasure was more intense, harder to control. And seeing you thoroughly enjoying it only heightened my experience. Thank you, John.”
“Baker Street,” John laughed, sliding his hands off of Sherlock’s shoulder, down his arm until their fingers were clasped together. “Just the end is fine; we can walk from there.”
Another apology, Google Docs seems to have messed up my margins, so the spacing in this is has gone all funny. Margins isn't my strong suit, so I don't know how to fix it. Bear with me on that front please.
