“John! You’re hurt!”
“I'm a freak, Mummy even told me I was a sociopath. Still, I love her. That's why I took her away. I don't want her to grow up thinking reputation and money is all there is.” Sherlock was close to tears, desperate for her to understand.
“John and I just had a discussion about where we live and… he agreed to let us live here. We will stay here.”
“I know because each time he comes to see you at work, and waits for you until your shift ends, you are all he looks at. Nothing else. It’s A&E with patients and medical personnel everywhere but he doesn’t look at them. At all. And…”
When John called, the little one was already asleep against his chest. Mycroft had texted him updates on Sarah all day. She seemed to be doing fine for her situation.
Stop staring! Reading! I'm reading not staring!
John smiled; it had been ages since they’d bantered like this.
If only she had been quicker, if she had made that part of the house closed... if she hadn’t argued with Siger about Sherlock and how to handle the press scandal… Maybe… maybe he would have come to her before going there alone… maybe…
Christmas Eve had been wonderful. Of course, Sherlock would never admit that openly, but he enjoyed their little party, especially because Leanna seemed to have a lot of fun. Still, after they had opened presents with Leanna and had breakfast with Mrs. Hudson, he was relieved to find the flat silent the next morning.
“It’s just a party, you drama queen! I already said yes, we ARE going! And you saw Leanna, she wants to go, you can’t disappoint her!”
Janine wasn't an evil person, it was just that her priorities didn't lie with her daughter. Sherlock's didn't either, but he was an alpha, not a care taking and loving omega. At least that was what he told you when his guilty conscience got too loud to ignore.
“No, you are heroes that beat bad people!” Leanna explained very proudly.
“You like it then.” It was more a statement than a question, but John heard the uncertainty hidden nonetheless.
a huge thanks to Ariane DeVere. Her transcript helped a lot with the cases
“You have to be patient John! You had a traumatic experience; you have to give time to your body and your mind to recover from your time in Afghanistan.” Ella waited until John looked at her and continued: “Maybe you could go out more. Have you met someone since the last time? There are alpha/omega pairing matrimonial agencies you could try. I could give you some addresses if you’d like.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock had left. Again. The insufferable man had deigned to send him a text telling him he had left Leanna with Mrs Hudson and had gone to Barts… A new wave of anger rolled inside him. Oh, Sherlock wanted to play that game? Very well. He called Sarah and told her he would take all shifts possible at the A&E.
“I'll take a shower. Lestrade wants to see me for a murder case later.” His family smiled at him and he couldn't help smiling back.
“She kept being annoying. Leanna has a cold and she wanted to go to the doctor with her. Asked me four times. For a fucking cold.”
The doctor was awake straight away, a proof that he was as on the edge as Sherlock was.
“And yet, here I am.”
So, here enter Moriarty. Janine didn’t know his name but he was a frightening individual. One of her friends had talk about this mysterious man who could solve all problems… Moriarty had found where her little runaway husband was hiding. But finding him and bringing him and Leanna under her control again, not the same thing… She had refused to inform Mrs Holmes. Too dangerous for Janine. Who knew what Sherlock would do facing the wall? He had already disobeyed his mother once, he could to it twice. What if he divorced her?
They hadn’t really talked about sex yet, about what they were comfortable doing or trying… John didn’t know how to start talking about it. So far they had let mostly their instincts run even if John felt like he was always controlling himself, assessing Sherlock reactions to be sure he liked what John did. He was afraid of what he could do if he lost all restraint. He had dreamt about burying himself, deep inside Sherlock, of taking him completely and not so gently. Sherlock couldn’t want that too. It was so far from what his alpha’s instinct would urge him to do. To submit was not in Sherlock’s temperament…Even if he seemed to love when John was protective of him, it couldn’t go as far as accepting to be mounted, wasn’t it?
His eyes wandered over to the bed and the sleeping form of his bondmate, the mother of his children. They still loved each other, somewhere under the layers of ignorance and betrayal, miscommunication and silence. A missed opportunity. They could have loved each other, could have had a happy marriage, if it hadn’t been for his stupid heart. Too late now.
“Because you are stunning! I can assure you I am not the only one looking… Which doesn’t please me at all, but well, I can’t really blame them, you are quite radiant, the massage did wonders on you!”
“Sherlock?” he said, eyebrows raised.
“Holmes Manor, sir.”
“Yes, yes.”
“Papa, Daddy! Look ! I have a new teddy bear! And books! And…and look, the drawing books I wanted!!!”
A moment later, John was back in his arms, seeking comfort.
“You can't take her back there. I am her alpha. I am the one who can decide where she lives. I know it's a law discriminating against omegas, but right now I'm glad it exists. That woman is not fit to be a mother. Neither was Mummy.”
Sherlock wondered, if Janine already knew John hadn't bonded the Omega to him, or if she still thought Leanna and he would return to her.
John was quiet for a while. “Why did you lie to her?” He loved him even more for not doubting his approach.
Mrs. Hudson, their landlady, was an angel. Leanna loved her and Sherlock tolerated her fussing about them, baking scones and making tea. Mrs. Hudson got them a bed and other furniture for Leanna from her sister's grandchildren. The upstairs bedroom got a little cramped with all their stuff, but Sherlock didn't mind and he was convinced Leanna didn't either.
The detective went to kneel down beside her bed.
John looked at his sister, who laughed back at him before taking away her girlfriend to see the other guests.
“If you wanted to stop me from crying you failed, love” John half cryed, half laughed, his face buried in Sherlock’s neck. The alpha’s smell was very potent, the man must have forgotten to use his spray this morning. John was very much glad about it, he craved the scent and it was with great relief he noticed there were no shame in him about admitting he loved the alpha’s scent.
Sherlock sat up and his daughter climbed into his lap. He brushed a flour streak from her cheek with his thumb.
John winced; he didn’t like the idea at all. It was hateful.
“Leanna!!! Leanna, where are you?” John began to run in the store, searching for green and red, asking people that he crossed if they had seen a little girl in an elf costume. The anguish was more and more intense, he was panicking, where was she, god, please, make her be safe and not in some psychopath’s hands!
“Uh, Joh…John, please!”
Sherlock loosened his grip so John could pick... their.... daughter up. Leanna snuggled into them both and it was a little uncomfortable for both the doctor and the detective, but neither of them was willing to give up their positions in favour of a cuddle in the doorway.
“I think it will be a boy. We are already two girls, we need a boy.”
John tried to think about letting Sherlock do that to him…He had to admit the thought wasn’t repulsive at all… But he was also scared. Sherlock was well endowed. And the detective wasn’t used to sexual congress, he only had sexual intercourse with Janine when they were in heat and so drugged by hormones Sherlock must have had very few recollections of those times. Their attempt at… penetrative sex could become a disaster very easily with him seriously injured and Sherlock scarred for life about intercourse.
“Why is he sad?” Leanna repeated and even in the dark Sherlock could sense her looking at him.
“Oh Yes, St Bart.”
“Yes, sorry, but I've already spoken with two police men.”
“London, Papa?”
She acted against her instinct, her duty as a doctor more important than some stupid feeling in her guts.
“Did you like your day with John, little lioness? I see you are wearing your elf clothes”
This story includes mpreg
A few seconds, or minutes really, hard to say, John came to his senses, suddenly worried about Sherlock… But the man was still recuperating, eyes shut, well he had obviously orgasmed just after John. He couldn’t help feel a little smug about it… and he saw the bond mark, or what would be a bond mark had Sherlock been an omega. The biet to the neck was severe this time, it would scar, not exactly as a bond bite, it would be less visible… But still… There would be a mark identifying Sherlock as taken, his…
Sherlock kissed that wonderful mouth again, before he let his lips wander deeper, hands slowly gliding from John's. He lapped at a nipple, teasing it as John groaned and wiggled underneath him in a search for friction.
“Is it okay?” Sherlock asked, some doubt in his tone.
“Twins. We are having twins. I … I still have to process it. Can we talk about it at home, please?”
“I suppose Leanna is finally asleep, then?”
Mycroft's smile was forced, as he kept his arms wrapped around the child in his lap.
“A very human trait. Everyone is programmed to reproduce and hand on the one DNA to the next generation.”
His phone vibrated on the night stand. Sherlock nuzzled into John's hand again, before picking it up.
Sherlock held back a smile, knowing how seriously Leanna took playing pretend.
Beta by the lovely justbecause. Thank you so much
“I’m sure you know they don’t know what we are doing and won’t have any memory of it, soooo… I would very much like to. kiss. my. lovely. boyfriend!” John said gleefully kissing him to make his point between each word.
After looking a long time, he finally resigned himself to look at his mobile phone. The battery had died while he had been…with Sarah, there must be some miss calls and messages… John’s heart broke when he saw all the texts messages Sherlock had sent… The desperation, the worry… He should never had left in the first place… This must have been hard on Sherlock.
“You marvel, you practiced while I was working, didn’t you!” John went and kissed his ridiculous man. Sherlock grumbled something but kissed back.
“What? Tell me! I have to know what you are thinking!” John cried now his fear once more reignited.
“You will gather all the evidence possible and come back to London as soon as possible. Sebastian Moran is a dangerous man and we need him in custody yesterday.”
“Yes. She did” And John began laughing.
Life with John was wonderful. They fitted perfectly into life at 221B Baker Street and one or two nights had developed into something more permanent without them really talking about it. Leanna had fully recovered after three days. In that time she mostly slept in the upstairs bedroom, as John and Sherlock sat in the living room, talking. Sherlock had never been one to make friends, but it felt comfortable with John. He still remembered vividly John laughing when he had used his chemist micropipette in order to precisely measure Leanna' doses of medication. . It had been the first time in a long time someone laugh at him without disgust or malicious intent. It was refreshing and soon he had giggled with John.
“Imbecile! Our second gender has everything to do with what your problem is!” Sherlock yelled exasperated.
“Someone is hungry I see!” John laughed.
“Don’t yell! You have no right yelling at me! You’re not my alpha!” she shouted.
“Oh very very good, love! I am laughing because I am happy! So so happy you went and organised all this for me!”
Sherlock’s voice was deep and composed, John could concentrate on it and control his anger, tame it. The detective was rubbing his back, small circles that soothed him… Until he jerked himself out of it like it burned him. How could he find comfort when Sarah was being kept somewhere…
Sherlock’s cock was typical alpha, broad-base and long. John began nuzzling his groin; the smell was stronger and more potent. He loved it and started to lick, Sherlock’s vocal approval encouraged him and he tried to take the head in his mouth and sucked. John was not new to sucking cocks but never a male alpha and it was his first time trying with Sherlock. He wanted to make it good and not overwhelm his mate. Sherlock was so sensitive, his big brain intent on trying to overanalyse every nerve ending. John had to find a good balance between making Sherlock wild with sexual input and not too much or it would become painful. But there wasn’t any case, Sherlock was all his, and he had wanted to give a blowjob for a long time.
His heart throbbed again at the thought of that. He couldn't. There was no life without John, not anymore.
They made a big breakfast in the middle of all the boxes. Sherlock was gravitating around John like a butterfly, didn’t stay long but always came back, small touches each times. John hadn’t smiled so much in a long time, he felt like his zygomatic muscles were stuck in an upwards motion.
“Doctor Watson” the little voice of a nurse interrupted his thoughts, “there are patients in the waiting room already.”
“Where are we going.” Sherlock asked the driver.
Small kisses pressed to the top of his head, arms wrapped around his shoulders.
John had just received an invitation from a famous talk show to talk about his unusual relationship with another alpha. His mother had sent him the offer and strongly advised him to accept. “You should be the first to give information. You will be able to choose what you want to say, what you want to share. If you don't, the media will give their own view. They won't let go if you ignore them. Your blog is working; there is more and more positive feedback! And you're lucky the media still doesn’t know about Sarah and the pregnancy. Janine's court case  is in a few months, this kind of information won't stay a secret forever, and it can soon turn ugly if you don't play your cards well!”
He said nothing, didn't start a fight, because in his mind a plan was forming. Leanna wouldn't suffer one more day in this loveless house. He had married an omega, had a child, met most of his parents expectation because of his alpha status but that he couldn’t accept. He is Sherlock Holmes and damn if he is can’t do what he wants!
John saw Sherlock trying to hide his smile seeing all they had bought. It was cute how Sherlock still tried to be somehow a Grinch but made a very bad job at it.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Can I see him?”
Leanna giggled. “He didn't. He tried to change the light bulb and fell of the ladder. Both hands are sprained and the leg is broken.”
Leanna crawled up to lay on his chest, making herself small and he wrapped
Leanna was sitting on his belly, looking at the man beneath her with a mix of pity and professionalism. She was wearing one of John's lab coats, sleeves rolled up and Mrs. Hudson's spare glasses on top or her dark curls.
Now, Sherlock was staring out of the window onto Baker Street which was somehow slowed down by the Christmas spirit. John would be back in an hour and they would probably spend the day watching crap telly and cuddling on the sofa. Cuddling would turn into lazy kisses, kisses into heavy snogging and then they would move into the bedroom and...
WHAT ?!!! No, no, no, no, no! Sherlock couldn’t be serious! John took his gun in hand. It couldn’t be possible, Sherlock wouldn’t, he wouldn’t …. kill himself? Was that what Moriarty was after? Sherlock killing himself in exchange of what? His, Sarah's and the children safety? It was completely mad! He couldn’t do that!
Ambre (aka ember88)
“Oh John. I... that was...”
“Git! You are being purposely thick!”
They finally arrived in front of the planetarium of London.
“Nothing wrong Sherlock, just, I wanted to ask, hmm, if you would like…you have already pack all your stuff…so, I wanted to propose you to…move in…with me…in my bedroom…which would be…ours I suppose? But only if you want! And, and to sleep! Mostly… Whatever you want… please ignore my rumbling and…Sherlock? Could you say something? I won’t be angry if you don’t want to…”
“This can't tear us apart, Sherlock.”
Sherlock was a little ahead of him, hands buried in his long coat to fight the chilly October air. And suddenly, the thought of taking these hands was overwhelming, he wanted to but didn’t dare act on it. They had agreed to try to be discreet when outside Baker Street, Sherlock usually wore his beta’s scent, but he forgot sometimes when they just go outside with Leanna, it was risky to officially become an alpha/alpha couple. So much prejudices… And some people were very vocal and sometimes even aggressive when confronted with an unusual pairing…
“I can have a kiss whenever I want. Why would I need a... coupon for that?”
When John finally arrived at the flat, he climbed the stairs shouting, “Sherlock !”. But he froze when he opened the door of the living room.
Sherlock felt the tears on his cheeks but didn’t bother to wipe them away. He didn’t know what to do with himself, felt helpless in his grief. Helpless and small.
“It would be easier if I were an omega and could carry your offspring.” Sherlock regretted his words as soon as they left his mouth and he regretted his harsh tone even more.
“Hmm, what have I done to deserve this attention” John moaned, letting go the dishes and accepting the embrace, his head falling backward against Sherlock shoulder to give him better access to his neck. His neck which became so sensitive after all the attention the detective gave it.
Sherlock predictions were exact; Clara didn’t get mad at Harry and stayed the whole evening very close, showing her protective side.. John thought they were cute together. He would need to talk to Clara and Sherlock later about this situation, he didn’t want to overstep on Clara’s territory, but somethings had to be done about those ex co-workers of Harry's
And this was what they did. Leanna lay between them on the bed, fist curled around John's pyjama shirt, John's arm spread across her tiny body in a protective manner. They both were asleep and Sherlock couldn't stop watching them…
“Hum… Lucky me your brain is only one of the many asset you have that I love” Sherlock cheekily answered, looking down at John still spread on the bed, entirely naked.
Northumberland Fusiliers to a stray bullet which found its mark in HIS shoulder…
“Oh” Sherlock breathed.
But Sherlock didn’t elaborate about Janine; “She feels safe here. She wants to stay. John, and I think we should…just…stay here?” Sherlock finished, uncertain; John’s intense stare had derailed his line of thought.
“You’re taking me on a date!”
“You really enjoyed... the penetration. I thought you did it, because you thought I needed it or wanted it or something, but you… enjoyed it.”
“Sherlock. She is three! Christmas is more than gift giving, it’s family time and love and magic! You don’t want to deprive her of all that!”
They were not bonded.
Before falling asleep, he vowed to himself that he would never doubt Sherlock’s heart, that he would make more effort to communicate when he was feeling distraught, he would make the change to be a better mate for Sherlock. Right now he didn’t feel very much worthy of this incredible man’s love but he could improve. He would.
With a last effort, he rolled himself to not crushed Sherlock under his weight and took Sherlock, still breathing hard, in his arms to cuddle him.
“Okay, I don’t see a bond mark, are you going to be present for the pregnancy?” The doctor’s eyes were frowning with suspicion.
“Oh... oh yes, John. Could you... Could you...”
Sherlock’s cock was red and leaking, angry with lack of attention from one John Watson.
“Don't you dare. Don't you dare do that, or even think about it, Sherlock Holmes.”
“Text from your brother”, John said and tried to hand him the phone. Sherlock ignored that again, concentrated on his microscope.
“No Sherlock. I don’t know about the baby… Never really thought of myself as a father, really…But the one thing I know, it’s that I love you, I don’t want to compromise that. Never… And you? It’s not all about me here…Is it…” John’s heart began to race, why hadn’t he thought about that earlier? What if it was a deal breaker for Sherlock? “Would you…would you stay if…Sarah keeps the baby?”
John could feel Sherlock’s elevated heartbeat under his hands. He had to calm down a little, slow down, go back to more familiar territory and slow love making.
Minutes later Sherlock was sitting on the stool in the kitchen while his doctor treated his arm, medical kit on the kitchen table. Maybe it was the pain, but Sherlock only realised the silence when John washed his hands afterwards, still not saying a word.
It took a while. They talked about all their options and possibilities. Mycroft had tried to get hold of Richard Brook and failed, which was a surprise in itself. No one at the newspaper had information on him or on how he had managed to get the article printed and for both of the Holmes brothers, it just screamed Moriarty. Which made the occurrence more difficult. Sure, Sherlock was excited. After months without a sign of life this was an amazing turn in their game, but as it involved his own family, his enthusiasm had decreased.
(Cover Art)
“NO!” Janine was fuming, “He promised it would work! If my life is ruined, Sherlock can’t have everything he wants just because he is an alpha! It’s not fair!”
“Yeah. Me… me too. I mean, we've only been dating for four months, but this feels... right. I mean, when I think about it, I fell in love with you shortly after you moved in. That's not even a year.” John looked at him in disbelief. “We haven’t even known each other for a year, but it feels like an eternity. In a positive way, of course.”
“No.” Sherlock made his way over to him, pressing his lips to John's forehead. “No, I need you like this. I need you to let out the anger for both of us.”
John’s parents loved the book and promoted it a lot through their organisation which had grown over the years. Their protest marches and peaceful gatherings were always loud and colourful and Sherlock was sure, they would be heard one day.
“If you'd spend one second looking at her, once in your life, you would have seen that she is so loving, so clever and so brilliant. And that is not my achievement, not yours either. It's who she is. She deserves love and you didn't give it to her.”
The beta version is up now! Thanks Justbecause!
Suddenly, John recognised the blond head of his sister. She was smiling, a new haircut, shorter, it suits her better and she had an envelope with his name in her hands, she was fine, better than, probably a good news to tell. John was deducing, you couldn’t live with a genius consulting detective without learning a thing or two. He did pay more attention, or tried to.
“Very useful! You are forbidden to leave me more than 200 yards then” John said half joking.
Waking up was a slow process. The first few tries ended with her sinking back down to the bed and into unconsciousness. A bed. She was on a bed. She had been kidnapped, but she wasn't hurt, except for the nausea and she was on a four-poster bed, not in a dark, wet cellar. There was light coming from a small window and from what she could see outside the room had to be on at least the second or third floor.
“Mycroft sent a car to get Mrs H home quickly. I thought I could catch up with you, least I can do when I stood you up tonight. I’m very sorry, this is the first time in weeks since we had some time alone. Maybe we can walk a little, eat a fish and chips?”
John was overwhelmed, Sherlock seemed to have read the entire traditional romantic date things to do but dam, it was working. After 20 minutes in the bath, he found a new outfit ready for him, finely tailored; he never had worn such a fine product…
“Your daddy's heart is very big. He has space for all of us in there. Well, his heart is very average size probably, working very sufficiently in pumping blood through his body, keeping him alive, but... oh, there he is.”
(See the end of the chapter for
It was a simple waltz, but John felt his nerves tingle everywhere he could touch Sherlock. It was lovely, and nerve-wracking… He had Sherlock literally in his arms. He should have paid attention to those dancing courses his mum insisted on when he was young; he wouldn’t feel so much like a fish out of water…But Sherlock truly was a good dancer and bit by bit, he relaxed and let himself be guided. Soon, the dance floor emptied, as people just watched them dancing. It should have been embarrassing, but right now, John didn’t give a fuck.
“But you could just go with her John! She trusts you now, I don’t have to go with you!”
And then there were his parents. Mummy wouldn't just leave him be. She would want him to come back, for them to pretend to be a happy family which had just been fooled by a greedy omega. There were articles about the Holmes’ in magazines, tabloids and online. Sherlock had read a few, before he had thrown his phone against the wall (It survived unharmed, luckily). His mother had been interviewed and had told the journalist how Sherlock was so shocked by his wife's behaviour that he now avoided leaving the house. God, that woman would do anything to save her family's reputation.
This was not a game. He might enjoy the puzzles, but this was about the lives of three people belonging to their pack. And James Moriarty would not hesitate to kill them, was already killing the twins with every second of his presence. The risk of miscarriage due to the alpha’s unbonded scent was still high. Too high…
Sherlock pulled him closer, burying his nose in the short blond hair. For the first time, John needed his protection, his comfort.
“Well, thank you. I didn’t know.”
“John. John.... oh, I... John.”
Sherlock hit the desk. He wasn't a violent person, but this woman made him furious.
“I know, I know you didn’t…”
“Yes, my leg doesn’t bother me so much now, I rarely limp. It’s a nice improvement. I am sorry Harry, I have to go. There is something going on with Sherlock. I will call you about the party. Bye Harry, take care of yourself!”
Harry was chewing her lips. A habit she had since a toddler. She had been cruel. But he hadn’t been perfect either, and he missed his big sister, terribly. He didn’t hesitate.
“Hey, why don’t you tell me all you can deduce about the people here?”
“So impatient.” Sherlock smirked and John got out of bed. He leaned down to give Leanna her good morning kiss.
“Hmm. No one sleepwalking down there,” John purred into Sherlock's ear as his fingers closed around him. The detective's head fell back against John's shoulder.
The research on Moriarty went way to slow, no-one from Sherlock's homeless network could give him information on the private detective's whereabouts or background and he didn't have the time to spend a lot of time to think about it. Cases were always time consuming, but Moriarty would be different, more difficult, more dangerous. He was intelligent enough to slip under the radar of both Scotland Yard and Mycroft. Sherlock wanted him in jail. He wanted to stop this man he had never met and that had tried to ruin his life and would not hesitate to destroy the lives of other, if the payment was right. To be brief, James Moriarty had to be stopped. Better today than tomorrow and Sherlock would be the one to do it.
“No, no, no, Sherlock, love, it’s not your fault! I know you’re doing your best! I don’t hate you, I won’t ever hate you!” John tried to put all his certainties in his voice, his confidence and his love. But before he could add anything, he had a sobbing Sherlock crying on his shoulder.
“What for?”
And then… Then they had lost themselves in carnal need… Sherlock had let it happened. But John gently liking his neck to prevent infections made Sherlock get out of his head. Yes… They had bitten each other like some primal alphas, when he had first felt the burning of the bite, the desire to do the same, to own John too, had been too powerful to escape. The cautious licking felt like a silent apology… Sherlock didn’t want an apology, not for this, ever.
Sherlock, the giant cock, just grinned without answering and disappeared in their bedroom.
John felt gooseflesh to spread down his back. A delicious shiver.
Suddenly Sherlock shouted, “Mrs Hudson !!!!!”
John Watson's fists were clenched; Sherlock could see the soldier in the way he held his body. Everything in the doctor told him he was ready to hit anyone who would hurt his little patient, the same urge to protect Leanna that had led Sherlock to leave Sussex.
(See the end of the chapter for
An hour later, they were both clean and clothed. John had found lots of relief in washing off Sarah’s scent; he wouldn’t be completely clean until one day or two, but he didn’t reek of her anymore.
“I can’t help it Sherlock, I’m feeling incredibly happy right now. I have 3 wonderful, beautiful children in good health, I’m sure Sarah and Molly will be great friends and co-parents and I have a partner that I love more everyday and who, despite my own flaws and the difficulties ahead for us, loves me back and all that come with me.” Shit, and now he was feeling tears threatening to fall…
“What do you mean, no?”
“Yes! Again!” Sherlock buried his head in the pillow.
Sherlock suddenly stopped his deduction, “You should tell Clara when she arrives, you need to tell her, and let her do something for you.”
“John! Are you…?”
John left Sarah’s flat quickly after their conversation. They agree not to see each other for a few days, let the smell disappear completely.
“Good evening, Leanna. Brother dear.” Mycroft nodded at Sherlock, who felt like someone had hit him in the face. They had been tracked down. This was it. Still, he managed to let his voice sound bored.
“Stop! I would…have a serious conversation with…those…people” John was livid.
“John. We need to go to Sarah’s work place.”
It took them less than an hour to drink up and pack their bags. A cab picks them up and then finally, they are back. Sherlock had only been gone for a few hours, but he was so relieved to be back between the familiar walls.
“Hmm. No fever. That's good.”
John caught her, throwing her into the air as she giggled, but Sherlock sensed that something was wrong. John's shoulders were slightly hunched and he was unusually pale.
John put his hand on Sherlock’s hair, moist with perspiration, to ground himself in this moment.
John Watson had been in love before, or he had thought so, but nothing came close to what he was feeling right now for the man beside him. He wanted to touch him, claim him again! And if he believed the detective closeness in the cab, so did he.
“He… He… killed him… I couldn’t do… anything… He tried to save me… I am so sorry…” Sarah was now sobbing, loud and painful cries while she cling to him like he was her safeline.
For a while, no one said a thing, but Sherlock and Leanna secretly smiled at each other.
“Stop being all kissy. Tell Papa about the surprise?” Leanna climbed in between them, one finger pressed to either of her mouths.
It was warm that day, but the sun hid behind grey clouds. Sherlock held her for hours, as Janine recovered from the emergency C-section. Leanna slept through most of the time, her blue eyes that would probably change their colour later on in her life, closed. Her tiny nose reminded him on Janine's, but the lips had a curve similar to the cupid bow of his own mouth. She already had a head of dark hair. Sherlock was most fascinated with her hands, her tiny fingers that closed around his thumb out of reflex.
The sounds started when he had almost reached the staircase. A repeated thumb thumb, coming from somewhere deep in the house. He followed the sound up the stairs to the fourth floor and along hallways they hadn’t used in years. The upcoming sun just gave enough light for him to find his way.
almost done :D
“Love? Me? You?”
John had to go to work. He had successfully avoided the paparazzi with the help of Mrs Hudson. He was a little anxious about what would happen when he would reach his workplace… Would they know? Would they insult him from the moment he went inside? Sherlock had watchedt him leave with a worried expression… it didn’t sit well with him…
Leanna looked up at him. “So Daddy isn't going to live with Sarah? He's staying with us.”
John didn’t know what he was feeling. Everything happened too quickly or too slowly, he didn’t know. He had contradictory feelings about everything, it was exhausting. He was incredibly happy, but also worried about his son who wasn’t making any sounds. Sarah had been incredible, she had been in labor for hours and despite being a doctor, knowing all was perfectly normal, he had been terrified by his uselessness. All he could do was give one of his hand for Sarah to crush while Molly held the other.
Sherlock felt reminded of the first time they had been here, after their first big case together. It had been the evening of their almost kiss. Now, Sherlock could kiss John whenever he felt like it. He lifted the doctor's hand from the table to kiss his knuckles and John's smile was so warm and full of love, Sherlock's stomach fluttered.
The answer came mere seconds later.
Sherlock still hadn’t said anything, he was scanning him, he knew. What was he deducing? He had to tell him, had to explain, hope that they hadn’t lost what they had before even really having it.
The patient was still sleeping when they entered the room. Sherlock went on deducing what happened to him. “I am sure he was wounded by the kidnapper, but would Moriarty act himself? He never involves himself directly…”
Sherlock was still wearing pyjama pants, an old, grey shirt and blue robe, hiding all of his body behind fabric, except for his face, neck and hands to give no reason for John to be irritated by him.
“John, it’s okay, we all deal with this the best we can. I am going to see Mrs Hudson, she offered me a room to sleep and stay close.”
The soldier growled. “I know this alpha! How dare he take what’s mine!!!” John was seething with anger, “I am going to find him and kill him slowly and painfully until he tells me where he took my omega!”
His shoulder was killing him.
John felt such a relief from hearing Sherlock’s pardon and understanding, he could weep. There was something he wanted and hearing Sherlock reaffirming his feelings, he felt he could ask. “Sherlock, there is something else I wanted to ask you…”
He would lose John. Whether it was to Sarah or Moran… At least, the omega would make John happy.
“Seb, sweetheart. There's something I need you to do for me,” Jim purred, as the last spark died down in mid-flight.
“Really? Oh… I didn’t know I could… You never… Is that good?” John finally asked, not really sure what he should think of it… He was more fixated on the fact he hadn’t panicked and had felt quite good until now…
“Are you really okay, little brother?”
“Oh! Oh my god! Do you want to kill me?” John delicately massaged the tender area and tentatively inserted one finger. No resistance. It was warm, so warm and so tight nonetheless. John worried he would come just from that and moaned from the sheer enormity of what Sherlock was proposing.
There was something resembling a smile on the elder Holmes’ face, as he stepped closer. “John.” he nodded, scanning the room with a look that reminded John of Sherlock (he would never tell Sherlock that). “As you might have already realized, this isn’t just a social call.”
Maybe they could visit him sometimes, for Leanna's sake. He knew how much she loved the doctor. He would even live through seeing John and Sarah as a happy couple.
“Yeah, I would like that, if you agree Sarah?”
Ember88 and Strange_Johnlock
Sarah was on the third floor and he had to pass some of Mycroft’s men to enter the secluded part of the hospital.
John kissed the little girl and took her in his arms before taking Sherlock hand with the other.
Sherlock was arching under John’s ministrations, the ex-soldier gained confidence and took more and more of the member in his mouth, until his gag reflex made him go back a little.
Without a doubt and with cold determination, John walked to the men, gun firmly pointed to Moriarty’s head.
John was finishing tidying up the living room when he heard his phone vibrating on the table. A text.
Malo saw doubt in Kyle’s eyes and it hurt! But Matilda wasn’t one to stay idle when facing a bully.
“Hmm, the biological father, I'm Dr John Watson, alpha.”
Part 2 of 4
Roger was smart enough to look terrified. But when he finally took a big breath and look around him, he saw that Roger wasn’t the only one terrified. The nurses, the patients… They were all as far away as possible, in the air he could now smell how frightened they were of him. The reality of what just happened suddenly crushed him.
“You and Papa are… symbol that will…lead to a new…world… Daddy what does it mean?”
“What about Malo?” Molly finally asked. She hadn’t spoken for a while, probably gathering courage to make the proposition.
“You know that Sarah is an omega, right? Omegas can only conceive at a certain time and Daddy was with Sarah at that certain time. They didn't plan to have a baby, but now that it is growing inside Sarah's tummy, they love it. Like John didn't plan to meet us, but now we are a family.”
The smile got wider. “And I will, for a while, cure it. I will win this game. As much fun as it was, it has to end.”
“God, yes!”
The plan had been to wake John up by kissing his neck and whispering into his ear, which, in his mind, would have led to morning sex. Slow, huddled underneath the duvet, John's hands on him as he'd straddle the doctor's hips. Maybe he would have prepared himself before and they could have finally....
“Leanna!” Sherlock was still too close to John, too worked up to move and face his daughter.
He nodded at the women, if only to acknowledge their presence.
The innocent kisses became deeper and more thorough, John’s cock was beginning to twitch with interest. “Hmm, what do you think about a round two, love?” John whispered lusciously while his hand went to palm Sherlock’s limp cock.
“You didn’t tell Clara.” Sherlock affirmed with narrowed eyes.
Fingers replaced the tongue, John fuelled by Sherlock’s response to his ministrations just couldn’t wait anymore. He was careful to not stimulate the prostate too much, Sherlock seemed to be as near to coming as he was…
The day passed, and the next… He wasn’t sure if Sherlock even slept now… They had crossed paths several times. They had been polite. Haven’t spoken a word about their argument. Leanna must feel all the tension because she wasn’t her usual cheerful self and had several temper-tantrums John was at his desk, trying to finish his paperwork… He wasn’t in a hurry… For the first time, he didn’t want to go back to Baker Street, because he knew… He knew Sherlock would not be there… Leanna would stay the night with Molly, the detective had no reason to come home early… He looked at his phone, no text. Sherlock usually sent him about a dozen text a day, most of the time about silly things he was doing, just to share them with John. Now the few texts he received where only informative. Where he was. That he wouldn’t come home…
John felt like he had just swallowed a heavy rock… No, they had done all they could to protect Leanna from all the circus…
After a while, they were just hugging desperately.
“Oh yes, dear. We made chocolate cake.” Mrs. Hudson was standing in the doorway, still wearing her apron.
“Sarah…Really? I mean, yes, yes, I agree. I thought about taking responsibility, but…I'll do what you want. I am sorry it happened to you, Sarah.”
Sherlock pressed his mouth on John's in a clumsy kiss. Warm, dry lips tasting of black tea and gunpowder and John. The detective’s eyes fell shut, hands cramped into the fabric of his own robe, neck awkwardly bend.
“Anything else, or are you just going to make accusations? Because I don't have time for that, my child is waiting for me. A blind person would be able to recognize that Janine treated Leanna like shit. And no, I won't reconsider my wording. I have spent almost half a year with Leanna in London now and she's so much happier, she's glowing, smiling every day.”
Sherlock smiled at that and at that moment, John looked over to him. He gestured Sherlock to come over to them and Sherlock did, joining his family’s celebration.
He spent a while trying to find a seductive pose for John to find him in when he got home, but as time went by, he just curled up around himself and fell asleep.
“Look at them, John, Clara looks like a female version of Sherlock. You have to admit we have the same taste!”
“How about we take this to bed, gorgeous. We haven't had an evening to ourselves for way too long.”
“Hey, love, I was just teasing you!” John tried to reassure him.
Merry Christmas to all of you who celebrate it!
“What the hell are you trying to say?” John was becoming angry. Sarah shouldn’t be here, and why was everyone  telling him HE had a problem! He was fine.
“Is it really the 27th of February already?” John tried to make sure.
“Hey, you!” An older boy called him. Malo didn’t like the tone of his voice and tried to ignore him.
John looked at his phone, the call long finished, Sherlock wasn’t the kind to extend the duration of a goodbye… He felt racked by guilt… Sherlock, even if he had said he was alright, shouldn’t be alone with Leana and his grief.
John kept silent and looked at Sherlock. Fuck it, he would ask Sherlock to dance.
The word "cock" is mentioned in this ficlet :P
“I know the look on your face, little brother!”
“Thank you! You’re a doll Mrs Hudson! Give my love to Leanna, I will come and explain as soon as possible!” John didn’t wait and ended the phone call.
Soon they were naked, Sherlock curled around John, his head on the doctor’s chest. John thought the detective was fast asleep when he heard “I love you John.”
John looked at the car driving away with a heavy heart. Mycroft was the safest choice for their little girl, but it would be so hard without her. Besides him, he could see Sherlock’s stiff back. It must be so hard for him… But for some obscure reason, he couldn’t go to him, offer his arms and reassurance to the detective. He just couldn’t move.
We love getting comments :D
Molly. Poor Molly, he had completely forgotten she was even there. She was obviously fighting to keep her composure, she was shaking but John could feel her firmness in her steady eyes. They would be able to count on her to help. More precisely she would not back off, and would ask to be part of Sarah’s rescue.
“It's okay. I'm sure you'll pay me back later tonight.” With that, the sound of John's steps moved away.
When sherlock fell onto the mattress that evening after they had taken advantage of the empty flat, he felt a sense of peace. One year ago everything had still felt so unsure, their happiness fragile, but now they had found their routine and Sherlock loved every second of their crazy, loud, colourful life.
His wife's voice, calm throughout her threats, had an angry not to it now, which made her a little bit more human.
A car stopped behind him and without turning around he knows it's Mycroft.
“Hello, my Sherlock. How are you, son?” Siger whispered and Sherlock could hear the honesty in his voice. He tightened the embrace.
“My John can’t drop me!” the little girl said with so much confidence, it was humbling.
How could his perfect world have went to hell in just a few days? That’s what he had always feared. His pack was under attack, a vicious one. Not clear enemy to defeat, no clean shot to get out of their trouble. No easy solution.
John's steps on the stairs, the sound of them so familiar, so welcome. Still, in this moment, Sherlock was afraid of what they might bring, of the words John would chose to tell him they couldn't be friends anymore, not after Sherlock had tried to seduce him, failing miserably.
“We will miss you so much.”
There was a jewellery thief and there was a chase and a scalpel and when Sherlock came home, there was an angry John Watson.
“Ah, sorry. But I didn’t know they would be back in England until two days ago. I invited them last minute.”
“The kiss, our kiss, it... I was confused, because we're both Alpha's and this is … It means so much, Sherlock. It means everything. I... I'm not. God, I suck at this. At talking.”
John shook his head. “No. I’m not gonna stand here so you can humiliate me while I try and disseminate ...”
“Of course.” Sherlock kissed John's forehead. “Of course, mein Herz.”
John laughed, “Oh my sassy man, it’s all you! You are… exquisite! I would eat you all right now!”
John lost all his remaining colour. Sherlock felt a little guilty, he may have been a little too brutal here… But he wouldn’t back down. He was right. John had no right to ask him to change so much. It was against his nature.
“Is he alright? Is it life threatening? Just tell me!” John bursted out.
At the accusation, Sherlock's anger exploded, smelling like ashes, burned debris of a fire storm. He kept his voice low, but the alpha in him broke out of his cage. John had no right to make such demand from him!
Sherlock flopped down to the sofa, turning his back to their chairs. He curled into foetal position. He hadn't sulked in way too long. And it was late, John was probably asleep and still angry. Sherlock didn’t want to wake up, easier to stay here, on the couch.
“Well, you are a romantic.” “Wasn't before I met you.”
“John. Don’t think one second about something stupid like marrying me because of…this! You don’t see me as a prospective bond mate: you didn’t bite me, we didn’t kiss. This was nothing more than a physical necessity. I refuse, you hear me? I refuse to enter a loveless marriage again.
“Since when are you the reasonable one?” John joked, still dazed by this intense snog.
“Sherlock.” he simply said, tears in his eyes. “The babies?”
Leanna knelt on the chair and carefully pushed the hat on the baby’s head up a bit to reveal dark blond hair. In that moment she remained Sherlock so much of himself, wanting to know everything about the baby.
“John, we have been here a month. And after careful consideration, I think I can affirm that this living arrangement works for the three of us. You benefit from Leanna’s and my presence. First, I calculate you are smiling 88% of the time when you are here. Second, you don’t use your cane and you’re leg rarely bothers you anymore. Third, the frequency of your nightmares has decreased 54%, and I promise I can do better. I needed some experimentation but I have now identified the best music to prevent or calm your nightmares with my violin.”
They had spent a few minutes in silence, both watching Leanna as she sat on the floor, colouring again.
John decided to walk to his bedsit, his leg would be painful but he preferred to walk when thinking and dammit he was not ancient, only 29 years old and whatever Ella’s opinion, he should be able to walk 20 minutes if he wanted!
“Of course! We live together, you are the deducing genius, how could you not know?” John was astonished by Sherlock’s lack of confidence about this. The man exuded assurance all the time!
The doctor's face went still in his amazement. “You... you made her … John-spray?”
Oh god… It was a very… very… naked man.
“Sherlock! God! You surprise me! What are you doing here? I thought you were going back home?” John asked confused.
It was hard to leave the room, but he had to see Sarah and explained to her what happened, she would want to see her son.
Sherlock nodded. He would have been surprised if Mummy hadn't tried that, “That's why I didn't contact you at first. I hope you understand.”
“Leanna, can you put all the biscuits on the table?” Sherlock asked and looked at her while she went to the kitchen still concentrating on her steps to not drop anything.
“You have a GPS on your phone John. I will show you how to use it but you can always track my phone! We are in the 21th century after all!”
She fled from the room and to the gardens, where she walked between the rose bushes Siger had loved so much. She couldn’t comprehend what had happened, couldn’t believe she had killed a man. She missed her omega already, even with the rocky marriage they had had he had been her companion for thirty-seven years.
“John, it is Christmas soon, I want to be an elf and help Father Christmas!”
“Yes! They have all different voices” Uncle My was not always very bright but she would make sure he understood how to do it right.
Like Vany, I would like to thank you all for the comments and kudos. It’s very heart-warming! I never wrote a fanfiction before, Vany convince me to try and I am very happy she did, we are very compatible co-author I think! A very good experience and so much fun! So thank you Vany for being very persuasive ;) I am very happy i got to know you!
He found his doctor in the living room behind his laptop.
“Smart arse!”
“Yes. I need fresh air. You are the one to flee usually in the middle of a situation where… sentiments are involved, you can’t blame me to feel the same right now…”
Don’t bother, we are coming back home.
John's voice.
However, Sherlock wasn’t as enthusiastic as his daughter… “People John! You know I find people boring!”
Sherlock blushed adorably, and John felt overwhelmed and took him in his arms, making Sherlock put his head in the hollow of his neck and whispering loving endearment to the tall man.
John hurried to go back to Sherlock. His parents could be… overly enthusiastic. But it seemed he shouldn’t have been worried. Leanna was with her father and was charming everyone. She was showing what she had made out of salt dough. Everyone was properly impressed, Leanna was beaming and Sherlock looked very proud.
“Of course I like you! Very much”
Violet took a deep breath, trying to compose herself. Too many people were crammed into the small room. Policemen, her sons, John Watson, the girl and the paramedics taking care of her and Violet needed to get out.
Clara was a beautiful woman. Tall, dark long hair, magnetic blue eyes and she radiated happiness. She kept an arm around Harry’s waist whispering in her ear and Harry laughed. Dammed, seeing his sister laughing like that took him so many years before, when he was the one making her roar with laughter. Shit. He was definitely not crying!
“How much? About a pint. Hello, John.”
“Sherlock,” he answered, shaking her hand.
“God, how can you not... how are you so calm. This is … this is a catastrophe.”
Hearing that, John felt mostly relieve, it wasn’t unusual to keep premature children in incubators for a while. But he could see the unease in the doctor’s attitude, there was more and this young doctor didn’t know how to tell him.
John stayed silent, looking at Sherlock. He was so graceful dancing. He couldn’t deny anymore that he was attracted to him. But there was so much more than physical attraction… The man was…exceptional. He had caught himself dreaming about a life with Sherlock as his mate and Leanna.
“Oh. Good. And what prompted such resolution?”
It was difficult to go back to his past work placed. He had mixed feelings about the place, he had loved the job but he had felt betrayed when his relationship with another alpha had become public and not one of his colleagues had been supportive or even neutral about it. Anger and resentment were still there even after weeks…
Sherlock looked up from the newspaper article John had just shoved in his face. Usually, mornings were quiet in 221B. John would make tea and eat some toast while reading his beloved newspapers and Sherlock would do experiments, sometimes he had been doing so for hours before John woke up. This morning was different and Richard Brook was responsible for it.
“Sherlock, love. It's already half past nine. Molly should have been here an hour ago. She didn't pick up her phone either.”
“She is a clever girl, isn’t she. Sebastian Moran, Hello. You must be…”
John attacked Sherlock’s pants and once he got rid of the offensive piece of clothing, he let his hand caress those thighs.
Leanna helped him where she could, packing her stuffed animals and other toys into a box. She seemed to have fun doing that, but he could see her sad eyes. She was smart enough to know that this was for forever. No more John. No more cuddles and playing pretend and apple slices.
Sherlock leaned up and pressed a hard kiss to John's mouth. “I want to, John. The alpha part of me will need some time to get used to the thought of you penetrating me, but I want to.”
Leanna had grown from a new born to a quiet and observant toddler, dark curls bouncing from her head, pale eyes scanning her environment with an intensity, Sherlock was told, similar to his own. Janine dressed her in the most adorable dresses and put bows in her hair, making her the most adorable child in the world.
“Smell it.” John did, eyes widening.
Sherlock didn't know whether it was just John or if people in general were careful about showing their romantic feelings, if they weren't sure they were reciprocated. He couldn't come up with an experiment concerning romantic feelings, but what he could test was sexual attraction.
John was suddenly in his bed, no waterfall but still a naked man… that he had been unconsciously molesting in his sleep.
Myyyystraaadee
“John! Not in front of the babies!” Sherlock looked half affronted, half aroused, a very good sight indeed…
“What – how-how come the autopsy didn’t pick that up?” John licked his lips nervously.
His sister’s intervention surprised the other boy enough to let Malo go.
“John, John, there, more!” Sherlock’s hands went further to grab John’s ass and pull.
Picking up Matilda in her car seat Sarah followed the two Holmeses, sharing a look with both Molly and John, who seemed as oblivious as she was.
For the first time, John watched the great man failing to finish a sentence because it had to do with death and John.
“Oh, yes. A bit of insomnia. You too?”
“Are you sure?”
“John is really nice, uncle My. Allowed to help him cook and he go to the playground with me.” His daughter beamed at her uncle, breaking the tense atmosphere in the room.
He could feel Sherlock quietly laughing beside him, “That’s not funny Sherlock!” John admonished after Leanna fled to the living room.
“He is. One of the best I'd say.”
John's cock was hard against Sherlock's belly, spreading precome as they moved against each other.
Sherlock, happy and satiated in his arms, it was the best Christmas of his life. He thought about getting up to clean them, but the even breathing of Sherlock soon lulled him into sleep too.
Hope you will like it !
She smiled sadly, looking at her hands. “Still, he's yours and I... sorry, I don't know if...”
Sarah raised an eyebrow. “It’s always an adventure with you lot, isn’t it.”
He should just tell Janine to grant him time with his child, he was the alpha in the relationship. But Sherlock spent a lot of time working, not seeing his wife and daughter for days. And he knew omegas were the primary care takers and Janine had charmed her way into his mother's heart and would use any of Sherlock's attempts against him. In the end, Leanna would suffer, and Leanna couldn't suffer, ever. He wouldn't let that happen.
“Oh!”, he said, obviously having deduced why she was here, but not wanting to spoil it for John. His husband walked back into the living room, while the kettle boiled.
“I do. I love you so much. And I want you to stay here. I want to give us a chance! I finally want to do what feel right and not what I am told to do. We can deal with Janine together, okay? ”
“Sarah…I didn’t tell you everything…Sherlock is not a beta…He is an alpha.” And John explained Sherlock’s situation and why he made those choices. He didn’t hesitate, Sarah had been involved, she had to know.
They smiled at each other, something that happened quite often.
“John…” There was… Wonder in Sherlock’s voice? “You… You orgasmed…”
“I thought it would be fitting. Botulinum toxin. It will be fast, faster than you deserve. Sarah will be free the moment of your last breath, your last heartbeat.” The psychopath was taunting Sherlock! How dare he!
“Yes! You let your alpha instinct try to control me! It’s overbearing! It’s not my second gender that’s the problem, I agree, it’s yours! If I was an omega I wouldn’t accept your order either! Because, I am a competent detective! And I happen to be an alpha, so you should be reassured, biology gave me some advantageous weapons to defend myself! I don’t need you! So yes, YOUR problem, not mine.”
“We need to visit. Buy flowers.”
Sherlock's heart clenched.
“…Damn, it's scary to be the one under the deductive's focus.” she tried to joke, “I…I was waiting for the right time, Christmas is not the good time for this kind of news!”
And there were those references to sex… He had dismissed it first, but now… What exactly Sherlock had meant then?
John woke up feeling rested for the first time in four days. He could feel Sherlock against his back, his slow snoring in his neck. God, it was bliss. He had known their honeymoon period couldn’t last forever. That as both alphas and strong personalities, they were bound to argue and fight. They already had. But never had they hurt each other so long.
“Time for bed, little doctor.” Sherlock got to his feet. This sudden emotion was too much for him, he couldn't bear to be in a room with John anymore, he had to flee, centre himself.
“Brilliant man!” John grinned, feral before taking that mouth once more, owning it.
Some minutes later, Sherlock released John but keep him close. “That was very good”, he hummed.
“Don’t cry Harry, please!”
“I am taking a shower, you should take one next.” And John fled, letting Sarah wake up and collect her thoughts gradually.
“Harry! That’s not a good solution!” Right on cue, Clara entered in the flat with Mrs Hudson.
“YES!!! We found a lot of Santa’s accessories, see, I chose myself the stockings where I will have my gifts! I will work with Santa and be a real elf!”
David, as he called himself right now, made a noise that told Mycroft everything he needed to know.
John smiled again, taking his white coat off. “Well, yes. You're right about that. Let me just get my jacket.”
An hour later, he heard voices from the stairs and soon, he saw Leanna entered the living room carefully carrying a plate full of… biscuits? John couldn’t really see.
The git had gone without him! Well, not really surprising, but still! He would have preferred waking up with Sherlock next to him. Leanna was still dead to the world in the middle of the bed. She had a lot to recuperate. She looked like an angel sleeping, her curly hairs all around her. God, he loved this little girl.
Janine seemed to enjoy her role as the worried wife and omega, as she got attention from so many people now.
John plastered himself completely against Sherlock’s back and began, when he felt the man relaxed under him, a new rhythm while kissing and nibbling at that beautiful neck. His bite mark was still visible and he felt a new surge of possessiveness. To take and own this man.
“Papa, can we stay here?” she asked with a sudden seriousness that made Sherlock's heart ache. He couldn't promise her that. Life was hardly ever that easy, but how could one explain that to a three year old child?
(See the end of the chapter for
“She… she always texts me in the evenings and first thing in the morning. She didn't, yesterday and today and I… I thought maybe she wasn't feeling well. And this morning I went to her flat like every morning. She picks me up and drops me of here before going to the clinic. Today, she didn't open the door.”
……………………………………………………………………………………………..
“John, are you sure?”
“Yes, I am. Tired, hungry, but… Sarah and the babies are doing well. She’s asleep now. Molly is with her.”
“We’ve been trying to get him to sleep for almost an hour. All he needs is Leanna’s magic voice, apparently.” John whispered, his face so soft with the love for his children, Sherlock just had to lean down for a real kiss this time. John, of course, was happy to give it. “Maybe she should try to sing you to sleep someday, too, when you try to keep me awake because of some experiment you can’t stop thinking about,” the doctor suggests.
“I'm fine, Dad. Great even.”
“A date?” And to his horror, he suddenly realised that they never had an actual date. Oh they had had take away, and sometimes dinner at restaurant, but it was always for a case or with Leanna or something else… They had never really wooed each other in the traditional fashion…
“Fine” John cleared his throat. He picked up the shoe and looked at it.
“You think he is sad?” He brushed dark curls from her forehead. “I wasn't sure. Daddy can feel so many things at a time. You are so much better at reading emotion.”
Their table had a candle and two roses in a vase and they were sharing lasagna and caprese pizza. They held hands across the table and even Sherlock couldn't deny that tonight was utterly romantic. John deserved a little romance and they both deserved to finally go on a date after months of relationship.
“Papa?” Leanna's voice was unusually small and she avoided looking at him.
“Let me go! Okay, okay, I am leaving. Nothing to do here anyway.”
Sherlock knew. The pieces came together in his mind palace. He knew who those shoes belonged to. “Carl Powers.”
“Cosima!”
“Yeah!!! I am going to make them a drawing!” The little girl just ran to her paper and colours.
Mycroft nodded. The sound of footsteps, first Mycroft’s, then Molly's. She was carrying Leanna, who looked tired and confused.
They chattered on during the car ride and it was only when the car stopped that Sarah noticed they were in Baker Street, not in front of her flat.
We don't have chapter 6 edited yet. Would you prefer the version without beta on wednesday or would you prefer to wait a little longer?
Happy.
Hidden Compass: https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/f2/f9/61/f2f961c5fe2bc7c217dd27f5b6e4888d.jpg
Well, there was something. Leanna and he went to Molly’s and Sarah’s new flat every day and prepare it for the arrival of the little family. They painted the nursery in a light green to keep it gender neutral and decorated it with all sorts of forest animals. Mycroft’s men helped them carrying and building the furniture and when Leanna didn’t want to help anymore she walked around the rooms and entertained everyone. She never strayed too far away from Sherlock though, never did ever since her return to Baker Street. It hurt Sherlock to see her still afraid to loose him and he hoped he could make it up to her one day.
“Can you leave now, Mycroft?”
John and Leanna finished their shopping for Christmas without any other incident. John had been more vigilant and told the smart little girl to go to the shop’s counter if she lost him and ask for him using the microphone.
“Oh god, love. Yes. Yes. Oh. Baby.”
“Is there news on Moriarty?”
“Can I play with you?” Sarah asked.
“Moriarty knew this was the place I wouldn’t look for her. He knew I had sworn not to come back.”
Finally, Baker Street! He would soon have Sherlock in his arms again!
English is a second language for both of us, so bear with us please.
“Yes love, I really love it too!”
“Doesn't make a difference, whether the bullet was aimed at me or not. It hit me, I survived and it led me to you and Leanna. Your brother promised me to do something about that Moran bastard though. He shouldn't be leader of the pack, not after what he has done.”
“Go where, Papa?”
John finally opened his eyes again, he couldn't resist anymore. Sherlock’s eyes were wide open, he still seemed surprised about John’s positive response to his touch. Sherlock should know it would always be welcome, not something to fear.
“Sarah! Sarah do you have some paper and a pen?”
John came back to Baker Street smiling. His phone call with Harry had helped to calm the anxiety. She had confirmed she would come with Clara on the 24th and John had only then realized how much he wanted her to come. “And I want to know my niece better, won’t miss it for the world, little brother! We will go to Clara’s family for the New Year’s Eve anyway.” Harry hadn’t been surprised when John had told her about the plans of adopting Leanna soon, and he had felt her smile in her tone when she had congratulated him.
Then he kissed John, as if this were the first time they had seen each other today. “Happy Birthday, love,” John whispered.
It stung… he couldn’t stop himself feeling betrayed… again. John fled to his office and he felt too much like a coward retreat to his soldier’s spirit. He was just relieved Sarah had decided to not go back to work after the article. She didn’t want to risk exposing herself to a potentially very stressful and hostile environment.
“Not ‘about.’ Exactly a pint. That was their first mistake. The blood’s definitely Ian Monkford’s but it’s been frozen.” He could hear John take in a deep breath.
It was full of a mix of hope and fear that he finished his walk to Baker Street.
It worked. Sherlock already had her where he wanted her. “Oh, well, that was Ian! That was Ian all over!”
“Mummy and Mama promised to make a special birthday breakfast today,” John mumbled, huffing as Matilda jumped into his arms (well, one arm, as the other was still wrapped around Sherlock).
Once installed before the desk, Dr Mirakian asked, “So, you’re here for the 1st pregnancy appointment”, he looked at Sarah’s electronic medical record, “you’re 30 years old omega and it’s your 1st pregnancy, right? And you are?” He asked looking at John.
Sherlock’s answer… John should have anticipated it, really. He hadn’t been really worried about how the detective will react but… well he couldn’t help a part of him worrying it would change something.
A giggle and John finally looked up at him, eyes dark with tears. “I love you.”
“Are you alright, love? This is getting creepy.”
Faster. John's hand around him, John's name falling from his mouth.
“Sherlock,” he said, voice soft, “I'm sorry I left. We should have talked.”
Sherlock got lost in his thoughts as Leanna and John prepared dinner and ate. He kissed the little one good night and went to bed himself as John read to Leanna until she fell asleep upstairs.
The babies.
Next, they had spent the day at a spa. He had been pleasantly surprised to discover there was a service who offered to watch the children while the parents were being massaged. He had been able to convince Sherlock to go and…It had been bliss! The masseur was very competent and had successfully relaxed his aching shoulder. But most important, Sherlock had loved it. He was positively glowing after the massage.
“Daddy, when I went to the park, I heard two ladies talking about Papa and you.”
“Oh, I will never ask you to beg, not for that anyway” John’s feral smile making it’s comeback.
“Yes, love. Caring for you, wanting to protect you gave me the… incentive to free myself to find you. So you see. Sentiment. Not always on the losing side. Because I am feeling lots of things, but not losing. Definitely not losing. But you will have to make a choice, Sherlock. Do you want this for us?” John finished on a serious tone.
So, you see, it had already been a perfect day. But Mycroft’s surprise was the ice on the cherry on the cake! He felt…ecstatic. He had always feared that if something happened with Sherlock’s family he would have no resource, no legal way to keep Leanna. And now that he knew it was official, a heavy weight he hadn’t been conscious he was bearing was lifted from him. He had so much energy right now!
The detective bit his other hands to keep himself from making any noise and closed his eyes, as if there was too much input for him to process and he had to choose. John took pity and released the lovely hand. He wanted to hear everything, not embarrassed Sherlock. And Leanna shouldn’t be an unconscious witness of their new found intimacy. A bit not good that…
“Yes, love. My baby is growing inside Sarah's belly now.”
With that, she was gone.
“Can I play with my new toys?” Leanna asked.
“Hello my love. Happy Birthday,” he murmured, “How are you feeling?”
“Little one's asleep. Oh, hello Mycroft.”
Wonderful, brilliant madman, John thought, typing his answer.
Molly was sitting on the sofa, at John’s words, she put the coat more tightly around herself. “It’s Sarah’s” She didn’t need to say more, John understood. Without comments, he went on the kitchen to prepare some tea, they were English, tea was answer to everything. And it was a good alibi, being with a sorrowful Molly was hard, John didn’t know how to handle her sadness with his anger.
“JOHN!!!”
our beta reader is working on "Two growing hearts" right now, but this chapter wasn't beta read yet. We still uploaded it to keep our schedule, so you don't have to wait.
John sat down on the bed and Sherlock came to sit in front of him on the floor, head pressed to his lap. Slowly and gently, John began combing through his hair.
John fell in love all over again. He was pretty sure, if he lived in a cartoon, there would be hearts in his eyes right now. That amazing man just proposed to raise a child with him and Sarah. There wasn’t bigger engagement than that. He couldn’t resist anymore and kissed the tall man, making Sherlock bend to him.
Sarah and Molly welcomed them, cooing over the twins. “Happy Birthday.”
“John, don’t be silly, I know we can be in dangerous situations and I can be…imprudent when on a case…”
“Lestrade. I need to know if a car is reported missing.” He gave Lestrade the licence plate number.
When she noticed her Papa in the doorway, she held out her hand.
“What?”
Nope. It was a soap opera. And he had promised Sherlock and himself to stop let his anger be his answer to everything. He knew it didn’t give him good advice. so THINK!
Sherlock took the last sip of his tea, brushing his hand through his daughter's hair.
John looked at him, pressing a kiss to his chin. “I'm sure, love. I'm not doing this because I think this is our last chance. I want that. I need that, tonight. Please, Sherlock.”
“But, aren’t you worried she will speak about it outside the flat? She could out us…” John worried.
“Oh.”
Still, his heart wept for John and he wanted nothing more than have him by his side, as a friend, as a lover.
Sherlock must have seen the worry in John eyes at the sight because he explained:
Sherlock moaned at the first touch of John’s tongue. This sound… It didn’t need more for John to feel like he was on fire! Sherlock was alive against him and it was such a gift! He was paying a terrible price for it, losing Sarah and his children, but now, now he needed his mate.
Janine sat on one of the sofas in the living room, two of her brainless, pretty friends next to her, each woman a flute of champagne in hand. Sherlock had noticed the giggling from the hallway and hadn't been surprised to see them there. What surprised him was the fact that Leanna was nowhere to be seen.
This is it for "Two growing Hearts". Thank you so much for reading and we hope you will like the third and final part coming in November. A big thank you also goes to our beta readers shergos and justbecause, you did an amazing job.
Sherlock, lying in the bed, a little flush from his teasing. John had never felt so excited, he wanted to ravish the man, but restrained himself, today, he wanted to make Sherlock mad with desire. He wanted to make all this skin sing from his attention.
But roughly one week ago, John had the strange impression he had come into an alternate dimension. And he didn’t know if his heart could take it much longer… It had all begun with his laptop being infested by strange sex ads and post. He had been careful about his porn research on the web but he apparently he had looked at websites he shouldn’t have because google seemed to think he was an alpha looking for tips to seduce someone. Ridiculous. But there had been lots of more alarming things…
(See the end of the chapter for
When Lestrade had come over to the flat in the morning, John had been at work and it was Leanna's day with Molly. Usually, Sherlock called John, but this seemed too easy to even bother. Who would have guessed that the vet and part time thief had a weapon on him and that he would drive it through the Belstaff and into Sherlock's upper arm?
John felt himself finally surrendering to the pleasure, Sherlock’s shaft was sliding against his while the big musician’s hand made a warm hole for their cocks to slide against. Sherlock’s rhythm increased, John could feel him undulate and pressed against back while he whispered in his ears.
Sherlock looked at the sleeping child against his chest, combing his fingers through her hair.
He kissed and nipped his way down John's body, the doctor's fingers curled into his hair.
Sherlock interrupted him. “An outside eye, a second opinion...” Sherlock looked at Molly. “And third… It’s very useful to me.” After a moment he added a “Please.”
“Excellent. The two of you should be detectives. What else?”
“Sherlock” John whispered. The worry he saw in the tall man’s eye told him everything he needed to know. “You know, about Sarah.”
Sherlock stood still and John wondered if maybe he had just broken his friend.
“Keep calm, pretty girl. Everything is all right.” The voice was sweet but it cut the air like a knife. She heard a light Irish accent and the scent that filled the air was definitely Alpha. Sarah skittered to the other side of the bed to bring as large a distance as she could between her and the Alpha.
Sarah put her hand on his shoulder, “John, stop being a baby. Go at home. Ask Sherlock. Whatever he says, he won’t be cruel with you. It’s obvious he cares about you.”
Molly arrived first and soon after everyone else. Lenna was a little shy at first, she wasn't used to so many people.
Sherlock played his violin and John was lost. Sherlock had his heart before, but with the enchanting music that he was creating before him, it was his soul, his whole being that Sherlock was conquering. Not it wasn’t a conquest, there was no loss, no war… John would give his soul to this man, a true siren whose music enthralled him. At the moment, John had never more regretted not being a proper poet to be able to recite how beautiful, marvellous, extraordinary the violinist was.
The old man pulled the gag from her mouth and she took a deep breath.
“Don’t worry about me John, go home, I am fine.” Sarah dismissed him when he came to see her.
No. John told him he loved him and John wouldn't lie to him, not his John. A child, forced on John by a jealous wife and a private detective with criminal tendencies wouldn't be able to force their family, their pack, apart.
Sarah opened the door with a tentative smile, “Hello John. Sherlock. Come on, come in.”
The answer came only seconds later.
John went to the living room and … found an apple with “I O U” carved in it. He couldn’t remembered if it was already there the day before. The bastard! The apple exploded under the impact against the wall when John just threw it in a fit of anger. If only it could have been Moriarty instead of this damn apple!
Sherlock blushed and John was grinning like a madman. He kissed him because it wasn’t possible to resist the temptation… He John Watson, alpha and ex-soldier, who had always frowned on PDA, was kissing his boyfriend for all to see.
First he ignored the phone furiously vibrating in his coat pocket, but after the third time he finally decided to answered the call.
John couldn’t help but feel hope, everything would be okay for them, all of them…
“It wasn’t a secret! I was just not telling… just…yet!”
“Sherlock… I saved you because I just couldn’t do anything else…” John quietly said when the tears dried up, “But you’re not… guilty… or responsible… of anything! Sarah… The babies… if someone is responsible, it’s Moriarty… and Moran… and Me. But not you! You’ll have to promise me not to try and kill yourself! I almost died from an heart attack when i saw you up there.”
“Oh, yes love. So close.”
Sherlock couldn’t get up, but reached his hands out for her. He felt a little unsure of himself. She looked so tiny, as if she could break at any moment.
“And I you, John. I promise to double my effort to catch Moriarty. Mycroft will too. We have our families fighting for us, defending us. I am not one for optimism, but I know we will survive this. Maybe not unharmed, but alive.”
“I know. They are incompetents idiots.”
Sarah was called into the doctor's office and John followed her.
~Vany aka Strange_Johnlock
He found a beautiful waterfall with a natural pool. The water was blue lagoon. John felt a big relief, finding this perfect place, like a small paradise. But as he came closer, his heartbeat increased in shock. He wasn’t alone. There was someone…under the waterfall …
His heart felt like a stone in his chest, making every heartbeat painful.
his arms around her.
“You were being selfish and stupid and inconsiderate.”
Bliss. It was tight and warm and Sherlock! It was so hard to not take and own right now as his instinct told him to!
“I will miss you. So much.” John's voice was soft, and Sherlock felt his warmth against his back. There was no stopping the tears now and Sherlock clenched his fist.
And she soon disappeared downstairs.
“Okay… Yes. Of course I forgive you… And…if I promise to try and be as safe as possible. To take you or the police with me when I know it’s dangerous wherever possible… Would it be enough… for you?”
John’s fury was lessening to give place at the horror of what almost happened, “Sherlock, I need you with me…” he whispered against Sherlock’s neck, scenting the man, feeling the blood pulsing in that delicious neck, where it belonged, warm and strong pulse. He had to taste too…
“Sherlock?” The detective was in the kitchen doing unspeakable things to a liver. He had been so happy when the technician from Bart's had allowed him to come home with it, John had not been able to say no. The childlike joy in Sherlock's eyes was too precious... And Leanna was with Harry and Clara for a few days, so really, no reason to spoil Sherlock's fun...
She tried opening her eyes for a third time, struggling but finally succeeding. Calm. She needed to stay calm, assess her situation. No panic attack. Panic could have a bad influence on her babies.
“Harry, it’s really not like that! And don’t think I didn’t notice you still haven’t told me anything! Your turn!” The best defence was a good offence.
Tears threatened to fill her eyes, but she forced them back. No sign of distress. She had to stay strong for her children, for those innocent, small human beings growing inside of her that she loved with all her heart.
There were a lot of scenarios playing through his mind by the time he flopped down on the sofa and he hated that he was that insecure.
“I already gave her warm milk with honey. Nothing too bad so far.” Molly seemed to be at the other end of the room, probably folding clothes.
“Foo, Papa. Foo.”
Two weeks later, he was ready. He was pretty sure the detective was clueless. John was proud of himself, using his sister own engagement to hide his researches. Mycroft, he must admit, had helped, a lot, to organise everything.
Slowly, the detective opened his eyes and look at him, “Fine? Fine can’t begin to express what I am feeling. Earth-shattering, amazing, extraordinary! That’s more like it!”
Silence. Then a soft laughter.
“I know, this is very forward of me, but if you want, you can stay at my place. There's a spare room. And the neighbours are mostly quiet, haven't heard a noise from them yet, to be honest.”
Unfortunately, finding a name for her twin brother took more time. They couldn’t find an M name for boy they all liked.
John tentatively put his hand on Sherlock’s, trying to ease the hard pulling on his hair.
“No need to... of course I worry. She's never late.”
“If only you were a better shot, you could have saved her. This all could have been a happy ending, if it weren’t for you. One thing I can promise you is, I won’t miss. I was a sniper for the army, before.. well, some people might blame it on me being to greedy, wanting too much. Doesn’t matter now. Say your goodbyes.”
That seemed to do the trick, John felt himself blush… It was a little embarrassing… “Hmm, yes, yes, what…”
It was a sweet kiss, demanding but not in a sexual way. John felt like melting into the embrace, answering eagerly to each stroke of lips and tongue. Sherlock was going to become the best kisser John had ever known (John Watson was a lucky bastard). Well, he had a good teacher…
God Sherlock! What did he think of his cowardly retreat? He had to go back to him, he needed him.
“You are yourself again. Good.” Sherlock approached him and soothingly rubbed his back, “I am sorry John, I shouldn’t have let you go to work today. I knew you were already angry from all the media shenanigans… I should have predicted something like this would happen soon…” He whispered to him.
Sarah was another doctor, his co-worker and his boss. She was outgoing, clever, witty and very stubborn (a characteristic John shared and appreciated, most of the time, his sister Harry would agree) and she was becoming a friend despite his reluctance to engage with others. She was a divorced omega, a difficult position to have in this society which promoted lifelong alpha-omega marriage. John respected her for her choices and independent life.
Since his failed attempt at bottoming for Sherlock, they hadn’t had any penetrative sex for 2 weeks. Oh they had made love with their hands and mouth and body. But something was missing. John couldn’t take something he didn’t give anymore. He knew Sherlock didn’t feel it was unfair, but John worried about their dynamic in their relationship. Sherlock reproach about John’s alpha behaviour with him some months before lingered. God, he could believe so much had happened since their stupid fight. But it was important. John needed to work on his perception of himself… Of what made him an alpha or a controlling boyfriend!
“Could you. Could you... oh goddamn it. Finger. I want your finger in me.”
Their train was on time. Sherlock had a hard time getting the suitcase into the trolley with a sleeping child in his arms, but a young woman, student, returning to London after she spent a day with her unappreciative boyfriend, helped him.
The old man felt the girl’s hand on his shoulder, realized she was talking to him, but he didn’t understand her. Everything felt numb, dull, as he slipped away from life.
“I…I created two stones who resonate to each other, like a magnet, if not too far, the little pointer will indicate where is the second stone. I will be wearing it…So we will always be able to…find each other…” Sherlock pulled out of his own pocket a little grey stone and effectively, the compass followed Sherlock in the room.
“This week, an important bill will be introduced to parliament and I know it will pass. Neither my brother nor the press know yet and I think you should use the time left. I know you have thought about asking Sherlock before.”
Leanna is back and we briefly meet Mike Stamford :D
“I did choose what is best for Leanna.”
“Okay…” John couldn’t help feeling relief. Nothing life threatening., “Do you think this vocal cords malformation is due to Sarah’s abduction?
We love getting comments :D
“Harry, what do you mean now?” John sighed
John seemed gobsmacked. He picked up Leanna as she told him about the book she and Molly were currently reading. “Dating? How... no, I don't even want to know how you know. God... that's... wonderful. Both of them deserve to be happy.”
“Oh, a detective! That’s why you said you had deduced me then? You looked me up before?”
“OH!”
Deep breathes. He looked at himself in the mirror, hidden in the bathroom. What was wrong with him? He trusted Sherlock more than anyone in his life. He would kill for this man. He would die for him too. Why had he had a panic attack? It made no sense!
Sherlock could see the anger in the doctor rising, causing his own to bubble up again. He intuitively held his daughter closer. No one would ever treat her like this. Ignore her, shove her aside. Janine didn't deserve to see her again.
Omega distressed pheromones spread in the flat, trying to appeal to his alpha, but John was immune to it. Janine may be an omega but she was a threat to HIS pack, HIS family, HIS little girl and wouldn’t tolerate it one more second!
“Nanna said to be a good Santa's elf, I have to encourage love and friendship!”
“Harry has lost her job.” Sherlock said in a flat tone.
“Sad, Papa. Molly leave on Tuesday. Never come back Mummy said.”
“Papa?”
“Absolutely not, I didn’t know you existed until 10 minutes ago. What did I said… you’re an army doctor, an alpha, used to thinking quickly under stress, and competent I think. The army, easy, you have a photograph of your pack in …Afghanistan I think, you obviously learnt to work on the front lines so you can think quickly under stress. Next, the nurse didn’t question your decision earlier, you assessed the situation without prejudiced and came to the good decision: my daughter needed a doctor. So you see, competent.”
John took Sherlock by the hand and led him to their bedroom. He loved the preliminaries with Sherlock, he was so trusting, so eager. John began to peel him out of his shirt slowly. He wanted to worship him, let his body show his love. Sherlock was blushing, “John, get on with it, you don’t need to seduce me!”
“Do you care?”
“Shh, it’s just the beginning love, tell me, are you okay?”
“Oh, handsome in addition to cute and genius? You sure know how to choose them little brother! It may be complicated as you said but all love stories are!” Harry said grinning.
Slowly, Sherlock started swaying his hips, shallowly, just so that the head moved in and out and in and out and...
“Promise.”
John had suddenly turned down small alley and surprised his pursuer by yanking them against the wall.
“Is he a good doctor, that Dr Harris?”
“Something fishy about it?” John wanted to know.
John nodded and they got into the cab.
“You, …you want to sleep with me? Every night? With me? Is this about sex?”
“I love you,” Sherlock simply said, lost for words for the first time in his life.
“It’s not the time for this! It will only make it all more difficult! How can you not understand that! We have to focus! It’s not the time to wallow on sentiment!” The angry voice surprised John, Sherlock had been everything but angry since the beginning of this. Always so calm and composed. Imperturbable.
The five of them went upstairs, to get the kids dressed. Malo started to cry, silent tears falling from his eyes. He signed at Sherlock, obviously missing his mother’s as children did, especially in the morning. Sherlock had mastered sign language in a week and was using it with Malo a lot and both Leanna and Matilda showed a lot of interest in learning it as well. He kissed Malo’s cheek and signed at him, trying to comfort the little boy. Putting clothes on didn’t seem to be on the agenda for any of the kids and as it was warm outside John and Sherlock decided with one shared look that they would avoid trouble today.
“Sarah, you’re worrying me now!”
Three murders in three weeks. Missing teeth. That sounded like Christmas to his ears.
Stupid. He shouldn't go there. There was Sarah to concentrate on.
“Shh…Love, it was, it was all that to me too, you know.” Smooth, John, so eloquent! But the message get through and he felt Sherlock smile against his neck.
Slowly, he began to move, using his hand to keep Sherlock in place and have control over the rhythm. After few trial thrusts, he found a good angle and his love became more and more vocal under him, moaning loudly. John could feel Sherlock’s fingernails dig into his back but he couldn’t care less, it was sexy even, fuelled his own lust, encouraging him to go faster, deeper.
The old man got up in the early hours of the morning. He made his way to the window, looked down to the dark garden. Something had woken him every morning for the last few days, a sound he couldn’t classify. He knew it didn’t belong in his house. He had set his alarm and today he would find what had kept him awake.
Sherlock was patient and attentive, it was sweet torture, John was moaning shamelessly each time those long and beautiful fingers brushed his prostate, sending wave after wave of heated pleasure throughout his body. While Sherlock’s fingers were occupied, the clever man began to use his mouth.
Sherlock read him with one look and purposefully took his hand. They left standing proudly, Roger still nursing his bloody nose on the floor… well until Sherlock looked back and stuck his tongue out in a last jab.
Slow.
Brother or sister. The words hit Sherlock like a wall. He hadn't thought about this. Leanna would have a sibling. They would be a family of four, plus Sarah and maybe Sarah's future partner. John's baby would be loved by so many, even if its way into the world had been a horrible crime against the omega who carried it.
“Are you sure Mrs Hudson? It’s really important!”
“Leanna, I think Papa needs a big hug from an elf, I heard they are magical!” John tried to cheer Sherlock’s up.
“Sherlock?” Lestrade answered his phone after a while, sounding terribly tired.
Sherlock was waking up, he could feel it, his respiration less deep, less peaceful.
Suddenly, the anger was gone and there was worry in John's voice. “Oh god. Are you just letting me... inside you because you think I need it? Because I don't. Need it, I mean. If you don't like it we can... I just thought...”
He had read the book about the little bee so often, he knew every line by heart.
(See the end of the chapter for
And Sherlock shouldn’t be let alone, he wasn’t a lone wolf anymore, he had a pack, they could all heal together.
They will need to have a conversation with their little girl tomorrow.
“I don’t know if I deserve it but I am thankful still. John, I want to apologise. About the way I reacted when you left with the army. It wasn’t fair. I am so sorry, little brother, I am sorry I didn’t do something earlier to make it all better again, between us. I hope… I hope you can forgive me and…let me be a part of your life again. Not just Christmas cards. I miss you John.”
When he came back from the endorphins high, his brain made sense of what Sherlock was whispering against him, “John, my love, mine, I love you, so much, John…” A sweet litany which made John’s inside transform to jelly. Sherlock wasn’t usually very vocal with his affection, so hearing him make a declaration, it was…exhilarating.
“I don't believe in the concept of heaven, my little lioness.”
“Well, I just saw you coming out of that pub and I don’t know… I just wanted to talk to you but I just couldn’t muster the courage to… And don’t look at me like I am completely lunatic! YOU are the one who’s ignored ME since you found a new flat! Didn’t even see the place!” From contrite, Harry became more and more angry and John began to feel a little guilty.
how are you guys?
“Yes, John.”
John was so happy he tightly hugged Sherlock against him. He didn’t see the shadow of a doubt in Sherlock’s eyes, it was carefully hidden when John looked at him to kiss him.
John felt Sherlock fall asleep against him. A wonderful feeling, to have Sherlock against him without anything to temper the sensation. His hand moved to his neck where he touched Sherlock’s mark. If he had been an omega they would be bonded now… For the first time, John had a little regret about being an alpha, he wouldn’t be able to show off this bit mark, wouldn’t be able to have the easy life the alpha/omega coupling promised… It wasn’t fair.
“Yes. I like music and… dancing.”
“As you wish John, we will speak about it another time”. Ella noted something quickly in her notebook and wished him a good move in his new flat.
“How do you feel Sarah? Any problems with finding the place?” John made conversation.
When finally they opened the door of 221B, John was very eager to finally get his hands on his mate and it was with a carnal smile that he asked while his hands were beginning to divest Sherlock, “So, my love, do I get to unwrapped my most treasured gift?”
Sherlock knew John would make a fuss about his birthday. At the manor, Mummy had always invited all the people he didn't like to celebrate with and Sherlock had hated every single moment of it. Women in high heels and cocktail dresses chatting and cooing over Leanna.
John didn’t waste time speaking, he quickly and efficiently put him down. “Now, Hamish, the army taught me a trick or two. So, what did you say about leaving?”
“Molly told me that Sherlock was unusually sad and closed off, but I didn’t expect it from you John.”
“And from the shape of his ears and his jaw he… he...,” …, Sherlock's face went suddenly pale, “he… is…related to you, a cousin probably. I am sorry, John. I shouldn’t have said it like that, please…don’t be angry, I didn’t realise, I…” And now he was downright panicking! People didn’t like learning this kind of thing about their family member! He should have been more careful, be…
It had been at this moment John began to find one Sherlock Scott especially fascinating.
John was flabbergasted and so touched by Sherlock’s thought and attention. He had obviously put lots of time and thought… and money into make this watch possible. For him.
No bite mark…He couldn’t help but feel relieved. No bond… It wasn’t common; generally an alpha sharing a heat with an omega will end with a bonding mark...
Moriarty left no clues, which was a clue in itself. Clever, aware, criminal intentions. Sherlock found a finger print on the bathroom mirror. He had a name and an imprint of the unique pattern on Moriarty's index finger. Still, arresting him would be difficult, Sherlock knew that much.
“Daddy said I’m the big sister. I learned the alphabet and M is next to L, so it should be an M, it’s logical isn’t it, Papa?” The little girl explained, very sure of her reasoning. She was so cute, how could they say no?
While he listened to Sherlock and Molly’s conversation, John felt like he was progressively drowning. He couldn’t breathe while he imagined all the reasons that could explain Sarah missing her reocurring appointment with Molly… Every new one more dreadful than the last… The young woman might be dead somewhere while he had been making love to Sherlock!
Reaching behind him, Sherlock took John's cock in his hand and slowly, John's mouth still on his, Sherlock sank down on it.
“She's downstairs, with Molly and Mrs. Hudson.” No one else could have heard the worry in Mycroft's voice, but Sherlock knew his older brother well enough. “Are you sure you are ready to see her? Your behaviour scared Mrs. Hudson and she has seen worse in her life. I would appreciate if you could not do that to my niece.”
“Her name is Leanna” Sherlock stated while helping John lay her on the examination couch.
He huffed a frustrated sigh.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Sherlock!” John felt the powerful urge to take his mate right now. The slow wooing he had planned before seemed an impossible task. He wanted him, it had been too long since they had…
John had started working at a local surgery when the twins were three years old. He loved being with his family, but he also missed being a doctor. Both he and Sarah, who had gone back to the A&E, worked three days a week while the little ones were in their play group and Leanna was in school.
“Leanna, let’s go sit on the sofa, we have something to ask you.”
“Sherlock. Oh... please. I'm ready, love... please.” John cupped his face, kissing him deep.
Sherlock tricked the owner of Janus cars into letting him have a look into his wallet. His tanned skin had been suspicious, even more so after he had denied having had one. A liar. That made two liars in one day.
Gods, Sarah, the unborn twins… But letting Sherlock die for them to maybe be rescued…He couldn’t let him!
The conversation at the dinner table revolved about their latest experiment, as Leanna explained it to John and the doctor asked questions.
“Good. You have to prepare yourself, it won’t be easy. You will have lots of mood swings because of the hormones. If you have any pain, or questions don’t hesitate to call me, I registered you as high risk pregnancy, I will stay phone available for you all your pregnancy."
He wanted John's hands on him, he wanted John's lips against his ear, breath hot and fast. Moaning, Sherlock forced himself to stop, taking long, deep breaths to calm down. Slowly, he let his fingers slip free, cleaning them of the lube with his robe as to not spoil the surprise for John.
“Sherlock…It’s just…something I wanted to give you…You don’t…have to accept it…Just…well…”
“John, you’re rambling. Just give it to me, I am sure I will like it.” Sherlock’s smile was already a nice reward for John even if it was at his own expanse.
He looked down at the little face, all scrunched up and wrinkly. Her blue eyes looked up at him, but he knew she couldn’t really see him.
Sherlock held him close. “It's okay, John. We don't need to... It's okay.” John intertwined their fingers, guiding them to lay down, the doctor on top of him. He kissed Sherlock's neck and then carefully bit down.
“Your Mummy has a lot to do, my lioness. That's why I thought the two of us could go away for a while, leave her alone.” He hated lying to her.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock strapped her into her seat. The electric gate to the garage opened automatically and Sherlock took a deep breath before starting the car.
“We think so, yes.”
“Yeah, thank god Leanna came to save me. I love dancing and you told me to try and mingle with others, so I thought why not, but that was torture, John! She wouldn’t stop talking about inane things…Do people really find important which colour is trendy?”
John felt Sherlock suddenly jerked in a cry and he was coming in his hands. It was all John needed to let go himself as the orgasm took him wave after wave.
“Hi.” John's smile was so warm, it could have ended the ice age.
“John, John wake up”
“John. Keep calm. Don’t let your alpha’s instinct take over! Sarah is unharmed. She is under stress but she is strong and there is no evidence of mistreatment, the pregnancy doesn’t seem in danger either. From the light, I can promise you this photo has been taken less than  30 minutes ago.”
John’s throat contracted, he tried swallowing to speak, express how much he was touched, but the only thing getting out of him were more tears that he was frantically trying to dry with his hands.
Big thanks
The room looks exactly like the photo, old and empty except for a pair of shoes that stands on the floor, just in the middle of the room.
“I don't want you to be my omega. I want Alpha Sherlock Holmes with all his flaws. I love you. I want to keep you safe.” John finally tried to explained.
“What....? Have you been in a fight? You reek of another Alpha. It's disgusting.”
Beta by the wonderful Shergos. Thank you :D
The next 4 ficlets are connected
John put his phone into his pocket again and forgot completely about it as the screen started to show the tiny bodies of his children.
“You are so talented, my love. This is going on the mantle, what do you think?”
Sherlock nodded, not knowing what to answer and they just smiled at each other for a long moment. Then Angelo appeared at their table and they ordered dessert.
Thank you to Shergos for the beta read. It helps us a lot <3
Sherlock had to move up and kiss him, as his finger moved deeper, stopping whenever John tensed. Stimulating John's cock seemed like a good distraction from the burn of preparation, but up here, face to face with his lover, Sherlock could read every emotion, every small tension and the kisses seemed to have a calming effect on John. So Sherlock stayed, moving his hips to create delicious friction.
John hung up and Sherlock packed a bag for Leanna. Of course, she wanted to go and welcome her siblings. There was a little bit of fear still lingering. What if one or both the babies didn’t survive? Sherlock wanted to keep that traumatic situation from Leanna. On the other hand, if she were to lose a sibling, it wouldn’t matter whether she was at Baker street or Barts.
“Sherlock, hummm, what you said, oooh stop kissing me just a second, please,” When the man was looking at him again, he continued, “You, hmm, is there something about our sex life you’re…frustrated about? You talked about it when we fought… I don’t think it’s nothing… What did you really mean?”
“You… You made this?”
A joyless laugh escaped the tall man’s mouth, “My god, I am so out of it I am hallucinating John!”
“You all saw, he assaulted me! He is a rogue alpha!” John found some pleasure to see the man crawling on the floor far away from him like a worm. But the man had still venom to spit, “Or maybe it’s that Sherlock of yours that is an abomination, a freak, an error of the nature. Does he like taking it up the arse? Do you beat him under submission?”
Sometimes he heard Leanna giggle or call him Papa and he wished he could just go over and hug her. He knew Janine would know a way to stop him. Sometimes, he sneaked up into his daughter’s room and read to her, or sang her to sleep, when she woke up in the middle of the night. When she was sick or angry, he played her favourite songs on his violin and hoped it would somehow help her.
“Yes?”
Sherlock rolled his eyes, “I know I said I would be listening, but you don’t talk to me, you think! Quite loudly, it’s disturbing! So here I am, telling you. I am the genius here so believe me when I tell you: of course you would be a good dad, you’re already one!”
Caring is not an advantage.
“ Be kind whene'er you can,” should be your creed,
“Hmm?” The detective was obviously enthralled by what he was doing and had not listened to one word of what John had just said... While such behaviour from anyone else would piss him off, from Sherlock he mostly found it endearing... And cute...  But Sherlock would be appalled to be called cute when in his scientist mode! God, he was still as smitten as the first weeks of his relationship with the man! Half a year later and his heart still acted erratically when he thought of his mate...
The little girl was now preparing the tray with a bit of everything for her Papa.
The little girl ran to her. “Baye Baye Johgn!”
“No.”
John and spent some time together deducing and laughing until a redhead passed in front of them. Sherlock face closed and successive deductions about the man’s habit fell from his mouth. He was a serial cheater, but worse, he used to beat his one night stand and not in a fun or consensual way.
“You…What???” John felt like falling into a never-ending hole in the ground.
“Even John does not know” Sherlock corrected, Leanna returned to colouring her book, smiling and holding one of Molly's hands in hers.
2nd Watch : https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/d1/c0/3d/d1c03ddc396cb322892c7914419fc8e5.jpg
They took a cab back home and Sherlock noticed that John was certain the evening was over (except for sex, of course), but Sherlock had more planned. Mrs. Hudson had been his co-conspirator and Sherlock could see the candle light from the pavement. He kept John from looking by kissing him all the way from the cab to the flat door, both of them playful and giggling. John was the one to open the door and Sherlock almost walked into him as the doctor stopped abruptly in the doorway.
In their bed, John soon climaxed in his own hands; the orgasm nearly as strong as then. He missed Sherlock. He had to get up, clean up and search for his run away…boyfriend? Partner? They really should talk about labels…
She turned around and then back to Sherlock. Her look said that she was thinking he was acting stupid.
He could hear Leanna in the background, as Molly shifted her mobile to put it on speaker.
“And you were quite cosy with Molly, hugging her. Maybe it’s her omega scent that’s soothing for you… You haven’t really touched me since Sarah’s abduction. You flee every time I am trying to provide comfort to you… I thought it was misplaced guilt, that you couldn’t stand being touched because Sarah wasn’t secure, but you had no problem taking Molly in your arms, she could touch you, you didn’t escape from her. You let her touch you, comfort you, calm you!” Sherlock in his growing anger was cornering John against the wall, his voice becoming deeper as he advanced.
“We could move to my bed upstairs” Sherlock eagerly proposed.
Soon John was lavishing and properly eating him out. He was surprised by how much he loved it. He had first wanted to do it for Sherlock and bring him pleasure, but John was definitely enjoying it nearly as much as the man under him. The smell and the taste were very arousing and John would happily do it again and again…
“Yes, we will. Is Leanna alright?”
Alpha scent filled the kitchen and crawled into every crack and gap. John's anger smelled like gunpowder, sharp and metallic and Sherlock had to force himself not to turn away.
The animal of royal birth
John was close to tears and Sherlock wanted to hug him but he didn't, not in front of his brother.
I am sorry.
Sometimes later, John felt his brain rebooted, he had no idea how long he had blacked out.
Her hands unconsciously cupped the swell of her belly. Those children were her miracle, they made her life complete. Yes, the heat had been forced on her and she had been devastated after the positive pregnancy test. She feared another bond, being forced into the duties of her second gender. John was a friend, but he also was an Alpha and they tended to be... possessive. John had surprised her. He was supportive, kind and a great father to the daughter he already had with Sherlock. He had been the one to convince their superiors to let her work and with the spray Sherlock had made, her unbonded status was hidden from the patients. Still, she only treated omegas and betas with minor injuries.
It was slow, lazy and wonderful and Sherlock enjoyed the friction, skin against skin, no pants in the way. There usually were pyjamas to get rid of during morning sex. Not that they had morning sex very often. Leanna came to their bed in the middle of the night a lot, needing them close to fall asleep. No Leanna now, just the two of them.
“You have never been part of my mind palace before, John.”
John raised his eyebrows, but before he could say anything, Sarah followed, “Not like that, John. I just mean… If you’re so curious, go ask him!”
Molly picked up the phone.
Leanna pushed her father and jumped in his arms. It was so good! Taking her, hugging her against his heart, smelling her hair, yes, this was home.
“You were married to a very conservative alpha, he was your 1st boyfriend, you bonded and married after your heat when you were still in high school because it was what your family expected. But the bliss of bonded life never happened to you. I imagine your alpha was very strict, abusive too I think, at least emotionally if not physically. He didn’t want you to go to medical school and wished for many children. 3 years, no 4 years after you bonded, you couldn’t become pregnant, your alpha became really nasty then I think, he considered you responsible for the infertility and made you pay for it. You must have met someone or read something about the rights of omegas then,” Sherlock looked around him, “you have a photo of John’s parent in one of their meetings about equality for all, you must have John’s mother’s books about omega’s rights, you decided to fight for yourself, you put money to the side. You divorced your alpha, your bond mark has nearly completely disappeared, you must have paid for the surgical intervention to completely sever a bond mark. This period must have been very hard, your family didn’t support you, they disowned you, there is nothing here suggesting you’re still in touch with them. When you finally gained the divorce, probably with the help of the association for Omega’s rights and proved your alpha was abusive, you started again school and decided to go after your 1st dream and obviously became a successful doctor with important responsibilities. You dated a few betas. John was the first alpha you tried to date but you quickly realised John’s heart was somewhere else. You always thought your ex-bondmate was right about your infertilities and gave up the idea of children. So now, you want to keep the child. You know John won’t try to control your life, you’re not afraid to raise a child as an unbonded omega. You’re strong willed, smart and wise.”
“You and your partner have brought the discussion about alpha/alpha, Omega/omega relationship into the public focus. How has that influenced you?”
“Sherlock? Where are you? Are you okay?” Worry had returned with a vengeance and John ran to the bedroom, hoping to find the detective.
Combing his fingers through John's hair he continued the press of lips against hot skin. “You love my hair, you always feel the need to pull it, like you would to expose an omegas throat to place a bite. You don't. You're always tender. Even if I'm not.”
“John! Get down here!” Sherlock’s commanding voice was such a turn on! John hadn’t known that about himself before.
“Look, Daddy. The baby can have my Teddy and half of my blocks and...”
“YOU happened, git! You sent me a cryptic text message about something important to be said and then nothing more! I thought… I don’t know what I thought…” John fell down into his arm chair, as the tension drained from his body.
Mycroft lived in the flat next to them, but he spent most of his time in London for work, not that Sherlock missed his older brother. The older Holmes was a Beta and heir to the manor and a big part of the family fortune, but it was Sherlock's duty as an Alpha to produce more heirs and continue the Holmes line.
“There's a new plan now. I need you to pay a visit to an old friend. Her name is Sarah Sawyer.”
Sarah and Molly were making dinner in their kitchen, while Matilda slept against her mother’s chest. John was sitting on the sofa, supporting Malo’s back as Leanna held him in her arms and softly sang to him as he looked up to her, not really seeing, but reacting to his sister’s voice. Leanna seemed so grow up and it made Sherlock a little sentimental to see her like this. He leaned down to first kiss her and then John’s cheek.
“John, bed, please!”
“Still can't believe it, even after hearing the heartbeat... its'… I can't really process it yet.”
“You like it?” Sherlock entered the bedroom with a question look.
John took a cab, and while riding, thought he didn’t feel any longing about leaving Sarah, after a heat, omega and alpha nested for days, basking in each other smell and making a new one. The only thought was about going back to Sherlock.
“You’re sure? I just wanted to ask you, and let you sometimes to think about it. It’s important, you have to be sure before we speak about it with Leanna. There is no going back. And if we… if we were to separate, you will still be her other guardian. I intend to ask Mycroft to design adoptive papers for you to sign.”
The shots had startled her and she had grabbed one of the old swords from the wall. But when she finally arrived, nothing could have prepared her to the scene. Her husband, her mate was lying in pool of his own blood. Something snapped.
With that, Sherlock moved up John's body again to kiss him deeply, desperately as he brought himself to straddle John. His John.
“John” God, that deep voice, it was sinful. John finally had his hands on the beautiful dripping body, his fingers travelled on Sherlock’s chest and finally finding their favourite place in that luscious hair. And now, he could think of nothing else than kissing and testing and ravishing.
They followed Leanna through the hallways.
John was still astounded by some of Sherlock’s quirks. He let everything where it was in the kitchen or living room but had socks index…How could he be so organised and knowledgeable fsomethings and utterly ignorant and lazy about others? John must be very much besotted because he let Sherlock organised as he see fit in their bedroom and even felt happy and content about it.
“John?”
“Let's say my silence is my revenge. I am sure I do not have to say more.”
“Yeah, yeah, but you should rescue Clara first. Mom and Dad are going to bury her with questions!”
“You called.”
“Yes. Exactly that.”
“I will, little lioness. Go and have fun, yes?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Leanna's innocent question had made him hope... He needed to know and this was the only way.
“Sherlock! That’s…That’s a wonderful gift! Thank you! God, it’s the best gift I ever had!”
Sherlock took a deep breath. He needed focus and logic, ignore his worry, only then could he be effective. John would hate it, but would understand eventually. At least Leanna wouldn't have to experience him like this.
now they were obviously awake and so was Leanna and they had apparently decided that jumping on their fathers’ bed was a good idea. Refusing to open his eyes yet, Sherlock wrapped his arms tighter around John and buried his face against his mate’s neck.
“There is a simple solution,” Sherlock tried to sound convinced, when he wasn't. “I am the problem in this, no one would care if John dated any other alpha. If I am removed from the equation, John and Leanna are safe. ”
“John!” Sherlock cried. His shoulder wasn’t exactly enjoying all the squeezing, but John couldn’t care less. He had an armful of the lanky detective, he was in paradise. Mrs Hudson, bless her, left them, although not without making some terrible innuendos first.
“My... wife, if you want to call her that, has different priorities than other mothers. A situation that I am not willing to accept anymore.” Sherlock nodded towards his daughter to indicate he didn't want to say more with her listening.
“As I expected”, Sherlock grumbled and John clenched his hands into fist next to him. “Moriarty is clever, that's what Mycroft always forgets.”
Their game was suddenly ended by a nurse coming. “Oh, did you find a name?” She naively asked, a big annoying smile on her lips.
John giggled and it was Sherlock's favourite sound.
“Yes, brilliant idea! My amazing, beautiful, dashing Sherlock!” Endearments and sweet nothings were flowing from his mouth while he tried to quickly divest himself of all his clothes. Why the fuck was he wearing a belt! Took forever to get rid of it!
Sherlock hated that he was right. The puzzles were interesting, entertaining and in different circumstances he would have loved to solve them. “I wondered, why you didn't just leave us alone, why you continued after failing to tear us apart. Your job was done. I know the reason, now. You were bored. You tried to cure your boredom by destroying our pack.”
She was an omega, a mother and still independent. And there was Molly, wonderful, kind Molly who was first suggested as a nanny when the twin-bomb had exploded, who had become a friend and then... Sarah felt herself smile at the thought of last night. Oh, and this morning, just before they had left to drop Molly off at Baker Street. The little Holmes spent two days a week with her so her busy fathers could work and sometimes Sarah came to visit them after work.
“The big one!!!” Leanna took the biggest gift, and tore the wrapping off.
What more was there to say, she was right of course!
Two hours later they left A&E. Somehow, on Christmas, it was even more crowded than usual, and after having to wait for what felt like years, John just decided to leave. His tooth would be fine for now. He could go see his dentist soon and he still had some Nurofen at home, should he need it.
(See the end of the chapter for
It took him embarrassingly long to notice she had gone and he just stood there, brain racing with uncoordinated thought as the pain slowly set into every part of his body. He was frozen in his place, didn’t react to the paramedics attempt to get him out of the room. He didn’t follow John, as his mate left with Sarah to the hospital. Even his fast, amazing brain hadn’t caught up with the fact that Sigur Holmes, the man who had given birth to him, had been shot in the attempt to save a girl he didn’t know and who had turned out to be Sarah Sawyer. Sherlock had seen the relief in John’s face when he had seen the mother of his children alive and for a second he had felt the same, until he had noticed his mother and the blood.
“Oh.” Sherlock must have seen the monster very badly hidden under his towel, “Did you hide your gun or are you happy to see me?”
Sherlock had already been up when he woke this morning. Very rare since their fight two weeks ago. John wasn’t worried, Sherlock had promised to always tell him when he went on cases without him. John was surprised to find a note on the kitchen table.
“Not helpful, John!”
“I'm sorry. I should have called, when your wife fired me. I just thought she should tell you herself.” Molly continued colouring a deer with the red Leanna had chosen for her. “And then I got a call from your mother asking for you, whether I had heard something from you.”
It was going to be a brilliant day!
“Finished eating ice cream now, Papa,” she said, “You play beautiful music.”
But if he was honest with himself, what was really taxing for him was the fear. The fear of losing everything that he was building with Sherlock. And the inconsiderate fool wanted to leave! Leave him alone… Just the thought made him feel like he was in the pit of hell and the fall was terrorising him. His arguments about why Sherlock’s disappearance was definitely not a good idea had seemed to be heard but well… He could never be absolutely sure with the git!
“Sherlock, my love, my heart, can you come with me?”
“Yes!” John cried, he didn’t want to dwell on doubt, everything was perfect so far, so, so perfect! The strong scent of Sherlock helped him to let go, he trusted the man, loved him.
“Well, if he indeed begins to investigate your demise too soon, we are not against using violence. You won’t be there to be his guard dog after all.”
John. She was happy because of John. And what he provided to them, a home, security, time, patient and… love… Love? He promptly recorded this thought in his mind palace to think about later.
“Menerz?”
John chuckled, pressing a kiss to Sherlock head and reaching out for Leanna, who had wrapped herself around the doctor's leg in a similar way her father had done it to John's upper body.'
“Yes, yes! I promise John!” Sherlock petulance made John laughed and kissed him. That they could be so free and joyous in bed was a very pleasant surprise.
“This... this is disgusting. Not only does that bastard have the nerve to judge our, by the way very happy and not at all unnatural, relationship...” John moved away from him to pace the living room, the early morning light just coming in from the windows. “This puts our daughter in danger. We have only just managed to give her a stable home and now that utter cock is... I mean who is he to think he can do that to us. To Leanna.”
“Yes? If you want, Sherlock, only if you want! If you find it’s too soon, I understand, I…”
John was surprised by Sherlock mentioning Leanna’s mother. Since they had lived here, Sherlock hadn’t said anything about her and John didn’t want to pry. When he was ready, he would tell him more. Maybe he would finally know more about his wife and even be able to do something tangible to protect them from her.
“I’m here Sarah. I’m so glad we found you!” He said taking her in his arms, trying to reassure and ground her.
Sherlock hurried downstairs, tearing the front door open. Laura looked bored, she always did. She had been part of his homeless network for a little over two years, one of the few omegas.
“They arrested her right here. She thought yelling at me, mentioning my gun shot, would be a good idea.” Relief. He felt so relieved to have her removed from their lives.
“Nice to meet you! You have a beautiful dress!” Sarah greeted warmly, “And don’t listen to John, he just tries to hide the fact he is a little bit a dork himself!”
There was a moment of silence. “I’m sure.”
The genius had the annoying habit of talking to him when he wasn’t there, carrying on conversations without his input. It was unnerving… and a little endearing too, he had to admit. John liked to think it meant he was important to the detective.
“You gave me the stars! You brilliant man, actually gave me the stars for my birthday! I love you!”
Sherlock bit his lip. How did one explain to his three years old daughter that he wanted to leave the life she knew behind to start a new one without her mother and grandparents?
Sherlock smiled at her. God, she deserved everything in the world. And by that he didn't mean a manor full of people only concerned with themselves.
Hi everyone! Here it is, the last chapter of Three Make a Heart! I hope you will like what we have prepared for you ^^
“Hmm. That feels good, love.”
Sherlock had been magnificent, handling everything. He had a way with words, others were too mesmerised or too stunned to react, and when they finally came back to their mind, it was too late. It seems Leanna had some similar abilities with words. She had learned from Sherlock how to deduce and she had used it to protect her siblings, John didn’t see any wrong with that. Leanna was a very sensitive and empathic child, she would never use her gift and intelligence for evil. God, that sounded like a quote from a superhero movie.
“No I don’t”, he scoffed, “I have lots of burns and scars on my hands. Experiments.”
“Yes, we used our footage of you and made some… lovely adjustments. Sherlock won’t be looking for you because he thinks there is nothing to save. Your death is giving us all the time we need to prepare our escape to our safe place. By the time they  understand, we will be far away.”
“Harry, it’s not about what I think, you know it can be very difficult to be an unusual couple. You told me you had been insulted three days ago when shopping! Can I impose that on Sherlock? And Leanna. There is a child too. We can’t put her through abuse again, it would be irresponsible!”
And Sherlock did, throwing his head back in a silent scream.
Thump. Thump.
“I am an accomplish chemist, John, I can figure out how to cook!”
Deducing John was easier than dealing with his own feelings right now. Sherlock trusted his brain more than he trusted his heart, generally and especially now. The need to hug John was overwhelming.
“Wrong?” There were so many emotions battling on Sherlock’s face, worry and affronted were the most obvious.
The ex soldier grabbed the tall man and pushed him until Sherlock’s back hit the door, “You can’t leave me! You can’t disappear and you certainly CAN’T DIE!!! My god, Sherlock!”
Sherlock’s heart broke. It couldn’t be anything else. Never had he wanted to be wrong so much in his life.
“I told Sarah not to kiss me. I want you to be the only person I kiss anymore.”
“Yes!”
And John ,a good soldier, happily complied. After a while, Sherlock got used to the new stimulation and John began to add some tongue. He wasn’t disappointed by the response it initiated. Sherlock made a very loud moan.
Sherlock bit his lip
“Hello, little pastry chef. Already finished?”
Sarah took the news better than he thought, when John expressed his surprise about her resilience, she laughed, “John, after everything that happened, the only thing I care about really is that the babies are alive and in a relative good health. If our little boy is mute, well I have no worries we will able to adapt.”
“Of course I'm sure. I wouldn't just guess in a moment like this. And I will never forget this horrible wallpaper either.”
Their experiment: http://www.kiwicrate.com/projects/Erupting-Apples-/2675
My exams are finally done and I can focus on this again. Thank you for your comments, they make us very happy.
“I thought...,” Sherlock looked up at John and at the sight, he had to move up and kiss him again, “I thought you could fuck me again later today. I could... ride your cock in the bathtub. I read that doing it on my hands and knees is perfect for brushing the prostate and...”
“People don’t like telling you things, but they love to contradict you. Past tense, did you notice?” I referred to her husband in the past tense. She joined in. Bit premature – they’ve only just found the car.
John was taken out of his thoughts by Leanna suddenly climbing to sit on his lap.
Taking in John's scent, Sherlock went to his mind palace. There were only few things he knew about Moriarty, or Moran, but he spent every free minute shifting those fact around, trying to make sense of them. Moriarty was not his real name, Sherlock had done research on that, but he had worked under the name for almost five years. There was a website, but he hadn't been in his office since Janine's arrest, the police had checked that. Sherlock would need to see the office for clues about Moriarty as a person. The way his desk was arranged would give away behavioural patterns, looking into clients cases would give away how James brain processed information. Lestrade could to get Sherlock in there, or he would need to pick the lock. The latter would probably be easier.
Sherlock was shifting; his strong arms came around John’s chest as if he felt John’s distress, and curled as close as possible. John’s heart was bursting from happiness at the sight. He didn’t care about everything else if he got to fall asleep next to Sherlock for the rest of his life.
Violet was furious before, but now she was thunderous. She would not permit it. It would be a disgrace, she would become the laughing stocks in their small and conservative society. And for what? A little dalliance? Probably just to spite her! Violet looked at her husband…She won’t be able to rely on him, he had always been weak with Sherlock, giving up to all his whims when he was a toddler, always cuddling and mothering him. She had had to step in then. She couldn’t have a pushover as an alpha son. It was unbecoming for their family.
“And I met a nice lady at the shop. She helped me with the socks.”
“No, not yet. We are brainstorming if it wasn’t obvious!” John answered rudely. He knew it wasn’t fair to the nurse, but any intruder to his pack just rubbed him the wrong way after all the commotion with the media.
The end of the day was spent without incident.
John looked directly at him for the first time since he had entered the aquarium and Sherlock couldn't read the emotions on his face, there were too many and contradicting ones in that. But suddenly, there was a smile, only for a few seconds.
“John, I’ve been thinking about it for several days… I think it’s time I talk to you about it. I think…I think it’s time we give you a clear place in Leanna’s life. You’re already her caregiver, and my partner…And we intend to keep it this way…And Janine won’t ever be part of her life again…so I think you should… you should be her second parental figure. It’s important for a child, I read, to have several role models while growing up. And you are obviously already one for her. You feel protective of her, you love her. Why not make it more…official?”
“Me too, Papa. Molly come back!”
Sherlock let the erection slide from his mouth slowly, pressing another kiss to the glans. He moved up John's body, moving his hands on John's cock as he rutted against the doctor's belly and hips. The friction was enough.
“Leanna, can you go sit with your Papa? I have some big news.”
Sherlock was saying goodbye to his brother, and finally they were alone. The night was young, Leanna, their baby girl was asleep in her bed… He still had so many project for the birthday boy! He would make sure Sherlock would be the sole recipient of his overflowing passion and happiness.
“John! We can sleep together? Not just for…sex?”
Sherlock felt John turn and he didn’t need to look at him to know how adorable the doctor looked after having just woken up.
He pulled John closer by the lapels of his jacket and kissed him.  “I am on fire!”
“Oh, I, hmmm, I would have liked to have said it without attacking him, but thank you. I appreciate you telling me that.”
“Yes. It will be easier for me.”
“I have never been known to be kind, Mycroft. Let your assistant make the tea, that is what she is for.”
He texted John. They would need to talk.
“Hmm, John, from what you have told me and the few times I saw Sherlock myself, I don’t think you should discard his behaviour as just an experiment.”
“I’m not an idiot. I know… I know that killing Moriarty I have condemned Sarah… I will have to learn to live with that guilt… But i can’t live without you Sherlock, not if you had died like that… Not ever...”
“Of course, lioness. I could never forget your Ducky.”
The wind was surprisingly cold for spring and Sherlock pulled his coat closer as he stepped onto the roof. The sun was still on its rise, but the city beneath had woken up long ago, had never been fully asleep. Sherlock loved London, had from the first moment he had visited it as a child. He wondered if Leanna would love growing up here, if John would... The thought was too painful. He wouldn't know. He wouldn’t survive this.
John felt very smug when he left Sherlock lying in their bed. He loved to bring him to orgasm, to watch him lose all his control, to feel the trust he had to let him see him like that.
“Sherlock, I wanted to apologise.”
John didn’t think it was possible but a new depth of fear opened inside him. Moriarty. The mysterious detective Janine had hired to find them… The only person who had managed to stay hidden from Sherlock’s impressive talent to know and find everything…
“Not at all! Do you want a cuppa? With some scones maybe? You didn’t eat a lot this evening. Mrs Hudson’s scones are very good. ”
“Will you be an angel, Papa?” She was wearing her favourite blue dress.
Harry was still intuitive, out of his three points, she had picked the one which had had the most impact in his life.
After escorting him to his car, the party resumed. Harry thanked John “I shouldn’t have invited him, but I thought… he told me he would behave… I had a second chance, so I thought… I should give him one too…But some people don’t change I suppose…”
