As he fell deeper into despair, he felt the increasing distance between himself and Castiel. Although his lover was just in the other room, it felt like different realms. Dean’s head swam with worry and confusion, for both himself in his relationship, and for Jack, who had never done anything wrong and deserved better at home, and certainly deserved someone better than Dean as a hero.
“There was no way that light had been green for more than a second! Damn, Cas, the people up here really are Massholes.” Dean said angrily, turning around in his seat to glare at the driver behind them.
Dean slipped his hand out of Cas’s grip and turned back towards the car. He took a few steps forward and opened the rear passenger door. Cas turned to watch him and tilted his head to the side in confusion as he watched Dean pull one of his shoes out of a duffel bag that was packed on the back seat. Dean looked back at Cas with a large smile across his face he held the shoe up and set it on top of the car.
Cas turned his hand over on Dean’s thigh so his palm was facing up; Dean laid his own hand in Cas’s and intertwined their fingers together. The rest of their drive was spent in a comfortable silence with only the gentle crooning of whatever song was playing through the car radio.
Dean’s hand worked the length of his dick, his thumb rubbing over the slit of his head. He pictured his dream figure tentatively taking his cock into their mouth, running their tongue over the head, and licking a stripe from the back all the way up. Their cheeks hollow, sucking and bobbing their head, one of their hands gripping his base to keep him from cumming too early and the other is holding his hips down. Dean picked up the pace, moving his own hand faster, pre-cum weeping from his purpling cock.
He snatched a dirty t-shirt off the floor and used that to wipe himself clean then stumbled out of bed. He didn’t bother with his crutches, opting rather to hobble to the bathroom on his one good leg. He started the water and sat down on the toilet lid as he desperately attempted to sort his thoughts and process what he did.
Castiel was a superhero, and no one knew his alter ego, not even Dean. By day Castiel was your average everyday accountant, a job that Dean thought was so incredibly boring and took the time to remind Castiel of that every time it came up. Meanwhile, Dean was a retired Navy Seal who now worked as a consultant with police forces to develop fitness plans for their officers.
Dean stuck his tongue out at Castiel and the two of them sat in silence, their eyebrows raised at each other, a small grin on their faces as they waited for the other to crack first. Finally laughter erupted from Dean, spilling from his mouth, the kind of laughter that comes from the depths of your stomach, the kind of laughter that leaves your sides aching. The infectious kind of laughter that pulled Castiel in.The kind of laugher that Castiel had been waiting for years to hear again. As soon as the melodic sound filled Castiel’s ears, he felt the pin prick of tears against the backs of his eyes and he fought them back. He reveled in the sound of Dean’s laughter and at how utterly at home he felt knowing that he  was the reason for his laughter.
“Shit,” Dean said, dropping his eyes from Cas’s and shaking his head, “I forget how well you know me, you’re right.”
He drafted his response to Dean while standing in the exact middle of the hallway. Other doctors and nurses and interns bumped into him and gave him the stink eye, but he couldn’t care less. If he wasn’t drop dead exhausted, he would tell Dean that he was free in a little less than an hour and a half and could see him then. He also didn’t want to seem too desperate or anything like that. Castiel had an administrative shift scheduled for the next morning, just a time for him to come in for a couple of meetings and interviews for a future residency position with the hospital, so he could be free to meet Dean tomorrow night. He could either have something to celebrate or something that he needed to drink to forget.
“Yeah man it’s Benny, I have Dean here passed out on my couch if you were lookin for ‘im,” Benny said, his drawl was so painfully obvious in his words that Castiel couldn’t believe it had taken him so long to recognize it.
“I want to be happy with someone, I’m tired of feeling so alone and I don’t know what’s wrong with me.”
“DUDE!” Dean yelled back, lunging across the couch to envelop his baby brother in a bear hug, “That’s incredible!” As he pulled out of the hug, he reached back and smacked Sammy once upside the head.
As soon as Castiel stepped outside, he knew something was off. He could hear the man in the ambulance chatting up the EMT, Garth, and his heart dropped. There was no way that -
“Yeah, well, I didn’t. Still living in the same place… Do you remember how to get there or  do you need directions?” Dean replied, feeling the tension build in the car between the two of them. “I can always call Jo to come get me, she’s coming over later anyways and  I’m sure  she could get off work early-”.
He tried to remind himself that it was nothing personal, that Dean wasn’t avoiding him for the hell of it. He knew that Dean was busy with job applications and that he was going to be moving away from his family soon, and that his family wanted him to see them before that happened. He understood how close Dean was to his family, especially Sammy. But Dean was going to be moving away to god knows where while Cas moved to Boston and he didn’t know what that meant for them. As selfish as it might be, Cas also felt protective of this time left with Dean before they both moved away.
He moved his thumb to the first letter, watching as it trembled. He huffed and finally hit the first letter, his resolve strengthened and he found it easier to finish the message.
“Well, other than the trip to my emergency room, he seems to be doing fine, Gabe.” There was a pregnant pause in the air before Castiel continued, “He’s still living in the same apartment, Gabe, it's almost exactly the same as how I left it 2 years ago.” Castiel took in a deep gulp of air, his voice beginning to shake.
“Cas, look,” -Dean placed both his hands on Cas’s shoulders-”I get that you’re upset, and you’re right, I shouldn’t have left you alone like I did, but you cannot talk to me like that in front of my friends.”
“Sam, “ Dean said in a near-whisper, unable to find the words he needed to reassure his brother. Jess was crazy about him, she loved Sammy more than anything and was more than ready to become an official part of this crazy family. Surely Sam knew that?
“Did Dean say anything when he got there?” Cas asked, not knowing what he expected or wanted Benny to say.
Castiel sat closer to the dash than Dean was, so his eyes were able to linger and take him in without his noticing. The soft, muted winter sunlight shone into the car, creating a sharp contrast to the dark coloring of his hair. The light blue of his scrubs brought out the color in his eyes, emphasizing the subtle, sky blue tendrils of color that shone through the otherwise deep midnight-blue. Castiel drove with his left hand on the wheel and his right arm stretched out towards the middle console of the car. His right hand settled near the gear shifter, empty, as though waiting for Dean to reach out and thread his fingers between his and lightly grip his hand.
After an agonizing minute of silence, Sam knelt beside Castiel and helped him to gather the scattered papers. He handed the files back to Castiel and gave him a hand to stand back up.
Cas fell asleep next to Dean hoping that he meant what he said, that he would follow him anywhere and through anything.
Castiel was pulled out of his thoughts when Dean returned from his tests. Castiel quickly glanced over his results and saw that yes, Dean indeed did have a broken femur in his right thigh and he did have a concussion. The broken leg was minor, just a small crack and nothing that a light cast and a pair of crutches couldn’t fix. Dean’s concussion however, was slightly worse. Again, nothing severe, just extra caution was needed the first couple of days into his recovery.
“Dean,” Cas’s voice was thick with emotion, he cleared his throat before continuing, “I can’t imagine what you must be feeling. I want to help,” -Cas pulled away from Dean, placing his hands on Dean’s shoulders- “I appreciate your concern for Jack, but I think this is above your pay grade.”
“Sure thing hon, and for you?” Becky said, writing the drink down and turning towards Dean with a beaming smile.
“Ok Dean, that was admirable of you and I am glad that someone was there to help that woman and her child. Now, let’s get you checked up and discharged so that you can spend your day with family. Speaking of which, where’s Sam? I expected him to have been busting down the door by now.” Castiel said as he crossed the room and sat down on the wheeling stool next to Dean’s bed.
He dropped the phone onto the table in front of him and fell back onto the couch. Dumbfounded, Cas sat in silence. As he was able to piece together everything Benny told him, his anxiety bubbled into anger. Something was wrong. Dean didn’t trust him enough to have a simple conversation about his past but he trusted Benny enough to tell him that he saw his own mother die? What. The. Fuck.
Castiel set his bottle brush down and checked his watch and saw that it was almost 6pm, almost 6 and a half hours after their fight that morning. Drying his hands on a rag, he opened the refrigerator door and checked to see what he had for dinner. Opting for a simple spaghetti dish with a side salad, Cas started a pot of water for the pasta.
Castiel tiptoed across the bedroom and to the bathroom door because whatever was happening, Castiel needed to see it with his own eyes.
The figure leaned down, kissing and sucking at Dean’s neck, their stubble rubbing and tickling at his throat. As they nuzzled deeper into his neck, a familiar, oaky smell filled the air. Dean’s hands found their way into their short hair, his fingers gripping at the lush, black locks. The figure’s hand snaked back down Dean’s body, catching both of their cocks and pumping them together.
“Dean” Cas breathed out, he worried his lip between his teeth before continuing, “I would like to go visit your mother’s grave for Mother’s day in a couple of weeks.”
So here he sits on Thanksgiving, term paper chugging along and an excellent source of caffeine to fuel him through it. Everything was going swimmingly until Dean heard a commotion outside the coffee shop. A shrill screaming and a deep, male voice yelling at the top of his lungs. Dean stood up and walked over to the window in hopes of an explanation for the noise, and what he saw chilled him despite the unusually pleasant weather outside.
“Dude! Go home! Propose to your girlfriend! Do anything else besides hanging out here!” Dean yelled back at his brother, growing irritated at his near constant presence around the apartment. God, he loved the kid and appreciated the concern but he could take care of himself! He was a capable adult!
Dean stared at Castiel for a moment. He had a witty response queued up about how Castiel just wanted an excuse to get his hands on him, but he refrained; this was not the time for casual flirting. He finally tore his eyes away from the concerned look plastered on Castiel’s face for long enough to unlock the front door of the building. The two made their way inside and stopped at the bottom of the main staircase.
“Ok,” Dean said, this one syllable response of his made everyone raise their eyebrows in surprise. “I hear you, I don’t like that y’all kept a secret and essentially lied to me, but I see why you did it. I don’t like being babied but I can recognize that I probably needed it up until now. But don’t you dare think you can pull this shit with me again. Trust me enough to know what I can and can’t handle, got it?” Dean lowered his eyebrows and glared at all three until he got confirmation from all of them that they capiced.
As soon as the words left his mouth, Castiel wished he could pull them back. His eyes widened in fear that he had come across too strong, that this guy didn’t want anything more than someone to email him a missing lecture.
“Don’t apologize, or be embarrassed,” Cas smirked and tore off a corner of notebook paper. He scribbled his name and number down, “I tend to have that effect on guys, especially those I deem worthy of my time and phone number.”  He winked and held the slip of paper towards Dean.
No one had ever come close to making Castiel feel like he had with Dean. There was no more nervous excitement before dates, no more butterflies or somersaults in his stomach, no spark. Everything seemed dull in comparison, as though the light had gone out and everything was dim.
“Where were you yesterday?” Cas asked, his eyes widening in surprise at the sound of his voice prying into Dean’s private life.
In the handful of breaths that the two stood in the living without saying a  word to each other, Dean was finally able to place the music in his head. Cas pulled out his Sam Smith record, one of his favorites. Dean never listened to this album on his own, blame it on the emotional trauma, but he always thought it was too sad for him to truly enjoy. He’s brave enough to admit that while it pulled on his heart, Smith was talented and had a beautiful voice.
Castiel balanced the files in one hand and managed to slip the phone out of his pocket without dropping anything. He read the message and couldn’t fight a small smile from spreading across his face. Dean was asking him to get coffee or drinks sometime in the near future. While delighted to see Dean again, Castiel was surprised to hear back from him so soon. They just saw each other socially yesterday for the first time in years, he thought it had gone well and he was pleased to find out that Dean also thought that.
I should do something about this, Dean thought to himself. He turned and climbed into the shower, working up a nerve to reach out to the man and ask to see him again. As he worked body wash across his chest, Dean realized that he wasn’t ready to share his maybe-feelings with anyone else until he was sure about them. What if he was wrong or even worse, what if Cas didn’t feel the same way anymore? Knowing how badly this could end, he settled on asking Cas out for another cup of coffee, maybe a sandwich too. But purely to confirm his feelings, this was solely for science and not for the enjoyment of spending time with Cas.
“He’s gonna leave a message and I’d rather listen to it or read the transcript thing my phone’ll give me rather than have him stumble over his words on a live call,” Dean explained, closing his eyes and waiting for voicemail to pick up the call.
“I’m serious, look at me,” Dean repeated, waiting for Sam’s eyes to meet his. “I know I’m not great at the mushy-gushy stuff but here goes. Jessica loves you Sam, she loves you so much. She thinks you hung the moon and lit the stars yourself. She thinks so highly of you, I sometimes can’t believe that she’s real. She is always going to be there to push you and support you and love you, and all she wants in return is for you to do the same thing for her. She loves you and needs you so much. Jess wants to be a part of this family, Sammy, she’s told me before.”
“So? Say something, Dean. Can we please have a conversation about this? Will you let me help you?” Cas pleaded, reaching out to hold Dean’s hands.
Finally, Dean was able to get his key in the lock and they stepped into his apartment. He dropped his keys on the entry table and quickly crutched down the hallway and into the living room. He managed to turn and -whump- down onto the sofa by the time Castiel stepped into the living room.
Castiel sat on the floor surrounded by loose papers and patient files, the breath knocked out of him. He looked up, convinced that he had walked into a wall, only to find a once familiar figure standing in front of him.
“Come on man, I know that you did not call me over here just to watch movies, there’s something going on with you and you’re just dying to talk to me about it,” Charlie said, giving Dean a light smack on the shoulder and tilting her head slightly.
Dean didn’t respond. Cas stood still for a moment, his back to Dean. He clenched his fists and inhaled deeply before turning to face Dean. When he turned, the rage he had been fighting all night died in his chest. Dean’s eyes were downcast, shame and disappointment clouding his usually bright features. A heavy weight settled in Castiel’s stomach. -Shit, he thought. -
He shook his head slightly from side to side in an attempt to force these thoughts to leave him. He couldn’t allow himself to get comfortable around Castiel again. Castiel was just driving him back here out of doctorly niceness, not because he was interested in creating anything with him again. He had made it abundantly clear that he did not have time for Dean and his baggage; that he left because Dean was sinking and wouldn’t accept the life preservers that were being thrown to him. Dean knew that if Castiel hadn’t left when he did, that he would have sunk too. There was no way he could risk hurting Castiel like that again.
Dean used this temporary distraction and slowly started to step towards the man, raising his hands slightly to try to grab the knife from his hands.
“What in the hell do you think you are doing? Coming to my place of work?” he finally asked, his voice gravelly.
“Dean” Cas said, stepping out of Dean’s harsh grasp, “I just mean that this is too much to ask of a teacher, this shouldn’t be part of your job description. I think you need to report this to someone.”
“Sounds like a plan, cowboy. And thank you again,” Lisa replied softly, digging through her purse for something with her number on it. “Here you go, and I’ll be expecting that phone call, Dean.”
“Please talk to me about these thoughts. I want to help you and be there for you. But I can’t do that if you don’t let me in.” Cas sat back against the arm of the couch, eyes still locked on Dean.
“Excuse me, WHAT?” Castiel asked, his eyebrows jumping into his hairline, his mouth falling open in surprise.
No more than a few steps into his walk, Castiel felt the phone buzz in his lab coat pocket. He checked the notification on his Apple Watch to see if this text was important enough to fish his phone out and balance all these files. Huh, Dean was texting him. Castiel furrowed his brow, surprised that Dean was up this early in the morning.
Dean stormed into the apartment, slamming the door shut behind him and stomping into the kitchen. Cas, shocked by the sudden entrance, dropped the stack of flashcards clutched in his hands and watched as half of them slid off his lap, off the couch, and onto the floor next to him.
Castiel knew that today was important, that he needed to think about what he was going to say. They were meeting to catch up but he couldn't just walk in there and “Hi, how have I been? Oh you know, just feeling like a piece of me has been missing until I saw you bleeding in my emergency room a couple weeks ago and now that you’re here I feel whole again.”
“Actually, since you brought her up earlier, I might stop over at Jess’s and see if she wants to go out and get something to eat. You sure you’ll be ok on your own?” Sam said, standing up and gathering his things, “I have some work to do also so I might end up at the Law Library for a little bit too, but only if you’re sure you don’t need me here.”
Dean rose his eyebrows at his brother’s outburst, guess that was a touchy subject that he would get back to later. Or press now.
“Well shit I don’t know why I thought you’d give a shit about my life, it’s not like I’m your partner or anything, but excuse me, I’d hate to get in the way of your precious Krebs Cycle. I’ll just go back in the kitchen, I’m just your dumb Hick homemaker,” Dean spat at Cas.
“Hi Becky, you weren’t interrupting and I’m ready if you are?” Dean said looking over to Castiel for confirmation.
“You… just got back from coffee with Dean?” Gabe asked, realizing that this wasn’t a poorly timed joke from his brother. “As in Dean Winchester? The man you had a breakdown over just last week?”
Without saying a word, Cas stood up, taking Dean’s face between his hands. He wiped the stray tears from Dean’s eyes with his thumbs and stepped between Dean’s knees. Cas pulled Dean in close, cradling his head against his chest and rubbing small circles into his back. He leaned forward to press a light kiss into Dean’s hair and felt the other man’s arms wrap around his waist, holding him in a tight squeeze. They remained like that for several minutes, until Cas finally found his voice.
“Are you shitting me?” Cas asked, his voice gravelly as though he had just finished gargling stones. He raised his head to meet Dean’s gaze and the look in Cas’s eyes was enough to make Dean’s stomach drop and his heart stop. The normally bright, cerulean blue of Castiel’s eyes had darkened to that of an ocean during a storm. Castiel stood and rolled his shoulders back, reaching his full height, and while he was a couple inches shorter than Dean, his presence filled the room at this moment.
How could I let myself get that distracted? Come on Dean, this is just business, just a doctor making sure his patient gets home safe. No more of that chick-flick crap.
Dean laid his head back on Charlie's shoulder and felt her questioning gaze boring a hole into his scalp.
Castiel was working in the emergency room on his trauma rotation when the call came in that there was a man coming in from some street side altercation. The man is in his mid-20’s with a slash wound to his abdomen and side, a broken bone in his leg, and a possible concussion.
Dean lifted his head up towards Cas’s face, his face contorted in disbelief, his eyebrows scrunched and his mouth agape.
trouble in paradise? the cracks are becoming more apparent in our boys' relationship, what happened to these two back in the day?
Dean lay awake in his bed that night reflecting on his day. His thoughts wandered from how close he was to dying or at least being more severely injured, to his actual injuries and the recovery process ahead of him, then finally to Castiel. He listened to the sounds of cars driving on the street beneath him and the gentle rhythm of Jo’s snores from the next room. The weight of anxiety had finally lifted off his chest and he felt like he was able to breathe normally and think clearly again.
“Wow, I am sorry about that, I was not expecting to have a reaction like that,” Castiel said in a fake, upbeat tone.
“How about this, as soon as I’m out of the hospital I’ll give you a call and you can take me out for a drink?” Dean winked.
Dean gripped his phone tightly in his hand, nearly giddy at the prospect of getting coffee in the morning. The satisfaction of putting himself out there and then being rewarded with Castiel saying yes washed over Dean, bathing him in gentle anticipation for the next day.
“Cassie, look at me,” Gabe said, eyes open, leaning forward so that his forearms rested on his knees, “I’m not mad or anything so you don’t need to hide from me, I’m just very confused and I think I deserve some answers here.”
Not Dean but Cain, his archnemesis? In his bathroom? Wait, if Cain was here and Dean wasn’t, where was Dean? Castiel’s mind was spinning as he stood there, silently watching Cain struggle to get his mask off, seemingly unaware that he had an audience.
That sounds good, Dean, I have also heard good things about The Bunker and have been meaning to try it. I will see you at 7 tomorrow night.
Castiel rolled his shoulders back before standing up. He began to pace up and down the locker room, the repetitive movement helped him to think, to settle his nerves.
“Dean,” Cas reached over to touch Dean’s thigh, “don’t worry about it, babe. I should have been paying more attention to the road.”
As their laughs died out and they took deep breaths, smiling dopey smiles at each other across the  table, Becky returned  with their drinks.  She could read a room and quietly placed their drinks on the table.
“I guess,” -Castiel looked up at the ceiling and took a deep breath- “that I’m just feeling guilty about leaving.”
Their small car was upright after a large pickup made contact with the driver’s side door with almost enough force to send them rolling. They were slammed out of the intersection and into a roadside telephone pole. Both sides of the car were crumpled from the impact leaving mother and son trapped inside their car.
The door closed behind Dean, the soft click of the lock cutting through the fog in his head. Dean walked home from the train station on autopilot, he blinked hard, taking in his surroundings, not realizing that he was already home.
“I told you that I would love you until the end of my days, unconditionally. I know that I haven’t been good about keeping my promises to you, especially when I say that I won’t have late nights, or that I would be home on time. But I will be damned if you think that I did not mean what I said 5 years ago when I married you. Dean, you are the best thing that has ever happened to me, Dean you changed me, for the better. I learned how to love from you, you are the most loving person I have ever had the pleasure of knowing and I am not just letting you walk out that door. You know that I can throw some force around if I need to, so if you want to leave, you’re not getting out without a fight from me.” Cas clenched his fists to try to fight back the tears that were threatening to pour out of his eyes.
“Uh, yeah, I think I’m familiar, “ Dean said, laughing softly to ease the tension. “So, you feel better?”
Dean and Cas are moving into their Boston apartment following graduation from KU. Sweet and fluffy with a healthy dose of smut to get you through your day :P
“Ha wow,” Dean said finally, taking an exaggerated inhale, “I did not mean to share all of that with you, I guess everything is still a little fresh from yesterday.” -Dean clapped his hands together once- “Anyways! I love history, always have. I enjoy reading and piecing together what really happened in the past. I want to be able to share with people that just because someone won a war or whatever, that they were the hero of the story. I remember how shocked I was to find out what a dirtbag Chris Columbus was and I want to be there to see the spark ignite in people and prompt that discussion about where we really came from. But dude, it’s super dull compared to you fighting death.”
“Ha yeah, well Sammy’s in Kansas visiting Ma and Pop this week. He and Jessica went out there, heh, basically had to push them out the door, promised them nothing would happen while they were away and look at me now.” Dean chuckled out, gesturing to his blood stained appearance.
The hours ticked by and Dean still hadn’t returned. Dinner had long since grown cold and Cas’s anxiety grew with it. He paced along one of their rugs, nearly wearing a hole in it from his constant turns. No longer worried about Dean’s feelings and instead becoming increasingly concerned with his physical well-being, Cas fumbled with his phone until he found Dean’s number in his favorites list.
“Thank you, Cas, I know that you love me but you know me. You know that I get in my head about this shit and I just can’t seem to get out of it on my own.” Dean said in a small voice.
Dean looked at his mom, so small in the driver’s seat. His mind, clouded with shock, struggled to piece together the scene in front of him: the busted driver’s window, the blood streaming down Mary’s face, and the deployed airbag that forced broken glass and bits of metal into his mom’s abdomen. Dean choked on a sob as he brushed a piece of hair out of his mother’s face, revealing a deep cut in her forehead. Her beautiful blonde hair was quickly matting with thick, dark blood. Mary’s eyes were closed and every breath was laborious.
“Of course I did,” Castiel whispered, leaning down to place a gentle kiss on Dean’s neck, “I just assumed that you had your sights set on something better than me, you’re like the sun” -Cas gently nipped at the skin where Dean’s neck met his collarbone, and relished in the soft moan that escaped Dean’s lips- “and you’re just so beautiful and attractive and nice and smart and hardworking” -each compliment punctuated with another kiss to Dean’s neck and upper chest-  “and it's just a pleasure to be in your presence.” -Cas brought his eyes back up to Dean, catching his eyes to maintain eye contact- “Sometimes I just enjoy existing near you and I hope that someday I’d be the focus of your attention. And now that I am?” Cas said, raising one eyebrow and cocking his head to one side.
“Well, uh, you never asked me to go with you. But I assumed it’s because you didn’t want to be saddled with an out of work education major, so I decided to come to you when I had a job and I was worth something and I could hold my own financially.”
“Oh, ok good,” Castiel said with a heavy sigh, “yeah I was wondering where he had gone, I was getting a little worried about him.”
Dean began to unpack boxes while Cas kept bringing things up from the car. Dean was much more particular about organization than Cas was, perhaps bordering on obsessive-compulsive about where things should be located and kept, but Cas kept that thought to himself. Dean also made a better pot of coffee than Cas did, and if Dean stayed to unpack he would make a cup for him and Cas to share in their new digs.
Sam looked over his shoulder and saw Castiel clinging to the bench like a drowning man to a life raft. Quietly, he turned back and took a seat. He ran a hand through his hair and scratched at the back of his neck.
He comes home and grabs the plate I made him for dinner and retreats into the office to work. And I know he is a busy student, I know that he is up to his hairline in assignments and tests and studying, but I don’t deserve 30 minutes of his day? I don’t deserve help cleaning the kitchen? I don’t deserve to be asked how MY DAY was?” The tears are streaming down Dean’s face unimpeded as he becomes more and more breathless, more frenzied in his recounting.
Cas was left with his thoughts, watching Dean’s bow legs carry him across the shop. He studied Dean as he stood in line and wondered what he was doing here. Sure, it would be nice to have a friend in his classes, someone to study with, and who would understand the stress of the course. But was that why he was here? Cas heard a small whisper in the back of his head, telling him that he knew his motive for being there, and it wasn’t to find someone to study with.
A week had passed since the light that was Dean Winchester entered his life. Cas sat in the coffee shop absentmindedly chewing the nails on his left hand and tapping his right foot. He recognized a change in himself last Thursday, but couldn’t quite name that change. He felt lighter, less restricted, and more confident in himself. The only thing that set last Thursday aside from every other day in his life, was the introduction of Dean.
Thank you so much for reading! Welcome to all the new people that just found this fic, and thank you to everyone reading and keeping up with my updates for taking a risk on a new author writing a multi-chapter fic. I love your comments and hearing that you're liking the story, I hope that I can keep up with your expectations!
He slid his key into the ignition and started the car, holding his breath until the engine turned over. He eased the car out of the parking space and drove himself back to his apartment in silence.
“Dean,” -Cas pulled his hands out of Dean’s and placed them both on Dean’s cheeks, cupping his face, tracing his jaw- “Baby I don’t have words for how proud of you I am, why didn’t you tell me that you were applying there?”
The time was 2:27 am and it was pouring rain. Castiel’s day had kicked his ass, then his archnemesis kicked it some more. After yet another unsuccessful attempt at bringing this man to justice, Castiel just wanted to be home in his warm bed with his husband, Dean, curled up next to him. He knew that another late night away from home without a decent excuse meant that Dean was going to be dead asleep on his side of the bed by the time Castiel got up these stairs to their apartment. All the lies and excuses about where he was spending his time resulted in Castiel being constantly on edge around Dean. On the rare occasion that he did go to bed with Dean, on those nights that he could lay in bed and hear Dean breathing next to him and feel his warmth, Castiel felt guilty and undeserving of such an incredible human being.
“Well,” -  Cas slapped his hands down on his thighs for effect - “I picked up the dirty laundry, folded the clean laundry in the basket, took all the trash and recycling out, cooked and meal prepped next week’s lunches for you, then cleaned all the dishes and the kitchen.” Cas whipped his head around to look at Dean, a small smirk on his face.
“What do you think you’re doing? Do you really expect to find all that shit in a $200,000 house? Also, what - the - hell? She wants a victorian style and he wants modern? They should not be getting a house together!” Meg was yelling at the television in the other room.
The muted chime of Charlie’s phone timer went off in the other room. Dean sat up in the bed and waited for her to come tell him that it was time to go home, to confront Cas. He dressed and retied the laces of his boots. Charlie pulled him down to her height and wrapped him in the tightest hug she could give, and sent him on his way with good luck. Little did she know that the decision Dean made was not the same one she had in mind. Dean decided while laying in her bed, that he would stay silent on the issue. That he would rather stay in an unequal partnership than be alone. His perception of what he deserved left him with only those two options. The depths of his mind told him that no one who stayed with him this long would tolerate being asked to change or consider his emotional needs. Not when his only job was to care for others, to protect them, and to provide for them.
Dean, dressed in a dark green henley and worn jeans, looked radiant in the soft light illuminating from the candles and string lights, his guitar sitting on a stand next to him. A smile crept across Dean’s face and all words escaped Cas’s mind. Every weight from the day, even the dried coffee and ink stains covering his shirt, melted away from his mind in this moment.
Dean looked over at Sam on the screen, then to Jo sitting at his side. He wanted to be upset that his family was tripping over themselves to protect him, that they had kept such a big secret from him, but he knew that their intentions were in the right place. He knew that his family would break down the doors to hell for him and he needed to trust them. Even Dean could not deny that he hadn’t been in the proper headspace to know what Castiel was doing or where he was until this point.
“Yeah I think that you can,” Sam said, venom in every word, “I know that you’ve been hanging out with Dean again and I just wanted to tell you that you better fucking watch yourself. Dean almost didn’t make it through the first heartbreak and I don’t think that he could survive a second one. So, Castiel, I swear to God if you hurt my brother again-”
“Uh, yeah, well, “ - Gabe cleared his throat and Castiel turned around to face him - “I do have one question for you.”
Cas shook his head to clear it and fumbled more with his keys. Once he got inside, Castiel began his usual routine of sneaking up the stairs in the dark, carefully navigating around the squeaky steps and the cat that liked to sleep on the last step. Castiel thought back over all the excuses that he had given Dean to explain his late nights. All the last-minute meetings, emergency audits, budget reviews, family emergencies with brothers that he knew hated Dean and wouldn’t answer a phone call from him. Castiel felt sick thinking about it.
“Where did all this stuff come from?” Dean gestured with his chin at the surplus of candles, string lights, and rose petals filling the apartment.
“Heya Babe! What’s going on?” Charlie’s upbeat, cheery voice rang out. She pushed the hair out of her face revealing a wide smile that was spread across her face, created by the unexpected visit of her best friend.
“Castiel, what the FUCK?” he screamed to an empty car. He pulled back from the steering wheel until he was upright in the seat, his head and back pressed against the seat. He smacked the steering wheel, screaming with each hit.
He sat there at the table and shook these hypothetical thoughts out of his head. He got a head start on his reading assignments for his ‘Intro to Anthropology’ course and he was pretty sure he knew what his final paper was going to be on. In other words, maybe his anxiety actually paid off this one time. He checked his watch and saw that Dean was expected any minute now. He cleared the table and returned all of his books and papers to his book bag, it was too early in their friendship for Dean to see how anxious and neurotic Cas was.
He fought tears the entire drive home. He continued fighting as he climbed the stairs to his apartment, as he looked around the small space that he shared with another resident from the hospital. He fought as he entered his bedroom and drew the curtains.  He couldn’t bear looking around his bedroom and being reminded that this space was undeniably his and his alone. Seeing Dean’s apartment earlier showed him all the things he was missing. There were no records lined up carefully on the bookshelves, no Vonnegut novels piled on the nightstand, no leather jacket tossed over a chair in the corner, none of the things that screamed the presence of one Dean Winchester. Everything in his room felt so clinical.  All of his belongings existed in this apartment to serve a purpose in his life as a medical intern. Nothing remained of his past life with Dean. Except for three things.
He returned to his desk anxious to complete one full task that night. He opened up the word document that he created to outline his end of the semester paper for school. He had already started the final paper but he liked to fully flesh out each section’s outline before he started writing it. He just needed to wrap up the conclusion then he’d be done with his second to last semester of grad school.
As Benny continued talking, Cas felt the floor fall out from under him. Dean told Benny about his mother’s accident? That he had been there to see her die? His heart raced, why hadn’t Dean told him that before?
“Cas, you know why. You changed yours for the same reason, I can’t believe we didn’t put the pieces together sooner.” Dean whispered. And there it was, Cas’s breath hitched and he had to stifle a cry as he pieced together that the two of them chose suits that matched each other’s eyes.
Despite this display of growth and self-confidence, the pinprick of anxiety that had formed in Dean’s chest during the car ride turned into an enormous weight that he wasn’t sure how he’d carry up these stairs with him. The thought of Castiel wrapping his arm around Dean’s waist to half carry him up to his second-floor apartment was enough to turn his legs to jelly and cause his stomach to flip.
“I do know! This was my life, Cas!” -Dean cut off Cas, gesturing with both hands towards his chest- “I know what this kid is going through because I fucking lived it! Who else is going to know how to help him other than me?”
“Ok, fine, we don’t have to talk about that any more, on one condition…” Charlie said, her voice picking up at the end.
“What the hell did you do?” he whispered to himself. He suddenly remembered where he was parked and quickly snapped his head to look up at Dean’s window. A soft prayer wishing that Dean hadn’t been looking out his window during Castiel’s temper tantrum rolled off his tongue.
“This seemed a delicate enough situation that we both thought it would be best to handle it on your own… and then Jo burned her hand when she saw that guy pull a knife and stumbled into a stack of milk crates which blocked me in my office for about as long as it for him to slash you, and here we are” Meg replied curtly.
Dean leaned forwards into Cas’s arms, absently allowing himself to be pulled into a hug, a loving embrace. John wasn’t here, but Castiel was. Dean should be thankful for that, he should be thankful for Cas, but his stomach remained unsettled.
Cas looked across the room, the smile falling from his face as he saw the look on Dean’s face. Dean crossed the room in swift strides, his face red and eyebrows pinched in quiet agitation.
Castiel blinked rapidly, his mouth suddenly dry. This mystery voice knew his name, but he easily could have gotten that from the caller id. His breath hitched as he realized that this stranger pronounced his name correctly. His head was spinning, desperately trying to piece together who could have been on the other side of this call. What man would have Dean gone to?
Dean remained silent, his anxiety growing into anger, burning in his stomach. He clenched his jaw, his brain twisting itself into knots as he tried to figure out how to respond to Cas. Dean squeezed Cas’s hand once more before pulling out of his grasp. He pulled his knees into his chest and wrapped his arms around them, gripping his forearms tightly.
He felt his one good knee wobble and almost buckle under him, he gripped the edge of the counter hard enough that his knuckles were white from the effort.
“I mean what the hell are you doing getting some chick’s number while you’re lying here in the street bleeding?? And who the hell is she to be giving guys her number while her son is over there, probably in shock from having a knife to neck not 10 minutes ago???” Meg responded, raising an eyebrow at him.
“Ugh, you do know me well.” Dean said, dropping his head back before taking a deep breath, and returning his attention to Charlie, “Dude things are weird, I feel lonely and none of my dates in the past 2 years have worked out. I don’t know how I feel about it, I don’t think I’m ever going to feel about someone the way that I felt about Castiel. I’m having trouble connecting with people with when I go out with them and I deserve that, I deserve to feel that connection again.”- Dean paused to catch his breath-
Satisfied with himself, he copied and pasted the text and off it went, a little ~whoosh~ to let him know that it was now sitting in Cas’s phone. Dean gripped the phone in his hands, running his tongue over his back teeth.
“What happened? Can you tell me with HIPAA and stuff?” Gabe pushed, forcing Castiel out of his shell.
Dean’s quiet answered her question. She rubbed his back and left the question hanging in the air for him to think about.
“I understand Cassie. You two had something special, and after having this time apart, I think that you and Dean could rebuild a friendship. But Cas?” Gabe said, pulling Castiel’s attention towards him, “Please be careful, for your sake and Dean’s. Just give him a little time.”
Dean sat in a dimly lit Italian restaurant in Boston’s North End. The crisp smell of freshly baked bread filled the dining space, mingling with the rich aromas of the perfectly seasoned meats and aged red wine that defined the neighborhood surrounding them. He let his eyes wander over the clean, white tablecloth, over the full glasses of wine, to the candle at the center of the table. He thought back to the nights that he and Cas would spend here. The celebrations for the end of semesters and straight A’s, anniversaries, and birthdays that were spent in the North End. He looked to his right, to the small corner booth that housed these memories of toasts and cheers and promises to come back for the next occasion. A smile crept its way across Dean’s face as he reminisced on those nights, and he opened his mouth to comment on how they had given their table away. But the words died in his mouth when he caught sight of brown eyes across the table from him, rather than blue. Right, Dean thought, I’m here with Lisa, not Cas.
“Don’t worry!” Cas said, reaching across the table to place a hand on Dean’s, “I got here early to work on some assignments, you’re not late.”
He was very nearly asleep when his phone buzzed and played the loud, obnoxious chorus of LMFAO’s Sexy and I know it.
“I was wrong Dean, I haven’t been giving you the attention and the credit that you so obviously deserve. Deep down I always recognized my selfishness, I let what should have been a simple conversation fester and escalate into something much larger” Now the tears flowed from Cas. Dean watched the man he loves pour his being into this apology and the familiar pin-prick of tears nipped at the back of Dean’s eyes. He sniffed and swallowed back what he could.
“Castiel, you either take this shit elsewhere or you get the hell back to work, we have patients to see and no one wants to hear you air your personal drama in the hallways,” Anna said, not taking her eyes off Castiel.
He looked out the windshield and saw the large group of people forming outside the scene, they were all screaming, and pointing, and they were yelling at him? Dean finally looked at where they were pointing and saw the small blaze starting near the pickup several yards away. He heard people right outside his mother’s door but he couldn’t be bothered to pay attention to their calls. He was focused solely on Mary, his heart rate accelerating as he became more aware of their situation. The nearing fire, the useless car doors, and his injured mom.
“Hey, Charlie? Can I ask you for a quick favor?” Dean asked, sitting up straight in her bed and turning to face her.
“Dean, wait please” Castiel snapped out of it, grabbing at Dean’s arm as he made his way towards the front door, “please don’t leave, let’s talk about this please, I didn’t handle that correctly and I just want to be a partner with you and I feel like you haven’t let me do that, Dean, please-” Cas stumbled over his words, desperate to get them out before Dean could leave.
Sam’s eyes widened at this last statement, it hadn’t occurred to Dean until just then that Sam  didn’t realize how close he and Jess were, that she’d become like a sister to him.
“Yeah Dean,” -sniffles- “Everything’s great. Absolutely perfect.” He looked up at Dean’s face. “Say, I uh, set up the air mattress in the bedroom, if you erm…”
“Here, let me help you with that, and yes I will ask, Dean, what the hell is going on here? Why are you dressed like this?” Cas replied as he crossed the room to help his husband undo the zipper on the back of his suit.
“Hello, Dean” Cas spoke with false confidence. His mouth went dry and his tongue felt like sandpaper in his mouth.
“OK FINE, HE WAS THE DOCTOR THAT TOOK CARE OF ME AT THE HOSPITAL WHAT MORE DO YOU WANT FROM ME JO?” Dean spilled, his resolve breaking.
“Ahh I dunno Sammy, I can’t put a finger on it,” Dean said curtly, hoping that Sam couldn’t see the lie pouring out of his mouth. That he wasn’t as obvious as he so desperately was. That he knew exactly why this date and all the dates that came before it were nonstarters and he hoped that Sammy hadn’t guessed it.
“And don’t get me wrong, I’m so proud of him and everything that he’s done, and I know that I’m in a better place than I was two years when we broke up and I don’t regret anything that I’ve done in that time, but, I just can’t help but wish that he’d been here. It’s felt like something has been missing in my life and I’ve been working with Pam to try to find a way to fill this hole and I think I’ve found it. I think it's him.”
Cas is unable to stop the tears from welling in his eyes and isn’t quick enough to wipe them from his face when Dean breaks the kiss for air. He didn’t pull back very far, just enough to catch a breath, the two of them still close enough that they’re sharing the same air. Dean opens his eyes to see the tears in Cas’s eyes and the few that began running down his face. He reaches his hands up to cup Cas’s face and brush the tears with his thumbs, his face bearing a look of concern.
Knowing that words would fail him, Cas surged forward, pushing Dean up against the wall and cradling his face between both hands. Without hesitation, Cas closed the remaining gap between them and kissed Dean. Dean tensed up at first before he melted into Cas’s touch and wrapping his arms tightly around Castiel’s neck, gripping his hair in one hand.
“Hi, again, I know I just said that but I am flustered and scared and I do not know where to begin to thank you for what you did. I’m Lisa, by the way, and that’s my son, Ben.” Lisa pointed over to the boy sitting on the curb nearby.
Cas sat in stunned silence, he watched as Dean caught his breath and saw the realization of what he had just shared wash over him. He watched Dean turn his head away from him and wipe the forming tears from his eyes. When Dean turned back to face Cas, his eyes were red-rimmed but dry. Cas took a couple of deep breaths and remained silent, his head tilted to the side as he waited for Dean to continue talking.
“Oof, what a line of questioning,” Dean replied as he inhaled deep, stealing a few moments to collect his thoughts. “Up until recently, Cas was incredibly supportive of my work and what I was doing. He would come home and seemed to be genuinely interested in my day. He would sit and eat dinner with me, then get up to clear the table and wash the dishes before retreating off into the office to do more assignments. He was everything I could have hoped for and more in a partner, he understood my need to take care of people but wasn’t afraid to tell me when I needed to back off and let him take care of himself.” Dean paused and worried the hem of his shirt between his hands, anxiously looking for anything to distract his hands from this conversation. Charlie looked down and quickly brought her head up to scan her nightstand for something to replace Dean’s shirt. She handed him a hairband and he began twisting and untwisting it.
“Cas?” Dean’s voice broke as he looked back at the other man. He had experienced nightmares like this one before, but it had been years and Cas had never seen one before.
“I asked him if we could try being friends again,” Castiel said, not taking his eyes off of Tucker. “I was a blubbering idiot today, Gabe.”
Dean also had his hands working on getting Cas’s pants off of him. The two of them raced to undo the other’s pants, to get that first touch of skin, to wrap their eager fingers around each other. Dean won, sliding the zipper to Cas’s cheap suit pants down. He slid his hand under the elastic on Cas’s boxers, lightly brushing over his dick, eliciting a moan from Cas. He finally got the buckle undone and forced the zipper down, freeing Dean’s dick from the confines of his slacks. He nipped at Dean’s lips, breaking the skin and tasting the metallic blood.
“Uh, Cas? Or the angel part? Sorry, I give everyone nicknames but if we aren’t those kinds of friends then I don’t have to, sorry about that.” Dean shuffled uncomfortably in his seat, anxious that he had overstepped his bounds. He was flustered and Cas could see the soft skin above his shirt color turn pink and spread up across his cheeks as Dean tried to back his way out of the compliment.
“Dean-” Cas said, gripping Dean’s hips a little tighter. “I have to ask you something, why did you change your suit color? It used to be dark grey and red…”
Dean choked on a cry, closing his eyes and dropping his chin down to his chest as he swallowed back tears. He looked back at Cas, the dark haired man gripping the folds of Dean’s jeans around his thighs, heartbreak evident in his stormy eyes.
“Yeah, yeah, whatever about the speech, we both decided that today was the day. I knew today was going to be the last time we fought but I didn’t expect you to be so easy to take down, old man.” Dean laughed off, taking the beer from Cas.
“Heya Gabe, are you busy? If you’re not, could you come over for a bit?” Castiel said, fighting to keep the tension out of his voice. He closed his eyes and gripped the phone tighter in his hands. He was determined not to break down until Gabriel got his ass over there.
“So we met up this morning, at Trident, and,” -Dean swallowed hard and gave a shaky exhale- “And I had a great time with him.”
“Uh huh, ‘range’, says the guy that listens to the same 5 cassette tapes over and over,“ Castiel teased.
“Ah Sammy, I know I know, whatever you plan is going to be perfect.” Dean said, surprised at the tenderness in his voice. “She’s great and I can’t wait to have her as a sister. I’m really glad you found someone Sammy, she’s perfect.”
Castiel walked home, oblivious to the snow that collected in his hair and to the wind nipping at his face. He stepped into his apartment and dropped his keys into the dish by the door. His mind was still replaying the events of that morning, over and over again, until next thing he knew, he was sprawled on the couch and dialing Gabriel’s number.
**The crisp odor of burning rubber filled his nostrils, cool sweat covered the rapidly heating skin along his arms and neck. Dean looked around and saw broken glass covering the back seat around him, the blood on the front dash. His bookbag was thrown across the car, his clothes and toys spread across the floorboard. He looked down and saw blood dripping down his left arm, small pieces of glass stuck to him.
“Fine.” Cas conceded, throwing his hands up in surrender. He brushed past Dean in the living room and began picking up his flashcards from the floor and couch. He dropped onto the couch and replaced the flashcards with the nearest open textbook.
“I am doing great Dean, I am at a party and I’m drinking and it's totally ‘awesome’ that the guy who brought me here just left me as soon as we arrived. So yeah, great,” Cas said, gripping his fingers into Dean’s shoulder.
Dean whipped around to look at Charlie, his eyes were wide and glassy. Her concern was spread across her face, the crinkle between her eyebrows, her lips softly turned down at the corners, her eyes tracking Dean’s as they moved around the room in a desperate attempt to avoid making contact with her.
“I’m not happy like this Dean, I miss you and I miss who we used to be and the things that we used to do together. Now that I’m thinking about it, the city was much safer when we started dating and we first got married. And that has to be because you and I were so preoccupied with each other and making each other happy that there wasn’t time to tear the city apart. So yes, I want to retire and I think you should retire with me.” Cas stated bluntly, arms crossed over his chest as he awaited Dean’s response.
“Yes, of course,” Dean sputtered out with no hesitation. “I love him with everything I have, I can’t imagine not having him.”
Castiel switched arms to stretch and glanced at the stack of patient files sitting on his desk. Several of these were for patients that were no longer his, for people that came into the ER and were promptly transferred to different services.  It would be very efficient for him to deliver these files to the correct department on his walkabout, and technically he wouldn’t be avoiding work, right? The only issue was that he wasn’t sure which files were his and which he needed to deliver without reading the first page of all the charts.
“I met with him this morning because all that I want is to know how he is doing, to know what he’s been up to the past two years and to be in any way shape or form involved in his life moving forward. Gabriel” - Castiel grabbed one of Gabe’s hands- “He’s doing so well right now, he’s back in school, he’s in therapy and is so open about what happened to him, and Gabriel, I am so proud of him and the growth he’s done and I am so heartbroken that I wasn’t there to see it. Gabe” - His voice broke and he dropped his gaze to the floor between them and closed his eyes tightly shut- “I should have been there to help him.”
The two of them stood in silence once more, Cas ran his hands across the expanse of his lover’s back, taking the time to appreciate the man that stood before him and the suit he was wearing. He got to thinking about the meaning of his own suit, how he used to wear all black, and then about 6 years ago he made a change to green after he asked Dean to marry him. His favorite color was green and he wanted to carry a piece of Dean with him during his missions.
Jo returned to the living room and silently sat in the same chair that Castiel had just vacated. She sat there not saying a word until Dean took a seat on the couch. Dean shifted uneasily in his seat, feeling the intensity of her accusing stare.
“Hey Charlie” - Dean raised a hand in a weak wave, his voice strained by the onslaught of sobs that were building in his chest - “I just wanted to stop by and see if you were free for a bit.”
He only had a few minutes of browsing before he heard the click-click of crutches entering the front door. Castiel turned towards the sounds, knowing that he would see Dean, and was still awestruck by the sight before him. Suddenly he was 18 again, speechless at the beauty that was Dean Winchester. There were snowflakes resting in his soft, honey-colored hair, the cold air turned his cheeks red, creating sharp contrast to his freckles. Dean crutched over towards him and Castiel could see that the green of Dean’s scarf brought out the color of his eyes. Castiel’s heart seized, his breath caught in his chest, and an ache settled in his stomach at the love he felt towards this other man. He smiled at Dean, watching as a smile spread across Dean’s face and Castiel could feel the layer of sweat form on the palms of his hands.
“Above my pay grade? What the hell does that mean, Cas?” Dean asked, the question soaked in a quiet rage.
Cas had finally announced at the press conference today that he was done. He was hanging up the boots and with Cain finally off the board, the city didn’t need him anymore.
“Neither of them know that I’m here right now, so maybe please don’t tell them.” Sam said in a small voice. Satisfied with the change of tone, Castiel retreated and sat back down on the bench.
“Mmhmm” Dean answered, nodding his head enthusiastically, “I’ll be honest, I only ever applied in Boston.”
Cas sat back in his seat and mentally kicked himself, what the fuck was he doing? Why was he flirting so hard with this guy? He just met him and the likelihood that this man was as straight as uncooked spaghetti was 100 to none.
“Yes, Dean, I’ve thought about this a lot and I know I don’t usually bottom but you mean the world to me and you made such a big sacrifice for me and I never want anything or anyone else. I just want to feel you, and only you.” Cas said, confidently, as if he had rehearsed this statement 10 times before.
“There is nothing more I want than to help you live your best life Dean, and to make you happy, but it’s really hard to keep giving all of myself and my advice to someone who won’t listen to me,” Cas said, and walked out of the bedroom.
“No problem, Dean,” Cas whispered back, letting his eyes linger in contact with Dean’s until Dean broke it. Dean shifted uncomfortably in his seat and before he knew it, the words were leaving Cas’s mouth.
“Charlie,” - Dean turned to face her and took both of her hands in his - “I love him so much, I would move heaven and earth for him. I’d take on the wrath of hell and whatever lies in the depths of the night as long as I had him by my side. But lately? It feels like he’s taking me for granted, like he’s slipping away from me.
“DUDE!” -Dean reached across the table and smacked Castiel once on the shoulder- “That’s not ‘near’ the top of your class, that is the top of your class! Congratulations!”
She opened the front door to her building and pulled Dean out of the cold. She took in his appearance, it looked like he barely remembered to throw on shoes before braving the cold, snowy night. Charlie wrapped the blanket around his shoulders and rubbed his arms to warm him up. Despite the thick blanket, she could feel the small vibrations of shivers that Dean’s body was creating. She wrapped one arm around Dean and led him up the stairs to her apartment. Neither of them said a word until they were back inside Charlie’s front hallway.
“Ah,” Cas said, pulling out of Dean’s arms and sitting up next to him. “After you left and I got my head out of my ass, I called Hannah and asked her to pick some stuff up for me.” - Cas wrinkled his nose and scratched the back of his neck - “I would have gone myself but I wanted to do something special for you.”
“Oh, I’m sorry that I made you rush, but I am glad that you’re here now,” Castiel said, tapping a pencil on the coffee table sitting in front of him. Gabriel stood for a moment with his eyebrows raised and a questioning look on his face. Without saying a word he breezed out of the living room, accepting that Castiel would spill the tea in his own time.
“Cas,” Sam said, moving to sit next to Cas on his bench and placing a hand on his shoulder, “I’m so sorry, I had no idea. I didn’t realize how hard this was on you too, how hard it must have been to watch someone you loved go through this. I wish I had been more aware, that I had questioned Dean a little bit more whenever he said he was doing fine. If only we could have leaned on each other and maybe helped each other out and helped Dean together.
“Ok, yeah, I totally understand. I could get dizzy on the stairs and the extra effort on my body to try to balance and keep the forward momentum up the stairs is not good for my injured brain right now, I get it, man.” Dean replied in a cool, even voice. He had been working with his therapist, Pam, on accepting help from others and recognizing that he wasn’t less of a man for asking for help, or that he was unworthy of the help that was offered him. Besides, it was totally worth the look of utter shock and admiration that spread across Castiel’s face when he realized what Dean had said and that he wasn’t going to have to fight with the man for his own good
Cas sat on the couch and gulped down half the bottle. He immediately felt a little better, a little more stable. His head began to clear of anger, which was promptly replaced by embarrassment for yelling at Dean in public. He felt heat rise in his cheeks as he continued to sip at his water. As Cas pondered his situation, he maintained that Dean was wrong to leave him on his own when he didn’t know anyone there. But, Dean did care enough to admit that Cas was right, and he cared enough to sit him down with a bottle of water. At least Dean wasn’t that angry, right? A small grin spread across Cas’s face as he finished his bottle of water.
“Cas, the worst part of this was how Jack was tripping over himself apologizing to me, that he was going to try harder in my class. He begged me to not fail him on his assignments, saying that he didn’t know how he would explain a poor grade to his shithead father.” Dean said in a near whisper, “of course the kid didn’t call his dad a shithead, god he was the most polite kid. I just don’t know what to do here, he reminds me so much of Sammy, he’s so smart and has so much potential and he doesn’t have anyone to protect him from his dad. Cas, what do I do?”
“Oh, I was just getting coffee with Cas,” Dean said, his heart clenching as he pieced together what he had just said. The words rolled off his tongue so effortlessly that he didn’t realize Cas’s nickname had slipped out. He nearly dropped the orange juice in his panic.
“Our last few months were, ”- Castiel racked his brain for a fitting description of the end of his and Dean’s relationship, - “complicated to say the least, and that isn’t even the right word for it, I’m not sure there is one.”
After Dean left, Castiel dragged himself back into their bedroom, buried himself under their comforter, and let the wall that barely suppressed his anguish break. His sobs racked his body, leaving his eyes puffy and his abdomen sore. He sobbed until the pillow under him was damp and the tears and snot ran together, until he couldn’t breathe. He released all the feelings of inadequacy that he hid and suppressed; the hopelessness he felt when he begged Dean to let him help. As the tears flowed, he felt the pain he was holding for Dean flow out of him. It broke his heart and removed a piece of him whenever he watched his lover battle his past. Dean’s refusal for help was enough to kill him.
Castiel lost his battle with tears, they flowed freely and quickly down his face. His body racked with sobs, Castiel gripped his brother’s hand between his own. Gabriel leapt from his seat and rearranged Castiel on the couch so that they could sit side by side. He wrapped his free arm around his little brother and rested his cheek on top of his head, letting Castiel’s tears stain his shirt.
Castiel’s touch was gentle but firm. Heat was radiating from his body and Dean’s heart rate slowed, beating at a more regular rate. He took deep breaths, breathing in the smell of Castiel’s shampoo, and the memories of waking up to find Castiel wrapped around his body with the same body heat and woodsy smell came flooding back. Dean turned his head away from Castiel, focusing on the stairs in front of him.
Several minutes ticked by, the two men seeking solace in each other’s arms. Cas finally pulled himself out of Dean’s grasp, he placed a hand on Dean’s cheek, breathing in the comforting scent of his partner’s shampoo and body wash.
“No thanks, I just got back and I have leftovers if I get hungry later.” Dean opened the fridge and peered inside, his eyes cataloging the various bottles of fruit juice smoothies that Charlie and Meg had been pestering him to try.
“Castiel, he and I got coffee?” -He slammed the refrigerator door shut- “Why? Who’d you think I said?” Dean replied carefully, holding his voice steady so as not to betray his anxiety at letting Cas’s nickname slip.
Dean knew that Sam wanted to press him more about his night, about the “not a date” date that he went on. As he crutched into the bathroom and began wrapping the plastic bag around his cast, he thought more about his dinner with Lisa. Again, it wasn’t that she wasn’t nice or funny or easy to be around, and it wasn’t that she wasn’t into him and that she had a bad time. In fact, she tried to get him to commit to another night out as they made their way back to the train station.
How about The Bunker? It’s new and supposed to be pretty low-key and good. I can meet you there around 7?
“Damn man! That’s so cool! Do you know what you might want to practice yet?” Dean asked, pulling Cas’s attention away from his hands, pumping him for more information.
“Well, I got into this… altercation with this guy on the street - wait, hear me out first,” Dean was quick to add, he could see Castiel’s shoulders tense and already knew that what look was plastered across his face. It was one he had seen many times before, Castiel’s eyebrows were raised, the skin above his nose scrunched up, eyes wide, all in disbelief that Dean had put himself in such a situation.
Castiel collapsed face-first on his bed and drew a blanket over himself. He took several long and deep breaths, holding his breath after every inhale, then forcing his exhale through pursed lips. He pulled himself back from the edge, away from a total breakdown. As he laid in bed focusing on his breathing, he knew that he would have to deal with these emotions and process them eventually, but that time did not have to be right now.
Dean and Jo stood silently in the kitchen for several moments. His eyes locked on Jo with a glare of questioning indignance which she returned this gaze with equal stubbornness. After a pause, she gave a huff of exasperation and placed the knife back on the counter before brushing past Dean on her way out of the kitchen. Dean shook his head and forced himself to remember that while he was willing to give Castiel a chance to have a small place in his life again, his family would not be so quick to change their opinion of him; that they would make that man fight his way out of hell before they accepted him back into their good graces.  He looked down towards his feet and smiled softly at the thought of his protective family before turning back out of the kitchen.
“Fuck,” he whispered under his breath as he bent down to pick up the keys. This day just would not give him a break.
“Wow, Dean, this looks exactly the same, you didn’t change much did you? - Castiel asked looking around the room - “I’m not sure what I expected the place to look like but I’m really glad to be back in here.”
Dean’s laugh filled the space between them, creating an air of familiarity and something else that Castiel couldn’t quite name. Their eyes remained locked on each other when the waitress arrived to take their order.
The snow outside was beginning to slow when Dean’s phone vibrated in his pocket. As he fumbled under the blankets to retrieve his phone from his pocket, he knew it was Cas that was calling him. His guess was confirmed when he saw Cas’s name and face spread across his phone screen. He silenced the vibration but let the call continue to ring.
“Shit Cas. How can you love me? Knowing what I am? Cas, all I do is hurt people, hell I hurt YOU! I don’t deserve this kind of treatment from you, I don’t deserve you.” Dean desperately gasped out, tears filling his own eyes.
“On ThanKsGivinG!” Charlie shrieked, reaching across the couch to smack Dean’s arm. “You better have a good reason for not telling me this sooner! I hope to the GODDESS ABOVE that Sam knew immediately!”
The two of them sat in silence, tears gently streamed down their faces. Dean moved to wrap one arm around Cas’s shoulders and Cas pulled his knees up. He curled into Dean, moving to fill his lap.
He absently moved around the apartment, cleaning and straightening up. There were cups in the living room to be picked up and crumbs on the floor to be vacuumed. He completed these chores on autopilot, his mind still replaying the events of earlier that day.
He grabbed the lube from Cas and coated his fingers. He rolled Cas onto his back and moved to reach Cas’s hole, gently pressing in one finger. Cas gasped and Dean froze. Once Cas gave him a nod to go ahead, Dean placed one hand by Cas’s head and leaned down to kiss him, still working his two fingers in and out of Cas with skilled ease. Their bodies were accustomed to working together and Cas was quickly pushing back against Dean, whimpering and begging for more. Dean added a third finger, pumping and scissoring Cas open. After working a fourth finger in, he broke their kiss and removed his hand to coat his own cock in lube. Cas spread his legs more as Dean lined himself up. He ever so slowly pushed in, easing his way past that tight ring of muscle until he finally hit home. Dean paused and took several slow breaths to ready himself for the pure sensation and heat that was Cas. Cas saw stars when Dean bottomed out, the solid pressure of Dean inside of him was the feeling he had hoped for. Nothing between the two of them, just them in this moment.
“Babe,” Cas swallowed hard, “you had a bad nightmare, but I got you now, you’re ok.” He loosened his grip on Dean, resting his hands softly on Dean’s shoulders.
“Well,” Benny started and Cas held his breath, “he did say that y’all got in a fight about his mom but he didn’t get too into detail about the fight itself.”
I could be free to meet at night this week, when did you have in mind? With the semester wrapping up I can do a lot of my work during study halls at work.
He removed the trio, unfolding the shirt and pants. He pressed the shirt to his face, breaking in the smell of Dean that lingered. The scent of leather and wood filled his nose and Castiel whimpered, brought low by the memory. He looked at the shirt, remembering the night Dean gave it to him and how he would make Dean wear it around the house so that it would always smell like it. He tossed it across his left shoulder and held the pants up in front of him and retrieved the box from the pocket. As he turned the box over in his hand, he dropped the pants onto the floor and ran his fingers over the closed lid. Castiel turned and sat on the edge of his bed and cracked the box open.
“I’m not sure,” Castiel replied, exhaling deeply as he took his nephew and bounced him on his knee,  “I didn’t expect to see him today, not that I never expected to see him. I knew deep down that it was only a matter of time before we crossed paths again, but… ahhh” - Castiel sighed hard - “there was something about seeing him that just took the breath out of me.”
He looked to Jo to gauge her reaction and when he saw that she was waiting to speak until he had finished, he continued.
Dean is shocked at how easily the words flow out of his mouth and roll off his tongue, as though the dam holding them back had been cracked for a while and tonight was the final crack. He closed his eyes, tilted his head up towards the ceiling, and took a deep breath. He was able to steady himself, able to prepare himself to open himself up to someone other than Cas. He opened his eyes and sat up in the bed, crossing his legs criss-cross to face Charlie.
Dean took Cas’s hands and wrapped them around the back of his neck then reached down to Cas’s ass to pick him up off the floor. Cas wrapped his legs around Dean’s waist and kissed him deeply again. Dean started carrying Cas back towards their bedroom.
Surely he didn’t still have feelings, he was just caught up in seeing the guy yesterday and overthinking what Charlie accused him of last night. Right, that was it.
The two of them began up the staircase, slowly and cautiously. Castiel let Dean set the pace as they climbed. They were only a couple of steps up when Dean’s head began to throb. His breathing roughened and he groped for the handrail to his side. He felt Castiel stiffen next to him, obviously able to sense the difference in Dean’s behavior. He kept his eyes down, concentrating on the pale green carpet that lined the stairs. As they continued up the stairs, Dean could feel each heartbeat pump through his head. His vision blurred and he paused, he looked up and exhaled sharply in disappointment. They were barely halfway up the staircase.
“Dean, I’m just stuck on the fact that you and I seem to fight every night and neither of us noticed for years. I mean, for god’s sake we started dating after we started fighting each other and we still didn’t notice.”  Cas said quietly as he undid Dean’s zipper, his hands lingering on his husband’s hips. “How can we be so out of touch that we went 8 years without putting the pieces together?”
Dean lifted his head and met Cas’s eyes. He opened his mouth to respond to Cas and found that no words came out. He shook his head, swallowed hard and tried again.
Castiel dragged Sam into the nearby doctor’s locker room. He threw Sam into the room and slammed the door shut behind them. He pointed at an empty bench and walked around the stacks of lockers to ensure that the room was empty. Castiel moved to sit on the bench opposite Sam. He gripped the edge of the bench, his knuckles white from the force. He clenched his jaw and glared at Sam. His mind raced as he struggled to process the situation.
Dean struggles with his past and Cas pleads with Dean to let him in. What ever will happen with our boys back in the day?
Gabriel sat on the bed next to his brother, holding his bouncing son in his lap. Tucker turned towards Castiel and held his chubby arms out towards his uncle. Castiel seemed to wake up from his disconnection and flashed a bright, albeit fake smile at his young nephew.
Castiel’s eyes glistened as he realized that Dean welcomed his help. He grabbed Dean’s arm and shifted Dean next to him so that more of his weight was on himself. He tightened his grip around Dean’s waist and waited for Dean to start them up the stairs again.
“You want me to go to a party with you tonight?” Cas asked, pointing at his own chest.  “Have we met? I don’t really go to parties, mainly because I’m not asked but still.” He shook his head and turned back to the papers sitting in front of him.
Dean hadn’t been expecting that last question. He whipped back around to face Cas and was shocked to see how defeated his lover looked. Cas sat on the corner of the bed, head down and cradled in his hands. Dean leaned back against the dresser and took a deep breath.
“Dean,” - Charlie placed a hand on Dean’s shoulder and shook him gently- “babe, get out of your head. What is going on in there?”
Dean’s thoughts carried him the entire walk home. He was still struggling by the time he was outside his apartment door, his keys in his hand. He slowly raised his hand up and as he slid the key into the lock, Dean’s heart clenched and his mouth went dry as sandpaper. He turned the key and stepped through the door.
“Uh,” -cough- “thank you, Cas, sorry you had to see that.” Dean said, dropping his gaze down to his lap and scratching the back of his neck.
The whole time that Dean and I were together, I thought that we were friends, Sam. I valued the time that we spent together, and I was proud to know you. And I lost you too.”
Desperate for relief, Dean scrambled to retrieve his phone from his pocket, his fingers finding Charlie’s name in his favorites list before he was fully aware of what he was doing.
“Well, welcome welcome, Meg is in the living room watching TV so we can hang out in my room?” Charlie nodded her head towards the room off to their side.
“How could you think that I didn’t want you to come with me?” Cas asked, horrified that he had ever given Dean that impression.
“I can multitask,” he said to himself, dropping both arms to his side. He stared at the pile for a moment longer, “yeah, I was always great at multitasking.” Castiel grabbed the stack and breezed out of his office.
“Uh, thank you, I suppose,” Castiel said, brushing off the bottom of his lab coat, “what are you here to talk about? Can I help you with something?”
Castiel went to take another step into the bathroom when Cain finally got his mask off and turned back towards the doorway.
Seeing Castiel was unexpected, but not unwelcome, Dean thought. After two years of suppressing any and all thoughts about him, to have Castiel back in any way was incredible. As his thoughts drifted through potential futures that featured Castiel, Dean fell asleep in his memory foam mattress with a smile on his face.
Castiel was so caught up in thought that he didn’t notice that his bedroom light was on until he was in the room.
Jack tells me, nearly on the verge of tears -I do not know how this kid got all of this out- that he’s losing sleep and losing weight. He’s barely able to stay awake in his classes because his dad is keeping him up all hours of the night doing chores. And, Cas, he won’t let Jack eat until he’s completed whatever bullshit tasks his dad’s given him.”
“Before you ask, no I’m not surprised that you feel this way. I had my suspicions about what you wanted to talk about today.” Charlie answered, cutting him off before he could even form the thought to ask.
“Well this was supposed to be a date but you don’t seem to be having a good time! You’ve kinda been acting like an ass to everyone and I don’t know what I did wrong!” Dean shouted in response then slumped back against the bathroom door, exasperated.
“Well, I for one, think that teaching history is exactly what you should do. It might sound boring to someone but if it makes you happy and excited and you’re passionate about it, then fuck them!” Cas said, flipping his hand to brush off the haters, “Fuck anyone who makes you feel bad about what you love. And? Let me share a secret with you.” - Cas leaned in over the table- “teachers are fucking hot.”
“Dude, I’m Mia Wallace and you’re gonna be Vince Vega. You know, from Pulp Fiction? I just made you watch that movie last week. Come on man, it’ll be fun!” Dean said, lifting up both his hands to bring the tie and hair straightener up to Cas’s eye level.
“Ooooh, you saw them after your shift??? Who? Who? Who?” Gabe asked and Castiel could practically see him bouncing in his seat.
His alarm went off, the preset tone on his phone blaring from across the room. Castiel lept out of bed, crossing the room to retrieve his alarm in swift strides. He silenced his phone and took a deep breath, closing his eyes as he exhaled. He was meeting Dean for coffee in 2 hours and 29 minutes and nothing could settle the butterflies in his stomach. Even though he knew that he was just meeting with Dean to catch up and that this was not a date, it felt like he was walking on air.
“I got a job,” Dean said with a shaky breath, “I’ve been sending out tons of applications and basically pleading with schools to interview me over the phone. I finished my teaching portfolio from student teaching early and I’ve sent it out with my applications. And Cas? Baby?” -Dean closed his eyes, took a deep breath, and opened them again- “I got a job, in Boston.”
“Damn honeybee, what’s taking you so long? The bottle was right on top.” Dean said with a sarcastic lilt to his voice and a tiny sneer on his face.
Obviously, not having Castiel in his life was not the answer to happiness. Dean stepped into the shower and rinsed his hair, letting the hot water cascade down his body, tracing the lines of his muscles and filling the room with steam. He thought of Castiel, of how after so many years and the heartbreaking memories of their last night together, that he still wanted this man in his life, that he was the missing piece Dean had been looking for. The drive back from the hospital planted this idea in Dean’s mind, but it wasn’t until his “not a date” date tonight with Lisa that he was not going to be happy and totally himself again until he had his best friend back.
Castiel blanched at the mention of Pamela, his mind running with different possibilities and scenarios. Dean had moved on, Pamela was his new girlfriend. She was better than you in every way Castiel, she fixed Dean, she convinced him that he was worth saving, she got him to go back to school. He loves her more than you, he talks about his childhood and the abuse with her, he trusts her more than he ever trusted you.
“Whoa, that’s super intense. Totally badass but a shit ton of work.” Dean said, his eyebrows raised in admiration. He leaned back against the back of the booth. “Is there something that prompted you to consider medicine or ?”
Hi Gang! sorry this was late getting posted! Live's been busy writing my thesis but I'll try to get on a more regular posting schedule moving forward!
His day started after too few hours of sleep and to a stranger knocking into him and spilling a scalding black coffee down his front.  As if the coffee stains weren’t bad enough, the universe gifted Castiel with a leaky pen that exploded in his front pocket.
After several minutes sitting curled into each other, Castiel pulled out of Gabe’s arms. Sitting up and wiping his face dry, he turned to look at his brother, his protector, the one that had always been there for him.
“I do, baby, this.” -Dean gestured broadly to the room around him- “I had something to tell you and something to ask you and I knew that today was going to be a long day for you, so I wanted to do something nice for you.”
“Oh my god, of course, Dean. I didn’t mind it at all, I did feel more inclined to actually pay attention yesterday since I knew we were going to be talking about it. And anyone who is willing to buy me a honey latte as payment is all squared up in my book.” Cas said, picking his drink up to take a sip. An involuntary moan escaped him as the sweet rush of caffeine entered his system.
“Sam, look at me,” Dean’s voice was low and forceful. He and Sam had been through a lot of things together, especially in the last few years. When Dean was at his lowest, Sam was the one that was there to put him back together. And Jess was there for a lot of it too, he knew that Jess thought the word of Sam, that she had come to him and told him as much. That she only wished she ever meant as much to Sam as Dean did, that Sam would love her enough to drop everything and help her the same way that he had helped Dean, That Sam would think of her as family in the same way. Dean had learned a lot of self image and self worth the last two years, and there was no way in hell he was going to sit here and let his brother think any less of himself than what he absolutely deserved.
Dean knew what happened next, he remembered his mother rubbing small circles in the back of his hand with her thumb, singing Hey Jude under her breath. Dean softly sang along with her even after her chest stopped rising and the circles stopped. Dean kept singing until the paramedics arrived and wrapped him in a soft blanket for the ride to the hospital. Dean remembers all of this but this isn’t what keeps him awake, this isn’t the event that he relives.
No, this called for some finesse. He thought back to the day that Dean invited him to that halloween party, when he was going to lay out his feelings in that coffee shop on campus. As he remembered sitting in that booth across from Dean, he admired the fearlessness of his younger self. He scoffed as he realized that college-freshman Castiel was really going to blurt out that he was madly, deeply in love with his best friend and that he could not hold it in any longer. What he wouldn't give for some of that bravery now.
“What did you call me?” Castiel asked, the lead weight sitting in his stomach lifted, his heart clenched.
Dean stood from the couch, pushed the coffee table over to one side, and walked over to the small, Bluetooth speaker sitting on the dining table. He turned up the volume and Sam Smith’s “Lay Me Down” filled the small living room. He walked back over to Cas and extended one hand.
“Sam, I was in medical school at the time, I was getting my ass kicked every single day and I had nothing left to give at the end. I was so stressed, and sleep deprived, I was constantly sick, and I was losing weight. I loved Dean more than anything else in the world, and if I had been able to help him, if he would have let me in, I would have stayed. I would have sacrificed everything that I had to piece him back together. I would have gone through hell and back for your brother.
“What pose should w-” Cas tried to ask but couldn’t because Dean had run over and swept Cas off of his feet and was holding him in his arms, bridal style.
“Well, now we wait, I guess,” he said before tossing the phone back on the bed and standing to get dressed.
“Cas, buddy,” -Dean reached over and took both of Cas’s hands in his- “don’t worry about a costume, I got us covered, just meet me at 7.”
He brought a hand up to lick the length of his palm and fingers before reaching down to stroke the entire length of his hardening member. Dean fell back into the warm comforts of the dream that he woke up from. He remembered the feel of strong hands running down his chest, stopping to pinch his nipple, rolling it between their fingers. He thought about their lips, licking and kissing their way down his chest, stopping to bite and suck on his hips.
“Babe? What’s wrong? Is everything ok?” Dean asked carefully, his eyebrows pinched and his breath shaky.
After a brief pause, Cas realized that he hadn’t responded to Dean’s apology, and a nervous silence grew between them. Cas desperately tried to find a way to break it, but it was as if all of the gears in his mind stopped turning. He felt the palms of his hands moisten, he was certain that he created this silence, it was his turn to say something, his turn to respond and put Dean at ease. His quick reaction to the nickname shocked Dean into thinking he had overstepped, but that wasn’t it at all. Cas had never been given a nickname, well, at least not one that he could see himself wearing, not one that seemed endearing. He was in disbelief. Dean wasn’t put off, he wanted to meet him for lunch and/or coffee next week. He was interested in being study buddies, in being friends. He had given Castiel a new name. Finally, he found his voice.
“It just feels like the noblest calling for myself, man, like fighting diseases. I can’t imagine anything else for myself,” Cas said, gripping the mug tight between his hands.
“Joanna Beth, if you keep your mouth open like that you’re gonna catch flies,” Dean said to her, his deep voice cutting through the tension hanging in the room like a hot knife through butter. “Castiel was the doctor that fixed me up at the hospital and apparently my concussion is severe enough that I’m not supposed to be left alone for a day or two, so he brought me home until you could get here. And now that you’re here, he is relieved of his babysitting duty and can head home. Jo, go ahead and leave the food in the kitchen, please” He held her gaze and gestured lazily towards the kitchen.
“I mean, it was a trip to the emergency room so it went about as well I  guess it could have gone. I went in, got patched up, and came back home.” Dean said, meeting Charlie’s curious gaze and sighing deeply, “ but storytime is not why I called you over, I’ve been dying to watch sci-fi movies but if it isn’t something from the discovery channel, Sam has no interest.”  Dean shifted to face the TV and  picked  up the remote.
“Don’t worry, Mommy, I’ll come to you,” Dean said, unbuckling his seatbelt and climbing over the console to his mother. Carefully avoiding the glass, he settled into the seat next to her.
“Ah haha, yes there is,” Sam said, chuckling, “I am nervous as hell to be around Jess because,” -he took a deep breath and laid a hand on Dean’s shoulder- “I’m going to propose to her soon and I am so totally freaked.”
“Take a breath, Cas,” -Castiel closed his eyes and inhaled deep, slowly releasing the air from his lungs in a long exhale- “you made it through the day.”
“DUDE WHAT?” Dean nearly yelled before bursting out into laughter. Once the realization that he wasn’t going to go running out of the coffee shop sank in, Cas was pulled into the laughter as well. He listened to Dean laugh and decided that it was his new favorite sound. It was comforting and intoxicating and there was nothing Cas wanted to do more in this moment than to make him laugh more.
As he made his way down the hall and back onto the overstuffed couch, Dean’s thoughts drifted back to Castiel and their morning. He closed his eyes and rested his head on the back of the couch. The pleasant feeling of sharing a cup of coffee with someone in the morning and the ease at which they fell back into their playful banter sat warmly in Dean’s chest. The desire for a partner and to experience mornings like that again washed over Dean until he felt like he was going to drown in his loneliness.
“HEY!!” Dean said sharply, trying to get the man’s attention on him, instead of on this woman and child.
Dean shook his head and crutched his way into his kitchen, thoughts swirling around in his head. He knew that he would drive himself crazy if he sat around dwelling in this all night. Rather than wallow, he decided to try distracting himself with chores. He leaned the crutches up against the wall and leaned down to grab some food from the fridge. His plan was to make a chicken pot pie and meal prep for the week. Some good, hearty comfort food would be perfect.
“Why do you not think that teaching is impressive? Or important?” Cas asked, his voice barely above a whisper.
Dean gulped and nodded with Mary, tears spilling over as they sat in the car. She slipped her hand into Dean’s small hand, clutching his fingers tightly. This contact grounded Dean, pulled him out of his head and his fears. He could hear sirens off in the distance, maybe they would be ok. Someone was coming to save them, to save Mary. They -were- going to be ok. They had to be, Mary had to be ok.
Dean turned away from Cas and walked over to his dresser, he rooted through the top drawer until he found a pair of well-worn flannel sleep pants. He closed the drawer and turned back towards Cas.
“Hey man, you good?” Dean asked, one eyebrow raised and two cups of coffee in his hands. “You look like someone pissed in your cheerios.”
As the movie faded into black, Charlie leaned forward to grab the remote and turned the TV off. She tossed the remote back on the coffee table and readjusted on the couch so that she was facing Dean. Charlie sat in silence and watched as Dean tried desperately to avoid making eye contact with her. They sat there until finally the pressure to break the silence grew and Dean couldn’t avoid looking over at Charlie anymore.
“WHAT” -SMACK- “THE” -SMACK- “HELL” -SMACK- “were you thinking?” His screams died out, he sat in the seat breathing heavy.
“My class is known to be difficult, but I do have students that do exceptionally well, meaning that if you work hard enough, it will pay off for you. So take the next 5 to 10 minutes to get to know the people sitting next to you, talk to them, learn from them, don’t discredit them when it comes time to study and review the material. You will learn better working with others, I can almost guarantee it.” Crowley stopped in the middle of the floor and turned to face the class, “I mean it, take 10 minutes then I’ll go over the syllabus.”
Castiel snapped his head up, -shoot- he had completely missed what Dean had been trying to say to him. Wait, had he heard that right? Did Dean just call him Dr. Novak? And Castiel? Castiel’s heart sank a little bit lower, Dean hadn’t used his full name since they first met as college freshmen.
“Oh, ok good,” Dean visibly relaxed, the pinch of his eyebrows released and his shoulders dropped from around his ears. “Do you want another drink? I’ll buy you something?” Dean gestured over his shoulder at the bar.
“Sure Jo, why the hell not” - Dean took the phone from Jo -” Heya Sammy, so don’t worry or anything, but I kinda, sorta went to the ER today for stitches, a broken bone, and a concussion…” Dean trailed off at the end, looking down at his lap.
“Who??” Sam asked from the other room, Dean could see out of the corner of his eye that Sam had picked his head up from his phone, eyes wide and eyebrows raised in a look of concern.
“Ok good,” Jo replied quickly, jumping up from her seat and crowding Dean on the couch. She whipped out her phone and faster than Dean’s injured brain could comprehend, was FaceTiming Sam.
“Cas? Honeybee? Can you say something?” Dean asked, uncertainty crept into his voice for the first time that evening.” He squeezed Cas’s hands gently, “Cas?”
Cas drew his lips into a small scowl and crawled over Dean, settling into the bed next to him. He sat silently for a moment before wrapping an arm around Dean’s shoulders.
“We’re on this shit STILL?” Cas cried out in disbelief, he looked up from his textbook and ripped his glasses off his face, “Dean, I told you a week ago what I thought you should do, you need to call CPS and let them handle this! This is not on you, nor should it be, please if there is something else that I can do for you just let me know, but in the meantime please don’t bother me with this again.”
Dean opened his mouth to respond, his eyebrows raised so much they nearly disappeared into his hair and his heart rate increased, but Cas lifted a hand to stop him.
Castiel turned in his seat again, his right arm draped across the back of the passenger seat so he could look out the back window as he backed out of his parking spot at the hospital. He paused for a second before switching gears back to drive and studied Dean’s face for a moment. It had only been a little over two years since the last time he saw Dean, but he looked… older, fuller, more sure of himself. Much more than he had been at 24 when their lives split.
“Then ask me about my day! Force me to talk like you always do! Help me with this Jack issue!” Dean said, exasperated as he fell into the armchair across from Cas.
“Come on man, I drink other things, I got range,” Dean said, a smile plastered across his face as he leaned back in his seat.
Dean took a long drag from his drink, leaving Castiel’s question to simmer and draw out the tension between them until Castiel felt like he was about to snap. As Dean drank, Castiel’s fingers wrapped around his mug and he gripped it tight until his knuckles were white, he was going to let Dean take his time to answer, he was determined not to rush him.
“Um, you want to expand on that statement at all? Mind filling me in on just a” - Gabe set his mug down on the table, closed his eyes, and gripped his fingers tightly together into two fists- “few key details?”
Castiel’s stomach dropped, his mind immediately flew to the obvious. He had left Dean alone for so many nights in their marriage that he shouldn’t be surprised at all by Dean’s cheating. Really it was only a matter of time.
Sam was sprawled out on the couch, his entire 6 and a half foot frame barely fitting on the three-seater piece of furniture. With his nose deep in a book, something about vampires or ghouls or something, he didn’t even look up as Dean entered the room.
“I hope you know that I never wanted to hurt your brother, that walking out that night meant that I lost the most important thing in my life. I was lost.” -Cas took a step closer to Sam and reached out halfheartedly before deciding against it- “and now that he’s back in my life?” -He looked up at the ceiling and took a deep, open mouthed breath- “There is nothing worth risking losing Dean Winchester again.” -He dropped his head, making eye contact with Sam again- “Even if that means I can’t be with him the way I want to be. Having your brother back in my life, in any capacity, is better than a life without him.”
Cas sat back in the booth in a stunned silence, his mouth agape. That whole interaction went by in a blur. He had meant to tell Dean how he felt. He practiced it this  morning in the mirror.
Hello, Dean. - Cas sniffled and cleared his throat- I uhh, really messed up tonight. I wish I hadn’t needed a whole fight and event to get that message but I did. You were right to call me out, but I think that we both crossed lines tonight. I don’t think that you should have left tonight the way that you did. I wish that you had stayed and finished the fight with me. Because Dean - Cas’s voice broke and he swallowed back tears - watching you leave took the fight out of me, I realized that there was nothing worse than that. I can’t bring myself to watch you leave me again, so, please come back tonight. I know that you need your time, I understand. I don’t want to rush you but please come home tonight. I just want you under this roof when we both fall asleep. Please text me when you’re on your way back, the weather is awful and I worry. I’ll wait up for you. - Cas took a long pause, he inhaled deep - I love you, Dean.
Butterflies fluttered in his stomach now and his mind  quickly bounced from thought to thought, not settling on one idea for very long. What would he wear? What were they going to talk about? They were meeting to catch up but he hadn’t thought about how much of his  past two years he wanted to share with Castiel.
He stood in the bathroom in silence, only the sound of running water to occupy the space. Dean stared at his reflection in the mirror, he took in his bloodshot eyes, the grimace on his face, and the worry lines traversing his forehead.
“Honeybee of course I don’t want to leave, I just don’t know how we can do this. I mean, we nearly kill each other every night and when we’re not fighting each other, we’re still not home, we’re still not together. When’s the last time we had dinner together? Or went out?” Dean threw his arms up and let them hit his sides when they came back down before he started pacing around the bathroom.
“I’ll get there, I’ll get there. I’m just trying to plan something special  for her, she deserves it and as much as she says that she doesn’t want to make a big deal out of getting married, I know that she wants something significant for this.” Sam said in a small voice, the color rising in his cheeks.
“Well,” -Dean closed his eyes and took a deep breath before continuing- “I can talk about it since I was the victim in the case.” -another deep breath- “And I cannot believe it feels this easy to say this, but remember how I said that my dad was not a good role model? Well…”
“Uh yeah man you sounded not great on the phone so I rushed over here,” Gabriel yelled back as he rounded the corner into the living room, chucking his coat over the back of the nearest chair.
“Castiel,” Dean said, even toned, as he stood up from the bed, “if I report this to someone, there is going to be an investigation that involves Nick. And if that happens, then Nick is going to know that Jack told someone and only God knows what’s going to happen to him then. Oh wait, not just God, I know what would happen to Jack if that were to happen, Cas.”
Castiel walked over to his dresser and opened the bottom drawer. In the very back, hidden behind wool socks and hats stored away for winter, was one t-shirt, one pair of sweatpants, and one small, black box stuffed in the pocket of the sweatpants.
“Well, it took him a while to say much of anything, all he wanted to do for the first hour or so was drink, beer then whiskey,” -Cas listened to Benny and the pit in his stomach grew with every word- “finally after about an hour, he started talking about his mom’s accident and how he was right there with her when she died. No kid should ever have to go through something like that, ya know? His piece o’ shit dad blamed him for Mary being in the car that night and of course, Dean being Dean, he blames himself too. -”
“Alright cool man, I can get behind someone who feels strongly about wildlife, so what, are you in school to go into environmental stuff or something? What’s the play here?” Dean asked.
Exasperated, Dean retreated to his bedroom to lesson-plan for the upcoming semester. He had been a teacher for long enough that all of his lessons were basically written, he just needed to sit down with a calendar and fill in dates. The act of organizing and the anticipation of educating today’s youth always settled Dean down and filled him with a sense of purpose. As he settled into his chair and opened up his excel sheet, he felt the tension release from his shoulders.
“I surprised him with my job offer in Boston, he got into medical school up here and I started applying for jobs without telling him. I had a couple of phone interviews and the one at Cathedral stuck.” Dean said, taking Charlie back to the beginning of his and Cas’s life in Boston. “I pitched him this idea of us moving in together, here, I told him that I had a good-paying job to support us for a while and his savings should be enough for the initial deposits and whatnot. I told him this fully expecting to financially support the both of us for 4 years until Cas was out of med school. What I did not expect was to become a push-over roommate or friend with benefits that he could fuck every once in a while when he felt like it.”
“Hell Yeah! Thanks, man! You’re like an angel-in-disguise, Cas.” Dean replied, a bright smile lit up his face.
Dean began moving down Cas’s neck, leaving kisses and bites down to his shirt collar. He sat back on his heels and lightly gripped the bottom of Cas’s shirt.
“Hi Dean, how was your date?” Sam asked, clicking the volume down on the tv but not pausing his show.
“Dean you WHAT?? You went to the emergency room?! And you didn’t call me?” Sam looked off-camera and waved someone over. Jess sat down next to Sam and entered the frame.
Castiel’s train of thought was derailed as soon as Garth pulled the gurney out of the back and the heart-achingly familiar face of Dean Winchester came into full view.
“Dean,” Cas said softly, “come on, let’s go in the other room.” Cas took Dean’s hand and gently pulled him into their bedroom.
“Gabriel,” Castiel said in a small voice, nearly a whisper, “did I make the right decision leaving him? I can’t help but ask myself this all the time and it’s driving me crazy.” -Castiel dropped his eyes from the ceiling to meet his brother’s eyes-
“You know what? Fuck this,” Dean said, standing up from the desk and grabbing his crutches. His entire body ached, the tension sitting in his shoulders and neck from holding up the weight of the world was too much and his hips were killing him from dragging that stupid cast around everywhere. Dean grabbed a heating pad from his nightstand drawer and plugged it in, he also retrieved a compress from the drawer and headed into the kitchen with it. He only felt a little self conscious about the things as he was waiting for the microwave to finish heating up the compress. Ok so yeah he learned a few self care tricks from Charlie and she left some things behind when she moved out, so what?
“Well, yeah, brother of course, I care about Dean, and you. I want the best for both of y’all and sometimes ya need someone with an outside perspective to help you through tough times,” Benny replied in an attempt to make Cas feel better.
“Oh wow, Dean, teaching is incredible,” - Cas set his mug down and reached across the table to lay a hand on Dean’s- “I know I could never do it, I hate people a lot. I’ve been told that my ‘people skills’ are ‘rusty’ “ Cas said, removing his hand from Dean’s to add air-quotes.
Cas brought up the last duffel bag from the car and dropped it in the bedroom. He grabbed the box with the air mattress and plugged in the pump to inflate the mattress. Once it was appropriately full he turned off the pump and left to join Dean in their new kitchen. He was greeted by the sweet smell of a freshly brewed cup of coffee and Dean’s smiling face.
“Uh, yeah, that’s it. What more is there to say?” Dean called back over his shoulder, not bothering to turn around and look Cas in the eye. Deep down, Dean knew that if he turned back to Cas now, he would break. And if he broke? There’s no telling how long it would take to put him back together, or if Cas would even stick around to help. No. There was no way that Dean would risk losing Cas over his own bullshit with his parents.
THANK YOU for bearing with me here. I'm so sorry for not posting more frequently but life is weird and obstacles keep popping up. I have every intention of finishing this fic, it is not abandoned, it is not orphaned. Thank you to each and every one of you for your comments and kudos, more chapters are coming even if it takes me a while to get them to you <3 <3
“Nah, I think she had a great time, she could not get enough of whatever I was laying down. But that’s the thing,” -Dean shifted in his seat, turning to face Sam more straight on- “I didn’t want to be there, I just flat was not having a good time. Something about being out with her just felt off. But enough about me!”- Dean smacked Sam  once on the arm- “how the hell are you tonight?! Is there any reason you’re still camped out here on my  couch instead of back at your place with Jess?”
At exactly 7 pm, Cas knocked on Dean’s door. As if he had been waiting by the door for him, Dean immediately answered with a devilish grin. Dean was trying a sight to be seen, he opened the door to reveal himself in tight black slacks, a rumpled white button down with only the bottom few buttons done, a black lace bra, and a fake hypodermic needle on a necklace. In one hand he held a bolo tie and a suit jacket, and in the other he held a hair straightener.
The apartment was dark except for a soft, warm glow from the living room. Dean stepped into the front hall, toeing his boots off and leaving them behind on the entry mat. He crept through the darkened hallway, following the scent of vanilla and the quiet plucking of gentle music. Dean recognized the music, the acoustics, and the singer’s voice, but he couldn’t place it immediately. He turned the corner into the living room to find Castiel sitting on the floor with his back resting against their overstuffed armchair, his hair wet from a recent shower and his lower lip red from his anxious picking.
“Well, I just had a rough morning at the hospital,” Castiel replied, his tone clipped and uninviting to other questions.
Castiel rinsed out the thick lather from his hair and his thoughts drifted to Dean as a college freshman. How beautiful he was when they first met, how the sun reflected the gold in his eyes, how Dean had rendered Castiel nearly speechless upon first sight. Castiel remembered the apprehension he felt when he asked Dean out to coffee that first time, how he was convinced that Dean wouldn’t show up and that he had made a fool of himself. Then Dean showed up and the rest is history.
“Castiel listen,” Dean said, getting Castiel’s attention as he exited the booth, “I had a great time, I’m glad you suggested this. Let’s do something next week or something, ok?”
Castiel’s wall broke and tears spilled over, unable to stop them as they ran in streaks down his face. Dean crossed the room in swift steps, pulling Cas into his arms. The two of them stood like that for a while, until Cas was able to stop crying. He pulled himself gently from Dean’s embrace and wiped his face dry.
A breath caught in Cas’s throat as he watched Dean sing, his chest grew tight and his heart ached. He loved this man sitting across from him and would give anything for more time with him. His stomach dropped as his mind raced through the various things Dean came to tell him. Maybe he was moving away, and he knew that Cas couldn’t follow. Maybe he knew their time was coming to an end, that when Cas moved to Boston for medical school Dean wasn’t going to join him. They had never talked about Dean moving with Cas, but he had hoped, hell even assumed, that Dean would go with him.
“That’s great Dean, but one thing,” Castiel said, finally finding the words, finally finding control of his mouth, “if you don’t mind my asking, who is Pamela?”
He smiled softly at the messages, knowing that Cas was sincere in his concern for Dean in the weather. He returned the phone to his pocket and started on his way. His doubt for his plan built in his mind with every step he took closer to home. Maybe he should try, try to fight for his own happiness. He probably wasn’t giving Cas the credit he deserved, he probably wasn’t giving himself the credit he deserved.
Castiel turned away from the bare nail and crossed the living room in swift strides and with a strained smile spread across his face. He sat down in the chair off to Dean’s left.
As Dean sipped the water, he thought about what Cas was doing for him. It was obvious that he was stressed, already overwhelmed and weighed down by the semester, and here he was ready to take care of Dean. Cas deserved better than this. Dean should be able to handle his own problems, he should be able to shelf everything and take care of Cas. Guilt settled over Dean, nearly suffocating him, the tender caress of Cas’s hand on his thigh serving as his only lifeline.
Mary’s grip on his hand loosened, Dean’s heart was pounding in his little chest. Why wasn’t the ambulance there yet? Why hadn’t someone tried to help them? The fire was growing closer, licking at the ground right outside their door, Dean was sweating, his shirt sticking to his back. Dean looked around for anything he could use, there had to be something he could do. He had to find a way out of this, it was his fault they were there in the first place, it was his fault that Mary was on the road when she was, it was his fault that she wasn’t safe with Sam and Jo and Ellen. He was supposed to be playing with a friend but he was too chicken-shit to stay over, so he had called his mom to come pick him up. He faked a stomach-ache to go home and now his mom was going to die and there was nothing he could do.
The two of them remained in silence for a couple of minutes while Gabriel busied himself in Castiel’s kitchen making hot chocolate for the both of them, something that he always did when he could tell that Cassie was going through something. Gabe reentered the living room with two giant mugs filled with cocoa and topped with a pile of whipped cream. He had even topped the beverage with crushed peppermints, tis the season and all.
Castiel quickly gathered his things and was out the door before Dean could respond. He needed a few minutes by himself to gather his thoughts on what just happened. After two years, his ex breezed back into his life and it did not go well. Ok, to be fair, Castiel was the one who left but it was a bad situation that he needed to get out of if he was going to make it as a medical student. But was he being fair to Dean? Was leaving the right decision that he could have made?
Outside Hellflame Coffee, a woman had been hustling down the sidewalk with her young son when a man jumped out and grabbed the boy. He stood with his arms wrapped around the boy and a pocket knife to the boy’s throat. He was yelling something at the woman, although Dean couldn’t quite make out the words that he was saying. Dean leapt out of his seat and was out on the sidewalk before he had a clear idea of what he was going to do.
Her face was pale and her skin cool and clammy as she reached for Dean’s hand. She opened her eyes,and Dean saw they were filled with tears.
“Dr. Novak, you better have a good reason for disrupting my emergency room like this. Want to explain to me just what on Gaia’s green earth this is?” Dr. Milton stood before Castiel and Sam, her eyes shooting daggers, her lips drawn into a tight line across her face.
Their kisses deepened and grew more urgent. Dean laid down on top of Cas, using his knee to spread Cas’s legs. Dean felt Cas’s arousal against his own. Cas rocked his hips up, eliciting a soft moan from the other man.
“You’re right, you’re right,” -Castiel set his mug down and leaned forward, mimicking Gabe’s body language- “You definitely deserve answers, so here goes.
She took the jacket from him and dropped it on the floor. Placing her hands on his shoulders, she turned him around and pushed him to sit on the corner of her bed. She bent to remove Dean’s salt-covered boots. He moved up into the bed and Charlie covered him with the comforter on her bed. He pulled the blanket up to his chin, an act that pulled on her heartstrings. She walked over to the other side of the bed and added another blanket on top of Dean, one that was large and plush. She scooted into the bed next to him and sat with her back against her headboard. Dean curled up next to Charlie and rested his head against her shoulder. They sat there for a while, with Charlie’s arms wrapped around Dean and her head resting on top of his. She ran one hand through his hair and the other was rubbing his shoulder.
“Charlie, I’ve missed him so much, “ Dean finally sputtered out, the floodgates opening, “I’ve missed him so much and I can’t believe that I’ve been through everything these past two years and he hasn’t been here to see any of it. And he graduated medical school and he did so well and is still doing so well for himself and all I wanted for so long was to be there for him and to be there to support him.” -Dean spoke without taking a breath and he could tell that he was rambling and couldn’t bring himself to slow down-
As he rolled his shoulders and stretched his legs out, the soft linen of his sleep pants dragged over his morning wood. Soft heat radiated from between his legs and the growing tent in the front of his pants demanded attention. Dean paused for a moment to listen out for Sam, always the early riser. When no noise came from the rest of the apartment, he lightly ran his fingers down his cock, over the fabric. A silent groan escaped his lips and he closed his eyes. He palmed himself with one hand, pulling his waistband down with the other, closing his eyes and arching his neck back and into the pillow.
Cas led them over to the couch and sat Dean down. He wiped his face clear even though the tears never fell from his eyes. He looked up at the ceiling and took a deep breath. While he did this, Dean could see the anguish in Cas’s face, his eyes were stained red around the edges, his cheeks puffy and blotchy from heavy crying. Cas’s hands trembled ever so slightly in Dean’s. Cas took a deep breath and looked back to Dean.
“Well, Lisa, I’m Dean and I would say that it was no problem but, heh, that wouldn’t really be true now would it?” Dean replied with a light chuckle in his voice, followed by a light wince. Right, he was hurt. “But hey, really though, I can handle this, I’ve been through a lot worse and come out the other side of it. I would rather this be me laying in the street than you or Ben.”
Castiel stood silent in the hall, dumbfounded that Sam Winchester was forbidding him from seeing Dean. Their first interaction in well over two years, and Sam had the nerve to come to his hospital, his place of work, and treat him this way?
Gabe sat in silence, his eyes locked on his brother, searching for any indication that he was joking, or lying, or mistaken, or just plain messing with him. ~wow if this is a joke, then that is what I would get for replacing his shampoo with Nair back in high school, Gabe thought.~
She reached over and pulled him close to her, wrapping both arms around him and holding him there. He relaxed into her touch and slipped his hands around her and held on tightly. Charlie pulled out of the hug and got up to dim the lights in her room and to set a timer on her phone.
“Oh will you, Boy?” Castiel replied, standing quickly and crowding Sam’s space. He lifted his left eyebrow and his lip curled into a smirk, “just what exactly do you think you could do to me? Does Jess know that you’re here? Threatening her coworkers? Does Dean?”
Cas was stunned. He remained silent as his brain frantically tried to fit the pieces of what was happening together. While the adrenaline of this fight was sobering him up, his thoughts were still too slow and sluggish for the moment. Dean wanted to ask him on a date and Cas led him to believe that he didn’t want to be here. Cas needed to respond, needed to say anything.
“Dean no, I got it, I want to do this for you. I want to know how you’ve been doing. I also do remember how to get there.” Cas responded quickly, jumping to turn the key and start the ignition.
Dean took a sip of his coffee and looked up to catch Cas’s eyes. Their gazes lingered for a moment, long enough for a deep breath, for both to drink in this moment they were sharing, long enough for Castiel to remember that this wasn’t a date. He tore his eyes away, looking down into his mug. He could feel the heat rising in his cheeks as he internally scolded himself for losing himself.
“You’re trying to tell me that you don’t know what the problem is? Dean Winchester, are you gaslighting me? What the F U C K, Dean?” Castiel stood in Dean’s personal space, backing him against the dresser. Dean gulped, ashamed to be on the receiving end of his boyfriend’s ‘Angel of the Lord’ treatment that was normally reserved for racists, bigots, and people who leave their dogs locked in hot cars.
“Well,” Dean said, clearing his throat, “I’m still at Cathedral, still teaching history. But”- Dean paused, drawing out the silence until Castiel leaned in with anticipation- “I’m also getting my masters degree in Psychology.”
Dean’s day was going great; his term paper was coming along nicely, his favorite barista was working today so his cappuccino was made perfectly, and his brother just let him know that everyone would be able to attend Christmas at his place that year.
“Well Sammy” - Dean looked back up at the camera, biting his thumbnail before speaking again -” I was getting there. It turns out that Castiel is still in Boston and is working at Boston Medical Center, along with the lovely Jessica Moore here.” Dean took a deep breath, matching Sam’s stare until the taller man looked away.
He handed Castiel his mug and took a seat in the armchair opposite the couch where Castiel was seated.
“Ohhh hell, y’all already know each other??” Garth asked, wide eyed and excited. “Well isn’t that just dandy?”
“Huh” - he shook his head - “ I didn’t know I was that easy to read.” Dean took a deep breath, “Yeah, we had a big fight tonight and I’m just feeling kind of lost. I don’t really want to talk about the fight itself right now.”
“A chai?” Castiel asked, raising an eyebrow, “since when do you drink anything besides black coffee with an obscene number of espresso shots?”
After a few more moments of silence and intense eye contact between Dean and Castiel, Dean remembered that he needed to respond to Garth.
“Well, I can’t have that now, can I?” Dean grabbed Cas around his waist and pulled him back down so the two of them were on their sides, facing each other.
“I have gone through enough shit, I refuse to let this blame be laid at my doorstep any longer. I hate myself enough for what I did, for leaving, I don’t need you to hate me too,” Castiel choked on his words, his voice watery. He swallowed hard, forcing back tears.
Dean gulped. “Ah, yeah. Lost. What a concept, I feel so good with where I am, I love my job, I love where I live, I love my friends’ - he reached up and gave her hand a soft squeeze - “and god, Charlie, I love Cas so much.” Dean leaned away from Charlie, shaking his head.
By the end of it, I was so broken down that I didn’t know who I was anymore, there was no more left of me to share. I had to make a decision, it was either stay for your brother and lose myself; or lose your brother and save myself. So, I lost my best friend, the best person I have ever known. It was the hardest decision I have ever had to make, and I have felt guilty about it every day for the past 2 years.
Dean and Meg watched as Lisa sat down on the curb next to her son and placed her jacket around his shoulders.
“Look,  you can be upset with us for protecting you or for trying to. But I don’t regret what we did and if I could do it again, I would. I’m so proud of you and the progress you’ve made. Don’t blame Sam and me for being worried about you.” Jess said, her eyes red-rimmed and her mouth turned up in a small smile that let Dean know how much she loved him.
Cas wasn’t sure about having Dean straighten his hair, but looking at the excitement that was so clear on Dean’s face, Cas knew that he was too in love with him to deny him anything.
He knew that he didn’t just want a friendship with Dean, this was only their second time seeing each other but he knew what the pit in the bottom of his stomach was telling him. He didn’t believe, or didn’t let himself believe it last week, but Castiel admitted to himself now that he was falling in love with Dean Winchester. How could he, someone who prided himself on his logic and reasoning skills, someone who had been skeptical of love and relationships, find himself falling for someone he had barely talked to? Despite his best efforts to explain his feelings away, he knew that there was something about Dean that pulled him in and wouldn’t let go. On principle, he didn’t believe in the concept of love at first sight. He chalked it up to a load of crap that Hollywood made up to sell movie tickets, and yet? Here he was, imagining a world in which someone like Dean Winchester could end up with him.
“Wait,” Sam interrupted, placing a hand over Cas’s to pause his movement, “you still love him, don’t you?”
“Well, I was able to narrow it down to either Cas or Sam. And I figured that if something was wrong with Sam that you wouldn’t be able to shut up about it. But with Cas? You seem to shut down a little bit more when something is going on with him.” Charlie stated, folding her hands in her lap and looking over at Dean.
“Well, haha, it’s not going to sound as impressive as yours,” Dean said in a small voice, looking down at his lap, “I want to be a history teacher, probably high school students.”
Dean could feel Cas shift next to him as the apprehension rolled off his boyfriend in waves. He looked over at the dark-haired man and watched him bite his lower lip, obviously waiting for permission to continue.
“Dean,” Castiel squeaked out, his voice cracking and watery, “that was beautiful, I don’t know what to say.”
“Jerk! What the hell was that for?” -Sam rubbed the back of his head, shooting a bitch face at Dean-  “You sound so excited and then you hit me?”
The door closed softly behind Charlie at the end of the night. Dean sat on the couch slightly stunned from his conversation with her, at his acknowledgement of his own loneliness. It was incredibly unlike him to be so forthcoming with anyone, granted, he had been working on his communication skills with Pamela, but still.
Dean sat in stunned silence. All of the thoughts that ran through his mind earlier were wrong, he hadn’t expected Cas to apologize to him. Dean resigned himself to a life of partial happiness as long as it meant never losing a partner. He fell under the assumption that he wasn’t worth anything and didn’t deserve better than this lot of life. And here was Cas bursting at the seams to make this up to him. He sat there, with Cas to his side, quickly trying to piece together a reaction.
