It was obligatory for him to show up. I was, on the other hand, only a guest, who would probably not really offend my hosts if I just overslept after a busy day and by doing so missed the nighttime prayer despite the bell-ringing. Once again, I glanced to the window on the other side of the building - everything was still dark. Once more I rose, pushed the curtains aside, and opened the window to remove the reflection of the light on my night stand in it. The night was cool and the air smelt of modern foliage, of dampness, of smoke - autumn had begun. The wind blew softly through the branches with a soft creaking; somewhere in the distance I could hear the faint roar of a brook. In the sky,  millions of stars and between them the full moon shone with all its might and bathed the garden beneath me in a ghostly white light. But on the other side of the building there was still impenetrable darkness. I sighed, closed the window, and stood in the middle of the room.
He shrugged.
The flat Sherlock where had moved back to London was on Baker Street, a stone's throw from the Tube station. We had to make a strange presence wandering the streets of London, Sherlock still in his beekeeping clothes, the hive clamped under one arm, the other clutching his cane while I carried a box of honey jars. Sherlock himself had been inclined to just drop everything, the memories I associated with these things were too important to me to just leave them behind. Even before he could find his key, the black-lacquered front door with  '221B' in golden letters, was opened by an elderly lady in a flowered dress.
"I think we should leave him alone today. This has all been very hard for him ... Brother William was ... is his mentor and Brother Jonah must be deeply shaken by these terrible news - but to harass him in my eyes is totally wrong, I'm afraid he will only retreat further. If we tell him that we are there for him and he can turn to us whenever he wants to talk, then we probably won’t do much wrong. "
He hesitated a moment and seemed to be searching for the right words.
"It’s the same thing," chuckled the novice.
Dropping into one of the uncomfortable wooden kitchen chairs, John pulled the laptop toward him. He scrolled down several screens, wondering if he’d see a trend in Sherlock’s messages toward more intimacy. He clicked on a year-old message, from about the midway point in Sherlock’s absence.
I raised his hand to my lips and breathed a soft kiss on the knuckles of his long, elegant fingers.
John hung up the phone carefully. He squared his shoulders then nearly marched back to the bedroom. The file still lay on the bed. He opened it and carefully took out the page with the website information. He opened a tab and typed in the information.
"You can count on me. In every sense."
He liked the cottage. He liked the garden. He liked the gravel drive that crunched under the tires of his infrequent visitors. He liked the lawn mowed short, the roses left to grow tall, the heat of noon and the cool of morning. But love it? No, he didn’t love it. Love was reserved for London, the city that held his heart. And for his best…
No television, no radio, no newspaper, his phone deactivated - John felt very disconnected from the world. He decided to just think for a while. He needed a break from Sherlock’s messages so he sat down on the sofa and placed his meal on the coffee table. He ate mechanically while lost in thought. He thought about the juxtaposition of Sherlock, rounding the globe and risking his life while John had been living a routine existence with Mary. Of Sherlock alone, in ever stranger places with ever stranger disguises, while John muddled about suburban London mowing the lawn, taking out the trash, cycling to work to keep his weight check since he no longer had criminals to chase.
John dropped his hand to Sherlock’s shoulder. He traced small circles into the junction over Sherlock’s collarbone. They remained quiet for a while then Sherlock spoke softly. “You love me.”
There was nothing I could say to it, staring into the brownish liquid in the white plastic cup. If only it was not too late ... One thought still occupied me:
"I fell in love with you," I whispered, placing a gossamer-soft kiss on his forehead.
Brother Elijah looked disappointed, but still wished him all the best from his heart, whereupon Sherlock placed a hand over his heart and bowed slightly in gratitude. Suddenly something seemed to occur to him and he pulled at Jonah's sleeve to get his attention. Jonah translated once more.
Her gentle chiding touched a place deep inside Sherlock’s heart, a place he’d kept locked away since he was very young, a place he’d tried to stuff full of opioids and stimulants and weed and alcohol. He felt as if something were expanding in his chest, pushing his ribcage out to make more room for this feeling. His brow smoothed out as he smiled.
"Why do you ask?"
“Right, sounds good Mycroft.” John hung up. There wasn’t anything more he wanted to discuss over the phone. He went into the kitchen and found a plate of eggs and bacon in the refrigerator. He started the coffee maker while he waited for the microwave to heat the plated meal. His mind was at peace for the first time in ages.
he to me? I looked closely at him. Had he always been so dreadfully pale? Had the circles under his eyes always been so dark? The hair so disheveled, his eyeballs so crisscrossed with red veins?
A wet sound burbled from Sherlock’s throat, cutting off John mid-sentence as his arms circled John’s torso and grasped tightly. John continued soothingly. “Come on, let’s get home. Let’s get up. Can you?” Sherlock nodded against John’s shoulder and disentangled himself. Wiping his eyes with the back of his hand, Sherlock drew in a calming breath. John stood first. He reached a hand down for Sherlock, who took it and squeezed tightly while he rose.
Brother William raised his hand, shaking his head.
"And you're completely reinstated now?"
John’s expression changed as fast as a late summer thunderstorm. A glower darkened his features and dulled his eyes. “What do I think? What do
“Maybe Mrs. Hudson will allow us to install a bathroom in one of the unfinished rooms upstairs.”
intend to leave him alone right now. He needs me. "
, my reasoning. Not for the way I look. And certainly not for my hair.”
The last part of John’s rational mind still functioning cautioned him to slow down but the animal inside shoved the concern aside. Grasping Sherlock’s nape, John forced Sherlock’s chest and shoulders to the mattress, making his long back arch. Sherlock submitted without resistance, turning his head to the side and to watch John over his shoulder. The cheek presented for John’s gaze was flushed, sweat-slick curls clinging to forehead, mouth slack while John’s brutal thrusts elicited an endless stream of involuntary sounds from the arched white throat. Thrusting brutally, John ground out between clenched teeth, “Feel
Wanting
“I wanted to. You know, maybe revive a good Christmas memory. Try it again, here, with you.”
I hesitated. Did I?
John hadn’t realized how starved he’d been for Sherlock’s warmth, his solid body under his hands. It felt good to feel Sherlock’s breath against his temple. He took a few deep breaths then stepped back, wiping at his eyes with the backs of both hands.
John thought he’d drop off quickly, since he’d been up over 36 hours, but his mind churned endlessly. He pulled the laptop close again and decided to start at the beginning and work forward this time. Opening the first message that had been posted two years ago, he read”
I am five days behind, so I’m just picking the prompt that inspired me today. I may try to get caught up - may not, I’ll have to see how the rest of the week goes. I’m also modifying the prompt a bit - apologies to the mods of the challenge!
"Every now and then, but I think the distance is doing both of us quite well."
"What does that mean?" I asked breathlessly; my heart almost stopped.
"I ... want to visit someone. His name is Holmes. "
As usual, the brothers entered the church in twos and celebrated Holy Mass. The Prior preached on the meaning of the vows that Jonah would soon take and placed them in the context of the Gospels and the life of Christ. Finally it was time: Jonah was called to the front by the Prior. He  knelt before him and raised his folded hands to those of the Superior. Father Christopher stepped in and handed Jonah  a paper from which he read his vow. When he had finished, the prior helped him up and handed him a pen with which he signed the document. The Prior then congratulated him, both smiling wide.
A shiver ran through John’s body and he slid his hand down to Sherlock’s shoulder. Sherlock reached up and gently directed John’s hand to his hip then licked further into John’s mouth.
Carefully, I groped for the confessional in the dark church, which was somewhat hidden in the side doorway. I pushed the heavy velvet curtain aside and slipped inside to find that everything was just as I remembered - even the smell of old wood and sweat was similar. Just as I pushed the curtain back and went into the side doorway, I heard a faint crackling, followed by frantic steps on exactly the same path I walked. I hurried back into the confessional and listened intently - I did not want to be seen here late in the evening but I was as eager to know who else was roving around here in the middle of the night.
“Do you have any idea how
“I never thanked you,” he finally said. His voice was low but he was sure Sherlock was listening. “You said you did for Mary. But I know. You did it for me.” John paused, and when Sherlock didn’t respond, he concluded, “So thank you.”
"I do this based on free will. And you should know by now that I do not need any kind of support whatsoever. "
Sherlock rubbed the back of his head: his hair rose and  smoothed with each stroke of his hand like the nap of luxurious velvet. He grinned when he glimpsed his reflection in a storefront window. It had been nearly two decades since he’d worn his hair so short.
"So?" He asked. His eyes had never seemed so cold to me.
. He didn’t
"He never told me. And I never asked. If he is serious with his vocation, and he has found the right path, then I will support him as much as I can. What was between us is no longer important. "
Before I was even able to reply, he had pulled the door closed behind him and disappeared. I jumped up and rushed after him. He was far ahead of me with his long legs, but as he was about to turn the corner, I jumped forward, tried to get hold of his habit, but slipped onto the smooth stone tile and pulled him to the ground with me. The candle struck the floor with a dull sound but did not go out, so I could still see Brother William at least as a shadow when he sat up again.
Quickly I went to the end of the room to see what it was all about - and was frightened. In front of me was Brother Jonah, next to him a broken bottle, the blond hair at the back of his head bloodstained.
John sat up all night reading through Sherlock’s notes. He’d taken breaks only to refresh his beer and the toilet. He’d moved around the house as he got stiff: bed to living room sofa to dining room table then back to bed. He’d nodded off mid-sentence with the laptop still on his knees.
"What about him?"
I tried desperately to slow down my quick steps - I had all the time in the world, he was fine, he would wake up again ... there was no reason to hurry. Everything would turn out well. I looked at the numbers on small square stainless steel signs in the upper right corner of each door - 5.09, 5.10 ... and finally 5.11. As with all the other rooms in this corridor, there was a glass panel next to it, through which one could look into the room from outside; however, the view was largely blocked by a half-drawn louvered blind, behind which was visible only a hospital bed surrounded by a frightening number of devices. I swallowed; such a sight should be familiar to me, conditioned by my profession, but now I just wanted to run away. I took a deep breath. I had come this far, now I could not back down - and so I put my hand on the latch and opened the door that separated me from Brother William.
Sherlock carefully turned until he faced John, his blue dressing tangled around his frame. John’s hand fell away as Sherlock rearranged his limbs. He regarded John for a few moments before he answered simply, “You’re welcome.” There was no reason to dissemble - it was true he’d killed a man in front of a dozen witness for the sake of John Watson’s happiness.
"Yes I..."
Sherlock moved his hand from John’s hip to his cock, stroking in time with his thrusts between John’s thighs, and John broke the kiss, buried his face in the pillow and nearly sobbed in desire. Stroking downward as he thrust forward then upward as his hips moved backward, Sherlock worked John’s cock in time with his own. John wanted it to go on and on and on but Sherlock’s hand stuttered as John felt the first hot splash of Sherlock’s orgasm on the back of his sac.
Sherlock pressed the POWER button  to turn off his phone.
"Are you asking me if I would recommend him for therapy?"
"You're so beautiful," I breathed. It did not bother me in the least that that slipped out, "If you knew how long I've been waiting for this moment."
I nodded, mute, unsure of what to answer. I wanted to justify my actions by the fact that it was not me who had been looking for Brother William’s closeness. It was already on my tongue but I swallowed the words down. I did not want to give Brother William any more trouble than he probably already had. And besides, I did not want to meet the generosity of the prior with a lie.
"Very nice, then please follow me."
John was stood at the kitchen counter. He turned at the sound of Sherlock’s arrival. Sherlock couldn’t contain the grin that spread over his features. “What do you think?”
. It’s not just
The prior nodded. "I am glad that we were able to give you the feeling for a short time."
If I had a brother like you, I would hide as well, it went through my head, but I kept my mouth shut.
Just at that moment, the bell struck to call all in the monastery to midday prayer, interrupting me in the middle of the sentence. But instead of waiting at least for a moment, he left his book and disappeared towards the chapel.
"I was told Brother Jonah was gone."
At last the blessed click echoed off the stairwell walls and Sherlock was free to go to bed. He performed his ablutions quickly, shed his clothes and wilted into bed. The long day of attending to John’s needs without appearing to be attentive had been exhausting. It was enough to truly drive him mad. He cocooned himself in the top sheet, the thick, soft cotton a hollow balm to skin that craved the embrace of his husband, the warmth of tanned skin against his.
Trains sway, rocking
"Believe me, I'm worried too ..."
"Thank you."
“You’re not going anywhere. And I’m not going to share you with Sherlock. You had your fun, now let it go.
“No time like the present, Mrs. Hudson. You look lovely,” John replied. And she did, in her wine colored jersey wool suit with black pipping on the jacket and her small wine colored, narrow brimmed hat trimmed with black velvet band and a few black feathers.
"And bring Jonah with you if you see him!"
I noticed that the young man’s right hand - unconsciously, it seemed to me - slipped over the white cord that was wrapped around his waist.
That Father Andrew sounded just as worried as I was the crucial point that drove me to act promptly. I would find a way to gain access to Sherlock's room.
“It was in your new employee packet. I expect you to read it and remember the rules. What was your name again?”
Before I could ask, the Prior added, "Brother William has taken a vow of silence, please respect that."
After a few blocks John glanced up into Sherlock’s face. He now saw everything he hadn’t allowed himself to see two years ago - Sherlock’s devotion, affection and love for him. John smiled in return and spoke softly. “Mycroft, you might want to look out of the window for a moment.”
"We must go to see him!"
"Do you still have your habit?"
With the full teapot, the tray was surprisingly heavy and I was grateful to find Father Andrew waiting in the corridor so I did not have to walk to his office.
"I promise."
“Hello, who are you?” A woman dressed in a white uniform with blonde hair caught up in a hairnet asked. The logo on her jacket said “Roost” in lurid pink embroidery with a multicolored parrot perched on the T.
"Yes, them - what’s up with them?"
He looked at me as if he did not understand what I was talking about.
"No, thanks," I said through clenched teeth, without turning, but the salesman did not give up.
I kept the promise I had given to Brother Jonah and visited him again the next morning. As I entered the room, I saw him kneel in his white tunic before his bed, the opened book of hours lying on the bed, and, gazing at the crucifix hanging on the wall above his bed, quietly muttering prayers. I just wanted to turn away and quietly leave the room and not disturb him as he loosened his intertwined fingers, crossed himself and slowly rose, with the headache obviously still causing him great difficulties.
"I told him that, but he refuses to take anything else. I was glad he ate some rice and vegetables yesterday. I'm really worried about him. It's time for him to eat with us again. "
"How nice to finally meet you, John! Sherlock has already told me so much."
"Yes, do you know him?"
He leaned back in his chair and looked at me thoughtfully, his arms crossed in front of his chest. "You're probably not going to be a suspect any longer."
But now he was sitting diagonally opposite to me, only a few seats away, stirring his tea thoughtfully; the sugar he had poured into the mug five minutes ago had long been dissolved and dispersed in the liquid. As if he had noticed my stare, he suddenly looked up at me. The corners of his mouth lifted up a tiny bit, but his expression was miles away from his otherwise familiar laughter. As if to show that he was doing well, he drank a large sip and pulled the bread basket over to take something to eat. But as hard as he tried to act normal, his movements betrayed him.
"Why would I have done that, even though both you and Brother Jonah made it clear to me that it wasn’t possible?"
“Married? Um, no. Didn’t work out so good for me, didn’t it? And I’m not one to make the same mistake twice. So no, it’ll be you and me the rest of my life, if I have my say.” John hadn’t even looked up from his book - he’d spoken his reply down into the pages of the paperback.
"Would you have just left there?"
“As I said, you can call him any time. Goodnight, John.”
The blond looked up at me, examined the drawing in his hands critically and then looked at me again.
“It’s nothing. I’ll stay home tonight.”
Watson reached up to caress Holmes’ smooth-shaven jaw. “Don’t give it a care, Holmes. Mrs. Hudson had quite a scarlet-tinted past. Our secret is safe with her. Now pass over another twiddle diddle. I find them most appealing.“
"It’s unlikely that Francis is the mastermind behind the attacks. That means you two -  you and Sherlock - still aren’t safe ..."
? What would your fiancée think?”
"Doctor Watson, good to have you here, we need your help - once again."
"I can’t find anything extraordinary," I replied, deliberately imprecise, as I was not quite sure whether William was just as much affected by my touch as I was by his.
"I hope you are aware of the importance of the confidentiality of the confessional, right?"
“I could get you a gag. I’ve my eye on a nice black leather one with a red rubber ball…”
He let his head loll forward, chin on chest, as tears sprouted into the inside corners of his eyes. God help him, he
"If you knew who was after Jonah, why didn't you warn him?"
Unerringly, I headed to the intensive care unit first - Jonah's message had unsettled me too much to have the necessary peace of mind to have a serious conversation with Brother Francis before I could be sure that Brother William was fine. Well, as good as a man who was comatose under the influence of an unknown poison could be ...
He nodded contentedly and began his lesson without further delay as I pulled Jonah's arm around my shoulder and accompanied him out.
"Do you want to get settled or should I show you around a little more?"
Mrs. Hudson chuckled. “Well, if you were my son, I wouldn’t want you getting up to stuff like this.” She picked up ashtray then sat it on the floor beside her feet. “Tell me now, how did a young Englishman come to be sleeping in Frank’s truck?”
Sherlock looked up cooly. “Perhaps if you’d given me advance notice, I could have rearranged my schedule.”
"Then we are even now."
Today, he’d lay in the hammock in the May evening and relish the Spring air against his wrinkled cheeks. He’d remember a May of chasing criminals through London’s alleyways, a Spring of candles on restaurant tables, two years of work and dinner and cohabitation in a cozy flat in Central London with a man who exclaimed aloud at his brilliant deductions.
“I do. Want this,” Sherlock reiterated, more forceful this time.
"I'm not willing to wait any longer."
"Was it the same to him? Was it easier for him stay away, so as not to be tempted? "
"And you will" I assured him, "you’ll be well again, I promise."
He’d finished breakfast, stuffed his own clothes in a plastic bag he found under the kitchen sink, and retrieved the laptop when the doorbell rang. He opened it to bright sunlight and Mycroft Holmes, immaculately turned out in a charcoal grey suit.
"And what about this?"
"I can’t allow that. I'll come back tomorrow. Sleep well!"
I thought.
"Unfortunately not, I wanted to tell you straight - I am highly allergic to nuts and they are almost always contained in praline mixes, so I gave them to William this morning. He looked like he could use a little mood brightener. "
A pack of Marlboros.
"But ... if the chocolates are not from you - from whom then? We usually do not give birthday presents to each oter here except for flowers or cakes - simple things you do not have to buy. "
He sighed and looked at the calendar hanging on the wall next to the window.
Two sentences. There were only two sentences, spoken in his pleasant deep voice, a little rough from being used so rarely. And yet they took me completely by surprise. Why was he always acting so mysterious? Why did he insist on talking to me only at night when everyone was asleep? And why did he urge me to remain silent too? Did he feel harassed by my constant demands, or was he afraid that I would let something slip? Had Jonah even told him I'd overheard their conversation? It was late afternoon and I did not know how to pass the time until evening. For distraction, I decided to pay a visit to my patient again so that he was not really bored to death, as he had already predicted to me.
John grinned down at Sherlock. He was
"Jonah!"
He woke up flushed and feverish the next morning, too weak to even get out of bed. As a Captain, he had his own CHU. While living in his own container housing unit was usually a plus, when sick, it had the drawback of not having anyone to check on him. Too weak to get up and find his mobile, John thrashed in fever-dreams until he missed his scheduled shift. His CO sent a sergeant to check on him, who promptly arranged a bed for John in the hospital he was meant to be staffing.
John stretched out on the sofa and crossed his arms behind his head. He closed his eye as he continued to think.
“Of course you have an appointment. You
"Correct. Since nobody knew until a year ago that I would take refuge here, there are only two possibilities: Either one of the older brothers was bribed or even blackmailed - which I personally don’t believe - or ... "
He looked up at me, looking at me.
"Rather?"
The older man laughed out loud.
"You will surely understand that I could not just go through the main gate to meet him ..."
wants to have dinner so
"When I was in a coma, you talked to me. Why?"
"What was that?"
Admittedly - that was probably not wrong on the Prior’s part. Nevertheless, I found it extremely unfair to forbid Jonah having contact with his allegedly seriously ill brother.
It felt like the ground fell out from under my feet. Violent nausea crashed over me and I wanted to run away but forced myself to remain as calm as possible. I tried not to let my despair show, although I was sure that my counterpart knew exactly what was going on inside me. Finally he spoke the words that were supposed to save me from my shock:
John licked his lips. The answer dawned on him suddenly. “Mycroft.”
"He was privy to the whole thing," he mumbled, as if ashamed to come out with the truth just now.
"I’ll …better leave..." I muttered and quickly scrambled out into the corridor. Even if it did not matter to me - my curiosity was aroused and I burned to know what it was up with the letter ...
“But, I said it’s okay.”
Faster than I wanted, my last day at the monastery had come; my departure would take place after the common lunch. It was a Friday when traditionally, in memory of the suffering and death of Christ, meat was not served and luxury foods such as coffee were dispensed with, but to be honest, I couldn’t eat anyway. I would never have thought that parting from the brothers would be so difficult, but there was no other way. We lived in completely different worlds and even the most beautiful time must come to an end eventually.
Chapter 1 : Prologue
"I heard your conversation with Brother William. I'm sorry, Jonah, I didn’t want to hurt either your or his privacy ... "
"So this is how it feels to die ...", he mused in a tone that in no way revealed what was going on inside him; his eyes aimlessly wandered the room.
"Sherlock, I ... I don’t know how much you sense right now about what's happening around you, but maybe you've noticed that you're in hospital ... I'm not saying this to scare you but your brothers and I are very worried about you  ... of course I understand that your body has to recover now, but ... "
"Doctor Watson, may I talk to you, please?"
"And now you want to visit Brother Francis, I understand that correctly?"
As during his migraine attack, he refused. What reason could he have to resist so obstinately any form of medication, or even a hospital stay? I decided to ask him gently.
"And you wanted to think about it."
. For two years, I grieved for you.” John grew more furious with each word, until at last the rage got the best of him and he reared back and head-butted Sherlock in the nose, blindly wanting to inflict even a fraction of the pain on Sherlock had inflicted on him. John fled the deli, flagging a cab as he hit the sidewalk.
"Of course you should look for a new apartment. I didn’t expect him to continue paying rent for his rooms on Montague Street while he was here. Of course Mycroft could ..."
John stood, resolute. He knew what he had to do now but it was late, well past midnight. He’d go ahead and sleep here, then visit both Mary and Sherlock in the morning. He’d gather his possessions from Mary’s townhouse. Before night fell again, he’d be back home. Home, in Baker Street. Home, with Sherlock.
“And Mrs. Hudson notices, and insists that you kiss him.”
Things didn’t change much when John and Sherlock were finally both back home at Baker Street, all loose ends settled. They still bickered, there were still papers strewn across every horizontal surface, they still had their own bedrooms (although Sherlock slept upstairs in John’s on the nights he did sleep), and Sherlock still disappeared for days without telling John his plans.
He dropped his gaze and shook his head.
"John ... may I call you John? - Good. As the Prior has already said, the investigations are still ongoing. Brother Jonah was questioned by the police last night and Brother Francis is still to be questioned. And until it can be clarified what happened yesterday, you shouldn’t discuss this topic with anyone. That's why I have to insist that you do not talk to Brother Jonah. "
"Of course, Father."
Unbetaed so please forgive mistakes.
As if dazed, I rose from my seat and left the library to wander aimlessly through the corridors. It was almost noon and I felt a little guilty that I had left Brother Elijah alone with the food preparations but I knew that I was probably not a great help in my current condition.
“Mycroft, why the bloody hell didn’t you tell me John didn’t get my messages!” Sherlock stormed at his brother.
Unexpectedly, Jonah got up and addressed the Prior.
"Great God, what happened?"
So far it went well for me. Pushing back and moving quickly, I strode to the elevators at the far end of the lobby and headed up to the fifth floor, where a few meters later I found myself in front of a wide metal and frosted glass door. To my left, I spotted a small room separated from the corridor by a sash window. There was no one to see, but at the side of the window I saw a doorbell, which I pressed with trembling hands. Now it was all or nothing.
"He let me lick honey from his finger - if that's not a gesture with clear sexual intent, then I don’t know what is."
"Not with certainty. And that's exactly why I need your help. I’m sure that Sherlock has already deduced this and since he is very thorough about the preservation of evidence, I suspect that there must be something in his cell that points to the culprit. "
"Jonah!"
Once again I was more than happy not to have to talk during lunch following the service. Too many things went through my head to concentrate on a normal conversation. I retired hastily to my room; I was not expected until the afternoon for lessons, and I wanted to try to get back to myself. My gaze fell upon the book Brother William had given me. Briefly, I thought about continuing reading it, but quickly rejected the idea because the thought of it revived images of this morning. His finger between my lips. How I had sucked on it, and my incisors had just slipped along the thin skin ... He had only briefly looked at me at our first meeting and had known so many things about me - what did he think of me? Even in my mind I was ashamed to admit it, but presumably he drew exactly the right conclusions …
"Exclusion is perhaps the wrong word, even if it is de facto an exclusion. He should have the opportunity to think about his behavior and to act differently in the future. Nevertheless, you should not regard it as a punishment, but rather as  ... education."
"Could you please come back another time? Mister Holmes just has a visitor and I don’t think you should go in there now. "
, the voice seemed to whisper to me,
"But ... why all this?"
"What makes you think that?"
Now I sat in Ella’s office for the first time in five months and felt as exposed as a lab rat on a dissecting table.
The message was dated five weeks prior to Sherlock’s capture. John read:
John stared daggers at Sherlock. “Yeah, maybe,” he answered without meeting Harry’s eyes.
"It's not that bad, just a brief examination, you don’t even have to stay there."
Heels of hands once again pressing his eyes, John asked, “So, yeah, about that. You thought I’d just gotten tired of waiting for Sherlock?” John dreaded Mycroft’s answer.
, I admonished myself,
“Anything,” John said. He squeezed Sherlock’s hand where it lay on the bed between them.
He waved my gratitude aside.
He nodded approvingly and I was glad to have done something right in his presence. Unfortunately his work was finished quickly. He closed the flap of the bee-basket, took off the gloves and the beekeeper's hat, and took back the protective clothing he had given to me. He stowed it all in the shed.
During the past few weeks, the dawning realization that the man of his dreams was drifting away had started to feel like a physical ache to John, constantly there, under his consciousness just like the ache from his shoulder. It began to color every waking hour and many of his sleeping ones, too - the ones when he lay in bed alone, waiting for Sherlock to come back from wherever it was he’d gone off to alone.
John looked down at Sherlock. “Hmm?”
"No John, it's all right. I'm just tired, do not worry. "
?” Sherlock hated the warble of emotion that crept into his voice and hated it doubly that his brother was the one to hear it.
"Not long, maybe the half an hour ago."
After I had done everything in my power, I could only wait and see. The nurse who had given me admission earlier came to me, put a cup of tea in my hand, and sat down next to me.
Sherlock remained silent but squeezed John a little tighter. After a bit John’s breathing evened out. “And I’ve really not liked Christmas ever since.”
“And then we came home, and the next day my father was gone. Seemed he and my mum agreed to give Harry and me one last family Christmas. Dad left the next day. They got divorced, he moved in with the other woman. We never went back to the farm. And…” John stopped, breath ragged.
I felt sick. I just experienced how wonderful it was to be with the person I loved from the bottom of my heart and yet today, in the 21st century, there were still backward people who rejected our love for dubious reasons. At any rate, my mind could never be changed by religious dogma- now that I finally had Sherlock back by my side, I would never again let anyone separate us. At the moment, however, something else occurred to me.
Light brushes of lips turned into open mouthed presses and tongue stroking tongue, until Sherlock pushed up on his elbow and gently pressed John onto his back. John made a soft sound of protest, feeling it was his turn to lavish attention on Sherlock, but Sherlock continued kissing down John’s jaw and neck then traced John’s clavicle with the tip of his tongue. Giving in to Sherlock's attention, John threaded his fingers into Sherlock’s wild morning hair and gently scraped his fingernails over Sherlock’s scalp, which elicited a sharp intake of breath from Sherlock and even more vigorous kisses down John’s torso.
"I had a mission," I blurted out and then, when I realized what I had just said, I added what had never been so clear to me before: "My presence was important. My fellow soldiers trusted me, we were like a family, could rely on each other - everyone had their task, their place, their raison d'etre. It’s not that easy to replace. "
I got up and tried to pull him up but he fought me, if only weakly. When Father Andrew entered the room at that moment, he seemed to be able to grasp the situation at once.
"Usually it's more peaceful here. Maybe you should come back to us during the Christmas season and give us a second chance so that we can show our good side. "
Then it hit John.  He sucked in a breath like he’d been punched in the gut, followed by a soft “oh.” He slowly lowered himself to sit on the floor beside the sofa and rested his forehead against Sherlock’s back. He didn’t say anything - speaking without thinking got him to this point, so he considered carefully what he wanted to say.
“Not a clue,” Sherlock answered.  “Goodnight.”
Mary also sipped. She set her mug back on the table and laid the gun beside it. “Okay, now that that’s all settled.” She giggled. Her eyes twinkled mischievously and John felt bile rise at the back of his throat. She continued, “We can put it behind us. I knew from the start you had
"You don’t have to. For now, it would be enough for me if you helped me take my things back to my room. I feel so isolated here, I want to have other people around me again. "
to you. I want to jerk you off while I fuck you. I want to suck you till you come in my mouth. I want to spank you and pinch your nipples and...” John grunted as Sherlock’s elbow lost its rhythm, his body clenched and he cried out loudly.
"I climbed over the garden wall - which I unfortunately was not very good at. And why they have to plant rose bushes on an outer wall, which nobody ever sees, will forever remain a mystery to me ... "
"Brother Elijah has told me that Brother William has been hard on you when you took care of Brother Jonah and I would like to apologize to you on behalf of our community for this incident. However, for me the question arises as to how it could ever get so far. I had already informed you on your arrival that Brother William took his vocation very seriously - and this also includes his vow of silence, that he has never violated. He has never communicated in any other way than through his violin playing - and suddenly I have to watch as you both blast each other with mutual accusations! "
He glanced at the small woman again; her gaze swept him up and down, appraising. Sherlock felt something he’d never felt before: he wanted her to like what she saw, to be proud of him, even … fond. He hadn’t been arsed to care what any other person had thought before - especially his mother. Why did this woman, much smaller than his mother and reeking of weed, elicit this feeling? His eyebrows furrowed as he pondered the mystery of why he cared what Mrs. Hudson, wife to the odious thug Frank, thought of him.
"Well, I’m not sure if you can call it ‘drawing’ ... It’s nothing great ..."
I did not know what to do now. In the past few days both he and Brother Jonah had become fixed points in my life within the walls of the monastery and now that I had neither the one or the other around me, I felt strangely deserted. I looked around, still looking for an answer, although I was not even sure I knew the question.
In the course of the morning, I decided to visit Brother Jonah and was glad to find him in bed. This time he was awake, leaning against his pillow upright, holding a sketchbook in his hands. When he heard the door creaking, he looked up and smiled at me.
Sherlock grinned wickedly while he rose, took John by the underarms and hauled him onto the bed. He crawled over John, caging him in with hands and knees and staring intently into John’s eyes. John shivered. He had never forgotten what it felt like to be the sole focus of Sherlock’s overwhelming attention. To feel so open and so cherished, knowing that Sherlock could read every thought and desire.
"How do you know that I'm a doctor?" I asked back in a hoarse voice, before I cleared my throat again. Why did this man so upset me?
Sherlock smiled tight-lipped.
"I still don't understand what you're getting at ..."
He smiled his unfathomable smile and I no longer knew what to say.
"Did you know it?"
"Thanks for the hint, Constable."
Lost in sensation, John didn’t notice the blocks passing by until Mycroft leaned forward and spoke to the driver, “Pull over here.”
Again I tapped him on the cheeks and shook him gently by the shoulder - I suspected that he had suffered a concussion so I had to be careful not to go too far. At last my efforts seemed to be effective; the blond's eyelids began to tremble and very slowly, he opened his eyes, blinked and then immediately closed them again.
***x***x***
"Why did you bring me here?"
"- see that you are present on the day of my profession and not in the emergency room of your hospital!"
John took the laptop. Mycroft continued, “You will want privacy while you read. I can offer you the use of a safe house. It’s stocked with essentials and you can be undisturbed as long as you wish.”
They’d fallen into an easy routine almost from their first date. It felt easy, comfortable;
Used with permission of the artist.
"Have a nice day," Jonah exclaimed, before joining the other novices and heading to his classes as I slowly walked toward the slender, curly headed friar.
"I'm sorry I can not offer you anything better but my money was only enough for this," she said tersely, as she could only provide a small pot of vegetable soup for Harry and me. "I'll get my wages tomorrow, then I'll make up for this."
"These are two completely different things," I replied hoarsely.
have to tell
They agreed to check in with each other each December. Perhaps one or both will change their mind and want to engage in the Holiday season. Perhaps not. Either way, they will always have each other. Always.
"Do you want to talk about it?"
John met Sherlock’s gaze, not backing down and apparently not relenting. “Last night, who did that? And why did they target me?” John’s tone sounded accusing to Sherlock.
A humming sound rang out and I hurried to open the heavy door; I nodded gratefully to her once more as she blushed.
"No, it’s okay." I cleared my throat. Under no circumstances did I want to give the impression that there was in fact someone in whom I was interested right now - Brother William would have immediately
“You okay?” John asked softly.
I wandered through the ancient hallways of the monastery, took a look at the kitchen, looked out from the cloister into the spacious garden with its sea of flowers, rich fruit-bearing apple trees, and a small fountain in the middle. At the opposite end of the garden I even saw some beehives. My search finally led me to the library, where I found Brother William as I’d suspected, sitting at a long wooden table in the far corner of the room, inconspicuous nickel eyeglasses on the tip of his nose and fully absorbed in a thick, leather-bound book. I did not want to interrupt him in his studies, but I felt such an urgent need to apologize to him that I could not miss this chance.
If I had not turned back at that very moment, I would have missed the look that was exchanged between the two men.
soul that hurts
He jumped up and for a moment I was afraid he would attack me again, then I heard the sound of a throat being cleared, loudly, from the door.
"Okay..." Finally he started moving. All I could hear was the swishing sound of his shoes on the wooden floor.
John leapt to his feet, pacing the small bedroom in agitation. He needed to talk to Sherlock. He jerked the bedroom door open, banging it against the wall, and rushed down the hall shouting “
"Sure."
There was a slight commotion in the church for a moment when the friars got up in order and went into the sanctuary to receive Communion. I briefly thought about joining them but then decided against it. I was conscious of too many guilty memories that kept me from joining in. Brother William went forward last and knelt on the lowest altar step. Prior Lambert put the Host on the tip of his tongue. I went both hot and cold at the sight; I was aware that I could not stare at him like this, certainly not at such an intimate moment for a true believer - and yet I could not look away from his sensual, slender shape, the dark curls that played tenderly around his pale face and his lips. Absolutely inappropriate things raced through my head and I turned away embarrassed, hands frantically pressed to my lap. Pull yourself together, John Watson! This is neither the right time nor the place for such thoughts - quite apart from the fact that the man of my daydreams was committed to life as a monk and would never return my feelings.
fingertips that hurt
Sherlock watched several emotions play over John’s features, one after another. And when John’s face settled into lines of weary resignation, fear flickered painfully through Sherlock’s gut.
I glanced at the novice, assessed the extent of his injuries, and nodded absently; I could not help it, that at the moment my concern was mainly Jonah, who was slumped on the floor. This couldn’t be true. Jonah would never do that. Just as little as he ... William ... the chocolates ...
John looked simultaneously hopeful and broken, and it made Sherlock’s lungs feel to small. He finally took a breath and said softly, “I didn’t see any heavy cream in the bags.”
John was so engrossed in his thoughts, he didn’t Sherlock arrive home until Sherlock strode through the bedroom door, bringing the scent of wood smoke and cold still clinging to his hair. Sherlock leaned over John’s shoulder and peered at the laptop.
John grinned. Yes, he’d found cat guts and sheep eyes in unlabeled containers in the back of the fridge but not until several weeks after Sherlock’s jump – not until the smell was so bad that he noticed it even in his grief. In a fit of emotional pain he’d pitched everything in the refrigerator then spent most of the night scrubbing every inch of it inside and out. He pushed the heels of his hands into his eyes.
"I don’t understand you," I admitted, sitting next to the novice.
He might as well have been back in the dreary bed-sit he’d occupied before he met Sherlock, for all the enjoyment he had in life.
After I had poured him a glass of water and placed it on his night table, I wished him a quick recovery and told him to call me at any time if he felt worse. He nodded and thanked me one last time, whereupon I left the room and closed the door quietly behind me.
Propping on his hands, Sherlock leaned over John to kiss him deeply, filing John’s mouth with his tongue, his taste, filling all of John’s senses with
"Of course not," the dark-haired man snarled with the last bit of strength left to him, "Until recently, I didn’t have any symptoms that would indicate poisoning."
“Sherlock, I didn’t have the password, remember? I didn’t know your flatmate wasn’t picking up the messages.”
"Community," I added. "Such a cohesion I only in the army. And I think that's what I've lacked since then. "
I have to confess that I only listened to Prior Lambert with half an ear during the rest of our tour of the sweeping monastery complex; my thoughts were too preoccupied with the mysterious monk and his dark curls. I scolded myself for a fool; I was like a teenager controlled by his hormones who wasn’t used to thinking with his brain, but … with other parts of his body. It was long ago that I had felt physically attracted to a man and then it was also likely due to the fact that there were no female soldiers in my unit, the 5th Northumberland Fusiliers - so you just had to take what you got.
"So to you it’s just a game," I whispered bitterly.
The man - Frank - looked at Sherlock like he was a one of South Florida’s legendarily huge cockroaches. “What’s this?”
John happened to glance around and catch the eye of a tall, pale onlooker standing in the back. And Sherlock happened to pause and glance around at just the right moment.
He allowed himself to imagine how it would have felt to loom over someone so much smaller than himself, to lean down to brush a kiss on mauve lips, to brush silky hair off a furrowed forehead. Of how tapered fingers would have curved, clutching his curls, as they kissed. Of a lean, small body against his, shorter arms around his waist, shorter legs twined around his. Golden-tinged skin warm against his pale skin, dark blue eyes smiling into his icy blue ones.
It was hard for me to remain calm while knowing in the back of my head that Brother William's behavior had such serious consequences for him. Now I was truly sorry for him, especially since I had gotten off so lightly. I wondered if the other brothers were just as indifferent to his temporary exclusion as my conversation partner. At least Brother Francis had been quite distracted before, but that might have other reasons.
prick! That’s not the point.” John dropped his grip and stepped back half a step, cocked his arm and threw a right hook to Sherlock’s upper arm. Sherlock stumbled back against the sink with John right behind. Spittle flew from John’s lips as he grabbed the back of Sherlock’s neck and drew him down to eye level. “
"Jonah, would you at least agree to let me do some neurological examinations in the next few days? If any abnormalities arise, you can still go to hospital treatment. "
Well ... besides the fact that, after realizing that William had fallen into a coma because of the poison, Jonah had gone to his confessor. Has this been a suspected act of revenge gone awry and gone horribly wrong? The scenario that took shape in my mind was not completely far-fetched - yet I had always been able to rely on my gut when it came to who I could trust and who not. And with Jonah I was very sure that my gut did not let me down. Could I dare to seek the conversation with him and address him as subtle as possible about my suspicions? His reaction would certainly clarify the outcome.
When he began to smile a moment later I realized that his hearing evidently worked flawlessly.
I was so convicted in my idea that I could not understand why the blond shook his head.
"It has not occurred since leaving university."
The Prior leaned back in his antique chair and looked at me. I nodded.
For the first time in a long time, his bell-like laughter sounded again.
“... he overheard.”
The chill he felt turned to fury at her presumptuousness. What kind of person would do such a thing?
"Possibly. Or you would look for someone who had the same goal as you and you do not have to blackmail because he volunteered to carry out the crime. "
The answer was different, however, than I expected. Brother Francis, whom I had asked because he was familiar with me from novice lessons, seemed almost embarrassed when I asked him whether there was any reason why Brother William had neither appeared for dinner nor was present. He avoided me, muttered that he did not know exactly what had happened, then retreated quickly behind the his daily newspaper.
"May I go to him?"
“What? Nana’s fruitcake is delicious.”
"Why did you do that?" I wanted to know so I tried to calm down.
She had caught me completely unprepared.
"I think it does."
I checked his breathing. Had it so badly smelled of alcohol the entire time? Of course, this was a wine cellar but it was not the smell of wine that came to my nose but from something much stronger. And it was clearly coming from Brother Jonah. What had happened?
"What was different when you were still in Afghanistan?"
“Let me … oh. Yeah. There is.”
Sherlock recovered his equilibrium and interrupted, “Thank you. I didn’t expect…”
I hesitated.
The novice master cleared his throat, as if what he had to say was not very pleasant to him.
"Jonah told me why you entered the monastery. That you wanted to protect him. I can’t put into words how much I admire you for being willing to make such a sacrifice for him ... Only I wonder ... well ... now, hopefully - everything is over and Jonah isn’t in danger anymore ... if you will go back to the monastery or if you ... well ... I don’t know ... want to live a 'normal' life again?"
"In most cases it happens quite voluntarily in order to keep his mind from external disturbances and thereby to open up completely to the voice of God and acting according to His will. However, there are also cases in which the silence is imposed as a usually temporary form of penance, in case a friar showed some kind of behaviour that doesn’t match with the Rule of the Order. "
I continued my search at the desk where I had seen Brother William sit so often in the last few days and pulled open one drawer after the other. I riffled through the loose papers on the desktop... nothing. The documents he kept there were devoted exclusively to religious topics or beekeeping. The letter Jonah had received was not there. Frustrated, I turned to the last piece of furniture that I had not yet examined - the bookshelf. Unfortunately, I found nothing there to give me a clue - only the skull still stared at me from empty eye sockets and seemed to mock me.
Sherlock swallowed and nodded.
Prior Lambert asked me to come to his office for a final conversation. He asked me about my experiences in the last few weeks and renewed his invitation to return for a week or two over Christmas or Easter, when everything was a little more solemn in the face of the two high festivals and, hopefully, more peaceful. After he’d repeated his invitation, he shook my hand in farewell and dismissed me. Many of the brothers had gathered in the entrance area of the monastery to say goodbye as well. It was only then that I realized how many different people I had come to know and appreciate during the weeks I spent here: Brother Elijah, who had assured me he wanted to keep an eye on Sherlock's bees; Brother Christopher, who thanked once again.
"Well, did you like it, Doctor?"
"By the way, you’ll find a phone in the office," Jonah whispered to me with a wink, "If you want to talk with Harriet."
"I was about to come to that. Your skin has a light tan, but only on the face and hands. Since it is extremely unlikely that you keep your clothes on while sunbathing, I have to assume that you have professionally been outside a lot, in an area where you were exposed to strong sunlight. England is out for obvious reasons. So where could you practice a medical profession and simultaneously be physically challenged, while the sun burns down mercilessly on you? Well, that reminds me of the Royal Army Medical Corps. Then you were wounded, you returned to England and sought out on your physical recovery with a therapist to help get your mental problems under control, which so far you have not quite succeeded, otherwise you would probably not be here to
- then stopped. John had obviously gotten out of bed to sit in the bedroom chair.
. Movement in the room above his. John moving about, shuffling due to the cast on his leg and foot. The sound moved to the corner -
Sherlock slid into the seat opposite Harry, which left John in the awkward position of having to choose who to crowd in beside: his sister or his flatmate? He silently damned Harry for choosing a booth instead of a table. In the end he settled beside Sherlock, mostly so that he could get a good look at his sister across the table.
"I don’t want to know any details, right?"
As he sat there, his eyes fixed on his hands folded in his lap, he was an allegory of misery. It was so unfair! For the first time, I seriously wondered why someone volunteered to do such a thing. I realized that living together required certain rules, as well as someone who enforced them - but in my opinion this was clearly going too far. What if the worst of all cases occurred and for William, help really had come too late? If he died without Jonah having the chance to say goodbye to him? Anger gathered in my stomach and burned my insides. I would not just accept that decision.
Gently prying Sherlock’s hands from around his legs, John murmured, “Come on. Up you go.” Wrapping his arms around Sherlock’s waist, John buried his face in the black shirtfront. “I do love you, too.”
"The guys who threatened Jonah!"
He shook his head vehemently, which he seemed to regret immediately. I noticed when someone was trying to lie to me, but if he did not want to tell me, especially in front of other people, then that was all right. I was a doctor, personal feelings did not keep me in my job.
However, there was still something that I needed to ask: "What reason would a friar have to take a vow of silence? Or does he decide himself? "
to John. It didn’t take a lot of effort or energy on his part. It was nothing like the excitement, the passion, the adrenaline he and Sherlock had shared.
With a soft sigh, John relaxed into Sherlock and opened his lips to caress Sherlock’s tongue with his own. Before - before  Sherlock jumped, before John died inside, before things got so complicated - they’d been lovers, but not loving. They’d vied for control inside the bedroom and fucked rough and dirty. Kisses, when they indulged, were more tongues battling for domination than a way to convey feelings.
“But why?” Sherlock seemed more amazed than confused.
"Brother Jonah," he explained, drawing air quotes in his claw-like fingers as he rolled his eyes, as if he considered the custom of choosing a religious name at the beginning of the novitiate one of the stupidest things he had ever encountered.
It was not long before the police arrived, a detective inspector and a sergeant, who had evidently been entrusted with investigating the convent, as the Prior addressed the two men upon their arrival without asking their names. He went into his office with Father Andrew. Jonah followed, flanked by the two police officers. I didn’t know what to do next; waiting for the novice would probably have been too conspicuous, Francis was certainly already being treated in the hospital and William ... well, maybe I should go see him again tomorrow, even if he probably would not know I was there. Only this time, I would stick to the rules and sign out before leaving the monastery,
He smiled subtly but did not elaborate his plan - which was unnecessary anyway, because I had understood what he wanted me to do and agreed. One question remained, however - and it seemed absurd not to be open, now that we had talked about things that had long since crossed the border of privacy.
"Then you can’t join him."
Deeply moved by his words, I did not know how to answer, and just nodded silently to his shoulder. A hurdle was crossed - but now it was necessary to clarify what exactly Sherlock wanted. But while he was in such poor health, I did not need to worry about it.
I could not remember the last time I had consciously pronounced these words. Feeling strangely fulfilled, convinced that I was on the right path - wherever it might lead me. I walked further and further into the dark church, which at that hour was illuminated only by the lamps in the entrance, the Eternal Light before the tabernacle, and two large candles on the altar, which flashed there in unobtrusive glass vessels.
Sherlock smiles. Genuine, wide, eyes-involed smiles. A lot.
"Has anything happened between the two of you?"
"Nonsense, I do not need any ...
They remained silent while waiting for the kettle to boil. Mary kept her eyes on the kettle and John kept his on her. At last, she filled the teapot and carried it and their mugs to the table. “There,” she said brightly. “There’s nothing that a nice cuppa can’t fix. Right, John?” She smiled at him, crinkling her nose in the way that John used to find charming. Now, it made him swallow nervously.
An uneasy feeling tightened John’s chest at the sight.
John glanced down at their twined fingers then up again to find Sherlock’s face begin to relax in understanding. “Better than Ella,” Sherlock murmured.
"And what will happen to him now? I mean - look at him! He's in shock, he ... "
Remembering.
Mycroft opened the door and got out, then leaned back in to speak to the driver. “Take them back to Baker Street. I’ll take a cab.” He shifted his attention to Sherlock and looked as if he’d speak. Instead he paused and looked between the two of them. Finally, he spoke softly, “Enjoy.”
Sherlock moaned his agreement, working his fingers to the second knuckle. The sight was almost too much for John - he grabbed the base of his overwrought cock and squeezed
"If you mean the vow of silence, it was for his own protection."
I gasped for air. "Well, you definitely were! Still, I'd like to know what's going on in this game! "
"What did he say?"
John closed the laptop and sat it on the floor beside the bed. He patted the mattress beside him and watched silently as Sherlock slipped off his shoes and trousers and climbed into bed. He began to unbutton his shirt as he settled back onto the pillows John had propped against the headboard. When Sherlock had finally shrugged off the shirt, John shifted to face him and took his hand.
"One does not exclude the other!"
Fitting the head of his prick against Sherlock’s hole, John whispered, “I don’t want to hurt you…”
Well - what now? If I wanted to make this woman believe that I had a right to see Brother William, then I'd better give a plausible answer now. I tried unconventionally to go with the truth.
"You want to visit him?", he asked without greeting.
"And why did he break it for me then? A man he doesn’t know at all? "
fingertips that hurt
"Stay here at least another day or two. You need to sleep, it does not help when there's such a commotion in the corridor in the middle of the night, when everyone else is going to the Vigil. "
Sherlock shivered at the note of sincerity in the older man’s voice. He had no doubt that this Frank had cut off his share of bollocks in his time. “I found your cameras, calculated the angle of their coverage, then found a weak spot in the fence between coverage boundaries.” It dawned on Sherlock that he could parlay this knowledge for his own safety. He leaned forward, trying to show just enough eagerness to gain Frank’s trust, but not enough to seem too overeager. “If you let me go, I can show you where and how to fix it.” He smiled, just a lift of the corners of his mouth.
"Well, come on, we can’t lose any time!" He panicked, then gripped my arm to pull me with him, "He must not eat it, as long as we do not know who placed the chocolates on my night stand! "
“You goddamned
The haircut had been hateful and the uniform itched but in the end the joke was on Mycroft. The other delinquents also sent to military school by desperate families had taught Sherlock tricks he would have never thought up on his own. And 250 boys between the ages of 13 and 18, locked away at a school in western Connecticut, all of whom would have had criminal records if their families had not had the money and connections to get their indiscretions discharged, together had quite a bag of tricks to trade. Alcohol, drugs, cigarettes, sex, pornography - everything was available for a price.
"I have not seen it, I have
“You have no idea what I’m talking about, do you?” John grinned.
, Sherlock!” John exclaimed. “I just ran into Mrs. Hudson downstairs.”
John nodded toward Mary. “Yeah, you could say that. You could also call it a bad break up.” He glanced back at Lestrade while he lowered the gun to the table. “You’ll find her prints on this. Of course, mine too now.”
"You have not answered my question yet. So what did you want in my brother's room? "
“Calm down and eat your pasta, Scrooge. You’ve got the tinsel out now. It will all be cleared away by Epiphany.”
“No,” he over-enunciated coldly. “I don’t want to get divorced. I just have an appointment tonight.”
He just stood there and let the tears that had sprung into his eyes run down his cheeks, without making the slightest effort to wipe them off.
Again the raised eyebrow. This suit-wearing snob quickly got on my nerves.
. On the first step, he turned to Sherlock, who still stood on the landing; they shared the rare experience of being of a height. John grabbed the lapels of Sherlock’s Belstaff and drew him close. With a growl, he crushed their lips together, kissing roughly, shoving his tongue into Sherlock’s mouth without finesse, only satisfying the urge to claim and plunder and mark. John felt Sherlock lean into the passionate assault, yielding and grasping John’s waist.
"We have already missed you, Dr. Watson."
"How did that happen?" I asked to the novice, who seemed to be too weak to answer me and only gave a low, painful groan. In his place, Father Andrew speculated that he might have slipped on the floor tiles and fell. When he heard these words, Brother Francis seemed to awaken briefly from his shock, blinking and looking restlessly around the room. He then raised a trembling hand and pointed to Brother Jonah, who was leaning against a wall, chewing nervously on his lower lip.
I waited until the ringing of the bell, then I went to the noon prayer in the church. The process did not differ from the other days until Prior Lambert rose after the closing prayer and addressed the brothers present. He explained briefly and unceremoniously that Brother William had been hospitalized in the morning with severe medical conditions and would now be treated there. A low murmur went through the rows; only Jonah sat in his seat, stony-faced, staring at the floor. The Prior cleared his throat to make himself heard again.
"We'll probably never be. But it's a risk we can both live with. "
"It's not your fault. You did not hurt yourself. "
"Shhhh, be quiet, or do you want them to hear you?" - A deep voice, emphasizing softly yet urgently.
"But you just woke up. Don’t you want to rest?"
"Praise the Lord, I thought you had ..."
He’s wanted before, a man, but that’s as far as it ever got. Glances, longing, wanting, unsatisfied.
I snorted. Actually, I wasn’t willing to talk about a man who was still struggling with death and over whose bed I had just shed bitter tears, but the realization that he had been fooling me from the beginning hurt.
I moved closer to his bed and brushed my hair back a little so that he could see the white scar.
“Why indeed?” Sherlock’s tone was light but the look in his eyes was grave. He cocked his head slightly and held John’s gaze.
I had to distract myself. I looked around my room and was almost relieved when I discovered a leather-bound folder, the type also found in many hotels. It contained all kinds of useful information about life in the monastery; information concerning the Rule, the prayer and meal times, a floor plan of the monastery as well as a list of contacts I could turn to in case I had questions or needed emotional support. It was no surprise that a part of me already knew that a certain brother was not on that list. But, I kept telling myself, I did not come here to become acquainted with someone, but to finally find myself. Well, at least regarding my sexual orientation my stay already seemed to raise more questions than answers…
"No. My life is good the way it is. I am happy here. And I want him to be happy too. "
At first, the blond just sat there and sipped his tea, but when the demands finally stopped, he started to speak.
"No, I don’t think you do."
“I guess I have my answer,” John whispered sadly.
"It’s difficult for you to adhere to?"
- they’d lived through a harrowing morning but now they were
I must have responded to this comment with a rather stupid expression because Father Andrew burst out laughing.
"I know. And that's why I don’t want him to lose you, too. "
“Peppermint schnapps? Isn’t that a little … juvenile?”
He fell abruptly silent and pressed a hand against his right temple. Alarmed, I jumped up, pressed his upper body onto the bed and also raised his legs onto the mattress. The small silver pocket flashlight that my colleague had used to check the pupil reflexes of our patient the day before was still on the night table - and I would use it again right now.
After a pleasant, uneventful day, I went to the garden again before vespers to check on the bees. There was not much left in the garden at this time of the year, but I still wanted to make sure that the bees were fine. What would happen to them if Sherlock did not return to the monastery? On my way back, I came across Jonah in the cloister. He paced restlessly back and forth, his hands clasped behind his back. He looked up for a moment when he noticed me, but did not stop pacing. His nervousness was obvious.
“You’re paying for that.”
And I would not ask twice ...
"I may not be strong, but I can defend myself when necessary. If you want to survive on the streets, you learn that damn fast. "
Mycroft laughed briefly. “Love, John? I’d watched you treat girlfriends as no more than a disposable commodity. Why would I have believed you would treat my brother any differently?”
Leisurely, I walked through the small room, inhaling the scent of the dried herbs hanging from the ceiling and looked around.The shelves on the wall held all sorts of glasses with herbal mixtures and tinctures, all carefully labeled in the swinging but delicate handwriting which I recognised as Brother William’s.
Frank gave him an appraising stare, narrowing his eyes and pursing his lips. “I’m supposed to believe you without any proof. Right, kid, what kind of fool do you take me for?”
but not soothing.
"Good Morning. Yes, thank you, I was very warmly welcomed by all. What’s on for today?"
"Yes, yes, we talked about that ..."
"I'm sorry," I murmured, jerking back. He reached for my arm.
"I just don’t get it," I admitted wearily.
John hummed quietly as he headed home with his purchases. He gave less than half of his attention to the other people passing on the pavement. Instead he daydreamed about what he hoped would come after dinner - Sherlock’s sensuous mouth on his, Sherlock’s muscular, lean body writhing under his ministrations, Sherlock’s face red and desperate. By the time John turned his key in 221B Baker Street, his heartbeat thrummed in excited anticipation.
I was aware that the liquid burned in the open wound but this didn’t get me any further.
"I'm sorry you had to experience all those bad things that happened here in the last few weeks."
After getting rid of at least some of the alcohol, it was easier for the blond to put one foot in front of the other so that together we could climb up the stairs. Back in the main building, the kitchen door opened, and Brother Elijah stepped out into the hallway, apparently somewhat displeased because I had not returned. When he spotted us, he stiffened in the middle of a step, became pale and made the sign of the cross.
It happened while doing the most mundane of tasks: taking his dinner out of the microwave, wiping the dishes at the kitchen sink, looking up at a clear summer sky while turning the compost. He was swept with such longing that it was a physical sensation, a punch in the gut radiating up into his chest and down into his testicles. A moment of tangency that took his breath away.
John scowled and flexed his left hand before he replied. “When we walk down a street, people recognize you. They whisper to each other - there goes Sherlock Holmes, the detective. They know you because they know what you
"Brother William repents for a fault he has committed. He is excluded from active participation in worship and from the common meals until the end of the week. He seems to be fasting at the moment, for I have not seen him in the kitchen tonight," an elderly monk with thin, blond hair, who suddenly looked at me very attentively answered. "Is everything alright with you? You are so pale suddenly... "
“Stop giving me that look,” Sherlock growled. He took control again, fitting his mouth against John’s and tracing the inside of John’s lower lip with the tip of his tongue.
"Hm?"
There were times, time they walked side by side through evening light, arms swinging in tandem, when the back of his friend’s hand would brush his. Not once, not twice by accident, but five, six times. Was it intentional? At the time he was convinced it was a meaningless, random occurrence. But now, after years of reflection, he wondered. Was it more - an invitation? If he’d only turned his palm up, would his friend have taken his hand?
When he snapped off the gloves and cleared away the supplies, John’s uneasiness returned. Sherlock had told him he loved him in his messages, but thus far this evening they’d both been tongue tied when it came to talking out their feelings. “Right, then. You’re all set. I’ll just head up now.”
"Only two of them joined the Order after me. And only one of them has a lilt that doesn’t seem to suit the south of England ... "
“Well you can’t stop fucking me until I open my mouth! Perhaps a gag
However, before we left I wanted to convince myself that Jonah was really alright because he still looked very pale; and he was not well after his concussion even by far.
"I put the words in his mouth, so to speak," Sherlock joked from his chair, evidently looking forward to this joke most of all.
He released the held breath in a quiet sigh, standing awkwardly on the first floor landing, wide awake. Going back to bed was more than he could face. Knowing that John was in the bed above his, perhaps awake, perhaps still agitated, was not something he wanted to endure. Eschewing socks, he sat on the top step to pull on the trainers he’d left on the landing. He leaned back to glance at the clock on the microwave - 11:43.
“John,” she said in her ‘we have something a bit not good to discuss’ voice. “There’s something I’ve been meaning to bring up.” She wrung her hands, obviously waiting for a sign from John before she continued.
“I will never take this for granted,” John growled fiercely. He felt Sherlock smile against his shoulder.
John gets a dark, wicked idea from Sherlock’s concentration mechanism.
"Jonah, please - that must be treated."
"I've already read a little bit, but only the basics about beekeeping in general, the honey and the feeding so far."
Mary turned toward the worktop and opened the flatware drawer. John couldn’t see what she pulled out until she turned and pointed a small, black and stainless steel .22 pistol at his chest. He noted the suppressor attached with rising alarm.
He could not look me in the eye. Instead, he changed his sitting position, stretched out his legs and pushed the hem of his habit upwards. A broad strip of adhesive plaster appeared to cover the injury on his leg - though I had repeatedly offered to treat his wound, he had repeatedly put me off to 'later', almost as if he wanted to delay it as long as possible. Now, however, he began plucking at one corner of the bandage, but was unable to grasp it with his strikingly short fingernails.
I sighed softly. In case of poisoning, every second counted, even half an hour could be too long. After all, there was still a tiny glimmer of hope.
John grinned, then broke into breathy laughter then nearly-hysterical giggles. It escalated until John was sobbing with laughter while tears ran down his cheeks. He felt himself break into pieces, the events of the past week catching up with him. Learning Sherlock was alive, the time he spent in the nondescript house reading, finding that Sherlock loved him, the first night he and Sherlock had spent together, facing the woman he’d loved across the barrel of a gun, disarming her on instinct, the arrest… it was nearly too much.
"Well, if the question has already been decided, then we cannot do much more."
had never sounded so decadent in Sherlock’s mouth and John wished he had a mind palace to store the way Sherlock said it just then. John squeezed his thighs and Sherlock groaned and John joined him, not even trying to stifle the sounds bursting from his throat.
But with Sherlock it had all been so different. Sex had been a battleground, both fighting for dominance, never sure of the outcome of each power exchange. The
He puffed out his cheeks and exhaled slowly, making a conscious decision to table his anger and explore it again later. This time away, hidden from the world and his everyday responsibilities, was supposed to be his time to read Sherlock’s messages and to reflect - not to work himself into a rage at Sherlock’s dick of a brother. John resolutely picked up the laptop and headed back to the bedroom, confident in his belief that the bedrooms were not bugged.
any more. Sherlock Holmes is bigger than just
A short silence, then, "Why are you asking about Mycroft Holmes?"
"Do you suffer from this often?"
"That’s his name. His baptismal name. "
John took Sherlock’s hand as if he’d done it a thousand times, not as if he’d never interlaced their fingers before. He pulled their joined hands to his lap and let them rest on his thigh. Sherlock’s eyes widened and one corner of his mouth lifted briefly but he didn’t remark on John’s action.
put that
"Whom?" The name meant nothing to me.
"No, to the Prior. He won’t let me to go him."
"Normally you would find him here around this time, unless he is devoted to herbalism, then you might find him in the garden. There is also a small shed right next to the kitchen where he occasionally researches the development of herbal remedies - some kind of laboratory, you know?"
Father Andrew stopped and looked at me seriously, before answering in a lowered voice.
The next morning began with a self-revelation during breakfast - I simply couldn’t get Brother Jonah's response to the letter out of my head. My attempts to take a look at him during the Complet or early mass had failed miserably because of the poor light conditions inside the church. Also, I was not sure if the fact that Brother William was assisting at the altar this morning and the way he gave the bread and wine to the Prior with graceful movements of his hands didn’t distract me a little.
"The chocolates! I did not even realize that you've been here before, must have slept pretty well ... And most importantly, I did not realize you knew that it’s my birthday. "
John’s eyes widened, his brows flying further up his forehead with each of Sherlock’s questions. “What are you raving about?” Each word bitten off with angry precision.
. I pointed to myself, overlapping my hands over my heart, then pointing at him:
"I can see it in your eyes."
. Every cab ride was exciting when Sherlock sat beside him. Every restaurant dinner was a special occasion when he shared it with Sherlock. Walking the streets of London beside Sherlock made every step special. He’d never felt that way with Mary and knew he never would. He sighed and scrolled down.
Groaning, John covered Sherlock’s hand with his own. He stroked in time with his own thrusts, rocking his own hips back into Sherlock’s pelvis then forward enough for Sherlock to get the friction he needed to come and come. Sherlock’s hips stuttered out of tempo but John’s rhythm worked him through his orgasm and allowed John’s to build. Soon John’s orgasm joined Sherlock’s, pulsing over their hands while Sherlock’s pulsed between John’s thighs. Their groans reached a crescendo together then they collapsed against each other, utterly spent and sated.
to do something nice for you! I cooked
"I know I don’t have to. But I want to. "
"Yes."
!” John strode to the coat hooks and ripped down Sherlock’s deerstalker then marched back to face Sherlock. “Here,” he spat, throwing the hat against Sherlock’s chest with savage force, “wear the hat.”
After lunch, I wanted to search for my mysterious monk but was intercepted by Father Andrew.
He turned in my embrace, put his long, sinewy arms around my shoulders and whispered the translation in my ear:
But Sherlock felt that his fast-approaching 43rd birthday was a good occasion for a new look. A few strands of silver had appeared at his temples over the past few months. He took that as a  sign that a more sober hairstyle was in order.
Apparently, I had gone too far. Brother William conveyed that to me with an angry glance.
"I’m serious about that, Jonah," I continued, unperturbed. "You need rest, you won’t feel good when you get up every few hours and kneel here for half an hour on the cold ground."
"John, I don’t think I understand what you're getting at..."
And now he was constrained by sentence to a quarter mile radius of 221 Baker Street, unable to visit crime scenes, unable to even travel to his parents’ home for Christmas.
His cramped limbs began to relax and he tried to sit up. I raised of his bed a little and straightened his pillows to make him more comfortable. Relieved, he sighed, leaned back and placed his fingertips against his chin, then swept his hand down and away - the sign for 'Thanks'.
"I am a friend."
As soon as I turned the corner and out of sight, I put the tray down on a window sill and unfolded the small piece of paper that the blond had given to me. His handwriting was small, the script almost girly-no comparison to the scribble I myself called handwriting. But what astonished me much more than the outward form of the message was its content. Jonah had written only one sentence, in fact only two words - and yet they said so much more than a whole essay could have done:
"Is there something I should know?"
And Sherlock was bringing friends! That nice Dr. Watson who had taken such good care of him while Sherlock recovered from that ghastly gunshot wound. And Dr. Watson’s estranged wife. That seemed a little odd, but Violet supposed Sherlock had his reasons - and strongly suspected those reasons were to push them toward reconciliation. And a Mr. Wiggins. Violet didn’t recall ever hearing Sherlock talk about a Mr. Wiggins, but she was proud that Sherlock was kind enough to invite a friend who had no family to visit on Christmas.
Sherlock rolled his head against John’s shoulder. “I have two years’ MI6 wages, untouched, in my account. We can live for years off of it if we’re frugal.”
“Mrs. Hudson!” Saul nearly bellowed.
"I already told you that it was never important to him during our relationship, that we had sex with each other. I believe that what he longed for most of the time was closeness. Security. Someone to catch him, if he should fall. I would even go so far as to say that he saw it as a necessary evil to have sex with someone if it helped him to get what he really wanted - someone who not only spent the night with him, but was still there the next morning, holding him. Who made him tea and made him believe for those few, precious moments that everything could turn out well ... "
Father Andrew waved aside with a smile. "You are supposed to experience something here that will help you in your everyday life. If this works - even better! By the way, I saw you with Brother William at the beehives. Do you enjoy beekeeping? "
"Do you know the Marylebone Farmers' Market?"
He whispered the last words. I nodded sympathetically and reached for his trembling hand.
"You brought me the book, didn’t you?" I asked to be sure.
. Sherlock Holmes is
"I guess they want vengeance. I testified against one of them ... against my dealer, who sold me dirty stuff. It was supposed to be a sort of ending to my old life, but obviously the police were better in this particular case than ever before. However, a few days later I read in the paper that the police had picked up the whole gang. They were given an anonymous hint that gave them enough evidence within a very short time to find the backers and put them in prison for years. I just made my statement and then I came here, thinking I would be able to be done with all this. "
"I will not leave you alone," I whispered, clinging to him as if I could wrest him from Death’s grip. I continued to listen to the beating of his heart, slowly calming, until at some point I fell asleep against his chest.
"Thank God!" Jonah exclaimed. He rushed over to his mentor and fell around his neck, which seemed to confuse the other man very much.
"I'll see you again when you're sober."
A long-groaned moan that could mean anything or nothing escaped his throat, but he clung to me now instead of letting himself sink to the ground again, although he wavered threateningly. I tightened my grip and took a cautious step forward.
"I'm sorry," I stammered, crouched down and hurriedly picked up the pieces. Brother William did not move from the spot at all, but now he held out his hand to help me up. Very reluctantly I took it, felt the water run down our hands and slowly soak the narrow sleeve of his habit.
I swallowed unconsciously, because the whole situation suddenly seemed so personal and familiar, not only because he had renounced the formal salutation.
“Let me get you a glass. A large one.”
"What happened?"
John set the laptop aside and wandered into the kitchen. He rummaged through the cabinets until he found coffee and a coffee maker. He set it up on the counter and started a pot. He leaned against the counter and rubbed a hand over his eyes, dragging it down over his mouth. He felt the scratch of stubble under his fingers and realized he’d been reading, locked away in this house, for more than 24 hours.
"Good morning, Dr. Watson - well, you have settled with us a little?"
There it was again, that mischievous grin that I loved so much about him.
John floated up from a pleasant sleep to the feeling of Sherlock’s lips pressed to the back of his neck. The soft brush of lips sent a jolt down his spine and up his morning erection. He turned onto his side and met those soft lips with a kiss.
Since then, my opinion on confession had changed. I remembered the feeling of relief that gripped me at the priest’s words. Whenever I had something on my mind that I could not talk to anyone else, I knew where to turn. Actually, I could compare this to my meetings with Ella - except for the fact that Ella could bill horrendous amounts for her services, but could not help me to get rid of my sins anyway. In this respect, the church clearly offered the more cost-effective solution. But I had not been to confession for a long time - most recently before my departure to Afghanistan, and at that time I did not know whether I would return alive. Possibly it was time to tackle the old habit again. Especially with Father Andrew; I had now built such a good relationship with him that I could imagine him as a confessor quite well.
“No thanks to you. I want to talk to you. Face to face. I have some questions for you about the past two years.” John struggled to modulate his voice. He wanted to shout, but instead bit out each word with vicious precision.
"Are they ... seeds? Orange seeds or something like that? "
Mycroft notices, of course. First he notices that his brother often displays a sucking-a-lemon expression, the middle of his lips turning upward while the corners of his mouth turn down. After observing for a few weeks, Mycroft deduces that Sherlock is actually trying to stiffle smiles. He takes his brother aside and advises him to let it out, that he’s waited long enough to be happy so go ahead and indulge. After all, if Sherlock chooses to get involved, he might as well jump in with both feet.
I smiled contentedly.
Sherlock doesn’t change much after things are finally settled with John. He still stays up all night, insults people, eats too little and smokes to much. There’s only one change - and John cherishes it.
It was time she got to work.
Not knowing what else to do, I made my way to the sickroom to await the novice's return; the calm and concentration of pursuing a day-to-day task, however simple it might be, had been completely lost to me. His drawing notebook still sat on the bedside table next to the rumpled bed and I thought wistfully of how harmoniously that day had begun - and how I had been happy about the drawing of Brother William! But wait - where was the drawing that Jonah had made of his fellow brother and given to me? A slight hint of panic seized me; What if I lost it? Frantically, I looked around the room, trying to remember where I'd put it when we left the room together ... there it was! Lying innocently on the windowsill, lit by the deep autumn sun, which broke through the glass of the window and painted strange colorful patterns on the paper. I stared at the perfect pencil lines for what seemed like an eternity;  they showed, in their entirety, the image of a man who seemed so in tune with himself that it was almost out of this world. I had heard him playing his violin only once, but the melody still sounded in my head, as if he were standing in front of me at that very moment, eliciting those charming sounds from his instrument. I began to hum softly, perhaps rocking a little bit and barely noticed how my throat tightened. Like a mantra I mumbled his name and ran my fingers over the paper until I finally managed to avert my gaze and look out into the garden. The leaves had turned reddish and were whirled through the air by the gentle wind. My eyes fell on the beehives in the far corner of the garden. It could all have been so nice; we could have spend a wonderful time together ... but life was rarely fair.
Laughing, I shook my head.
John felt more decadent than he’d ever felt, dripping with silicone lube from hip to knee, Sherlock’s hand stroking his bollocks in just the right places while stroking Sherlock’s frenulum at the same time, Sherlock making tiny “ah” sounds behind him on each exhale, the heat of Sherlock's chest, the Sherlock’s bony knees behind his own. John felt hedonistic and wanton and suspended in time, fully given over to Sherlock’s attention. He pushed his arse back against Sherlock as far as he could go, not wanting a single millimeter of space between them, then he rocked forward against Sherlock’s hand, moaning and panting. As he watched, another bead of precome pumped from his cock and dripped onto his belly, then another.
With a soft click the hour hand of the alarm clock jumped to ten and I decided to go to bed. The day had been exhausting and I was too tired to keep my eyes open any longer so I slipped into my pajamas and under the blankets. I was about to float away into the land of dreams as I heard soft noises followed by a flickering light that lit the room. I blinked and just wanted to sit up as the door was closed with a soft click and the key was turned around.
Well, fuck you very much, Sherlock Holmes, but John was sticking with the sure bet. Easy, steady, trustworthy Mary. Mary, who Sherlock had dragged into drama last night at the bonfire, risking her life on the back of a commandeered motorcycle, driving down staircases and along sidewalks.
. The sprang unbidden in John’s mind, fanning his irritation again.
Several expressions fought for dominance on John’s face at one. The result was quite comical - if Sherlock had been looking. “Oh, ummm. I’ll just …” John sputtered as he backed out of the living room, toward the stairs.
John smiled sheepishly at his former landlady. “Hello, Mrs. Hudson.” Sherlock pulled on his wrist and John stumbled up a few stairs while giving Mrs. Hudson a sheepish smile over his shoulder. The air around them thrummed with gleeful energy and John giggled like he’d just chased a over several blocks of London rooftops. He tripped through the door to the flat with Sherlock still tugging him by the wrist. Sherlock rounded on him and grasped his shoulders in his still-gloved hands, pulling him close and crushing his mouth under Sherlock’s own.
"By looking for someone who I have something to use against him, to blackmail him?"
"Hello Sherlock," I whispered. I tentatively held his hand.
“You are a decorated war veteran, an army doctor who operated under the most dangerous conditions. You pursued some of London’s most dangerous criminals for fun. And you expect me to believe you became engaged to Miss Morstan because it was
"I was with Brother William but I was there alone. And I did not meet anyone at the hospital ... well, apart from his brother. "
Instead of answering, the blond changed the subject.
"What can I do for you?"
Late nights, playing his violin at the window, looking out on the occasional delivery men and beat cops. His friend, reading the evening papers, curled on the sofa under a throw hand crocheted by their landlady.
My eyes darted back to the door of the library. The action was not lost on the Prior.
That could not be true! But he would not be able to get out of the way so easily. I was determined to speak to him and the day was long. I had come here to give my life a new direction and I would immediately begin to follow the advice Jonah had given me. I would face the challenges of my life. Running away was for cowards. And God knew, I was not a coward. Despite all my emotions, I had something to clarify and even if Brother William was deliberately evading me - that I did not believe, because he had no reason to - I would not give up until I had said what I had to say.
"JUST GO AND CALL AN AMBULANCE! Describe the symptoms to them and say that everything indicates poisoning, then they can come prepared. "
Sherlock flopped to face the back of the sofa, flipping his dressing gown up and around his legs as he went.
. Sherlock could always go back later and print them.
Sherlock ... SHERLOCK! I suddenly felt like scales fell from my eyes. Why had not I realized this before? Brother Jonah had addressed him with the name 'Sherlock' instead of calling him William, as he used to do otherwise! He was his mentor so I was not really surprised that Jonah knew his 'real' name, the name his parents had given him. But was it not explicitly the meaning of a religious name that one took leave of his old life to start a new one? Jonah had been falling-down-drunk - in this state he wasn’t thinking about such things, they were instinctive. Through the alcohol-induced impairment of the language center, one chose words and names that were familiar to one, simple words that were used regularly and which one did not have to think about for a long time. How likely was it that in such a state someone was addressed with a name that one actually no longer used? Especially if it was such an unusual name as 'Sherlock'? I was sure it was only done if you used this name often.
I blew out my breath as if I’d been on a long run, threw my hands in the air and shook my head,  frustrated.
Turning three quarters of the way away from John, Sherlock slipped the shirt from his shoulders. “I need your help with these.”
"You're unbelievable!"
peeled away by the years.
Sherlock was at the table as John entered the flat. “Oh. My
relationship.” Mycroft sneered. “How could I not have seen?”
Those days in hospital were not something John liked to think back on. He only disclosed the information to his personal physician and no one else. John had never considered having children anyway, so he viewed the fact that he was left sterile from the rare complication as a plus, not a minus. He still insisted on condoms, even when the women he slept with wanted to skip protection. He’d seen enough complications of various STIs during medical school that he wasn’t willing to take risks. And if the women thought the condoms were for birth control, John didn’t correct them. His wife had told him plainly on an early date ‘kids aren’t my thing.’ Being a private sort, John hadn’t shared with her that kids with him were an impossibility. It didn’t seem a big issue since the charming blonde didn’t want children.
That’s why John was shocked and appalled when Sherlock revealed to him - during his wedding reception - that his wife was pregnant.
I did not hesitate for a second.
“Hmm?” John questioned.
what a mess. What an awful, horrible mess. He’d spent two years in abject despair – all because of one variable Sherlock could not have controlled.  Sherlock had spent two years writing to him while believing John would be waiting for him at Baker Street when he returned. The sheer
My nerves were stretched thin - I had already recognized Brother Jonah in the voice, but now I knew who the person he was talking to was. Breathlessly I dug my fingers into the wood of the confessional and pushed my head through the curtain as far as I could without losing my balance. I listened intently to the silence but the conversation seemed to be stalled. Were the two men still here at all? Cautiously, I dared to move a little more, putting my foot on a narrow step directly in front of me - and the next moment I was startled by the noisy creak that my thoughtless step had caused.
, so much so that he hadn’t heard John moving around in the kitchen. It was rather sweet that John had thought of him, trying to make veg interesting for a change. The corner of Sherlock’s mouth flicked up.
as well as
, I corrected myself. Even though Jonah and I had started calling him by his real name, I knew I couldn’t even think of him by that name if I did not want to expose his disguise and put him in even greater danger. Nevertheless, his baptismal name was like a mantra for me, encouraging me. Like a vow of love, his name passed my lips as I entered the room, closed the curtains and switched on the bedside lamp; it poured its warm light over the white linen sheets and the cushion with the Union Jack that that still lay beside his pillow.
"I see how he looks at you when he thinks you don’t notice - and I also see how sad he is. If you had met earlier ... "
John crossed his arms on the table and buried his head in them.
“Calm down, John. How many of his messages have you read?” Mycroft’s tone was neutral.
If the police had not taken him away, I would have killed him on the spot. Never before in my life had I been so infused with hate as in this moment and at the same time, as powerless as never before. I had to do something to channel my anger, otherwise I would beat everything in this room to a pulp. My gaze fell on the golden vessel that still stood on the bedside table. I quickly wrapped it in two more tissues and ran into the nurses' station to ask the way to the lab. Knowing what poison was in the oil could perhaps determine the antidote.
On my questioning look, he gave me another glimpse into his past.
No further explanation, just a simple
John finally felt drowsy enough to fall asleep. He shut the laptop and put it on the floor beside the bed. He didn’t even recall turning over - he was asleep that fast.
"Take this, it helps the nausea. I can give you something for the headache, too, then you will sleep better. "
"Can’t you sit down? I'll get a stiff neck. "
The door opened and the friars, led by Prior Lambert, entered the church. To my astonishment, I realized that Brother William was the last to take his place in the choir loft, but settled on the edge, while all the other men went to their usual places. I decided not to let myself be irritated; my interest in the young man had brought too much trouble to both him and myself. Nevertheless, it was noticeable that he would only passively participate in the service. It was only recently that I had discovered that there was also a plan for the liturgical ministry, which assigned certain tasks to each brother, such as the recitation of psalms or the service on the altar, and which was valid for one week. Brother William should have assisted the priest who led the Eucharistic celebration this week, as he had done on the preceding days - but now he stayed in his place, gazing into space, and seemed to hardly notice his surroundings. Was it worry about his protege Jonah, or was there something else?
?” Mycroft’s sneer intensified.
“Your wife? Mary?”
“I arranged a moving van, two men will meet you Friday morning at 9 to get your possessions. I figured a van would be sufficient, that you’d want to give Mary the furniture.”
want it.” John heard the weariness in his own voice. Anger gone, he could now feel his heart cracking apart behind his sternum at his own words: Divorce - he’d said it out loud. But, he thought, Sherlock was the one who stiffened when John as little as tried to kiss him goodbye these days. Sherlock was the one who treated John more like a flatmate than a beloved spouse.
"I think I know that room. If I can’t find him there, I can give him the book after dinner tonight ..."
"Sherlock, I'm sure you can hear me. Please, give me a sign that you’re awake."
"Do you have medication that you can take for it?"
“Why can’t you tell me what this is, Sherlock?”
Week after week passed and I tried to delete the man who had been the center of my life not so long ago. In the meantime, I persuaded myself to contact Jonah, who, angered he learned that Mycroft had not contacted me, had provided me with Mycroft's telephone number. When I hung up with Jonah, I hesitated only for a moment before I dialed Mycroft’s number. After the second ring the connection went dead. Incredulous, I stared at my mobile’s display, which quite innocently read "call ended." I tried it two more times that day and then several times in the following days, each at different times - the result remained the same.
When I was sure that there was no danger, at least for the moment, I let him go, letting him fall limply as I stepped to Sherlock's bed, pressed the alarm button, and tried to reach out with a handful of tissues from the bedside table to remove as much oil from his skin as possible.
"You can’t?"
Sherlock held John’s gaze for a long moment before answering, “Later. I’ll tell you, later. Just. Not now,” and dipping his head once again to kiss John and press his knee between John’s legs again. Sherlock’s hands deftly dealt with John’s belt and flies. “Bed,” he murmured between kisses and John wholeheartedly agreed, pressing Sherlock away gently and preceding him down the hallway to the bedroom, kicking off his jeans and shucking his shirt along the way.
“Wait! Let me just…”
I had begun to read the book that had been laid on my bed by someone yesterday evening. Well ... not
No answer, just a slight shake of the head, then he sank back into the pillow. I stayed at his side to intervene in case of emergency. I thought bitterly - could it be
Watson rose and took Holmes’ face into his two hands. He smiled brilliantly then pulled his partner down for a quick kiss, laughing against Holmes’ plump pink mouth. “Holmes - Sherlock - you are most spectacularly ignorant of current terms used by men such as us.” He gave Holmes’ cheekbone a quick peck and released him, lest their landlady catch them in their tender embrace. “And it’s quite adorable.”
"Please ...." I breathed, "Do you really mean that I've just made this up?"
"In this particular case I think it is exceptionally fitting. You have piqued my interest. "
“Okay, get ready for the show. Just make sure no one calls an ambulance.”
Quickly I scanned the page that indicated the date in the left column and the names of the visitors in the right column. If this Mycroft Holmes had already been here, it would be an advantage if my signature would look as similar to his own. However, today only four visitors were registered and none of them bore the name Holmes. I tried to write as neatly as possible, because only an elegant font seemed to fit the picture of the rich brother in my mind . I would have to work on overcoming my prejudices later.
“I’m sorry, Sherlock. Based on Dr. Watson’s past behavior when you were living at Baker Street, I honestly just thought he was having a fling to pass the time until you returned. You remember the endless string of girlfriends?”
“Last I checked, you’re not a cat. You’d be ok. It would have come out in the end.”
"Here, have a drink." I held out a glass of water from his bedside table after he stopped coughing. He shook his head and tried to speak but it was only a near-silent croak. Furious, he clenched his fists before pointing to his neck, shaking his head again and shrugging his shoulders.
"I can’t find anyone with that name here ... Can you tell me his date of birth?"
Pink, raw, new
"I told you that I gave up my studies after my mother died." He hesitated. "It was a very difficult time for me. I have no brothers and sisters and my father fell into depression with grief, he was hardly approachable and I simply could not stand being at home anymore. Instead of studying for my exams, I'd been drifting. At first, my friends tried to help me, but they also had to think about their future and had no time and probably no desire to go out every night. I got to know new people - the sort of people who promise you heaven and earth and know that they will not keep their promises. I tried to deaden my pain by partying every night. But at some point a new day came and with it all the thoughts I tried to suppress so stubbornly. I just wanted to forget. And if you want to forget, and run with the wrong people, heroin seems like an acceptable alternative. "
"I would like to do that very much."
But today, this May day, with the quality of the Spring sunlight just right, he intended to think of what might have been. Just this day, this one day a year when longing overtook reason and he allowed indulges.
"And where exactly did this Mr. Sherlock Holmes live?"
I took the cellophane bag Billy offered and sprinted up the stairs.
During breakfast, I never was so happy about the omnipresent silence as I was at that moment, because as soon as my eyes fell on Brother William, who barely touched the food on his plate and seemed to almost exclusively partake of tea today, I felt both hot and cold. In the next hour I would have a hard time dodging him, because along with Brother Jonah, we were on kitchen duty once again. I almost wished that the Order would have invested a small amount of its funds in the purchase of a dishwasher. However, since this was not the case, I found myself standing between the two young men in the kitchen again, after we had cleared the tables together. The tasks were clearly divided - William rinsed, I dried and Jonah put the dishes away in the cabinets.
After that everything happened very fast. I took him by the arm and led him over to the bed, as he had done to Jonah earlier. Brother William's condition seemed to worsen with each passing minute and I preferred that he be lying down in case his circulation failed.
"Thanks, but I'd rather do this in person rather than on the phone," I replied.
"Mycroft took care of the matter."
"Jonah, you've got a concussion, it's not a good idea to read now - you're overburdening your brain with it. It would be better if you were sleeping a lot. And if you would eat something. You hardly touched the soup. "
"I honestly have never seen a swarm of bees close up and was curious. Brother William took his time to show me everything, it was a really nice gesture. It’s been incredibly fascinating. "
God how I hated to toot but needs must. It was so
I took a step back and raised my hands to show him that I would not cross the limit he set.
He no longer knew what to think about any of it. About Sherlock, about Mary, and most of all about himself.
"Jonah, look at me and try not to squint."
"You're not like him," I said quietly, "You've proved that people can change. You have managed to defeat your addiction. Now look at what has become of you! "
He blinked again with his eyes and only then did I notice that he was not wearing his glasses. I looked around and soon saw them on the floor under a shelf - just how should I reach it, as long as the young monk clung to me? I groaned; this was far more difficult than I had imagined. Was the shelf stable enough to hold the weight of a grown man for a moment? I could only hope it would.
“Oh god, you’re right. Bin it. Now!”
Sherlock recoiled as if John had struck him. “What makes you think…”
His penetrating glance rested on me, his forehead was creased with wrinkles. It seemed as if he was going to infiltrate my thoughts to look for an answer to his question. Suddenly his features relaxed and his lips opened, breathing a soft 'Oh'.
"Yes, of course, his wounds had to be stitched and he will have to stay a few more days for observation, although fortunately he is not as badly injured as he first appeared. I just do not understand your request - that you felt the need to look for Brother William, after you were nearly a witness to his poisoning and made sure that he got immediate medical treatment. But you hardly had any closer contact with Brother Francis, or am I wrong? "
The petite woman at my side shrugged and leaned back.
You could.
"I can’t trust anyone," he grumbled, "Not even you."
"There's no need to worry about it, it's not customary to sleep undressed, we just take off our clothes for showers."
"Take care of him, Doctor Watson. Promise me. "
“I’ve been gone two years, John,” Sherlock murmured as his brow softened.
! Christ, Sherlock, I spent half our grocery budget on that wine!”
I could not avert my gaze, almost as if a voice from my past reminded me of how I had liked to visit the Sunday Mass. I thought back to the day when I first received Holy Communion.
John straightened into his Captain Watson pose. “Right, then. I’m off.” He glared at Sherlock for half a minute. Sherlock thought he caught a glimmer of something softer – regret, forgiveness? But it was gone before Sherlock could even identify it.
John felt the tips of his ears warm from Sherlock’s praise. Then Sherlock’s text alert
The monk cleared his throat. "We have to set off now if we don’t want to be late."
"Apart from confession - no."
"No. You don’t know him. He can be a very good actor when he wants to, but no one could lead a life like ours with such sincerity if he did not wholeheartedly embrace it. "
"Naturally."
last night at two a.m.!”
"I beg your pardon?"
This was the decision that sounded good to me. It would, after all, not hurt to learn a little more about the community. That I would also escape even the chance of an encounter with Brother William, of course, was only secondary in my thoughts. In the seminar room I again met brother Jonah, who beckoned me over happily; already I was convinced that I’d found a valuable companion in the young man, to help me on the way to self-knowledge. At the beginning I felt a little out of place, being the only one in civilian clothes among all the friars in their habits, but my unease did not last long, the teacher, Father Andrew, couldn’t be much older than I was, and was a true jokester. He knew how to infuse a rather dry topic with refreshing lightness, always made his students laugh, and made sure that the hours flew by.
“Take it off me. I dare you.”
“It’s … personal”
"And there are no exceptions conceivable in which he would take a break from his vows?"
He stood, slipped his mobile into his jacket pocket and calmly pushed in his chair. Someone was waiting who wouldn’t snipe, rave, and sneer and Sherlock couldn’t get out fast enough.
“I don’t think it’s so bad. What about that song from The Grinch? It’s worse.”
I swallowed. My utterly selfish plan to persuade him to stay in the hospital room to keep him close to me would not work out - and maybe that was a good thing. The priest was right, I could not sit at Jonah's bedside all day so he would not get bored - and I did not feel lonely myself. In fact, he asked to return to his room before because he felt isolated.
The next morning Jonah caught me in the corridor right after the morning Mass and took me aside.
He dabbed his handkerchief over his lips - leaving new blood stains on it.
"He's still in a coma. His condition is unchanged. "
Memories of times he and John had spent in that large, soft bed broke through Sherlock’s iron-clad resolve to put Holmes-and-Watson behind him. He sat up in bed and dropped his head into his hands, tugging roughly at his hair while he constructed a crate in his Mind Palace. Shoving those memories inside, he double-bolted the lid.
"I don't know."
He just shrugged and sighed softly.
Too many confused thoughts filled my head and made me forget my surroundings so much that an opening door had almost hit my forehead. I started and stood aside, to see Brother William leave the Priors' office and, with his head down and his lips pressed together, passed me without even looking at me once. According to his facial expression, he had actually just received a telling-off and as much as I had had the sense that he would be reprimanded for his behavior - now I suddenly felt sorry for him. I was so distracted from seeing him that I did not even notice how Prior Lambert stepped in front of me.
A mischievous grin crossed his face. "You will not betray me?"
“Eighteen months. I suppose that would have been a respectable mourning period for a
"Maybe you should ring one of the local residents and just ask."
"Tell me everything!" He urged, his eyes shining, listening intently to my account of yesterday's events . When I told him about Brother Francis's attack on Sherlock, his hand flew to his heart in horror.
, Sherlock! If I’d given you notice, it wouldn’t have been a
John’s mum had done everything she could to make sure her son caught Chicken Pox before he turned seven. As neighborhood children broke out in the rash, she arranged play dates. But no matter how many times John played with his feverish friends, even sharing drinking cups when his mom grew more desperate, he never came down with the childhood disease. When Harriet started scratching, Mum had John sleep in her bed - that didn’t work, since even as young children, they never got on. They spent a few nights hugging opposite sides of the mattress and ignoring each other.
"That wasn’t an accident," croaked Francis, "He hit me!"
During the entire trip back to the monastery, I thought about my strange encounter with Mycroft Holmes. This man was not only unpleasant to me - he really scared me. His advice to keep away from his brother clearly sounded like a threat and I did not doubt for a moment that he would find ways to deny me any contact in the future.
John and Sherlock never celebrate an anniversary. Sherlock thinks it’s a stupid societal custom intended to force people to patronize expensive restaurants and florists. John can’t decide which date would constitute their anniversary.
"I can’t go to see him."
"I leave it all up to you what you want to call me."
John nodded, knowing Mycroft could see him via the hidden cameras. “Okay, Mycroft, okay. Your way. I’ll read the messages. But then I want to talk to Sherlock.”
Sherlock quickly followed John’s command. John stepped up behind him, pressing Sherlock to sit back on his feet. In this position they were nearly the same height - John relished the opportunity to lick and nip Sherlock’s neck while pressing his erection into Sherlock’s cleft - a position that would have been impossible while standing. He held Sherlock’s waist with one while the fingertips of the other grazed Sherlock’s cock lightly. Rolling his hips, John growled into Sherlock's ear, “Do you want it? As much as I want you?”
Sherlock was folded into a window seat with John in the middle seat beside him. To John’s left, a corpulent American businessman reeked of gin, hogged the arm rest and spilled over into John’s space. The flight was full – not a seat empty. The flight crew seemed harried and distracted; the coach cabin was overheated and stuffy. John pressed against Sherlock to avoid the sweaty businessman’s encroaching shoulder.
A black towncar idled at the kerb as the cab pulled up to the registry office. “Oh for god’s sake, how did Mycroft find us out? Did he bug our living room again?”
"You promised you would help me!"
"Why didn’t you call the police when Brother William was poisoned?"
"Is something wrong with Brother William?" he interrupted. His voice sounded as worried as mine now.
"Yes. And if you wouldn't mind, I'd like to end our conversation now. I still have work to do. "
"Brother William, I want to ... just listen to me for a moment, okay?"
Finally he turned his face toward me. I started a moment when I registered the dark circles under his eyes.
With a quick glance over my shoulder, I told Jonah to get help while I dealt with William, who insisted on sitting on the edge of the bed.
"That's why I wanted to speak to you. Like I said before, I do not think it's good for him to be alone so often - I know that you care about him, but even you can not keep an eye on him all the time. When do you think he will be able to participate in religious life again? "
"PLEASE!" I yelled into the phone, "It may be life and death!"
It was only when I was standing right in front of him that I realized how unjustly nature had distributed body size to us - he surpassed me by more than one head, so I felt like a frightened little schoolboy who was called to the rector. He, however, returned my almost timid greeting with a friendly nod, and went ahead into the garden.
, Sherlock thought.
John’s mouth actually dropped open in shock. “You called your brother? Surely you could have thought of someone else.”
"There are more important things right now, John."
“Oh god yes.”
"In the
Father Andrew nodded as I said good-bye, while a blush crept up my cheeks - he had to have noticed that I wasn’t holding a book ...
"I can visit him every now and then, Father Andrew too, and I'm sure the other novices will take care of him. Is there anything else to consider from the medical point of view? "
"Who are you? And what did you want in my brother's room? "
"Because I'm afraid that she might be right. Maybe I'm really not in a position to get involved in a relationship. "
"My brother doesn’t have friends."
“Is it really that bad being snowed in with me?”
Sherlock sighed, wondering if he should tell the man that simple inserts in his shoes would cure his hip pain. Then he noticed how the man’s shoulder, arm and leg were crowding John, and the curled-upper-lip-My-God-Are-They-Gay expression on his pudgy face.
I looked around the room. I didn’t know exactly what I searched for but there were not many places in the cell to hide things. I decided to systematically search for something that looked out of place.
Pausing at the foot of the stairs to assess the situation, Sherlock heard the tale-tell scraping across the upstairs bedroom floor once again. John was going back to bed. Perhaps the pain in his broken ankle had abated. Perhaps a few tears had helped. Perhaps he’d heard Sherlock in the bedroom below  - Sherlock hadn’t even attempted to be quiet - and realized that Sherlock was awake, so he’d clammed up.
John nodded.
"I know. My artificial knee joint always causes problems when the weather changes. "
The next morning was uneventful. Brother William, as usual, had appeared at early mass, and for the last time had taken his place at the extreme end of the choir stalls. I was secretly happy that his banishment would end with this evening, since he seemed extremely lost when he was not between the other brothers, but among those novices, who had only been part of the convent for a few months. He was also sitting in my direct range of vision, so I could not miss how absently he was behaving this morning. Tired, on the one hand, but also absent-minded; several times he did not respond to the psalms until after a short delay, and he seemed to be very ponderous when he fell to his knees for the silent prayer.
She smiled happily and instead of grabbing my outstretched hand, she pulled me straight into her arms.
Immediately after he recovered, the novice looked around frantically, but did not find what he was looking for.
John pulled out Sherlock’s chair, quickly cutting off Sherlock’s speech. “Dinner’s all ready. Pour the wine while I get it.”
“Yes, Sherlock, I did record the conversation and can send you the file. I’ll also send over a transcript of the conversation. But why would John believe it’s genuine? Might he just believe I had the conversation faked?” Mycroft sounded weary.
God, the excitement of it all. Each time could lead to so many different feelings: dominance, submission, tenderness, roughness, making love, or fucking. John missed it.
Shocked, Sherlock's eyes widened further. He tried to grab my hand, missed, and began to sign. "What's wrong? Did I do something wrong?"
John dropped his head and let his shoulders sag. Sherlock, asking him to pray. Sherlock Holmes, High Priest of the Church of Atheism,
For a moment we both fell silent; it was an unpleasant silence and I did not know how to act towards him. He was not just any patient, he was ... what
Then later, once he invented his profession, the long curls became his trademarks - along with his Belstaff. (And maybe just a
. With a deeply satisfied groan, John added his own release to the mess on his belly, and Sherlock kissed him through it, kept kissing when John’s mouth went slack, kept kissing until John was once again able to return it to him. At last they broke apart when Sherlock lowered himself to his side, facing John, and leaned his cheek against John’s shoulder. John circled Sherlock’s shoulder and they lay loose and quiet while they caught their breath.
"No objection, for today you are laid off, sleep it out, and if tomorrow is better for you, I'll see you tomorrow morning. John, may I take advantage of the fact that you are a doctor just this one time and ask you to accompany Brother Jonah to his room? "
He put a hand in my back and pushed me into a nearby room that was equipped with several round tables and comfortable chairs. A small fire crackled in the fireplace and some daily newspapers were lying on the mantelpiece - though not the lurid tabloids that had always been found in the lounge of St. Barts.  Open  cabinets held various board games and there was a bookshelf, too. A broad grin crept over my lips when I inspected the books: The selection ranged from Agatha Christie and French poetry books to Stephen King. My mental image of deadly serious monks who did nothing but pray and read the bible was completely destroyed. The air around me buzzed with a happy chatter - some monks exchanged ideas, played a game of Parcheesi, sat by the fire enjoying the warmth, or made music. The sound of a violin wafted over to me from the far corner of the room and I turned around abruptly to see who was eliciting such magical sounds from the instrument; I myself had not even made it through more than two years of clarinet lessons in school and since then I had always felt a great admiration for people who mastered an instrument to perfection. And now that person stood before me in the shape of Brother William.
“What about the bathroom? It’s down here.”
Anger burned in the pit of John’s stomach - anger at Mycroft for never telling him that Sherlock had faked his death. How could the man have thought it appropriate to let John think that Sherlock was dead? How could Mycroft have let him wallow in misery for months and months without giving him at least a hint that it had all been staged? John’s hands clenched. What had Mycroft been playing at? Why had he pulled away almost as soon as Sherlock’s ‘funeral’ was over? Why had Mycroft let him mourn, when it was evident to everyone who even slightly knew John that he was drowning in grief?
It was only when he started to turn a bit to the side that I realized that I had unconsciously placed my hand on his thigh, where it still rested.
I had not seen him answer monosyllabically before. He seemed genuinely worried and I didn’t quite know how to respond, for I had no idea what criteria the Brothers used to decide on the addition of a new brother to their ranks. The only thing I could do was to distract him a bit by talking about harmless topics like the beauty of autumn nature, my fascination with Sherlock's bees, and the impressive architecture of the monastery. Jonah must have noticed my intention behind this conversation, but readily agreed. He had just turned my attention to a squirrel leaping from branch to branch as we heard footsteps in the corridor behind us.
Drawing a shaky breath, John admitted to himself that he’d throw it all away in a heartbeat if it meant he could have his old life with Sherlock back. He’d willingly never see Mary again, ditch his job at the clinic, his new friends in the suburb – all of it, for one night with Sherlock. And he didn’t trust himself not to do it. That’s why he could not, absolutely
Mycroft nodded, two quick snaps of his head. “John, there are things you don’t know about Miss Morstan. Things I need you to know before you make any hasty decisions.”
"Yes, but ...", he stammered, embarrassed, trying again to overshadow the uncertainty with a smile, "I slept badly, that's all."
“Come on, Scrooge. You’re acting like shopping is the seventh circle of hell. It’s only the second.”
"Not now, John. Please, let's talk about it later. "
"The way he behaved in the last few days ... well, how could one describe this condition? Introverted, but not in a good way. I admit I've been worried about him since his
Allright. What can I do to help?
Sherlock couldn’t suppress the broad smile that flashed across his face. “He wasn’t too kind.”
Even before I could finish my sentence, the door slammed shut in my face with an angry snort.
I returned his timid smile.
;  a compilation of some of his favorite classical pieces executed flawlessly by one of the world’s finest chamber orchestras. Beside him, John plugged earbuds into his phone and took out a book.
"As long as it's just the neck ..." the dark-haired man said succinctly, but then he pulled up a chair and sat down in front of me so that our knees almost touched.
Sherlock had taken a seat at the kitchen table while John spoke. He sat forward when John fell silent, an eager expression on his face. “Go on.”
"This is brother William, he currently works in the fields of herbal medicine, therefore he is, so to speak, a colleague of yours," Father Lambert introduced him to me and he finally turned around. His bright blue eyes pierced through me, leaving me momentarily speechless.
But could that really be? Apart from the fact that they attended novice lessons together and sat side by side in the choir and at meals, they seemed to have little contact. After all, what I had learned from Brother Francis, he aspired to study theology and then be ordained a priest, which is why he already spent a lot of time in the library and with those monks who also chose this career.
Reaching out to touch his shoulder, John murmured, “Sherlock?” He could see that Sherlock’s hands were trembling. Sherlock’s chest expanded to maximum capacity, then he let out the breath on a shaky sigh. He kept his face averted and his head braced in both hands.
I gave him a serious look with raised brows, but did not want to say anything else. I was sure he understood that I was trying to make him talk to me, but we did not know each other well enough that I would have been able to push him any further. Still, I wished I could have done something for him, since he was obviously depressed.
"How is Brother William?"
"I wish for him nothing more than a happy, harmonious relationship with a person who makes him happy, but he refuses to abandon his plan. Even if it means that he has to renounce the love of a man to whom he feels drawn from the depths of his heart. "
"One thing I don’t understand.  On one hand, you say Francis acted at the behest of these drug traffickers, on the other hand, you are apparently sure that the attacks on Jonah and on you were hate crimes."
"Don’t you want to lie down again? Too much stress is anything but healthy for you. "
She laughed bitterly. “I said
"I don’t know how he should have done that - it's almost a ten-kilometer walk to the next town and he doesn’t have the money to buy a bus ticket."
Sherlock glanced at his watch. “I suppose I could…”
John relished Sherlock’s reaction: moaning, letting his head drop back onto John’s shoulder, Sherlock flushed deeply. With a final bite to Sherlock’s neck, John let go and growled again, “Then get yourself ready.” He took a half step back and watched as Sherlock swayed backward, trying to maintain the contact between them, then swayed forward again to avoid falling. He scrambled to find the bottle he’d tossed on the bed earlier. Once procured, Sherlock slicked his fingers and reached between his legs, sinking the tips of his first two fingers into his hole. John’s prick twitched at the site - Sherlock, legs spread wide, leaning forward on one elbow while two fingers of the other hand disappeared into his body.
John wanted to bite, to rip Sherlock’s white flesh and watch his scarlet blood well up. They were
But now - now. Now Sherlock is angles and planes and firm and hard, arms and legs fuzzed with wiry hair, jaw rough with five o'clock stubble, fingers bony, limbs ropy. And it’s glorious, the brand-new sensations under his palms, against his limbs, his belly. Deep-voiced sighs to match his own. Large hands on him, large mouth around him - god, everything about Sherlock is so big.
John was amazed that Sherlock had asked. Wasn’t it evident that he was writing
At that moment he must have seen someone, for he beamed and waved to a person who seemed to be behind my back.
"Can I help you, John? You seem to be looking for something."
OK, Sherlock. You could have let me in on this plan, you know.
“I’m told it is the season for good will toward men, so I am going to try to not hate it. You are a man. Thus, I will show you good will by…”
"Excuse me for the disturbance, I’m looking for Mr. Sherlock Holmes, he is said to have lived in this street, but unfortunately I don’t know the ..."
"Have you vomited since then?"
Sherlock felt the shift in John. He released his grip on John’s still-weeping erection and instead gripped John's hip as he began to move, slowly and carefully thrusting his cock between John’s muscular thighs.
He smirked. "You do not have to ingratiate yourself with me, just show me if you can get along with pots and pans."
"I can not force anyone to get checked out."
The blond looked at me questioningly.
I shook my head as if to scare the thought away; it was just nonsense. What motive should Jonah have? Poison was generally the weapon of choice for jealous women ... I stopped. Jealousy. How many times had Jonah talked to me about William in the last few days and about the feelings he supposedly held for me? Again and again he had come to the conclusion that he would secretly give me longing glances; I had been given a drawing of William and Jonah made it clear to me more than once that Williams romantic interest clearly belonged to his own gender. Had he just wanted to test me to see how I responded to it? Did I say anything that could have aroused Jonah's jealousy and incited him into such a deceitful act? I pondered over these questions for some time but couldn’t come to a conclusion.
him - wanted so badly to consume Sherlock, to take him and own him and never let him go. He pressed his aching prick into the flesh of Sherlock’s buttocks.
For the first time since I had met him, he looked sad.
"Can you move them?"
"Come, sit down again."
"I know - that's why you love me ..."
"Oh, the ..."
“My treat. I used to spoil you, remember? Even if it meant skipping lunch for a week, I’d buy you little treats.” John smiled fondly at the memory of how thrilled Sherlock had been at the smallest treat when they were just starting out - a jar of really good raspberry jam, a single daisy, a few sheets of fine writing paper. It used to take so little to make Sherlock happy.
“Sam,” Sherlock said loudly over the dance music. “I think you should get me a drink, Carlos, before we dance.” Sherlock stuck out one hip and crossed his arms across his chest, the picture of a young man on the prowl.
Blood tests confirmed that John suffered from varicella zoster infection - Chickenpox. Other than quickly transferring John to an isolation room and making him as comfortable as possible, there was nothing the doctors could do. The only antiviral available at the base hospital was Tamiflu, which did not treat varicella zoster infection.
“Is it someone trying to get to you through me? Is it something to do with this terrorist thing you talked about?” John’s tone of voice pierced Sherlock’s heart. It sounded as if John blamed Sherlock for being kidnapped –
I helplessly threw my hands into the air and stared at him blankly.
Jonah shook his head defensively.
We both turned around and saw Prior Lambert, who stood with arms crossed in the doorway and reproachfully looked at us.
