Sherlock opens his eyes. He is in 221B. Laying on his couch. John is leaning over him. A worried look on his face.
“I was under the impression that these brave souls were to be given citizenship here once their work was done. They can’t stay in Afghanistan. It is too dangerous for them.”
Sher calls out to his most beloved child. His voice cracking in tearful emotion. Asmaan looks up to John for confirmation. He smiles at her. Kneeling, he presses her hand in Sher’s direction.
Sherlock stood in the fire that attempted to consume him. His heart blazing hotter than any fire could. He begins to walk towards an unknown goal. Not knowing what lay ahead or behind. Striding confidently, knowing not what imperative drives him. Only certain that the journey must be made.
“I thought it was bloody marvelous.” John is cutting up his sausage.
They let their love envelope them, like a sweet, summer daydream. Fusing them together on a molecular level. They are one soul inhabiting two bodies. A love that others covet, that none but they will ever experience.
(-_-)
(-_-)
The Holmes estate looms on the horizon. John and Sherlock sit in the back of the Bentley as Fredrick drives them towards their next meeting with the Queen.
an exaltation
“We want you to go to her. She knows you, trusts you. Bring her home to her father. That is my request John.”
“So what’s on for today?” John is munching his share of breakfast.
“I never imagined a life...like what we have now. I never imagined any kind of future where I was joyful and exuberant. Holding John’s face in his long elegant hands. Sherlock kisses the thin lips that John offers up.
Sherlock leans back from the hug as John grips him tighter, cringing inside and out. “You’re never going to let that go are you?”
Sherlock heads for the elevator. Wanting to see what his father is up down in the lab.
John fills his extra large breakfast plate and walks it over to kitchen table. Turning back, he brings several cups of steaming tea along as well. Sitting down, he sets an extra fork and napkin next to his plate. Rumpled and sleep worn, Sherlock emerges from the sitting room via their bedroom into the blinding light of the warm kitchen overheads. The aroma of breakfast having brought him to the table as surly as clotting blood beneath a cooling corpse.
Sherlock takes the mobile, tucks it into his Belstaff. “Spook Skype.” The corners of Sherlock’s mouth tip upwards.
(-_-)
“Yes, that was the plan, John. Yet as you know, the wheels of bureaucracy do not turn quickly or smoothly.”
Sherlock presses an interesting little known button which allows him to lower the armrest. He gathers John into a one armed hug. John leans into his consulting lover. A smile hovers on his lips. Closing his eyes he is going to rest.
There is mention of murder and rape in this chapter. If these are trigger points for you please don't read.
“I see you.” He speaks to the serpent perched on his shoulder who smiles at him.
(-_-)
Sherlock attempts to be suave as he picks up a triangle of toast with amble amounts of jam on it.
be involved.”
“Obviously, John is a dog person as well as a Sherlock whisperer.” Frank is ecstatic that his idea looks to be a good one.
Sherlock is quietly content to allow Lance to sniff him. Since he is also covered with John’s scent, Lance is also considering that he, too, will find a place in his heart for Sherlock Holmes.
(-_-)
Frang brought tea and scones out to the dinning area where Absurdia sat typing onto a tablet.
that creation wrought.
“Great. I’ll drive. I’d like to hear more about John.”
Sherlock coughs, gripping his triangle of toast with strength of a Goliath, so that it won’t be lost to him forever.
From everywhere, night begins to fall. The fire flowing upwards into the starlight.
Then out of nowhere, Lance lifts his paw to place it on top of John and Sherlock’s joined one.
outshines a heaven full of stars.”
Leaning in, Frang kisses his wife’s temple. “With that done, I think I’ll retire to the surveillance room to monitor our boy’s progress.
John lowers his gaze. Then quirks a questioning eye at Sherlock. “Is this your doing?”
“We call it Specter Vision.” Frank intones. His own constrained smile mirroring Sherlock’s.
“Sher, oh you mean Lion. Yes, he was our Afghan interpreter. Great guy.”
Sherlock bends down low so that he is on the child’s level. Showing her his empty hand, he closes it quickly, then opens it right in front of her. To her amazement there is a tiny fuzzy cloth doll in his out stretched palm. Deftly he plucks the doll up and offers it to her. Eyes wide she takes the miniature being into her diminutive hand as she beams at Sherlock. Rubbing the soft cloth against her cheek.
“I think it was the other way around, actually.” John smirks.
Standing in the fire, the serpents happily circling about him. Happily? Can serpents be happy? As if on cue there is a staff in Sherlock’s left hand. Curious and curiouser.
Sherlock fingers his wedding ring. It is a simple gold band. He touches it often. Gently twirling it round and round. A soothing motion.
“Are we in hot water?” John asks eyes a twinkle at his pun.
Taking their seats, they hold hands. Sherlock can feel John’s tension. What can he do to help his doctor save two lives? How can he help his John?
Father and son enter the lift. Frank takes a mobile from the breast pocket of his jacket. “This mobile is connected via covert satellites. It will enable you to contact me from anywhere at any time via voice or visual.”
Frank strokes Absurdia’s long white hair remembering when it was short and ginger much as Mycrofts’  had been as a youngster.
Standing slowly, John takes her by the hand. Leading her to where Sherlock waits.
They’d been an odd coupling. A crazy, cart-wheeling mix of strangely exotic, homicidal hunting genius and a homebody, crack shot surgeon who has the courage of a herd of lions. It was love at first site for John. Sherlock had “seen” the real John, but it took a number of heart beats for him to find out just how desperately he needed John in his life.
“It was as bloody marvelous as it was magnificently unprecedented. I’m not sure what got into you?”
Our love, resplendent;
Sherlock moves to his side. Encompassing John in a comforting embrace. John accepts Sherlock’s empathy; looking up into Sherlock’s eyes, he gathers himself. Then he leads Sherlock to return to Absurdia.
“What does it say.” He hesitates a moment as he stares at John.
“When can WE leave?” Sherlock states succinctly.
“Did you just love poem me?” John rolls onto the prone body of his lover to peruse his face.
John is basking in the feel of family. His own fractured and deceased family was never like this. It is good to be a part of this adopted family where he’d always felt accepted, honored and dare he say unconditionally loved.
Hesitatingly, Asmaan walks toward the man who is supposed to be her father. He speaks soothingly. Softly, words so familiar and loving. As each step brings her closer to him and further from her fears. Till finally she is running into his arms.
“Da, you remember!” A surprised Sherlock tilts his head as he honors his Da with a genuinely humorous grin.
“Sherlock, it’s been too long since you’ve visited. I’ve several experiments that you might find interesting" Frank easily distracts his son.
“Do you remember Sher, John?”
“We are going to have play it by ear on how she handles this. I’ve told her that Sher is alive and waiting for her in a far place. That we have to travel in the air inside a big bird to go to where he lives. I’m not sure how much of all this she understands.”
They both laugh at that image.
Everyone is at dinner. Frederic, Negara, Sherlock, Frank, John and, of course, Absurdia Holmes.
(-_-)
The union of Asmaan and her beloved father. The United Holmes-Watson front. One plus two is three. Coming together and find new strengths is what it is all about.
“We are all accounted for, Absurdia. Now, how can we help you?” John puts on his best helpful doctor face.
“Asmaan, how is she?”
John and Sherlock look at each other questioning the sanity of all in the room.
“No body knows why we were called here.” John confides.
Matching Sherlock’s long stride, Frank clears his throat.
Absurdia gives them both a smile of gratitude mixed with heart felt pride.
John’s smile broadens, lighting up his face. “I feel the same way. Our life is better than any fantasy I ever could have imagined for myself.”
John approaches a small child who stands watching the other children play. “Asmaan.” He speaks to the child in Dari. As the child turns, Sherlock can see she has Down’s Syndrome. Sherlock feels a pang in his heart. Observing closer, he can tell she has suffered from severe malnutrition. That is why she is so very small for her age.
Sherlock shakes his head at the name. “I will keep in touch. Would you like to come with me to the flat? We can talk further.”
“They do make a great team don’t they.” Absurdia places her shorter more compact hand over the longer, more elegant hand of her dedicated husband as they lay curled around each other in bed.
“None other.” John smiles, relief and love spark his eyes.
A marathon of primal sex ensues.
“We should do something for John. To show our appreciation for all he has done for Sherlock and for us.” Frank suggested.
“I would like you to take charge of a transport for me John. You are the one person who can do this vital job.”
Gently, John ascends onto the bed. Gathering Sherlock up in his strong embrace.
He munches it causally while he sips his perfect tea. Humming at the wonderfulness of John’s breakfast world. The next triangle of toast has apple butter on it. His second favorite toast additive.
“You are going to show me how you do it when this is over.”
Lifting his chin, in slight defiance. Sherlock breathes deeply and moves to sit in the chair next to his doctor.
“I’m hoping that sometime in the future he marries his Doctor.” Frank’s smile is whimsical.
“Clayton, you can come in now.” Abs barely raises her voice.
This was totally new, somewhat exciting and at all times a fascinating undertaking. Because making slight, barely discernible changes in John, found Sherlock experiencing inner changes too. How strangely captivating.
(-_-)
Sher sits in a wheel chair. His face swollen from treatments. His head swathed in bandages. Even John has a hard time believing it is the same man he had known in Afghanistan.
“We,” Sherlock blinks, “are barely alive after a night like last night.”
“While you are doing that, I’ll go home pack several overnight bags for us.” Sherlock turns to leave.
John is always enchanted by Frang. It is like looking at what Sherlock will become as he ages. The same tall lean physique. His once shock of dark, curly hair is now snow white and the excess drawn back into a neat ponytail. Laugh lines crinkle around his eyes and mouth; his broad smile is beyond beguiling.
“Any idea what’s up?” John inclines his head, hoping to find some information about the summons.
John and Sherlock have arrived at the base where Asmaan is being cared for.
After everyone is settled, tea and cake is been proffered and politely snarfed down.
“Don’t you have minions to perform your little tasks, Mummy. Hundreds of minions waiting for you to snap your fingers or put out a black ops order?” Sherlock gives a perfunctory snap of his elegant fingers.
Holding both John and Sherlock’s hands, Asmaan walks into the hospital where her father is waiting for them.
John stands suddenly and moves to the back of room. Clearly overcome with the tragic events revealed.
Sher looks to John as he holds his daughter tenderly. Silently, he says thank you, again and again.
“There you are.” John smiles at him.
“He is here. Unfortunately, he was unable to bring his family with him immediately.” Absurdia begins.
The autumnal rains are falling outside. The fireplace burns bright, giving the sitting room a rosy glow and a comfortable warmth.
Sherlock slows his pace. “He’s remarkably, unremarkable.”
“He’s doing remarkably well considering the loss of several of his family members and the diagnosis of brain cancer. His prognosis is guarded. He is stressed about his daughter. They both will be better when we get them back together.”
“Let’s think about it and him. He is a profoundly good man. To accept Sherlock; with all his eccentricities and flaws. To love him as much or more than we do. We will have to come up with something extraordinary.”
“John, Frank and I wanted to honor you for all that you have done for our family. For our Sherlock.”
(-_-)
Ahead of him, serpentine shapes emerge from the fires edge; slithering into view. Sentient forms, they turn about Sherlock in ever tightening circles. Reaching inside his Mind Palace, sending spears of sharp thoughts towards the fiery forms; he impales them. They writhe in never-seen-before grotesque motions. Sherlock registers a distinct pattern to their death throes. What is this? Confusion starts to filter into Sherlock’s brain. Illusion, delusion, dream or dementia?
Sherlock immediately perks up. Attention fully placed upon his father.
Though there are a few rough patches as they made their way home. Asmaan clings to John as he comforts her as much as he can. Sherlock is always there. Steadfast. A smile and a magic trick to make Asmaan laugh in delight or gobble up offered magicked chocolates.
Dr. John Watson, with the help of a lawyer who owed Sherlock a favor, took care of all the legalization to set himself up as a non-profit. Even hiring a nurse practitioner to cover for those times when he would be chasing Sherlock around the streets of London.
“What would you propose?”
John is always gobsmacked when he enters the lift at the Holmes house and descends into the larger reality that is underneath the elegant mansion home. Beneath lay a technological complex; teaming with people whose sole mandate is to protect and serve the British people; and, yes, of course, the world. Some of the individuals are in training, yet the majority are working to their greater purpose. All the marvels of modern technology are present here, as well as old school spy craft. John is beyond delirious with visions of James Bond running through his head. Even though he has nominal access to this nether spy world. It is enough to give him illusions of being in league with his favorite spy.
Contains graphic descriptions of violence and rape.
John managed to turn himself slightly to look out of the mouth of the alleyway.
Mycroft had more or less turned the hard chair and the rollable table in Sherlock's hospital room into a make shift office from which he works. He doesn't want to leave Sherlock, not now not after he had been gone for so long and so much has happened to his brother.
"What is it?"
“You can’t.”
Mycroft Sat in his hard hotel chair as he looked over the paperwork he needed to finish. He had been gone for months trying to fix some countries poor political system and he wanted nothing more than to go home. But there was still work to be done.
Mycroft doubted that Sherlock had actually signed away his right to privacy and distributed his own medical records to people he didn’t know let alone trust. Especially since he was trying to keep under the radar until he was comfortable admitting he was alive on his own. And yet there he was staring at the paper that was obviously filled out and signed with a rather decent forgery of his Brother’s signature.
He wanted to die as Moran began to move and pain radiated up his spine with each thrust. A pained groan escaped his lips with each movement from the man above him and it wasn't long until one of Moran's hands had come to grasp the back of his head and pressed it into the carpet.
"Y-yes I do Myc. Its my fault...I went out and I got caught." his voice cracks and tears start to well in his eyes. "I-I was r-raped because --"
The squad room was still abuzz with activity the next morning, the room holding a low buzzing murmur as they discussed things amongst themselves, but Greg was just waiting for the hype to die down and for the select few that wouldn’t have an issue trying to stir it up again, those were the ones he would have to look out for. The last thing he wanted to hear was one of his officers shout how much Sherlock deserved whatever happened to him for whatever reason they supplied.
"John" he breathed and the blonde looked up at him. One side of his face scratched, most likely caused by the brick building. Blood had trickled down his face from his nose and there were tear tracks down his cheeks.
He wanted this to be over, he wanted this to be done with. He wanted to stop existing.
Deeper in the box, were what he was hoping he honestly wouldn’t find, and as he pulled out the manila folder from the box and placed it onto the desk, his blood running cold as he flipped open the file to find papers he had seen before, some of which he had signed off on, others had only been seen by the physicians that had treated his brother after he had been taken up to intensive care. He flipped through the papers, eyes scanning the notes and such she had most likely read, though what she would have done with the information was unknown.
Sherlock repeated his ministrations on the other side of his lover’s neck, though this time John tilted his head to the side, allowing for easier access to that expanse of skin.
“I am not the enemy here, Sherlock is.” She began before he even had a chance to grab the thick file from one of his staff members that were waiting for them.
Sherlock’s mind wandered as John helped him back into his bedroom, where he sat on the edge of the bed, refusing to look at John, who broke the silence. Sherlock knew he would want answers, though he wasn’t sure if he wanted to give them.
It wasn't until they had exited the cab and approached the building did something feel off and John had told sherlock that it would have been best just to head back to baker street. They entered the building, finding it empty, but before they could turn around an exit, someone had hit them on the back of the head. Now they were stuck in this predicament.  John looked towards moriarty before making his way to the bed.
The doctor curses himself as he hears Sherlock digging under the sink in the washroom for the medical kit kept there. it was one of the few times that their positions have changed. He is the one that needs to be cared for and Sherlock is the one doing the caring and Johns not sure how to feel about it.
Mycroft nodded as he rubbed his forehead. Of course there would be something.
"They'll take my words and twist them john, newspapers and tabloids are infamous for turning things into something their not. You know that. In fact you said it yourself. You saw what that article Kitty Reilly wrote about me did. That just wasn't a few things I said she twisted around, it was my entire life.” Sherlock countered, his eyes focused on John’s face as his hands twitched at his sides before coming up to rest on John’s sides.
As he pulled the rope away from John's wrists he noticed how low John's jeans where.
“I-I’m afraid Myc. I’m afraid of what they’ll do to me.”
"Give him a few days before you start asking questions. If he doesn't want to answer, leave him alone. He'll tell you in his own time."
Safe.
“I need to be up anyway.” Sherlock mumbled as he made his way to the window to stand for a few moments while he woke up properly. He had taken to standing near the window more than lying on the couch, but John assumed that was because he could see those who passed by and made an attempt to enter, since he was certain the backdoor had been bolted shut since Mrs. Hudson had left. It was Sherlock’s way of making sure that he was safe, that no one was going to just walk in and take him.
Mycroft pauses a moment before nodding taking a step closer to Sherlock, his hand still on his brother’s arm.
Sherlock nodded as he closed his eyes for a moment before opening them again as he allowed John to wrap his arms around him.
The government official followed the nurse behind the double doors and down a long hallway to where he suspected lead to the patient's rooms. Their footsteps echoed on the tile of the floor as they walked and Mycroft's heart began to pound as they paused in front of a door. The hand written nameplate underneath the room number reading. Holmes, S.
He stops scrubbing when his shoulders began to ache and the water began to run cold and it's no longer a choice. Sherlock shuts off the water before he begins to shiver and steps out of the shower carefully, telling himself the pain is from his shower and not from the rape.
“I am looking for John, there was a note in his flat that he would be here.” She said with a smile, it seemed to be warm and inviting but it didn’t quiet meet her eyes, not that it mattered anyway. Why did she want John? Was this another one of his girlfriends?
Sherlock’s hand were shaking as he threw books across the room, tears streaming down his face as he tried to determine what he had done for that image to be out there for the world to see, what had he done for the world to know he had come back on his terms. The room behind him was a mess, things scattered everywhere.
Did John know about the previous attacks on his brother? Or was he oblivious to what was happening to Sherlock?
"It’s alright Sherlock, It’s fine to be upset, but I need you to breathe."
"Myc..I'm sorry." Sherlock's voice was hoarse from disuse.
Sniper- Top Marksman
The detective nodded as he slowly stood from his chair, his long and lank form unfolding as he stretched, his arms now just wrapped loosely around himself, more for reassurance than anything else.
A twisted smile forms on Moran's lips before his leg comes forward, hitting Sherlock in the stomach, knocking the air from his lungs.
The blonde nodded slowly and attempted to take a deep breath. He felt pathetic for panicking as he calmed down. It was pathetic for someone like him to panic. He refused to meet Greg's gaze, instead choosing to look at the blanket across his lap.
"Somethings are more important than putting some useless political system into order."
He placed the file upon the table and slowly opened it.
Sherlock uncurled himself from the chair and shuffled passed his brother as he removed his suit jacket and flung it on the back of the pink arm chair before following. They were quiet as they entered the bedroom, Mycroft moving to sit on the side of the bed that remained empty, his body perched on top of the covers as he pulled the pillow from against the headboard before placing it on his lap as Sherlock got under the blankets.
“That was a nice game you played out there, but don’t you think it’s time to come back and rest for a bit dear?” Sherlock asks, his eyes dancing over the others face as they begin to scowl.
Anger was surging back through Mycroft’s veins as John went quiet, it was obviously not the detailed version of events, but it was enough to get a clear picture and it matched up with Sherlock’s admission that he had been forcefully taken by two different people on James Moriarty’s orders.
Sherlock stands under the hot spray with his eyes closed for a moment, allowing the hot beads of water turn his alabaster skin pink. After what seems like forever he opens his eyes and sets grabs the flannel he leaves on the shelf and his soap and gets to work scrubbing his skin. He works the flannel into a lather before dragging it across his skin, the scent if the soap washing over his senses, drowning the smell of blood, sex, John, and Moran. It provides a momentary comfort.
John found himself standing in front of the hospital double doors. He was weary of entering after his last encounter there with Mycroft. At first, he thought it would be best just to stay away, but he couldn’t. He was supposed to be Sherlock’s friend, though after all that he had some, he certainly didn’t feel like it anymore and obviously the least he could do was stop by to see him.
Mycroft focused at the task at hand, taking care to upload the shot to the database before clicking where he wanted it ran againt.
“I can’t do this” Sherlock answered. “I-I can’t do this anymore John.”  Sherlock’s voice broke as he spoke and his breath came out in a huff followed by the sound of muffled sobs.
Greg was waiting outside the door for them and he waited until John was being wheeled out of the room to walk ahead. He would get his car and pull it around front, and once the other two men were inside he would take them home.
“I missed you and I wanted to see you.” Mary stated once he had placed the bags on the counter and moved to put away the purchases.
Sighing, the brunette flopped ungracefully onto his bed, closing his eyes as he laid face down on the covers listening to the sound of cupboards being opened and closed and the clinking of glass as the jars were placed on the counter as they were taken out of the bags. He shifted slightly and sighed, it seemed like a cowardly move, hiding from John, but in all honesty he didn’t want to see him leave and leave him alone with his demons
“That’s enough play time for now, don’t you think Sebby?” Moriarty’s voice came from the room on the other side of the opened door “It’s time for your toy and his pet to go home now,  think we have had both of them long enough.”
“She was, I just wanted to make sure that nothing was left overlooked, I did not wish to come and see you and give you a false sense of security.”
“John’s not here.” Sherlock murmured into the phone. Mycroft could hear the sadness in Sherlock’s voice, the defeat. “John’s not here.”
"Sherlock." Greg's voice came over the receiver before he had managed to greet him.
The wood creaked under his weight as he walked and his heart was beating unusually fast in his chest as he took a deep breath and stepped up on the landing.
It takes a moment for his sleep muddled mind to process the fact that the person ascending the stairs is not John. The gait is off and the way the stairs creak tells Sherlock that it is someone taller and heavier than his flat mate.
Sherlock flopped down on his bed, closing his eyes as he breathed in the scent of his duvet, He didn’t want to leave London, he didn’t want to give the people the idea that the media had driven him away, he didn’t want Moran’s people, if any were still alive, the satisfaction of knowing he had left London, they would think that he left because he was haunted by the thought of the sniper, not that they were wrong, but he didn’t want to prove them right.
John set his jaw as he heard the way Sherlock’s voice crack as he asked his question and the doctor vowed that when they found the bastard who thought it was a great idea to make a profit off of his friend’s suffering, he was going to make them suffer. The detective had been through enough without this trying time making front page news on every print news outlet there was in the city.
“I know you saw yesterday’s paper with that piece about Sherlock on the front.”
He doesn't tell them his little brother is more important than their political issues.
He was trying to keep his composure, hold in the sounds, though he was gasping in pain and moaning with discomfort with every movement. That was until John shifted the movement of his hips and his cock brushed against his prostate, it was an unwelcome jolt to the rest of his body, he knew that it was usually a spot that created pleasure but that was the last thing he was feeling as John’s cock brushed it again.
There is nothing more than the government official to do other than to sit back and watch over Sherlock. The anaesthesia has started to wear off along with the other medication he was given, meaning he was starting to spend more time awake and less time asleep. Though his hours spent awake are spent silent and unmoving, as if he is afraid both will cause him pain.
It took less than twenty four hours before there was a rather large group standing outside the door of 221 B Baker Street as if they expected Sherlock to come prancing out wearing his deerstalker ready to retake his role as detective, but that wasn’t going to happen, at least not the way that they thought it would. Sherlock had no intentions from moving from his place on the sofa, he had placed the doorbell in the refrigerator, he had locked the street door and the door to the entry way, all comments had been disabled on his blog, his number had been removed from the contact area and he had even turned off his mobile to stop the onslaught of messages that had started to come in not long after John had calmed him down. In fact it was now John who was staring out the gap in the curtains to the people standing around the door.
"Did you think you could get away from me?!" Moran snarled as Sherlock collapsed onto his side. He weezes out a breathe as Moran begins to kick him viciously in the stomach, legs, and ribs. Pain explodes through Sherlocks body with every blow.
Mycroft calls Anthea on his way back to London, asking for a car to pick him up at the airport. She doesn't ask questions instead just says one will be waiting for him on the tarmac before telling him what Hospital Sherlock has been taken to. He takes a moment to smile as he hangs up. Of course she would have known why he was coming back, she would have known he was leaving when he checked out. He'll have to get her a nice gift to show her his appreciation at some point.
“It doesn’t matter.” He said after a moment as he turned to head towards the window, he didn’t like this, being put on the spot. It would have been better if John hadn’t been standing on the landing to hear part of their conversation.
He stood in front of the window, his pale hand pulling back the sheer curtain just enough that he could see out to the street below but those who looked up in a quick glance would not notice him standing there. This was Sherlock’s thinking and look out spot for the most part, at least when he wasn’t sprawled out on the sofa with his hands under his chin. He had been there since John left for the clinic a few hours before, watching, waiting.
"Did you think you could escape Holmes?" his voice is dark with anger as he speaks and Sherlocks heart beats faster in his chest. "I own you don't you remember?" moran's breathe is warm against his neck as he leans in to lick the she'll of Sherlocks ear. The feelings makes his stomach roll.
The government official packs up his belongings and calls the People he has been working with. He tells them he needs to leave. Family emergency.
There wasn’t much to pack, he had acquired little during the last few years and what didn’t belong to him would be given back to Mary when he dropped it off that was if she didn’t show up here first. He had yet to confront her about what she had told Sherlock they day she had gone looking for him. He had no idea how to express his anger at her statement in words, even when he ran what he was trying to say through his head, they came up flat and didn’t seem to hold the emotion he was going for. Though he was hoping that the words and the weight of them he was looking for would present itself the moment he finally came face to face with her. Until then, however, he had other things to focus on.
It took Mycroft a moment to answer.
"You don't have anything to apologize for." his brother remarked as he sat on the side of his bed. Mycroft reached out, hesitantly, to touch the side of His brother face. "You were having a nightmare, lashing out because of it isn't something you need to apologize for."
Sherlock didn't miss the tightening of Johns grip on Greg's shirt cuff at the offer.
Today was one of those exceptions. Mycroft wanted to see him. He wanted to talk about Sherlock and to Greg that was important. He loved the brunette like a kid and he wanted nothing more than to be of some help to find the bastard who had hurt him in such a vicious way.
“Sherlock are you alright?” John asked him  again as he moved into the room and towards him, his pace feverish and his voice laced with worry, most likely thinking someone had gotten in while he had been away.” Did anyone hurt you?”
“This isn’t going to get any done any quicker if you stop every time I make a sound.” Sherlock stated, he just wanted to get this over with, to put an end to this humiliation and the show Moriarty was getting.
“Get me the number to the clinic, I want to have a nice long chat with the director, I want them to know that this means for their dim future.” He stated as he tossed the paper down onto his desk as Anthea left. The older Holmes sighed and closed his eyes, leaning back into his chair, allowing his mind to wander to the ways he was going to make the clinic and the person was at fault pay for this misdeed. It wouldn’t be as painful as those who set Sherlock up to be kidnapped, tortured, and raped by Moran, but it wasn’t going to be a walk in the park either.
“I went because I wanted something that resembled normal... I just want things to go back to how they were John.” He mumbled again as John’s hands gently grabbed his arms.
Greg moved As quick as he could without jostling John as he went.
A whimper escapes Sherlock as Moran pulls out of him and he can do nothing but lay there as the sniper rights himself.
He wasn't certain about what John was hiding from him, but he had figured it would be best if he took his car to look for the blonde. Just in case he had to rush him to the hospital.
“Yes Sherlock?”
." Mycroft spits his name as if it is something vile in his mouth "Do you know what it means if he is in the hospital? It means he is injured. Seriously, because He wouldn't come here if he had to make the choice himself!"
"I-I think I see a car across the way..."
“What can’t you do Sherlock?”
“Of course”
Mary looked at him for a moment if she was weighting her options, and the fact there was a small crowd that began to gather was not working in their favor for any type of altercation.
“Shall we try this again?”
i'm sorry this isn't progressing very far very fast and the chapters aren't that long, but I am getting stuck here and there.
The officer looked up towards the door as he heard it creak open, to find Mycroft stepping out with Sherlock not that far behind him. It was strange to see Sherlock so subdued, trying to make himself smaller in order to fit behind the older man as he walked towards his car. But he attributed that to the fact that there were people who wanted to talk to him, ask questions, and the like. He and Mycroft exchanged looks through the glass, the ones you see in those movies were the parents are divorced and share custody and no ill feelings towards one another, as Sherlock made his way to the car.
The sound of the stairs creaking startles Sherlock awake from the sleep he didn't even remember falling into.
Mycroft sorted the papers accordingly, those having to deal with the consulting criminal would be placed into storage with everything collected over the last two years while everything else was sent to other departments for investigating. The work was boring, and something he should have assigned someone else, most likely Anthea to do, if it had not been so important. Mary had been the last member of the web and she had been so determined to finish out her assignment so there had to be something there, something in all of the papers that would tell him what he needed to know.
"Virginity is a construct of society." Sherlock replied and Moriarty grinned as he looked at John.
John's hand flexes around his phone "How is this my fault?! I have a life outside of just him, since when is it my full time job to be his babysitter?"
“I can’t keep doing this. I can’t. I can’t do this alone anymore.” He was upset, distraught. Everything that had occurred over the past few months had finally caught up with him. And here John was, standing in a flat he didn’t want with the wife he didn’t want either on the phone with Sherlock as he broke down.
"It's not. I fear he was being abused without anyone being any wiser."
"Where are you? What happened?"
Mycroft tried to wrap his mind around the fact that not only had someone raped his little brother, but apparently they had done it numerous times.
Just outside his office, he could hear the squad room alive with activity, out there was a room of people who hated the younger detective for whatever the reason, most of them hated him because he pointed out the flaws and short comings in life, their secrets, then there were those that just hated him because he was different, and they now had everything they ever needed to get back at him for everything he had done to them. And he knew that they were going to use it to their advantage, but that was if Sherlock ever decided to come out of his flat again and if he didn’t Greg couldn’t blame him, how could he? Not after everything he had been through and he knew that whoever had done this was going to pay, and by the time they got through the line, they would be begging Mycroft for such an easy out.
"It is not okay." The detective repeated, more to himself than to John who had told it otherwise. It wasn't okay to cry was it? that was all he seemed to do, allow tears to stream down his face. Society had always claimed that a man showing anything resembling emotions was considered weak, but he wasn't was he? John didn't think so, Mycroft didn't think so, Greg didn't think so either...
His fingers danced across the screen before putting the mobile to his ear, listening to the phone ring before there was a groggy answer at the other end.
Mycroft backed off slightly, his eyes sweeping over John looking for any signs of deception, but there where none. He still had half a mind to send John away before ordering his execution, however he knew that wouldn’t be fair to Sherlock especially if John truly knew where to find Moran.
John wasn't as easy to read as Sherlock would have liked. The hospital gown made things difficult but by the abrasion on John's forehead and the bandages around his wrists he had been restrained and most likely knocked about the head.
“But that isn’t right Sherlock you should know that… Why don’t I stay? I am sure Mycroft has other things he has to attend to, elections and such.”
John shivers again, his teeth sinking into his bottom lip as his cock grows harder at Sherlock’s soft, teasing touches. Soon the touches alone isn’t enough and John’s hips jerk forward, pressing his groin firmly against the other man’s. Sherlock’s half hard cock is obvious through the thin fabric of his boxers and the feeling of his erection pressed against John’s own is utterly delicious.
“There are certain things that have to be discussed and they concern you, this is the easiest way to handle the situation.” Mycroft answered. “All you have to do is stand to the side and listen, nothing more Doctor Watson.”
He closes his eyes and shifts his weight as he moves to lean against the pane of the window. The glass is cool against his skin and offers him nothing but a reminder of the coldness in the flat now that he's alone
John didn't believe a word sherlock said as he shifted his weight slightly before slowly climbing up on the bed. This was the last thing he wanted to do, even for his own life, but there was always the premises that if John didn't fulfill his part of this, the criminal would would just send someone else, someone who wouldn't be kind or considerate to the fact sherlock had never engaged in any type of intercourse before.
Sherlock silently begged for his torment to come to an end as he hid his face in his arm as Moran's thrust grew frantic and rapid and with one final thrust, He came deep inside the younger man. Drawing a scream from his already hoarse throat. Moran stayed buried inside his victim for a few moments before withdrawing from sherlock's body with a sickening sound, his legs slipping from his shoulders as he slid off the bed and tugged up his jeans. His eyes dancing over his handy work, taking in the man's debauched look and he knew then he wanted Sherlock again.
The army doctor yawned as he made his way into the kitchen and switched on the kettle for morning tea before making his way towards Sherlock’s bedroom to make sure he truly was alright. The door was cracked open enough to allow him to peer in. Sherlock laid curled up on his side, facing the door, his chest slowly rising and falling as he slept what must have been the first time properly in the last few days. It felt good to know that in a few days’ time that things would somewhat resemble what they had. He would be moving back in, back upstairs to his room, and he would be able to keep an eye on Sherlock much better, make sure he slept, and ate and help him with his nightmares as much as he could.
He came without warning less than ten thrusts later, his ejaculate coating cupboards under the counter he had braced himself against. The clenching of his muscles brought Sherlock over the edge a few moments later, the brunette thrusting four more times before burying himself deep inside his lovers body as he came.
“John” Sherlock said once the skillet was too set in the sink to be washed later. “I contacted a reporter to get the record straight and he will be coming by tomorrow.”
"Mycroft"
"I need an ambulance to 221 B Baker Street please."
He offered a smile to the nurse as she came to check John's vitals.
"Get off of me."
The doors slid open and he stepped out onto the floor. It was easy enough to find Sherlock’s room, but he found his uncertainty give way to anxiety as he peered into the room and noticed Mycroft sitting by Sherlock’s bed.
Mycroft's face was unreadable as silence fell between them.
The sniper sees him and a sinister grin spreads across his lips.
"Can we not do this now Mycroft?" Sherlock asked as his hands clutched at the blankets covering his body. "Just...please don't make me talk about it right now. Please" Sherlock's voice sounded hallow as he spoke and Mycroft could see the tears in his brother's eyes.
“Sherlock, you are hiding from the papers, what do you think that this will do?”
“So your John’s friend.” Mary said, she was trying to be friendly, but Sherlock didn’t want to be, he wanted to be left to his thoughts and the fact he had been left out of the loop. Everyone else had to know. Mycroft knew everything and Greg was smart, but he probably heard from someone at a the pub.
Sherlock bolted straight up, the scream dying in his throat as he gained his bearings, his chest was heaving and his body was coated in a sheet of cold sweat as he tried to calm himself. His eyes burning with unshed tears as he tried to tell himself that it didn’t happen that way.
The phone call came early one Saturday morning as John laid in bed, playing the dutiful husband to the wife he no longer wanted. The sound of the mobile vibrating against the night stand woke him from his slumber. It took a few moments for his brain to register that the sound was in fact, not a part of his dream before he reached for his mobile as he slipped out of bed and walked into the sitting room to answer.
“Sorry.” Sherlock mumbled as the doors closed,
It didn't seem to make sense, if Sherlock had been assaulted before this, why had no one contacted him?
“I’m Sorry Sherlock.” John mumbled. “I’m Sorry, I’m so sorry.”
“I’ll be down there in as soon as I can, clear them off and then we can discuss how we want to deal with keeping them away from the door.”
It was a stupid question. He knew Sherlock wasn't alright. He had the proof in his coat.
“I know.”
Mycroft offered him a small smile before standing, the hands on his face falling away as he turned to make his way into the kitchen to turn on the kettle. Sherlock looked down at his hands before looking up at the man in his kitchen, it was almost like when Sherlock was in Uni and had just begun to use, Mycroft making tea to get his nerves to calm slightly before they begun any discussion on why he had chosen cocaine over studying.
“I have to come out and talk to them, You know.”Sherlock said finally, his voice soft and quiet his eyes never really leaving the patch of carpet they were studying. “I can’t rebuild my life if I don’t.”
“That is the problem, we have people standing outside waiting for him to go out….”
He inched his way down Sherlock's legs, his fingers brushing periodically over his skin, watching as his legs twitched at the touch until he reached the bundle of cloth at his victim’s knees which served as a reminder that someone else had already taken the pale man under him. It was no matter to Sebastian as he hooked his fingers under the fabric, pulling it down the rest of the way as he went until he was able to pull them of and toss them aside in a fluid motion, leaving the detective nearly bare.
With a huff the brunette reached for the device and looked at the screen, deciding whether or not he should answer it.
Mycroft's angry voice echoes in the empty waiting room and he is standing in front of John, leaning in close enough that the doctor has to lean back to avoid being nose to nose. Mycroft's chest is heaving and it takes everything he has not to slap the man in front of him with all of his might.
The brunette gradually pushed himself into a sitting position, his eyes scanning around the bedroom as he heard noise from the kitchen, his body tensing before he realized that it must have been Mycroft, unless there was someone who had broken into his flat to make tea and at this hour John would have been at the clinic. The floor was cold under his feet as he stood, padding his way into the kitchen, pausing as he saw Mycroft looking through the cupboards.
Being the British government meant that Mycroft was use to his phone going off at all hours, so waking up to the sound of his mobile going off at three in the morning was somewhat normal. The reached over to his night stand, hand patting for his phone before being able to grab it. Still half asleep, he didn't look to see who it was before he answered.
However this was different, this was about Sherlock and how well he was healing and not just physically. Sherlock needed support, he needed someone there and not to mention he needed to keep an eye on his brother, especially now. There were people after him, the media mostly, each of them trying to break the story first, each one trying to get the exclusive that would drive their profits through the roof. Mycroft sighed as he ran his hand over his face as he moved to the coffee stable before plucking one of the files off of the scoffed surface. It was relatively thick and impressive granting that it went back to the time Sherlock was still in Uni. It had been found in a box his people were going through from the warehouse, hidden away as if it wasn’t supposed to be found, not even by Moran. That aspect alone was unsettling, but the fact that there was someone else out there, someone that was a part of Moriarty’s web still roaming around London was concerning.  There was an individual, a dangerous one at that, who worked for these people that was still roaming free with all the tools they and the resources the needed to kill his brother. All the Identifying information had been removed, names blacked out, pictures removed, meaning there was nothing to go on other than the descriptions of the missions.
From where John stood he could see Sherlock’s chest heaving as if he had been running, though he knew that wasn’t the case. It was nearly four in the morning and he had been called By Mrs. Hudson no less than twenty minutes before. She had been worried about Sherlock and her concern colored her voice as she spoke. In the background he could hear what sounded like muffled cries of pain and he had wasted no time changing his clothes and getting into the car and making the ten minute drive to Baker Street.
"I can't go home." John finally spoke, his voice soft, softer than either of the other men had heard it. "I have a shift at the clinic."
It took some effort for John to hike his jeans up high enough for him to fish his mobile from his pocket.
“Sherlock, I’ll be there in a few minutes alright?” The question was more rhetorical than anything, he was going whether Sherlock found it alright or not. “You don’t have to do this alone and I am not going to let you. I am not going to let the man I love do this alone.
The clue he was looking for, came in the shape of a medical release form those typically given to new patients so the physician can request a copy of their medical file so they can be caught up to speed. With the fact that Mary was a nurse and a receptionist, it would not have come as a surprise if she had a blank one in her possession, however this one was far from blank and therefore should not have been mixed in with the rest of her papers. But it was, and the name that filled in the line for the patient’s name told him why.
“I’m sorry.” Sherlock said softly, his voice carrying slightly in the quiet room
John's brow knitted together as he made his way towards the door and pushed it open. He froze at the sight.
Johns Examination
Usually he would send the photo back to Anthea with orders to have one of his men search a database of photographs for a match,but this time He wanted to it himself. He at least owed that to Sherlock.
Sherlock find himself leaning into the warmth of Mycroft’s body as he buries his face in the crook of the others neck.
Sherlock nodded, his body tending st the touch before he relaxed into it. It was gentle and it was welcome.
"Sherlock."
Staring back at him was a photo, most likely taken a few years before, but the man staring at the camera looked exactly like the one he captured coming out of Sherlock's flat and his blood ran cold.
“Why am I here Mycroft?” He asked as they trekked inside the building, his fiancée now flanked by two of Mycroft’s people that seemed to be hiding in the shadows, waiting for them.
“God...No....please.” Sherlock begged as the man attempted to move his legs apart, however, it seemed as if his plea went unheard as Moran twisted his leg in such a way he had to give into the movement or risk injury. He was hurting and uncomfortably so without an injured limb adding to it as well. A whimper escaped his lips as Moran's body slid to fill the space on the mattress between his legs. The warmth of his body was unwanted and unwelcome and made Sherlock open his eyes and glance around the man to the door. He was hoping, praying, that John would somehow burst through the door, armed, with every intent on saving him from the pain and humiliation that was only moment away. However, as the sound of Moran's zipper being undone and the rustling of fabric, he knew John wasn't coming. Not this time.
"If you need anything, call me."
Sherlock didn’t remember falling asleep, the last thing he remembered was laying his head on the pillow Mycroft had placed on his lap and the feeling of his brother running his fingers through his curls. It had been years since anything of that sort had happened, well at least since Redbeard had died. Usually he didn’t seek out his brother for any sort of reassurance and affection though things were different now, he was willing to admit that he needed someone to help him cope and at the moment it wasn’t John. He wasn’t even certain if John would have showed up if he had called him anyway.
“I just want to be safe Myc.” Sherlock replied as he broke away from the embrace and settled back into his hospital bed. Sherlock’s words made Mycroft’s chest ache. Ever since their parents had brought Sherlock home from the hospital, Mycroft wanted nothing more than keeping his baby brother safe and he had failed.
In hindsight, John wished he had never pushed Sherlock to going out to do the shopping with him. But he wanted to get him out of the flat, get him some fresh air, get him back use to the fact there was all of London waiting for him, them to explore, when he was ready. Now there was no way Sherlock got to make that choice of when he announced he was still alive, someone had taken that from him now too.
The dark tinted windows allowed Sherlock to see out and for no one to see in and that was a comfort, it meant he no longer had to hide the fact he was out and about in London. It had taken Mycroft’s driver approximately ten minutes to arrive after Greg had helped him to his feet and called his brother. Mycroft had asked nothing more than his location, and for that Sherlock was grateful, he had made enough of a scene as it was. Greg had waited with him, just outside the police tape, not saying anything but just giving him the silent support one would get from a parent, and in essence that what the Detective inspector was to him, even if he never voiced it. As the black Mercedes came to a halt in front of them, the silver haired man opened the door for him and he slipped in silently.
The kettle and tea had been abandoned and now Mycroft as back in the sitting room, this time across from him in the pink arm chair. He was leaned forward slightly, listening. As if he knew that this needed to be said.
“We were given an order and I have every intention of finishing it.” Mary stated as she leaned back into the chair. “It would have been finished already if Moran didn’t get caught, none of this would have mattered then, it would have been happily ever after then.”
“So does this mean…?” Sherlock asked as he leaned forward slightly, he left the question open, as if he could not bring himself to say it, like he did when he was child and asking for reassurance.
Sherlock rolls his hips first, drawing a low moan from John’s lips as he rolls his own hips in return. The sound and the friction go straight to Sherlock’s cock, which is growing harder with each movement. He leans up to press his lips against John’s, swallowing the sounds he other man makes.
Greg stared at his phone, waiting for Sherlock to call back, but he was thankful the younger man never did. He didn't want to explain to him what had happened, it wasn't his place to.
"It's fine John." Sherlock breathed, his voice shaking slightly, but John accounted that to the position he was in. "Just transport."
“About?”
It took some time to get Sherlock calm and relaxed enough that he removed his hands from his face to look at Mycroft.
Sherlock sighed as he stepped out of the car, unfolding himself while ignoring the stares he was getting from those already on the scene. They had gone quiet, but that wasn’t what Sherlock was focusing on, instead he was intent on staying somewhat in a working zone. He closed the door with a sot thud and turned to find Greg standing there, waiting for him.
"I-Alright." John's voice came out hoarse and he closed his eyes for a moment.
Greg sighed as he scrubbed a hand over his tired face.
John's heart began to pound in his chest. Greg had called Sherlock? His flatmate would take one look at him and know and that was the last thing he wanted. It was bad enough that Greg knew what happened. But he didn't think he could handle Sherlock knowing.
Contains flashbacks
“I promise no one else is going to hurt you.” Mycroft found himself repeating to his brother until he felt the tension leave Sherlock’s body
"You know what to do." And he waited until she had been dragged out the door and out of sight. With a glance to his watch, Mycroft turned on his heel and headed back to his own waiting vehicle.
“24 hours ago.”
“How noticeable I am.”
That was not what Sherlock had been expecting and for a moment everything stopped. John wanted to move back in, he wanted to stay. He looked up at the man standing before him, his hands slowly coming to rest on his lap.
Just behind the glass was Sherlock Holmes, his dark curls plastered to his forehead with sweat, his pale skin was coated in sweat and splashes of semen as he laid helplessly on the bed, pinned down by the man who laid on top of him. The detective’s face was tear stained and full of a mixture of shock and fear, the sniper could hear him whimper in discomfort and pain from what had just occurred and the fact the other man was still buried inside him.
John sighed in feigned annoyance as Sherlock began to leave a trail of kisses down the side of his neck.
The pace of John’s thrusts were becoming more rapid and the gentle rhythm he had begun with was slowly being abandoned. The grip on his hips was tightening and he could feel John’s nails scrape his skin as they dug into his flesh. Sherlock moaned out and the way he sounded it may of well as been mistaken for pleasure but this was anything but, his insides burned and pain raced up his spine and down his thighs.
“You know we’re suppose to be together. I knew it the first time I saw you, and you know it, too. I know you do.” Johnlock
He wishes Mycroft was there, but he doesn't dare call him. He's been away for weeks now on business. Attempting to fix the mess some country has gotten itself into. He doesn't want to be a bother. Instead he will sit and pretend everything is fine. He has to.
It didn’t get any easier from there, more than once Mycroft had to retrieve his little brother from the office after being sent to the headmaster by his teachers for misbehavior, and after Redbeard had been put down, it had gotten worse. The fights and the instances of bullying he discovered had doubled, now if that was because Sherlock had only confided in the dog up until he had come home and found him gone and Mycroft had become the stand in a the end of the day was a mystery, but as long as Sherlock got it off his chest that was all that mattered.
Moran's attention had shifted from the body under his to the body attempting to pull him off.  He growled in annoyance as John gave his body another tug, which did nothing more than pull him back an inch or two. The sniper slapped his hands over the pair clinging on to his shirt, pulling at the fingers, prying them loose while John muttered. “Get off of him.”
“All in good time.” Sebastian replied as he jabbed his elbow into John's rib cage, the pain and the surprise causing him to gasp and his grip to slacken, giving Moran the opening he needed. He twisted his body enough to get his arm between them and shoved John. Hard. The doctor stumbled backwards, tripping on his own feet as he tried to regain his footing, landing on the ground with a thud. Moran’s lips formed a smirk as John pushed himself to his feet, and in a blink of an eye, the sniper pulled a revolver from behind his back.
“I will look into the matter Sir.”
Sherlock Jerked his head towards the sound, jumping slightly, startled at the noise. Out of the corner of his eye he could see Greg giving him a look of concern before turning his attention to the person on the other side.
“What?” John asked disbelief colored his voice, that wasn’t much of a surprise really, why would John believe something like that? Why would anyone believe him anyway?
“I don’t know what you are talking about.” The woman replied
“Stop what?”
"I think I see a car across the way..." John had mumbled and Greg knew that John must see him as he pulled in front of the tea shop.
“You’ve got to be kidding me.” The officer muttered as he picked up the paper, his eyes scanning the headline. It was the last thing he expected to read, and the pictures that where under the headline made him feel sick and angry. While one was the usual photograph of Sherlock in the deerstalker he loathed with fiery passion, the one right beside it was one of Sherlock in the hospital. Even with the room dark and the photo partially blurred, he could make out Sherlock rather well, from the mess of curled hair that spilled onto the pillow to the way he was laying on the hospital bed. His hands curled, the paper crumpling around the edges as his eyes scanned the article quickly.
"You want me to rape him...." the words came across his lips in a whisper as he was slowly pushed towards the door, Moriarty pushing it open, revealing Sherlock tied to a bed, his wrists bound by rope as he laid face down on the rather thin looking mattress. He had been struggling, trying to escape, that much was obvious from the red burn marks around his wrists.
With one hand on John’s hip, Sherlock lined himself up with his lovers prepared entrance before slowly pushing himself inside, moaning as the warmth enveloped him. John whimpered slightly as Sherlock buried himself to the hilt inside him and as his body became accustom to the other man’s size.
The ceramic is warm in his hands and it spreads up his arms and through his shoulders as nods his
John wasn’t pleased at the fact that people had actually gathered outside of the front door like they would a caged animal waiting for it to show its face. He didn’t like the fact that they were making his friend into some sort of attraction that they could swarm in and see because the papers disclosed that he might be alive. The doctor sighed as he closed the gap in the curtain and turned his head to glance at Sherlock, whose tall body was curled up on the couch, the blue dressing gown pulled tightly against his body, his hands grasping the fabric so tightly in his hands that his knuckles were white and the fabric seemed to be moments away from tearing into pieces.
The doctor gave his thanks as he made his way towards the lift.
The warehouse looked familiar to John, though the last time he had been there it had been dark, and he had just decided to move in with Sherlock, though this time it wasn’t about the screening of people who intended to get closer to Sherlock, this was an off the beaten path for interrogation, like those that occurred in the movies Sherlock hates. Mary was the first one out of the car, followed by him and Mycroft, and if she seemed to be phased by this, she wasn’t letting it show. For the most part, nothing really showed on her face and it was more or less unsettling.
A shot rang through the room and John cried out in pain as his left hand applied pressure to his upper right arm, warm blood slowly oozing out of the new wound he was just given.
"Right this way then, Sir"
(See the end of the chapter for
"It's fine John." Sherlock muttered as he turned to look at John. "It's just transport, virginity is a just a social construct, it doesn't mean anything."
“There is still the matter of the press of course, which is something you will have to handle brother mine.” Mycroft said as he broke the silence and Sherlock nodded in agreement.
“That is hardly an appropriate answer.”
Greg never liked hospitals for obvious reasons: the way they smelled, the death, illness, and tragedy. There was enough of that on the job without him having to go visit it. Though over the years there where exceptions. When he had no choice but to push that dislike behind him and walk through the automatic doors.
He flips over the photo to look at the next one -Sherlock's pajama bottoms crumpled on the floor near the coffee table- when his phone rings. It's a text message and he flips it open to find it is from Mycroft.
”That isn’t an answer Sherlock.” Mycroft knows he is pushing his brother now, he can see it on his face. And for a moment he expects a total shut down from his younger brother.
Once he was certain that there was no chance the sniper would reach out and grab him by his coat, dragging him back inside kicking and screaming, Sherlock let out a breath he had no idea he had been holding. one. two. three. four. five steps further and he stopped, turning his head slowly to glance over his shoulder to watch the door swing shut before the sound of metal scraping against metal as it was pulled shut against the door jamb.
The towel isn't enough to cover him. He feels exposed as he slowly makes him way to the glass door that separates the bathroom and his bedroom.
The parking garage was still rather empty by the time they pulled in and that was something that Sherlock was grateful for. It meant that he could get in and settled into his friend’s office with little to no one seeing him if he played his cards right, and that was all that mattered. Though as he opened the door and stepped out, he wasn’t entirely sure if this was such a great idea, coming to sit in a building were the majority of people hated him before, but Greg would protect him right?
“I will.” He affirmed as he looked up at the man holding his door open. “I will Greg.” There was a small smile in return before the older man stepped back and shut the door. Sherlock sighed as the car began to move and he leaned against the window watching London pass him by as he counted the minutes until he was back at his flat, even if there was going to be no one there waiting for him.
Slowly, John eats the last bite of breakfast and stands, pushing his chair back. He’s going to have to change clothes and pack several over night travel cases. When Mummy calls, there is no denying that summons.
A cold misted fog approaches. Turning away from the serpent at his shoulder, Sherlock uses his right hand to stop the fog. His mind, strong and clear pushes back on the fog. Forbidding it from his presence.
“John, after dinner would you come down to the ISCS room?”
“I’ll have Mycroft arrange flights for you. Contact him as soon as you are ready to go.” Absurdia and Frank exchange little nods; then Frank turns to accompany Sherlock.
(-_-)
Clayton comes forward and hands the lead for the dog to John. Who takes it graciously. The dog turns and sits at John’s side. John extends his hand for the dog to sniff, then pats the dogs head, rubbing his large ears. The dog tilts his head leaning into the welcomed, knowing touch.
They both begin to laugh as Sherlock leans back in and kisses John with the intensity of a consulting lover.
Absurdia leans back in her chair and smiles at her youngest son and his dashing doctor. She approves of this relationship and how it is changing her son.
Negara opens the front door for them. The aged head of the household radiates a motherly warmth toward her charges. John knows that everyone who works for the Holmes’ is more than what they seem.
“It’s you.”
Frank looks at her with eyes of adoration. “Yes, but loving John has brought a certain level of selflessness that he has always tried hard to conceal.”
“Thank you, love. You’re right. I’ve been so focused on getting her to her father as soon as possible, I didn’t stop to consider how best to present myself to her. This will help us reconnect.”
Sherlock watches as John kisses and hugs Asmaan as she cries and laughs at the same time. He turns slightly so that he’s not in their direct line of sight. Eyes glistening, he purses his lips into a tight line. Taking a deep breath; he gathers himself. How can all this heart break befall such a young child?
Sherlock startles, moving swiftly away from the ‘fake John’ in front of him. Jumping behind the couch to have some protection from this impostor. This person looks like John, but the voice isn’t John’s.
Dinner in heated serving pans sit on the side board. So everyone can serve themselves.
“I think I’ll go to the kitchen and have some tea.” He turns the other way as the two Holmes’ wend their way to the lower lab.
“None whatsoever.” Fredrick answers.
“Keep me updated, lover.” Absurdia lifts her scone and tea after she has tucked her tablet into her carry bag. She heads for her subterranean office. Her calendar is definitely full today.
“But what of all the other interpreters that are still out there, Sherlock? How can we help them?”
Again the fire is attempting to consume him. He’s been here before. Sherlock takes a deep breath and examines the fire more acutely. The fire is more than fire. He walks here and there, seeking out the serpents that encircled him the last time.
“It’s okay, Sherlock. It’s me.” This time the voice is more like John’s but there a tonal qualities that don’t match exactly.
John, Absurdia and Sherlock enter her office. It is minimalist in the way of luxury. Wall to wall tech in all other aspects. John sits in a chair facing her desk as Sherlock slithers around the perimeters of the room, touching equipment; peering at screens.
Everyone laughs at Sherlock’s sudden fantastic admission.
“You did that on purpose.” Sherlock snaps.
“Impressive. Are we meant to be taking on this domesticated mammal as a crime fighting partner? Surely, you’re aware that we live in the flat that this fauna will have a hard time turning around in?”
Sherlock arches his back and grabs hold of the other man’s neck, pulling him closer against Sherlock’s form and revelling in the feel of the soft blonde hairs at the nape of his partner’s neck. Their bodies are slick with sweat and the air feels like it’s steaming around them. “Jjj~” A light hitch in his voice, “–Jjjjeeesus.” Sherlock moans as he feels a ripple of pleasure run through him after a particularly well-aimed thrust from his partner. The other man’s cock twitches inside him in response to Sherlock’s sensual groaning and grinding. He opens his mouth to bite down on Sherlock’s shoulder when suddenly Sherlock’s cell phone begins to ring.
“Look, just don't tell Mary, alright? It's Archie's and my little secret.” Harry told him sternly.
“Heroin?” John's eyebrows shot up as his mouth gave a frown in disapproval.
----------
The room gave an audible “awwww.” John mentally rolled his eyes as he continued reading, “Since a picture is worth a thousand words, I have now put together a slide-show so you could all see for yourselves.”
“Two day walk of shame outfit. Classy.” John commented. Irene simply giggled.
John didn't register the second half of that comment.“Deal...?” John repeated, “What deal? I mean... er... Nothing happened between the two of you... did it?”
“Uh huh.” The man nodded, grinning.
William chuckled putting the glass down, “Aw John you were doing so well... That's terrible by the way.”
The three men can’t help it - their hearts immediately melt and all three of them give a light laugh at her bold decisiveness.
“Psst, Harry why don't you come back here, let's see if we can't make use of those hands!” Mary called.
“What...?” Mary asked.
Sherlock nods, and clears his throat uncomfortably, “yes, well, Molly is stronger than she looks,” Sherlock mumbles, and then adds, slightly more cheerfully, “Besides they get along swimmingly. If Irene weren’t already committed and Molly weren’t so caught up in being monogamous I’m sure they’d elope. You should see them. It’s mildly entertaining.”
“No, it's just... I didn't realize you wanted that, but if it is... it's fine. I just want you to be happy, Harry, you know that.”
When John returns Sherlock is snoring quietly. That was quick. He gives the man a fond smile and steps forward, wiping him clean. He then takes a few linens out of Sherlock's closet and does his best to arrange them over the sweat-covered sheets. This is exceedingly difficult as Sherlock is lying like a heavy stone deep in slumber on his side. John finally gives up and just climbs into the bed, throwing the duvet over himself and Sherlock. Sherlock, for his part, quickly snuggles up to John, holding him close in his sleep. John sighs contently, brushing away a curl and kissing Sherlock's forehead,
Back at the clinic John stood sorting through print-outs of the mock-ups for the clinic's new ads. “Do you think she'll like these? Mary, I mean.” He asked Irene as she swirled around on his swivelling chair staring at the ceiling.
(See the end of the chapter for
Mary smiled at him sweetly and pulled him in for a hug, “That-a-boy. Alright, don't you worry about it anymore, do you hear me? No one reads that stupid section anyhow, right?” She asked as she let go and opened the door of her office to let him out.
John huffs, though he’s still smiling, “She’s at book club.”
—” and John notices how for some parts Sherlock seems to mouth along or hum as he shuffles around with little Rosie.
She rolls her eyes and finally relents. They swiftly step into the routine for this week’s quickstep challenge, and all talk about resting, the case and the production team ends as they begin to trot around the studio.
John turned, a cocky smile on his face as he attempted to hide how happy he felt looking at himself in that suit, “You think so?” He winked at them both.
“No, please, he's my friend–”
Sherlock responds with a small nod. ‘
Sherlock, still wearing his evil grin shrugs, “You wanted to be me...”
John grabbed him by the back of his neck and pulled him forward, sliding his fingers into Sherlock's still wet curls and grinding their naked bodies together as the kiss got deeper and heavier by the moment. Sherlock finally pulled away and slid himself downwards, his eyes dilated and his kiss-swollen lips looking plump and pink. He continued staring into John's eyes as he scraped his teeth against another nipple, licking and tugging at the flesh gently. John felt more than heard the soft whimpering noise he made as he felt his dick harden to a more impossibly stiffened state. His breathing grew more and more ragged and his skin felt hot, like he was on fire.
John braces himself with his arms surrounding Sherlock and grins at him, "Hello," he greets, coming face to face with Sherlock, if at a slightly awkward angle because of their height difference.
It was an absolutely gorgeous day as Harry and John walked through Hyde Park running through the wedding plans and preparations, “So, you went by the flower shop,”
“Great!” Sherlock answered, his voice sounding harsh but encouraging. John have him a look of outrage as he continued, “
Some more memorable moments included the awkward washroom conversations with the drunken grooms.
John hesitates for what feels like the millionth time this morning, “Well, I’ve better be off then. Gotta get to work,” he explains, pointing over his shoulder at the door. “I’ll... talk to you later?”
“Have you done something wrong?!” Mycroft asked, “Sherlock tells me you helped him solve a crime, but I don't see how you could have, not while you have the nerve to ask me a question like that. Take a look at where you're standing, Dr. Watson, and at my disposition towards you and make a deduction. What do you
John laughed and made to grab her luggage, “Wow, when did you start travelling so light?” John asked as he felt the lightness of the small pack in her hands.
The realization that John Watson would never love him the way Sherlock loved him had hit him hard - literally. It took John actually beating some sense into him to realize it, because while yes, John had saved him in the end and though they were still friends (Sherlock couldn’t imagine not being his friend), Sherlock had given up on the notion that John would ever see him as anything more than that. Sherlock feels like he’s a bit old to be looking into having a relationship, however, and his lifestyle certainly isn’t for everyone. He’d thought he’d made it quite clear to Josh that their encounter wouldn’t be repeated but he couldn’t fault the man for looking for hope in Sherlock’s (admittedly somewhat flirtatiously vague) response earlier. He exhales in a huff. He’s thought about it really hard over the years and he’s decided not to waste any more time or effort on his romantic notions. He should really not encourage what’s-his-name to continue texting him. Sherlock doesn’t have time to think about the other man’s emotions. He's still figuring out his own feelings, after all. Sherlock is no expert, but if he's gong to seek out a relationship he should probably wait until he's recovered from John. As he is now, he's not sure he's quite ready to give his heart away again.
“I don't know, do I?!” Mycroft thundered, “Why do you think I asked that nurse to go check on my brother? For the fun of it? Dear, god what in the hell does he see in you?”
“No, Sherlock, he likes it.” Anthea explained, looking up from her computer screen. “It's smart, biting, and entertaining. It's running Sunday on the front page of the section.”
“Oh Bloody buggering hell, fuck me!” The man screamed as he pushed John out of the way to stand in front of the mirror, not noticing John at all as he inspected his reflection and tried to wipe furiously at his suit with a linen cloth. The man was none other than cousin Leonard. He had spilled a rather large drop of red wine on the left breast of his light sliver suit, just on the pocket below his pink pocket square, and it was visible, very,
!) So I'm not sure if I went too far... is this
Sherlock looks bashful under the scrutiny, but he braves it out with another soft little laugh. For a second, just a brief second, his eyes seem to flick to the dancer next to him and John feels an odd sensation in his stomach again – as if it is plummeting further into an empty abyss. Neither the judges nor the hostess seem to notice that very slight little look, but John does and he doesn’t hear the answer Sherlock gives the judges in reply, because as Sherlock speaks John finally gets a good look at Iris’ face. He stares at it on the screen, having followed that small barely-there glance. The blonde woman standing next to Sherlock, John knows now where he’s seen her before, because while her hair colour may be different and she appears to be wearing coloured contacts there is no mistaking that all-knowing smirk. That woman isn’t named Iris Zaputannym. That woman next to Sherlock Holmes, the one that has been dancing with Sherlock this whole time, touching him, caressing him, smiling and laughing with him for what looks like months now, is none other than Irene Adler.
“Yes, daddy, hurry!” Rosie insists.
little Watson. It’s been an age since I’ve seen her.”
Both Judges look at Sherlock with a glint in their eye as they say, in eerie unison, “Dear, sweet Sherlock, who is the wicked lady that has broken your heart?”
Meanwhile, Rosie nods smiling and exclaiming “ok dahdah, buh bye,” and waves at him as Sherlock bounces her while they descend the stairs. She claps her hands at the bouncing, chanting, “Hop, hop, hop!”
John took that opportunity to glare at William or Sherlock or whatever his name was. Sherlock gave him a little pout and turned back to Harry.
“Okay, yes, very neat, I concede, but you must tell me, when will you
John looked down at the carpet. Irene stared at him for a moment then crossed her arms, “So... sweetheart, what happened there?”She asked kindly.
my brand and
John just sat there and let her leave.
There’s an awkward silence between them again and each man seems to have the same idea. They get back to their meals and Sherlock once again takes up giving food to Rosie who has been surprisingly quiet this whole time. John takes a moment to give her a cursory glance to make sure she’s okay while she chews. She seems happy enough though as she swallows and waits for Sherlock to bring her little forkful of food forward again. She grins at Sherlock before opening wide for some pasta.
“No, this is the useless rubbish, that the fifty-billion pound wedding industry has convinced us all that we have to have or we won't be happy.” Sherlock found a gold glittered statue of a pig and registered it.
John just stared at her more pointedly.
“Sort of. My wife is one of the competitors, as is my sister, but neither have gone on yet - this boy is also a dear friend, though, so naturally I can’t get out of coming,” he winks charmingly and adds, “And yourself?”
?’ John asks followed by,
“We danced,” Rosie informs him.
Sherlock stares at her, stunned. “Women aren’t really my area.” He replies automatically.
Eventually, after a whole week of waiting to see if Sherlock will ask him to help with the case, and with Sherlock dodging him, John grows a little frustrated and gives up on the hope of being called to help at all. Clearly, if Sherlock isn’t going to say something to him about it, then he is deliberately keeping John out and John is not keen to interfere where he is obviously not wanted. He doesn’t go see Sherlock, and he doesn’t watch or follow-up on Sherlock’s process in the competition. He finds that he doesn’t like to explore the feelings of uneasiness he’s gotten after the images of Sherlock embracing his dance partner had haunted him that first night he’d seen them. At first, he tells himself it’s because it just feels so wrong seeing him look so tactile and fake on a screen, knowing everyone thinks that the mask he’s putting forward is a real picture of him… but part of him – a part that he’s decided to keep buried deep inside of himself, going so far as to deny its existence even to himself – part of him is afraid that Sherlock is having fun on this case without John. That same part of him whispers darkly in his ear at night, telling him his worst fear – that Sherlock doesn’t need him anymore.
“... yes, fine, you win.” Sherlock reluctantly agreed, though his face looked calmer now, “But I'm still going to sneak into Mycroft's and
“You lied to me.” John said, in an accusatory tone when he was satisfied Harry was distracted and out of earshot.
(-_-)
“My mind is sort of muzzy and going off line right now. I’ll reboot and we will have to do a hard restart.” Sherlock laughs.
The familiar phrase hits his John’s heart and he wonders if Absurdia has ever read The Princess Bride.
“I think that makes it unanimous.” Frank states. “Shall we all take advantage of this beautiful day and have lunch in the garden?”
“I packed your camo kit.” Sherlock hands John his over night luggage. “Thought it might help you connect with Asmaan. She will recognize you more readily when you are dressed as when she knew you.”
“The new pack leader has spoken.” Sherlock admonishes with a twinkle in his eye.
Sherlock stands apart, waiting silently, watching. John is down on one knee, Asmaan siting on his bent knee listening. She appears to be limited in her ability to verbalize.
“I think she wants you to do something for her. But don’t quote me.”
Absurdia looks contemplative. “I never thought we would ever get to this place.”
“That...would be very fortuitous.” Sherlock stops at the lift. Pressing the button to ascend. He lets his eyes linger on his father. The Holmes have an unspoken body language and a plethora of telling glances; their own silent Holmesian communications. Frank knows he was away saving the world much of his son’s early lives. Sherlock only understood the full measure of his father later, when he could comprehend the observations that he beheld.
Scanning the apartment, Sherlock knows instantly that this is a meticulous copy of his living space.
Clothed only in a well used sheet, Sherlock plops down in his chair next to John; purloins his cup of tea and groans with pleasure as the just hot enough, just sweet enough liquid soothes his awaking hard drive.
“When can I leave?”
“It will be six hours plus to get there. This is a good thing that we are doing, John. It should be uneventful. A quick in and out.”
John takes Sherlock’s hand and the three walk out of the orphanage together.
“An idea?” John queries.
He makes for the door in several large strides.
(-_-)
(-_-)
Absurdia was not distant, but she too was often distracted by the great works that she was destined to perform. She always made sure that her family had some cohesiveness. Being a Spook could be an unforgiving task master. Now that those burdens were partially lifted. His parents did put forth effort to be a part of his life.
(-_-)
Yanking the door open, Sherlock feels a cold aerosol sprayed directed at his head and his body spirals toward the floor.
They both remember the rebellious young man. The experimentation with drugs. The long days and longer nights worrying about their youngest son as he carried on with his terribly exciting and troubling life.
“John.” Sherlock’s voice is lowered to that subsonic, baritone growl that heightens John’s desire to it’s highest level.
“John, so nice to see you.” Frang comes forward removing his gardening gloves, stuffing them into an apron pocket as he extends his hands to shake hands with John.
The Rod of Asclepius. The ancient Greek mythological sign of medicine. John!
“Thanks, I was worried there for a while. She doesn’t usually text me.”
“Well, that level of skills will add to our overall abilities. And John does have a great penchant for walking. So I’m afraid I will have to reconsider my original arguments on why we can not take on Lance.”
Sherlock’s kiss is chaste, turning to demanding, turning to wanton lust. John is very turned over and turned on.
Lance is equally enthralled with John Watson and begins licking and nudging at his new found friend.
Asmaan’s face lights up as she extends her arms toward John. Her joyous sounds fill the air as John lifts her into the air bringing her down into the safety of his loving embrace. She hugs him so very tight. They are both crying.
“Lights out.” Frank says to the AI controlling the inner sanctum of their bedroom and the lights turn off.
“The bad news is that his family was accosted by insurgents. His son was killed, his wife raped and murdered in front of her daughter. The one glimmer of hope was that one of our patrols was in the vicinity at the time and intervened. They rescued the child before she could be kidnapped and sold into slavery.”
“Frank.” (Frang uses this English derivative of his original name) John does a double handed shake that Frank reciprocates.
John dressed in his fatigues is ready to meet Asmaan. Sherlock is chuffed. John looks so hot in his camo kit. It still fits him like a military glove. He’s going to have to have him wear it more often at home. In the bedroom. In bed.
“Why do you say that?”
“We can head back to the flat and I can have one of my men get your purchases for you if you wish.”
From the front of the Cab, the driver threw glances Sherlock’s way through the rear-view mirror. He knew he was a mess. His hair was probably still mused and some of his chest could be seen as his shirt stretched around his body as he sat against the seat, undoubtedly showing off the marks Moran had left during his assault. he pulled his coat tighter around him and pressed his body closer to the door and adverted his eyes.
“Are you alright Sherlock?” John asked, his voice still thick with sleep as he spoke.
It had been nearly two months since he had last seen or heard from Moran and while that filled him with relief, he knew that the man would be calling soon to collect on his promise.
Sherlock sounded so young and vulnerable on the other side of the phone and it made John’s heart break.
Sherlock just shakes his head but doesn't argue.
The distain was still obvious in Mycroft’s face as he looked John over. The army doctor looked sincere and the more Mycroft looked him over the more he saw guilt, a deep-seated guilt, that weighted the doctor down and told Mycroft that John knew more than he original suspected.
John stood there for a moment, transfixed to the ground as he watched Sherlock. In a heart beat he grasped the lapels of Sherlock’s coat pulling him closer until their lips met.
“Good morning Sir, how may I help you this morning?” One of the nurses behind the counter greeted.
“Sherlock?”
John blinked
He fished for this moblie, pulling it out of his pocket and dialed 999
Greg rubbed the back of his neck as he thought. He could feel Mycroft's eyes drilling holes into him as he waited for his answer.
John knew he couldn't just lay among the boxes and trash near him. He had to get up,  had to get home. He needed help.
However it didn't seem that way as John moved forward
Sherlock remains quiet but diverts his eyes from the kitchen to the wall behind the couch. He attempts to keep his body free of tension but it's difficult.
Mycroft finds out who hurt Sherlock, we find out what happens to Moran, and Of course John's role.
The room went silent and John squared his shoulders, “I’m done here.” He announced, “I am done with you, now if you excuse me, I have somewhere to be, and it’s as far away from here as I can get.” The doctor didn’t wait for Mycroft’s dismissal as he turned and marched towards the door, he didn’t turn at the call of his name, and he didn’t look back as he walked out of the doors and slipped into the car to be taken back to Baker Street.
Maybe it was John, his hands full from the shopping and he needed help opening the door. God he wished Mrs, Hudson was still there, that would help this, help him, but she wasn’t. Slowly he stood, and made his way to the door, opening it as much as the chain he had on it would allow to find  woman, shorter than he was, about John’s height with platinum blond hair that was rather short.
He sighs as he pushes himself away from the window as he opens his eyes and turns toward the sofa before making his towards the couch.
Mycroft spends his time talking quietly to Sherlock, about times when they where little. When Sherlock would run around in stripped sweaters and rain boots while wearing a pirate hat, when they would sit on the beach with their parents and Sherlock would come out of nowhere and tackle him for a hug.
Sherlock sat at the table while John put away the dinner that Sherlock had made. He was quiet and had a look of concentration on his face as he looked down at his hands on his lap.
He was in the process of slipping his phone back into his pocket when something at the door caught his eye. He looked up to find John Watson standing just beyond the door and he stopped. A flash of anger ran through him and he pushed himself to stand.
“I hope you will, also, I plan on looking into the matter myself, since this is such a sensitive case and anyone who was aware that this was to take place will be dealt with in the appropriate manner.” The older holmes allowed the words to sink in for a moment. “Even if it means your facility has to be closed, and if it does, then I shall make sure it happens.”
Carefully he folded the paper in half once and then twice before sliding it into his back pocket as he headed for the door, he didn’t want to think of the implications of what the paper meant, at least not at the moment.
“What? Why not? You can’t leave me here.” Sherlock countered as he looked at the older man.
It had been the last thing he had expected that Morning as he tried to sort out some of the foreign affairs he had put aside, and for a moment Mycroft was rather tempted to allow his phone to sit on his desk and vibrate away, however, he did take a moment to glance at the screen to see John’s name lighting up his screen. That alone made him pick it up and glance over the message he had been sent. He had known there was a chance of Sherlock being a target and injured once more, that had been at the back of his mind since his team had found the file that currently sat at the end of desk, and the fact John was telling him Sherlock was in harm’s way was more than enough to get him to act.
Turning to look at Sherlock. John pantomimes the word ‘lambkins’ with his mouth. Sherlock sits up even straighter and gives his John and beloved Mummy a put upon stare.
The summer home that resides on the Holmes estate is really a clever ruse. Disguising a beehive of activity in the lower reaches of the multilevel subterranean structure. Apparently some spooks never retire.
The outer gates open as the Bentley approaches and enters.
The kitchen isn’t huge, but it has everything needed to produce snacks to multi course meals. The kettle is on the stove, piping hot. John pulls out a cup, a tea pot and some creamer. Shaking leaves from a canister of Earl Grey into the pot. Taking a tray with pot, strainer and cup to the nearby table.
“That last case.” Sherlock takes John into his all encompassing embrace.
“When Detective Inspector Lestrade gave his life purpose. I thought that was going to be the best that we could hope for.” Frank reminisces about that turn around.
“He’s still the curious, caution to the wind, intelligent, sharp tongued lambkins that we raised, my dear.” Absurdia states with her sensual mouth.
“Ah!” A mild electrical shock causes Sherlock to jump.
“Our boys are going to bring Asmaan home.” Absurdia beams.
John takes Sherlock’s hand in his. The contact is always welcome, but never more than in the super secret confines of Mummy’s subterranean spy-ganza organization.
“Why are we not surprised?” Sherlock ventures.
“John.”
Frank enters the office, a questioning look on his face.
“You’ve noticed that Sherlock isn’t always enthusiastic about coming when called.”
Sherlock lifts his SV mobile, one handed he dials the only number. Da’s visage appears on the screen. Sherlock nods at his father holding the mobile near his lap so that Frank can see John sleeping in his arm. Frank tilts his head minutely, eyes blinking back moisture, he gives Sherlock a loving look. Father and son communicate silently for the long hours it takes to get to Asmaan’s side.
more magnificent by far.
“It’s your mother.”
“Well, lambkins, this isn’t really that kind of undertaking.”
Sherlock smiles; his dimples show as his face lights up. John knows the dimple smile is not something Sherlock gives away often. John bear hugs his lover with all his strength.
“I know this type of situation isn’t your forte, Sherlock. You will help John. I will be available to help you help him.”
Frank and Negara clear away the dessert dishes and everyone gets up.
John’s mobile chimes and he lifts it from its place on the table.
the valleys of the sun;
Absurdia and Frank greet them with warmth and informed smiles
Looking up, into Sherlock’s eyes. John pulls up Mrs. Hudson’s crocheted bookmark, placing it in his book. He can tell that this moment needs his full attention. He smiles in anticipation.
Sherlock is already in motion. Showering, shaving and getting in fighting shape are his immediate intention.
John had been drawn to Sherlock immediately. His exotic looks, that cheeky little wink at John as he was exiting the morgue, stage left. His shark-like intelligence coupled with that look of danger in his sectoral heterochromia eyes that shimmered from sea green to icy blue. All these elements twisted and turned inside John’s gaydar. Yeah, John’s not gay, more a omnisexual being. He’d never let gender identity be a barrier to his relationships.
“What?”
John’s day had been exhausting. Relaxing in his chair now, one of his spy thrillers in hand; he speed reads as he sips his tea.
Frank comes up behind the boys and places his hands on their shoulders. Squeezing firmly. Clearly as happy and proud of them as his wife.
(-_-)
Fixing his flatmate had been as they say a ‘piece of cake’.  A manipulation of his mental state had been a simple distraction. Drawing John into his orbit and divesting him of any concerns he’d had about Sherlock as a potential flatmate was effortless.
John takes up Sherlock’s hand and kisses the back of it. Waving good bye to Sher. They leave father and daughter to begin to heal.
“Dear me,” Absurdia teases light heartedly. “were you injured by your incessant curiosity?”
“Mummy, if you are going to entangle John in your machinations. I
“Clayton says he can help us out.” She is ecstatic that Frank’s idea is probably going to be very easy to fulfill.
After speaking to the people in charge of the orphaned children at the base. They learn what needs to be done to help Asmaan deal with all the changes that are about to happen. They both listen quietly as they are advised of all that this young child has gone through so far. John and Sherlock are directed to where she is. Everyone knows John is there to take her to her father.
Mummy's task. John and Sherlock are up for it. Frang clearly wants to help too.
Standing, John takes matters into his own hands. He hefts Sherlock in an over the shoulder fireman’s carry and easily ambles towards their bedroom.
“It’s okay Frank, we’ve been resting up lately.” John states as he beams at Absurdia.
“I remember he had a lovely wife and two kids. Are they okay?” John leans forward in his chair anxiety in every line of his body.
“As you wish.” She replies her lips so reminiscent of Sherlock’s that John knows exactly where he got them from.
Frederic and Negara look at each other knowingly.
“No, not even a little.” She lifts the pot to pour tea through the strainer into each cup.
Lance barks once, wagging his tail in congruence.
Lance huffs a great breath into Sherlock’s face.
Gripping the staff, Sherlock watches as a sand colored serpent slowly climbs the thick, gnarled piece of wood in his hand. Reaching his hand the serpent continues on encircling his arm, continuing on and on.
“What the f...” John unlocks the device one handed to read the text. “You are not going to believe this.”
(-_-)
“Like a pirate captain in disguise?”
Sherlock can remember the first time he’d laid eyes on John; he’d been remarkably, unremarkable at first glace. Then as he’d deduced the doctor/soldier’s life. His penchant for danger, his propensity for protective behavior, his vast and varied sexual experiences; Sherlock had been drawn to the chameleon blonde who hid his wolf-like appetites beneath his outwardly oatmeal colored jumpers.
Sherlock comes down on his knees and knee walks over to John. Coming to rest between his spread thighs. Leaning onto those strong thighs, Sherlock looks into the midnight blue eyes of his adoring husband.
“Well, I think you’ve made a friend for life now.” John radiates happiness.
“That is the crux of our problem. She is severely traumatized. She believes her father is dead. As he promised that the family would join him in his new country.” She pauses briefly. “There is one more thing. Sher has been hospitalized with cancer. A brain tumor. He has tried calling to talk to Asmaan, but she doesn’t recognize him in his present state. He’s had medical treatments and surgeries that have affected his appearance.”
When John had proposed to and married Sherlock; Mycroft had loosened his strangle hold on Sherlock’s inheritance. On the condition that John be the steward of said purse strings. This was, of course, agreed to by all concerned.
“I’m guessing that Absurdia has asked you here?” Frank speaks frankly.
“Mycroft?”
“Yeah, it’s like herding a big fluffy, curly haired cat.”
“Is that what we are calling it now?” Sherlock gives a John a quirky eye squint.
“Does it really matter. We are here at the Queen’s behest.” Sherlock is already leading his father toward the elevators. “Are you coming John?”
John quit his job. He then rented 221C, the basement apartment that Mrs. Hudson had always been so certain she would never rent. With the right journeymen to fix up the rather large basement flat and repair the back entry way; the apartment became a non-profit free clinic for the many people in Sherlock’s Homeless Network as well as any and all that needed tending to.
{{Please be advised that your presence is required. Mummy.}}
(-_-)
(-_-)
“Sherlock, John. This is Clayton Cook. He trains recruits for the MWD (Military Work Dog).”
(-_-)
“There’s the love of my life.” John beams. “Let’s get this hard restart, started!”
“Sherlock.” John takes Sherlock’s hand and brings it to his heart. Showing Asmaan that they are heart mates. She gazes from one man to the other. Gripping John’s other hand, she moves behind John as she peeks at the very tall man.
Sherlock finds tears of joy welling up in his eyes. John kisses the tears away.
“I’m so gratified.” Sherlock runs his long elegant hand into Lance’s luxurious fur as he takes John’s hand.
(-_-)
“Hold me.” Sherlock whispers.
“Mummy, John’s not a delivery boy.” Sherlock crosses his long, slender arms across his chest as he huffs a positive breath toward John in complete support of his telling Mummy no.
Their last case had been devastating on many levels.
“Thank the stars, she’s a chocoholic.” Sherlock comments.
“The mountains of the moon
John knows that Frederick will see to their luggage. So he ambles out into garden where he runs into Frang Holmes, Sherlock’s father.
