Tony's nodding to himself, licking his lip as the faceplate goes down. "Let's go save the Helicarrier."
"Osborn, assuming it's Osborn," Tony says, "knows my tech. He's been impossible to track; he knows all the traps I've got set. I'm going to make a system he's unfamiliar with, and hopefully . . ."
"Uncle Hank, we should've shrunk. Then they couldn't've found us," Cassie says in a soft tone, and Steve's not sure if she's aware that it carries over the entire block, given her size.
"Hm," Reed says, then stretches up and up. "I'll activate the standby backup generators; I should've done that to start with, they'll feed into local hospitals."
"I wanted to taste your come, I wanted to swallow it, you'd -- be impressed," Tony says, eyes half lidded, then licks all the way up one side of his cock.
"Something is targeting lasers at you from space, you can't even put on your armor," Steve says. "And you wanted to handle this alone?"
"The portions are small, but little and often makes much," Volstagg declares, from behind six over-piled plates.
"Although, I should've figured," Reed says. "This has Stark fingerprints all over it." He holds up the Sodomizer, which looks cracked and beaten, but thankfully, not entirely broken. "What exactly are you making here, Tony? It's fascinating."
"I'm supposed to know," Tony says, sharp. "I could've – could've upped your guard. Made the whole – ordeal less public."
The water turned off and Steve could hear Tony’s gasps as he tried to breathe and handle the pain of the lacerations marking his body. Tony groaned and rolled his head back, eyes squeezed tight and teeth clenched.
In shock, Tony had paused, allowing the man to wander over his body, before covering himself defensively and furrowing his brow.
He laid back, head hitting Steve’s bicep roughly. His eyes closed, and, for a moment, he let himself ignore the repeated nagging telling him to not touch Steve. That Steve didn’t want him.
Although his hands were shackled and strung up from the metal ceiling, his head was free and with each word, he knocked the crown of his head back against the wall behind him in despair.
As always, there was no fear in Steve’s voice, just determination and a slight bit of anger towards the situation.
Tony didn’t reply at first as he held his phone up to the wall panel he was scrutinizing. “It’s a cruise. You are supposed to drink copious amounts of booze on a cruise. Check that out, I rhymed
“Dude, do you really think now is the appropriate time to sunbathe?” They had made it to the upper decks and were now gazing down at the port longingly. Tony turned his gaze at the super soldier’s profile in ticked astonishment.
“Oh yeah, Tony, because we ALL know that you are a PRUDE!” Steve flung Tony over his shoulder and held him still by grasping him tightly; Tony banged on Steve’s back like a resistant damsel in distress.
Steve needed light. He placed his palms on the dirty ground and began to crawl around carefully, patting the ground in front of him to ensure he wouldn’t run into anything. He made his way to the flickering light and stood on his good leg to reach the socket. He examined the fixture and ultimately decided to twist the bulb; it shattered.
JARVIS eventually got Tony to understand that there was no way that the AI could expedite the process of hacking into the ship’s main computer. By the time Tony let it go, it was already well into the evening, the ship had departed port, and Steve was starving. Room service times had come and gone and now the only thing open was the main dining room, the perfect place for a little reconnaissance.
“Fine, fine. But I’m not talking to him…. Don’t give me that look! You know what a jerk he can be!” Tony waived his hand dismissively at the boulder and walked out of the encampment.
The screams finally stopped. He imagined Steve unconscious or Steve huffing as he processed his pain. His despair turned to rage as if he was cycling through the 5 stages of grief within a span of fifteen minutes.
“That’s right Tony…. Beg. Beg for me.” Hammer whispered, shoving his fingers through Tony’s hole harder and harder, striking the single organ over and over again until, unwanting, Tony found the lights around him swirling and blurring as fire raged in his lower gut and jets of white streamed from the tip of his cock.
Despite the lapse in time, every day Steve would go out to the shores and find pieces of luggage or trinkets. Gold necklaces. Shoes. Shattered plates and cups. Some packaged foods, like Twinkies, would float gradually in the frothy mix on top of the water’s surface. Steve saved the sweet treat for when Tony woke up.
The genius was off like a rocket towards the bar, briskly walking along the barstools that lined it. Still walking, he grabbed a drink the bartender put down for another recipient, downed it, and then bolted out the side door towards the elevators.
Steve had pulled from his belt pouch a sewing kit. Something he kept on his body at all times since Natasha had told him the wonders that a little thread and a needle could accomplish in escape, espionage, you name it. He had gingerly sewed up Tony’s arm after the man had cried himself into mental oblivion.  Now he rested fitfully, still sweating as a fever took hold of his body.
The two stood, arm in arm, and looked towards each other, understanding and determination in both pairs of blue eyes. Steve nodded. Tony devised. Both men turned towards the dry end of the deck and hobbled together towards an uncertain future.
“What if I bring up something else?” Steve’s upper body lowered to where he could reach in between Tony’s suit-clad thighs and rub up and down, tantalizingly below Tony’s groin.
Below Tony was a wet piled of white and clear fluid, appearing viscous in nature. It ran down the genius’s legs and still dripped in long strings from the heels of his feet. Spots of red were immersed into the liquid and strands of blood spidered their way down Tony’s thighs.
Flabbergasted, Tony cocked his head to the side and blinked, before understanding that he needed to act the part of worried boyfriend to keep up the façade of Steve being unconscious.
As if on cue, Steve immediately swung his leg over the bike and pulled Tony off of the bike. He threw his foot into the kick stand, propping the bike up, turned the passion-crazy Tony around so that his ass was in plain sight of Steve’s prying eyes. He wanted a quick taste before he fucked him, a quick lick of the red puckering hole.
A large bird flew behind his head, darting upwards at the last second. Steve ducked and let out a loud grunt before casting his eyes upward to follow it. The bird looked like some sort of crane, but Steve wasn’t sure. He barely looked at it before his eyes were drawn to the brown, fibrous balls beside it.
A bright interrogation light shined onto him, making it difficult to see anything past his immediate surroundings. He could only make out shapes moving in the distance, shifting dark shadows against an even darker background.
Tony inspected the stairs on three limbs, arm tucked close to his stomach. His chest heaved as he tried to catch his breath in quick hisses. They were at the end of the ship. The stairs led to the upper floors, but at this angle, there was no way to climb them. The stairs were their last option and there was no way to make physics work in their favor to get to them.
A storm raged outside of the ship, lightning and crashing waves further drowning out the shrieks for help.
Tony stopped chewing and popped his sunglasses down past the bone of his nose. His eyes narrowed as Steve stood from his resting spot and sauntered over to Tony.
Hammer smiled, “Should I fuck him while he is unconscious Tones? Have him wake up to me pounding him… I’m sure he’ll come by my cock more than he ever did with you… maybe he’ll even get a little Stockholm syndrome and beg me to fuck him.”
As if on cue, Hammer strolled into the room, his lemmings following closely behind. They walked over to the table and handed Hammer a bottle. Justin quickly took a swig from it, setting it back down on the table with a hiss as the alcohol burned his throat.
, did you really just say that?” Tony was concerned, but that didn’t really stop him from making fun of Cap’s old-timey colloquialisms. Steve ignored him yet again.
The testosterone was now fully thrumming in both of their veins, sunburnt chests puffed out and, regardless if Steve did anything, the tension had built so much that they couldn’t help but glare evilly at one another.
Hammer’s cum tasted way too salty as if the man was eating fast food daily. Tony gargled his cum, disgusted, and then swallowed, gagging and almost instantly throwing it up, but he managed to keep the fluid down. He could have sworn that he could feel the sperm wiggle as they made it down his esophagus.
. Nor was he overwhelmed. He didn’t really feel many emotions in response to the cruise, but felt a whole array of emotions due to his cruise partner. Steve was looking around like a child at DisneyWorld and Tony couldn’t help but smile at Steve. He would get excited about minuscule things: The way the boat rocked once they got on board. The stylistic designs. The water between the ship and the dock. However, when Cap noticed Tony looking at him, he would become bashful and dampen his enthusiasm until Tony looked away.
They kept the men together, otherwise Steve would start making a ruckus by kicking and screaming bloody murder. He had held onto the other man for 5 days total, caring for him, worrying about him. Now that they were out of the crumbling Hell, Steve wasn’t about to let him die.
After maneuvering around the crowd of people that moved nonchalantly through the lower decks of shopping plazas and 24-hour eateries, they made it to the elevator and hopped in to slowly rise to their room on the 10th floor.
“Nope. No.” Tony, getting harder by the minute, attempted to pull the suit jacket back on, but Steve was quicker, and his hands stealthily threw the fabric over his shoulder. “I’ll have you know that the jacket is dry-clean only and you just tossed it into dirt- it is Armani- and STEVEN!” Tony’s shout turned into a fit of moans as Steve began to suck on his neck, tracing circles on his quickening carotid pulses.
“Sneaky son of a-“ Tony’s retort was cut off as Hammer sloppily pushed his mouth onto Tony’s, grabbing his chin so that the abused man couldn’t pull away. Justin’s tongue dived viciously into his mouth and Tony felt himself cry out, words lost into the villain’s hungry moans.
The pain from that night was still ever present in Tony’s core. He tried to stuff the feelings down and ignore them until they finally imploded during a night of harmful drinking.
Everyone but the bartender and the men on the floor had evacuated the room. Steve, a little breathless, walked around, yanking up the shirt sleeves of the hitmen to see that they all had sword tattoos.
some handcuffs, uh- a cock cage, some lovely anal beads, a vibrator-“ Tony picked the items up as he moved through his terminology.
Steve very slowly looked above him. His movements were stiff, frozen. His hair was icy from where it had been pressed against Tony’s sweaty forehead and froze. His eyelashes had crystals on them. He could see blue. Light blue with white puffs moving along it. He could see sky.
He tossed the piece of furniture to his left, boat lurching again and flinging him on top of Tony, chest to chest. The genius howled as Steve’s pecs slammed into his wounded arm. As soon as he could, Steve rolled off of him and grabbed the chains that were still looped around the piping on the ceiling.
“What a fucking god damn surprise! Justin Hammer.” Tony growled out, mostly out of anger, but also so Steve knew what was going on. Steve coughed out of habit at Tony’s word choice.
This had been his dream, his desire. And up until this point he never thought he would live through it. Now he just prayed that they made it through enough that he could tell Tony. Tell Tony about
Tony’s eyes were blurred from the inflammation and bruising that had settled in, making it hard for him to take in much of his surroundings other than that he was in a cell. His shoulders burned as his arms quaked.
He smacked his lips together, feeling the dry skin scrape along each other. His tongue felt like sandpaper as he moved it around his mouth, gracing the insides of his cheeks. His eyes felt glued shut and he struggled to open them, one-by-one. Slowly, each brown iris revealed itself and his blurred vision began to focus.
“Woah Hubby… ordering for me now huh?” The three shots had affected Tony a little, but the man still had his wits about him.
“NO!” Steve cried out and ran towards the balcony, rushing past his foe and laying his hands on the railing, looking down into the water’s depths. It was dark, and the waves were crashing into the side of the boat. Even with Steve’s level of vision, he couldn’t make out any bodies tumbling around in the ocean.
Tony’s eyes were opened a little wider and he felt the strain as he tried to determine if he knew the figure just by its size and shape. After some time, he came to the realization of who it was and as the figure let out a defeated sigh, Tony’s heart dropped in confirmation.
The smaller man was determined to keep it together. Had this been Steve’s plan all along? Bring him up here, whoop his ass, and then seduce him? Fuck that. Tony Stark would
“No.” Tony croaked, stumbling over to his desk chair and falling limply into it, face coming to rest in the palm of his hand as he tried to erase the images that played in his overzealous, tortured mind.
was, but it certainly was not comfortable and the hosts were a little more handsy than he normally sought after for his hotels. As soon as he had come to, he had fists lunging into his bare chest and rocketing against his cheekbones. When they (whoever
Justin slid his back down the wall and sighed in contentment, coming, once again, to rest his orgasm-glazed over brown eyes to his fuck toy’s watery blue ones.
Finally, Tony responded to the compliment, finishing his tie, smoothing his hair back, and coiffing his beard. “You as well…” He turned and lost his words as Steve completed his tread up the master bedroom stairs. Steve wore the light gray suit that Tony had bought him at the boutique. It fitted him snugly everywhere it counted, and Tony couldn’t help but swallow and lightly smile in awe of the bigger man’s muscles, the tight lines around his waist, and what he could make of a perfectly rounded and chiseled bottom.
Tony made contented sounds that echoed the way Steve felt himself; with the carpet still cradling his bare feet, he was grounded, and at the same time, floating somewhere between the sky and the earth. In their embrace, he was safe and content and secure.
Steve could outpace him at a run, but that was pretty much the only place. Sometimes he couldn’t help but take off in a sprint, exult in the whistle of wind, the joy of pushing off in self-propulsion, and he knew it was the same with Tony’s intellect. But whatever endeavor and whosoever led, when one cut loose and sped ahead, they made sure to keep watch, circle back or slow down for the other.
“Open your eyes and look at me.” He did. Her cheeks were bright, even through the makeup, and the sight of her was like the red-on-black void behind his eyelids brought to animate form.
Shivering with aftershocks, he dissolved the blindfold forthwith when Steve threw himself from Tony's arms, stumbling and catching himself when Tony didn't enforce the restraint the way he'd seemed to expect. Blinking, Tony recalibrated for the light as Steve put himself back together, scowling at the sticky mess streaking the front of his briefs and uniform.
Full circle, in front of him once again. Infiltrating fingers slipped inside his waistband to rest against the tails of his shirt, just one cotton broadcloth layer away from his skin, and directly over the hot liquid swirl of arousal in his belly.
Mr. Bassat came back up to see them out, and Steve set those thoughts aside. He and Tony both offered their thanks one more time, Tony again with a smattering of Arabic tossed in (Steve had inquired as to the language, as they browsed). They said their farewells, with Tony receiving a surprisingly hearty clap on the back, and Steve, another handshake. He hoped he'd see Mr. Bassat again. He could hardly say he knew the man after less than an hour, all told, in his company, but having made his acquaintance, appreciated his air of dignity, humor, and compassion, all of which seemed to coexist without clashing.
Steve's eyes were squeezed closed, and his mouth open, working on emptiness. No, no, this would not do.
"Arrrggghhh!" Clint banged his forehead with the heel of his hand, repeatedly. "Fine! I'll just say it! Did you guys bone, or what?!"
He’d felt off-balance around this woman from the beginning, but that had just intensified a hundredfold, and he couldn’t for the life of him place why he was reacting this way to the unwanted touch of an overfamiliar stranger.
He snuck a glance downward. Kneeling with ass atop heels, Tony was a graceful bare curve from neck to waistband of the low-riding black satin sleep pants that hung from his hipbones. One hand rested lightly just above each of Steve's kneecaps, and with his elbows pointing down and head bent to Steve's groin, he looked like a sleek, powerful bird in still-frame, poised to spring into flight.
Finally straightening, he unbuttoned his shirt sleeves and rolled them back exactly twice over each forearm. He glanced up. Yeah. He had Starla’s undivided attention. Her pink tongue swiped out along her upper lip, then dawdled at the corner. Her lipstick was unmarred, the expensive stuff. By the time he was done, he’d have her chewing it off herself.
Leaving Tony with a squeeze to the shoulder, he strode across the floor, pausing only to shoot a grin and thumbs-up back when he passed the Self-Care board, mouthing with a stage-whisper, "reward later." Tony grinned wolfishly in return, leaning a hip against the workbench to observe.
Dead center of it all sat Tony Stark in full sprawl on a red velvet couch, the lines of his sleek, black suit disturbed only far enough for his belt and fly to spread open. Still, he revealed no skin; white shirt-tails dovetailed around hollowed cheeks, as Steve Rogers, clad only in a heavy, adamantium-beringed leather body harness and matching cock-cage, knelt between his legs with neck bent, containing Tony's cock in the luxury suite of his mouth.
Steve's hips rolled, and he groaned, throwing his head back on Tony's shoulder, then forward, his body jerking and ticcing, and Tony knew he had him still trapped in his quandary, his rising pleasure battling his urge to fight free.
Steve nodded as decisively as he could, spoke with all the assurance he could muster, to rally them both.
Steve's back lit up with tingling streaks in the wake of Tony's stroking hands, and Tony was light and color firing up Steve’s own hands and arms as they wandered the breadth of Tony’s shoulders and the secret bony valley of his spine and the daring dip of his lower back that brought him tucking in closer against Steve with a low, chesty rumble.
Tony took the opportunity to give himself a cursory wipe-down with some conveniently provided alien towelettes, stuffing those into a pocket after re-dressing his lower half and retrieving his ruined shirt.
He stood and walked over with measured steps, fingers and thumb scratching his chin as he continued to contemplate. Squatting, he took his eldest's claw between his two hands and tugged. "Up, you big lug, lift up and look at me."
And they'd hugged before kissing, because although this was, mmmm, oh, yes, about sex, that wasn’t by far the only thing, and foremost, right then, had been reassurance and care, in murmuring voices and the woodsy smell of Tony's hair, the weave of his dress shirt, day-long-wrinkled and warmed, and his belt buckle digging a hole in Steve's hip, sundry tokens of home.
" Tony growled out his frustration with himself, wishing he could take a repulsor to whomever had invented emotions and packaged them with no instruction manual included in the box.
His thumbs pulled her open, and his shaft sank in along the length of her crack like his hand from before, only now it was her sweaty, fleshy cheeks he was squeezing together around his thick cock.
He shoved the image down, rubbed his thumb along the shell of Tony's ear, and drank in the sound of his greedy whine.
It was his hands, not his head, working under there in the tropical damp, but his nostrils flared, his breath hanging dense in his chest anyway, all within the radius of their sweltry local weather system.
It was Steve Rogers who was Tony's boyfriend, but Steve was Cap, and when it came to inspiring confidence and making all that motivational-poster bullshit feel like the towering mountains and soaring eagles really meant something, well, pep talks were practically what Captain America was
Her grip on his hand tightened almost painfully, and her features pinched, showing fine lines at the corners of her eyes and mouth. Unconscious reactions, he was nearly certain. He was hitting home with something. He rubbed what he could reach of her hand with his thumb, and the comforting gesture felt more natural than he expected.
had time for personal pleasures. Such as rubbing Steve's nose in the matters of Tony's diversion and profit that Steve couldn't touch.
Now he had the natural backstop at the wide part of his knuckles as a base for shorter, sharper jabs, and he shuffled to the left to come at her from an angle, fucking his cock against her hip in counterpoint, and getting better leverage for all of it. He scooped up her insides with his hand, putting his thumb up over her tailbone like her asshole was a grip to lift her by, while his dick rubbed and rasped over crumpled up skirt satin that his drippings were spot-dying darker.
"How do you do it, always making things so simple and clear? You march in and everything automatically forms up and falls into place, like chaos wants to reverse its polarity to placate you with order. Too bad I can't build that right into a logic circuit! And if I could, it still wouldn't be as magnetic as you."
“What was that? High-priced stud like you, I’m sure you know as well as I do how to keep yourself nice and... clean.  And no babies to be made in my asshole any more than yours.”
Tony shook his head, the corners of his mouth downturned with regret. "Ah, I'm afraid not. I know you would weave me a masterpiece, my friend, but for now, could I see what you have already made?"
“There. That’ll do nicely.” She started a slow stalk around him, like sensual, dragging tango steps. “So let me tell you how this is going to go.”
“Oh, perfect. The same, then.” For the first time, she sounded genuinely approving, like his choice of beverage had been made solely for her benefit.
Then she grinned at Roger, all hood and wolf. ”I have the private lounge reserved. Let's find out what kind of funding you can
The fantasy wasn't for sale, though, regardless of price. The reality was Tony, blind and passive, and Steve, passionless as an automaton, moving inside him.
"Oh, of course. As always, your word is only as good as your convenience. Should have called it 'Expedience 3.0.'"
He found though, that if he stopped thinking about it so much, words could be a lot like figuring the angles of his shield. They’d jumble and bounce around, rearrange themselves and rebound, returning as something he could pick up and toss back, something quirky or off the wall that would make Tony eye him sideways or share a chuckle.
Around thirty minutes later, the display flashed twice, the music faded down, and JARVIS's voice slid smoothly into the mix.
“Oh! I almost forgot.” Her hand came out of her pocket with something else balled up. She tossed it to Roger, a snippet of red winging its way over, unfurling in the air to loop over his fingers.
To satisfy the ritual, one must penetrate, and one be pierced. Hardened flesh or steel; they had their choice. The consequence, should they fail to consummate, was the death of a continent.
A man approached: sandy blond, shirtless and slim, his lower body draped in loose, light-colored fabric. He tipped his head to Tony. "May I?"
Steve stepped off onto thin air with Tony still a good two feet from hitting the landing pad, and a slight stagger to his knees as he absorbed the impact of boots to concrete gave away the degree of his exhaustion. The moment Tony cleared the disassembly rig, he shambled after, on a straight-line course to their bathroom.
Her restless hips went rolling right along with him when he rubbed the whole side of his hand up and down along her crack in a warm and sticky-smooth, wet-smacking arc, catching on the thicker, puckered skin of her rim in both directions, and feeling more slick leaking out to spread around with every pass.
He’d become reasonably practiced at turning down passes politely when he needed to, but while Captain America garnered a certain element of starry-eyed infatuation, it was still more often Tony who was approached by the bold women, all insinuating and handsy to just barely within socially acceptable bounds. Tony, who was adept at using his charm to remove and deflect, leaving them pink-cheeked or canary-eating smug, like he’d taken them for the ride of their lives without giving them an inch.
"Salah Bassat, I would like you to meet my good friend, Steve Rogers. He's an artist -- got the eye for color and design -- and he's helping me choose, today."
He dropped the empty packet and got up against her hips and this time there was nothing in the way --
“Straight shooter, never pulls his punches, hottest, hardest flagpole in the land?” he growled. He could feel her breathing quicken, the rhythmic press of her chest against his forearm where their linked hands were confined within the close space of their bodies. It rushed to his head, revved up his blood, her willingness to give over to his lead. Before he pulled back, he couldn’t resist a nibble at her bedizened earlobe, the cushiony bit of flesh carrying the bite of tiny teeth in its stone-encrusted gold.
Here, too, they knew how to tilt and glide, mingling their mouths warm and mellow, banked to a gentle glow.
When the air hit his chest, he felt wetter than before. A cold-sweat shiver skated through him, beading up his skin to gooseflesh, and Tony broke silence again with another muffled groan. That, too, danced along Steve's nerves, leaving him buzzing.
After a while, Tony let out a long sigh, his features relaxing and smoothing out. He lifted his hips to shove his soiled pants down, rolling his torso up with an appealing flex of his abs to push them off his legs. Flopping back down again, he balled up the pants and used them to give his crotch a wipedown before tossing them away. Only then did he turn his eyes to Steve, color high in his cheeks, beckoning with a loose wrist before he let the hand clap onto his chest, theatrical as always.
That bamboo wasn’t going to be anything like enough to brace her, but no matter; his muscles weren’t just for the gym. He’d hold her exactly where he needed her.
A few feet from him, Steve reached out to rest one hand on DUM-E's strut. "We love you for exactly who and how you are, no matter what. Not for what work you can do, or how fast you can go, or how many things you can put away."
Hands banding her hips to hold her right where he wanted, he stretched his jaw and sealed his lips in a wide
Tony hadn't yet told him to close his mouth, and it remained a slack ellipse after being shaped around the now-removed shaft. He slid a finger inside, pressing on the rough pad of Steve's tongue, swiping around his upper teeth, and scooping, slick and creamy, along the inside of his cheek. He transferred his finger to his own mouth, tasting it pensively. Vile, objectively speaking, stale and sour. But there was value in the possession, and his right to it, the evidence of each encounter unique, to be experienced, consumed and not squandered.
With evident pride and deep knowledge of his craft, he briefly described the workmanship and materials of each, including historical anecdotes about the origins of some of the patterns. He surprised Steve by inviting them to be hands-on, to touch and explore the textures, which varied far more than Steve would have realized, from flat, stiff, almost burnished surfaces, to sinfully soft and thick.
The phone buzzed lightly against his hand with Tony’s surprisingly quick reply. Steve hadn’t been sure he’d even see the message, much less respond.
Fuck. He'd never meant to be a parent... and still, he had brought these mechanical souls into the world. Had he--? He could hardly bear the thought. Despite every ounce of self-determination --
With a cursory smoothing of her skirt, she folded herself onto the stool next to his, lifting a careless hand to beckon to the bartender. “Bring him another, and I’ll have… what’re you drinking, there, Buffy?”
Their dialogue, such as it was, had choked to a halt, as though the brief exchange had consumed the last vapors of their shared reserves.
His hand on Tony's hip snaked down to fist Tony's cock, corkscrewing and thumbing over the head, short and tight and too dry, with just enough precome to make it rub instead of glide. And then he broke rhythm, driving into Tony with hard, pounding jabs. Tony bowed against him and came with a choked-off keen, an acrid taste in his throat, and little of any pleasure, his release thin and sharp and stinging like a burr twisting down his spine.
Maybe he was just keyed up with the anticipation -- and some degree of pressure -- for securing the support of this benefactor.
Tony had known full well that Rhodey didn't actually believe the silly notion, and had just been trying to keep him and Steve from getting caught up in each other and losing track of the time. And of course that was exactly what had happened, when helping each other dress had, unsurprisingly, turned into extended foreplay for the honeymoon.
Steve poked him in the ribs, just for being so full of shit. He loved him for it. "Fuck you, Stark, I know where it's good. And that's what the episode recaps in the TV Guide are for."
Without being sure how he'd reached that state, Tony was shamefully, achingly aroused. Despite himself. Despite the silence and the impersonality. Despite the underlying knowledge that they were assuredly being watched, scrutinized, for certainty of fulfilling letter and spirit of this odious ritual.
Tony had been right about him hating it. This style of decor was the very worst of all that was post-modern, in Steve’s estimation, and not only because it made him feel like the temperature had dropped ten degrees. So much glass and reflectivity, ironically, played havoc with clear lines of sight; seeing six of everything surrounding him like one of Enchantress’s illusions was worse than a boxed-in maze of blind corners and dead ends.
DUM-E craned his arm to close his claw lightly over the rim of the shield, gripping for a moment, then releasing it. "I'll take that as a yes," Steve told him, propping it so it leaned back at a slant, bottom edge on the platform, and top edge resting higher up against DUM-E's pedestal. "Thanks."
Her laugh rang out. “Guess it’s a good thing one of us came ready.” She reached a hand down into her dress and pulled out the items she’d stashed there before, passing two packets back to him. “That’s for you. When I say ‘came ready,’ well, I guess you’d know, if you’d gotten anywhere near putting anything in me yet.”
Steve does trust Castle – to be fast and ruthless, to let any possible grief he might have with Tony lie, and – more than he trusts the entire back up team – he trusts him to be able to take down Crossbones.
Reed's forefinger and thumb, stretched to resembling pinchers rather than fingers, nabs the device and carries it out of sight. "No. It says that Tony is in Baxter Tower."
"Cap–" Sam barks a warning, and Steve glances up; the Hulk before has gotten to its feet, charging at him like a bull.  Steve barely has times to lift his shield, bracing himself for an impact that –
It's kind of hard to swallow that Dodd had been unaware of the mass destruction Sin tends to cause when he hired her, the piles and piles of bodies she leaves behind, but somehow, he must've been oblivious to how very public she is about the entire thing. Entire families are left bullet-riddled, bodies still resting where they'd been when she and Crossbones  kicked in their doors, barely given time to react. Pools of blood in front of the television, staining mattresses of beds shaped like race cars, around a dinner table. Backyard swing sets. Indiscriminate.
"I can't access Extremis," Tony says. "But it did permanently restructure my brain. I'm . . . a computer with the power cord unplugged. This . . . thing, person, figured out a way to make a connection without having to turn me on."
"Repeat that?" Steve watches four agents rounding on the unconscious Sin at his feet, readying restraints usually only reserved for metas.
"You wound me, Steve," Tony says, then grunts, cracking open the plastic casing around the GPS. "I could've done this in high school."
A soft chime, and automated imitation of Sue's voice, "Initial Scan Complete," drags Reed's neck to a screen with a sketchy outline of Tony's body on display.
"Duck," Steve says. Tony drops, and his shield soars through the air, knocking the Hill into the wall, slicing its midsection. "He didn't."
"If it had to be anyone," Steve says, after a beat of silence,"I would want it to be you. I just don't think it has to be anyone."
Steve sees him coming out the corner of his eye; he's just so certain the man will move that he doesn't bother to step out of the way, too busy hoisting an older woman to her feet. He is wrong, and a body barrels directly into his side, sheer enthusiasm almost knocking them both over.
Tony's eyes dart to the side; the food cleared his head, the confusion is gone. A sort of heavy embarrassment takes its place. He's looking pretty much anywhere but at Steve. Annoyingly familiar.
"That's . . . horrible, Steve," Tony says, immediately, then quiets. His jaw works, tensing, as it usually does when he's thinking hard in terms of emotions instead of electronics, and Steve waits.
Steve's not going to pretend he likes the idea, but an old, half demolished building is the least of their worries at the moment, and he refuses to let it show how much it bothers him - mentally stowing it away with the rest of his lost belongings. Letters and mementos and photos -all just physical evidence of memories and feelings that can never be blown to pieces or bought out under his feet.
"Apparently it's not quite as simple as Reed thought. But I should have these kids fixed in a minute–"
"Really?" Steve asks, reaching for the lube that's on constant standby in Tony's office now, yanking off his left glove.  He honestly hadn't noticed much of one.  It feels the same.
With a wild moan that breaks the kiss, throwing his head back again, he comes all over Steve and his antique uniform.
"But then how did he know you were at my place? I assumed he was just tracking you, you used to do that with satellites all the time."
Every offering presented was magnificent. Steve didn't know if Tony had any particular criteria in mind, this whole outing having been so capricious, but it soon became obvious that he and Tony agreed upon two as the clear-cut standouts. Similar in size and sumptuous texture, one was off-white with figures in light earth tones: a sizeable central circle blocked into quadrants of pale blue, gold, rose, and green, with a smaller, more elaborately detailed triangular section in each corner.
But where his serum-infused body hadn't let him drown in the frozen sea, he knew how easily his emotions could still drown him in the overwhelming tide of change. Surely it was fair, it had to be, to pace himself, to spare himself from submerging into every towering wave and spend some days by calmer shores.
He dragged his attention back to the television. He needed the distraction in the other direction, now. On the screen, Dyllan was conducting a nefarious business dealing, while Phoenicia was skulking around a disreputable warehouse and about to be taken captive. A hand clapped over her mouth, stifling her shriek, and the scene cut to another commercial.
He managed to slip his palm around into hers and transform it into a proper handshake, raising and lowering their joined hands one time, precise and solemn, as if the introductions had proceeded smoothly, the nerve-fraying detour erased. They studied one another. A veil had lifted, unmasking her clear, wide eyes, the fine curve of her slightly parted lips, the
Either way, he hadn't questioned when Steve had washed quickly, with something a little too cloying, from the bottle closest at hand, nor when Steve had cited a just-recalled training as cause to make haste in his exit.
The mirror had fogged over. Steve wasn't looking at him anymore. He wasn't looking at himself, either.
Sightless, he indulged in the familiar body; the rich scents of oils and musk exuding from the brazier of heated hair and skin; the textures of fabric and hard flesh; and Steve's tortured, pleasured sounds, the most magnificent symphony to conduct.
Steve, I definitely assume to know his US history.  I, on the other hand, am a terrible student of history. So if this is a reference that I could pull from my own memory, then I thought it fair to consider that Steve's educated and very intelligent conversation partner would also be able to recognize what he was talking about and banter back with him about it.
“Perhaps I am,” she said, wistfully. A smile was never supposed to be so sad. She looked like the spirit had gone out of her. “And you’re just too pure to be real. It does mean something, coming from such a stalwart. But I’m afraid you still have me at a disadvantage, my dear. Last I heard, introductions are a courtesy most typically returned--”
“Open, if you think you can fill it,” she taunted, finally cutting their contact, sliding her hand free of his and gripping her other forearm low by her waist. It might have almost been demure if any other thing in her posture were rounded or relaxed, but she was all lines and angles, facing him square with her feet at hip-width, shoulders back, and chin tipped up.
DUM-E's next series of sounds held a very determined note, but was not particularly comprehensible. Thankfully, JARVIS stepped in once more as translator. "He says he wants to try his best, sirs, but still thinks he could accomplish more with a second arm."
He wrapped Tony up tighter and nudged a thigh between his knees, getting in one last tease, low and gruff.
Around his other side. One fingernail trailing across his palm in a spiking tickle that jumped to his throat, his stomach, his cock, in lightspeed streaks, making him jitter and hiss.
"The wrinkles on your skin haven't changed the wrinkles on your brain, the convolutions that make you who you are and have always been. So determined, Steve. So persistent, so resolute." The hinge of his elbow started to close, but not enough to cut off Steve's air or even his speech. Not yet. "So god-damned, motherfucking
He pushed the pace, adding a quick snap at the end of his strokes, and varying it up with a hard grind every few. His lips pulled back in a snarl. She was getting it how she needed it, making chopped-off noises and clenching down around him each time he buried himself to the hilt and nailed her with a string of quick, jabbing thrusts before drawing back to his full length again.
The look Steve gave him contained questions, but he held them in, nodding. "Sure." He raised his voice again. "Hang on, DUM-E, I'll be right over."
The fondness in her expression sent a silvery little pang through his chest, suspending him in an odd moment of anticipation. She leaned in and brushed her lips at the corner of his mouth, barely a touch, and his heart contracted again. Under all the pungency, she still smelled sweet.
"DUM-E would like to inform the both of you in the most unequivocal of terms that he would never consider becoming a supervillain," JARVIS interpreted.
Steve was right, though, of course he was. Steve was the one who'd wanted a church wedding, but Tony was the one who had said yes. To everything. The proposal. The first date. Said yes to
In silent agreement, they wandered without speaking for a while, splitting to opposite sides of the oval: a short, not-quite reprieve from what they must face.
a reason they call it the ‘seven-year itch,’ you know. Surely after so long, you could be pardoned for seeking some variety to spice things up.”
Tony loosened an arm briefly to poke him in the ribs, a quick tickling startle that made him twitch and gasp and giggle.
Not what Steve said, but the sweetness in it, told Tony this was more than something now and new. It was the worst possible time and means to have it revealed.
"You see me? Good," Steve rasped. It pleased Tony, how well-used he sounded. "You're a dead man, Stark, you hear? I'm taking you down."
An unexpected crawl of fingertips through the clipped hair at the base of his skull made his toes and his stomach curl tighter, and his next breath came out as a quiet groan. He wanted... he turned his head, seeking blindly, and brushed his lips across Tony's mouth. It was clumsy, with no finesse, hardly even a kiss, but it gave him a jolt and a thrill, and just enough time for a quick blink of nerves --
Steve ordered a club soda, no ice, and on impulse, requested a splash of cranberry, just to break the monotony with some color.
The pound of his blood and the rasp of their breaths meshed and mixed with the ring of the water, hissing and sizzling in his ears, a white-noise percussion ensemble.
Sure, DUM-E had always been a little excitable, a little... quirky, in his interpretation and execution of tasks. But that was part of his charm and his individuality. This careening madly from crazed activity to stone cold stops was something new. Could a bot develop... bipolar? ADHD? Could you, what, medi-code, for it?
“Hey, hot stuff,” Starla called to him, velvet-smoky-sweet, and he should have known right there that something monstrous was afoot.
Watching Tony react to the guidance and praise from someone he seemed to look up to as a teacher or mentor of sorts was a revealing study. He had the grace to look sheepish, yet also shyly pleased, the tiny uptick that curved his mouth nearly hidden as he bent his head, cupping his elbows in their opposite hands at his waist.
“I-Uh…. I’m sorry. I-" Tony stammered and removed his hand from Steve’s back, pulling away as the song ended. Steve grabbed after him but wasn’t quick enough to snag his arm.
He had wrapped the smaller man in the warmth of his arms. He would pull his chest back every now and then and the unconscious man’s head would roll back, exposing his pale skin. Tony’s breathing was shallow, barely noticeable, and Steve began to lose hope for his lover and himself.
Steve couldn’t remember the last time his hands shook so badly, but he knew it was some time ago. Captain America rarely got rattled… but Steve Rogers did. And the fact that he was about to hurt this man, broke his heart into more pieces than the shattered bone underneath his gentle fingers.
It seemed like it would work pretty well and should at least keep any critters out. Tony thought sadly about the kitten that he had named Fiasco. He wasn’t really sure if Fi Fi was real or if she was a figment of his fever... but he sort of missed the little purr monster. He touched his chest where the black puffball had slept the night before.
Three shots and a quick elevator ride later, both men were standing in the snazziest speakeasy that Steve had ever seen. There were bookshelves lining the wall, but they would pull back occasionally and reveal secret meeting rooms where groups of people laughed in a cacophonous manner. The lighting was a soft yellow glow and dark wood lined the floors. The waitstaff was donned in flapper outfits for the ladies and black and white suits for the gentleman. Globes of lights were strung above the wooden tables and barrels of whiskey and Steve felt, once again, entranced.
He could hear Tony’s yelling as clear as he heard his own, which is why Steve had become solemn as the men continued to gouge him. In no way was he going to let Tony know he was getting cut up.
Tony and Steve, glasses in hand, moved towards one of the last empty tables right to the left of the dancefloor. The opening was full of couples, dancing closely to an old piano in the corner that seemed to play when the occasional guest felt compelled.
Tony grabbed a dollop of oil and began scrubbing himself with it. Under his arms, across his feet, around his groin, and up his crack, before settling back into the warm water to rinse away the wash.
The stick walls were now lined with chunks of metal and clothes and there were palm leaves covering the whole of the encampment except the center where the fire’s flames would lick out of.
Steve’s face turned bright red, but not out of shame or embarrassment… out of anger. He sighed and shifted deeper into his position on Tony’s desk. “No. I am not going anywhere until you talk to me. If I have to stay here for days, so be it. You are gonna have to get in the suit and forcefully remove me… and then you are going to have one ticked off super soldier on your hands buckaroo.”
One foot away and Steve pulled his fist back and threw it forward, flinging water everywhere, and striking the panes of plexiglass. It barely cracked. He threw his fist back again and struck, cracking it a little further.
While he didn’t think highly of himself, Tony knew that he was adept at getting out of sticky situations and that someone had to save everyone’s asses if they were all stuck here.
It was cold without the fire. He looked to Tony and noticed that, despite the covers, he was still shivering and moaning in his sleep. Steve sighed, resigned and tired, and walked over to him. He positioned himself behind Tony, rolling the other man onto his side, and proceeded to press his abdomen along Tony’s bare back. Tony was burning, but Steve didn’t mind. Steve’s cool chest could steal some of the fever away, while also keeping them both warm.
“Hey buddy, not that I want to butt into your life or anything, but can you release her wrist? Making me a bit uncomfortable. And I don’t think either of us wants me uncomfortable.” Tony was significantly shorter than this man, at least by a foot, but stood his ground, moving closer to the man until he was a breath away. The man reminded Tony of a more attractive Lurch: tall and pale with sharp features, but at least features that were symmetrical, unlike his Addam’s Family alias.
“Stop it.” Steve pressed into the wound as much as he thought was necessary to compress the blood vessels, and then took his spare hand and yanked on the chain binding Tony’s right arm.
“No you aren’t…” Steve yanked on Tony’s tie, earning a yelp from the smaller man as he drug himself up. Steve’s fingers went to work loosening the tie and subsequently went on undoing the notches on Tony’s belt. Soon, Tony found himself void of any clothes save for his loosened tie. “You’re gonna love this bike before the night’s over, Shellhead.”
Tony blinked and put on his people façade. “Come on buddy, can I offer you a tip to let him through? Here my ID will work just fine, and he is with me.” Tony took his ID between his pointer and middle finger, coolly twisting it and handing it to the attendant whose nametag read “Brahn”.
“Tony, tony, tony… what’s going on?” Steve stood next to him in a denim jacket lined with Sherpa, a ball cap, and dark-faded jeans. His hand immediately went to the mechanic’s chest and started palming the Arc reactor as if it were the source of Tony’s trauma.
Tony was sputtering, bloody spittle dribbling down the sides of his mouth. His eyes were closed, and his head lolled backwards as his chest heaved rapidly. Steve could see that the genius had fallen limp against the chains holding him up and the only sign of life was Tony’s quick breaths and gritted teeth.
A hand struck out and slapped Steve across the face. Steve’s head snapped around, but when he turned it back he merely smiled, blood staining his teeth. “I can do this all day, Justin.”
Again, Tony had to admire the beauty of the scene in front of him. The sun set directly in front of him, giving him a better idea of the direction of the place. The orange and purple hues in the sky were vibrant and slightly hidden by white, puffy clouds. The scenery was beautiful, but the man in front of him was more so.
By Steve’s calculations, it had been several days since Justin had been in their cell. Steve’s body was burning up from the plastic body bag’s containment of his body heat, and his shoulders were sore from the metal bar digging into them to hold him in place. They had removed the gag from his mouth at least. Which only served to remind him how hungry he was. The serum required copious amounts of food and he was definitely not meeting his daily calorie needs.
Had it really been a week since the incident already? They were already back to normal… but not normal at the same time. Tony hadn’t spoken with him the entire time since. They acted the same in front of the rest of the Avengers, but when alone, when Steve tried to confront the genius, it was like talking to a brick wall.
Tony’s brows furrowed and he swatted Steve playfully on the shoulder, “take it back. The Audi is great…. I mean… your motorcycle delivers a better fuck… but my car-“ he yawned “ is still faster…” Tony’s eyes blinked closed as Steve walked towards the e-tron and slid Tony into the back seat, following him closely. “This thing can drive itself, right?”
“Michael.” Instead, the guy took a step back and outstretched his hand. Tony looked at the opened palm that was extended in a peace offering but chose not to take it. Michael shrugged and pocketed both of his hands. “I apologize. Patricia can be difficult when I am explaining certain things to her. She has attention deficit dis-“
The dining room was on the sixth floor, four floors down from their room, and it was very large. More chandeliers and a huge staircase that separated two floors of chairs, tables, and waiters. Steve could smell the delicacies cooking and his tummy grumbled in want. They were seated quickly and given a few minutes to look over the menu before their waited visited their table.
Justin took a knife out of his pocket as he approached the super soldier and Tony felt his throat begin to close as another panic attack threatened to wash over him.
“Tony…. Sky.” He shook his arm a little but the dark haired man’s head just lolled from side to side. “Tony.
Tony decided now was the perfect time to go on one of his non-stop tangents, anxiety deep in his gut at the admission. “It’s by Styx. It’s called Babe. It is a wonderful song. I really think that you would like it if you could hear over the damn crowd, but if you don’t that’s totally cool too. Styx is a great band. I saw them in ’86 and it was awesome. Great concert. I will update your phone with some of their songs and you can tell me what you think, I- “
Pretty soon after his eyes glanced over the grotesque blood and hollowed out eye holes, Tony fell to his side, stomach guarded by his left arm, and emptied what little there was of the contents from his stomach.
“Keep your eyes open Tones. I want you to see my face every time I ram into your ass. If you don’t, the Captain gets it again.”
“JARVIS isn’t responding to me…” Steve, drying his hands on the bathroom hand towel, leaned out of the powder room door and eyeballed a clearly stumped Tony.
Hammer, ignoring Steve, crouched down and pressed pointer finger and thumb into the flesh of Tony’s cheeks, popping his mouth open painfully. Justin took the fingers of his other hand and slid them into Tony’s mouth, rubbing the calloused digits against his dry and dehydrated tongue. After a second of humiliation, Hammer pulled his fingers out with a slightly sadistic smile and rubbed them along Tony’s forehead, releasing his face and standing up.
Steve stared at him blankly, not wanting to share the details, but knowing he had to. He cleared his throat.
Steve was topless, muscles glistening with a sheen of sweat as he worked, digging sticks in the ground around them in a makeshift fence. Steve’s blonde hair was in an unusual state of disarray and it hung down over his blue eyes. He had stubble lining his sharp jawline, but Tony found the disheveled state sexy. If it weren’t for their current situation, Tony might even find himself hardening at the view. Despite having made the sundial, Tony felt useless as Steve set the barrier between them and their environment.
“Oh? Mr. Stark? I thought I already provided you with a grand enough vision of his death.” It was the man with the metal appendages that was speaking to him. The pig-faced man who threw Tony overboard.
Steve had set Tony down closer to the tree line, placing him upright against a fallen trunk. He had walked down to the beach and, disgusted with himself, took the clothes off of one of the dead men. The clothes were sandy but had dried out in the newly cast sun. He laid them gently over Tony’s unconscious form in an attempt to warm him up.
The middle man threw a sudden front punch, lunging as he did so, his big meaty knuckles flying towards Steve’s face. The supersoldier’s eyes tracked the fist with such speed that Steve instantly side-stepped, the arm stretching out in front of his nose. The man’s hand struck nothing but air as Steve grabbed his wrist, snapping it downward and yanking the man forward to throw him into the bar behind them. Glasses shattered, shards and alcohol raining down on everyone.
“I didn’t get that buddy.” Steve was practically lifting Tony up and gliding him to the elevator. He flicked the button and the lift soon lowered, doors dinging as they opened.
The mechanic’s head shot up, speckles of sand falling from his bangs. “What the fuck was that for?” He stood.
“Do you really think that is an appropriate question? Yes, Steve I am ready for you to cause me unimaginable pain as you re-set every bone in my arm. Great. Superbly excited.”
Realizing that his captor knew who he and Tony were, he decided to ditch the charade. “You didn’t… I- he’s alive. I know he is.” Denial was steeped into his voice.
“Tony. Stark. Is. Broken.” Hammer pounded at each word breathlessly, his dick’s stimulation on Tony’s prostate causing the genius to finish yet again, adding more fluid to his chiseled stomach. Hammer leaned down and licked a strand of cum off of his ab and thrust deeper, bypassing Tony’s prostate and jamming as deep as he could go for his own pleasure. He had broken Tony Stark. Now it was time for him to make his mark on the genius forever.
He couldn’t meet Steve’s eyes. He couldn’t even look towards him. Not with what Steve had seen within the last few days… and definitely not with his cock splayed out like a German sausage on a platter, complete with two golden potatoes.
“Tony! Hey-hey...” Steve’s bright blue eyes looked into Tony’s. He gave the genius a lopsided smile before setting a hand on his forehead. Tony’s skin was burning up with fever. “It’s going to be okay... I’m going to help you.”
Even with their inexperience and utter lack of protection, Sin's got the numbers. They've made it to the house, and are holding their position.
"Reyes. I forgot to mention, there's been a really good trend with the missions so far today, non-emergency communication has been temporarily okayed, and that's why I called before, with the news about Punisher."
"I --"  He grabs the other man, who squawks in surprise, in a hug that startled even himself. Consciously holding back from squeezing too hard, "Thank you, Tony."
They're both breathing too heavily for a kiss proper, so Steve settles with nuzzling Tony's neck, more panting heavily against it than kissing or nipping, but the feel of his still rapid pulse is satisfying enough anyway.
"Fandral," the one with a remarkable resemblance to Tony, if Tony were blond and 6'7, says with an extravagant bow. "And this is Hogun. And you are keen eyed; we, indeed, hail from Asgard." Steve's not sure if he's being sarcastic; he certainly sounds sincere, but there's no way he can honestly believe their height, and bright, ridiculous outfits are discreet? "Thor is our lord. We have reason to believe you wronged him deeply."
"Did it have a mind, Iron Man?" Fandral asks. "Did it have a heart? In my time, I have learned a man needs both to have a soul."
It's almost an embarrassingly strong thrill that he gets, jumping from rooftop to rooftop, propelling himself up and over ledges and swinging off signs, when he can look to the side and see Sam's familiar figure cutting confidently through the air beside him.
"And you're twelve," sneers Charcoal, a large monster of a man, an ex-villain Steve could've sworn was dead. "Once again, the great Avengers are heroically cleaning up a mess one of their own screwed- up teammates made. Don't get all high and mighty with us."
"I barely even remember talking to Reed last night. On scale of one to ten, how admonished should I act?" Tony says, rezipping the jacket, fiddling with the zipper.
"Good amount of interest in this next lot. Already have some bids in place," the auctioneer, a tiny man, with wide rimmed glasses, announces.  Steve blanches; he hadn't thought to bid ahead of time.  "Lot A-15, an artist's easel, circa 1920, in need of some repair, well used," there's a silence that seems to scream
Fatigue hits Steve for the first time when he sees the clock; almost midnight. He's not supposed to get tired anymore, the serum was supposed to get rid of that, and maybe it did. Maybe this is just mental, Steve thinks he should be tired; so he convinces himself he is.
"But he didn't," Steve says, rolling to his feet. Paling when he realizes what his shield plunged into when he dodged – deep into the back of a flexing, eyes rolling with rage, Hulk. It reaches around with wild, undisciplined gropes, brushing against the metal disk planted in its back and howling with pain and outrage.
"No, Tony," Steve says. "You have every right to be mad, Thor, but keep it between the two of you – how many of your subjects is Tony going to have to be beaten by before you decide to rectify it yourself? Don't forgive Tony, fine, but at least settle–"
"That's not Bruce," Steve says, raising their elevation, to avoid scraping the Hulk off on one of the high-rise buildings.
"Wednesday had citizens of New York City being watched! What appeared to be a large eyeball was seen hovering over Lexington, and the vigilante mutants known as X-Men disposed of it - but not without causing upwards of nine thousand dollars in property damage.
"It just . . . didn't seem like a possibility," Tony says, pulls free, down a step and dragging Steve with him. "I'm not even sure it's happening now."
"The Young Avengers. I'm Melter," says Melter, a young man wearing a Spider-man T-shirt says, stepping forward.
It's rare to see Tony's so thrown off his guard, his expression as he stumbles to process this is practically endearing. "It–no," he finally decides on, eloquently.
"I guess we did," Steve says, the fact slowly dawning on him. It's just a little hard to notice at first. "Almost, anyway. Reyes, get Gawrych on the Helicarrier. Keep him under guard. There should probably be an investigation on his involvement –"
Relief, but it's only there for half a second, it snaps immediately to anger, at a level that surprises even himself.
"Right," Reyes agrees, in a tone that makes it pretty apparent Reyes doesn't realize why Steve brought it up. The kid is sincere and well intentioned, and it was cute, at first. If Steve didn't have to work with him, he's sure he would've stayed as such. But after a week, it got old. While he's proficient in hand to hand, the kid is so green it hurts, and Steve often feels like a babysitter. He has an idea that this assignment is someone's idea of a punishment. "There's still no update on Sin, she's totally off the grid. But I had a theory about what happened today-the mission."
"He fucked with my head," Tony groans, leaning forward and covering his face again. Steve hesitates for a moment, then rests his hand on Tony's neck; the skin is hot to the touch, damp with sweat.
He does deserve to hear more, but it would be better if they wait until morning, because Steve can't think of a single way to start that won't be a little much after the conversation they just had, and he suddenly has a wide array of much more pleasurable ways to occupy himself, as long as Tony agrees to stay pressed against him like he is.
"Helicarrier's operational again," Tony says, nodding. "Ryker's and the state penitentiary are stabilizing, and the director managed to keep the National Guard out of the city. War Machine and I can finish off the stragglers, and we can call it a day."
"Alright, obviously," Tony starts, face tilted down, like he can't stand to look at Steve head on, stepping back. "Something happened - yesterday. I don't know what kind of lies I told you–"
Tony's not sure if whoever this is had anything to do with Jarvis's death, but, "That'd be some impressive odds. It's reusing connections I made with Extremis," he says. "It was the same hospital where Happy was treated."
He wrenches the car up and back, and allows gravity to do its thing, dropping like a rock out the now upside down vehicle. Two of the suits dodge in time, but one flies into the grill, and the explosion warms Steve's back as he falls.
Bucky stares, then looks down at the coffee mug in his hands. At the street. Back at Steve. "This is really uncomfortable."
Apparently crooked politicians rank close enough to mobsters for Castle to sit up and take notice when they start getting mowed down in public. Although, to be fair – it's probably the innocent families getting caught in the middle that grabbed his interest.
He'd only entered when Steve pointedly waved him in, painfully out of place – Sam hasn't ever made it a secret how he feels about Tony, and apparently the hostility has transferred to his home and belongings.
“Oh…” Steve was dumbfounded, and it showed as his eyes stared over Tony’s head and into the crowd, wide.
Tony felt the electricity flow between them as they explored each other’s taste for the first time. Their tongues intertwined, deepening the kiss. Steve’s tongue drew squiggles along Tony’s bottom lip and the genius felt a shiver run along his spine.
Tony’s hands shook as he tried to click to the next stream of information regarding the case, until, snapping him from his reverie, JARVIS sounded out above him.
Tony didn’t look at him, waiting for Steve to finish a statement that was already finished in Steve’s mind. A moment’s pause, “Soooo…. Seth?”
“Get off…” Tony said again, breaking the kiss but diving forward again to connect his mouth with Steve’s.
“You’re right. I really am sorry.” Although his face conveyed no remorse, Michael turned to Patricia and grabbed both of her hands gently. “Patti…dear… I’m sorry.”
“JARVIS, you can continue ignoring Tony, but I’m the nice one, why ignore me?” Steve was growing concerned at the lack of communication from the AI, so he figured it was time to wake Tony. He trod up the stairs lightly and was surprised to find Tony already awake, propped up in bed shirtless and with a semi-transparent tablet in his hands. The arc reactor glowed brightly through the tablet screen. Tony’s eyebrows were knit furiously and his lips were pursued.
Both men were sitting on the bed now, Steve at the foot with his legs folded over one another, and Tony sitting at the head with his tablet on his blanketed lap. Tony had spent a few minutes explaining the situation and working in conjunction with Steve to determine what had happened to JARVIS.
A soft echo of his name sounded out along the island and Steve snapped his head to attention, previous stupor successfully disrupted. He pursed his lips.
Clearing his throat, Tony spoke up to end the miserable silence. “We have the same room, to make it less noticeable that we are not actually honeymooners. It was the most expensive room on the whole ship, which is great! We had to pay extra to encourage a senator and his
Steve, serum not quite giving him the full ability to see in the dark, pulled out his phone and hit the screen to turn on the flash light. “Tony?” he brought the phone up to the corner where the mechanic had sat.
For a second, he wanted to steal this moment. He inhaled the smell of Tony’s salty, sweaty hair and wrapped one muscular arm across Tony’s waist, careful of his injured arm.
“Steve!” Tony rose quickly, dodging various shrapnel and stones that fell his way like he was in an 8-bit video game. Dust and pebbles coated his dark hair as he shifted from side to side, rocked from the explosions that still wracked the room.
Hopefully his little home would keep them safe from any predators. He hadn’t seen anyone else on the island. He figured they had all perished or, for the ones who got to lifeboats, had been picked up miles away. How the two of them had survived while no one else had, he didn’t know.
Tony felt his crotch stirring and he tried to invade his mind with gross images to deflate his cock, to no avail; Justin’s shaft rubbing against his gonads encouraged the blood to rush and fill Tony’s member to erection. Shame spread across his lightly freckled cheeks and he dropped his head.
“Well maybe you deserved it!” The testosterone began to build with the anger and both men were now in a stand off across from each other.
“Holy cow.” A shrill whistle came from between Steve’s lips as he took in his surroundings. It wasn’t the nicest room he had ever seen, but it was definitely on up there.
There was no response. Tony was pale everywhere but his arm; the limb was torn up and bright red. Steve felt sympathy throbbing in his own arm just from witnessing the wound.
“Well then… I’ve never been to Nassau before, so let’s uhm… get ‘r done?” Steve then smiled at the genius’s wide eyes and annoyed head shaking before proceeding to the bathroom to get ready for their brief tour of the Bahamas.
Steve didn’t feel Tony’s breath on his neck anymore and the man was freezing cold, an icy brick against Steve. He shook again but got nothing in return.
This battle had lasted about forty-five minutes already, with no signs of Hydra’s forces ceasing any time soon. It was a routine flush-out of an old, snow covered coal mine that multiple witnesses claimed to be a fully active Hydra base. The witnesses weren’t wrong.
“Cap, chill buddy- ice pun intended- I was just messing with you.” Tony waved a hand dismissively before graciously tipping the luggage handler to ensure that the staff hand delivered their bags to their suite room. “Plus, you know the more that you deny it, the more you sound homophobic."
Tony and Steve gave the bartender a run for his money as soon as they found out that Tony’s financial account was, indeed, just fine.
Justin was rock hard and Tony could feel the ribbing of his veins gliding along. He already knew that the villain wasn’t small from his previous altercation with the cock ramming against his throat, and he knew that he could take the dick seeing how Steve was so much bigger, but Tony couldn’t help the fear in his belly.
Steve looked down at his sandy, dry feet and winced. Cuts lined his toes from the rocky shoreline. Wearing shoes made for slippery falls… not wearing shoes made for shredded feet. There was no real winning on this island.
to see that your treatment hasn’t been up to par little Tony.” Hammer strode into the room, wing tips clicking on the floor as a group behind him rolled a metal table into the cell. He wore his typical Armani suit and had his hands stuffed into his pockets casually.
Clearly the genius was nursing a hangover for when he raised off the bed, he swayed a little, rubbed his temples, and then sat back down.
After Justin collected himself, he raised up and sent his boot flying into Tony’s exposed midriff. The genius coughed out and giggled. It happened again. Again. Again and again, until Tony was gasping for air, blood seeping from the corner of his mouth; he had fallen to his knees during the beating at some point. He had spurred Justin on the first few kicks, but now he found himself barely maintaining consciousness as pain coursed through his ribcage and abdomen.
A yellow stream of light came from the mechanic’s wrist and shot into the metal door, causing molten sludge to begin falling off in chunks as the iron was super-heated. Tony moved his arm tirelessly and pretty soon there was a bright orange circle implanted into the door; the metal circle fell with a thud onto the stone floor beneath it.
Above him were bright green fronds bathed in orange light from what Tony deduced was a fire. Shadows danced across the slits in the leaves as smoke billowed from the top of the flames. He viewed the long sticks holding the fronds up and his mechanical mind subtly approved of the engineering supporting the make-shift roof. Turning his head to the side, he was surprised when he felt a soft cloth touch his sunburnt cheek.
Tony stills; he'd obviously expected Steve to be asleep. He shakes his head. "Yeah, I'm human again. No hangover. I was just . . . checking."
"That's one down," Steve says. "Two thousand and something to go and Osborn won't have anything to work with."
Tony stares, thumb and pointer finger working at some frayed fabric. Then he glances at the back door, the dust covered television, the pictures. It had been stuffy when they first entered, dark and obviously abandoned. Tony had waited by the door, arms stiff at his side, as Steve went through, opening windows, letting some air in.
The most recent model of Iron Man armor is quiet, but it has a distinctive hum when it hovers, when it approaches. A purr, almost, and the sound manages to cut through the general mayhem of the battle, and Steve's –
"That makes no sense." Could Osborn's tools really be that advanced? Tony had told him he'd more than likely got his tech from the Skrulls, so he supposes it's possible. But if Reed's scanners couldn't even pick it up, what chance did Tony's two hour RadioShack device stand of tracing it?
He doesn't try for anything deep or moving; he just . . . wants to make contact. Just wants to make the call.
"No argument there," Punisher says, polishing his weapon of choice - the last time Steve saw a genuine De Lisle carbine was in Europe, during the war – seeming almost bored. "Your boys can clear the way."
It not being an emergency, Steve relaxes. The dawdling isn't quite so exasperating then, and Steve nods. "Give me a minute."
He likes thinking of Tony in that light. He likes the warmth of it, and a pride, almost, that comes with it, like wearing America in his name, knowing Tony, all that Tony entails and does, was his, even for those few hours. He'd liked that, he'd really, really liked that.
Like virtually all SHIELD field missions, lately. Casualties are a given in this line of work, but the numbers have been mounting on nightmarish. They've redone communications from the wires up twice, and sweeps for bugs are now daily routine. Agents have taken to calling it 'HAMMER's curse.'
Steve walked back over to Tony and dug his fingers into the smaller man’s ass cheeks, pulling them apart and letting the cold air lick his crack. By his ass cheeks was how Steve lifted him, encouraging Tony to wrap his legs around Steve’s pointed hips.
“Reserve that name for Strange and Strange only… you aren’t my mother, shellhead.” Steve grunted out as he did an aerial twist and slammed his shield into a hydra agent.
Tony’s naked body had been drenched in sweat and when Steve felt the mechanic’s moist forehead he almost pulled back from the searing heat. He grabbed a blanket from the supplies box under the Captain’s seat and wrapped it gingerly around Tony’s waist and chest.
At his counterpart’s laughter, Steve felt heat rise in his cheeks. “That’s what this is? I don’t- what am I even looking at? This is a sex closet??”
There were not really any means of escape. Nothing he could build. No exits besides the main, barred door. He was stuck for the time being. His feet weren’t restrained, as his thighs rested on his calves initially, but he was able to hoist himself up on the chains and swing his feet around so that he could stand up and slacken the taut pull on his arms.
Steve was standing in the entrance to the encampment. Watching Tony’s chest rise and fall methodically. He was worried about his friend…
A hand laid gently on Tony’s shoulder, calming him from its warm energy. Steve pulled Tony back a little and grabbed his arm, squeezing it. “Please, dear. Let’s have a drink and let bygones be bygones.”
“You’re cute when you’re mad. And aroused.” Steve smiled, eyes twinkling as he annoyed the man in front of him successfully. In sharp contrast to the sweetness in his eyes, his hands came up and began to pull Tony’s suit jacket off.
HOLY SHIT BALLS. LOOK, I FINISHED A CHAPTER. Sorry for the delay!! I'm not going to make any guarantees this time because it just gets me into trouble. :) ;) As always, comment or kudo if you like it. I finally have the story completely mapped out... so stick around and bookmark if you wanna know what happens.
He slung his bag off of his shoulder and untied the ends, stretching it out to a cohesive piece of cloth again. He slid the cloth around the tree and grabbed both ends in his hands, twisting the fabric around his fists tightly before leaning back.
Tony leaned on the wooden railing across from Steve and crossed his arms uncomfortably. It was awkward, as they both stared at the floor, occasionally glancing at each other only to cast their eyes a different direction; they were the only two people in this elevator and both men were having trouble keeping their eyes from connecting with the other’s.
“Tony. Tony. TONY.” Steve said each whisper of Tony’s name as the man punctuated each of his short-lived sentences. He grabbed both sides of Tony’s face and aimed the man’s vision in line with his own. “We. Will. Be. Okay.”
Steve bit his fist in an attempt to distract his emotions with pain as well as to keep himself quiet.
The three shots in their room hadn’t done much for Steve, so he dragged Tony behind him on his way to the bartender. “Two old-fashions please, light on the ice and heavy on the cherries.”
There were a few moments of silence between the two men. Steve leaned back, butt resting on the edge of Tony’s desk, arms and ankles crossed in stubborn concern.
Justin came in nonchalantly, watching sadistically from the door as the men held Steve against the wall and unclipped the metal bars holding him. The employees struggled as Steve’s whole weight laid on top of them unrestricted. They groaned until they could no longer support the super soldier and let him thud against the ground, head facing towards Tony and away from them. They stripped the body bag from around him and fanned their hands in front of their faces as three weeks’ worth of waste smell flooded their noses.
After a few moments of just standing there, Tony became aware that Steve was trying to figure something out.
The monitors beeped slowly as Tony slept. His dark hair was laying in wisps across his forehead and his eyelashes fluttered as his eyes dove back and forth in their sockets. Steve hoped he was having good dreams, but doubted the likelihood of it. Steve had interlaced his fingers through Tony’s and felt them twitch now.
Tony, upset at the interruption, turned his head over his shoulder to see that Steve had made a slight modification to his bike. In the dimness of the setting skies, Tony hadn’t seen it until now.
Steve realized what was going on and swallowed, fear quelling up in his chest, but he quickly stamped it out.
Trying to act casually, he sauntered over to where Steve was on all fours, digging with his hands in the sand. Were it not for his sheer size, the soldier would have looked like a little child attempting to build a moat.
The lady looked frantically at them. She had deep golden hair that was pinned up to the cowlick on the front left of her head and she possessed very pointed features set within tanned skin. “Oh my goodness, I am so, so sorry. Please let me grab a napkin-“ The woman was cut off by a greased-up man approaching her and grabbing her wrist, too tightly for Steve’s liking.
Water was seeping quickly along the slope. With the speed that the water was moving, it would be about two minutes before the torture chamber that Tony was in would be full of the ocean.
His lover was strung up several feet off of the ground, just his arms bound by the chains now. His wrists were bound high over his head and Steve could have sworn that both shoulders looked dislocated as they were jarred from their normal position. Tony’s form spun around in a slow circle, motion unobstructed as Tony’s feet were out of their usual shackles.
Hoarsely, Tony’s first words in weeks broke free from his lips, “It didn’t hurt me as much when he did it to me… it hurt worse when he tried to with you.”
I don't know much about boats, but I sure do know I love y'all! Thank you for the comments and kudos. :)
Steve was silent for a moment before turned his head back to the pitiful man. “Don’t be such a baby.”
One of the Iron Man gauntlets lay in his arms, it’s palm a beacon of hope. A small emergency generator implanted in the palm was functioning with a slight whirring noise. Steve stared at it for the briefest of seconds before he stood bolt upright and shined the gauntlet around, settling on Tony’s now limp form. He traced the bar back to its origin and found that it connected to rubble falling from the wall. Steve inwardly cursed, before trying to formulate a plan.
“It’s okay Tony, I’m here. I’m-I’m not going to leave you. Listen to my voice and come back to me…” Steve’s eyes welled up as he stared at Tony, broken and bruised and dripping blood, semen, and god knows what else.
This Michael fella was smart. Was bigger than Steve in height and bulk muscle and although the man had tried to smooth things over with the two honeymooners, his words oozed contempt. Michael had continually looked at Tony, up and down, and often settled on the dark blue irises as Tony refused to back down his anger. Tony didn’t intimidate easily. Especially when he was drunk off his ass.
There was a small opening where the sticks lining their fencing ceased to stand. That was the door and Steve stood in the gap for a moment, admiring his hard work, eyes ultimately settling on Tony. He had been avoiding this the entire night, Tony knew. He walked over to the mechanic and set with a plop in the sand beside him.
Big arms slipped under the crook of his knees and his neck and he felt himself rising up into the air, being carried. This didn’t concern Tony initially, but after his brain began to come to, he started to flail, cursing and whining as he looked up at Steve carrying him.
“And here I thought you were a prude… but you want to go see naked people in the pool. Pfft.” Tony jabbed.
Gradually, Steve stuck each finger into Tony, pushing past his puckering hole and into the smooth lining. He pushed them in and out, slowly and methodically, lubing Tony up in preparation for the seat’s dildo. Tony’s head, not for the first or last time this evening, lulled backwards, hair matted to his forehead in anticipatory sweat.
“You look familiar, little man…” The man in the middle of the three bent down slightly to look the supersoldier in the eyes. Steve raised a brow.
They got to the suite door, and Tony pulled his keycard out, deactivating the metal bolt in the door. He hit it open with a kick and attempted to walk through, but Steve still had a hold on his waist. They both tried to go through the door at the same time and subsequently got stuck. They faced one another, chests touching and faces close.
Tony sputtered out a cough and locked eyes with Steve for several seconds. Steve was mere inches from Tony’s face and he stared at the soldier’s soft, pink lips. He saw nothing but strength in those ice-blue eyes, hope, kindness,
The super soldier carefully stood up and dusted his hands on what remained of his pants. The call sounded like it was far away, like Steve could only hear it due to his serum-improved hearing. How he ended up on one side of the island and Tony on the other, he had no idea; the wave patterns surrounding the archipelago weren’t visible in the night.
Tony’s basement was quiet after their departure. There was slight movement of some papers on his desk and the desk chair that should have been stationary at this point, continued its slow spiral. The light’s flickered and blinked off once the two were out of sight.
Steve’s face had paled, turning white as he realized what had happened. What he was unable to prevent and unable to protect Tony from.
He was on a collection of rocks that dug into his butt and thighs… both of which were covered in sand and algae and bird shit that was still dropping from overhead. Instinctively he tried to shield the top of his head with his other arm and cried out as he raised it.
Tony whispered out Steve’s name in want and drove his hand down between them, unzipping his shorts and whipping his cock out for stroking. He had barely touched himself before Steve grabbed his wrist and shot it over Tony’s head, careful of his injured arm. Tony didn’t think he had ever been so turned on.
Finally, his eyelids squeezed shut and the fire in his belly turned into spurts of hot, white cum into Steve’s hand.
Hoarse cries filled the bottom deck of the cruise ship. They would pause and then ring out again. The voice would never beg, only belt out uncontrollably as if someone was peeling the flesh off their bones.
” The super soldier emphasized the latter to fully retract the emotions he stirred in the man. The hand that wasn’t cradling his neck, moved towards Tony’s chest to still him.
Tony, fear paralyzing his mind, recognized that he himself was screaming as well. Screaming at them to let Steve go.
He pushed Tony slowly off of him, struggling to move himself because he was so cold. The man beneath him whimpered at the movement and loss of warmth. Tony was pale and underneath him were circlets of blood staining the ground. Steve pulled his shirt back on carefully.
“I’d offer you a drink but I don’t want to break your sobriety…” Lies. Tony knew it was because Hammer wanted him to feel
Steve lifted Tony up even further and straddled the bike, raising it off the kick stand and bringing it into a neutral position perpendicular to the ground. As he lowered his straddling legs, he slid Tony’s asshole down over the dildo, earning a stifled cry from the smaller man as he enveloped the dildo in whole.
While Tony was not a religious man, he prayed for any infection to subside and for the inflammation to increase the immunity flowing within his arm.
Hammer tilted his head and let out a shrill whistle. His employees ran into the room like whipped dogs.
He had begged Tony to wake up. Pleaded as he held the man’s warm, calloused hands in his and rubbed the fevered knuckles with his thumb. It had been days and there was no sign of Tony becoming fully cognizant.
“This should hold ya still Captain,” he smirked and jabbed the needle slowly into Steve’s neck, ensuring that he wiggled it as much as possible to cause the most amount of pain.
Repeatedly he cried out ‘No’ and steadily the cries turned into ragged whispers and eventually into silence. Tony’s eyes glazed over and his head bobbed with the movements as he finally gave up. His consciousness transferred inside of himself in attempts to break away from the hell his physical body was currently facing.
“There was a lot of physical and mental torture… the welts are mostly from a pressure washer. The rash on his-er- back side is from sitting in his own filth. The bullet wound is obviously from a gun. His shoulders were cranked back by chains…and…and he was….” Steve broke. His head fell to his hands and the guilt washed over him. Tears flooded from his eyes and soaked his palms. He couldn’t say it. He couldn’t bring himself to say it, and he felt even more guilty that he couldn’t say it. Tony needed him to say what had happened, and because of his own remorse, he couldn’t.
to Oprah’s newest best-seller. Steve touched the sheets and let himself happily fall back onto the plush mattress, hands folding behind his head. The bed didn’t even creak at the sudden drop of his weight.
A few minutes of soaping and washing occurred and then the henchmen left Steve, wet and, Tony assumed, cold. He wanted nothing more than to rush over to his lover and hold him, both of them receiving comfort from the other, but his manacles still dug into the flesh of his wrists, unmoving and ever-present.
“Nothing is stopping you.” Steve’s other hand had found his own cock and he now stroked them both. Tony’s voice and his breathing, his legs wrapped around Steve’s torso, was enough to tilt Steve into full blown arousal. He felt himself closing in but squeezed his thighs to hold it back until Tony had finished. Finished three times that is.
“Ow.” Steve turned his head, looking straight into Hammer’s shocked brown eyes. Steve’s eyes were lit up devilishly and he pulled out the same smirk that he had flashed to Tony mere moments before. “Sorry Hammer, I'm known as the tight-ass Avenger.”
He opened his eyes but grimaced, squeezing them shut as bright light shot against his retinas. He raised his hand and shielded his face, trying again to visualize the strange world around him. His irises contracted as he slowly focused.
Sure enough, Steve ran through the entrance of the makeshift stick walls, faltering slightly as his leg slid into the soft sand beneath him. His pants were torn off at the bottoms, forming shorts, and his shirt was off.
With those words, Hammer took his lubed fingers and fiddled with Tony’s rectum, swirling around the puckered hole. Tony clenched uncontrollably and winced as Hammer shoved two fingers in at a time. The villain didn’t wait for Tony to adjust at all and merely shoved an additional finger in, pulsating them back and forth against Tony’s prostate and subsequently added an in and out motion into the mix.
Hammer took the mallet and struck Tony behind his left elbow causing an audible scream this time. With his serum-generated hypervision, Steve could spot beads of sweat breaking out on his lover’s forehead and chest.
Tony chuckled weakly but began coughing at the strain. His body shook as he attempted to cough out the infection that was taking over his water-logged lungs. He used his good arm to push against the boulder beside him, stabilizing himself into a sitting position. His bad arm drug across the ground and he whimpered between coughs. Tony’s eyes squeezed shut in pain.
Steve smiled and grabbed the handlebars, revving the engine. Tony cried out again and again with each rev. Steve bent forward and grabbed Tony’s earlobe in between his teeth, “cum for me, baby. One more time and then I will ram you… I promise.”
No one knew besides the Doctor and Steve as to the extent of what happened in Hammer’s grasps. They didn’t understand the shifts in Tony’s behavior.
Steve carefully listened to each of the words playing in the melody and it slowly dawned on him the meaning of the song. He was sharp-witted generally, but rarely picked up acts of romance from other people.
“You see Tony…. When you hit that bundle of nerves, the muscle involuntarily contracts… hard to open your mouth now isn’t it?” He reached over and engaged in the same process as before, but with Tony’s right jaw. At the strike, Steve noticed that Tony was breathing heavily between his teeth, bits of spittle shooting out of his mouth uncontrollably. Tony groaned again and rolled his eyes, letting his neck drop down a little before raising it up again.
“Here’s the deal Tony. I fuck you. I watch you cry. I watch you writhe with my cock buried balls deep in your ass… or I kill your lover and your friends and make you watch all of them die horrific deaths. And after they all kill over, I fuck you so hard that the perforation into your guts will cause you to bleed to death.” The words seeped malice and mental instability as Hammer spoke them.
“Of course!” The man threw Tony’s leg upwards with such strength that Tony’s limp form came into view over the cement railing.
He waited, banging the rocks together until he heard the soft patter of someone approaching. The person was obviously running, and Tony prayed it was Steve.
“Your observation skills are pristine.” Tony looked down and witnessed the hand holding. Initially he was confused, but slowly rapped his fingers tighter around Steve’s palm, comfortable. “So… you don’t just like me when it is a life or death situation?”
Iron Man had come over the Avengers’ comms almost immediately as the threat was detected, but the hissing vapor had already reached those on the ground. JARVIS’s alarms had blared inside Tony’s helmet as he dove downwards through the air to try to scoop up as many of his comrades as possible. As he scooped up Cap in his metallic arms, Tony felt his throat begin to itch and swell shut. His eyes started to water and a black vignette began to creep its way into his peripherals.
“Yes daddy, I’ve been bad.” Tony sarcastically bit back, using his wit to hide his true feelings. He watched as Steve’s ear helices turned bright red.
Tony had seen the gas escaping from tubes that slithered their way out from the robots’… well, asses, for lack of better terms. The concept made Tony giggle in slight delirium now. Flatulence is always funny,
His vision cleared from the sand invasion and he looked up to see the ugly man who had captured him and Steve. His turned-up nose dripped blood and he had various new scars in addition to the old ones lining his face.
The minions slid over to one side of the room, falling over each other as they did so. Pig-face had left the room shortly before Steve began his torture session, so he was absent from the dogpile on the floor.
“Yeah but you don’t disagree…” When Steve shrugged his head to the side, he realized that Tony’s comment was a trap, especially when the genius’s smile turned into a broad, seemingly knowing grin. “Called it!”
Tears wormed their ways through Steve’s eyelashes and splashed down on the concrete before he angrily pulled himself up, removing his hand off of Tony’s wound and sliding one arm underneath the man’s knees and the other behind his neck. He stood and carefully lifted Tony before walking towards the door.
Their faces were inches apart and most of the distance was from the height difference between the two men. Steve saw Tony swallow and felt a little tug at his heart. Tony shrugged him off.
“No rest for the wicked….” The whisper in his ear woke Tony with a start, and he snapped his head up, almost headbutting his captor.
The scene before him was beautiful. The water was colored teal and lapped gracefully along bright yellow sands that surrounded the ship. A large sign reading “Prince George Wharf” was stanchioned in the sand with wooden beams. Multiple photo, food, and souvenir vendors sat outside of the ID gateway in little huts and carts. The island was lush with greenery of all sorts, trees, bushes, and flowers dotted the land vibrantly. It was truly beautiful.
“You should go get some sleep, Captain Rogers. He is in the best hands possible… the bleeding has stopped but he will be in surgery for a while for the bullet retrieval. We will need to do some testing and….” Her voice trailed off in Steve’s mind as if it was background noise. He stared blankly at the floor, barely comprehending what she was saying before he sharply stood and shrugged off her hand that remained on his shoulder in an attempt to calm him.
They slid into the elevator, Tony sliding back against the wall into a sitting position on the ground. Eventually, he splayed his legs outwards before smirking up at the super soldier.
Steve blinked under water. It was dark but when he extended his hand he felt cold fingers grasp his; he clenched his fist tight. He pulled his dominant hand back once more, summoning all of his strength to combat the resistance offered by the water, and slammed his knuckles into the window, cracking it and sending shards floating into the surrounding ocean.
The awakened public had gathered around Tony after his surgery had been completed, much to the doctor’s chagrin as she and the medical staff tried to move the cluster away from the recovering super hero. Steve had tried as well, but ultimately, they had been forced to move Tony to a now empty hospital room nearby.
Tony’s mind began calculating as he was tossed around like a ragdoll. When he checked before their cruise departure, there had been a light cloud coverage predicted for about halfway through their trip, and, after he hacked into the weather station’s satellites, he determined that the clouds should have dissipated as they approached them. Could he have pegged this wrong? He was a futurist, but he was no meteorologist…despite what the genius might occasionally argue.
What had to be hours passed. Each time he heard a rumbling, Steve was sure the building was going to collapse on top of them, but it never did. He had removed a large portion of the rocks on his side, but still didn’t see any gaps leading to the sight of outside.
Two men donning black ops gear strode into the room, lifting their visors as they did so. They were dragging a large, black body bag behind him and apparently it contained a live subject, as the sides of the bag were wiggling and snapping as if someone was punching them in attempts to escape. Muffled grunts and growls echoed through the cell as the being struggled.
“Tony!” Steve started towards him, when suddenly thunder sounded, and rocks started falling from the ceiling.
Tony’s face was covered in butterfly bandages, stitches, and bruises. His arm was in a bright red and gold (Rhodey’s idea) cast, and the bruising around his throat was a dull chartreuse. The blankets were pulled up to his chin; Steve didn’t want him to be cold ever again and thus had the doctors keep him bundled up.
“I think so…” Steve’s voice was quiet and small. Tears filled his eyes and the doctor could tell his heart ached.
Steve sat in the chair beside his bed, his ankle wrapped in ace bandage from a stress fracture. He had little stitches left embedded in the gash on his forehead and some slight, short-term nerve damage from the cold, but for the most part was well.
The doctor grabbed the slender cauterizing pen, rearranging the wire under her arm, and leaned down towards Tony’s stomach.
”), escargot, and a steak salad. While Cap could certainly eat whatever he wanted, Tony had to work to maintain his slim figure. Honoring Steve’s wishes, Tony was trying to maintain some level of sobriety, so he slowly sipped the glass of pinot noir he ordered.
The passports that Natasha had hacked up for them passed for genuine with flying colors and they quickly obtained their cruise key-cards without disturbance.
Natasha shook her head indignantly “Nope. I told you-you and Stark should go. It’ll be good for you both to get a break and we don’t need any babysitting here. Maybe it will smooth things over considering yours and Tony’s last fifty arguments?” She hopped off of her perch on the desk as Steve tried to come up with a decent response.
Steve coughed and opened his palm in gesture for Tony to lead the way to their corner while also nabbing two fluffy pillows from the couch. On arrival to what was, apparently, Tony’s safe spot, he tossed the cushions onto the floor and plopped down on the purple one opposite the corner. Tony looked around briefly before sitting with his back facing the right angle.
Despite the wind rushing in his face, causing his breathing to come out in spurts, Tony kept the glass panes rolled down as his hands skirted across the leather-clad steering wheel. He blasted Billy Squier’s The Stroke from the audio system. The left tire scooted off the cliff’s edge and left him stalled for the briefest of seconds.
signaling a new e-mail in Tony’s inbox. Finally, Tony sighed and looked up at Steve’s determined blue eyes.
Tony shivered half because he was cold and half because he had no idea what Steve meant. His cock was fully extended and flush with blood. He covered himself protectively with his hands as Steve began to saunter backwards, stripping his clothes with each step. Wasn’t too long before both of them were naked, standing at the top of Meadows Point, orange hues casting over their bare forms as the sun began to set.
Grabbing the chains still manacled to his wrists, he ignored the pain and bolted for the door. As he threw it open, Steve was thrown backward by another lurch, this time flipping over on himself.
Tony’s eyes were wide in shock now. He couldn’t absorb the information being expressed to him. His mouth opened and closed but no words were formed.
One eye open, he spotted the super soldier making his way up the beach, strolling up among the driftwood and haze. Steve broke out into a full sprint once he heard Tony’s shouts for him.
It could’ve been Tony’s delirium, but he could’ve sworn that he fit perfectly in Steve’s large, warm arms. Steve’s skin pressed against Tony’s bare hand. It was smooth. Cold now, but normally warm. He could feel the supersoldier’s warm breath hit the back of his neck and he shivered. Steve chuckled a little.
“We have to get the bullet out, NOW!” The doctor screamed over Tony’s cries and exchanged her spot holding his wrist with a nurse as she moved towards grabbing the prepared surgical instruments on the table beside her.
“Oh yeah, for sure, because you raping me wasn’t harmful enough…” Tony bit back, although Steve could tell that there was a shake of fear in his voice. At this point in time, Justin was directly in front of the genius, Tony having to crank his head back to look into his face.
“Hey... hey.... Tony” Steve ran, falling into the deep sand and landing on his knees by the mechanic. His arms slid under Tony’s body and raised him up, leaning him back against the tree. “It’s okay, it’s okay.” Beside him, Steve dug into the ground, eventually revealing several coarse round coconuts. He pulled one out and began pounding it against the sharp rock stanchioned a few feet away from Tony.
Steve’s hands shook as he, for once, felt at a loss. He couldn’t see. Tony was dying. He didn’t know where he was. There was rubble all around him and multiple places on his body hurt. He squeezed his eyes shut and tried to calm his brain.
“Sir---data----blocked---can’t---going---trap!” every four words or so were cut off, but Tony got the message loud and clear. He turned back towards the Iron Man suit and yelled.
Steve reached out gentle finger tips and brushed Tony’s hair from his head wound and eyes. Tony leaned into his touch and kissed his palm.
Hammer’s moans echoed through the room and he took his free hand to Tony’s hair, entwining his fingers through the shock-sweat saturated, dark locks. He thrust quicker, hitting Tony’s throat with excitement before Justin felt himself throbbing uncontrollably and spilling his burning seed into Tony’s mouth unceremoniously. He didn’t feel like giving the genius the pleasure of having the seed forced down his throat and into his belly; he wanted Tony to taste the saltiness of it.
“Yeah, why don’t you take a turn on me, you stupid bastard.” The supersoldier broadened his shoulders and raised his chin proudly.
The mechanic waved his hands as he gathered his senses post-fall and subsequently screamed at the man blocking his way.
“So sorry for the inconvenience Captain Rogers…” The man smiled and jostled Steve onto his shoulders, flicking the lights out as he strode out of the suite room with Captain America on his back.
The lab was quiet, save for a few moans. DUM-E and U were shut down, snoozing while their master did the same. The mechanic laid face first on his desk, drool collecting on papers below his hands. Every minute or so his shoulders would shift, and a moan would escape his parted lips. The cries echoed through the empty space.
“Yeah. No moving.” Tony agreed and tried to shake his head to show so, but grimaced when he felt the muscles pull in his chest. He glanced down and saw several bloody holes in his bodysuit and furrowed his brow. “Cap, where are we?”
Tony’s cock was heaving and rattled as it took on its post-orgasm flaccid form. Not for long though. Tony’s eyes opened slowly to see Steve licking his cum off his lips and he about lost it. The sight was probably the sexiest thing he had seen- at least today. Steve Rogers was his boyfriend after all. He found himself painfully hardening again as his prostate cried out in over-stimulation.
Henchmen would come in with knives and syringes and slice into and inject the genius with serums and pain inducers, things that made Tony hallucinate. One time, he had howled and jerked around in his chains as if there were insects burrowing into his flesh.
Steve’s brain needed to work faster but all he could do was stare at the wound on Tony’s stomach. The shaking of Tony’s jaw as he shivered in his senseless state. The beads of sweat sliding down Tony’s golden forehead.
Steve had felt tears sting his eyes the first few days. But now he too felt numb with the exception of the pure, unadulterated guilt that flowed through his body every second of every damn day. He was stuck watching the love of his life sob with terror and pain and there was nothing he could do about it.
He took one last look at Justin Hammer laying on the ground before leaving the cell that had become his hell for the past two weeks.
The whine sounded again as the child raised her head, eyes a pale white, button nose in the center of her face. She was a cute girl save for the missing jaw and pale tongue that flopped from the back of her throat and lopped along her throat. Blood caked down her front, staining the white slip dress that she wore.
“You really need to work on your pet names Rog-I mean Richards.” Tony thought he noticed a bit of genuine jealousy in Steve's eyes but his genius brain decided that this observation was implausible; he bit back any comments that he wanted to blurt out in typical Tony Stark fashion.
Tony fell forward to his knees and began to sob into his good hand. He shook despite the harsh sun glaring onto his bare back. The various scrapes and bruises on his body burned, but the dark feeling inside his stomach of loneliness and doom burned worse. He couldn’t think, just let the tears fall and dapple the sand below him.
Steve rolled over and immediately began coughing up water and sand. Soon his coughing fit turned into gagging and heaving up the ocean water that had settled in his stomach. He wiped off his mouth and sat up.
That started a whole new fit of tipsy cackling. Eventually the space was filled with silence and the comrades simply breathed in contentment at the ocean air and sun’s warmth casting down on their partially nude bodies.
die besides fire. Hence the safe guards he had place in the Iron Man suit: multiple extinguishers and a miniaturized oxygen device.
At one point Tony’s fearful eyes caught hold of Steve’s icy blue ones, causing Steve to look down out of horror as the nurses held Tony down and stabbed his arm with a sedative. Initially Tony tore his arm loose and the needle tore skin, but the second injection went in successfully and Tony’s eyes drifted shut.
Steve checked on the mechanic to ensure he was still cognizant and then left Tony in his current position for a few minutes. He was exasperated and wanted to see if the man could get himself up the stairs without Steve’s intervention.
Tony closed his eyes. He didn’t want to be here. He didn’t want to think about any of this. He didn’t want to see Hammer’s glistening fingers and he definitely didn’t want to know what Hammer was going to do with them.
“Please gentleman, let me buy you both a drink. We can talk and hopefully, I can start to correct the impression you have made of me.”
Days turned into weeks and weeks into months, until finally Tony could walk and even talk similarly to how he used to before Hammer’s crimes against him. Often Tony would look off into the distance and Steve would wave a hand in front of his eyes jokingly, until he realized what drew Tony’s attention.
His ankle screamed at him from the use and he fell to the floor in a heap, allowing himself a few seconds recovery before turning his attention to Tony. Steve turned, lowering slowly to grab the gauntlet, and shone it over towards the injured man to his left. He shuffled over to him and stumbled down to his knees.
“Stop it! What Justin told you was wrong! It’s me you want!” Tony yanked himself into a standing position on his tiptoes, delirium causing him to ignore the pain shooting through his calves.
Steve was on Hammer in a flash, beating him until he was bloodied and seemingly unconscious. He stood over him, naked and panting. Steve turned slowly, fear washing through him as he witnessed his worst nightmare.
Steve’s bright blue eyes showed genuine concern as his other hand caressed Tony’s forehead gingerly. Sweat matted the feverish man’s hair down onto his brow and his eyes glazed over in relaxation.
Hammer rolled his eyes. “Don’t worry Tones… you have plenty of horrors to face before I make you sit through a Captain America ass fisting. Maybe you’ll just be a little Tony shell by that time and not even notice.”
“Wh-where- where’s Antione?” he finally got out, throat hoarse. The shadows stopped moving and one stepped into the light slowly, introducing one body part at a time as he stepped through the rays.
Steve seemed to be handling the gradual descent into the cold pool too well, because Tony leaped upwards and landed on the super soldier’s back, dunking him under the crisp water surface while he laughed. Steve, teeth chattering, splashed out of the water and proceeded to wrestle with tony in mock anger, submerging him after he was sure Tony had plugged his nose.
It all appeared in slow motion to Steve. He saw Tony’s face one last time, saw the blue eyes open wide in shock, confusion, and fear as he hovered above deep oceans threatening to swallow him whole. Tony was conscious. Tony was terrified. Tony fell with an unexpected screech.
Tony blinked at him. “Okay I said I was scared not that I was believing in God and religion all of a sudden.”
“Yeah, yeah… but that time with Clint and the ostrich at the zoo? He tried saving the ostrich from that fireball and the ostrich ended up saving him? Then when the coast was clear the ostrich tried to take care of him like an ostrich chick?” Steve howled, kicking his legs and slapping his knee at the memory and subsequent mental image of the ostrich grabbing Clint’s head to try and shove him into a hole in the ground.
- we get home?!” Clint barked over releasing his bow. Barton was on top of a snowy rock, firing arrows with lightning speed. Natasha was somewhere in the distance acrobatically beating the shit out of hydra agents. Sam and Colonel Rhodes both had watch over the skies, blasting Hydra fighter planes down with Redwing at their side.
“Better than the 0% that I have. Let’s go. We can’t go one way, so we are pretty much locked into the other.” Steve dragged Tony into the hallway and both men stared, frozen.
. The song I was singing, it reminds me of you.” It took Tony a good minute to enunciate his words correctly. An eye roll was the only response he got.
His hands went through his dark curly hair before settling in his lap. “Also… I can’t find my phone.”
“What are you doing?” Tony, shocked, scooted to the side so that the super soldiers skin wasn’t touching him. It was then that he noticed Steve’s topless form, covered in goosepimples and nipples a deep purplish-blue. The genius blinked, quickly determining that, despite the fever that was apparently raging through him, it was well below freezing in the bunker. The water that dripped from the broken pipes above was frozen and the rocks glistened from the humidity that now dusted them with frost.
“Let’s do one more dip and then go… the crowd makes me a bit nervous.” Tony admitted and stood, stretching as he did so. His black swim trunks lowered onto his hips, revealing a trail of groomed, dark hair leading to his clothed groin. His abdominal muscles rippled under his darkened skin as he lowered his arms to his sides. Tony reached a hand out to Cap, turning his palm up and open, and waited for the man to take it.
Tony woke with a start, breathing heavily and with sweat beaded up in the worry lines on his tan forehead. The house was empty besides him, the norm now that he had become Iron Man. Rarely did he bring women or men to his Malibu home anymore now that they could be considered collateral. He tried to minimize the people that died because of him… this desire never turned out quite like he wanted though. People always died because of him and the guilt weighed heavily on his shoulders.
A few minutes passed until Tony came up behind Steve, eyes a little glazed over as the two shots he just downed took effect on his brain. He stood and stared at the super soldier’s silhouette for a brief moment. Steve had shed his white linen jacket but still donned the tight gray shirt underneath and the pants that fit his
Using his good hand, he smeared the back of it against his eyes and screamed bloody murder after. Sand coated the back of his hand and now was sprinkled into his corneas.
He heard the faint call of his name and felt a new determination to get up and get back to the door. Hormonal energy surged through his body and he forced his way outside into the hallway.
Steve, for the hundredth time since he had gotten to Tony’s, looked at him in confusion and concern. “Tones… what is going on? Don’t bullshit me either.”
Despite his concern for the other man, it was a comfort to know that Tony was still alive and at least somewhat close by- at least maybe on the same deck as he was.
A few blankets were shaken out and laid delicately on the chaise couch, pillows fluffed up, and pajamas laid out on the couch arm. His PJs were very Captain America: dark blue flannel pants and a red undershirt from the recent Olympics, emblazoned with USA and 5 intertwined rings in white lettering. Steve slipped carefully out of his cruise clothes and put them on. He was way too tired to wash up.
Tony, in shock and denial, looked at his lovers face tenderly and imagined them back in the tower, loving one another, waking up in bed together, making Sunday breakfasts… The eye closest to the ground opened, unbeknownst to the employees hacking off Steve’s clothes, and Steve smirked a little, winking, before closing his eyes again and letting his jaw fall slack.
“It’s that damn movie. The one that has Forrest Gump in it. That damn movie makes me dream that you are a volleyball. Your head just floats around on the water. I am not a dream interpreter… but I feel like that means something. What do you think, Billie?”
Steve, adrenaline and war-savvy, looked around for something to compress the wound, settling his eyes ultimately on a cum soaked cloth that Justin had used after one of his many escapades into Tony’s body. There was also Steve’s old clothes and body bag, but both were covered in weeks’ worth of waste. Thoughts of bacteria and potential infection threaded through Steve’s mind, but he made the decision and determined that stopping the bleeding was more important than finding a clean cloth. It was all he had.
Clenching teeth and refusing to let his breathing grow out of control – in, out, in, out – Steve barrels through the war zone of a front yard, leaving a handful of bald lackeys stupid enough to try and stop him on their backs. Crowded around the basement door, a group of lackeys have picked up the couch, using it as an impromptu battering ram. To the basement or to the roof – getting Sin out will end this faster. Up the stairs.
And suddenly Reed only needs a second. "I believe Maya Hensen was last seen in Asia," he says, setting aside the clipboard and stretching over. "I've uploaded all the information into the on-flight computer, if you want to wake Johnny."
"We don't know. Everything's shut down. The jets switched on autopilot, the cars took off on their own. The Helicarrier is locked down, no one can get off. We're calling all reserve agents, all hands, all the Avengers – Steve, the holding cells opened. We've got some sickos up here, we've got Sin and Crossbones and an evil Iron Man from another dimension–"
He ignores the councilmember. Castle's thorough in his hits, if nothing else. "– and make it fast, Punisher's probably on his way now."
"Since the first SHIELD mission shut down. Very few people are capable of that level of interference," he says. "His activity corresponds with the SHIELD leaks. When Stark is busy, they're accomplished, when he's got down time, there are leaks."
"She and Hogan adopted siblings ten years ago," Bucky continues. "Girl and a boy. Hardly anyone in your circle knows about them."
After a moment of propping himself over Tony's well used body with a shaking arm, he pulls them both to the floor, Tony still in his lap.
"You could say that," Steve says, evasively. Redwing eyeballs Steve closely on one side, Sam on the other, and there's a long silence. "Are you two talking about me?"
Steve raises his number, along with about fifteen others.  "Four-ten, four thousand five hundred. Five thousand, six thousand.  Six five.  Seven.  Seven-five, seven thousand six hundred.  Eight thousand," the auctioneer rattles off.
Tony swallows, hard, and this time it's not just his gaze that shifts; his head turns to the side. It does very little to hold Steve off, if that's what he's after. Still close enough to feel the heat from the other man's body, see the imprint left on his cheek from sleeping hard without a pillow, to smell his sweat, the ages old aftershave. Engine oil, general metallic scent; the first thing that made Steve suspect Iron Man and Tony were one and the same, a lifetime ago.
"What are we up against?" Steve persists, unshaken. "Because I don't believe this is all your doing, and you're not going to be able to shove me away."
"I'm tired of apologizing to corpses," he says. "Steve. I knew you had enemies. I could've done more. I could've hovered. I didn't. Because it would've been overkill, it would've made me look bad, it would've been uncomfortable for both of us. But you still would've been alive. I'm sorry I didn't."
"Fifteen," a strong voice calls suddenly.  The crowd collectively freezes, and turns to stare at Tony Stark, who's watching the auctioneer with a steady, collected gaze.  There's a beat of silence.
Mister Fantastic, stretching to pick through the flaming remains of their car and – he's worked with Susan for years now, and it's still a little disarming how utterly gorgeous she is, it takes Steve a beat to even notice the large green monster that had attacked them is being held three feet off the ground up by a force field.
Steve clears his throat, desperate to break it. "You finished with the, uh . . ." he gestures toward the pile of electronics with his foot.
They land in the parking lot of a small, obviously abandoned office building. The sign's been taken down, but weather has beaten the letters AVP into the wall itself.
He's sure Sam would be fine with them seeking sanctuary in his home, but raiding his dresser – and Steve vows to pay him back for every article touched, just from that comment Tony made when peering in the underwear drawer ("Can't say I'm surprised, Sam seems like the kind of guy who wants his boys cradled.") – for spare clothes, because a uniform meant for one really doesn't stretch between two very effectively.
"Never mind, I think I've heard this one before," Sam says, dropping Steve on a roof, landing lightly beside him
Jan had been killed in battle, but at least he'd been told about that with tact, Hank taking him aside and delivering the news gently. Carol had been murdered and her name usurped, and it was mentioned to Steve in passing by the woman who did it, which was only slightly better than how he found out about Jarvis – who had died, and Steve only heard when he ran into Tony and – and if anyone knows what Tony is up to these days, it isn't Steve. He'd been curt, avoided eye contact, and shook his hand as though Steve was some business partner, some salesman, barely breaking his stride, and off again.
"What happened?" Steve asks, not sure if the sudden surge of affection he feels for Tony is in his voice, not sure if it's worth hiding.
Tony's silent. Smashing a chair over a Hill's back seems to help. "What did Peter give up in the first deal? What was Mephisto trying to do?"
"This used to belong to a cult. I liked the location, bought it after taking them down," Tony tells him as they unload the car. "Don't have the key on me, could you get that?"
"Pay him no mind, Captain. Hogun habitually greets defeat with the face of a small girl," Fandral says, and smiles widely at Hogun's snarl. "But the pair have been in deliberations for quite some time now."
It's not relief that Tony's alright as much as stunned incredulity – he can handle it if his house is ripped apart.
"Since May is still dead," Tony says, and three more Hills jog through the front. Steve brings up his arm, shielding his face from an explosion of glass as a fourth breaks in through the balcony door. "I'm assuming Mephisto reneged. Jesus Christ, how many did she make?"
"Look," Steve starts, ready to tell rather than ask about visiting Hank, but Tony's grabbing at his arm, pointing off to the side.
He'd been kidding when he mentioned clean up, but it turns out to be a welcome distraction and the Young Avengers are helping clear the streets of rubble, bracing various compromised buildings by the time Peter and Johnny come by to collect the Hulk that Teddy's subdued.
It's only then that he notices Tony's body, frowning. "This way," he says, directing them deeper into the lab, and his arms have already prepared the examination area by the time the rest of his body gets there, fingers moving deftly on a keyboard that only appears in a bright spot of color where he touches. Tony, still limp, eyes still glazed and blank, lies where Steve sets him on the table. "Did his condition improve at all?"
"Had a nightmare," Tony tells him between progressively deepening kisses, new angles, new scratches, new bumps and scrapes of teeth. Tony's arms are wrapped around Steve's back, fingers digging into his shoulders. "You were dead."
"The only thing you did yesterday was tell the truth," Steve says. "That's all I've ever wanted from you. You told me about your satellites, and you apologized for killing me," something they'll have to discuss again. "You apologized to Thor."
"Oh, thank goodness," Sue says. "We were worried that our friend here might've maimed some SHIELD agents. Johnny," she says, into a communicator. "You can come back, we found the driver."
He raises an eyebrow at the fries Tony adds in a neat row, sticking to the mustard/ketchup/relish goo; that's new.
"We really don't have much information – we're reporting everything as we get it. We can't even verify that this was an attack," says Murray. "The Fantastic Four, ten blocks down, have been unavailable for comment. All we know is that what remains of the upper tier of Stark Tower is now dust, powdering the streets around me."
He pulls back at that, to get a decent look at Tony's face – eyes still closed, lips wet and parted; Steve has to consciously resist going in for a second attack.
"While picturing Thor attacking every Verizon and NASA satellite currently in orbit is amusing, I had something a little more direct in mind."
Steve just shakes his head, standing. He doesn't want to argue about this, and Tony doesn't need to hear it. "I think I'll get some food. You hungry?"
"Nice follow through," he says, as Tony knocks a Hill back, then uses the momentum to swing it around, slamming its head into the wall.
Tony actually covers his mouth, quickly closing the door behind him. "Where did you get a hold of that suit?"
Tony stares blankly before Volstagg says, "No, Fandral, that is the gallant doctor. I believe the word you're after is Clooneying."
"Something catch your--" Tony stops abruptly, eyes scanning the engraving, and Steve knows it's too late, and rather irrational, but he has to resist the urge to cover it with a protective hand; the spelling errors, the clumsy wording.  His parents had been poor, uneducated, and well aware of it.  His mother had pushed Steve hard be anything
"You're Hart estate," Tony says, nodding to himself, eyeing the ceiling. "Of course he's Hart estate, how did I miss that?"
A shift, Tony's sitting up slowly, and Steve pulls back from his thoughts as if scorched, feeling caught and surprisingly guilty.
Tony hadn't slept for days, there's no way he's awake and gone and safe, and he has a clear vision of the man in the exact position Steve left him, deeply asleep as Brock kicks in the door -
Crossbones and Sin generally aren't thugs for hire. But they're not exactly principled, and no doubt easy to buy off. When opponents of a certain Mayor Dodd, up for reelection against Councilmember Gawrych, began getting indiscriminately mowed down by the pair, it wasn't hard to figure out what had happened.
Tony had felt like he meant it in the hall; Steve's well aware of Tony's reputation, but – well, it's probably foolish to judge the level of someone's commitment on a kiss, but Steve finds it hard to believe this would just be a fling to him.
"Is this the satellite that vexes you?" Thor asks, outside the window, hoisting a mess of metal and wires the size of a minivan above his head.
He stiffens at the sudden voice, soft and low next to his ear. "Bucky," he greets, then processes what he actually said. Possibly a joke, but his expression gives away nothing.
"I wasn't going to abuse it. Any of it," he says, looking stubbornly forward. "These precautions I set up, the satellites and . . . I know the risks. I'm not making excuses, I'm just saying every time it's gone wrong, it's because of Ultron, or a malfunction, or Osborn–"
Fandral gives Tony an encouraging, if a little too vigorous, pat on the back, then he and Volstagg join them on the side. Hogun stands on the opposite end of the field, large, dark frame still, and the sight of the horseman's pick in his hands is a relief. It certainly looks nasty, but it's easily controlled by someone of Hogun's strength, and patently non-lethal.
He just sheds his battle-worn shirt. It's sweaty and grimy, but it'll be better than nothing when the agents arrive.
"But I don't understand," Volstagg says. "Why do you attack us, if you hold no ill-will toward our lord?"
He never saw Maria Stark, in all the photographs and footage he dug up, smile that smile.  He didn't expect to, though, it's a smile only given in private moments.  It's a smile his gut tells him Tony got from her.
The urge to argue is frustrated by the fact that Pepper is nowhere within hearing distance, and she has something of a valid point. "Did someone hurt her kids?"
The borrowed clothes hang on Tony. Sam's legs are longer, and he's thicker, bigger in general, entire body packed with muscle – the kind of result that looks like Sam had access to serum, or some other meta means, but is just hard, dedicated work.
Confused, exhausted and desperate, it was Steve's door Tony collapsed at. Where he knew he'd be safe. It wasn't just chance, Steve's sure of that now. More sure every second, after Tony's confused glance at his hand, his expression taking on that trapped look, the one from the hall.
His question of what, or why it seems to bother him so much is answered when he leans over to get a better look, angling the car to provide some illumination from the headlights. Sure enough, the grounds of the Avenger's Mansion is littered with construction equipment, a distinct house shape in the middle of forming.
Steve's throat feels thick, and he blinks rapidly, blindsided by memories of a woman with a soft voice and calloused hands.  He'd been thankful, of course, that morning all those years ago, but only now did he have real appreciation for how much she must've scrimped and saved to make that birthday a special one. Real appreciation for the woman she was.
"With a touch of a finger," Jack smiles. "Lucky for them the exposure was weak enough that it shouldn't come back after I'm through."
Tony nods behind them; a second Maria Hill enters through the still-open door, then a third, and a fourth.
"Leave Sin and Gawrych to you? No," Steve says. Unacceptable. People think these kind of situations are judgment calls, about calling one life more worthy than others, but it's not. It's about doing the right thing, even when it physically hurts. And what he's about to do is definitely going to hurt. "Assault team, do you copy?"
He goes north, hardly notices the extra distance, or the lake that he traveled it for. The conversation replays, and he replaces what was said with rants. With apologies. Imagines Tony's reactions, ridiculous and indulgent realizations that he was wrong, that he's missed Steve, too, that it's all been a misunderstanding. That he and Steve can work together like they used to, and he stops that train of thought forcibly before it gets too embarrassing or painful.
"Fascist," sneers a young woman, what little hair not buzzed close to her scalp bleached blond, in a startling display of ignorance. But they comply.
And then he passes out, the energy that inherently follows Tony Stark around going with him, shutting off like a light switch.
It's a surprisingly calm statement. "What?" Steve asks, taking to the air, because he really needs something to do with his hands, some kind of distraction.
"Nay, our search for the Avenger called Iron Man has led us across all paths of the world," says the man in the middle, tall and fat, with a startlingly red beard and, as if that weren't enough, wearing bright pink. "He has a myriad hearths and towers, we have searched them all."
Steve expects to see a frown when they finish, when Tony turns toward him, but is surprised by one of the brightest smiles Steve's seen from Tony since – since far too long.
"I was calling a fire station. I said that when I left, remember?" Steve says, but Tony just stares blankly. Eerie. "You alright?"
"WANT!" roars the Hulk, now lifting its leg into the car, and Steve wrenches the wheel to the side to compensate, but they still end up flying sideways. Tony's too slow in his drunken state; he grabs wildly for the arm rest, the seatbelt, Steve's arm, but can't get a decent grip, sliding out the open door.
Large, boldly standing Sky Wolves, Whizzers and Red Ravens lined an entire walkway of the local sports arena, along with about a dozen American flags.
Pete winds his web around Bill's neck, then drops down, where She-Hulk and Wolverine grab hold, and plant their feet . . . before being dragged down the street.
"Fifteen.  Do I hear fifteen-five?" The auctioneer calls out. His mother's hair would curl if she knew the amount of money being tossed around for this.  A woman in the back raises a tentative card.  "Fifteen-five."
A terrifying thought, Tony actually looking for help – that there's something intimidating enough to force Tony to swallow his pride, admit he can't solve every possible crisis on his own. To look for Steve's help, when the man's made it pretty clear he'd like nothing to do with him.
Spotting the familiar silhouette of a SHIELD Containment crew bird, Steve turns, gesturing for Tony to follow.
It's a bit higher than he'd anticipated in his distraction, an impossible height to roll off, super serum or no. He pulls himself into a crouch, shield under his feet, it's going to have to absorb the impact, which leaves himself painfully open for the two remaining suits, now circling closer. Without Tony to man them, the suits seem to be more for show, slow and ineffective, but Steve's not exactly a small target. Eventually, they'll get lucky.
"Thank you, Reyes," Steve says, and closes the communicator. Tony's not snickering, but he is smiling again. "I really think this is someone's way of punishing me."
Different topic. Anything. "I pulled out an old sketch book – one from the war. I showed it to you once, I don't know if you remember. I want to finish a few of the pieces; you told me you'd like that. I sort of like the unfinished look, but I think I'll try it, with a few. The ones of the London skyline. I liked the start I had with those."
Steve's taking this home -- he stares at the reserve price.  Good lord, there's no way she spent that much.
"Yes sir, they seem to be the rogue equipment's primary targets," she says. "We're blocking off the areas, but the jets are shooting up anything they can get a decent aim on, and every time we blow one out of commission, another just flies in to take its place. And I hear they're having a hard time keeping government sanctioned teams out, the last thing we need is this catching, taking over tanks and then nukes. Excuse me, sir."
Sam's neighbors, in varying states of consciousness, now have an extra, wall-sized window, and Steve can see some of them blink awake in confused disbelief.
"That's . . . harder to put simply," Reed says. "Extremis is a part of Tony, down to his cell structure. He was remade, if you remember. Every part of it, even that one line of code, is in his every cell. I'm currently working on a program to purge the code, but a continual problem is . . . well, taking out a piece of foundation without making the entire tower collapse, if you will. And, considering how advanced the technology is we're talking about, even if I successfully purged it, Extremis would no doubt eventually fill the hole with a similar directive," he says. Then, with a touch on the shoulder that feels extremely mechanical, "Don't worry, Captain, Tony will be fine."
Steve stifles his laughter as best he can.  "This had better stop being adorable at some point, or it's going to be difficult to continue," he says.
"Brock says it's alright, Cap! It wasn't a wasted trip! He says he found something to entertain himself."
Considering his mood, Steve would like nothing more than to pretend not to hear the voice, carry on to bed, but unfortunately, he's not a twelve-year-old. He sighs, pressing his communicator into his forehead as he answers. "Agent Reyes."
He reaches the roof as another, presumably accidental, explosion rocks the front yard, just in time to see the giddy grin that brings to Sin's face.
And while Steve's never passed judgment, Tony's relationships always seemed a little less . . . simple. Not that Tony complained, but when a night spent with a woman turned to more, dependency issues always seemed to crop up, intimacy issues, boundaries in general. Either his ladies were trailing behind him like some disciples looking for his approval, or he was jumping through endless hoops for them. A game, almost, one Tony doesn't actually enjoy all that much. Something he just endures, and then a half smile and a shrug, as if to say, what else is there?
"Man of iron and wit!" Fandral calls, sitting back, propping his feet on the table, picking at his teeth. The smallest of the three, it makes sense that he'd have his fill first. "Tell me, in your own words. What is clooney?"
There's no better way to say, 'hey, I'm trying to positively reinforce this whole not trying to control everything in your life deal' than a can of heated ravioli, especially if the person you're talking to is Tony, and he's just woken up, because that man tends to require ridiculous amounts of food directly upon waking, and you're Steve, with a ridiculous amount of canned ravioli – apparently SHIELD had seen fit to stock Steve's home for him when he came back. Better than the first time, and that freezer full of microwave dinners.
