Suddenly, Michael can’t breathe, and he ducks into the nearest empty room — a small recreational room for inmates studying for a GED that’s only used in the afternoon. The tables are already stacked at the side, leaving bare tiled floor.
Dean nods half-heartedly, bending over to open up a box labelled ‘CLOTHES’ in thick black marker on the side. “Yeah, you know, that Meryl Streep and Anne Hathaway movie.” Sam tucks his hands into his jean pockets, still giving Dean a strange look, and Dean rolls his eyes, “It’s got Emily Blunt in it too, she plays that other assistant?”
Dean smiles, pulling Cas's face back towards his as soon as Cas started to move away. His lips hover over Cas's, gentle breath and a thumb brushing over Cas's sharp cheekbone. "You helped."
“Don’t even think about it, he doesn’t swing that way,” Dean shuts down. “Tried it in high school with some kid in his math class, decided guys just aren't for him. Forget it.” Gadreel frowns, glancing over at Sam and Eileen signing to one another, but Dean goes to find Castiel without waiting for his reply. He doesn’t really want to talk to him if he’s just going to ask him to set him up with Sam. “Hey, Castiel. Need anything?”
Dorothy and Crowley sneak up behind Abaddon, hiding behind pillars and doorways before they start blasting at her as well. Caught off-guard, Dorothy nicks Abaddon's shoulder and Abaddon redirects one of her rifles at Dorothy, shooting. One of the bullets almost hits London and Dean pulls her down to the floor in time. The bullet punctures the elevator's wallpaper instead.
They talk about anything that comes to mind and it almost feels like a date. Almost, because Dean still can’t find an opening to allude to their kiss after the runway show, but they are enjoying themselves over Italian dinner and they’re laughing. It feels nice. There is a moment where Cas gets tomato sauce on his nose somehow which he wipes off with his hand and he licks it off his thumb, and Dean has a fleeting want to kiss him but he stays at his side of the table.
He had singled out some hostages at random and handed them fake rifles, urging them to follow Angeles. Angeles, Berlin, Rome, London, and Vegas will go to the loading zone where Dallas and Berlin had set up artillery earlier. Dallas, Salem, and Paris will stay in the main hall to watch the hostages. Angeles settles in front of a browning ground machine gun, ready, and the other robbers disperse themselves among the hostages, who are all confused as to what they're trying to accomplish.
“As it turns out...” Cas smiles, looking at the cover. “Michael’s father is a writer and was very inspired by our first heist. He graciously offered him the manuscript to show us.”
Sam and Dean walk into the throne room and we see, on the throne, ROWENA. She SMILES, happy to see them.
"The fact that you said it out loud does make it very clear," Cas jokes but she knows his knees are probably going to give way any second now. She brings him to lean against her counter and kisses his forehead with a smile.
After a moment, Kansas says, "You both famously don't have a conscience. I can't say that your actions are entirely unpredictable. Maybe we'll send out only hostages in the next supply runs. You can have fifty dead hostages on your ledger while we rob this place clean. Try me again, I have nothing to lose."
"Yeah." Castiel's throat is dry. "Dean, can you go ahead? I'll catch up with you, just give me a minute."
Sam nods, pinching the bridge of his nose. "Okay, good. I'll be there in ten." He hangs up and passes the phone back to Adam, "Thanks, man. But seriously, you gotta get off the police property before you get arrested by someone."
“660 pounds. He got it online with money he saved from work,” Dean answers. “Yeah, this should be good luck. I’m wearing this. Just need some good pants and shoes...” He selects skinny black jeans and rip-off Salvatore Ferragamo Asten Bit loafers he got off some cheap online store for 50 bucks. The quality isn’t so great but Dean has worn it for years and it never let him down.
Castiel is surprisingly a messy eater and Dean laughs when Castiel can’t get ketchup off of his face. But when Dean tries to get it for him, Castiel shoots back into his seat, wide-eyed.
Angeles is an odd guy, for sure. He carries himself almost like military but he has never served and doesn't intend to. He thinks the military is fucked up and after John Winchester, Dean agrees. Angeles arrives not five minutes later, saying, "Abaddon and the other guards are quiet. I ensured that their handcuffs were secure."
Before Dean can say anything in response, bullets suddenly blast at them and they both drop to the ground, looking over. Abaddon laughs loudly, sadistically, as she shoots from her rifle. Dean thanks God that they all decided to wear their Kevlar vests. Both of them get behind the elevator's sides and start to fire at her from the vague cover. Dean shouts over the noise, "If you need to stop shooting, then stop!"
Meg huffs out a breath over her coffee. “Corbett is sweet on Zeddmore from IT, he would never give Tran the time of day.”
better,” Dean says and he despises how venomous it sounds. It’s ironic, then, when Dean thinks about how he thought today was going to be good. More spite threatens to spill out of Dean’s mouth until Cas’s hand touches his arm, gentle and grounding, and Dean’s breath catches in his throat. Anger edges haltingly at him when Cas’s eyes meet his.
“Thanks, Sammy,” Dean grins, pulling Sam into his side for a quick hug. “If you come to visit, let me know in advance. I watched
“I’m going to give you a different outfit. You can’t be at your first Fashion Week in that, the magazine writers will eat you alive,” Castiel says.
Nodding, Sam presses a kiss to her lips before Dean says, "I can go back out. They think I'm a hostage already, they'll be suspicious if I don't come out again."
It’s Sunday, and meeting Gabriel to drive to church is easier than ever before, despite what Cas knows is going to happen when they reach. Castiel feels a sense of ease that he's never felt before, that he truly, completely, belonged at church. The ride has Gabriel telling him to call him when he's landed in France and "that Winchester kid better watch over you, if something happens I will find his ass". Castiel rolls his eyes and says he's older than Dean by one year, and even then Gabriel is still ridiculously protective.
Alastair seems to be keeping a low profile since stabbing John to death last night. He’d walked past Michael a few times without even making eye contact. He’s certainly not going to complain about being ignored by the dealer. Adam had been concerned after finding out about what Alastair does in the prison, but Michael convinced him that he would be alright.
"No, Cas. Come on," Sam says, trying his best to seem like Dean. He thought it'd be easier since he'd watched Dean all their childhoods, trying to be just like him. And yet, he found himself struggling, because while John never cared enough, Cas cared too much. It's hard to lie to someone who's seen how they lie. "Just a weird morning."
“Just admit you like parading the new assholes around,” Benjamin laughs, though he does shove Ishim in the direction of D block and tells him to get moving.
i got a ticket for parking where i shouldn’t and then turns out my date was the mf cop that gave me the ticket
Dean grins and walks over to Dorothy, just freed up by the other customer, and says, “Hey, I need your help. You’ve gotta know your rings well.”
Once they’d split the loot between them, the Dalís headed in separate directions, agreeing to meet again next year to check on one another. Dean, Cas, Sam and Jess went to Italy, of course. Anael’s not exactly sure where Gabriel and Crowley went after. Adam and Michael went back to Detroit. Meg went to Madrid to live the life she and Bela had planned as far as Anael knows.
Lucifer SNAPS his fingers and Betty crumbles to ash. The book, now open, flies right into Lucifer’s hands. He hugs it close to his chest with a grin.
“Whatever,” Ruby mutters. “Anael said Novak called earlier about it, I guess I saw it coming. How much did he pay you to take it down?”
And he totally forgot to tell Jess that 'oh yeah, I'm gonna join the criminals I've spent the past four days trying to catch. My brother convinced me. Turns out he's the mastermind and has been alive this whole time. By the way, might not make it home for a while!'. He owes her so many rainchecks when he gets out...
She looks up and nods, giving him a once-over, “Oh, yeah. I’ll ring him up. My name is Lisa. Nice to meet you, Dean.”
Angeles closes the door behind him and goes to lie down next to Balthazar. After four months of knowing each other, the two had grown considerably close. Obviously, the "no personal relations" rule Kansas imposed didn't mean shit to any of them, not even Kansas himself, apparently. Balthazar and the others all knew about Kansas and Angeles's oddly endearing attachment to each other. Once Angeles is settled in nicely next to him, he says, "My name is Castiel."
Charlie beams, taking one of Dean’s hands in her own and patting it once as she says, “Let me tell you, this one time when Kevin met this girl he liked, he made her dinner and things went on from there. You know what they say, drunken words are sober thoughts. Or in this case, drunken kisses.”
“Dean, check with Giambattista Valli’s rep in case Isaac can’t fix it,” Cas says, quickly plastering on the same cold steel look he gets when he’s going business mode.
Castiel’s crush on Dean gets worse by the day. It doesn’t help that it has been a long while since he has last been in a proper relationship with someone that lasted longer than a cab ride to their apartment. His first boyfriend from high school thought Castiel was too indulgent in things like smoking and drinking which, to be fair, maybe he shouldn’t have been deep-diving in those frankly problematic areas at 17, but Castiel has always been a stressed-out person.
They dressed as Han Solo and Luke Skywalker from Star Wars (Dean as Han, obviously) and they brought me a deerstalker because I’m Sherlock. Dean also bought me candy on the way over and hid them in my drawer. They said I can have them after the operation.
Jess turns to him excitedly. "Oh my God, you have to come to Italy with us! Please, we can probably arrange to fly your mom over too. We can all stay in Palermo. It's beautiful! There's a place near Dean and Cas that emptied out recently, you, your mom and Michael could stay there."
Dean hasn’t spotted Crowley yet and it seems like Gabriel is coming up empty too. He thought that perhaps death row inmates are kept in a separate cell block — he asked Anael to check it out but he really hoped not. He’d probably have to get himself on death row too to get to Crowley then, and that plan is too risky. If he can’t find a way out of there, then they’re both dead.
A hostage situation is the last thing Sam Winchester thought he would be handling on Friday evening but here he is, entering the tent that the police have set up outside the Bank of America. Jody Mills, the deputy inspector, walks up to him and tells him, "The robbers tried to escape earlier but one of them got shot and they ran back in. We're not sure about the extent of their injuries, but two cops got shot too. They're fine, the shots didn't injure them heavily. There are about sixty-seven confirmed hostages."
“Just the party upstairs but I’m good with staying here,” Dean replies dismissively. “What about you? You look pretty hot, I’d think you’d have a date.”
Dean takes the phone from Sam’s hands to read through the transcript of the president’s conference, hands tingling as he scrolls. “No fucking way. I’m dreaming.” The Imperial March theme plays on Dean’s phone — Charlie’s personalised ringtone — and Dean stares. “Oh shit. I’m not dreaming.”
"I think 'We're The Millers' will be funny to watch," Bela says, raising the DVD up to him. He nods, managing a small smile as she sticks the DVD into the player before getting on the couch next to him. She pulls the duvet over so it hangs over both of them and opens the ice cream tub. "Dig in, darling."
Meg’s hands coil into fists and she points accusingly at him. “I don't care if he puts you on the guillotine. You’re supposed to say no!”
Anael was asked by the head guard, Bartholomew, to fetch John Winchester from the bus since he’s the only inmate coming in for the morning. She waits for about ten minutes until the bus finally pulls in through the gate. As expected, Lilith is in the driver’s seat, looking bored out of her mind as she stops the bus and cuts the engine. She turns in her seat and orders John to get out of the bus before she does.
Kelly nods, tapping her pen quietly on the top of her clipboard. “What else do the tabloids say about you, Mr Novak?”
Benjamin nods just as John looks up, squinting in what Anael reads as being surprised. She curses inwardly as the connection sinks in — she’d forgotten that Adam is John’s son too. And here, she thought she’d figured out a way to keep John and Dean apart. Benjamin says, “You think they’re brothers?”
A full month had passed between Castiel and Dean coming to an understanding and now they’re packing up collections for Fashion Week. The office is a mess, people running around to make sure Castiel and his team have everything they need on their travels.
Crowley freezes, halfway onto the truck, and voices what everyone else is thinking, "Davies, you better tell us what went wrong." Mick glares at Meg and she sighs, frustrated. When she opens her mouth to explain, they hear cars rolling up nearby and Dean curses under his breath, moving over to check what it is.
“That’s the thing, Cas. We can’t ever go back to the way things were. We gotta accept that, no matter how much we wish for it,” Dean says. “Toast can’t be bread again.”
I love you and I hope you smile when you see this. You’re my favorite person in the whole world and I don’t know what I would do without you.
“What do you want me to say?” John asks. “I went to the SHU for a fight in the yard. That’s it. I’m not dealing or whatever you’re gonna accuse me of.”
When he's sure that Abaddon will be held off for now -- if the grenade didn't kill her -- Dean and Meg run back to the main hall and see Anael and Crowley kneeling next to Bela's body, the rest standing aside with defeated stares. Meg walks towards her body, slow and disbelieving, and Sam asks Dean quietly, "What happened to Abaddon?"
“His Sherlock thing. He learned it from you,” Dean clarifies, rubbing his hands together as he glances out of the car window. Cas looks back at him and Dean waves him off. Cas hesitates but nods, going off with Sam into school.
Castiel answers, sorting out papers on his desk to avoid looking at Dean. "She tried to convince me that you were the one trying to push me out of my own company. I didn't believe her, of course."
"What the hell do you mean no signals? There's gotta be something," Sam frowns, leaning over the shoulder of a tech expert to read the screen. Sure enough, there's no signal at all. No methods of communication, at least none using radio frequencies, no mobile phones on, no camera footage. Zachariah is right, they're blind and deaf in the tent. They have no way of knowing what's going on inside.
As expected, Dean gets a phone call later that day. He puts down the bowl of pasta on the table and quickly picks up, saying, “Dean Winchester here. Who’s this?”
Dean answers, “He’s at a private Max Mara show. No plus-ones, not even P.As, so I’m here.” Mick nods and looks around, frowning at a man who just walked in. Dean raises an eyebrow, “Who’s that?”
“It’s okay, I know how to do it,” Dean waves dismissively. The program is easy enough to navigate and it doesn’t take long for Dean to get to the company funds. Any passwords he needs to use are already written on a post-it for him on the computer screen, so it’s even more convenient.
Inias smiles at him, “Have fun at Fashion Week, Dean.” Castiel hangs up and calls Inias in and he waves once at Dean before going into the office.
“This is just some really great thing, you know? Fashion. I live it, I breathe it, God knows I’m lucky to work it under your management,” Dean says. “But I won’t let you push me, or them, around like this. I need boundaries if I’m going to be doing this shit for you.”
"What's one thing you wanted to do but haven't gotten to it? Something manageable," Dean asks when they walk through an arcade, passing by some kids playing a racing game. He figures if Cas has that operation coming up then they should get whatever he wanted to be done, done before it happens.
I just wanted Jack to get to be a kid. He never got much of a chance to really live and be a child. Now that Chuck’s gone, I thought he should finally get to do that.
Eileen goes ahead and tells him about how Kid Sam is good in school, and his eyes are the same color as Sam's and sometimes she forgets that that's not Sam's son. Sam tells him about a lawyer in his office who's determined to make him look bad in front of his bosses, and about how Sam retaliated by tripping him in the elevator. Dean listens with a smile on his face, and they all talk over the movie that played at 8 PM.
“Dean, wait,” John calls out. Dean walks to the front door and throws it open, holding one hand out to gesture out the door.
"Completely false," Crowley instantly denies. "Anyone who knows me knows that I am just a thief and nothing else. I would never deal in another living being. Do you have any idea how disparaging it is to be accused of something so offensive when it's not true? I have never been more repulsed. I am just a thief! My morals may be corrupt but I would never do something so sickening." He draws in a deep breath and says in a calmer voice, "I request an investigation into whether the case files were related, between my record and the trafficking case they connected to me. It's likely an unsolved case. I may not be innocent, but I am not evil."
"Bela wanted to get the gold, so we are getting the gold," Meg cuts over Dean firmly. "Are you going to do this or not?"
It's Tuesday night, and I have History with Cas tomorrow. I know he's awake right now -- Cas has a hard time falling asleep (not insomnia or stress, Cas just doesn't tend to sleep early), and he likes to do puzzles or read until he's tired. Ever since we started dating, he's taken to texting me instead. Right now, he's texting me about last week's Sunday choir. They sang this song and Gabe cried, which was very funny to Cas (and me).
Sam stares at him and decides that it's not exactly sensitive information to admit that he's running point on this, so he nods, "Yeah. They're some sons of bitches."
Today, Cas has decided to take legal action against Michael's father for selling his work to Dick Roman and on Dick himself for stealing said sold work. Michael is not fine with it.
“I have stitches in my lungs. I get a pass,” Michael replies, making Dean laugh before he winces at his own.
Dean doesn't know how to respond because as much as he won't say it out loud to unsettle the other Dalís, he agreed. He knew the heist was a risky one since Meg laid them out on their dining table. When he heard from Jess that Adam was gone, Dean understood he should've told Meg no and sent her on her way. He knew this plan was already crumbling around them. It didn't seem so bad now but he knew better. Once you hit rock bottom, you can only go to hell.
"She always says that and then I have to walk in on them making out in her office two weeks later." Crowley rolls his eyes. "I think Myers has a crush."
Man, I’m fucking crying. Everything reminds me of you. The sky, these fucking kids singing, can’t even look at our snails without breaking down. Damn it, Cas. I miss you so bad. This hurts.
"What are you doing here?" Dean asks instead of answering Michael, straightening up and rubbing his eyes with his sleeve. "Thought you guys worked the night shift on Mondays."
The chauffeur takes them straight from the NOVAK building to the Skylight Clarkson Square in Manhattan, about two hours before the event starts so they have time to settle in and get ready. Castiel hands the outfits off to models he thinks suits the outfits best, hugs Anna for good luck and then sends them off with Gabriel and his team to handle their makeup for the runway.
In the truck, they slow to a stop at the security gate of the bank. Dean looks out the other window so the bank's security guard can barely see his face and he coughs a little obnoxiously in way of warning. The security guard bends down to look through the car window and asks, "Everything good?"
"How old, Dad?" Sam asks, his voice steady, but Dean knows him well enough to be aware when he's about to explode.
"Maybe," Dean shrugs, still smiling. "But I’m not letting you go without marrying you first. So will you marry me?"
unreachable, Kansas isn't that far from --" Castiel cuts himself off and narrows his eyes at Balthazar. "You think you're slick."
Castiel nods once, formal, and says, “It went well. Rowena MacLeod starts work here in two weeks. Change her in the company’s database to the marketing director of NOVAK instead of Gucci. When she comes in on Monday in two weeks' time, you will show her to her office. Do you know where it is?”
. Dean peers over her shoulder in his strain and sees Cas holding up a finger to his lips, a blue tie in his hand.
John nods slowly, trying to comprehend Dean’s short rant. Eventually, he says, “I just don’t understand how this happened. Is this because I left?”
For now, Dean is following Castiel all over the building as he gets them to bring everything to where it needs to be.
“This is about more than you talking,” Dean says, making sure John stays down. His face is clearly hurt, his nose leaking crimson, and his uniform has been dirtied by their shoes. “This is about how you left me and Sam! How you left Adam and his mom! All the bullshit you said to us, and the bullshit you never did. How you never left Sam and Jess alone no matter how many times they asked. You just never know when to stop.”
Dallas grins, leaning against the wall as he listened to them talk. “Didn’t figure you for the family type, brother.”
"I forgot to tell you that Sam's coming over in a couple of hours," Dean pipes up suddenly, his fingers stroking the lapel of the jacket.
"None taken," Dean huffs out a small laugh. Castiel doesn't say that he's sorry, and doesn't offer a pitiful hug, and he doesn't try to get Dean to say more than he wants to. He doesn't do any of the sappy shit Dean doesn't want to get and Dean likes him so much. He sniffs, runs a hand over his face. "I should go, Sam's still downstairs."
While she types, she asks, “Any reason why you want dirt on a powerful fashion magazine director and designer?”
Dean, Angeles and Salem get about ten hostages to stand around aiming guns when the two cops bring the supplies to the entrance. The collection is easy enough and it's no more than three minutes before the cops are on their way out. Dean and Angeles bring the medicine and food up to the office for the hostages waiting there while Paris and London watched the hostages in the main room, waiting for Salem to arrive with her portion of the food.
Thankfully, Adam could tell Michael was exhausted after the surgery and insisted on getting dinner at the diner near the hospital instead of going home to cook something together. Michael never knew how to say no to Adam and it's not like he has the energy to cook tonight anyway so he agrees. The diner, Three Guys, is open until 9 at night, so it's good that Michael was free by 7:30. Adam and he always waited for the other to be done for the day before eating dinner outside or going back to their apartment to cook together.
"Dead on impact," Crowley says, standing and turning away to look for something to cover her body with, and Meg takes his place by Bela's side, devastated. They were pretty close the entire time they knew each other, clicking like the safety of a gun.
Dean gathers Adam and Angeles again to talk about their next move, Adam and Dean informing Angeles that Sam and his team have discussed and decided to take Jack Kline instead of the ten other kids. Dean has to admit that he'd been a little concerned when Sam told him their choice because if the decision went public -- and it will -- Sam would get implicated since he's leading the investigation. Though Dean didn't think Sam would go with the more morally compromising decision, Adam told him that it was Zachariah's insistence and that he will bear the responsibility.
"You're bleeding out. It doesn't matter," Dean says. It did hurt a little bit but it's nothing compared to what Rowena must be feeling in her leg. Cas comes out of the truck to ask what's going on and Dean says, "Cas, I'll see you again at the rendezvous, promise."
Rome and Salem hand out sleeping bags to the hostages and ensure they have enough water to last the night while Angeles follows Dean up to the office. Their shared shift to watch the hostages isn't for another two hours, after Rome and Salem, so they can rest for a while. Dallas and Berlin go to handle the gold vault with Dallas's men who had arrived before the alarms were enabled. Rome and London have taken some hostages of London's selection to go to the machinery to begin production of banknotes. Vegas is keeping an eye on the security, especially Abaddon. For now, everything is in place.
When he's done, he finally realizes he'd gone from standing at the window to lying on his bed with dried tear tracks on his cheeks. He hates getting this emotional around anyone, even if Cas isn't physically there. Romancing, Dean will gladly be emotional, but this depressing shit? Dean keeps it bottled up because all it's done for him is scare people away.
“I’d rather not be living in fear as trained military assassins played cat and mouse with us, thank you,” Cas says dryly, though his fingertips gently caressed the material of the mask. “But Kansas was truly something else. I didn’t miss the terror but I do miss working with you.” Cas gets up so he’s now kneeling and, putting a hand on one of Dean’s shoulders for support, he leans forward to press a kiss to the mask’s cheek. “I think it’s better for the both of us if you didn’t come back again, as much as it hurts me to say it.”
I have an operation at the end of the year to replace a heart valve. I was on a waitlist and they said they'll be ready around October.
A look of relief washes over Castiel’s face — Dean thinks he’s grateful to Dean for not saying anything about his fear about being seen publicly close with a man. He launches back into a story of the first time Gabriel tried alcohol and how he got so drunk that Anna and he barely managed to sneak him back into the orphanage. Gabriel woke up in pink panties with American flag-themed glasses on. The story leaves them both laughing and the moment is forgotten by the time they make it back to the NOVAK building.
Dean affirms, “He confirmed too. Krysten’s up for the dress too. So is Benedict Cumberbatch with the blue suit, but I think the green tie will work better with the open blazer than the red one —“
Dean nods, suggesting, "Set a timer." Cas obeys, setting the timer on his phone for 10 minutes before he sets it down on the counter. Cas watches silently as Dean heats up oil on a saucepan before putting in a mix of ingredients that Cas has no idea how he knows what to put in when.
With Kansas's permission, some of the hostages, if they wanted to, were allowed to film short messages for their families. Once they're done recording, Kansas will send it to Windom to send to the police so they can be distributed to their respective families. It's a nice enough gesture, though Vegas thought it was risky. She knows London and Berlin would agree with her but they're busy making their money to bother with something as trivial as video messages that won't last longer than a minute each.
"We just heard her in that room," Gabriel says, pointing to the one they just secured. Dean nods and says, "Pair off, go to the unchecked rooms. Fire a shot if you find her." They go back into their original pairs, resuming their search, ears tuned to any sounds above their heads.
"Hey, it is," Adam says, surprised to see him in Lenox Hill so late in the day. He pats Michael's chest once to beckon him and asks, "Can you go talk to him? I need to tell the server where we'll be sitting."
” At Anael’s shrug, he says seriously, “This is not some ‘a life for a life’ shit. You do not want to piss off someone who knows at least six ways to kill you and get away with it.”
Dinner passes fairly quick with childhood stories and funny anecdotes and soon they’re stumbling through the warm evening, laughing with each other about the time Dean was trying to woo the new boy in town, Lee Webb, and he didn’t know how to woo boys at the time so he tried surprising him at the fast-food joint he worked part-time at, only to get instantly tackled to the ground with Lee shouting at him that he’ll call the cops. Cas can't believe that Lee agreed to a date after that.
Crowley almost laughs. Whoever did that has got some guts, he had to admit. If they found out who ratted them out, the informant will be dead before morning.
Adam listens to the soft 'beep' of the barcode scanner as a woman buys something at the counter. He paces the shelves, trying to find an opening to swipe some medicine without getting caught. He didn't have enough money on-hand to buy everything he needed when he was already using what little he had for rent, bills and taxes.
He doesn't sit in for the meeting and waits at his desk outside of Cas's office. When it hits 7:30, Dean is sent to pick up two lawyers and bring them to the office. When it's a little over 7:45, Sam goes into Cas's office, leaving Dean with a 'wish me luck' expression, crossing his fingers before he disappears behind the door.
He wishes he knew how to make Angeles feel better. He'd never been quite so upset during their one year before the heist so it's not like Dean is an expert on Angeles 101. But he could just put some distance between him and the guy who planned the mutiny. It'll have to do for now until they can get out and give Balthazar a proper funeral that isn't in a shitty storage basement.
Dean looks at Michael, feeling more determined than ever that he can bring Cas home. He jumps right back on their plan, inspired with hope.
Castiel tries to convey every inch of sincerity in his gaze and Dean’s mouth falls open like he wants to say something, but he doesn’t, waiting for Castiel to continue.
“I’ll let him know tomorrow. It’s lights out in a bit,” Anael says, taking a seat on the front row of the benches. “He had this reunion with his dad today, I saw it from the surveillance room.”
Concerned, Anael offers, “I’ll keep watch, make sure Bartholomew doesn’t see you.” Dean doesn’t protest, taking up her help, and they move to the laundry room. Michael remains silent the whole time, his jaw tight, and before long, they’re there.
“All I’m saying is that if Benjamin doesn’t want to get stuck with studio cleaning duty then he shouldn’t have stolen my candy bars!”
Sam suddenly pats Dean on his arm to get his attention, eyed glued to his screen. “Dean, oh my God.”
Crowley looks up thoughtfully, weighing options, and says, "Gold production has already started. I can have someone work on that door while the rest of us do gold... Or I can save some time and bomb the door. But won't it damage what's inside?"
"It's Sam, he wants to ask you something," Dean explains. Castiel nods and takes the phone from Dean, nodding along as Sam talks to him.
There, she saw the most beautiful woman she’d ever seen. Going up to her, Anael learned that her name is Ruby and that she was looking for a roommate to split the rent with. Ruby had an apartment in a much nicer part of the city compared to Anael’s and plus, gorgeous roommate, so it seemed like an easy decision.
Jo looks out of the window, watching as the police began setting up base outside the Factory. She turns to Sam, notifying, “The cops found us, we should tell Dean.”
Dean grabs his arm as hard as he can manage. "Stop, I’m not letting you go out there. I’m not gonna destroy you."
Looking over the monitors, Anael leans closer to the screens when she sees who looks like Alastair pulling Michael into his cell. “Did you see that?”
“Splendid,” he says, flashing a clearly fake smile. Benjamin shoves him forward, saying ‘Gate 1-1’ into his radio. The gate slides open and Crowley follows Benjamin through.
“It's okay. Thanks, Dean,” Adam smiles, young and light. He can see faint traces of John in his face, but it’s obvious that he doesn't take after him very much. “Listen, I have to start heading back to the hospital, I’ve got an operation in two hours to get to and I like to prepare ahead of time. I’ll call you sometime.” Dean wonders how a surgeon sleeps peacefully with all those lives in their hands; he wonders if Adam sleeps at all.
"I love you but please stop talking." Dean kisses Cas's nose before checking to see that the water for the pasta is beginning to boil. "Can you get the spaghetti noodles ready? I think the whole box is fine, it's not that big a box."
Dean rocks back on his heels as he glances around the pool -- he reached first. After a moment, he decides to sit on the bleachers to wait for Snail Dude. If he's right about 'Clarence' -- because come on, it's not like Clarence is a common name around here -- then Meg calls Cas Clarence, and Snail Dude named the second snail Clarence, and Snail Dude is Cas.
"Gabriel got this for me as a joke!" Cas defends. After a pause, he admits quietly, "And it's comfortable."
"Thieves recognise thieves, how else would I know how to catch you and take this?" the man replies, smiling. "My name is Michael."
Kelly smiles encouragingly, “That’s still good! And you told your friend Rowena too a while ago, I remember you told me.” Castiel nods, looking down at his hands. It’s been just a little over three months since he started dating Dean, three months since he started therapy with Kelly Kline, and he already feels a lot better than before. Not enough that he would announce it to the world, but two people are better than none, even if he never used exact words. Kelly taps the tip of her pen on the top of her clipboard in thought, humming to some pop song Castiel doesn’t know the name of. He does hear it blasting every time he passes Forever 21, though. “It’s the little steps that get you far.”
That sends Dean into a fit of laughter, looking down at his NOVAK fit as his hands trail up Cas’s sleeve, pulling him closer. “Yeah, I know.”
No response to his prayer. Jack’s face crumples in pain and they begin to walk back to the bar -- the flowers wither as they pass them.
Cas watches the remaining hostages and releases four of them every half an hour while Dean ensures everything is running smoothly on all ends. He mostly manages the hostages' release as well. He wanted to get all the minors out as soon as possible, and afterwards, the ones with medical issues, followed by hostages decided by everyone else. It's fair that way.
"I don't eat," Cas agrees. "But Dean enjoys cooking, so I thought it was strange that he didn't do so this morning."
Knowing that she's well-liked among the hostages, Chuck asked Anael to spread the word about the escape plan and she promised she would.
"They're escaping!" Paris shouts, running into the governor's office where Dean was with Meg, Salem and Angeles. "The hostages are escaping right now!"
"The heist," Dean replies, fiddling with the hem of his shirt now that his hands are free from the distraction of a cigarette. "What I'll do after." A moment passes and then two, and Dean finds himself asking, "What are you gonna do with your share?"
Ten minutes of staring at the blueprints later, she spots it -- a small unaccounted empty space between two rooms. She grabs her radio and says into it, "There's a room between the offices down to your left, Meg."
“You kidding? You made this yourself, right?” Sam asks, touching the ‘SW’. “This is the best gift I’ve gotten.”
Last he heard, Charlie started some kind of tech start-up and Dorothy became a bounty hunter for runaway court cases. Gabriel went back to light thievery, wherever the hell he is. He never stays in one place too long. Anael had settled into a relationship with some girl. Ruby, if Dean remembered correctly. Meg still goes on mini-heists, but never anything as large of a scale as the heists she followed Dean on. He and Cas see Sam and Jess every once in a while — Sam and Jess are working at the same law firm right now, though they're trying to get their own firm, Winchester & Moore, off the ground. Sam also finally proposed to Jess a few months ago, in a semi-elaborate set-up with Dean and Cas's help. Adam and Michael lived in some white picket fence place in Detroit, as far as Dean knows. Maybe they moved since he last spoke to them. Dean thinks Mick quit the Metropolitan police.
Anael huffs a half-hearted laugh, staring up at the ceiling. A thin crack runs through the painted concrete that disappears near the edge of the wall. “No.” However, she does sit up to regard London. “Have you ever gone to prison?”
"Awesome." Dean glances at Cas and then back at the camera. "We got the diamonds and gold's starting production. Now we just have to see how long we can go before we get caught."
“Are you sure I can’t help you with those?” Dean asks. He figures if he’s gonna kiss ass, he should start now.
Dean leans in closer, explaining, "In the gold vault where you're working, there's the door at the back, right?" When Crowley nods, Dean continues, "Back there are state secrets. Not just America. Any country with shit to hide, there's something there. If we run out of Jack and Frank, that's our backup insurance."
“Yeah,” Dean repeats absently, reading the digits over and over again in his head. Cas walks them to the elevator and a minute later, he’s back at Dean’s side.
"Why are you wearing a mask and they aren't?" One of the surgeons asks, glancing at Crowley and Meg.
“Think about it,” John says deliberately. “You haven’t done anything yet so I assume you’re just waiting for someone. The only other person with me in ad-seg at the time was MacLeod. I can destroy this in minutes. I’ll give you time to think it over. I expect to hear the plan by tomorrow.”
"Yeah, I'll let you know later when he's back from lunch," Dean replies, putting the Hermés bag on Castiel's chair and the polaroids on his desk.
By 2:57 PM, Meg’s end is still silent and Dean can tell that Cas is getting impatient waiting for her answer. He pipes up from his desk, “I can call her.”
“Get the body out of the building before tomorrow starts,” Dean says and Adam nods, waving to Gabriel to help him as Dean begins plotting. “We’re leaving tomorrow as soon as everything is settled. I’ll get Dorothy and Jo to pick the three of us up in the truck. We need to leave before evening."
Though Dean wanted to start his own label someday, he supposes he wouldn't be upset at all if he ended up working for Cas instead.
“It was too painful,” John says, looking down at his hands like it doesn't just further agitate them. "I couldn't go back to the house Mary died in... I loved her."
Cas comes back into the living room, now dressed in a combination of Dean's closet — a bright pink feather boa in his hands, from the time Jo wanted an Elton John-themed birthday party, red sunglasses that Dean got because he really likes the Iron Man movies, a silk floral shirt from Louis Vuitton that Dean took from company storage, a pair of unbranded loose shorts, a cowboy hat from Halloween two years ago, plus a right sock. The sock is on halfway up his ankle, leaving empty space at the tip, and the glasses sit crookedly on the bridge of his nose.
Castiel sighs but gets up anyway, leaning on the headboard. "I have the odd feeling that something is going to go horribly wrong when we're there... I can't seem to shake it. I keep running through the plan in my mind, the parts of it that we have learned so far, and it's immaculate. I can't find any fault. But as clever as Kansas is, nobody can plan for everything and I suppose that's where my worry lies. I can't imagine what could go wrong; it could be a million things. But in the event that I die, I would like someone to know my real name... so I can die as Castiel and not as Los Angeles."
Cas glances back at him and maybe it’s the sunset, but his cheeks tint red as he says, “You’re not even looking at the sunset.”
They follow her to the lobby where the door is and Charlie says, "I have to open the door manually."
"You seem like the type," Dean hums in thought. He could see it; Angeles as some big shot CEO. His black hair styled up neatly and him dressed in a suit. In the house where they studied for the heist for a year, Angeles often wore suits but frequently without the blazers, so the image isn't hard to picture in his mind's eye. "You'd be good at it. Focussed, bossy."
"Hey, relax, okay?" Dean says, raising his hands and letting his rifle fall back onto his chest. "Let him go. Come on, he's injured."
"I'm sure they won't. They need him for information," Eileen reminds. "He's more useful to them alive than dead."
A moment of quiet between them tides over into one where they both laugh and Kansas says, "We should get going. Did Rome tell you I was coming?"
"Jail," Angeles answers, a little steely. "Someone planted drugs on him and he couldn't prove his innocence. He's supposed to be out in a few months and I wanted to give him some of my money so he can restart too."
“He’s my husband. There’s nothing to think about, the answer is no,” Cas replies. “Don’t tell me you’re considering it.”
Dean knocks on Castiel's office door once and walks in with Sam and Eileen. Castiel has dressed in his Prada double-breasted wool coat again; Dean thinks that's probably his favourite coat. He also has on a Ralph Lauren Kent Glen plaid twill suit under it. His black hair is professionally styled as always, and his blue eyes stand out with his tie. He looks damn good. Castiel looks up from his computer and says, "Good morning, Dean. Are these..."
“You should do what you think is best,” Cas says. Dean’s thankful that Cas doesn’t seem bothered at all at the change in atmosphere. It might have felt uncomfortable with anyone else, but with Cas, it felt normal. “Whatever you do, I’ll be here for you. And I’m sure Sam will as well.”
“Maybe when we’re leaving. She said something about seeing us off at the airport,” Cas replies. They walk up to the front desk and Cas speaks in fluent French to the clerk who types something into his keyboard before gesturing to the elevator.
"It's okay, I'll manage. Thank you, sweetie," Abaddon says, falsely kind. "I do keep my word. I'll set your Angel free." She releases her hold on Cas and he stumbles forward. Dean catches him in his arms and holds him up, bringing him back to the rest.
“Yeah, just finished the final one. Castiel promised that the office will be a little slacker since Fashion Week is over, so you just let me know when you’re coming,” Dean says into the phone. While he kept a lookout for the limo, he decided to call Sam to pass the time.
Cas realises what Dean is getting at and he calls quietly, "Dean." A strange look passes Detroit's face.
“Alright. Tonight at 10, I’ll be in the laundry room. We need to figure out all the places with cameras and all the places we can get the hell out of here by,” Dean says, staring down as if talking to his food.
A man shouts a name, barely audible over the sound of blood thundering, threatening to abandon its vessel. A heart that feels like it's about to explode with a pain that grabs and doesn't let go, not even for a second to catch a breath. It's almost as if the lungs have gone completely useless with the effort it takes to drag in even the most pathetic of gasps. It's even more effort to keep the oxygen within the ribcage.
She tails the hostages to the boiler room and her fingers graze the gun, lightly pushing open the door so it makes no sound.
Dean inwardly grimaces — the relationship talk is just weird no matter when he got it. When he brought back his first partner, some girl in elementary school he no longer remembered the name of — Rhonda? Who knows? — Bobby and Ellen were strange about it, at least it was strange to a young boy. Asking if he really had a girlfriend. Dean never liked talking about that. He gives John a forced smile. "Yeah." He regretted doing a Q&A on Twitter when he was tipsy over some good champagne. He faintly remembered answering someone's question of if he was single with a blatant 'hahaha nooo i'm taken losers'.
Dean instantly dismisses, "Nobody's leaving the bank, man. We know how to remove a bullet and if I remember correctly, one of the hostages is a vet. Amelia something. We'll manage."
“That’s business, Mr Novak. I’m sorry, but you should have stopped it when you had the chance,” Anael mocks over the phone before she hangs up, infuriating Castiel so deeply that he slams a hand onto his desk, breathing heavily.
Crowley looks away to think. He can argue for immunity for Rowena as well as the others whose identities have been exposed. He just had to give Dean up — somehow, it's easier said than done. Even if they successfully capture Dean and imprison him for life, Castiel is admittedly more terrifying than Dean is. For one, he has no qualms about murder. For two, Castiel has quite a number of contacts in the criminal underworld, much like Dean, Crowley, Anael and Michael. He can easily find out it was Crowley who sold Dean out and, well, he knew how that would end for him.
“Yes, I just came here to let you know what happened to the tapes,” Anael clarifies. “Adam already arranged it with Michael.”
“I fail to see why me looking away is such a big factor,” Cas says flatly, though he does turn back around to face away from Dean. He hears some rustling behind him and then, quietly:
Castiel stares at him like he's grown another head which just makes Dean laugh again, and Castiel shakes his head. "At least now I know why you and Charlie get along so well."
Meg's look sobers a little bit at that. Sam remembered it from the first heist. Though she still had a bullet to go before killing Dean, Sam had been shaken up by how close he was to losing his brother for real. When they all got back together for the second heist, Sam refused to talk to Meg until 3 months later. At least Sam knew now that even Cas hasn't forgiven her for playing the dangerous game on Dean. Maybe Dean hasn't either.
Mick badly wanted to help Adam but he knew he was more help hidden than putting himself out on the line. He did offer Adam water whenever Naomi and Ketch's onslaught lets up. He can tell Adam's resolve is taking a hit from all the beating and kicking but he can also see that Adam is determined to keep his mouth shut about the heist and everyone involved. He hasn't even outwardly confirmed if he himself is connected to the heists or not. Pierce Moncrieff even agreed with Mick that releasing Adam seemed like a more productive option compared to their futile attempts to beat answers out of him.
Cas finally says, “Dean, I can’t… I don’t want you alone in there. Prison is hard. You said it yourself, I was there for three years. I know how things work. It can change you if you aren’t careful, people in there do things they never get to live down just to make sure we get to the next day.”
The boy thinks about it before he shrugs, “Fine. I need a little more excitement in my life. I’m Castiel.”
"No, I know that," Bela rolls her eyes. "Think about it... This photoshoot and interview was set up by one of your employees, right? A collaboration piece between Marie Claire and Vogue about us and the photographer likes you?"
"Showtime, assholes," Dean says, covering his face with his mask and pulling the hood up over his head. Angeles already has his on and Rome, Paris, and Berlin follow suit. When Dallas comes back, they wait for the truck and cop cars to come their way while Salem works on jamming radio communication between the cop cars and the bank. By the time the truck is on their road, they run up to them with rifles and guns.
Two months after Missouri, Sam had finally found it in himself to forgive everyone involved. Anael kept to her wishes, cutting contact from almost every Dalí. As far as Cas knew, she was still friends with him, Jess, Michael, Adam, Rowena, Eileen, Charlie and Dorothy. Michael and Adam flew back to Detroit where Cas hasn't heard from them since. Mick and Meg went radio silent as well, likely out of guilt for selling Dean out. Crowley is still in contact with them; Cas thinks it's out of obligation that they saved him from the electric chair.
"Son of a bitch," Dean exhales, the urgency finally creeping upon him. He has to get the hell out of here.
Dean nods, impressed, and says, "I'm gonna go look at the altar. You coming or do you want to pray? I can go look around while you do that or stay here with you if you want me to."
"Awful. Just awful," Dean shakes his head, leaning over to kiss Cas on the cheek before going to get himself one of the last slices of pizza. It's almost 8 by then. "Who wants the last two?"
Castiel looks up at her from his place on the benches, giving her a faint smile. "Congratulations in advance."
to do with you. That’s just who I am.” At John’s silence, Dean runs a hand over his face, frustrated and angry. “Just forget it, okay? Don’t talk to me, don’t talk to Sam. Don’t even bother talking to Adam, because I know this won’t ride with him. Just stay the hell away from us, asshole.”
Kansas stares, looking at each one of them like he's thinking of his next move. In a split second, he pulls his pistol out of his holster and fires at the ceiling, the shot ringing loudly in the small space. Meg lunges at him, grabbing and sitting him down onto a chair that Paris brings forward. She goes behind him to bind him with handcuffs so he can't fight his way out of it. "I know you're a street brawler, Kansas. I'm not leaving you hands-free. What the hell was that shot for?"
"Confirm my dinner with Bela for tomorrow, ask Channing Ngo where she wants to meet for that interview she wants, and tell Amara Shurley that I don't want her for the streetwear photoshoot," Cas lists off. "Otherwise, that'll be all."
Crowley smiles tightly. “My respect lies with the city-named commander with the Dalí mask who walked right into a police tent and tricked them into saving his life. My loyalties lie with myself.”
“Then on the off-chance that the love of your life is still waiting for you, you want him to see you like
But now he has Dean, who not only loves cooking but is good at it. Dean insists that they try not to eat out so much during their month in Paris and let Dean cook. Or, even better, let Dean teach him how to cook. Dean was excited at the prospect of teaching Cas how to cook, even buying an apron for the occasion with a ridiculous 'KISS THE COOK' printed in bold black on the pocket.
I am grateful, also, for my friends. Crowley, Meg, Sam, Charlie, Kevin, Garth, Jo, Bela, Balthazar, Anael, Inias, Belphegor, Anna. And anyone I have ever met. It is... something special, to have had anyone cross your path. It had to be the right place, the right time, for them to meet you and every person touches you in little ways and sometimes they stick around forever.
Dean feels a little disheartened by what happened the day before. It’s a huge setback, for sure, though it does give Michael a reason to leave any time without suspicion. Of course, this means that Adam took the first ticket out and demanded that Michael be moved to an actual hospital.
He called Adam to meet him at one of the apartments that he knows has been empty for a few weeks now, claiming that it's his own apartment as he clears it with the agent to use for one night. Adam agrees to meet him, of course. When he knocks on the door, Sam can't even process that Kansas is on the other side of the door, that Kansas has literally had coffee with him. That he was right in front of him the whole time and he had been too blind to realise it.
Castiel watches Dean walk away from him, taking out his phone to call for the chauffeur, and he looks at the water. It's deep enough that he could stay under the surface.
"Thank you all for all the work you've done for Dean and Michael. You're the true backbone of this operation," Cas says gratefully, giving Rowena a hug. Much shorter and smaller than him, he practically envelopes her.
"Well, I can’t possibly have another business owner as my assistant, that’s just disrespectful," Cas says, unfolding the box and putting Dean's notebook in.
“Yeah,” Dean says dryly. Adam takes a post-it from Dean’s desk and scribbles on it, passing it to Dean.
get caught by a seismograph. It's the whole point of it -- let the police think they have them caught, but the actual escape is somewhere else, where Dallas will work.
He says, "Kansas is still Kansas! He picked that name for a reason! I'm never going to say who it is because you need to come to terms with it."
Castiel and Bela have a photoshoot together that's supposed to be released with an interview they did the earlier in the week when Dean wasn't around. It mostly revolved around their history together when they were still small-time designers, their favourite works and fashion icons and their upcoming collections. Bela had one planned for spring and summer and Cas said he wasn't planning anything for SS15.
To say Cas has been unhappy since the day started is an understatement. He'd been moody when he woke up, already out of bed by the time Dean forced himself awake. Not to act as though Cas doesn't have the habit of waking up early, but he'd never left the bed before Dean woke up. It's a small thing to worry about at a time like this, Dean knew, but he can't stop thinking about Cas. He didn't want to do the heist, Dean should have said no, let him stay in Palermo --
“Yeah,” Dean beams, plastic. “Try me or my boss again, see what else I dig up.” With that, Dean leaves, feeling light in his chest. Castiel is gonna be so relieved.
“Am not!” Sam denies, appalled. Dean shakes his head and laughs, pouring out three glasses and handing them off to Sam and Eileen. "I like Sam and Non-Sams equally."
Cas comes back to the office close to 5 in the afternoon, in the fourth look of Angel Chen's 2015 Fall/Winter collection, a white button-up under a vest with various cloths and matching red checkered pants and jacket with patches of black and white checkered pieces. The jacket is draped over his shoulders as opposed to being properly worn. He puts Dean's coffee down on his desk and takes his own from Dean's hand, saying, "Grab a pen." Once Dean is ready, he starts talking, "Call Bela and confirm dinner tomorrow. Call Metatron Scribe, tell him I don't approve of the piece on me that he wanted to publish. Remind Crowley that I'll see him later today. Send the two interns in the lobby to conference room 4 now."
“I want you to take the Castiel article out,” Dean demands. “I don’t know what it’s about and it doesn’t matter because he hates it so take it out.”
Dean’s aware that he’s been talked about in tabloids and fashion magazines since his status as Castiel Novak’s personal assistant gained traction. Most of it just talks about his impeccable fashion sense, how it’s to be expected to come from Cas’s P.A., and about how hot he is. Dean appreciates the ego boost. Some of the tabloids go a little crazy though, and he’s seen at least three that have mentioned Sam. He hopes they don’t dig too deep, he doesn’t like having too much personal information out there. Sometimes, it’s nice to keep some things to yourself.
Regardless, it's still evident that despite that, Angeles is just another human. Which should be obvious, but when you've only seen someone as a plastic Dalí mask, it's hard to connect them with being an actual real person with a life. Seeing Angeles bleeding out yesterday, barely saving him with Amelia and Athens's work on him, it's a whole new perspective.
"This is a whole... wow," Dean marvels. He lifts the book in his hand, grinning, "This one doesn't surprise me." He looks over the books and pulls out
Before long, Castiel is in church with Gabriel praying quietly next to him. His lips move against the sides of his palms that are held together in prayer. His fingertips are stained with faint tints of various shades, makeup that's been leftover from work for a celebrity that he didn't clean off properly before driving to Castiel's place. Castiel murmurs prayers, but it is half-hearted.
Even with Abaddon now known to all the robbers that she's prowling the bank, as long as she's not showing herself, she's not their biggest concern. Despite every part of Dean knowing that she has become their biggest enemy as of yesterday, they can't deal with what's not there, so until she appears, they have to do everything else and number one on his to-do list is getting Meg out of the police vehicle on her way to the court. Paris had seen her being sent off in the truck an hour ago and since then, Dean had sent out his helpers.
"Just the ones recording messages for their families. I stopped it after Jack Kline," Vegas answers, furrowing her eyebrows. "Why?"
Dean is funny, in an endearing way. His jokes seem like the type that people roll their eyes at, but I like his jokes.
"I don't know what you want me to do in front of all the people here tonight," Dean says, watching as five employees who work down in admin walk past them into the building, laughing over a joke. "I'd never put Cas in a position where he'd be uncomfortable."
“Well, I was,” Gabriel says. His hands are shaking — his knuckles are white. “And I carried you to the med bay.”
Dean Winchester. He seemed like a really nice guy and I invited him in. I don’t normally do that, especially since I didn’t know him, but for the worth of all flimsy rom-com excuses, he seemed different. At that moment, I didn’t know anything about him, not even his name, except that he liked parties. But it’s like I did know him. New, but familiar all the same.
"Dean, just stay there, okay? Don't move," Cas says, focussing on trying to help Detroit. He pulls his mask off his face to help him breathe easier. Detroit's eyes are wide as blood begins to trickle out of his mouth. It's almost like with Dean yesterday but his hit was worse and he's losing blood way faster.
"Are you okay?" Meg finally asks. Despite their argument yesterday, Meg still cared for him. "We can look for the shooter on our own if you're not up to it. You can switch out with Gabriel."
Or maybe, just maybe, when June is here and everyone’s in a sunny summer mood, things with Pax magically throw itself out of the window and fall out of Dean’s concerns. Cas won’t be so steely, and Dean will finally ask him out —
Dad still doesn't know that I went on a date with Cas and I plan to keep it that way. I don't know what he'd think of me being bi but I'm not taking any chances. Dad gets extreme when he's drunk and he's rarely sober so I'm not risking getting kicked out. Bobby would take me in but I can't leave Sammy there on his own. I'd worry too much.
Meg thanks everything that one of her friends could get dirt on anyone. Crowley isn't just known for being a good stylist and designer, but also within the industry as someone who knew a little something about everyone or at least most people. Meg leans in obnoxiously close and whispers, "Somebody thought it would be fun to appropriate culture for Halloween three years ago and I bet it'll be a real kick in the ass to see that slapped on the front cover of Dark Angel magazine."
I have heart disease. After my mom died, Chuck was really sad so he had some time where Gabriel and I relied more on Michael's care than his. During that time, I got strep throat, then it became a fever, and Chuck didn't think it was bad enough to go to the doctor. None of us did. Not even me. Then I fainted and got diagnosed when I came to. A hole in my heart. I'm having an operation to have a heart valve put there at the end of the year.
“I need about 10 jackets from Louis Vuitton. Can you ensure that we have the reservation at Bus Toque? Please ask Constantine for the article that L’Officiel wants to publish on Cassie, I need to vet it. Constantine is working in PR. And then ask Bela —“ Cas slowed down. He remedied a second later, “Confirm lunch with Kenzō Takada tomorrow.”
“Yeah!” Dean affirms, nodding all child-like and petty. It’s endearing and Cas smiles faintly at it. Dean lists, lifting a finger to count them off one by one, “When he was 15, Sam didn’t know what to get Jess for their first Christmas together so I taught him how to remake this tweed and ecru Chanel dress she really liked. One Christmas, it was so cold and the heater wasn’t working so I stayed up all night and fixed Bobby’s old one.”
"Yeah, come on," Dean says, leading him to his room. He takes out a black Marc Jacobs track jacket and pairs it with a matching track pant, with a black silk shirt, from the Magda Archer x Marc Jacobs collection. "This will do. Hurry up, I need to pick up his coffee too."
"Make good on your word, man," Sam says, putting Dean's arm over his shoulder once more as they face the outside world together. "Be safe. Come back. We'll wait for you."
He picks up the phone and carefully punches in the digits that he'd memorized by heart. As the phone beeps, trying to connect the call, Dean bites his lip and tangles his fingers in the cord, waiting. Finally, there's a click, and Dean perks up, heart accelerating just a little bit with excitement.
Gabriel’s gaze is concerned, instantly turning to Dean, but Dean’s own gaze remains blank. Gabriel asks tentatively, “Hey, Winchester. You good?”
Michael had spent most of the day in the operation room — the surgery was a success and Adam was outside the room by the time he was done to greet him with a congratulatory and long-needed hug. Michael was never one for public displays of affection but it was different with Adam.
I watched Spirited Away for the first time with Dean (and Sam) today. I think Chihiro taught me something tonight. I admire how she accepted how her life was going to be and she took it in stride. I’ve accepted how it is for me with my heart like this. Maybe I’m more like Sho from that Arriety movie...
"The bank made twenty-two billion out of nothing. We're doing the same thing but we're barely taking a billion or so. The money the bank makes? Goes to the banks straight from production to the rich. Nobody called the banks robbers, right?" Dean continues, unable to stop once he starts. Sam stares at him with wide eyes as Dean rambles, "Liquidity injections. I know you know this. Why the hell do the rich need all that money? What about people like
Sam stops her, regret filling his voice, "I'm sorry, babe. I can't make it home tonight. There are some robbers holding up the Bank of America, I think I'm gonna be stuck on-site for a long time. Raincheck?"
Castiel felt bad about his “outburst” about Pax with Dean, and he knew it was none of his business as much as his personal life wasn’t Dean’s business, but once the words started to fall out, he couldn’t stop them and they just kept going and Castiel can feel himself screwing up the good friendship he’d built with Dean.
Dean agrees, "Nobody's leaving, not until I think of something. Until then, we have to keep operations going." Detroit looks like he wants to argue but he doesn't say anything else, stepping away from the conversation. Sighing, Dean asks, "Cas, can I talk to you alone?"
“Drop this off with Charlie,” Castiel answers, raising the gown slightly to regard it. “And check that the collection’s in the private jet. We’ll be leaving for the venue in a few hours, so we’ll get lunch at this Italian place I know before we go.”
(For some reason, that's stuff people want to know. But who is Dean to talk? He has the order memorised to heart.)
"Because I don't want to. I'm fine as is, stop it," Castiel pushes Gabriel's face away from him, causing the older of them to laugh and resume his meal. They move on from Dean after that, talking about Gabriel's messy attempt to matchmake Alan Corbett and Ed Zeddmore, but all Castiel can think of now is that Dean is at lunch with Pax.
“Hey, that’s what I’m here for. I’ll help you unpack then I’ll fly back to Stanford. Eileen said it was okay,” Sam says, smiling lopsidedly. “What do you want to start with first?” As soon as he asks it, he smacks a hand to his forehead. “Who am I kidding? You’re gonna wanna start with the clothes. Okay, everything on a hanger?”
"Why?" Dean looks puzzled for some reason. They dated for close to a year and he thought Castiel wouldn't know him by now?
, Gabriel. A lot happens then. He could be married for all I fucking know. Maybe he’s got a lucky jackass with a college degree on his arm and they have a kid that has his eyes and a place in a neighbourhood with some stupid name and they’re living happily fucking ever.”
“Not when it comes to you,” Adam replies. “We all know he’ll pick Cas over any of us and Cas is in the chapel right now. If this prison thing doesn’t work out, he’ll feed us all to the wolves to get Cas out.”
Cas’s cab disappears into the dark of night and Dean huffs a breath, waving down another cab for himself to go home.
“I’ll give you until tomorrow to think about it,” Naomi says. “But you are running out of time, MacLeod. You have eight days left to live so I suggest you hurry up.”
He’s about to smite Michael when he finally notices that a distance behind Michael is Jack. Chuck THROWS Michael aside and walks over to Jack.
She secures the suppressor to her gun and sets off to find Kansas, avoiding the cameras just in case.
"What's Dad like? You know, when you were growing up," Dean goes for it. Why not, right? He's already hurt enough, might as well get a taste of what bullshit John will feed him when they do meet. "Just tell me, I want to know."
There's a nice silence that settled between them before Castiel breaks it, saying, "I'm sorry about what happened in the studio this afternoon."
"Dean?" Jo asks tentatively as Ellen sits on Dean's other side, rubbing comforting circles on his back as Sam tries to grab Dean's hands. "Are you okay?"
"Paris... maybe Anastasia," Balthazar continues. "Salem would have an innocent name like Emma or Zoe."
i'm walking there and cas said gabriel's gonna cook something warm and nice for dinner and we can stay over
It had to be tomorrow, no matter how much Dean wanted to leave now. Of course, he'd thought about cashing in his last favour to let him go for the murder but he had a feeling that Lilith will be the least of his problems soon enough.
Once that's done, the man picks up the ancient phone and says, "Hello. I think you brought an old friend."
?" Dean asks, pretending to be mad, but it's clear there's no actual anger there and he's only playing.
The truck pulls up and the backdoors open to reveal Meg and Mick. Mick gestures for them to get in, saying, "Come on, we don't have a lot of time. Someone fucked up—"
Castiel stares at him as if trying to decode him, but he ultimately relents. "Why wouldn't it be?" He downs the rest of his glass of wine before he goes straight for the bottle. "How are you feeling after your first Fashion Week?"
Eileen, Jo, Ash, Gabriel and Meg had started to move the gold books through the tunnel to get to the truck where Adam and Jess loaded them in the truck. As Sam's arm was broken, he'd been ordered by Dean to just wait with the truck. Cas and Crowley had already transferred the large sack of diamonds to the truck where it'd been placed with the computers, hidden behind tall stacks of books.
It’s also ironic how much safer Dean feels in this office than outside. He isn’t that much secure in here with Roman than he is with people like Alastair and Lilith. Yet, being in the office feels like taking a breather.
Once they get to the hotel straight from the airport, they dump the luggage in the hotel room, change into something work-worthy and head straight to the NOVAK building. Cas had chosen a navy blue Emilio Pucci cape jacket with a point collar, front zip closure and a waist belt. Dean has no idea when Cas decided to start wearing womenswear brand like when he wore the Max Mara coat but he certainly wasn’t complaining. He looked incredible. Dean himself went basic with an Alexander McQueen leather jacket.
Once they're out of the store to find another one to visit, Crowley says observationally, "Someone's got a skip in his step. What's going on?"
Meg looks out of the window for a second to look over the police. They're mostly standing around, either discussing or aiming guns at the entrance. She thought it would save everyone's time if they just went home. They weren't leaving until they got their fortunes.
That was an hour ago. On the 41st hour at 9:30 AM, Jess reached Dean through the radios to tell him with panic that Adam hadn't come back since last night and that he was likely arrested.
Naomi leans a little bit closer into Ketch's space to talk privately, suggesting, "We should shoot them when they come out."
“I don’t know, but you should try to fix this ASAP,” Gadreel suggests, clapping a hand on Dean’s shoulder as a gesture of good luck before he goes to finish setting up his camera.
Before Dean can press about it, two men walk into the office; the taller one of them has dark hair and green eyes and the other is blonde, young blue eyes, and an awkward smile. The taller one is dressed in a plain white shirt, a black bomber jacket, and basic dark blue jeans while the blonde man is in flannel and denim. Obviously not from the fashion industry and Dean doesn’t know them, so he can’t imagine what they would possibly want to meet him for —
"I threw a grenade at her, didn't check if she got hit or not," Dean answers, walking closer to Bela, Anael and Crowley.
Crowley’s more than sick of Naomi’s face by now, yet he’s still being subjected to the sight of it every day he’s been out of solitary. Today is no different; Naomi continues interrogating him about the heists, thinking she can pull information out of him.
Cas intertwines their fingers together and whispers, “Goodnight.” He turns to leave but then stops, looking back. “Dean?”
“You never told me what happened between you two,” Gabriel says. “In my experience, talking helps. You know, my little bro, Cas, he would just bottle up all his problems inside. I think he hated it if people thought he was weak. I swear, he could be dying and he’ll just get back up and back in. A little bit like you, I think.”
"Charlie's gonna visit Hermés later today, she needs to check stuff with Gilda Goode," Dean fills him in. "Balthazar switched the Dior for Rocha for Rihanna. Thaddeus says Lily Sunders is gonna do sculptural suits this season. Hannah Johnson, a photographer from Vogue, she wants to know when you'll be releasing the NOVAK Fall/Winter collection if there's gonna be one at all. Vogue's getting pretty antsy about it, they had a writer, Donatello Redfield, call and ask if they can get the sneak preview before Chuck."
playing from his phone and he seriously wonders why he's kept that song as his ringtone for this long. He looks at the caller ID:
With his shift in the surveillance bubble wrapping up at 5 in the evening, Michael had gone to get his dinner from the cafeteria — the kitchen was run by cooking-proficient inmates, a way for them to earn 12 cents an hour which Michael thinks is way too little when they’re feeding the prison and making special meals for the guards.
"I do this sometimes, just a thing I do," Castiel shrugs. "I've had dinner with Missouri, Pamela, Charlie, Kevin, Gabriel, Anna and a number of other employees."
“That’s me. You must be Clarence,” Rufus confirms, putting down the documents. Cas nods — he had decided to go by a different name in there, just like how Dean went by his Italian alias. “How may I help you?”
"You did the spaghetti. If pasta was a musical, you did the title track," Dean says, smiling like an idiot at his own analogy.
After Dean had gotten shot by an intruder, he'd spent the next couple of hours operating on him as best as he can alongside his mother and Jo while Gabriel and Ash guarded them in case the shooter came back for Rowena. Detroit, Castiel, Meg, Eileen and Sam returned with the said shooter, an MI6 agent named Antonia Bevell. After Dean got shot, Crowley had to step up in his position as second-in-command and it wasn't going so well.
"Because we heard from Morningstar that you're kind of like his guard dog," Dick says, patronizing tone irritating to Dean's ears. "Thought you'd like it if I checked with you first."
it ended up being in the grand scheme of things. A slow ripple of relief spreads throughout his body as he melts into Gabriel’s embrace.
With Cas's instructions, Dean had created a contraption that should be able to disable the lock. It's an aluminium plate with heavy-duty double-sided tape on one side. He'll stick them on the two bolts on the door and they unscrew the lock until its loose, but still side by side and generating the magnetic field. Then, they just get the damn bolts off, out of the way, to a disabled gateway.
"If C-4 won't take down this door, they wouldn't put it up," Gordon reasons, lifting the gun and firing at the bomb. Chuck runs back into the bank to the main hall.
Cas rolls his eyes but does make room on the long bench that Meg's biggest balcony has. Gabriel settles down next to him, holding three bottles of beer in a hand and a small radio in the other. Cas eyes the bottles and asks, "Why do you have three?"
"Why are you giving me an attitude? I just told Vegas and Berlin that I'm gonna get them out of here, no sweat. We have
“He’s doing the shoot, he just needs to know what time Friday,” Dean answers. “Kevin’s samples should be coming up any time now. Crowley suggested tonight and Tessa for tomorrow at 10. The Westwood jackets are in storage right now.”
Meg pushes off the door and goes to sit on the desk next to Dean instead. She offers, "In my experience, Clarence is pretty sweet, he'll be over it soon. If you're in love with the guy, you should, I don't know, try?"
“We all do shit when we’re drunk,” John answers vaguely, passing out two cards between them. Blackjack, then. Dean picks up the cards just as John asks, “Your brother, is he here? I heard about the new nurse.”
Halloween. I took Sam out trick or treating when Dad ordered us to stay home. Let's just say I didn't need any makeup for my costume for the school's Halloween party the day after. Sam was so mad and he made us stay at Bobby's with Ellen and Jo until Dad came to pick us up and took us out for ice cream.
"I called you angel and you responded instantly," Dean answers, lowering his rifle. "Just a guess. Who was it?"
"I want to tell you something. I don't know why I get so nervous about it, I know you'll be fine with it, supportive even, but I..." Cas rubs his hands uncomfortably on his thighs. "But I think I'm ready to tell you."
“Thanks, Charlie. You’re the best, I owe you one,” Dean says hurriedly, running out of her office to get to the elevator. Once he’s down in the lobby, he locates Castiel’s driver — wherever Castiel is, he probably decided to walk, or he’s somewhere in the building trying to reach Lucian. The driver thankfully knows where Dean wants to go and takes him there without any questions. Dean finds his way to the lobby and asks the clerk for Lucian, tells her that he’s Castiel’s personal assistant, and then he waits while she rings him up.
Dean cries a little bit harder when Sam says, giddy grin obvious in his voice, "Eileen and I would be honoured if we could wear clothes you designed for our wedding."
Sam and I moved to Bobby’s today. We didn’t have any of our stuff with us because we didn’t want to go back and see John, but Bobby said he would handle it while we were at school.
"But I hurt Cas and I regret it so bad but I can't keep hiding," Dean almost sobs. "I want to just go to his place, beg him to take me back if he doesn't hate me by now. I haven't turned up for work but he hasn't called to fire me or anything but he probably should, I'm being a shitty assistant and ex; I hate that we're exes, I hate what I did but I can't go on —"
Cas has been acting strange since his return from Paris. Since finding out about him on accident through Dean, Bela had simply been waiting for Cas to tell her, acting as she did when she didn’t know. But now, he’s been fairly jumpy during their outings together, like he’s carefully choosing his words as he speaks. If she were hopeful enough, she thinks that maybe Cas has been thinking about telling her.
He turns to look at him, and Dean watches the way Cas shrugs out of his Prada trench coat, hanging it up on the rack. “Okay.”
That's where the day begins to go to shit. Kansas brings them into a small room where Salem and Rome are already there, watching the television. Crowley slows to a stop and freezes when he sees his name flash across the screen with 'HUMAN TRAFFICKER' slapped next to it. Kansas turns off the television once the reporter begins to discuss it and he says, "I know it looks bad."
"I know a thief when I see one. You would have taken it if I didn't," the man replies, just as quiet, and puts some distance between them to look at bandaids. He interests himself with a box of Star Wars-themed ones as Adam stares at him in wonder.
"If you don't want to be here, it's all good, you know? You can go through the tunnel, hold the fort down with Adam and Jess. I'm cool with it," Dean starts. "I don't want to keep you here if you'd rather not be."
But with someone as sharp as Sam on the police's side, Dean knows he has to be more careful to not get caught.
Castiel drags half of his coveralls down to look at his bandages, faintly hearing the sound of running water from the bathroom in the office. It's not too bad and should last for a few more hours before he has to get it changed again. The stitches still
Dean didn't really care how much gold they got out, he just wanted to satiate Meg's need to honour Bela and ease his guilt for her death. For all the deaths he had to live with.
She rounds the corner to Castiel’s office, a desk right outside the door, and dumps the planner notebook in her arms onto Dean’s desk and explains, “All the events he’s currently had organized are here. Pam is giving this to you to use, guard it with your life. Lose it and he’ll have your head. Keep track of everything here. Trust me, planner notebooks are your new best friend.”
"You got shot yesterday! You're staying here," Dean replies, firm, leaving no room for argument. Maybe for someone else, it would have worked and they would take the order. But Castiel is different, Dean always knew he was, so of course, Castiel argues.
Castiel says, finally pulling his gaze up to meet Dean's. "I know you would never do that to me. Besides, she said you arranged the interview on Sunday." That's enough to shut Dean up and he tears his eyes away from Castiel's to look at Bela and Meg instead.
Looking out for Castiel is Gabriel’s job. It has always been since their parents died. But Gabriel can’t even find it in him to feel strange that Dean is the one telling him all this, because holy shit, Dean has done the only thing nobody else had been able to do. Bela and Crowley tried, which should have said something because both liked to smoke and drink too, but they never got very far. Missouri tried, Charlie tried, Meg tried, Balthazar tried, God knows Gabriel tried. Dean got further than any of them because Castiel is actually chewing fucking
"Play your cards right, you'll win a long, fantastic career in this industry and it won't even be a gamble," Castiel advises. "Grab a phone or your notebook, walk with me."
Meg does, and she pulls out a (frankly) poorly hidden microphone. She waves it in his face obnoxiously, "Did you even try?"
Cas gives him a look that seems like he's checking if Dean is sure of this choice, and he says, "Jo should have it."
"Someone was shot on the roof," Sam says, sounding like he's beginning to panic. "We have an ambulance on the way for him. If you'll bring him to the door, we can tend to him."
Twenty-five minutes after the interview, colonel Zachariah Adler's termination is announced on every news station.
Dean’s grin grows with excitement and he says, “You gotta follow me first before Gabe. He’ll be so jealous.”
"I am letting you move to Palermo with me, aren't I?" Cas returns, a playful smile on his lips. Dean can't help but grin; even with everything shitty, they were leaving in a matter of hours and Cas actually loves him which is pretty unbelievable.
This, Dean wasn't expecting. He knew Meg was a time bomb waiting to go off, but he didn't think it would be like this.
"Just shut up, man," Sam chokes out, reaching over to pull Dean into a hug. "I thought you fucking died."
Castiel answers, the doors sliding open, “China: Through the Looking Glass. Lady Gaga and Emily Blunt hired me to design for them —“
Dean instantly pulls away, alarmed by the man's confrontation. He tries for a placating smile. "Relax. We're just doing our own thing."
“I know, Sammy,” Dean mumbles, checking that his passport is still valid. “But he made his choice when he ran off. Bobby’s been a stand-up dad for us anyway.”
They step into the elevator and Castiel throws his hands up in the air and says like it's so obvious, "Because I love you! If anything happened to you and I was just sitting around, I'd never be able to forgive myself."
Granted, they can’t be perfect. They arrested Windom twice, both off-the-record, but he was liberated. Everyone knew who Vegas and Berlin were but they were redeemed. London and Rome were executed but got the world to attend their funeral. Dallas would be recovered in the foundry’s debris of the Bank of America and be sent back to his family.
The moment SWAT's gunfire begins to wean off, Dallas and Crowley push the sheet upwards. Dean shouts as loud as he can, "Salem, London, Paris, get the drills, secure the sheet to the wall! Vegas, Angeles, the supports!" They get moving immediately. Salem, London and Paris start drilling bolts through the sheet's sides into the wall and Angeles and Vegas grab the support bars, pushing them up against the wall as Dean puts stoppers under them. Salem moves away from the wall and bolts the stoppers into the ground.
By the time he runs out of things to say, he realises that he is in a prison of his own mistakes now.
John wanted to visit Dean after he came back so Dean suggested Sunday. He had plans with Cas, Sam and Eileen the day before and thought it would be better to get to John after something good instead of entertaining the possibility that John will absolutely butcher his mood.
Abaddon smirks, and Dean thinks she may actually be a fucking maniac. "We're not even at the main hall. You're supposed to open the doors for me, remember?"
“This is a safe space, Castiel,” Kelly says, keeping her voice low. It almost echoes in his mind, resonating.
. He likes how good he looks in his Prada trench coat and he likes his rare smile when the moonlight streams in through the window. He very simply just likes Cas.
Cas was reluctant but knew that the impulsive decision to go back for Dean will get them both in deeper trouble than they've found themselves in. There was no good outcome for it.
Cas laughs, a warm little thing, and Dean's heart bursts at the sound. "Yes, we'll have the snails there. I'll bring all my vinyl records and books. You can bring your cassettes and bad flannel."
It's a good enough answer for Dean, so he changes the subject, "Do you and Gabe live together?" The question comes out of nowhere, fuelled only by Dean wanting to know more about him. It's actually a surprise that Dean still doesn't know if the Novak brothers live together or not, but it'd never come up in conversation with either of them so he never found out.
Listening to the tape and knowing how hard it is to put one together, Dean feels like his present didn’t match up to Cas’s and he felt bad about it, so he spent the next two hours baking a small cake to bring to Cas. Cas had invited him in, where Gabriel, Anna and Bela were already there to celebrate the holiday with him. Dean turns him down achingly and goes back. It’s not fair to either of them. He had Sam and Eileen and already invited Adam and Michael over anyway.
Adam bends forward to be a little closer to Ketch as if he's about to spill everything but he just gives him a shit-eating smile. "No."
A blonde man -- Rome, as she recalls his alias to be -- rubs his head, back facing her. She creeps into the room, pressing the barrel of the gun to the back of his head. Before Rome can react, she pulls the trigger and he collapses to the floor, blood trickling across the concrete. Abaddon smiles, bending down to wipe off stray drops of blood on the barrel on Rome's red coveralls before she leaves the room. She recalls promising death on two others; Angeles and Vegas.
"Right behind you, buddy!" Dean answers, leaning forward to fire before getting back behind the crate.
"I don't care if you have a plan. How am I supposed to leave you here alone?" Cas asks, desperate to stay.
Dean follows her finger and frowns, straightening up. John was on his way to the NOVAK building which means he’ll reach them in seconds. It seems like he’d already spotted Dean. “Yeah. I don’t know why he would be here.”
"Doesn't bother him that much, I think. If it is, he's not tellin' me," Gabriel answers. "Mostly, he just spends his nights mumbling the plan to himself, trying to tie up all the loose ends before he falls asleep."
"I'm sorry I wasn't a cooking student." Cas rolls his eyes. He dumps all the noodles into the pot and stirs it with the chopsticks that Dean insisted on getting because they looked like lightsabers. He stirs it until they begin to bend with the steam, sinking into the boiling water.
He nods, pointing out of the tent as he says, "They're stabilising him right now." Ketch then frowns, putting his hands on his hips and giving Naomi an exhausted look. "And the guy's girlfriend is here."
people so quickly. He presses one hand down on Detroit's wound and hangs up the old phone so they can't listen in, kicking it aside with his boot and saying into his radio, "Rowena, Detroit's been shot. We're in the office where Dean's at."
The bay is empty, spare the office door being open. Dean gestures towards the office and Gabriel crosses the room and finds a crowbar. He walks over to pass it to Dean who has his stare fixed on the office.
He chews on the end of his thumb as he racks his brain for any ideas. “Is the bus the only transport in and out of the prison?”
Sometimes, I just feel like God's story for me has been set up to fail, or the ending is always changing. I don't know what to do.
"Fire it," Abaddon allows. "But if you try anything, I'll put more than one hole in your precious Angel."
"Same as you, kinda. New life, but with a little bit of my old one," Dean shrugs, suddenly feeling very naked under the scrutiny of Angeles's piercing stare. His staring is a little unnerving, especially with how long he can keep it up for, but Dean never thought much of it until now.
"So what's the plan now?" Eileen asks. "Gold is still going without me and you and your brother have been doing diamonds. All operations are still going."
He can practically hear Sam smiling. "Well, I'm coming back. You better guard your job before I steal your boss and your man."
Sam gets out of the car and looks up at Eileen’s house. Her car is exactly where it was when Sam went looking for her before, but her phone isn’t on the pavement anymore.
When Metatron picks up, Dean instantly decides that he doesn't like him. Metatron's voice somehow toes the line between whiny and smug as he complains about Cas being unable to appreciate true literature. Dean asks him what the article was about. Metatron says it's going to be a headliner for Cosmopolitan magazine, about how Cas and Dean might be secretly dating. Dean laughs in his face for the balls he has to tell them about the article, then he says if he sees the article go into print in the next issue of Cosmopolitan, Dean will make sure he eats every page about the article from every copy of the issue.
Dean RUNS up the stairs and when he reaches the door, he slows. His hand hovers over the doorknob, unable to believe that Cas is truly back. He opens it, ready to welcome him back, only to be greeted by -- LUCIFER.
Dean raises an eyebrow and huffs a laugh, saying, "You’d think that by now you’d realize I don’t want you to be perfect. I want you as you are."
is bothering you,” Gabriel corrects, watching the way Michael seems to be drifting in and out of sleep, ready to get him help if he needs it. “That wasn’t your first time in the SHU, even for this long, and you never came back out looking for drugs until now. What was the real problem?”
"Or you could just wear nothing," Cas shrugs, but there's a playfulness in his eyes. Dean makes grabby motions with his hands and Cas leans down, letting Dean press a quick kiss to his lips before returning his gaze to his sketchbook. Cas straightens up and goes to pour himself a glass of water at the counter. "How are your designs going?"
Castiel shakes his head but he humours him anyway, "I don't know, Winchester. I think I'd like to be an FBI agent. You?"
"Don't I?" Dean questions. He dramatically fawns, his voice even lower, "Cas, Cas, Cas. Pay attention to me."
"Yeah, but I rarely do it, you smoke like it's your second job. I just don't want you to get sick or anything, you know?" Dean says, a little sheepish. "But it's your life, your choice. You wanna keep smoking, I won't stop you."
Castiel draws in a slow breath, running his hands over his thighs, and shakes his head, “No, no. I’ll... I’ll try again, please.”
“Oh, that? Nah, I just didn’t like the guy,” Dean says breezily. “Anyone want champagne? I’ll go get us some.”
"I want proof of life sent over within the next hour," Sam says. "This isn't a game, Kansas. We will go in with full artillery if even one hostage is hurt."
“We need to work out all the logistics first before I can make a plan,” Dean explains. “I need guard schedules, when do shift changes happen, figure out which inmates or guards can be of any use, make sure my dad doesn’t screw things up when I see him tomorrow… It’s a lot, Anael.”
"Good afternoon," Dean says. "I'm sorry about all this. Not a good way to end a week, right? But unfortunately, you will be our hostages for the next ten to twelve days. We'll try to keep it short." Every hostage has a blindfold over them as they huddle in fear. Angeles and Vegas go around to collect phones in a bag. He continues, "Don't worry. We'll be protecting you while you are here. You will get three meals a day and water."
“Being a waiter?” Dean fills in, pressing his lips together in mild annoyance. “He’s smitten with Sam or something, I don’t know. I told him not to do anything but I guess I can’t stop him from getting him a drink.”
Castiel shrugs, putting the completed dress down and sipping his wine, "Then I never wore Alexander Wang ever again." They all laugh at the story, unable to imagine their powerhouse boss in designer clothing ruined by puke. Castiel adds, "Crowley's worse; he pissed all over his Michael Kors."
Someone whistles behind them and they turn, seeing who it is. The woman carries a big bag and a cylindrical tube with paper sticking out of the top. She walks closer, a familiar smile playing on her lips. "Who knew following the sound of a fight would take me to you?"
"Come on," Dean beckons, walking back to the egg machine with the rings. He puts in a quarter and turns until one of the eggs fall out.
the mid-layer, so under it is Cas's toned body. He catwalks over to him, nose turned up and purposefully pretentious.
There, in that office kissing Castiel, nothing, no amount of money or gold, will ever be more valuable than
"I won’t be if we keep delaying this shit. You need to get me out of here to the police, they’ll be able to save me," Dean says, letting Cas pass Dean off to Sam. Sam struggles a little bit with one broken arm but he manages with Dean trying to walk on his own. Cas follows close behind, arms gently behind Dean to support his weight for Sam.
Anael cuts in, “Meg, seriously, you don’t expect us all to surrender, right? I’m not exactly in Dean’s corner either but if you think I’m going to walk out there and tell them to arrest me just so you can get back at Dean, you’re wrong. Don’t make me show you just how wrong.”
"He's the paparazzi who got the photo of you kissing me outside the Sacré-Cœur," Cas says stiffly. He tries to get past that before Dean can say anything in response, adding on, "And get me a meeting with Mark Cain next week."
Dean leans over the table to cradle Cas's face in his hands and presses their foreheads together, saying gently, "I won't die. No matter what happens, I will always come home." He pulls away and kisses the corner of Cas's mouth before saying, "If I'm promising you that, then promise me you'll take over if anything happens to me. We have to be ready."
Bela instantly nods, backing away from the room. She starts to apologise, "I won't tell him. I thought you had a crush on him, not that you were dating. I'm really sorry, Dean. It wasn't my intention."
He sends a few ‘thank you’ texts (and a ‘fuck you’ to Sam) before he gets dressed in the outfit he picked out last week. Making sure he has what he needs, he locks the door and heads out into the world.
The snails are doing fine. Bee’s a little slower than usual but I think he’s just lazy. Clarence and Chevy get along well. I wish Cas could come over more often to see them. I send him photos of them all the time but it doesn’t feel like it’s enough.
“Well, yeah. He’s a little less than Sammy’s age so you know he’s always gonna be a kid to me,” Dean replies. “Plus, I rarely see Kevin. It’s probably that guy who works in the workshop with him, what’s-his-face... Harry something.”
Chuckling, Dean says, "Now you get how I felt in the first heist. You scared the shit outta me with that shoulder shot."
Dean returns to the office past 8 in the evening, seeing Castiel in his office with a bottle of wine open. He asks tentatively, “Sir, weren’t you supposed to be at dinner with Tessa Reaper?”
Adam agrees to talk over coffee in his favourite café near Lenox Hill Hospital due to his tight schedule, and Dean doesn’t have the heart to say no when he asks if Michael can come along. He figures that maybe Adam could give him advice on Cas or something. Maybe Michael himself would know a thing or two if his dad is familiar with Cas. All of this without implicating Cas, of course.
Dean takes in a breath. He knows he was out of line with Meg. He nods and lets the other robbers disperse before he says, "I know, okay? I was kinda harsh."
Meg jeers, grinning, "You heard him, get the fuck outta here." Hester searches for words to say, nothing coming to mind, and she just silently leaves the office. Meg nods, satisfied, and says, "What a day."
Anael answers, "Charlie and I decided to get up off our asses. Listen, Dorothy has a bike ready for you two down in that alley." She points a little way down the street before she brings Dean into a hug. "This heist was incredible, we watched it on the news. Good luck."
Thankfully, Gabriel and Meg happened to already be at the cafeteria, so Dean sits with them as he eats the pasta that’s being served that day. He hasn’t had pasta in months, so the hot spaghetti is more than welcome. He walked in on Gabriel and Meg in a riveting discussion about Kevin.
It has been a long night -- especially long for Castiel, who didn't sleep for one second. After sending Paris, London and Salem to watch the hostages, he, Kansas, Dallas and Meg found a large crate to keep him in as a makeshift casket. Meg found them paint in a storage closet to write his name on the sides. Dallas paints a large 'ROME' on one side.
"This good luck streak better keep up," Dean says, regarding the sky as if talking to God. "But I gotta say, I don't think I'd have the fort half down if you weren't here. You're like my lucky charm or something."
Cas chews on his lower lip, putting his hands on his hips as his gaze casts down to the floor. Italian tiles that Cas and Dean had picked together, tiles Dean has seen almost every day for the past five years and now Dean will be going to prison voluntarily, and he won’t see these tiles beneath his feet.
“Don’t be crass,” Cas says, rolling his eyes as he walks ahead with Belphegor jumping around him like a demonically excited puppy.
He hadn't even had time to properly think about the fact that the inspector on their case knows who he is and could turn him in any moment. He only knew that he hasn't lost yet and they still have control of the bank, which means no matter what, they're still winning. It doesn't matter if Sam had the identity of infamous Kansas. It's useless information. They can't do anything to him if they can't get in.
If you want to, can you come to the pool after school and fish out all the snails with me? We could move them to the garden or something. If you want.
“He doesn’t want this out there. Take it down,” Dean says in a low voice, closing the mock-up and dropping it on the desk.
Cas finishes altering Viola Davis's replacement dress a week before the event with Dean’s help; late into the night, they bring the dress to Dean’s apartment to work on — Cas insists that his house is too messy and he’d rather have it look presentable when Dean visits for the first time.
“What’s our play? Am I gonna ask her out for you? Set it up, what?” Dean asks, borderline excited. It’s been a while since he was someone’s wingman.
Sam finally sighs, giving up, and he has a short talk with each hostage that comes out. He asks after their wellness and if they're injured. If they have sufficient supplies and any complaints. Most of them say that the robbers leave them alone and do their own work and that they get supplies if they need them.
Dean stands and leans over the desk to pull Angeles into a kiss that's eagerly returned. Angeles's fingers run through Dean's hair as they kiss, mouths opening and breath warm over his lips. Dean's breaking his own number one rule for the heist -- no personal relationships in their circle -- but he couldn't even really be assed about it. Angeles is just so breathtaking.
Dean wouldn’t go so far as to agree, though he had been the one to plan everything each time. In this situation, Dean most definitely isn’t the plan anymore. “Not this time.”
Dean wrings his hands uncomfortably before he drops them, noticing that they look like he’s about to pray, and turns off the kitchen light to walk back to his room.
and the lyrics to that one Andrea Bocelli song that Ferrero Rocher uses in their classic advertisements, but Dean can just say he moved to America when he was young and never got to learn the language. Cas is way better at this than he is. He’d be able to sell the Dino De Luca act.
"No, I got Wyatt harness boots, this Lavallierè scarf, and a suit that'll be coming in on Friday," Castiel says with a smug smile. "Jealous?"
"Yes, boss," Charlie laughs, taking advantage of his tipsiness to hug him before she, Meg, Kevin, and Gabriel leave Castiel's hotel room, leaving just him and Dean.
? I’ve killed, Michael’s killed, but you haven’t. You don’t scare me, Dean.” She turns away from him and shouts out of the cell that it’s clear before she gestures at Michael to leave the cell with her.
Adam nods in understanding, saying, "Sure thing. Maybe I'll see you sometime. Preferably not in the tent, right?"
“I don’t give a shit about that, you were gonna give our names? After everything that we went through?” Dean asks with disbelief of Crowley’s easiness in letting all their history go for himself. It’s not like Dean wanted to fucking walk right into a jail cell, and he’s sure Cas, Gabriel and Michael weren’t excited about returning either. Anael sure as hell would prefer to not enter prison at all and Dean didn’t even want Adam here. Yet, they were all here to save him for impending death but Crowley didn’t care.
Suddenly, loud whining static rings from the police radios and the officers all groan in irritation, trying to fix it, and a coat is draped over Rowena's shoulders just as a cap rests on Dean's head. Dean turns, trying to see who's trying to cover them up more, and he almost laughs when he sees familiar red hair and a mischievous smile.
"On purpose or accident?" Jo asks, turning in her seat to look at Meg. "Because let me tell you, I'm not doing another rescue mission like that again."
The way to Cas’s apartment has long ingrained itself into Dean’s mind, the path there was almost like a childhood memory with the familiarity. He knew Sam and Eileen were out on a date right now which was probably for the better. Though, even if they were there, Dean doubted it would have made the situation better or worse. He was too angry. Not angry enough to not be sensible — he'd hailed a cab instead of driving.
I can't wait for Dad to give me Baby. She's a fucking beauty. Deserves a way better driver than Dad.
Sam says, voice slow as if it would make Dean slow down too, “Just tell Cas you didn’t mean it. I’m sure he’ll get it. You said he’s had his own experiences with this sort of thing.”
He leans forward again to start shooting until Benny pulls him back, yelling, "You're fucking crazy! I'm not getting out of here without you! We run in three!" Benny counts down and they both make a run for it, trying their best to dodge gunshots as they haul ass back into the hallways. They race the SWAT team to the tunnels and Benny turns to shoot at them to hold them off.
Cas leans over the desk to kiss Dean, and he's never felt so driven to get the hell out of the Diamonds Factory.
When they enter the elevator to meet up with Cas and Belphegor in the hotel lobby, Crowley snaps right back to his normal self.
“Remind Cate Blanchett that her suit will be delivered straight to her hotel by 9 tonight," Castiel says. "And I want my suit picked up from Armani before the first runway." Dean reaches lazily for his pen and writes it down. The words come out shaky and smudged but he's sure he'll know what it says when he wakes up for the flight later.
Cas narrows his eyes -- he had given it a lot of thought while in Heaven. He had a hypothesis about Sam and Dean, and he voices it, "Did you switch vessels?"
When Mick watched the way Ketch handled the Dalí case alongside Naomi two years ago, he felt completely sick to his stomach. While they didn't get to do much, they were still so eager to kill them for doing nothing. They took notes they printed themselves and after the Dalís left, they discovered that they melted gold. Though, who did use gold reserves? They were useless, at least to Mick.
Dean looks through the company’s database and finds a few Gabriels, but he finds one who shares a last name with Castiel and he hopes that’s the correct Gabriel. He’s apparently a makeup artist for the company.
Anael arrives soon after, throwing one of the inmates a disgusted look when he makes a crude gesture. She mutters, “I hate being here.”
Since they had six months before they would pull off the actual heist, Dean could prepare escape routes way ahead of time. He decided that considering how they will have no time to spare this second heist and they had the money to spare, Dean just hired some miners, old friends of Benny's, to dig the escape tunnel for them. It's roughly the same length and width as before, but this one leads to a warehouse that Dean rented out. Their getaway truck was in the warehouse with him, ready for whenever Dean decides they should run. He'd bought the van over from a bookstore company, Blackwell's.
Just got home from meeting him. His body type and gait suggest that he imbibes copious quantities of alcohol. Shaky hands, craving for his next drink, possibly kept off it for a while to make a good impression on me. It's not working, not with what I know about him from Dean.
Dean smiles minutely. “I hope they like what we did for them.” Then, jokingly, he adds, “I almost died twice and you actually died for like two minutes, so they better.”
"So you know what a fucking nightmare she is. We got her to admit she killed two of us on national television. She’s rotting in jail now," Cas says. He stops in front of her and says threateningly, "Imagine what we can do to you."
Irritated, Crowley asks, “You’d rather all of us go down in Dean’s place? You and perhaps Samuel would be glad to do so but I refuse to. So will most of the others, I’m sure.”
Adam leaves Jess in charge of surveillance while he goes to do some groundwork. Since this heist was going to be harder than the first, Adam had offered to go look at the tent for them irregularly, see if he can catch something. He's like their ear on the ground while Jess is their eye in the sky.
Dean Winchester, Sam Winchester, Charlie Bradbury, Kevin Tran, Jo Harvelle, Garth Fitzgerald, Bela Talbot, Crowley MacLeod, Meg Masters, Belphegor Kline
Cas is the first to move, leaning away and straightening his hair with his palm as he opens the partition, holding out cab fare. “Thank you, have a good night.” Thank God for a partition in the cab, Dean doesn’t think his mind is stable enough to even deal with the cab driver stealing glances. Cas would probably lose his mind too. The two of them carry each other out of the cab, semi-stable, and Dean blows a humorous kiss to the driver in the rearview mirror as the cab disappears into the night.
“They’re my... they’re with me,” Dean says, hesitant to even use the label of ‘friends’ or ‘family’ anymore. “Your CO, Lilith, is Michael’s sister. They don’t have a good history and she acted on it.”
“I wasn’t always so comfortable with saying it,” Dean says, hoping that he could make Castiel feel better. “When I got my first boyfriend, some guy named Lee, I was scared. But I didn’t want to hide anymore, so I told my brother and he still loved me, and so did my family. You know, sometimes it isn’t so bad.”
"I was about to say that if he somehow sold any of your pieces that walked his runway that night, you could get a lot of money depending on how much he got for it," Sam tells him. "I can contact his lawyer, find out if he did anything with those pieces. I'm sure Pamela talked to you, so just to summarize, he and Chuck would probably want to keep this quiet to keep their reputation intact. Chances are, Roman will pay to buy the ownership of the designs from you, and Chuck might pay money to make sure him selling your work doesn't get out there."
"How did you learn how to cook?" Cas asks, marvelling at how Dean doesn't even look at the recipe loaded on his phone for Cas's reference.
"For the outfit?" Dean asks, already looking over the three pairs of black Manolo Blahniks he brought along.
Castiel lightly raps the fresh box against his palm three times, gently easing out the cigarettes. He pulls one out and sets the box aside, putting the stick between his lips and rummaging through his jacket for a lighter. He curses inwardly when he realises that he stopped carrying one around when he started to quit smoking. He leaves the balcony and goes to find a lighter, getting one from his bedroom. He returns to the balcony and flicks the lighter on, the tiny orange flame wavering in the evening wind just an inch away from his cigarette until his phone vibrates, the screen lighting up with a notification.
By 9 PM, Rowena, Crowley and Jo still weren't done stabilising Dean which has Cas in the beginnings of a complete freakout. Detroit trusted Meg, Eileen and Sam to handle the shooter while he and Gabriel tried to talk to Cas. They find him in the hallway near the basement for the diamonds, doing nothing but staring at his hands as he sits leaning against the wall. Gabriel slides down to sit next to him as Detroit stands.
By June, Sam is back in Stanford and Dean has been alone in his apartment for at least a week. It’s a lot quieter than he’d become accustomed to with Sam around but he’ll make do. Dean’s feeling particularly better because Sam apologised for being an asshole about Pax. Dean forgives him but warns him not to judge him and his relationships again. Asking for an apology from Cas for saying all that he did is like pulling teeth so Dean would rather not push his luck and just take it if Cas is in a good mood or not. The Emmys are coming up in a few months anyway and there are already orders being placed for custom suits and dresses and he knows that doesn't bode well for Cas's patience.
Crowley obeys, sitting down on the closest bench to him as he begins talking, pretending to be in prayer. “She only wants Dean. The rest of us can go free as long as he’s caught.”
"I fell out of bed today and I looked over at Cas, see if I woke him up. I did, and he turns over and looks at me. Then he smiles, his hair’s sticking up and his voice wasn’t so deep and it’s kinda blurry when he said ‘good morning’. And I stood there and just... looked at him," Dean continues, a smile growing on his face as he carefully drips batter onto a pan.
They get through the second door easy, and Ash just hacks the time lock on the last door. Supposedly, it would only open five hours later. They could wait it out but who knows how long they have before hostages start wandering and see things they shouldn't see? Ash could open the door in five seconds anyway.
"I don't have the luxury of time for a hobby," Castiel replies. Dean's eyes widen and he stands, reaching out to grab Castiel by his forearm to pull him up too.
“I don’t know what she wants me to say,” Dean grumbles. “I said sorry and the event managers won’t cancel her off the guest list.”
"No gun because that's a little risky here but we do have a lightsaber Bobby got Dean for his birthday last year," Sam answers, pulling it out. It's the kind with retractable coloured plastic. "Not the best and not even the correct colour, but I'll make do."
“Don’t be —“ Dean barely says before he tilts into Cas’s side when the car makes another turn. Dean giggles —
"In their rooms getting ready, I believe," Balthazar answers. "Ladies, if you want to choose something for Angeles, I suggest you be quick. Once Kansas and Berlin are ready, we're leaving whether he's changed or not."
“Yeah, I can,” Pax nods, taking a quick glance in the mirror to make sure he’s not sweaty from the studio lights. “Just tell me when to be at Vanity Fair’s office and I’ll be there.”
Dean holds up a fist to tell him to be quiet when he sees the signboard for the medical bay. When the coast is clear, Dean and Gabriel quietly run over and go through the door.
Gabriel pauses before he realizes why Dean is so concerned and he clarifies, laughing, “Beating a face just means I'm applying godly makeup. Lord, I wouldn’t hit a woman. Could you imagine?” He doesn’t give Dean time to answer before saying, “Okay, really can’t stay on the call anymore. Also, news that Cassie has a P.A. now is gonna spread like wildfire. The calls aren’t piling up right now but you’re gonna want to keep that line open. And you should learn how to read cursive, you’re gonna need to write fast. Good luck, kid.”
"We can bargain with them. One choice paints them as heroes but if they pick the other option, they're ruined. Either option, we'll be alright," Dean says, already excited at the idea of it. "The news already says we're not stealing anyone's money, just borrowing the printers to make our own new ones. If we haven't already won the public over with that, they'll be on our side after this."
Castiel shakes his head, running his hands up and down his soaked sleeves, “No, I’ll still attend. Since you dragged me out, I might as well.”
“Good evening,” a clear voice greets as she spreads the partitions of the tent to make her way to Ketch. “I came here straight from the airport.”
She hangs up on her end and Naomi says, "You go look for abandoned shops and buildings. I'll hold down the fort here."
“I haven’t told Sam about meeting him yet, I wanted to decide what to do,” Dean says, crumpling the paper towel in his fist. He hates that the mood’s dampened but it’s either he tells Cas he’s still thinking about their drunk kiss or lie to him and Dean doesn’t want to lie to him. “I think I should call him.”
Without Cas coming along, Dean still wanted someone to be a prisoner with him — all the ladies were out of the question because Crowley is in a men’s prison, and among the men, two were his brothers and he was unwilling to bring them to jail, Ash had gone into hiding after the Factory, Crowley’s in jail, which really only leaves Gabriel.
“I went to New York’s Fashion Institute of Technology,” Castiel starts. “I dropped out because we couldn’t afford it.” He bites his lip, anxious, and says, “You can find all of this on Wikipedia, I think it’s easier to just read it out —“
Jack nods, smiling faintly, and shuts his eyes, focussing. The four sit in silence, waiting patiently but anxiously.
Cas decides to skip the afterparty that a couple of actors are hosting at one of their mansions, saying goodbye to some celebrities and raising a hand to shield his eyes from the onslaught of flashes that go off when the car arrives to pick them up. Dean gives the paparazzi his best award-winning smile before retreating into the car after Cas. The ride back to the office is no better. It’s only when they’re both alone outside the NOVAK building that Dean finally asks, “What?”
“You’re welcome,” Dean grins, holding up the other bag. “Hope you don’t mind, but I got us some too.”
Dean grins, nodding. “Anyone with a radio can hear us if they find our channel but the cool thing is that Ash will be adding 2000 layers of encryption into the broadcast and reception. We’ll hear each other just fine but the police will hear nothing but garbage. For every transmission we make to each other, another 2000 layers will be added. They can have a hundred hackers and they will never get through the layers fast enough.”
"The answer's still no," Dean stands his ground. "There's no point. The tunnel's not even done. What are you going to do? Walk out the front door? You'll be dead before you even wave a white flag. And --"
She tells them about the diamonds and the gold, and about how Dean had resolved as many issues as he could in the past two months, and that it was Bela and Crowley's plan. Crowley looks at her wryly the whole time, and there are mixed expressions all around the table. Dean doesn't want to see Cas's.
“I worked with money,” Anael answers. It’s not like it’s a lie, she did work with money. Though, while Hannah would be thinking accountant, Anael is talking about conning people of their money.
The snails are doing fine. Bee's a little slower than usual but I think he's just lazy. Clarence and Chevy get along well. I wish Cas could come over more often to see them. I send him photos of them all the time but it doesn't feel like it's enough.
He’s sure Sam doesn’t talk about Dean on purpose -- he thinks he just forgets that Castiel isn’t just his friend but also his brother’s boss because they get on so well. Castiel has to admit that in the conversations, he forgets that Sam is his P.A.’s brother. Sam gets excited when he talks sometimes and goes on to ramble and, while a quality that Castiel appreciates to fill the silences, he knows it’s not something Dean will appreciate in the long run when he starts spilling his personal information and he doesn’t want to ruin the brothers’ good relations. Castiel makes a mental note to stop Sam when he starts saying too much about Dean.
He’s been on the waitlist for a new heart valve for a while now but they told him they’ll be ready for him in a few months, probably October or so.
She contemplates telling Dean about Alastair’s proposition and Michael’s history. Though the more she thought about it, the more she remembered that Michael didn’t want Dean to know and it wasn’t her business to tell. So, Anael lies, “Everything’s alright.”
"I'm alright. Thank you, Amelia," Cas says sincerely. "I had something I wanted to give you for your troubles." He stands and walks over to her, pulling out a stack of dollar bills -- Dean had ordered Sam and Charlie to pack them in stacks of one million, so he assumes that one is no different. "Have this."
Cas presses a last kiss to Dean's mouth, gentle and fleeting and nothing like Angeles, and he says quietly, "I need to go tend to the diamonds with Detroit. I'll see you later." Dean watches him go, a stupid smile on his face, and looks back at Crowley and Eileen to see them giving him flat looks.
Meg nods to an office and says, "We'll split up and get these three." Nodding, Cas and Detroit each get an office and go in. Two minutes later, Cas and Meg emerge empty-handed and then a slam against the shut door leads them to Detroit's room where he's struggling with the shooter.
Turns out, she was right, because Cas calls her to ask her if she’s free to come over two weeks after coming back from France. She had to handle client orders so he agrees to go to her place instead. She and Cas both lived on the higher ends of New York City but while Cas lived in Flushing, she stayed at 25 Park Row.
He walks through the halls, mostly ignoring the inmates. Given that he’ll only be there for less than 14 days, Michael doesn’t care enough to bother scrutinising them. They’re not his problem, someone else can do it.
Castiel shuts the door behind him, Meg and Sam already standing around the room. He'd decided to interrogate Bevell himself -- well, less interrogate and more scare her into her eventual murder. He's been high-strung since Dean got shot, even after finding out he was alright but having her here alive even after two almost-successful attempts on his life is seriously getting under Cas's skin.
When Castiel turned 9 and Gabriel blew that month’s savings on a Barbie birthday cake as a joke, a teenager at the orphanage called him a word that Castiel thinks is too offensive to repeat. The bottom line is, he’d been called the word because he was gay. Gabriel didn’t know about Castiel at the time, and he himself didn’t care what people thought about him. They ate the cake, Gabriel’s bites excited and fast, and Castiel’s slow and not in the mood.
The apartment is big enough for one person, maybe two if Dean planned his space, and it’s comfortable. Suits him nicely — Dean never liked having too much room, it made him uneasy. He’d never been used to having ample space to himself. The sun streamed in nicely, casting a warm yellow glow across the floor and the white walls. The kitchen is small; At first, it’d been something that made Dean reconsider getting that apartment, but he decided that he might not even be at home enough to have free time for a big kitchen anyway. He’d accepted that he’ll probably have to make time for cup noodles or the like and not meals he could spend an hour or two to prepare. He liked cooking, but he could give up his hobby to pursue his dream, at least until he has the money for a bigger apartment. Otherwise, his bedroom was actually decently-sized so he could get a big king-sized bed. It has its perks.
celebrities, right? Castiel himself was one as well, one of the world’s most famous high fashion designers. Either way, Dean had to admit he was impressed with how well he’s keeping his cool.
The illusion was broken just like the glass when the sniper hits the Dalí near the diaphragm and he falls out of view as another Dalí ran to his aid.
"Let's do planets," UK's most wanted says, his voice like whiskey and dark smoke. "I'll be Neptune and this guy --" He kicks the back of the broker's chair. "-- can be Uranus."
. Crazy. Also, being surrounded by some of the most attractive men and women in the world is always a pleasure. A model actually asked Dean if he ever thought about trying modelling too.
She grins as if Michael has told her a hilarious joke and playfully punches his arm. Lilith leans in like she’s going to share a secret and says, “You can lie to everyone but not to me. I think I know my brother well enough. Nurse Milligan’s your husband, isn’t he?” For a moment, Michael’s heart stops at the thought that she’s going to threaten to kill Adam.
It's an odd feeling of contentment to have your boyfriend's close friend approve of you, especially when nobody else knew of you.
Dean snaps his fingers in recognition, “You always sit at the front! I literally only know how the back of your head looks like.”
them and if I keep hiding, I’ll never... I’ll miss out. I’ll lose them and I don’t want to lose...” Castiel trails off from rambling. There are people whispering among each other, wondering who their boss loved this much. “I’m sorry. I’m taking a page from your book, I’m not going to hide anymore. If I did, then this wouldn’t be love. It’d be this disposable thing not worth fighting for and that’s not what this is. You make me braver than I have ever been in my whole life, make me feel more alive than anything I have ever known.”
Adam connects the dots as Chuck stands. When Adam realises who this man is, he is UNDERWHELMED. This is the all-powerful God Michael idolised?
"I don't need you to watch me. I was just concerned," Michael mutters, returning his attention to producing his next diamond. Castiel stares at him -- unnerving to most but it didn't disturb Michael. Meg had joked before that Michael and Castiel could have a stare-off to the death.
They moved their equipment in like before. This time, they had better protective gear, new and improved medical supplies like IFAK kits, oxygen, an actual gurney, and other things Rowena insisted that they needed. They had the spare red coveralls and masks.
They get a room in the Beatrice et Emmanuel Meublé Eiffel that charges $148 or so per night. Dean had been looking up the cheapest prices on fucking Trivago until Cas told him that the company will pay for their month-long hotel stay. Good enough for Dean — he goes ahead to book a suite there for a month. Thank God for company freebies like hotel stays. Even though he knew he could afford it without Cas, his childhood had just instilled in him the need to find the cheapest hotels.
He passes by cell 275 — Dean isn’t there, though Gabriel is sleeping soundly. Michael keeps on walking. Surely, if Dean needs his help, he’ll ask for it.
The brothers turn and leave the throne room. Rowena watches them go - once they’re gone, the demons return to the throne room.
"Couldn't make it today," the cop replies as easily as he can manage to sound, combing through his hair to hide the way his hand is shaking. Finally, the guard decides that it's fine to let them pass and the boom barrier rises. Dean is just itching to get into the bank and find the governor. He'd visited the bank way before he even recruited the other robbers for his heist under the guise of a potential investor so he could case the governor's security team. There's only one person who could be of any real threat, Abaddon Knight. Hopefully, they can get her out of the way.
The third; Sam looking over at Castiel from the stove, frying pan in hand, as a wide grin splits across his face. "Mornin', sunshine!"
He’s tried every method under the sun. He’s experimented on his own. He’s sure that Detroit would be more experienced in the area but he knows one thing -- if you spend a day making a diamond, it’ll be shit. Authentic enough, but such poor quality that you will never sell it on any market. If you spend ten to twelve days on the diamond, it’ll be profitable.
"You had that crucifix necklace," Dean says. Angeles wore it most days back when they were studying for the heist.
." Cas taps the wooden spoon in his hand to the bowl with cake mixture and then to the page where it has a photo of a beautiful cake taped to it.
Her smile is bright as she crosses the lobby to them. She shakes Cas's hand, saying hello, and she falters a little bit at Dean but her smile doesn't fade. "Dean, it's good to see you."
At some point, one of them manages to at least graze Abaddon and she dodges into a room just as London and Meg arrive. The two of them run over to them in the elevator as Castiel leans against the wall, catching a breather. Meg asks, looking over Castiel, "Are you hurt?" The blood is starting to bleed through his red coveralls but Castiel insists that he's good to go.
"One of the medics, the blonde one, take me to him," Rowena says. "He owes me a favour, he'll let us go once he fixes me up."
Dean picked up a job as a bartender in a nightclub near their home and Cas ended up becoming a diamond consultant at a jewellery shop like Michael. Though Adam and Michael didn't keep up with Dean anymore, he'd heard from old contacts that Michael didn't go down the business route after all and stayed in the jewel business. Whatever bits of information from the other robbers he got, it seemed like almost none of them did crime anymore.
Castiel contemplates it — it’s been months, he thinks, since he’s done something for himself and not for work. Dinners are for business, almost
"Do you think we need to touch up our makeup?" Bela asks, pointing between herself and Castiel. "It's been a while, they may be a little off by now."
"Someone sold my designs to Dick Roman and I'm giving you five minutes to admit it," Cas says lowly, sitting down at his desk. Dean stands behind him, trying to see if he can guess who it is. Everyone starts looking at each other with wide eyes, even Meg and Inias who were considerably detached compared to everyone else in the room.
An hour passes where Castiel somehow doesn't cross paths with Dean. Every time they try to reach each other in the masses, someone pulls them away. Castiel has been getting progressively more anxious at the prospect of being unable to talk to Dean once before he has to give a celebratory speech of some sort to his employees and friends. Dean relaxed him. Despite the distance between them, he always did.
"I will," Dean promises, taking the number. Cassie gives them both a faire la bise before thanking Cas for helping stand-in in her absence. With that, she waves goodbye as Dean and Cas head for the airport to go home.
"I'm going to be in here for four years, give or take," Michael says, already aching from the hurt look on Adam's face. "That's a very long time."
It takes the next twenty minutes to get to the Bvlgari outlet and by then, Charlie is a nervous wreck about talking to Dorothy. When they enter, Charlie points out a brunette woman, her hair tied up in a neat bun, talking to a customer. “That’s her.”
Dean buys Cas his coffee as always and when he gives it to Cas, he gets an apologetic look back. Cas says, "I assumed that since you were sick, you may have wanted to take Friday off too so I didn't get you any coffee."
Once Castiel disappears behind the elevator doors, Dean runs off to the second one to retrieve Castiel’s Hermés scarves, excitement fizzy in his veins at all the great clothes he’s going to get himself.
"We're using it to get out of here," Gordon clarifies. He turns back to three hostages and commands, "Release Abaddon! The robbers are scared of her." They nod in affirmation and sprint away to get to her as Gordon turns back to the C-4 on the door of the landing zone.
Cas raises his iced hand and pats Dean's cheek, leaving blue icing on his face. Dean gapes at him, "How dare you?" Cas grins, raising his hands like he's asking 'what are you gonna do?'. Dean lunges for the container with the icing and gets some, managing to streak some on Cas's neck as he tries to dodge.
Sam groans and mutters something about them not doing anything in the back of the Impala but he gives them privacy, going to clean up the fireworks. Dean takes the earplugs out of Cas's ears and laughs, "Best day of your life. That good, huh?"
"Didn't you say you wanted to get a place in Italy?" Dean asks, clipping the bandage in place with the elastic fastener. "I was doing a little bit of research, looking at cities we could live in. I'm good with Palermo if you are."
Cas smiles, wide and sunny, and the question tumbles right out of Dean's lips before he has the chance to think. "Will you go out with me?"
He hasn't spoken to Sam since he turned 19 and ran off after Bobby died. Dean turned 30 last month. He has no idea what Sam is doing with his life right now or if he's even still alive. He just knows that it was the right decision to leave him in the care of Ellen Harvelle and her daughter Jo who lived down the street from them. He didn't need to drag Sam into this heist and ruin him. Besides, Ellen can actually afford to raise Sam. Dean could barely even pay for both their lunches.
Cas has lunch with Bela and Meg, so Dean eats at a new cake shop that opened just ten minutes away with Crowley, Missouri, and Gabriel. Crowley works for Bela and became friends with Cas through that. The only thing that Dean knows about their friendship is that they’re closer than anyone thinks they are. He’s Rowena’s son but he rarely talks about her as much as she does about him.
Dean sends him a sarcastic reaction image and stows his phone away, beaming at Castiel who just rolls his eyes.
There’s another way that’s ridiculously cheap but works, even if the diamond ends up being really crap quality; put a 100% cotton thread on olive oil and let it absorb, tie a knot in that thread and slip a piece of graphite into that knot. Suspend that thread above the surface and let the oil soak into the graphite. Cut the thread as close to the graphite as possible and pull the knot undone and then put that oiled graphite between a crucible and then that into the microwave. Maximum cook time and power setting and you’ll have yourself a poor-quality diamond.
