Dean grinned. It had to be a good sign that he was still turning Castiel on. It meant that he was telling Dean the truth about forgiving him.
Dean dismounted, trading his crossbow for his sword as he moved towards the disturbance. It was possible that Blue-Eyes had taken some human prisoners. The people at the inn hadn’t mentioned any, but perhaps it’d happened so long ago that they’d given up hope.
Castiel was gone when Dean awoke the next morning. Friday was the only weekday when Dean could sleep in; it was also the only day he started classes later than Castiel. Castiel had German every day at 10, but Dean had a 9:30 seminar Monday through Thursday, either Sociology of Heterosexuality or Inequality in America. Even though Dean didn’t consider himself much of a morning person, he’d had to leave his afternoons free this semester for The Roadhouse.
They tasted their pancakes and wrapped up the video so that Jack could claim his plate. Once Castiel had his coffee refill, they went out to the deck to eat. It was partly cloudy and in the low 80s, which at this time of year in the Shenandoah Valley counted as a pleasantly cool day.
Castiel smiled up at the tower, which they were now nearly at the base of. He was going to enjoy squashing this dope’s self-esteem. Though he wasn’t especially well-versed in human interactions, it seemed to Castiel that Dean had some sort of special affection for the prince he believed him to be. Harsh words from his lord’s lips wouldn’t come close to wounding Dean as much as he deserved, but Castiel couldn’t do much more in this inconvenient human body. His final revenge would have to wait until he found a way to return to his dragon form. Castiel preferred nonviolence, but it was clear that the world would be safer without this murderous savage in it.
“Me and Cass are friends,” Dean interrupted. “He’s gay, I’m straight. We get along. That’s all you need to know.”
“Besides.” Castiel took Dean in his hands, and Dean bucked forward into his tight grip. “There’re all sorts of things we can try before we get to everything.”
“Seriously, though, Dean. I’ve been noticing a change in you for a couple years now. Especially since you and Lisa split up.”
“Yeah, don’t quit your day job yet, buddy. I told Cass we’d meet with some architects, that’s all. Nothing’s set in stone.”
Castiel looks up from his coffee and smiles. Dean’s come back to his order. Steak, bacon, and over-easy eggs; short stack of chocolate chip pancakes; strawberry milkshake. They’re sitting in the booth closest to the bathrooms. It’s held up well. The jukebox in the corner’s playing Tom Waits.
Innumerable emotions flit across Castiel’s face. Dean can see them all in the electric blue glow of the vacancy sign.
“No, no. All of Charles’s food is in the other refrigerator, so everything in here is yours. You’re welcome to anything, though.”
“I played with it a little in the shower,” Dean said breathily. “It’s probably muscle memory or something.”
“I think—” Castiel placed his hand on Dean’s shoulder and smiled. “I think that any meal with you is special, Dean.”
“They’re rich in sulfurous compounds. One of the reasons they’re good for you. Antibacterial, antiviral, antifungal—”
“She’s this big fat opera lady.” Jack reached for the champagne bottle. “Dad used to play her Christmas album every year.”
“There’s that humor I love.” Dean leaned forward, stopping a few inches away. “How about you kiss me, roomie?”
“I’m joking with you. Now that you’re an out and proud member of the community, we can do that with each other.”
Castiel groaned again. It didn’t seem like the knight was lying, but none of what he was saying made any sense to him. He was a dragon—had always been a dragon, ever since opening his eyes atop the tower seven years before. So why was he suddenly human, and why did this fool think he was his prince?
“I meant that he sounds like a chain smoker or something. Not—” Sam shook his head. “Do you even know any gay men, Dean?”
Dean sighed. He gazed at the gate in the distance, at the neat line of the berry access road along the top of the valley, murky now in the long shadows. He thought about Castiel telling him that his dreams belonged in the present tense. He rolled over in his head Mildred’s advice to follow his heart.
“Fuck.” A few of the feathers comb across Dean’s hair, and he noses into them. “That’s one way to make sure no one’s watching.”
Dean set off to satisfy C. Novak’s order, winding his same route through Food Land as always. There were toiletries again: shampoos and conditioners, toothpastes, hand soaps, shaving gel, face cream, aftershave, sunscreen, nail clippers. There was even more than last time, which was a surprise, since these tended to be infrequent purchases. A lot of it was natural stuff made with “argan” and “borututu” and “kukui” oil, which might as well have been the names of alien species for all the familiarity Dean had with them. And then, in stark contrast, there were further bottles of “Hawaiian Rain.” It seemed like the high school boy under C. Novak’s roof thought “Hawaiian Rain” was his ticket to the ladies, though Dean had always found that scent a little too fruity, personally.
“I know.” Castiel stroked his thumb over Dean’s cheek. “I wish you’d talked to me instead of getting shitfaced, but I know you’re not a violent person. You’re a loving person. Okay?”
“Please calm down, Dean. You won’t be harmed.” Castiel grimaced. “And you can stop fussing with your restraint. You won’t find a vulnerability in it. Certainly not with the primitive instrument you’re using.”
“I am, actually. All the berry stuff’s just a cover. If you pop my trunk, you’ll see it’s full of guns, knives, ropes. Handcuffs, even.”
“Because it was pretty intense. And I know you’re kind of still figuring things out, so I don’t want to rush you.”
“It’s a decoration for your room.” Meg placed a tiny butterscotch-colored pumpkin on one of the cup holders between their seats. “I know how much you and Dean love nesting.”
From what Castiel told him afterward, it seemed that Rafe delivered the same apology to him as he’d given to Dean, which then led them into a dense, winding excavation of all sorts of things from their past that lasted until dinner was on the dining room table. Castiel slipped into the seat at Dean’s left and exhaled during Chuck’s speech about family, smiling at each of his brothers when they toasted.
“Yeah, I remember Dad saying that a couple times. People used to name their houses back then. I wonder if Dad dropped the custom or Henry did. Or someone before them.” Dean started pacing along the attic’s narrow strip of walkable space. “Maybe it got confusing since Bunker Hill’s the name of a town right over the border, too. Great hot dogs there.”
Sam gathered up the supplies and stuffed them in a duffel bag. When he emerged onto the power plant access road, Dean and Miracle were already in the idling Impala.
“Cass?” Dean glanced at his watch as he strode to the other side of the house. “He’ll be here any minute!”
“A bale of hay weighs around 100 pounds. If you can toss one of those around at your size, I’m not sure you’re human.”
They returned to the hall, which was now filled with the scent of melting mozzarella and bubbling marinara sauce. Sam was working on the cork of a wine bottle.
“You know the rules. It’s just Madame Palm and her five sisters until we find a meaningful connection. So, time to get connecting.”
“Ugh. I’ve been doing organizing stuff in the group chat and posting on social media since lunch.” Castiel rubbed his temples. “I think I’m getting a headache. Are those blueberries?”
Goddammit, Dean wasn’t usually this petty. And he’d even started off this year trying to be more mature, wanting to impress Castiel. He’d stopped banging random girls—Castiel always talked about the importance of meaningful connections in human relationships—and had cut back on his politically incorrect jokes. He’d stopped calling things he didn’t like “gay”; that was a stupid habit he’d been meaning to get rid of for a while, anyway. Above all, he tried to be cool with everyone like Castiel was. But something about Meg just made him see red.
The truth of it, he supposed, was that reciprocation on Dean’s part wasn’t really necessary. Castiel could admire him from afar. That would be sufficient to stimulate his muse—he hoped, at least. And with Dean here officially as Jack’s companion, there wasn’t much danger of boundaries being blurred between him and Castiel. It was a neat, tidy, safe arrangement.
Well, maybe the protest had been washed out after all. Dean was reaching into his pocket to check his phone when a throng of people on a nearby street caught his eye.
They talked idly for the rest of dinner. Castiel seemed pensive, but he made the excuse that his mind was dwelling on the problem with his methodology he’d mentioned earlier. After they cleaned up the kitchen, he asked Dean if he could edit the video this time and excused himself for the library. Dean watched him until he disappeared behind the tall mahogany door.
“Aprons are important. You wouldn’t want to get splashed with hot oil or boiling water, would you? Your skin must be even more sensitive than a human’s. It must be, since it’s so supple and permeable.”
“Yeah.” Dean started for the parking lot. “I guess you like him, huh? I noticed you flirting a couple times.”
“I wanted Dean to see the look on your face. He takes good care of this place, you know? He deserves it.”
When Dean finished washing up in the mudroom, he walked to the library like usual. Today, though, Castiel wasn’t there.
“Really? I always got frustrated with the angel in that one. The entire plot was based on him not communicating with the human.”
Castiel stifled his giggles against Dean’s back. Tamping down inappropriate laughter was harder when his brain was swimming in alcohol and marijuana. He had no idea how Dean was staying so deadly serious.
Dean gasped out a weak laugh. “Add it. But I want your real dick in me eventually. Don’t cheap out on me.”
On Providence’s eastern coast, they followed the ring road up miles and miles of grey, rocky beaches and pine-strewn cliffs. Just as the mainland was coming into view again, they arrived at a joyously multicolored sign announcing Rainbow Point. It was held aloft by a life-sized bear statue in far too many shades of neon.
Sam groaned. He leaned back into one of the sofa’s armrests and dangled his legs over the other one.
Dean slunk down the hallway towards the sound of Castiel’s voice. Who was he talking to at midnight? And why was he back in his own room rather than in Dean’s? Dean felt something like heartburn rising in his throat as his mind spun out the possibilities. Was he done with him? Did he not feel safe anymore? Dean didn’t remember hitting him while he was drunk, but John sometimes hadn’t remembered either.
been,” Castiel said, leaning back into the other end of the sofa. He was on the last sip of his cocktail, and the corner of his mouth was stained red with a bite of strawberry.
Dean gurgles something that doesn’t make it past the tentacle. More of them come out from Castiel's wings: one brushes his damp hair away from his forehead; another rests across his neck and presses along his pulse point; a third inserts itself into the fist Dean’s clasping on the Impala’s floor. Dean starts jacking off that one, and Castiel’s hand shudders inside Dean. He pulls out.
The office door whined open, and Zachariah stuck his head in before shuffling his entire body through.
“Beautiful,” Castiel said, once the taxi was driving off. They stood at the bottom of the steps to the front entrance, where glazed urns overflowing with Virginia bluebells, golden daffodils, and rainbow tulips stood guard. Bright green ivy covered most of the brick façade, and saucer magnolias arced gracefully between the first-floor windows.
“Just readjusting. You've kind of been threatening the Winchester family line for the last few minutes.”
He nudged Dean forward, and they shuffled across the hallway, stepping carefully around the broken glass. Castiel helped Dean onto the couch. He grabbed the throw blanket from the arm by Dean’s feet, unfolded it, and tucked it around Dean carefully. He picked up a cylindrical pillow from one of the armchairs and slid it under Dean’s neck. Dean already felt his eyelids drooping when Castiel kissed his forehead. The last thing he heard before he passed out was Castiel talking into his phone.
“We just ordered pizza. I think we were both too tired to go out. My eyelids started drooping on the ride back here.”
“‘You guess?’” the Empty snapped. “How else would you be here? By the void, I thought this angel was dense, but you’re an entirely new level of stupid I didn’t know existed.”
“Plates and bowls here, glasses and mugs there, that drawer’s the silverware, bread in the breadbox—oh, here.” Dean opened the refrigerator. “I got you some stuff I thought you might like. Things you don’t have to cook. Soy milk, string cheese, carrot sticks, and some vegetarian tamales you can microwave. If you get hungry when I’m not around.”
Castiel pulled him in and hugged him tight. Dean grasped at his polo shirt, breathed in the warmth of his neck.
“Uh.” Dean glanced up from his phone. “I just thought I’d see whether Castiel responded to what I wrote.”
“It just feels really good. It’s like you’re saying this is your home every time you remember the crappy things about it.”
Castiel tore off down the hill. He ran faster than he’d ever run in his life, even though a minute ago he’d thought he barely had the energy to limp home. After a few hundred yards, he chanced a look over his shoulder to see if the creature was following him. To see if those glowing green eyes were closing in.
“Shit.” Dean uncrosses his arms and focuses on a bright shard of moonlight on the pavement. “You’re making me all tingly.”
real! But you’re flesh and bone, just like me. You don’t violate the second law of thermodynamics and the inverse square law, like ghosts would.”
At first, Castiel didn’t notice anything unusual when he glanced at the front gate of the cemetery, as he always did when he passed. Visibility was poor: it was half an hour until sunset, the clouds and mist were as oppressive as ever, and the trees within and outside the graveyard were even denser and more foreboding than in the rest of the forest, if that was possible. But something made him look again, and he stopped cold when he realized what he was seeing.
“And you need to learn to take a compliment.” Castiel settled his hands in the small of Dean’s back, and Dean bit his lip involuntarily. “Hmm, maybe swimming wasn’t such a bad idea after all.”
Dean did an about-face and scrutinized the tray of supermarket brownies like it was the most interesting thing in the world. Charlie didn’t say anything right away, but Dean could practically hear the gears turning in her brain over the blaring of Avril Lavigne’s “Girlfriend” from the room’s sound system.
As much as he wanted to be annoyed at Sam’s prying, Dean couldn’t help but smile. His joy right now was a flood washing away everything in its path.
Dean sighed. Charlie was a computer science major and a gender and sexuality studies minor. She was always saying stuff like that.
“It's not that you're put off. It's that you don’t think you deserve it. You don’t think you’re worth that.”
“What about me?” Dean flicked his hands at Sam, flinging water droplets down the hallway. Sam held his towel up for a shield.
Dean looked at the indentation in the pillow to his left. There was a cinch in the sheet where Castiel would normally be, scrolling through food pictures or reading his latest boring book about politics.
“He’s large,” Ash said. “Forty, fifty feet long. A hundred feet, maybe more, from wingtip to wingtip.”
Henry was their grandfather. This had been his house and farm, and he’d willed it to his estranged son, their father, when he’d died seventeen years ago. Dean hadn’t ever met the man, but John described him as both a traditionalist and an eccentric. That dichotomy was plain to see in the pairing of a 200-year-old Federal brick farmhouse with a quarter section of heirloom American berries—Virginia strawberries, black cap raspberries, youngberries, downy serviceberries, golden currants, and more—that very few other growers in the region bothered with any longer.
“Dean.” Castiel lowered the camera and gestured above their heads. “There’s a bowed beam right in the middle of the ceiling. Next to the skylight.”
“He’s always had better taste than the rest of my brothers.” Castiel rolled down his window and rested his elbow on the sill. “Notwithstanding his support for Buttigieg over Warren.”
“It’s unfair,” Castiel said, once he couldn’t bear the silence any longer. “That you had to drop out.”
“Can we show them the jack-o’-lanterns we carved?” Castiel addressed the camera. “Mine are quite subversive.”
In spite of the faint music playing from the apartment’s sound system, a strange silence seemed to settle between the two of them. Finally, Castiel patted Dean’s back.
Castiel hummed appreciatively as he raised the coffee to his lips. He closed his eyes and leaned into Dean’s shoulder.
“Something tells me they aren’t popular for rivalling Jessye Norman in vocal technique,” Castiel said.
They both broke into a titter, and Dean rolled his eyes upon reaching the landing. He was glad they got along, but they really brought out each other’s sickeningly sweet sides. After spending an afternoon with Sam, Castiel always badgered Dean to go antiquing together or sign up for a couple’s bookbinding class or other stuff like that. As Dean dropped the suitcase in the middle of Sam’s floor, he wondered whether Eileen was getting the same thing from the other direction. He’d have to ask her the next time she came over.
“Yes, they’re very gregarious. Though—” Castiel glanced in the direction of the bird enclosure. “There’s one who regards newcomers with suspicion. You’ll know her from the haughty look in her eyes.”
“I was hardly over the moon about that pairing, either. And Jo didn’t need a multimillion-dollar bailout before there was even an engagement.”
Castiel averted his eyes to the window. The afternoon sun etched his expression in gold, and Dean realized that, for only the second time that day, he’d brought him somewhere close to shyness.
“Please don’t. He already has a complex about me not knowing anything about gay culture. He added all these gay indie films to our Netflix list, says we have to watch them soon.”
He started in the household products section, adding a bag of organic cat food, three coconut soy candles, and some natural insect repellant to the cart. Seemed like this person was some kind of hippie. Not too unusual of a demographic in Sandpoint, actually, even if they were stuck in the Idaho Panhandle.
They worked more efficiently than Dean had expected—Garth’s sugar infusion had clearly done the trick—and the stall was all set up by the top of the hour. An early bird even dropped by before nine for a jar of blueberry jam and a tin of golden currant and chamomile tea.
The night before Valentine’s Day, a little more than three weeks later, Dean was sitting on his and Castiel’s bed in their hotel room in Charleston, watching the news. They were on the return leg of their cross-country trip and due to arrive back in Winchester on Sunday, and Dean was quite honestly ready to get to work again. A three-week vacation was too long for him. Or, maybe he just wasn’t used to getting time off. That was Castiel’s position: he was adamant that Dean deserved more leisure time and that he’d get used to it once all the renovations to the farm were completed. Dean joked that Castiel just wanted him to himself as much as possible. Castiel didn’t bother denying that.
“Sorry. I’m just—this is, wow.” Meg crumpled into her chair like she’d been hit in the chest by a wrecking ball. “So, Dean Winchester’s not so straight. I already had my doubts, but—”
The creature grunted. Now that he was nestled so close to him, Castiel could study all the fine details of his appearance. The sheen on his skin—which was shifting to match the silver birchbark and crimson blueberry foliage they were traipsing between now—was definitely not water. It looked like some kind of secretion: an oil that helped with moisture retention, perhaps, or a toxin that deterred potential predators. Castiel made a mental note to avoid touching him too much with his bare hands until he’d eliminated the latter possibility.
“That’s right, the villagers mentioned something about the dragon wanting not just honey, but the bees that produced it.” Dean started counting the ring of hives. “At least several dozen here. No wonder the forest was exhausted.”
“I’m happy that Cass is happy. He seemed pretty torn up last night. Wish he’d told me sooner.” Dean placed the lid on his teapot. “What’d you actually come over to say, Meg? You heard it straight from Cass, I’m cool with him being gay. I don’t think I need any ‘critiques’ from you. Me and Cass are fine.”
Dean flinched. There was a dangerous look in his prince’s eyes, one that he’d never seen before. His impassioned defense of the dragon wasn’t surprising in the least—he’d spent seven years as its thrall, captive to its whims and indoctrinated by its wishes—but Dean still felt a profound sadness at seeing his noble prince brought so low as to take the side of one of those creatures.
“It’s too hot for clothes.” Castiel threw a skeptical glance at the grill. “I can’t believe you’re about to stand in front of a roaring fire for however long all that food takes.”
“Yeah,” Sam said, as if he were hearing Dean’s internal monologue. “You know, I didn’t expect he’d sound like that.”
“No, it’s hit a snag.” He let the book fall to the ground and pocketed the pen. “My noodle’s cooked. I’ll come back to it later tonight.”
Castiel didn’t see much of Dean that week. They encountered each other in passing: sandy-eyed and mumbling in the early mornings; around the huge, cacophonous dining hall tables in the evenings; a few words to communicate normality before bed. To be fair, none of this marked much of a change. They were just busier this year, and their timetables didn’t align very well this semester. But after that weekend, everything felt different between them, even just in the fleeting moments they had with each other. Castiel was sure Dean felt it too. He had to.
Dean fluttered his lips. He dodged away when Castiel leaned in for a kiss, ordering him to lay off the sappiness first.
Castiel curled into a ball, focusing on repairing the damage. He thought he felt the hole in his heart closing, maybe the one at the base of the lungs. Maybe—maybe he wouldn’t die tonight.
In the dining room, Sam cleared his throat and moved his chair around noisily. He finally walked into the kitchen a minute later, pretending to be unaware of his surroundings even then. Dean placed the last of the containers in a brown paper bag, rolled down the top, and deposited it into Castiel’s arms.
“Hmm. We were walking through the farmer’s market in Wichita. I wanted to buy a jar of honey, but Dean said we’d never finish it all.”
Castiel holds his gaze as he guides his cock to Dean’s hole. There’s the same blunt, hot pressure at his rim as always, but then Castiel’s sinking down with one smooth roll of his hips, all the way until he’s balls deep. With the grace gaping Dean’s ass wide, there’s no resistance.
“Didn’t you just see him? You said you’d moved from the hotel back home the other week. I’m still confused about that, by the way.”
“I don’t just want summer for the weather, you know. It’s also the easiest time for people to travel. And Jack won’t be in school. That’s the biggest reason.”
“Yeah, I read that it’s part of a New England Thanksgiving for some people. And that Native Americans introduced it to the colonists?” Dean finished shucking the corn and tossed the refuse into the compost bin. “You know, it’s pretty awesome how much you learn about people, places, history—all that stuff—when you learn about food.”
*It’s possible that you’ll have more filling than you can comfortably fit in 12 tortillas. In that case, just fry up a couple more. More enchiladas never hurt anyone.
“Please.” Castiel scrabbled at the ground uselessly as the creature crouched down beside him. “Please.”
Dean strolled to his half-hour of freedom, detaching his nametag and shoving it into his pocket, stretching his arms and neck as he neared the exit closest to the pickup counter. When he passed into the vestibule, he stopped cold.
“You could always tell me to knock it off.” Castiel graced his lips down Dean’s cheek, then neck, settling finally on the sill of his collarbone. “Anytime you want.”
There was an awkward pause over the table. Some of the other guests were starting to peek at them discreetly.
“Oh, I’ve seen a few recipes. I’m not as good of a cook as you, but I’ve made a few of your drinks.”
“You sure?” Sam shrugged and returned them to the display. “It just seemed to me like you’re up for some experimenting. In the kitchen, I mean.”
Castiel elbowed him under the blanket. “Stop it. I told you, the sooner we finish this, the sooner we can start scouting around for someone who fits our needs.”
“Yeah. Yeah, I should’ve thought of that.” Sam started for the library’s back door. “I’ll be back with the rest of the stuff.”
Each of them took hold of one of the doors, and Dean bolted them shut once they were firmly in their grooves. The barn was plunged into near-darkness again, and Dean instinctively reached for Castiel’s hand. He wasn’t sure whether he did it for Castiel’s benefit or his own.
A couple weeks before heading back to Edlund, he’d been telling Sam how excited he was to see Castiel again, how they’d finally be living together, how they were going to make sophomore year their bitch. John had lumbered into the doorway of the kitchen and barked at Dean to stop talking about his boyfriend and get his ass out to the garage to help him move an engine. Dean had swallowed down his rage because he didn’t want John to revoke his permission to take Baby. He’d just said “Yes, sir.”
“I suppose that makes sense. It would’ve been right on the border between the Union and Confederacy.”
“He sees you as an extension of himself. And that’s on top of all his other shortcomings as a father.”
“How can I hold your hand if I’m using one of mine to pick huckleberries and the other to hold the bucket they go in?”
“So, what do you two do?” Mick said, after they’d gone over the basics of the concept. “I know you’re a farmer, Dean, but do you do anything else?”
“Um. I don’t know.” Dean lowered his gaze, already feeling whipped back to reality. “Maybe those cocktails I made were stronger than I thought.”
“Oh, that’s not the point.” Zachariah waved his hand dismissively. “We just need a member of the department faculty there to satisfy university regulations. No one’s going to care whether you offer any input.”
“No, I didn’t mean it like that.” Jack hugged him again. “I was just kidding. I’ll try to learn some words before we go. Remember some of the words Anna taught me. Maybe we can practice together.”
“Hey, here’s one in French.” Castiel placed his glass on the bureau. “Shall we listen to it? It fits our evening so far.”
“Yes. I’ll stay away. I’m elbow-deep in the guts of my passage on NGO funding patterns, anyway. Won’t be leaving this chair until you drag me out of it.”
Dean meant for that to come out casual as could be, all jocular ribbing. Instead, there was a brittle, bitter tone to the remark that turned the aftertaste of his wine sour. Castiel just shrugged again.
Dean nodded, fondling the key around his neck. When they resumed their path to the front porch, he walked with his hand gently pressing between Castiel’s shoulder blades.
“I—” Castiel returned his gaze to Dean. “I don’t know how to explain it, but I didn’t require nourishment. Nor clothing for warmth, nor shelter for good health. Not for all these years. As long as I was…near the dragon, I had all I could desire.”
Castiel shrugged, clearly unconvinced. “Maybe. There’s something else, too. Obviously, everyone in the group follows my social media, so they all know where I’ve been. One of them pointedly asked me about your labor practices. Clear implications there.”
“Let’s figure it out later,” Michael said. “This pointless argument is giving Dean the wrong first impression of us.”
Despite their best efforts, Charlie wouldn’t divulge anything about her date to the group that night. She was sufficiently distracted by the badgering, however, to be knocked out in a fight against a witch after failing to dodge correctly.
“Dragons are a blight on our world. They’re inimical to humankind. We can never be free as long as—”
Castiel blinked rapidly. He stared down at the couch cushions, where Dean had edged perilously close to the invisible midpoint that separated his half from Castiel’s.
He leaned in for a soft, desperate kiss at the corner of Castiel’s mouth, a hug with weight behind it. Castiel’s eyes fluttered shut, only opening again with the distant click of the front door and Sam’s airy voice.
Put on a large pot of salted water to boil. (I use about 1 ½ tablespoons of salt for 8 ounces of pasta. It sounds like a lot, but as Mark Twain said, “The secret of success in life is to eat what you like and let the food fight it out inside.”)
It was past midnight when they got home, though with the entire city ablaze in lights, Dean thought he could still see as clear as day. He washed up for bed first and milled around in Castiel’s office while he waited for him. Jack’s drawings were arranged on the wall in rough chronological order, from crayon-on-paper signed with “JACK” to charcoal landscapes initialed “JK,” along with the year.
“Ooh, I like that,” Dean said, with a wink of conspiracy. “An annoying nickname. Shout it out, Cass. Shout it out to the Empty. Which one should I use for you?”
He nodded again, squirming out of Castiel’s grasp. He slipped into the water and paddled backwards, beckoning for Castiel. Apparently, he hadn’t wanted a hug after all.
Last night had been some sort of pivot point. He’d reached across the couch to touch Castiel’s hand without a second thought, and though he could probably come up with an excuse for that if he tried, it wouldn’t be a convincing one. Dean was beginning to understand that he’d been lying to himself for a long time. And not just about Castiel.
“You won’t do anything wrong, okay? I promise, I’m so horny and buzzed right now, I’ll be into whatever you do.”
“Oh, that’s a wondrous idea.” Chuck nodded to them. “I’ll be right in. Someone has to supervise Gabriel.”
“Sorry?” Lisa smoothed the same small section of her hair over and over. “Oh, yeah. I do Saturday and Sunday classes. At the fitness center by the hospital.”
“Yeah. We’ve got Georgetown and Johns Hopkins back to back, then Sunday free before UVA on the following Monday.”
“Dean, like I said, I don’t want to make you uncomfortable. I’m just a flirty person. I’m probably even more flirtatious with women, if you can believe that. Anyway, I can try to dial it back if it bothers you.”
article. “That’s from a ‘Salamander Man’ sighting years back, the one I told you about? What do you think of the artist’s rendition of you?”
“No, that’s not what I mean,” Dean said. As soon as Sam and Castiel started talking about a new city skyline on the television, though, he turned to Jack and winked.
“Honestly,” Dean resumed, as Castiel blinked at him in surprise. “When you came along, you sort of threw every plan I had out the window. And I’m okay with that.”
“Well, it wasn’t just physical. I could also tell that he had a big heart. A gentle soul. Wounded, but resilient. I could see how much love he had to give.” Castiel tasted his cup of coffee.
“This is an opportunity, Dean. You should take it. His burnt pasta video got 800 likes in less than an hour. There’s a lot of attention on you two right now; who knows if it’ll last.” Sam flicked his eyes to Dean’s pocket meaningfully. “Well?”
“Not sure I can afford to hire any more people year-round. Besides, we always have enough labor during picking season. This time of year’s just weird.”
Castiel winced. He tried to hide it by turning away and picking up the last article of clothing to be folded.
“No, it’s not that. I mean, I’m not exactly LeVar Burton, but it’s more that I don’t have a lot of spare time than me not wanting to read.”
Dean entered his information in Castiel’s phone; Castiel sent him the house number. Dean nodded in confirmation and returned his phone to his pocket. It was an old, thick model, Castiel noticed, with an ugly crack spidering across the screen.
Dean chuckled. “Man, I swear you read the most profound stuff. I can’t wait for you to meet Sammy. He’s the same way.”
Smash the garlic cloves with the side of your knife, then peel. Heat the extra-virgin olive oil in a frying pan over medium-low heat and add garlic, sautéing and breaking up the cloves with a wooden spoon until garlic has softened, about 3 minutes. Mix in chili flakes and oregano, then radish greens. Cook until the radish greens have wilted, about 2 minutes. Remove from heat.
“No, it—it definitely meets with my approval.” Dean pulled the hectocotylus to his lips. “Can I suck it?”
Below it was a picture of Castiel standing on the steps of the Lincoln Memorial with his arms crossed, staring directly at the camera. Challenging it.
Dean grumbled something about chick flicks; Miracle nosed between Sam’s legs, trying to enter the scrum. When Dean’s stomach growled, Castiel chided him for forgetting to eat while working the case.
“That’s a gentle way of saying I need to get out of bed earlier, I get it.” He took another bite. “I’ll try to be ready by 10.”
“When I got older, I realized that the people in our lives can be like that. Like a blurry view across dark water. You only see a small amount of who they are and have to fill in the rest. I thought for a while that I’d understand my family better one day, but that day never came. And…maybe we’ll never understand each other perfectly. But Dean—” Castiel turned to him with a soft smile. “You’ve reminded me to keep trying.”
Castiel looks pleased by that suggestion. It’s the first time Benny’s seen him pleased at anything since they met, about five hours ago now.
“Yeah, I lost a lot of crop to some bird last year, right in the middle of the season. Seemed like it happened overnight.”
Dean sat up, brushing away Castiel’s worried arm as soon as he offered it. “Well, you’ve done it before. How’d you make it out last time?”
“Maybe we’ll put a picture up on Instagram. So, follow us there if you haven’t already. Alright, so let’s go through the rest of what you’ll need….”
“1967? That’s like….” He tilted his head at the sky. “Three times as old as me. No, more. That’s even older than you, Dad. Imagine that.”
“Thanks, Sammy.” Dean wasn’t sure if his tone had come out more genuine or sarcastic. “Oh, that French door leads out to the deck too, Cass. And there’s a third one in the living room. It’s nice to open all of them on summer nights when it’s hot and sticky. Really helps cool the place down. Let’s go across to the other side of the hall now.”
Dean nodded. He picked up the bowl of bean dip and scooped a chip into it. Anything to steady himself.
“Which leaves an angel feather.” Dean glanced at the bunker’s door again. “Would Cass work, even if I can’t see him?”
“Yeah. I’m planning to go down to the church after lunch to vote.” Dean hesitated. “I’ll vote for Warren if you want me to.”
Castiel led him past the linen closet, pointing it out. Dean’s feet squished wetly on the hardwood. When they reached the bathroom, Castiel switched on the light inside the doorway.
“Go ahead. I’ll find Jack and hopefully come back for you before you need any rescuing.” Castiel pressed a kiss to the side of his mouth. “I know how much you love grill talk.”
“Why, thank you.” Chuck returned to his stool. “What’d you think of our island, Dean? Castiel said the two of you circumnavigated it today.”
“The one about Jack is pretty straightforward. Virtually every man I’ve dated has wanted as little to do with him as possible. Even the ones who stuck around after finding out always kept that part of me at arm’s length.” Castiel reached for the stained-glass lamp at the edge of the table and pulled its silver chain. “It’s not surprising. Most men in their twenties and thirties are kids themselves.”
Castiel tilted his head. “We’re just going to an outdoor market. You make it sound like we’re charging into enemy fire.”
“Whatever. More to the point, that can’t be the right spell because Cass isn’t the person in the world I’m closest to.” Dean gestured to him. “We all know it’d be you.”
Dean got in a few hours of work the next morning—it was nearly May, so he was setting up the bird netting around the strawberries—before he had to drive back to the house and get ready for the luncheon. He showered, put on his navy-blue suit, and tied his pink necktie in the full-length mirror that hung from his closet door. Once he’d finished adjusting his tie and cuffs, he grabbed his phone from atop the bureau and snapped a picture of his reflection.
“Don’t worry.” Dean sprang to his feet and made his way to the corner table. “I’ll bring it over. I’ll hold the food up to your mouth if I have to.”
“I still don’t get it,” Dean said. The four of them were in the living room, watching one of the New Year’s Eve specials, and the hosts were talking over a montage of the celebrations in different cities around the globe.
Dean shrugged. “Maybe. Well, one evening Gus invited me to dinner with his family, over at the worker housing. His mom was super nice. I remember her hugging me as soon as I walked in the door. I couldn’t remember the last time my dad had hugged me.”
“Well, in any case, you can learn from my mistakes. Don’t put up with merciless teasing early on. It only gets worse as time goes by.”
When they reached the station, Castiel scanned through the turnstile with perfect timing, then found two adjacent seats in the subway car while Dean was still negotiating the crush of humans at the doors. Dean sighed when he plopped down beside him.
“I just got so into his story. The guy was like, a literal computer. Maybe that’s why he invented them. Sort of.”
And by the help that the young man could offer, Castiel meant inspiration. Conversation, excursions, perhaps some tasteful clothed modeling. Nothing untoward. Nothing that would get him beat up by an angry male relative or the young man himself in this very remote corner of a very, very red state.
You’ll need two large pots for this recipe: one to keep the vegetable broth nice and warm throughout the cook time, and the other to cook the actual risotto. If you have a Dutch oven available for the latter, even better.
They did the herbed breadcrumbs first. Dean assigned the stirring to Castiel while he narrated the process and ingredients. After that came the cauliflower and the sharp cheddar Mornay sauce—Castiel sautéed the former while Dean attended to the latter, which required more talking to the camera. Dean poured his Mornay sauce into Castiel’s cauliflower, and then they both scattered the breadcrumbs over the top, making a thick crust. Once that was in the oven, Dean turned his attention to the farro pilaf.
“I—” Castiel’s tentacles flushed a shy pink. “I looked up human mating on your internet while we were talking just now. My attention can be divided among multiple activities.”
Melt the butter in a pan over medium-low heat, then add the shallots. Cook until translucent, about 4-5 minutes, then add garlic. Cook for another 2-3 minutes before adding the mushrooms and increasing the heat to medium. Cook, stirring regularly, until the mushrooms have lost most of their water, about 20-25 minutes. (There shouldn’t be standing water in the pan by the time you’re done; you should basically have a paste.)
He clicked on the picture Sam had taken of him at their dining table. The top comment was from Castiel. It had 322 likes.
“Oh, it’s not a big deal. Plenty of people leave an extra key for their neighbor, just in case something happens. And I meant what I said! You can leave anytime you want. But that means you can come back anytime you want, too. I don’t want you to worry about that.”
The last he saw of Castiel before he turned the corner into the living room was a look of bewilderment and genuine concern. Dean was glad to have escaped before he had to see that bewildered concern turn into amusement. There were still small mercies in the world.
“Well, that’s it.” They were back in the sunny living room—technically, it was a “great room,” but Castiel had opined that that was too pretentious a term to use in everyday conversation—and had gravitated to the wall of glass leading out to the deck. “I can show you around outside at some point, but I think Jack is waiting for you right now.”
“Really?” Dean lowered himself to the wooden bench and rested his head against the railing. The night breeze licked the sweat from his nape and tickled his hair.
“That’s pretty,” Castiel said. He held out one of the two wine glasses, and Dean tipped the bottle gently. “What a nice color.”
“I’m—well, I’m just wondering. Why’s it so important for us to retrieve those hives right away? Important enough that we have to do it tomorrow?”
Dean gave a last squeeze to Castiel’s shoulder. He picked up his suitcase and walked to the top of the stairs. Sam was looking up at him from the bottom.
Sam shook his head. “I don’t know what Cass has done to you, but I’m really liking this kinder, gentler, more sensitive Dean. Where’s the guy who used to dunk me in the catchment pool?”
“Don’t worry, I won’t make you wear a costume.” Dean palmed his hair away from his forehead. “How, uh, how was your day? You didn’t really tell me about it earlier.”
That had been, without a doubt, the most uncomfortable and bizarre conversation he and Dean had ever had. The very idea that Dean had been worrying that Castiel was straight and suspected
“You’ll have to choose an appetizer, a main course, and a dessert. The rest of it’s decided for you.”
“Technically, I only need a B- on any of them for an A in the course, but, you know. Bragging rights and all that.”
“For sure. Man, I can’t believe you guys have your own beach and pier and everything. I’ll be like a kid in a candy store. Actually—” Dean checked his watch. “Yeah, speaking of stores, we should probably head back to Food Land. My hour’s almost up.”
“He’s black,” Sam said. He nudged Dean with his elbow. “Hey, maybe that’s why it’s been so long since you last got lucky, Dean.”
The house was dim when they got back, save for the yellow beacon in Chuck’s tower. Naomi’s car was gone. Castiel stared up at his father’s study as he and Dean walked along the stone path, hand in hand.
“What time is it?” Castiel said, after they’d lain quietly, arms and legs intertwined, for several minutes.
Dean glared. “Just go to your room and take however long you need. I’ll tell Cass you had a headache or something.”
Dean has a harder time getting to sleep some nights than others. Castiel responds by offering him his fingers, which Dean swats away every time. They both look a little embarrassed after that.
“Hey, Sammy,” Dean said, as they approached the counter. “Uh, I want you to meet Castiel and Jack. Guys, this is my brother Sam.”
In spite of the good weather and better sales, Dean was preoccupied. He was driving back to the house at lunchtime to pick up Castiel, and they’d decided the night before to tell the truth if Charlie or Kevin asked them any questions. It amazed him how being with Castiel made him sometimes feel like he was half his age, wanting to show off his latest girlfriend in the school hallways or at the teenage haunts around town. The newness of it, the danger-laced thrill of not following a road he’d been down countless times before, was exhilarating.
Dean climbed the steps to the second floor. He felt a spark of hope in his chest. Maybe Castiel was lying in bed, waiting for him to sleep off the whiskey, clean himself up, and join him. Dean smiled faintly as he turned at the end of the hallway, but the hazy murmur of Castiel’s bass from the other side of the house stopped him in his tracks.
“Once I get back, though—” Castiel rested his chin on his palm and smiled, seeing him again. “I’d love to return with Sam the next time he drives out.”
“We can’t change the past.” When Castiel doesn’t immediately agree, Dean turns to him. “Would you change it if you could?”
“Key West,” Castiel replied, sounding chastened. “I told you to hang onto me. I wouldn’t have let you fall under.”
Castiel laughed. “No, we don’t have enough time. Besides, I kind of like it. We look like one of those couples that dresses alike.”
“Er.” Charlie turned to the window. “Let’s start with browsing Angels & Demons together. See where things go from there.”
Dean wrapped his fingers around the shaft and pulled down, slow and gentle. Castiel’s foreskin peeled back, revealing his shiny-smooth, bright pink head.
“Black bean, sweet potato, and avocado tacos. And I made a radish salsa this morning to go with them.”
“There you go.” Dean elbowed him. “I blew away your embarrassing admission with something ten times more embarrassing. That’s how good of a friend I am.”
“Huh. Well, my last boyfriend…I was a tiny bit taller than him. So I ended up being the big spoon by default at some point, I guess.” Castiel sighed. “He wasn’t much of a Byronic hero. More of a Byronic idiot.”
Castiel graced his fingers along the elastic waistband, rubbing the pad of his thumb over the thin trail leading down from Dean’s navel. Dean was straining against the fabric of his boxer briefs, warping the Bat-Signal almost beyond recognition. A damp patch bloomed across the canary yellow.
“Bye, Dean,” Castiel said in the entryway, once the driver was carrying away his small suitcase and laptop bag. “See you tomorrow night.”
“Not yet.” Dean strode over, squatted down in front of Castiel’s chair. “But the people remember you. And you’ll return to your old self eventually. I know you will, sire. You’re so strong, so brave. What’s ahead of you is nothing compared to what you’ve already overcome. You’ll save us.”
Dean dropped his spoon into his bowl; almond milk splashed up onto his placemat. He gaped at Castiel.
“Yeah.” Dean stabbed his stack of pancakes with his knife, then sawed through viciously. “So, don’t talk about him like that.”
Castiel gave a halfhearted motion of his head, somewhere between a shake and a nod without fully committing to either. He looked like he’d been crying. Dean stuck his pencil into his apron pocket.
“I’m here because of him, actually.” Castiel freed his right hand and brought it to Dean’s cheek. “He’s why I’m doing my PhD. Well, one of the reasons I’m doing it, at least. Certainly the biggest one.”
“Well, technically, it’s an ellipse. Which is apparently a fancy way of saying oval.” Dean walked to the wall above the couch and straightened the portrait of one of his and Sam’s long-dead ancestors. “Dad used to say this was Henry’s favorite room. He had a thing for geometry.”
Dean laughed his near-silent, rumbling laugh. He lifted Castiel up again, spun around the kitchen a couple times, and Castiel gripped him tighter in response. He didn’t ask to be put down until he smelled the tofu burning.
“Er, right. About that. The villagers will return the hives to the forest tomorrow, once there’s light to work with.”
“Sorry.” Sam chewed his lip as he turned to Castiel. “Just screwing around; you know how brothers are. I’m obviously not serious. I mean, Dean gets lucky
“We don’t have to talk,” Castiel said, after some time. “Not if you don’t want to. We could just look at each other. From a safe distance, even.”
“Don’t worry.” Sam inspected a clamshell package of spring mix before adding it to his cart. “I won’t embarrass you. Much.”
They reached the foot of the hill up to Chuck’s house. The other Shurleys had crowded the driveway with their vehicles, but there was just enough room at the top for Dean to slip the Impala into.
“Well, you can still take care of those questions. But just having another pair of eyeballs on your social media presence would be a good idea, I think.”
“I like the way you taste.” Castiel warmed some of the lube in his palm before daubing it around Dean’s opening, then coated his index finger with another squirt. “And I read the labels while you were in the bathroom. Apparently, mine is made without any harsh fragrances that can irritate the sensitive mucus membranes of the rectum.”
Dean felt the crunch of pebbles under his feet; they’d reached the edge of the farm’s water retention system.
“Got it in one.” Dean nudged him forward. “Can you pick a few of those for me? I kind of have my hands full.”
“Yeah, you’re right. A friend of mine needs help. His apartment flooded early this morning and with most people out of town, he’s got nowhere to go. I said he could stay with us for a few days.”
Castiel crouched down over the pile of lights and went to work. He’d been picking apart bird’s nests of holiday decorations for several days straight now and somehow hadn’t berated Dean once for not storing them more neatly.
Dean licked his lips. Should he say “you’re welcome?” No, that sounded pompous. Castiel shouldn’t have to thank him for being a decent human being about something people were just born with. Something that didn’t even matter. Dean shook his head.
“Maybe,” Dean admitted. “I think he regretted not spending more time with me and Sam when we were growing up. He pretty much said that in the years before he died.”
They lie still for a few tense seconds. Castiel chooses to say nothing. He moves his hips, matching his rhythm from before, and they go on like that for a couple minutes. Dean bends his knee forward but doesn’t bother raising it again.
“Hey.” Dean pulls him into an embrace. “Hey, it’s okay. I’m just happy you finally told me. You can tell me anything, alright? I know—” Dean snorts into the crook of Castiel’s neck. “I know I’m not always easy to talk to, especially about touchy-feely crap, but I’m making the effort. I really am. You need to tell me when something’s bothering you, or I won’t know how to fix it.”
Castiel pecks Dean’s lips, closes his eyes. His mammoth iridescent wings flick and flutter around them. One folds into place behind Castiel on the bed; the other rears up, sparkling in the kaleidoscopic light from the TV, and presses itself gently over Dean’s body. It pulls Dean into the valley of their mattress, the feathers forming themselves over every contour of Dean’s back, and Dean shivers. He can feel Castiel’s grace crackling in the air around them.
The three of them talked about Castiel’s research before dinner, which inevitably led into a discussion of politics. Sam played the role of devil’s advocate—one which Dean knew he relished, given his occupation—while Dean was content to simply sit back and let Castiel’s encyclopedic knowledge of every issue wash over him. They tangled over Joe Biden’s entry into the Democratic primary, the feasibility of single-payer healthcare, the morality of a fence on the Mexican border, and the politics of a Green New Deal. The timer for the oven beeped just when Sam was holding up his hands in acquiescence.
“Okay.” Castiel looked up at her with a wan smile. “I’ll think about it. I was thinking about it already, anyway.”
Jack loped off in the direction of his bathroom, and Dean and Castiel followed him. Castiel turned the dimmer just inside the hallway’s threshold to light their way.
“I know. But I’ll get it.” Castiel reached for a bag of cherries and placed it on the cart’s upper level. “Cherries. I put cherries on the list, right?”
Castiel raised his eyes to Dean’s reflection. For the first time in a while, he had those shy dimples again.
“Thank you,” Dean said, nipping one of Castiel’s earlobes. “Be sure to let me know if I’ve got any around my butthole. I’ve never checked.”
There was a pause, and Castiel waited for Dean to bat him back with humor and derision. Some mention of chick flicks, probably. Instead, he just snuggled further under the duvet and pressed a kiss to Castiel’s lips.
Castiel turned back to him. Dean didn’t really have a good reason to continue leaning into his personal space, but he didn’t hear him complaining.
Castiel peeled open a tiny bandage and brought it to Dean’s lower lip, furrowing his brow in concentration. His fingertips pressed gently on the seam of Dean’s mouth.
Dean crossed his legs. He could hear Castiel’s bass rumbling somewhere within the house, though he couldn’t make out most of the words.
Dean chuckled. “Okay, Cass. I hang the egg basket by the mudroom door. You should probably try to do it first thing after you wake up. Nothing good comes of letting eggs sit out during the day. Leave them by the sink and I’ll wash them when I come back for lunch.”
They crashed back into the bed with the force of the collision, the springs yelping their protest. Dean’s head hit the pillow and he gasped up at the image before him: Castiel hovering a few inches above, his face surrounded by a halo of afternoon sun. His eyes reflected the limitless blue of the sky outside the window.
Dean feels the tension and bitterness seep out of him. He unclenches his fist under the covers, where it’s been bunching up the sheet.
Dean made his way to his old room. Castiel stood just inside the doorway in a salmon T-shirt and white chino shorts; his suitcase was spread open on the ground, mostly filled with clothes and books by now. Only a few items remained loose: dress shoes in a clear plastic bag; a bulging toiletries case; a thin volume, next to the pillows, with a chocolate-brown cover and golden filigree.
A little before the halfway point of the garden, the vegetable stakes and trellises gave way to rows of incipient green shoots. Castiel bent down to read one of the plant tags.
They hit commuter traffic around Worcester, and by the time they were skirting the bleeding edge of Boston, the cars were angry and thick on all sides. Eventually, Dean rubbed his cheek and flicked off the radio.
If he had to guess, he’d say there were around eighty people lined up along the White House fence. Since everyone’s face was hidden, and many of them were facing the fence anyway, he wasn’t sure how he’d find Castiel. He’d recognize his voice—Dean had rewatched his pasta video at least a dozen times, and he’d gone through all the other videos on his Instagram to boot—but with so many people here, it would be drowned out by the hubbub.
“My poor baby boy. It’s probably a tension headache from sitting still all day. I should go give him a neck rub.”
Kelly laughed and shut her trunk. The four of them strolled to where the parking lot ended, and Jack sighed as the incline began. Castiel rubbed between his shoulder blades.
“Well, that was around when Dad died. Maybe I felt like I could be myself a little more after that. Whatever—whatever that means.”
“I better not,” Castiel said. “I’m not very coordinated. I’d probably drop it and get myself in trouble.”
“Maybe, Cass. Maybe.” Dean patted the pile of creamy orange pumpkins at the corner of the island. “Here, we’ve got some pumpkins from the garden. These aren’t the jack-o’-lantern kind, folks—you need eating pumpkins for this recipe. Most winter squashes will work, too.”
Dean watched the light refract in Castiel’s hand for a few seconds, wanting to say something about sharing everything below them for the rest of their lives. Instead, he flipped open the flaps of the picnic basket.
“I was thinking we could go on a walk around the property tomorrow,” Castiel said. “Show you the beach, the pier, the shed where Anna keeps all the outdoor stuff. It’s a few acres, but most of it is forest. It should only take us a little while.”
“I don’t mean to be boastful. But out of the seven agilities a knight is expected to master, I had the most talent for marksmanship. I—” Dean hesitated. “I even took first place in a shooting tournament for squires that you presided over. You pinned the accolade to my breast.”
“Well, I suppose we could continue standing here until one of the manifold law enforcement agencies with jurisdiction tells us to beat it, though I can tell you from experience that that’s not as fun as it looks.” Castiel strolled past Dean, stopping at the curb of Pennsylvania Avenue. “Or, I could buy you lunch.”
“You’re sure you want to wear jeans?” Castiel said. “Something with an elastic waistband might be more comfortable for your sensitive skin.”
Dean sighed. The wheels of the shopping cart squeaked as he pulled aside to make way for someone else.
Dean heaved himself from the bed and reached for Castiel’s jacket. He held it up for him to slip into, and they shared a fond glance in the bedroom’s full-length mirror.
“Perhaps.” Castiel emptied a handful of new words into Dean’s waiting palm. “But isn’t the bigger obstacle to any relationship the fact that he attacked and killed most of her friends, kidnapped her, and took her to his lair without her consent?”
Castiel shut his eyes, seemed to swallow something down. He was already lying across the hotel bed. It wasn’t even eight yet.
There was one right thing to do, and that was to gently, firmly untangle himself. Take the dishes down to the kitchen and wash them and dry them and put them away. Take a cold fucking shower and come back to—if there were any sort of God in the heavens to take mercy on him—a Dean who’d passed out on the futon, and who’d remember little to nothing tomorrow of what they'd nearly done.
The portal opened above their heads, smaller this time. A wad of clothing and shoes hit Dean in the face.
Dean continued narrating the recipe, emphasizing the importance of creating a paste of cheese, pepper, and cold water with some jabs of his immersion blender before using the time while the pasta cooked to go over some of the dish’s common pitfalls. Castiel was adept at playing the part of the disaster home cook who needed Dean’s steady hand to guide him. Dean quipped that that wasn’t much of a stretch for him.
“Don’t you dare pull that card with me, Castiel. Don’t you dare. I’ve never treated you differently from your brothers because of—because you’re….”
“You and me. I like the sound of that.” Dean craned his neck forward and touched his nose to Castiel’s. “I’ll be gentle with you from now on. I promise.”
Castiel nudged the lance with his wing, trying to dislodge it or at least break it off. It wasn’t a mortal blow, but it made it hard to extend his left wing. He was so absorbed in the task that he only noticed the knight coming around for another charge when he was almost upon him. There was a crossbow in his hand now—black and silver, like horse and knight—and Castiel heard a sharp thwack.
“You know, I returned to Earth furious with you. Livid that you’d accept such a pointless death. That you’d so easily shrink back into the small little shell that your father and my father defined for you. That you’d still, after everything, say with your dying breaths that Sam and the hunt would always matter more than
Dean bent down to look through the cabinet under the mudroom sink. Crowley peered into the darkness along with him.
At the pharmacy that took up about a third of Food Land’s rear wall, Dean picked up some gummy bear vitamins and grinned. Were these for the dad or the son, or maybe both? Something about the image of a dad placing a gummy bear on his son’s place setting at breakfast every morning stopped Dean in his tracks, and he only realized he was staring off into space when one of the pharmacists behind the counter waved at him.
“You’re intelligent, Dean. A hard worker, obviously. Curious about the world. I think you could’ve not just received a diploma, but graduated at or near the top of your class. I think you didn’t see a point in trying because your father only ever saw you as an extension of himself. Maybe you saw yourself the same way.”
“Uh-huh.” Dean worked his fingers up the defined muscles of Castiel’s back, crinkling between his starchy dress shirt and his stiff suit jacket. “Yeah, I could tell you were pissed. It was kind of hot.”
Dean nuzzled Castiel’s nose, kissed his lemonade-tinged lips. A breeze blew in from the hollow, tinkling the wind chimes and carrying Sam and Eileen’s laughter up to them from somewhere in the near distance.
The four of them walked to the center of the parking lot. There, Sam sprinkled gold dust and clumps of myrrh into the skyphos, then added the angel feather. By the time he’d handed the vessel to Dean, there was enough purple light in the eastern sky to read the incantation without a flashlight.
“It’s your fault, you know.” His eyes were closed now, and he’d gone from lightly patting Castiel’s hand to tentatively dragging his fingers between his.
Dean rolled his eyes. He watched Meg on the dais, swaying with Solo cup in hand to “Say It Right.” He’d never really had a serious conversation with Meg before—not like the ones he’d had with Castiel all through freshman year, when they’d hung out on Castiel’s deluxe futon and shot the shit all night long over Triscuits and a bottle of wine. But she’d promised to help him clean the room up once the party was over, so he guessed they’d have the chance to talk then, for better or worse.
“Jack might want to stay here on most visits. Maybe every visit. He knows this is my primary home now.”
"You and Sam took care of dinner. The least I could do was handle cleanup." Dean slung the dishtowel over his shoulder. “Want to have a drink with me? Now that Sam’s gone, we can break out the good stuff.”
With a great heave, Castiel flapped up, listing towards his mountaintop. A few more of the knight’s arrows whizzed by, and one glanced off his tail. Luckily, there was a generous updraft coming up from the valley floor at this time of the night, and Castiel rode it, clenching his left arm against his chest to stanch the bleeding.
Dean swirled his wine glass; it caught the dripping lights of the chandelier and glittered like a goblet of jewels. He drew in a deep breath.
“Dean, he doesn’t even have a place to stay right now. I’m sure that’s pretty far down on his list of concerns.”
When he reached the edge of the courtyard and the lower ramparts came into view, Dean was astonished by what he saw. There, curled up in the dirt and debris, was a naked man. The sun pierced through an opportune slit in the crumbling parapets above him, illuminating his body as if by divine providence.
The green hue of Dean’s face actually started going lighter, taking on chartreuse tones. He turned away.
Ellen served him a bowl of turnip stew, half a round of bread, and a tankard of ale. She leaned her hip into the counter and recounted to Dean the village’s history with Blue-Eyes, saying she’d leave it to the man—whose name Dean finally learned was Ash—to describe the beast’s appearance and behavior, as he’d seen it more closely in the course of his trips up the mountain.
Dean winced. “That came out wrong. I mean—let’s go out to dinner somewhere because the food’s good, not because it’s in a gay area. I don’t see what that has to do with anything.”
Dean walked out to the landing and locked the door with Sam’s spare key. He was actually doing this.
“It’s good. Really good.” A blush colored Dean’s skin bright pink, and he fiddled with the buttons of his flannel, popping open one of them. “Sorry, all those fancy wine terms aren’t coming to me. My poor monkey brain’s barely hanging on right now.”
There was something about Castiel, though, that made Dean want to be anything he needed him to be. It was probably the crown prince thing.
“Yeah, of course. I still don’t understand why she’s pulling away. I could help her with whatever’s going on.”
“One thing first, though.” Dean worked his hands together in his lap, right above the bulge in his towel. “Uh, you can shut me down right away if you want. I won’t be disappointed or anything. Well, I’ll be a little disappointed, but don’t let that affect your decision at all.”
Dessert was homemade strawberry ice cream with the few fresh strawberries left from last week’s surplus cut on top. Castiel made noises that sounded downright filthy as he licked his spoon after each bite.
“Stop being so obstinate.” Castiel moved around to Dean’s back. “It’s not as cute as you think it is.”
. Castiel offered to start from the beginning, but Dean shrugged and pressed play on the second episode, where Castiel said he’d left off back at his place. Despite him starting with the best intentions, Dean’s full stomach and the soothing voice of the English narrator conspired to lull him to sleep before very long.
“Okay,” Sam said. “So, you can see Dean, but he can’t see you. When was the last time you talked? What was happening?”
“Are you—” Dean walked his mug to the counter and refilled his coffee so he wouldn’t have to face Castiel. “Are you and Sam, uh. You know.”
“No, there’s no one right now. I’ve been focusing on my work, and then there was everything involved with pulling up stakes and moving to a new place.” Castiel piled half of the last page of words in Dean’s hands, then started sticking the other half on the refrigerator door himself. “Good thing, too. If I had a partner, I imagine it would be hard to conceal your existence from him. I’m not a very good liar.”
“I’ve made veganism my resolution before,” Castiel said. “Multiple times. But then the mozzarella sticks come along…. I think I’ve made it past January 17
He was pretending; that was obvious. Focusing on the mission, the case, until they’d seen it through to the end. Once, before he knew him as well as he did now, Castiel would’ve been crestfallen at Dean’s swift dismissal of the moment Castiel considered his perfect happiness. Now, because he knew Dean felt the same way, because he knew that that was
“Yeah, I get it. You’re not used to new people. But you’re going to have to get used to him. He’ll be here for a while.”
“You could never embarrass me.” Castiel ruffled Jack’s hair. “So, will you be nice to Dean when he comes over?”
“So, the myth of the great Winchester brothers.” Benny sits along the back wall with Dean, nods up at the portal of dying light where Castiel stands guard. “How much of that’s the fact you’ve got a pet angel in your back pocket?”
“Well, you noticed it eventually. You fixed it. That’s what matters.” Dean reached for his hand. “Focus on that.”
After a few minutes of stretching on his front porch, Castiel set off down the road. He usually took the same route: up the gentle hill to the west until he reached the rural two-lane highway, then a double back for home. It was about four miles total. When he was feeling especially ambitious, he might run a little farther to the nearest town, but the return trip was always the same. There weren’t any other roads into or out of Castiel’s part of the swamp than the one he lived on, so he saw the same scenery on his jog every time.
“Though my hectocotylus will ejaculate, it won’t be able to fertilize you.” Castiel seemed to stare through Dean for a moment. “I’m not ready to be a parent either. By the standards of my species, I’m quite young.”
“I was thinking…an office for the two of us that overlooks the ocean. A solarium for meditation and exercise. And lots and lots of bookcases filled with things I’ll never get to.”
Dean scratched the back of his head. If Castiel had known since last year, no wonder Dean had never seen him take chicks back to his room. But where did Meg fit into all this? Maybe Castiel had been questioning things for a while, and Meg was the one who tipped him over. Dean smirked. He almost felt bad for her.
“Yeah.” Castiel flipped over and beamed up at him. “You know, I was having a dream about you just now.”
“The night sky,” Castiel said, after a long time had passed. “From where I gripped you tight and brought you up here.”
Castiel tilted his head. “I didn’t intend to bite you. Would you like me to? Are you—” Castiel’s tentacles bobbed slowly, radiating the same crystal blue light as his eyes. “Are you proffering terms for a negotiation? We have many forms of compensation available.”
“No, he’s with my sister. She’s going back to Seattle in a couple days, so she’s forcing him to actually spend time with her before then.”
Dean flopped into a chair and fluttered his lips. “No, I didn’t notice anything weird. You think I wouldn’t have led with that?”
“Well, that was then, this is now,” Dean said. “You can’t hold dumb shit I said when I was 23 against me for the rest of my life.”
“That’s where I’m from.” The amber tentacle pointed to an eye in the sky that looked like a blob of rainbow sherbet. “Humans call it the Helix Nebula.”
Dean nodded. Castiel’s upbringing sounded pretty different from his—the living room TV had raised him and Sam almost as much as John had—but the parental control, at least, sounded quite familiar.
The plants in the flowerbeds were coming up well. Dean visited them after cleaning the bird coop and collecting eggs; he thought a week and a half was long enough for any early issues with the flower plants to reveal themselves. He’d been weeding the garden and setting up slug baits for about an hour when Cain’s ramshackle van rolled up to the farm’s gate and Dean waved him on.
“All the rooms are nice. I’m pretty sure mine’s the smallest.” Castiel started down the stairs again. “You’re right, though. My brothers love complaining that I’m Father’s favorite. Especially Rafe.”
Even though he’d planned out various impressive vegetarian dinners for the two of them throughout the week, he hadn’t spared a thought for what he’d feed Castiel for breakfast. Dean ate a fried egg and steel-cut oatmeal with berries every morning, but he couldn’t expect Castiel to be satisfied with only one option. When Dean passed a jar of apple blossom honey in the baking aisle, he was finally struck with inspiration.
Dean had to work the next day. He always did some work on Sundays, since the market took up his Saturdays and it wasn’t good to regularly leave the berries unmonitored for two days in a row. Instead of returning for lunch, he packed one to take with him in the morning and returned home an hour earlier than usual, getting back just before five.
“We’d switch to a pick your own model. I might still end up hiring on some help, but they’d have to live in town, I guess.”
Castiel’s body woke him up sometime around 2 a.m. He flipped onto his other side and curled up, hoping to trick himself into drifting back to sleep.
“No problem.” Dean cleared his throat. “Uh, I better go. Have a good day—” Dean almost called him sir again. “Have a good one.”
“What I mean is that I could do our laundry. You work outside all day and I’ll just be sitting at a desk. It’s a simple thing for me to do it for us.”
“Dean?” The plate of tofu scramble wobbled a little in his hand. “What’s happening? Are you leaving already?”
In the end, though…there wasn’t any point in lying to himself. Dean had seen enough hentai to know where this was going. And honestly? He kind of liked it. Those tentacles could touch him everywhere he’d ever fantasized about but never acted on and, for once, he wouldn’t have to put in any work to get his freak on. Castiel
He wasn’t just talking about Dean’s presence at the house; Dean knew that. Maybe he was referring to how improbable it was that they’d found each other to begin with. Maybe, instead, he was talking about the unlikely bravery both of them had had to find within themselves to get together at all. Maybe he had in mind all the obstacles they’d overcome in the months since then. Maybe he meant the life they were building together, brick by painstaking brick.
Castiel was so lost in pleasurable thoughts of frying Dean to a crisp that he bumped into his back, not realizing that he’d stopped moving. They were at the entrance of a large chamber about halfway up the tower.
“Ah. You know, there’s a new cranberry-stuffed meat replacement loaf I want to try this year. I think you’ll like it, Jack.”
“You know what? It is simple, Cass. No matter what, I want you to be honest with me. I don’t want secrets between us. That’s the fastest way to ruin what we have.”
Dean lowers his leg, which is starting to go warm and slightly numb after being held aloft for the last few minutes. It’s his fault. Castiel’s corrected him on this point before, the first time he used his grace to enhance Dean’s pleasure and each time Dean neglected the right nomenclature after that. He’s more sensitive about angel stuff ever since the two of them got together. He says he’s holding Dean to a higher standard now that they’re a couple.
Dean started. In his peripheral vision, he saw Luke boring that same simper into the side of his face. He took a moment, remembering Castiel’s admonition that Luke loved nothing more than a reaction, and decided to ignore him.
Granted, there was a huge cemetery about half a mile from Castiel’s property, but he’d never been as spooked by graveyards as most people. It was fronted by a crumbling stone wall encrusted with blue lichen and lush green moss, and county records indicated that it dated back to a family plot begun in the 1700s. Castiel was looking forward to digging into the local myths and legends about it—old resting places for the dead were always tied to rich folkloric traditions—but that would have to wait until he settled into his new position.
He sounds stilted—well, even more stilted than usual. It’s such an obvious question, though, so Dean can’t understand why.
Thing was, though, the items in this order were weird, just like its timing. A bottle of champagne. Two dozen pale pink roses. Bath salts. A women’s razor.
Castiel let his body go slack, let Dean snuggle into him as much as he wanted. He dug his nose into Dean’s hair and breathed. There was still the scent of the lake and the afternoon sun there, and Castiel knew that any feeble battle he’d been fighting against his feelings for Dean was irrevocably lost.
Dean bit his lip hard enough to draw blood. He clasped the North and South Poles in either hand, holding on for dear life as Castiel punched him forward a fraction of an inch with every frenzied plunge into his depths. He only found the words to speak when Castiel had to stop and yank him back west. Dimly, he realized that his head had been pushing past Japan and New Zealand, perilously close to falling off the edge of the world.
Castiel’s glare hardened even further, but not because of him, Dean realized. At least, not entirely.
“You’re looking at a bona fide social media sensation, Crowley,” Dean said. He clicked his phone’s Instagram app. “At least by Northern Shenandoah Valley standards.”
Dean hung his head and breathed. “Dammit, Cass. Keep talking like that and you can make me do anything you want.”
“No, we’re working.” Dean licked his lips, deciding to change tacks. “See, thing is, if you want to learn about the human body, human emotions, human culture, uh…sex is a pretty good place to start.”
“Adam, you should ask your father first,” Castiel said. “He might want to make sure that game is appropriate for you.”
“No, I completely agree. I just don’t see how we get it done with Republicans in control of the Senate.” Sam tipped his head back. “Cass, this pie is amazing.”
“Yeah, definitely. How’d you come up with the idea, though? I thought you cared more about immigrants, climate change, that kind of stuff. I know you managed the homeless shelter, but that was a long time ago.”
Castiel nodded. His eyes were distant, peering through Dean’s chest at something that maybe even he didn’t see clearly. There was something different there from when he normally talked about his family—sadness, still, but leavened with something like hope or joy.
He nodded pensively. “Yet when people go out on their first dates—much of the time, haven’t they just met?”
The drive down to The Barn was dark, with just a hint of purple in the western sky and the Impala’s headlights to light the way. The moon had gotten caught somewhere in the trees, peeking out once in a while between flurries of maple leaves that skittered across the two-lane highway. Dean realized, now that they were sharing the same enclosed air, that Castiel was wearing cologne too. For some reason, that set his heart racing so fast that he was sure Castiel had to hear it.
Dean stared at the backyard. There were a dozen people out there, maybe a couple more. A few of them were dancing to the first verse of “Karma Chameleon” in the self-ironic way typical of millennials. For the first time since they’d met, Dean looked openly uncertain.
“I just worry about him. I want him to be happy, to be taken care of. He’d give away everything he has to whomever he falls in love with. He trusts too easily, always has. And I’m not very good at talking to him about these things.”
Dean nodded. “How long does the return trip take, though? And then coming all the way back here again….”
“White it is.” Sam picked up one of the wine glasses. “Riesling. One of our clients gave it to me. Oh, you can just move Dean’s bag to the floor if it’s in the way.”
Dean had prepped all the ingredients in the afternoon, so he only needed ten minutes to ready his mise en place. Castiel set up the recording, then trained Crowley up and down the cat tower.
The crossbow. Of course. Castiel didn’t see it on Dean, so he assumed that it was in one of the bags strapped to the horse’s flanks.
Dean considered this. He rubbed his thumb down the valley of Castiel’s back, nuzzled into the soft brown hair at the side of his head, as Castiel led for a while.
Over the next week, Benny gets to know Castiel better. He’s not a complete robot. He’s nothing like a human, though, either. He says what he’s thinking without any kind of guile or finesse. He’s terrible at reading body language. He doesn’t understand what personal space is, and he routinely gets in close enough to Benny during their arguments that he’d think he was being propositioned for hate sex if Castiel weren’t an angel.
“Yeah! Everyone’s gone home for the day!” Kevin put his hands on his hips. “What’re you doing up there?”
Back in the hallway, Dean led the way down the gallery of rear windows to the southern end of the house. The air was thick with the smell of lasagna and now garlic bread, so Dean guessed they only had a few minutes left.
Castiel shifted on his feet uncomfortably. The other Shurleys seemed to be ignoring the entire exchange, already having resumed whatever conversation they’d been absorbed in before Castiel’s arrival.
Chuck laughed. “Oh, indeed. She was a statuesque woman. Five foot ten. Graceful. Strong. Most of the time when we danced, she’d dip me.” He paused, stroked the side of his glass. “She was an amazing dancer.”
“No.” Castiel shook his head. “Maybe in the past, but I think he wants more now. He keeps saying he wants a meaningful connection.”
“I wouldn’t say that.” Castiel tilted his head. “What’s the matter? Are you mad that I researched it without asking you?”
“Yeah.” Dean swirled his tongue under the hectocotylus’s sheath. “Makes it better, though. Being a good boy is boring.”
“‘Surprise’ might be a strong word.” Dean latched the gate behind them. “I just thought you might appreciate this. It’s the flowers. They’ve really taken off since the rain stopped.”
Dean fluttered his lips. “Cass, let’s just enjoy the afterglow for a few damn minutes. It’s not like we can do anything about the situation unless the Empty shows up, anyway.”
He’d pined for him for months, whiled away countless hours in daydreams about this moment; but now that everything he’d ever wanted was sitting less than a foot away, ripe for the taking, he was paralyzed. Afraid of going too fast, too slow. Afraid of not being big enough or sexy enough or masculine enough. Afraid of moving left instead of right and bashing their teeth together, of making too much noise or too little, of touching Dean somewhere that made him edge away and say that maybe he wasn’t ready for this after all.
Castiel pondered that. He didn’t particularly like the idea of meeting the sorcerer who was responsible for the enchantment that had forced him into a human body, but perhaps he could look through the man’s belongings and find some way to reverse it.
“Thanks. Thanks, Cass. Yeah, I may be into cowboys, but that doesn’t mean I want to go all Brokeback or something.”
“That isn’t the best argument you could make,” his father said. For the first time, there was an edge to his voice. “Considering what happened back then.”
"It's fine, Dean. I had some money saved up. You'd be surprised at how far you can stretch a dollar when you're willing to forgo creature comforts. Like indoor plumbing. Sometimes."
He and Castiel had left for Dulles three hours ago to pick up Jack. His plane had been slightly delayed, and then the baggage carousel a little more than slightly delayed, but at least they were back in time for dinner. Sam had used the time to get through the first hundred pages of the autographed copy of
“See, that makes him even cooler. He saves the day without needing any special abilities. It’s more like real life. Anyone can be Batman.”
“Yeah.” Dean dragged his palms down his face. “Fill me up with alien sperm. God, I don’t know why that turns me on so much. I’m fucked up.”
Dean groaned. He’d been expecting this moment to come eventually, though he’d figured the final confrontation would play out in Gail’s office in Old Town. He and Castiel had been at an impasse over their first dance song since the very beginning of the dreaded checklist—he wanted classic rock, Castiel wanted a soft, timeless ballad, and neither of them would budge.
“Easy for you to say. No offense, Cass, but you were born with a silver spoon in your mouth.” Sam sighed, and his glum expression hardened. “I never want to be poor again. I promised myself that when I was a kid.”
“Sure.” Dean cranked the wheel; they rambled along the gravel road between the house and garage. “It’s only a quarter mile to the top of the fields, but I figured we’d drive along the ridge for a while so I could show you all the different berries.”
Dean pushed off somewhere. His weight returned to the futon, and then he was wiping his come from Castiel’s face.
Castiel was fixing him with a strange, suspicious look, and Dean thought he saw a flash of something in his eyes. Maybe panic; maybe something else.
“Dean, when I told you I wanted to marry Jess one day, you said marriage was for suckers. You said I’d be hanging my balls up.”
“Son, I know you didn’t want to come up here with me. But I don’t know what you expected me to do. I needed to try a change of scenery, and I wasn’t about to leave you on your own.”
“Very well.” Castiel stirred his bowl, his face shadowed in the candlelight. “The dragon and I came to this vale seven years ago. After some months of hibernation, he asked the villagers for food. He only ever wanted food. In return, he granted them all the blessings of the firmament. Short, mild winters; wet springs; long, hot summers; brisk, dry autumns. Cloudless days that stretched on and on; cool, misty nights that replenished the soil. The land flourished, as did her people.
“Oh, right.” Dean wiped his brow with his forearm. “We still going to that big one for your birthday?”
“It’s—okay, it’s the song for our first dance. But I wasn’t buttering you up. I really wanted to kiss you.”
Castiel stares at him. Dean can feel his gaze in his peripheral vision as he scales the channels. The skin of his face and neck feel hot. His heart is thumping so hard that he can hear it in his ears.
Life, in all its beauty and ugliness, will never be darker than “being a Stepford bitch in Paradise.” Free will is always better than reversion to some supposed destiny, even one that is presented to the viewer as not being all that bad. It’s unfortunate that people involved with the show turned against these basic principles of
There was bitterness on Castiel’s profile, though he reached for the coffee and smiled at the aroma in a seeming effort to distract from that. Dean massaged between Castiel’s shoulder blades while he filled their cups. Once they’d taken their first sips, Castiel spoke again.
“I suppose not. Of course, staying in Camden made the most sense when Jack was younger and her parents still lived there, since they could watch him. It’s only a 45-minute drive.”
“Thanks,” Ellen said, raising her eyebrows at Dean. Dean shrugged, returned his wallet to his pocket, and followed Castiel out to the restaurant’s patio.
Castiel snorted. “In the end, he cowed me. He promised to not tell the rest of our family what he’d seen if I promised to not look at boys anymore. I told myself that it wasn’t that bad; after all, I’d dated girls. Maybe I could just go back to that. So, I did.”
“I’m sorry. But—” Castiel weighed the phrasing of his next sentence. “You told me that you come from a family of dragon hunters. Perhaps that’s why your parents met their ends in such a way? It’s only natural that dragons would defend themselves.”
“I’m glad you think it’s a good idea,” Castiel said. He wasn’t letting go, so Dean embraced him again. “I can’t wait to have a conversation with you, Dean.”
“Okay,” Castiel said. He reached for his phone. “Oh, I forgot to tell you. Trump’s getting impeached. Pelosi announced the inquiry today.”
“I mostly got you gift cards,” Castiel replied. “You’ll have to carry everything back in your luggage. It only looks like I got Dean more.”
Well, enigma was a strong word. Dean was just curious about him, and if he was right about the feelings he was developing for Castiel, he’d prefer to find out any nasty surprises sooner rather than later.
“I’ve slept on my share of floors in my time.” Dean tumbled down to the wood and lay his head on the cloak. “Besides, there’s only one bed in here.”
Dean took a few more slow breaths before bearing down again, letting in the widest part of Castiel’s cock. He wavered, the muscles in his thighs giving out, and Castiel reached out to hold him aloft.
“Uh.” Dean turned off the tap. “I guess so. Not as much as some other guys who had more going for them, but yeah.”
“I know you support him, Cass. I wasn’t—I’m asking whether you miss him. Miss seeing him grow up. Being there for the little stuff.” Dean shook his head. “Tell me to shut up if you like. I don’t know what I’m saying. I’ve never been a dad.”
"I don't know. Anything. You're an interesting, fascinating person. I mean, where'd you grow up, for starters?"
“Yeah, you’ll probably be on your own by then. I’ll already be in bed or close to it.” Dean scratched his neck. “Um, I might as well get this out of the way now. I know you’re a night owl, but try not to knock on my door while I’m asleep. Unless it’s an emergency, obviously. I’ll be grumpy if I have to wake up and I don’t want to snap at you.”
Castiel had been in DC for the past week, plowing through research at the university library and helping promote a major environmental protest on the National Mall in his free time. There’d even been a short segment about the latter on the Saturday evening news, though Dean was disappointed when he didn’t see Castiel’s face in the crowd.
“I don’t think I will. I think—” Castiel broke off. He gazed up at the apex of the sky again, his lips forming around a few silent, imperceptible words.
“Yeah, they kind of look like lanterns hanging off the plant. We have a few tomatillo plants in the greenhouse, you know.”
Dean emptied his lunchbox in the kitchen, then crossed the house to the library. Castiel’s laptop stood open on the table, but its owner was missing. Dean walked to one of the French doors and peered out. He smiled when he spied Castiel reading on one of the deck chairs.
Castiel hesitated. Did he really want to broach this topic with Dean? Sure, it shouldn’t matter, but it was possible that salamander man culture had different norms and taboos from what Castiel was used to. What if—what if Dean thought less of him?
Castiel dropped to his seat and checked the camera’s screen. He showed one of the pictures to Jack, who whispered something to him that Dean couldn’t hear.
Dean blushed. “Er—I’m sure most of you recognize that voice. Cass is here, helping me with the cooking and filming.”
In the living room’s half-light, he hadn’t noticed at first. Dean’s face shimmered with iridescence: verdant around his eyes, stripes of yellow down his cheeks, blushing crimson on his lips. It was the opposite of camouflage, stark and vivid. Like there was nothing Dean wanted more than for Castiel to see him.
The look on Chuck’s face gave Dean enough courage to leaven the moment with some humor. He drained his glass.
The rest of June passed in an easy rhythm. The strawberries were exhausted by Friday of the following week, which was just as well since most of the other berries were coming into their own. Dean’s channel crossed 70,000 subscribers by the end of the month, finally surpassing Castiel’s Instagram followers a few days before. They recognized the occasion with a bottle of champagne and a quip from Dean about how he was on top now, for which Castiel got him back later in the night.
Chuck studied his face for a while. Dean tightened his grip around his glass, confident that he’d made things worse.
Dean thought back to his three years of Spanish in high school, where his congenital inability to roll his double Rs had always frustrated him. No matter how much practice he put in, his accent was less Latin lover than Midwestern dad.
Dean stopped pacing and smiled. The very thought made him feel all warm and tingly. Meg could flip her hair and flutter her eyelashes all she wanted, but Dean was still Castiel’s best friend. The one he came home to. The one he was closest with. You couldn’t fake the way they’d snuggled together last night. Castiel had wanted to be there, with him, and nowhere else. He’d been missing his roommate time just as much as Dean had been.
“Just—something I needed to walk off.” Dean fingered the stem of his wine glass. “You ordered for us?”
Dean grimaced. “Now you’re pushing it. That tie goes back to the bottom of the drawer after the festival’s over each year.”
Dean lay down on the lawn and held his phone above his eyes as he typed. They’d had almost a week straight of sun, so the grass was warm and dry under his body.
Castiel basted a cotton pad with alcohol and knelt in front of Dean again. He dabbed Dean’s cut lip.
“I hope so. And if not?” Castiel tilted his head. “Oh well. You can just meet my family another time. It doesn’t change anything between you and me.”
“He better.” Dean crossed his arms. “He’s always complaining that he doesn’t get to help out around here. Well, now he can.”
“That’s okay. You can help me wash it off later.” Dean swallowed. “Damn, it’s good to have you back, Cass. I didn’t know a week could feel that long.”
Dean smiled and sipped his coffee. It was 6:10 a.m. Monday morning and he was shuffling around the living room, checking social media for the first time since getting home last night. Castiel had posted the selfie he’d taken at Sam’s dining table—him on the left, Dean on the right, and Sam craning his neck to fit above the two of them—and Dean was trying to come up with the right comment in response.
“I appreciate that, baby. But it’s not about you intending to or not. You’re—” Dean chuckled. “You’re not exactly small. And my poor little virgin ass doesn’t have experience with being rammed. I’ve never even stuck a finger up there. So…it’s going to hurt. They said it almost always hurts the first time.”
“But that ‘pain into pleasure’ thing?” Dean ran his hands along the grooves of Castiel’s abs, scooping up his come. “I think I’m starting to feel it.”
After the three of them packed up the stall in the evening, Dean dropped Kevin off at his family’s house and wished him luck on his finals. Then he drove the delivery truck back home. He and Charlie had packed it with enough earlier in the week to not need restocking, and the Impala would be fine at the warehouse for one night.
“Cass?” Dean said, once they’d turned out the lights and gotten into bed. They were lying close together in the bottom bunk, Dean facing the moonlit room and Castiel snuggling up behind him.
“Yeah. Well, you know me. My mouth runs a few miles ahead of my brain. You just meant the loan, obviously.”
“The food? Yeah. I have a pretty good memory for food. I can tell you the best truck stop for a bacon cheeseburger and a slice of pie in nineteen different states.”
In the end, Dean thought with a grin, he supposed he had good taste, too. After all, he’d made sure to lock Castiel down as his roommate the instant the topic came up.
A minute went by with nothing on the surface but the voyage of the autumn leaves. Just when Castiel was beginning to think he’d been abandoned, the creature’s head poked up a few feet from shore. He bobbed towards Castiel, presenting him with a wriggling fish about nine inches long when he arrived. He gazed up at him expectantly.
Jack looked across at Dean for a long time, though with his sunglasses hiding his eyes, it was hard for Dean to guess what he was thinking. Finally, he turned back to the view of the water and cleared his throat.
At the driveway in front of the garage, Dean jumped up into the truck, then leaned over to unlock the passenger side. After a false start, Castiel tumbled in and closed the door behind him.
Dean loaded Castiel’s arms up with groceries, then shut the trunk. He shook his head at him in mock disapproval.
He gathered the papers and walked up to the inn, hoping there’d be someone in there with answers. It was crowded inside, but quiet, and Dean had the absurd feeling that he’d interrupted a private moment that the two dozen or so patrons within had all been sharing. Some faces turned to gawk at him, but most had the good manners to watch him in sidelong glances. The air smelled of turnips that had been sitting on the fire all day and, below that, stale alcohol. Maybe the reason these villagers wanted all that honey was to make mead. Booze made people do crazy things; he knew that better than most.
“How dare you.” Castiel stepped away from the bar, his hand trembling at his side. “I don’t know why I hoped for anything better than this. Dean, Jack, let’s go upstairs.”
“Sam,” Castiel said. He was lingering in the doorway of the kitchen. “I’m not sure how long you wanted to visit for, but all my things are ready. Just tell me when you need to go.”
“If you think I’m hopeless at everyday things, wait until you see where I got it from.” Castiel stopped abruptly. “Here’s our bathroom. I shared it with Gabe growing up, until Luke moved out and the rest of us got our own.”
He opened his eyes to purple morning light on a rock ceiling. There was a cleft right down the middle of it, and Castiel followed it to the overhang, where a tree root dangled sheepishly over the rising sun. He stared at the bright sky, grateful and at peace.
“We just had our grand opening in February. I only moved to Winchester earlier this year. Bet you can’t tell by my voice.”
“I look at food pictures on Instagram to relax. Usually while sprawled on my couch, waiting for Grubhub to deliver, after a day of frying my brain with writing. I must have happened upon yours by chance, or maybe some regional or network algorithm, I don’t know. I never would have expected it to lead to—” he gestured to the three place settings around the dining table. “All this.”
Their chests squished together, and Dean rested his chin on Castiel’s shoulder. He heard him sniff again.
“Aye, sire,” said the man, still with some hesitation. “Cold blue eyes, like a clear winter morning. They’re the first thing you’ll notice about the beast, I’m sure of it. It’s like they can see straight into your soul.”
“Dean, I tell you every month to let me know if you need help. You think I do that just because I like hearing my own voice?”
Dean poured two cups of coffee and handed one to Kevin. Maybe he’d shut up once he had something else to occupy his mouth with.
“Put an extra spoonful in that one,” Dean said. He peered into the refrigerator to check the weight of the turkey. “Cass likes his coffee strong.”
“It’s too bad Eileen isn’t here,” Castiel said. “Though I suppose it’s only right that she’s with her family. Just like we are.”
“So, okay. That’s the first thing. Cleanliness. After that, I wanted to know how to make it not hurt. Because I don’t see how it won’t.”
“That’s more like it,” Dean said, reaching for more lasagna. “I was about to say, who are you and what’ve you done with my brother?”
“They got to have their hair cut in town. I was always jealous. I think my hair sticks up the way it does now because it’s still rebelling against my dad’s hair clipper.”
“Is this the part where you show me your pentagram and rack of torture instruments? I knew you were too good to be true.”
It was a short video; there was nothing complicated or special about granola. Dean didn’t know why people bought it prepackaged in the first place. Once it was out of the oven, Dean poured himself a glass of whiskey and went out to the deck to sit. It was fully dark now—the moon was new, so the stars were all there was.
“Isn’t that the truth?” Castiel surveyed his pile. “Darling, I want to open the one that goes with my last present. Which one is it?”
“I’m not staring,” Dean blurted. He stood, gathered their empty pizza boxes. “Mind your own business.”
“I’m saying you’re taller and more muscular.” Castiel blew his nose. “Yeah, I definitely drank too much. I can hardly remember anything that happened after we got home from the restaurant.”
He was so happy when Castiel kept going. Each kiss made him shiver—the wondering anticipation, the tender peck of Castiel’s lips somewhere on his head, the hair-stroking fadeaway. It was like Castiel was telling him over and over how much he liked him, how much he valued him. After a few of the kisses, the dark, jealous part of Dean’s brain wished that Meg would walk in right then and see them like that. She’d probably assume they were up to some gay shit, and Dean wouldn’t correct her. Maybe she’d get the hint that Castiel liked him more and finally leave them alone.
“Daylilies,” Dean said. “Everything from here on is edible flowers. I’m growing them to supply to restaurants in town.”
By now, your peppers should be cooler and ready to release their skins. Peel those off, then dice the peppers and add to the rest of the succotash. Pour in the dressing and mix gently; salt to taste. Just before serving, mix in the cilantro, reserving some to garnish the top.
He edged down more, letting up and gliding back to the top once he felt the tickling of his gag reflex. Maybe this was how he’d work on his possessiveness. Submit just a little. Let Castiel take control. Give him everything he wanted. Make him happy. Dean was sure he could make him happy.
“So,” Dean said. He and Castiel were at the grill, starting on the rest of the cooking; Sam had taken Eileen on a walk around the property. “She seems nice.”
“That’s Arcturus,” Castiel said. “The brightest star in the northern sky. Part of the constellation Boötes, the herdsman.”
Castiel reddened. He clinked Dean’s belt open, pulled down his jeans zipper. Dean used the toe of one of his boots to ease off the other.
“Hey, I can see why business is good,” Dean said. “I got in the door two minutes ago and you’re already hustling.”
“Hmm.” Castiel’s gaze roves up, then back down Dean’s naked body. “I’m going to fuck you now, Dean. I’m going to show you who you belong to.”
“Walnuts, hazelnuts, cherries, cranberries, sultanas. Coconut oil and maple syrup. Oats, of course. I hope those foods are safe for you. I don’t know much about what amphibians can and can’t eat.”
, by Camus.” He reached for his bookmark and lay the thin volume next to the lamp. “In the original French. Slightly less pretentious than reading Proust, but I guess I wanted to impress you.”
Castiel didn’t reply. With Dean’s cock stretching his lips and holding down his tongue, it wasn’t like he could, anyway. Instead, he focused on keeping his jaw slack and maintaining his breathing.
“This is what I mean about you treating me differently. If he were some rich Connecticut girl who went to Milton and Harvard, you wouldn’t bat an eyelid at the speed of things. How quickly did Luke and Jo get together?”
Dean swallowed, his eyes darting up and down and back and forth to study Castiel’s expression. There was a flicker of doubt there, but he wasn’t sure whether that was due to the decision itself or the anticipation of Dean’s reaction to it.
In Augusta, they drove by the capitol and Blaine House, and Castiel pointed out the headquarters of the Maine Democrats, where Kelly commuted to “two or three times a week.”
“Yeah?” Castiel’s eyes crinkled, but there was some doubt there just behind the gladness. He crossed his legs.
Dean had parked the Impala in line with the ridge, the driver’s side facing the neat rows of berries far below and the mount of Bunker Hill on the other side of the valley. Further southeast, nothing more than murmurs on the fading horizon, rose the steeples of downtown Winchester and the ripples of the Blue Ridge Mountains.
It was Thanksgiving morning, early enough that the sun was still stuck in the boughs of the oaks and pines. Dean filled his favorite mug from the carafe and stared out the window, mentally going through the list of tasks he had to knock down to get dinner on the table by five.
As he emerged from slumber, he realized blurrily that he was holding Dean. His arms were locked around the knight’s broad, brawny chest; their hips were pushed close together. Their bare legs were entangled, one of Castiel’s knees gently nudging between Dean’s thighs. Perhaps most mortifying of all, Castiel’s lips were all but resting on Dean’s nape, and the man’s thick, musky scent filled Castiel’s nostrils.
“You remember that Viognier you really liked on Thanksgiving? The Virginia one?” Dean scratched his head. “I got you an annual membership to the winery it’s from. It’s actually not too far from here. Little family place.”
Instead of pulling off, Dean clamped down, swallowing Castiel almost to the root. Castiel shook, jerked up feebly, and emptied down Dean’s throat. Dean gulped it all down, then squeezed Castiel’s shaft for the last few drops, licking those up too. He dropped his head to Castiel’s leg and sighed.
It was Monday morning, and Dean woke up early out of habit. He didn’t have to at this time of year; there was work to do, sure, but spring on the Winchester and Sons Organic Berry Farm was relatively mellow. Mowing, pruning, fertilizing, mulching, checking irrigation—it was all hard work, but nothing Dean couldn’t handle by sundown each day even if he snuck in a few extra winks of sleep. Maybe he just wanted to retain his bragging rights to only needing four hours.
Castiel hummed, cautious but hopeful. His glass tinkled. Dean finished washing the potatoes and turned around while drying his hands.
Dean shook his head as he finished chewing a bite of quiche. “Henry built the garage in 1981, and the worker housing’s even more recent than that. The old maps of the property show a few buildings that aren’t there anymore, but….” Dean shrugged. “One of the Winchesters before my time must’ve demolished them.”
“It’s not hard to beat spreadsheets and budgets.” Dean halted at the doorway to the dining room. “Wait. Crap, it’s not something with the wedding, is it? I thought the whole point of hiring Gail was that she’d be taking care of everything for us.”
“I know you can. I just….” Castiel sat up and took a deep breath. “Anyway, that got my day off to an irritating start. And then I had to go up to campus for my meeting with my supervisor not too long afterward.”
Castiel pauses, his hand hovering over Dean’s slumbering visage. He wavers. He wishes he didn’t have to do this part.
Castiel returned his laugh, then detached from him and started changing into pajamas. As much as Dean had appreciated all of Castiel’s gifts—the chrome gelato maker, the custom apron emblazoned with a black 1967 Chevrolet Impala, the food-themed novelty socks and boxers and pajamas, the portable fridge for Baby’s trunk—he knew there was only one right answer.
“Oh. Sure, if you like.” Dean looked back at the restaurant. “We don’t have to, though. I can fib something if he asks whether we talked.”
“Speaking of Dad,” Dean said, after a few seconds. “He called the other day. I keep forgetting to tell you. He’s taking Sam up to our Uncle Bobby’s for Thanksgiving.”
“Okay,” Dean said. He turned to Jack with a confused look and noticed that his fingers were tensed around the camera in his lap.
Within this canon, there are certain items of special relevance to the writing of fix-it fics post-finale.
“There’s another reason,” Castiel says, and Dean realizes how long it’s been since either of them spoke. He blinks the residual sleep out of his eyes.
“Oh, that’s normal. Folks from there always grumble about California people flooding in and snapping up property. It peaks in tourist season. There’re probably more out-of-state people there right now than locals.”
Eventually, Sam had grabbed the remote and accused Dean of not even watching the show. He’d teased Dean about his “crush” on Dr. Sexy. Dean just laughed along. It was better that Sam thought he was daydreaming about Dr. Sexy, as embarrassing as that was. Everyone knew that a straight male got one free actor or rock star or athlete as the “guy they’d go gay for” while still maintaining claim to heterosexuality. Obsessing over a random dad who came into your place of employment each week was a very different situation. Dean knew that.
“His name is Castiel. He’s a junior, Romance Studies major.” Sam gauged Dean’s reaction. “I met him through the tutoring program. He’s really nice. I wouldn’t have gotten an A in French last semester without his help.”
“Yes, he does. Jack, that sounds wonderful. I’m….” Castiel swallowed, and Dean touched his thigh under the tablecloth. “I’m happy we can spend so much time together.”
Castiel patted down his hair self-consciously, but it just sprang up again. He sipped his water, trying to calm his racing nerves.
“Besides,” Castiel said. “Here, we’re closer to the White House. I like to imagine Trump looking out the window and seeing our resolve.” As if to underline the point, he thrust his sign up from under the umbrella and joined the chanting.
“Alright. Well, it’s fine to go whatever speed you’re comfortable with. You don’t have to prove your dick’s bigger than anyone else.”
“It was probably harder for Cass,” Kelly said. “He was pretty messed up back then. Not with drugs or anything, just mentally.”
Forty minutes later, they were lying under the single sheet that served as the only top layer in midsummer, their backs against the headboard. Dean was holding Castiel close to his chest, using the faint moonlight to study the haircut he’d gotten in DC. On the bureau, the incense had burned itself down to its last embers, and the cicadas in the trees had finally gone dormant for the night.
Dean was pretty sure Castiel was just goading him now. Instead of replying, he reached back and spread his hole.
“I love your interesting factoids.” Dean pushed up from his seat and pressed a kiss to Castiel’s lips. “And I love you. And…I guess the song wasn’t too bad.”
Dean caught some of the secretions dripping from Castiel’s hectocotylus and brought his fingers to his ass, smearing the slick over his hole. Strangely, his lower body relaxed almost instantly.
Remove the pudding from the refrigerator and check the consistency. It should be thick and creamy. If it’s too thin, you can add an additional teaspoon or two of chia seeds and return it to the fridge for a half-hour or so.
“Hmm.” Castiel gathered that it was safe to look now, so he closed the book and got up from the couch. Mercifully, Dean was no longer nude from the waist down, though his hair was still damp and messy from being toweled off. That was more than enough to set Castiel’s heart off on another frenzied gallop.
“Thought I’d let you make that mistake on your own. Screwing up’s the best teacher you can have sometimes.”
He put so much force behind his statement that the stepladder wobbled. Meg reached out to steady it.
“I hope you don’t mind me inviting myself in,” Castiel said. “I know it’s a little rude, but I just wanted to clear up what happened back there. So, if you could just give me some sort of sign that I didn’t ruin everything…although, you don’t talk, so I don’t know what that would be.”
Dean filled a vase and snipped off the bottoms of the rose stems before thrusting them into the water. He put away the groceries in the refrigerator and pantry, then carried the reusable bag filled with cat food to the mudroom.
“Probably the computer’s fan starting up. I’m running some statistical analysis.” Castiel pushed back his chair and stood. “I’m sorry, Zachariah, but I can’t represent the department at this meeting. I have a guest staying at my house this week and I’ve already made plans with them for a couple hours from now.”
The creature looked down at his front as if to confirm that. He was definitely a different color than he’d been two days ago when Castiel first sighted him at the cemetery gate. He’d been hunter green then, vivid with chlorophyll, the color of ferns in May. Now he was a far more muted tone, almost a tarnished jade. The sun was high enough now that it couldn’t be a trick of the early light.
For a couple seconds, Dean walked with him. Then, he planted his feet, changing his mind. He cried out, flung his hand out at his glass. It flew into the hallway and shattered against the far wall. Crowley sprinted by in a blur.
Castiel brought his palm to Dean’s cheek, caressed his stubble. He breathed in, long and slow, his glance darting between Dean’s eyes and lips.
Dean’s penultimate stop was the frozen section, where he picked up two pizzas, a bag of mixed vegetables, and a couple of those ludicrously expensive pints of Swiss ice cream on the top shelf. He always left the dairy section for last since it was on the way from the freezers to the pick-up counter, and all he needed to get there was oat milk.
Dean woke up to the chiming of the grandfather clock next to the library door. He rubbed his bleary eyes and counted.
“See, you think you’re poking fun at me when you say that, but it’s really the highest compliment you could give.”
“I don’t need lessons on normal behavior from you,” Rafe shot back, without turning to him. “And you have to admit, it’s a funny coincidence. Being strictly into women until our brother came along.”
Outside, Dean rounded the deck and plucked up the herbs he needed as efficiently as possible. When he returned to the house, he avoided turning his gaze anywhere near the side of the deck where Castiel had laid out his mat. His neck and chest felt hot and tight, and he realized that he’d forgotten to drink any water.
“No, it’s really not. I promise. There’s even a saying in Spanish: ‘no son enchiladas.’ It basically just means that the thing in question isn’t as easy as enchiladas are. Which is, um, easy.”
“It can mean innumerable things. The entire spectrum of ideas, emotions.” Castiel averted his eyes. “Right now, it means pleasure.”
“Just these family photos. The ones your dad put up.” Castiel touched the corner of one of the frames and smiled. “My favorite’s the one of you riding your grandfather’s horse. You were such a handsome little guy.”
“Shut up. Weirdo.” Dean snorts affectionately into Castiel’s pristine white dress shirt. “This would all be so much more normal if all you wanted was to fuck me. Like that guy in the alley.”
There was the sound of water flushing through the upstairs pipes. Dean turned to Castiel and kissed him, cupping his ear with his pruny fingers.
“Yes. I just want to relax for a bit before dinner, that’s all.” Castiel turned to Jack. “Would you please put away everything we didn’t use?”
Dean tried not to drink on weekday nights, but he figured he deserved a few beers. It wasn’t just because he’d worked a full day in the fields and shot an entire recipe for the blog after that, though that would’ve been enough reason. It was also because the city was hosting the festival networking luncheon for local business owners tomorrow and he was obligated to go. He’d always been annoyed by the preening and posturing there; now that he had to attend alone, he dreaded it more acutely than ever.
“No, I’m—” Dean breathed. “I guess I’m just nervous about hosting so many people. It’s easier when it’s just you, me, and Sam. I’m kind of scared.”
Dean shook his head. “You shouldn’t compare us. That wasn’t your fault. You were scared. I was just a typical dumbass teenager.”
They talked about Dean’s work and his trip to the grocery store, where Jo had informed him that the Winchester and Sons jams and syrups were selling faster this year than ever before. Dean had attributed that to the company’s “new social media strategy,” which Castiel scoffed at.
that was not “Carry On,” and which diverges from it in any number of ways. To say that “Carry On” is the only possible ending for
Dean shook his head. “No, Purgatory. When we were getting the Leviathan blossom. I thought I’d lost him.”
It was small and warm inside; the air smelled of cinnamon, sweet cream, and baked apples. Oldies played from the radio above the counter, but Dean didn’t see anyone behind it.
“You too?” Castiel tilted his head. “Hmm, I don’t think that’s a good idea. It’s a big tub, but it wouldn’t be comfortable for two people standing. Water would get everywhere.”
He scurried around the house, checking that every door and window was secured. He considered barricading the front door with the Hoosier cabinet—an antique that his mother had insisted on because, according to her, the kitchen didn’t have enough storage space—but decided to watch and wait. The creature hadn’t chased him, so it probably didn’t even know where he lived. Hopefully.
This would all have been so much easier if Kelly were still alive. Neither of them had planned on having Jack, and Castiel had realized he was definitely gay, not bisexual, while their baby boy was still in her womb, but they’d been a happy, if unconventional, family unit for almost a decade. Until the accident.
After lunch, he broke out the hand-cranked ice cream maker and made strawberry ice cream. That and the task of cleaning the whole house helped in discharging some of his anxious energy. Castiel wrote him just after four to say that he’d arrived back at Washington National, and Dean replied with a picture of Crowley looking out the French doors at the rain.
“Dean, no. Don’t apologize. I didn’t—I don’t think you’re gay. And even if you were, that’d be, um, perfectly fine with me.”
Dean moved down a little more, enough to take a couple inches of the shaft in his mouth, and paused to breathe. Maybe get used to the feeling of having a dick in his mouth. The heavy heat of it; how it thrummed in delayed time with Castiel’s galloping heartbeat. The taste: that hippie body wash Castiel used, peppermint Dr. Bronner’s, and his musk underneath that, salty and just a little sweet. All Castiel. All his.
“What do you want to hear about? Like I said, it touches on everything, so I can read a passage that relates to any subject you can think of.”
It turned out that he needn’t have worried. By the time Dean had finished the three cocktails, the rest of the Shurleys had filtered in, including Castiel and Jack. Castiel joined Dean behind the bar and rubbed his back, which Jack watched with thinly veiled amusement from one of the barstools.
He stopped moving for a second, and at first Castiel thought he was contemplating his words. Then, Castiel looked around and saw that they’d arrived at the graveyard. It looked completely different from the opposite end.
They both turned to the faint patter of footsteps in the front hall. Castiel leaned around the doorframe, squinting.
Before juicing the lemons, run your vegetable peeler or paring knife over them to create your lemon twists (if you're lucky enough to own a kitchen/bar cart well-stocked enough to include a channel knife, I'm sure I don't have to tell you that's another option). Slice the strawberry in half lengthwise, then notch a lengthwise slit part of the way up each half, starting at the bottom point.
“No.” Castiel frowns at him. All of a sudden, he looks very angry, but his body language makes it clear that it’s not at Dean.
They crossed the street, walking over the promenade’s crimson carpet of eastern redbud blossoms until they reached the Winchester and Sons stall. Charlie and Kevin stared up in rapt interest.
For entirely different reasons, Dean had the same reaction. Castiel’s towel was wrapped low around his hips, revealing the sharp points of his hipbones and the grooves of his Apollo’s belt, and the smooth olive skin of his torso glistened from the shower. His hair was askew, still not settled after being rubbed dry; his electric-blue eyes widened in concern as they roved down Dean’s body. The longer they lived together, the harder it was for Dean to not openly check him out. The only silver lining of coming home with one of his eyes swollen near-shut, he supposed, was that it was harder for Castiel to tell he was doing that.
“Oh, Michael just wants to confirm if Thursday works. I gave him a choice between a couple days that Jack could be there, and he said that would be the best.”
“This is the first good turn of fortune the Northern Kingdoms have had since…well, since your disappearance. If only your father were alive to welcome you home.”
For a while, they didn’t speak much. Castiel was occupied with protesting, Dean with sheltering them from the rain and observing everything around him. In practical terms, his attention was hardly evenly divided. He spent about 10% of his time glancing around at the crowd and the White House and devoted the rest to watching Castiel.
“I’ll try to get up a little earlier,” Castiel said, once Dean was home from the farm the following afternoon. It was Sunday, and Dean’s shortened workday meant that the stars had finally aligned for them to do yoga together.
“Uh, hey guys.” Dean waved to the camera. “I hope you’re in the mood for cheesy pasta, because that’s what’s on the menu tonight.”
Dean grinned. “Yeah, our great-granddad built this greenhouse in the twenties. Part of the process of remodeling and adding to the original building.”
Castiel nodded against Dean’s arm, pulled at his shoulder. Dean eased down into his embrace, laying his cheek on Castiel’s chest.
Dean stirred the glasses until the water, whiskey, and honey were blended. He perched the lemon wedges on the rims and walked across to the living room.
Castiel blinked at his phone. He didn’t really like option one, because that would involve hurting Dean. He’d have to be cold to him, and Dean hated that.
“Unhand me,” Castiel growled, his voice going even lower than normal. “Have you forgotten yourself?”
Castiel reached the arm of the couch; he held out his hand. Dean rolled his eyes and downed the rest of his drink.
“Lawrence, probably not. It’s a college town. Maybe if I took you out to my granddad’s property in Lebanon, out in the middle of bumfuck nowhere.”
“What? I mean, no, not a problem. Not a problem at all.” Dean put down his glass and adjusted a little on the couch cushions, trying to process this new information. “I just figured—since you have Jack, you know. I didn’t think—were you and Kelly….”
The entrance to the state park was only a couple miles from the bridge, not too far past Kelly’s parents’ house. When Dean and Castiel pulled into the parking lot, Kelly and Jack were standing at the trunk of her SUV, checking the straps on their backpacks.
Dean eased another tortilla into the oil. He quirked an eyebrow at Castiel when he noticed him watching him.
On Tuesday morning, Dean was true to his word. He rose before dawn, started his coffee, pulled on his work jeans and flannel shirt. He had his oatmeal and fried egg and drove down to the fields, where some of the workers were already gathered, huddling together with their thermoses of coffee and tea.
Castiel threw a disdainful glance at the almanac. Dean had felt bad about leaving his prince with such meager reading material, but weather forecasts seemed to be the only variety of printed word that the people here were interested in.
“Nah. I want to avoid going bigger for as long as I can. You really lose the soul of a farm that way.”
Dean…well, he wasn’t a good singer. But that didn’t matter, of course. Castiel smiled like a fool the entire way to the Burlington waterfront, where Dean glided the Impala into one of the spaces at the end with extra room.
Dean made his way to them, stepping carefully in the mossy cracks in the ancient rock so he wouldn’t squash the wildflowers. Castiel and Jack were sitting with their legs stretched forward on a broad ledge that jutted out in the direction of the ocean, and Dean’s breath caught when he took in the view. It was Camden below—the lazy traffic in the streets, the boats in the harbor, the shiny white church steeples.
Dean nodded to all of it. The king bed, with its crisp white sheets and overflowing mound of pillows at the headboard, already looked so inviting. It was the kind of bed kids jumped up and down on in movies.
Castiel chuckled. “If all you want to do is drink and fuck, why does it matter if I know my way around?”
“Family photos,” Dean said. “That’s me and Dad working on a car at my uncle Bobby’s place in South Dakota. Me and Sam sleeping in the back seat of the Impala; I think I was like 11 there. Me riding one of Henry’s horses—I’m smiling, but that’s literally right before I fell off.”
“And as much as I’d love to stick around, I’ve got a rehearsal to get to.” Mildred beeped her car open. “I tell you, I don't know who the lucky lady is, but I am damn sure jealous.”
Castiel turned to leave. Dean watched him for a few steps, his lip quivering with dozens of words that all wanted to come out at the same time.
“I’m serious, Cass.” Dean crept under the covers and rubbed his back. “The weather will probably be clear by tomorrow, so I’ll be gone when you wake up. And I don’t come back for lunch much during picking season, so you might not see me until dinner.”
“What about after?” Dean sucked in as much air as he could and still felt like he wasn’t getting enough oxygen.
“And….” Castiel pulled out to his fingernails, then plunged back in with one smooth slide. “I’m yours, Dean.”
“No, no,” Dean said quickly. “Just—just give me a minute. They said you’ve got to let your body adjust before you start taking more.”
“Do you want to stay for dinner, Dean?” Castiel smiled at them. “It’s nothing special. I’m just throwing some vegetables in with a jar of pasta sauce. You’re welcome to join us, though.”
This was wrong in about seven different ways. And it was definitely due to some kind of bizarre combination of delayed gratification from the porno, him not getting laid since late July, and him finally figuring out just how much Castiel needed his protection.
“What’s your verdict?” Castiel said. He’d only had this blend twice before—once at a disastrous family dinner with all his siblings present, the other time when he’d stayed a weekend at Gabe’s over the summer and let slip that he maybe, possibly had a thing for his soon-to-be roommate. Gabe had been unbearable after that.
He waited for a reply for several minutes, then began collecting the ingredients while he waited. Even if Castiel said no, he could use them for other things.
The sensory memories of last night surged to Castiel’s front of mind, and he felt heat prickling on his face. He hastily swiped a napkin over his lips.
“That’s not your problem,” Castiel said. He could already feel his hackles rising. He didn’t understand how a man like Dean’s father had produced a son like him.
Mick let out a peal of laughter. His shoulders seemed to loosen and relax as he reached for a stack of binders on the table between them.
Castiel checked his watch. It was, in fact, 2:01, which meant both that Dean’s show had just started and that he had exactly 29 minutes to get to Mysticism in Islam. Meg had said she’d be quick.
“I think not.” A narrow portal opened up underneath them, and Castiel thought he recognized familiar sheets. “A smelly ape was never part of the deal I made.”
Castiel rubbed his eyes and started putting away the few remaining groceries that were still scattered about the kitchen island. He walked the final item, a bottle of citronella oil, to the wall of eight-foot-high glass doors that opened from the living room out to the deck, serving as the house’s visual centerpiece.
“I love you.” He paused dramatically. “Because you’ll stand in front of a crowd and tell them all the reasons you love me.”
Rain was in the forecast, so he moved the mulch in the back of the truck into the garage. He checked the water levels in the catchments and brought in the laundry on the clothesline. Crowley watched him as he did the folding.
The lightning crackled again, igniting every hard line of Castiel’s torso. Thunder shook the house’s roof only a second later.
Castiel took the remote from Dean and turned off the TV. He patted Dean’s rear in the direction of the door.
It was humiliating for about a dozen reasons, but hot, ragged jealousy bloomed in Dean’s chest and along the back of his neck at these words. It flared down and up and out as he reread them over and over.
Dean rolls half-upright, dives into the bed. There’s only one, and Dean feels bad about sprawling across the entire thing while Castiel’s sitting in a chair in the corner, looking stiff and uncomfortable.
Castiel, though—he wasn’t just amused by annoyed, French-speaking Castiel. He also felt the kind of greedy, heedless attraction that had gotten him into trouble with so many women in the past. Another of his bad habits.
“Yeah.” Dean scratched his cheek. “Um, I was actually thinking of taking the day off tomorrow. Could show you around the farm. Then we could maybe go into town. Grab lunch or something.”
“Oh, I don’t know.” He was in a lunging twist now, which meant that he had to answer while facing the opposite direction. “About six hundred words in one of the case studies, but then I discovered some parts of the methodology section that I had to strip out because of inadequate data. So I’m probably just treading water so far in terms of total length.”
Castiel climbed onto the futon, wriggling back into the gap beside Dean’s body. Dean pulled the duvet over them.
Dean grabbed hold of the shaft and squeezed gently. It was hard and hot and throbbed with unbelievable rapidity. It was thicker than his own cock and only grew wider towards the end, where it terminated in a clublike tip. Upon Dean’s touch, the sheath at the end peeled back slowly, revealing a bright red, sticky-looking head that oozed clear fluid.
“Yeah, that.” Sam pulled on the parking brake. “Although, I guess since you put the recipe up on your blog, I could make them for myself now.”
“Uh, no, sorry. It’s passed out of the night sky by this time of year. But we can look for it once it comes back.”
Castiel sliced into his waffle. He still wasn’t hungry, but maybe if he finished what was on his tray quickly, he’d be able to get out of here and away from Meg’s withering gaze sooner rather than later.
“Perfect.” Castiel smeared the head of his cock over Dean’s lips, and Dean flicked out his tongue to catch the beads of precome that dribbled out. “You’re perfect, Dean.”
“Just so you know, I didn’t—I mean, I didn’t think you meant it that way. Don’t worry. But I’m just telling you for future reference. So you don’t use it on the wrong person.”
“Nice to see your enthusiasm matches mine.” Castiel cleared his throat. “Michael’s the eldest. He’s ten years older than me. He’s the executive vice president for strategy at the Sword Corporation, a privately held defense contractor that specializes in aeronautics. As the oldest, he also handles most family stuff—scheduling, financial interests, things like that.”
Dean shook his head, licked his lips. Finally, he spun around, colliding with Castiel’s chest. Or, at least, that’s what should have happened. Instead, he phased through him before whipping back to Sam.
“Actually—” Castiel looked down at the carpet. “If you’d stayed and eavesdropped a while longer, you would’ve heard the rest of what he said. He can’t overrule Bartholomew, but he’s offering to give you the money from his own accounts. I’ll pay him back in a couple years.”
Castiel stopped at the passenger door and turned to him. Dean couldn’t gauge his expression behind his sunglasses.
“Yes. Chuck seems to have abandoned our world completely, so Jack’s the closest thing we have to a ‘God’ now. It took him a while to figure out how to undo Chuck’s writing, and he was only able to reset it to the day you and Sam went to that barn, but….” Castiel turned up his palms. “Well, here I am.”
Dean scrambled up, and Castiel opened his eyes when he heard him trip on the rug somehow and bang his shin against the coffee table. He reached a hand to Dean’s hip to steady him.
Dean blinked, feeling a flush on his cheeks and neck. He and Castiel had never officially come out on their channel, though they’d made the decision a couple weeks after their near-kiss over the chia pudding to no longer actively attempt to cover anything up. That had made the entire process of filming recipes less racked with tension than before, with easy flirting and gentle touches their new equilibrium.
**If you can’t find vegetarian añejo (this one’s even harder to get your hands on than asadero), you can substitute vegetarian Parmesan.
The rest of the walk to the restaurant was taken up by more of Castiel’s lessons in politics, culture, and geography. (“That’s the Securities and Exchange Commission building, where they regulate the masters of the universe. In theory.” “We meet at that coffeehouse a lot. That aphorism about socialism taking up too many evenings? 100% true.”) Dean didn’t talk much. He just listened and smiled, feeling the sun on his face.
“I’d say so,” Dean said. “Okay, so the last thing we do is pour the remaining sauce over the enchiladas, then top with the grated cheese I put aside earlier. Go ahead.”
“Uh, well, this holiday’s all about being thankful, so I want to thank you all for spending it with me. I know it’s kind of a long trip down here for some of you.”
“You’re not hopeless, Dean. I don’t know why you see yourself that way. Just now, you talked about your feelings with complete honesty. Without me even asking. The Dean I met orientation week never would’ve done that.”
“Uh. I don’t know, maybe it seems that way to you. But I’ve changed so much about this place in the last year that I doubt Dad would even recognize it.”
Dean carried the picnic basket to the sideboard in the entryway, then walked to the staircase. When he arrived, Castiel had just alighted on the last step, and Dean had to angle his head up to kiss him.
“Oh, I don’t mind.” Castiel gazed down the length of Dean’s body again, slower this time. “You’re not exactly a chore to look at. Nice
Dean made the tapenades and duxelles while Castiel and Jack prepared the dining room. When they finished, Castiel took Jack with him to the cellar for help with carrying back some bottles of wine. Only a minute after they disappeared down the hallway, a gaggle of Shurleys arrived. The first person to appear in the kitchen was Rafe.
“Um.” Castiel drummed his fingertips over Dean’s nape. “Let me know if I’m pressing too hard. Or not hard enough.”
She shrugged. “You didn’t seem like the sort who’d care about that. Your companion, on the other hand….”
“We could only listen to the records in the house. Which tended to be quite old. The only time I listened to contemporary music was at school, or when I visited friends.”
“Embarrassing,” Dean muttered, as he pulsed the bread in the food processor. Their exchange earlier was replaying in his mind. Dean still wasn’t sure whether Castiel, when he’d made the comment about water, had been toying with him or had been genuinely concerned.
Castiel shrugged. “I don’t know. Is it everyone? It was just Garth. And I guess people online who don’t know us.”
entertainment.” Castiel sighed. “Just—try not to engage him. There’s nothing he loves more than a reaction.”
“No, I’m laughing at Sam, not you. Thing is, we’re close. He’s always looking for ways to get into my business and just generally be annoying. Did you know I started talking to you on Instagram because he said I should?”
Dean picked up his empty plate and walked back to the house. “Fuck off, Sammy. Don’t try to paint me as some kind of bigoted asshole.”
“Huh,” Dean replied. He wanted to blurt out a dozen far more cutting things, but it wouldn’t be good for them to get into a fight while he was on the phone at work.
When Dean got home, he was still in a daze, still unable to process what had happened. Gray mold was ubiquitous; only the most wet-behind-the-ears fruit farmers had never had their hopes dashed by it. Really, Winchester and Sons had been lucky over the years to have escaped a large outbreak of gray mold. Not only did organic farming mean less fungicidal spraying, but heirloom berries were more vulnerable in other ways—for instance, their atypical sizes and growth habits meant that even experienced pickers sometimes injured the plants during a harvest, creating pathways for the fungus to invade its host.
“Whatever it is,” Castiel began. “You should just tell me. You’re clearly stressed. It’ll come through on camera.”
Dean pulled on his sneakers; Castiel hovered a few feet away. They walked out onto the front porch. The clearing was almost completely shadowed now by the trees, though a few warm slivers of the sunset filtered in from the lake. The crickets hummed softly in the sweet-smelling grass.
Dean eased himself flat on the bed, slipped his arm under Castiel’s waist. With a long exhale, Castiel turned onto his side and relaxed into Dean, letting him hold him.
Dean hadn’t been exaggerating; after only a couple pumps, he exploded over Castiel’s chest. His ass clenched and pulsed around Castiel’s cock in time with his orgasm, and that was it. Before Castiel could even tell Dean what was happening, he was spilling deep inside him, thrusting his hips up involuntarily. Dean wailed as the last inch filled him.
Was that how girls felt when guys were hugging them? All safe and taken care of and protected? Damn, Meg was lucky.
Castiel’s eyes flick up at him. There’s just a trace of ice-blue light there, only visible because of the forest’s perfect darkness. They can’t have a fire at night because of the monsters.
“I’ll make it,” Naomi said, appearing in the passage between the kitchen and breakfast nook. “I didn’t know when you’d be down.”
“You know what I mean. The farm. Winchester and Sons.” Dean fumbled his phone, but caught it before it fell to the hardwood.
Dean obliged him, smoothing back Castiel’s hair before he fitted the rose into the space between his temple and earlobe. He had to lean in to do so, and he found his hand unconsciously drifting down along the side of Castiel’s neck; found himself, a moment later, unconsciously seeking Castiel’s lips with his own. They were millimeters from kissing when Castiel stepped away, his eyes wide.
Dean finished his plate, heated up another half-serving, and finished eating on one of the stools around the kitchen island. He started the dishwasher, wiped down the counters, and made himself a cup of after-dinner mint tea. Crowley strolled past him to the pantry as he waited for the water to boil.
Dean shrugged. “Once he started depositing dead mice in my bed in the middle of the night, I decided all the bedrooms are off-limits. He knows the rules. Probably thought you didn’t, though.”
“You don’t say,” Castiel said dryly. He threw Dean a withering glance before returning his gaze to his computer.
“I see.” Castiel smiled tightly. “Well, good luck with that. I better get dressed. Need to get started on the research.”
“He probably fell down the Occitan rabbit hole just like I did.” Sam rubbed his neck. “Damn, I wonder how long he’ll take. Even if we find another angel feather, we can’t do the spell without him holding up the other side of the skyphos.”
“Yes,” Castiel said, though he still looked troubled. “Shall we go to the stables now, darling? I could use a distraction.”
“I thought you might have been embarrassed by your behavior,” Castiel said, enunciating every syllable with frosty precision. “And, more importantly, mine. That you’d want to forget it. I guess I assumed wrong.”
“Because he’d forced the villagers to strip the forest bare of all its hives,” Dean said. “And now the land is ruined. Ignorant, capricious beast.”
“Nothing. Well, not nothing. I did accounts and purchasing for the farm. Worked on the food blog a bit. Repaired the leaky faucet in the downstairs bathroom.”
Dean slapped his forehead with his palm, hard. His vision swayed. What kind of dumbass said that to his employer on his first day?
He raised his eyes to Castiel, who only shrugged enigmatically. Dean walked to the utility drawer for a pair of scissors.
Castiel offered him a look of commiseration. They started on their food, Dean pointing out that the bacon was vegetarian and revealing in great detail how much of a personal sacrifice that was for him. For Castiel’s sake, he pretended to enjoy it more than he did.
“I wish I’d had the courage to tell you sooner,” Castiel was saying. Thankfully, his face was buried in the crook of his arm, so he couldn’t see Dean’s inappropriate reaction. “Only a couple people know. I should’ve told you last year. You deserved to know before you decided to live with me.”
“I told you he’d love it,” Castiel said, once Chuck had finished praising their resourcefulness in completing his collection. “You and he could really bond over your dad’s record collection.”
“Hello.” Castiel waved, modulating his voice into as much evenness as he could manage. “It’s nice to meet you.”
“And after that—” Dean brought the bottle of root beer to his lips. “Who knows what I’d try after that.”
“Like I said, I do the best I can. It’s hard without Kelly—” Castiel stopped himself. “I shouldn’t complain.”
They held each other’s eyes as they drank. Dean took a huge first sip and licked the red from his kiss-stung lips.
The apartment was warm when Dean woke up. He and Sam usually kept the thermostat pretty low in the winter, just to save money, but having a guest was different. Castiel didn’t need to know that the two of them were barely making rent and bills and food each month and that Dean was picking up more and more extra shifts so Sam could focus on school.
“You look younger.” Chuck handed him his drink. “Then again, when you get to my age, everyone looks younger.”
More perversely, the thought of Dean surrendering to a dragon—welcoming him in, even, as he was penetrated—drove Castiel mad with lust. If Dean wanted to hate dragons, Castiel could give him a reason to. He’d stare into his eyes as he conquered him, splitting him apart on a dragon’s cock, revealing the truth in a broken whisper on Dean’s lips while he spilled his seed deep within the man’s body.
“The point isn’t our orientation,” Castiel said finally. “The point is that we wanted to be open about what’s going on. Dean and I, we’ve had our share of misunderstandings—”
“Scrolling Twitter always annoys you.” Dean stretched backwards, fondling Castiel’s arms as he went. “Maybe we should have a ‘no Twitter in bed’ rule.”
Castiel’s eyes, dark and hungry, roved down Dean’s body. Gently, he set Dean down on the edge of the map table again. One of Dean’s arms flailed back, knocking away every coaster and candy wrapper in its wake.
The waiter smiled faintly as she walked away, and Dean sipped his water until she was out of earshot.
Dean still wasn’t looking down, but he was absolutely sure that Meg was rolling her eyes in the silence that followed.
Anna left late on Sunday, lingering until one in the afternoon. As much as Castiel loved his sister, and as grateful as he was to her for letting him and his son stay at her lake house for the summer, he was relieved to see her finally driving away, her rear tires kicking up the gravel and dust of Heaven Ranch Road. He’d asked Dean to show up at two, which meant that he had less than an hour to get the house as presentable as possible.
“Sorry.” Castiel stirred the wok. “Wait, I just remembered. Did you talk to Charlie and Kevin about moving game night this week?”
Dean tried to control his eyebrows as they toasted. He hadn’t anticipated that. From the things Castiel had told him, not to mention the things he’d overheard, he’d expected Chuck to accept their relationship with resignation. Celebrating it was another thing entirely, and Dean wondered whether he’d walked into a test. Or a trap.
“Do you like being filled with my grace at both ends?” Castiel punctuates his question with a vicious snap of his hips. “You just can’t get enough, can you?”
In part because of his fatigue, their FaceTime conversations stayed exactly that. Well, fatigue and Castiel’s deft way of turning back all attempts by Dean to draw him into anything beyond innuendo. He hadn’t been joking about his Luddite streak when it came to dating. He’d tease and banter, not to mention undress in front of the camera, but immediately put a lid on things whenever Dean started getting too frisky. He didn’t even crack a smile at a “send nudes” pun Dean made.
In one fluid motion, the creature scooped Castiel up and held him against his chest, one arm behind his shoulder blades and the other beneath his knees. He pivoted and continued up the hill.
On the cantilever bridge, the Impala’s headlights glimmered in the thin mist that floated up from the water. A moon like tarnished silver drenched the waves below, lighting a long, indistinct path to the eastern horizon.
Ah. He was self-conscious about his body—something that hadn’t shaken loose before, since it had only been family at the house up to this point. Body image difficulties were becoming more prevalent among teenage boys. That was what the parenting guides said, anyway.
Instead of Charlie, it was Kevin who turned up at the farm in the afternoon to hand off the delivery truck keys to Dean. He came through to the kitchen when Dean convinced him to at least stay for a cup of coffee.
“Dean, I want our first time together to be on our own terms. Private. Perfect. Memorable for the right reasons.” Castiel glared at the void. “Not—not a performance for a cosmic entity that hates us.”
Castiel grunted in resignation. He tossed the dirty laundry back into the suitcase and collapsed onto his bed.
“I was curious, so I read up on it,” Dean admitted. “And I’ve done it on women. It can’t be that different.”
Dean was still scrutinizing himself in the bathroom mirror, tugging at little pieces of his hair with his damp fingers, when Castiel rang the doorbell at four sharp.
“Well, you have my number. Feel free to text me. Jack and I are home most days. Otherwise, I’ll see you on Friday. Maybe we can set something up then if we haven’t already.”
“Are you sneaking vitamins into my dessert?” Castiel shrugged to the camera. “He’s always trying to get me to eat better.”
“Ah. Actually, perhaps I’m making too many assumptions. I don’t even know if you partner up the same way we do. How do courtship and mating work for you, anyway?”
“Yeah, it’s…great.” Dean scratched his head. “Maybe we won’t use this one for our Christmas cards, though. I look like Shaggy right after he sees the bad guy for the first time.”
“And you can use it too, if you like.” Castiel slipped from his stool, kissing Dean’s neck as he walked around him to the sink. “You don’t even have to ask first.”
“Just a minute,” Sam said. He checked something onscreen, then took a long sip of mulled wine before counting Dean down.
“Not mine. But it’s similar. Same fit, same brand. Not the exact same make and model, since mine’s from 15 years ago, but….” Dean shrugged as Jack slipped it on. “Close enough.”
“Cass says he’s sorry.” Sam reluctantly closed out of his all but blank document and brought up his browser. “Let’s figure out what’s going on here. I’m already sick of passing notes for you guys.”
“No, that’s the thing I was researching. How to make it hurt less. And how to maybe turn some of that pain into pleasure.”
“Huh.” The next light flicked to yellow, and Dean eased into the brake pedal. “Anywhere else you want to stop?”
Castiel broke off. They were scaling the stairway to the second floor, and the thudding bass of a party in the first suite on the right grew louder with every step.
“Besides, the biggest present under the tree was Crowley’s.” Dean nodded to the new cat tower in the corner of the living room. “We unwrapped it for him yesterday.”
Dean pulled him in by the waist as they walked the gently sloping hill down from the chapel, the autumn leaves skating along the grass as if matching their stride. A gaggle of girls, giggling and stumbling and wearing alarmingly little given the temperature, crossed paths with them at the crossroads leading back to the student union. Dean took his arm back from Castiel and moved a few gradual inches away. They walked separately the rest of the way to Bunker Hall.
Castiel tilted his head. “Passenger aircraft are the safest mode of transportation. The car we’re in is a deathtrap by comparison.”
“Good for her.” Dean rolled his eyes. “Easy to have a great time when you swoop in and monopolize the birthday boy.”
“Do all three of us really need to be here?” Charlie said, once the sun had peeked out tentatively from the clouds and people were trickling onto the boulevard.
“Would I have to start saying ‘hella’ before everything?” Dean grinned up at him. “Just need to know if I should start practicing now to fit in.”
Dean threw one of his legs over Castiel, tangling them together. He drew long breaths along the expanse of Castiel’s skin.
have a good day.” His elbow knocked against the door of the linen closet, and the clatter resonated up and down the hallway. “With your writing and—and all that stuff.”
That Friday, Dean left the keys to the delivery truck with Charlie, and he and Castiel drove to Dulles to pick up Jack. They waited in the cell phone lot for Jack’s text, watching the planes come and go through the afternoon haze.
“That’s true. Feel free to send any complaints his way.” Dean picked up the plate of asparagus. “So, we’re making a couple different things tonight. As you can see, we’ve got some handsome-looking asparagus spears here. Depending on where you are in the world, it might be asparagus season where you are, too.”
Castiel grunts in agreement. “The Rain Song” is on the jukebox now, and it’s like he’s somewhere else entirely for a few seconds.
“I don’t want to say we’re only friends, is what I mean. I want people to know. I want your family to know.” Dean caressed Castiel’s cheek. “If that’s what you want.”
“And that’s all you’re getting. I don’t want to hear any complaining tomorrow when we get you up for breakfast, either. 10 a.m.”
Home. He had someone waiting for him when he got home. Sure, he was just a friend, not to mention a salamander man, but it still felt nice.
Dean kissed Castiel’s cheek while Sam tossed the duffel bag into the trunk. “You can order pancakes, then.”
Dean wiped the back of his hand over his face. “No, I think my eyes are just…kind of tired. Hard to get a good night’s sleep on a futon.”
Dean rolls his half-shut eyes. “Okay, sure. If I somehow find the money, I’ll take my little brother to the children’s museum. Just for you.”
“Who told you to stop?” Dean spread his legs wider and beckoned Castiel in with both hands. “I didn’t tell you to.”
“Got them,” Castiel said. He indicated the condiments that he was laying in the center of the table, next to the whole wheat hot dog buns. “I have two types of mustard. Brown and yellow.”
“Morning, Cass,” Sam said. “I started a new pot a few minutes ago, so it should be done any minute now.”
Dean burst out laughing. He devoted the next hour to spot cleaning little things he’d missed and scrolling agitatedly through Instagram. He googled “love is patient love is kind” and read a few lines from the top result before closing the tab, thinking it’d be better to hear the rest of it for the first time from Castiel’s lips.
They’d only moved a few paces when another sound came from the same location. This time, it sounded uncannily like a human groan.
“Uh, some of the guys suggested I get a dildo to use on myself, or for you to use on me, just to get me used to the feeling. They said to go for a ‘starter dick.’”
“And if they do, I guess I’ll just ask for forgiveness. Give them a little of the pouty lip action. Hand through my hair, maybe. A few well-placed blinks.”
“You say that as if twelve years mean anything to me. I’ve waited for you since the dawn of creation, Dean.” He grabbed at Dean’s belt with both hands. “It was worth every century.”
“Come here.” Castiel tapped the console, and it vanished into the floor. He held out one of his shotgun-tentacles.
Dean had seen the look on Castiel’s face countless times before—from diner waitresses, motel clerks, teachers, school counselors. It always made him grit his teeth.
The thing was, he really had struggled with the decision to bring Jack with him. He’d considered a sleepaway camp or summer school, but if anything, those would’ve provoked even more of his son’s resentment. Their relatives were far too busy to host him for two and a half months—not to mention unsuited to the task, in more than a few cases. And Jack was in no way old enough to spend the entire summer at home by himself, whether someone was checking on him or not. Castiel didn’t even like leaving him alone without a babysitter for more than a couple hours.
Castiel rolled his eyes. “Porn isn’t real life, Dean. No one gets ‘converted.’” He turned to the bathroom mirror and looked down their shared reflection, then up into Dean’s eyes. “Pushing on an open door, on the other hand? Well, I’ve always thought almost everyone’s at least a little bi.”
“You know, this is the longest we’ve been apart in two months. I might just have some pent-up energy I can spare for that.”
He stuttered to a stop deep within Dean and breathed. The dingy yellow lights of the war room receded into the background as Castiel’s wings flared out, corporeal and resplendent. They reached to either hallway, shimmering with brilliant iridescence, and fluffed up when Dean reached out to touch them.
“Dean comes from a tall family. His brother would bang his head against a lot of the doorways on this side of the house.”
Castiel nodded. Dean looked so pretty right now, his skin like miles of gold in the lamplight, his proud cock shiny with Castiel’s spit. Castiel ran his hands up Dean’s sides, notching his fingertips in his bottommost rib. He gazed up at him, this man he loved, with adoration. Dean was staring back at him, but his expression was inscrutable in the shadows up there.
“Ugh.” Castiel flipped onto his side. “Well, I woke up to some drama in the group chat. That’s how my day started off.”
“What the hell are you doing home?” Dean held him by the small of the back as they kissed. “I thought—”
“I’m not, Cass. Come on. I talk about you all the time on my blog. We do videos together every couple days. You’ve met my family, my friends. Ashamed? What the hell are you talking about, man?”
As it turned out, the lube section of Angels & Demons was right at the front, which Castiel supposed made sense for the closest thing a sex shop had to a staple product. He picked out an organic one in a beige and bright green tube; Dean grabbed the largest size of a strawberry-flavored one.
“Other internet cooks usually have their first cookbook announced by now. That woman in the Hudson River Valley with the three cats just posted that her cookbook’s coming out in time for next holiday season.”
“Cass,” Dean said, once the thin tentacle had laid the belt with the rest of Dean’s clothing. “Before we go any further, I need to tell you something.”
“It’ll be better once we have lube. Everyone who commented said it’s important. I have mine in my bottom drawer, but it’s almost gone. And I don’t know if it’s as good for butt stuff as it is for jacking off.”
“I…happened to be wandering by, and I saw you were in need of assistance.” He fidgets on the cracked-vinyl upholstery.
“Mildred,” she corrected. “Oh my, you look just as woebegone as the last afternoon we saw each other. And we’re not trapped in one of those stuffy business luncheons this time.”
“I—” Castiel opened his eyes again. “I just realized. I told you my name, but I don’t know what to call you.”
“You…said I was holding onto you.” Castiel looked away, pretending bashfulness. “I must have made you uncomfortable.”
Now and then, Castiel shared headlines that he thought Dean might be interested in. He didn’t want his new friend to think he was ignoring him. Dean never evinced a reaction beyond a polite nod, but Castiel supposed that made sense. Why would salamander men care about human society? They had their own culture and politics and history, all of which were of far more relevance to them than the upcoming midterm elections.
“We could drive around Providence tomorrow,” Castiel said, while they were waiting for their food. “We’ll have to go to the main island, anyway, since Dad’s birthday’s at PIHOP.”
Dean finished chewing, wiped his mouth with his napkin, sipped his water. He brought up FaceTime and pressed the call button.
Dean nodded and grunted agreeably. He was still standing in the middle of Castiel’s bedroom, adjusting the collar of his bathrobe and tying it shut. Castiel stopped just inside the doorway and turned on the light for him. With perhaps less surprise than he should have felt, Castiel realized that he liked the way his bedroom looked with Dean dressing himself in front of the mirror. Almost like they were a couple who’d woken up together and were getting ready for the day.
“I’m nervous,” Castiel said, while Dean untied his boots. “I don’t know why. The DHR people said that approval by the Virginia board meant automatic listing on the NRHP. But I want to see it in black and white, just like you.”
“Dean, trust me. The people who’re following you for the food? You’ve got them in the bag. It’s time to expand your brand.
“Dean’s an exceptional partner at all times,” Castiel replied. “Who wants granola? Dean made it. It’s my favorite.”
In a large mixing bowl, sift together the bread flour, salt, cinnamon, and cloves. Add the rest of the sugar and orange zest and juice. Finally, add in the yeast mixture and combine until you have a uniform mass of dough. Your dough should be tacky but not so sticky that it clings to your hands; mix in small amounts of flour if necessary to make the dough workable, but err on the wet side to account for the added flour during kneading.
“Eventually, the villagers brought honey to the dragon, and he favored it above all other foods. He wanted more of the sweet elixir, and then he wanted to know from whence it came. When the supply dried up, he denied the valley his blessings until more was provided. It never was.”
**Other colors of sweet bell peppers are fine, but I think yellow looks the nicest in contrast with the red sauce.
Dean was running late. There hadn’t been any radishes at the farmer’s market—“been a cold April,” one of the vendors had lamented—which meant that he’d had to drive to the grocery store next to the interstate, then back to his house on the outskirts of the city. In spite of the chill in the air, he was sweating by the time he got through his door.
“Okay. Just—” Meg hesitated. “Look, I’m just going to come out and say it. Cass seems really vulnerable right now. Coming out and all that. And what he needs is total support and love. What he doesn’t need is emotional whiplash and uncertainty and a bull running through the china shop of his emotions.” She tapped the neck of Dean’s teapot. “You’re the bull in this metaphor, by the way.”
Dean sighed. They’d nearly reached the road’s end at the top of the hollow, and Castiel was indefatigable.
Castiel smiled. His tentacles, glittering in the starlight, danced overhead, tracing the constellations of the galaxy. They went through them one by one until Dean drifted off to sleep.
“I’m just doing some preparation,” Castiel said, without looking up from the holographic console. “The instruments in this room will take preliminary measurements and images of your body. Feel free to make yourself comfortable. If you require anything, we can synthesize most objects from your planet.”
“Let me be clear,” Castiel said, his tone slipping from clinical formality to quiet reassurance. One of the tentacles pressed, firm and warm, to Dean’s shoulder. “Nothing will be done to you without your consent. That’s part of the rules of engagement I mentioned earlier.”
“You were doing it for me. No one’s ever—no one’s ever done anything like that for me. Maybe that was part of why I freaked out, I don’t know. But you need to know that I didn’t mean what I said. I don’t think you’re here because you feel like you have to save me.”
In a large mixing bowl, combine apple cider vinegar and non-dairy milk. Set aside. Zest and juice the lemon, then add both to the mixing bowl. Add oil and whisk to combine, then do the same with the sugar. Add the flour, baking powder, baking soda, and salt to a sifter and sift into the mixing bowl. Whisk until no large lumps remain. The consistency should resemble pancake batter; depending on how much juice your lemon gave you, it may be too thin at this point, so add a few spoonfuls of flour if necessary.
“It’s partly because of you, you know. You helped me see that I was focusing on the wrong things.” Castiel shook his head. “I don’t deserve you, Mr. Perfect.”
“Oh. Okay, good. Got worried there for a second.” Dean pointed his index finger at the screen. “Virgo?”
“Sam’s still in Ohio, and he’s not especially close to the Indiana line. Jack’s giving instructions to the angels. Neither of them will be here for some time.” Castiel thumped his slick, heavy cock on one of Dean’s cheeks, then the other, before finally teasing up and down his crack. “I could ‘stick it in you’ a half dozen times before either of them arrives.”
Meg hugged Castiel, then lifted her tray and walked off. Castiel decided on another cup of coffee. He thought he might need it before he faced Dean again.
“Fine, have it your way.” He double-checked his list. “Let’s start with four cases of the Virginia strawberry jam. That should fill your dolly.”
“I’d say that went well,” Castiel said, once they were out on the sidewalk again. Mercifully, Lisa had gone home for the day before their meeting had concluded, so there hadn’t been another painful encounter on the way out.
The storm had shifted by the time Sam was ready to return to DC. There was less rain, more wind. They carried Castiel’s suitcase and bags into the house to the faint rumbling of thunder.
Castiel pushed off from the balls of his feet and started wandering to the entrance. Dean reached for his hand to stop him.
“She’s a little eccentric. She’s my father’s sister, after all.” Castiel clinked his belt together. “She was wealthy enough to retire at 45, yet she lives in a yurt on 4000 acres of empty sagebrush in the Nevada desert.”
Dean looked down at his tankard again. He didn’t like lying to a man who might very well be risking his life, but he wasn’t going to tell him that they were doing this because his prince had ordered it. It was too dangerous to allow the news that Castiel was alive to spread before he’d brought him to safety. That probably meant the citadel of Mount Lebanon, where Sam could shelter them until the prince had recuperated enough to make the journey back to Providence and take back what was rightfully his. Until then, all he would tell anyone was that Castiel was an unspecified lord and he, his knight.
Dean shrugs. He wants to point out that Chuck could’ve been lying about that like he lied about everything else, but he doubts that’s what Castiel wants to hear.
“Hey folks. We’re baking one of my favorite breads today: orange bread with dried huckleberries. August is huckleberry season here in Virginia, and I always try to snag some off the bushes before the birds get them all.”
Castiel closed his eyes and wrapped his arms around himself. He drifted off to sleep with the cool wind on his back, just as he had for as long as he could remember.
Dean seemed to ponder that. Castiel used the time to get started on another sheet of word tiles. He turned to the refrigerator when Dean grunted.
It always irritated him when she asked that question, like she was raising false hope after spending months telling him he needed distance from Dean. Everyone in their year knew Dean was a massive womanizer. Even those who didn’t keep an ear to the ground had learned this fact last November in spectacular fashion when Cassie, Carmen, and Lisa, the girls in the triple room two doors down from Castiel, confronted Dean on the staircase of Bunker Dining Hall. He’d been sleeping with all three and apparently telling all three what they wanted to hear. That particular brouhaha had been a favorite topic on the anonymous online message board
“So do I. Being in your kitchen, watching you cook, digging in across the table from you—it’s my happy place.”
“I got you some frozen burritos the last time I went to the store. So you have something for lunch.”
Dean stuck out his tongue, earning another glower from Castiel. Then, he leaned in, head askew, and met his lips. One of his hands interlaced with Castiel’s fingers and the other pressed into the small of his back, and Dean could taste the recent afternoon coffee in his mouth. Faith Hill serenaded them with something ridiculous about kissing with the windows open to the pouring rain.
“Cass, about last night. I—” Dean turned to meet his gaze. “I should’ve stopped you. You were just trying to help and I lashed out at you. I let you go because—because it was easier than admitting I was wrong. That I’d overreacted.”
“No, it’s just—” Dean nudged the side of Castiel’s head. “Looking at the house like this, really looking at it, I’m thinking about how I’ve lived here for…17, almost 18 years, and this is the most it’s felt like home in all that time. Even more than when Dad was around.” He shook his head. “I shouldn’t think that. I feel like a jerk for thinking that.”
