“Auntie Pepper?” Zach exclaimed upon seeing her instead of Tony or Steve.
“Because I would rather have a quick painless death than one that is lingering and agonising.” Curien shot back, “And that’s what Osborn and his boss’s would offer.”
“I’m not!” Zach cried, clinging onto Tony tighter, “I wanna stay here with you!”
“She’s a grown woman and she can read minds, how could she not have known? There is no way that she didn’t pick up thoughts from at least one person there that would have tipped off that she was not working for Shield. There is no way she could have been in such close proximity to Strucker and not had at least some idea of what was really happening. No one is that stupid or naïve.”
It was both frightening and pleasing.
Violet’s face became livid, “I am seventy-two!”
Normal was not enough.
“Zach, baby, please!” Steve cried trying to approach him but couldn’t get closer than a few feet, the heat blistering the skin on his hands and wrists as he tried to reach out for Zach.
Jan had been the big sister.
From her position, sprawled out on her front to get her back tanned, Natasha snorted in amusement.
“Well he is damn brave too.” Tony said, “And, if he would just come with me into the closet I would happily show him my appreciation….”
That felt like a failure to Peter, even though there was nothing he could have done for those poor people, and death was probably a mercy for them considering what had been done to them, he still felt the loss of their lives.
“Now, even if I could develop some kind of space weapon, we couldn’t even launch it into space without having permission from the UN. Part of the treaties regarding space expressly forbade any kind of weaponry being put in orbit or tested in space, something that all countries with space programs have to adhere to.”
Steve was smiling now, “I can’t believe it. My best friend is still alive.” He looked to Tony, “I can’t begin to thank you for helping me with this.”
The Police was already calling an Amber Alert. Dozens of officers were stomping all over the tower, dusting for prints, snapping photos, taking statements.
Natasha snorted, “Better buy some Jimmy choos to make up for it.”
“Shall we wait for Tony?” Bruce asked Steve, the soldier glanced at the door and shook his head,
“I don’t know,” Tony whispered, he looked dazed, his eyes were too wide, like that of a deer caught in the headlights or a rabbit in a trap. He was confused and uncertain, bewildered as if he didn’t know where he was or what was going on.
Bruce smiled and shrugged, “If needs must.” He winced as Clint slapped him on the shoulder,
Tony cursed at being treated like a damsel but didn’t have time to focus on that as Wanda seized her chance and lashed out at him with her magic. Tony dodged as best he could, running for the far wall to take shelter. He jumped up and gripped the wall with his fingers, silently swearing about not being taller as he scrambled to get up only for Maximoff’s magic to wrap around his waist and bring him flying back onto the ground.
Too noisy, too crowded, too unsafe.
Tony snickered at his Son’s serious expression, but in truth Zach’s tendency to climb into and hide in the boxes had hindered their packing somewhat.
As all eyes turned to Deadpool the deranged lunatic shrugged, “How else was I meant to get here, not all Superheroes and break into the franchise big time. I don’t have the endorsements and merchandizing to buy my own jet, jeez I only have two movies where you guys have two joint movies and several solo works going on!” Deadpool’s white eyes went wide and he suddenly gasped, “The Little Mermaid, I fucking love this movie!” He summersaulted over the sofa and landed besides Bucky, giving him a grin from under the mask, “Doesn’t seeing her seashells make you super horny and consider running into the ocean totally naked and masturbating into a clam shell?”
“Have you seen how much he eats?” Tony asked pointing the tweezers at Steve.
“I’m sorry little master but I can’t do that.” Jarvis said, “Just calm down and you’ll be home soon.”
“I can’t.” He whispered, shuddering at the thought of telling Steve what he’d seen,
Sighing, Matt tossed the menu at Peter, “Knock yourself out.”
“All shall be well.” Steve declared in his deepest most impressive Captain America voice, “I shall attempt to free us.” He gripped Tony’s hips and pulled back, sliding in and out of Tony, “This is harder than it seems!” He snorted setting Tony off again, “I keep sinking back in, perhaps I need something to grab onto.” He reached under Tony and fisted his cock, “Ah, now I have a solid hand hold.” He declared, giggling as Tony laughed helplessly beneath him, the shudders of their laughter tormenting them both as their nerve endings were stimulated.
Oh God Steve, he couldn’t do this to Steve.
Bucky chose to stay at the hotel with Vision, Matt, and Sam while Steve, Rhodey, and Tony went to the UN, taking Lily with them.
“Damn the boy is fast.” Steve muttered leaping down the first flight of stairs and sprinted around the second, jumping down them, and continued on until he reached the bottom of the stairs and ran out into the lobby, just in time to see Zach’s retreating figure through the glass double doors of the hotel.
“Don’t fuck on the back seat!” Clint called after him, “And no sex unless its safe sex, kids!”
*****
Having worked up a good appetite they stopped for lunch early at the first summit and took time sating their hunger and snapping pictures before they moved on.
With her heart racing she had loaded the pistol in the lift, firing as soon as she was through the doors, taking down Stark’s elder kid and his new boyfriend, leaving the Pup alone.
“Why not, the irritating fuckface will survive it.”
“Well, you are probably the person he can most relate to.” Tony said with a shrug, “You are an alternate version of his best friend. It might make him feel more secure, having you here.”
Tony didn’t answer him though, he just turned and shouted, “FRIDAY, Suit now!”
Tony snickered, “Suck up.”
“The handwriting is identical Sir.” Jarvis said, “Both were written by Steven Grant Rogers.”
Steve nodded, filing away that new piece of information as the conversation about Camp Leheigh resumed and plans were made to go there in five days time, until then everyone would carry on as normal so that the Shield grunts, if they were watching them, would figure that nothing strange was going on and would return to Fury.
“How’s the sums going champ, everything adding up?” he asked Zach,
“Is the best!” Zach said bouncing on the sofa, he patted the seat next to him, “Come and watch it.” Those doe eyes, cheeky grin, and wild black curls were impossible to resist and Steve found himself sitting down besides Zach, who tugged on the blanket so it would cover Steve too.
“You got a bolt hole we can go to?” Tony asked moving away from the exhibit, Natasha and Steve following him, he kept his broken arm stuffed into the pocket of his hoodie to hide the spoons that were acting as splints.
“Gimme the instructions again.” Steve said, Sam shoved them at him, and Steve scowled at them. It could not be this difficult to do this, it was two tents, not rocket science, he could do this. He was Captain America, he could put two tents up.
Tony’s smile was tight as he kissed Zach good night and he had to support himself on the wall outside Zach’s room.
Steve increased his pace, managing to get Zach out of the hospital room and down the corridor to where the others were waiting before he had to put Zach down, his suit smouldering from where Zach’s flaming hands had burned into him.
“Don’t move.” A voice snarled from behind Peter,
With a cry Tony went down to his knees clutching at his cheek, Steve let out an angry cry leaping to his feet to defend Tony, but Peter beat him to it, delivering a right hook of his own that floored Norman.
“Tony,”
“I meant about Bucky.” Steve said and Tony looked up to meet Steve’s knowing eyes, “It wasn’t easy in the beginning for me my Bucky, getting him back was hard work.”
“Yes.” Tony said not overly enjoying the scrutiny,
“I’m sorry, sorry!” Harry wailed, spraying blood as he spoke.
Rhodey cursed, “We’ve traced the signals to Miami.” He said, “We don’t know exactly where in Miami but it is coming from there.”
A Paralympian Gold Medallist gave the encouraging message of “A disability is only a disability if you let it disable you.”
After him Bruce spoke of his own abusive past, something that got understanding in Tony’s eyes, how he’d tried to replicate the serum, become exposed the gamma radiation which had created Hulk, how it was his repressed anger at himself and his own inaction against his abusive Father when he was a child that had led to the creation of the rage Monster.
“Yes, alright,” Tony laughed letting himself be pulled along, by the over excited toddler,
Jumping, Bucky did the only thing he could think of, which was bolt into the bathroom, slamming and locking the door, leaning against the wood he breathed heavily, his eyes searching out for possible weapons. A straight razor lay on a shelf above the sink, that would do. He made two large strides across the room to grab it only for the door to knocked on,
“Fuck, Nat, really, now?”
Was it a good thing that it was taking this long? It had to be didn’t it, it meant that there was something that the doctors could do for Tony.
Breathing like an enraged bull, his eyes bulging with fury and spittle frothing at his mouth Norman let out a savage snarl and punched Tony in the face.
“Have you decided on a menu yet?” Bruce asked.
“And it is to that Omega whom you are now engaged to.”
Steve snorted, Zach was as much of a pyromaniac as his Mother.
At his counter parts question, Steve stood up to his full height, amused to see that he was taller this thing younger version of himself.
They had decided to make the trip when they did to get away from the press for a while. Since news of Norman Osborn’s complicity in the human experimentation had broken along with the news of his subsequent escape and disappearance, the press had been hounding the family, wanting interviews, comments, pictures, soundbites, everything.
“Steve!” that was Bruce calling and Steve could hear footsteps approaching.
Bruce grimaced as he tried to explain, “Its complicated Zach, when adults have relationships that are deeper than friendship it has consequences for them and their lives.”
In reality it had been less than a minute he’d been out there, any longer and not even the suit would have been able to protect him from the vacuum. But in his dreams he was in that void for far longer, an infinite amount of time, where he didn’t lose consciousness just as the nuke exploded, but stayed awake, able to see everything, to feel the cold settling into his flesh, feel his body beginning to panic from the lack of air. He would be gulping for it, his mouth wide open as he tried to suck air into his burning lungs, but there was nothing, only the cold emptiness of space which he couldn’t inhale. He could feel the gas bubbles forming beneath his skin as the lack of pressure changed the way his blood and other fluids acted. He felt his skin expanding, the suit becoming tight as his body swelled with the gas bubbles, his vision grew hazy as the moisture boiled away, his mouth becoming dryer than a desert as all the liquid in his body boiled.
“S’okay.” Tony said grateful when Steve let go of his arms, he shut down the photo images and went to shut down the letters, pausing over the 2023 letter, “Camp Leheigh.” He said, “That’s where you did your training, isn’t it?”
Another jeep came up along theirs and a couple of soldiers in suits much like Sam’s flew alongside but Tony and Thor quickly took care of them while Steve, on a bike sped through, grabbing a soldier and dragging him along before throwing him into a couple of others then continued on through the woods jumping up over embankments and across the rough terrain, bouncing off soldiers as he went.
“No need my Pepper hugs, my Pepperoni snuggles.”
“No Tony, we do this together.” Steve was adamant about that, Tony had suffered this alone for long enough, from now on Steve was going to be by his side through it all.
“Let me know by tomorrow.” Lydia said as the bell for homeroom rang.
“Mamma!”
Killian let out at laugh as Tony let out a yelp as the contents of one of the crates exploded, sending flames shooting up the walls and licking at the catwalk, making it impossible for him to cross and heating the metal beneath his feet.
As he did this, Tony sat silently at the counter, his shoulders pulled up and expression pinched. He looked completely exhausted by everything, as if he had given everything and had nothing else left to sustain himself anymore.
Thankfully they team got off at the next stop and he and Steve were left alone after that, both eagerly heading out to Tony’s car.
Steve’s face creased with sympathy for Tony while his eyes blazed with fury over what Killian had done. He pulled Tony back into his arms, mindful of the burns and held him close.
Tony was growing to hate sleeping. Every time he closed his eyes he would be back there, in the battle of New York, going through the portal to the other side of the universe, the arse end of the universe where there was nothing. No life, no stars, no planets, nothing but cold empty space with the Chitauri waiting to strike.
There was also the frustration of not being able to fix things for Peter, to not have any kind of resolution in sight. This was all trial and error and as it was affecting his Son Tony was naturally more frustrated and worried than he would under other circumstances.
“His sickness was not caused by an infection or food poisoning.” Jarvis said, answering Steve’s question before he’d even asked it, “I believe he suffered a night terror, and I do not think it is the first time he has done so since his injury.”
“You can enjoy sex.”
“And we’d all wind up suffering “Accidents” soon thereafter.” Natasha added, she glanced at Steve who had a tightness to his jaw, “We’re on our own, Steve.”
“God.” Tony breathed, running his hands up Steve’s perfect torso, “You are so perfect, so unbelievably perfect.”
Digging through the debris was reminiscent of the time that the Lehigh base had been bombed and Tony and Steve had been buried beneath the ruins, only this time Steve was on the outside helping Natasha and Clint to shift brick, metal, and glass.
“Not bribing, God you are so paranoid. I just wanna stay at Ned’s on Friday night.”
“Let me speak to your Dad first and then I’ll give you an answer.” Tony said, “And don’t stay up beyond midnight, you might not be going into school but that doesn’t give you a free pass to be up all hours.”
“You’re not coming, are you?” Natasha asked, though it was not really a question.
Outskirts of Sokovia.
“Zach will be alright.” Steve said, “He’s worked himself up but he’ll calm down soon enough.”
“Then we get better defences.” Steve said, “You’ve said it will take the Chitauri a while to get here, they’d have to regroup first, they suffered a lot of casualties and they are far away, so that buys us time, we’ll put it to good use, get a real planetary defence sorted, so if and when they come again we’ll be ready to kick their ugly asses back across the universe!”
“Gross!” Peter yelled from his hospital bed, “Public indecency alert!”
“Okay I owe you.” Tony said rolling his eyes, “Point proven Rogers.”
“Hmm, his hair is like burnished gold in candle light, and all light and glowy in sunlight, and how is it possible for his lips to be that pouty and kissable all the time?”
“Where are all the foxes and badgers?” Zach asked looking around the woods, he’d seen a couple of rabbits and tried to catch them but they’d been too fast for him.
Four heads snapped in Lily’s direction, eyes wide with shock and dawning horror as they all realized that at eight months old Lily had not only spoken her first word at an early age, but it had been a word that they would have rather she did not say.
“Yes Sir.”
“Jarvis, find me someone to sue, hell! Call the lawyers, I want to sue everyone; the tabloids, the paps, the fucker who took the photos, all the wankers on twitter and facebook, fuck I want to sue the makers of social fucking media!”
“The good Doctor here believes that he can manipulate the Infant’s growth so they reach maturity in a matter of months. Think of that, Stark, you’ll have created a new generation of super soldier, in the service of Hydra.”
It’s the confused and frightened cry from Zach that pulled Steve out of his frozen trance.
The two of them glanced into the living room as laughter exploded from Clint and Sam, who were watching Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles with Zach and Peter.
Clint raised his hand, “Does that include bathroom visits too?”
Steve frowned at the crude analogy but couldn’t say he disagreed. On the one hand it seemed like a good idea, being able to react to threats swiftly and prevent catastrophes like New York from happening, but on the other, it was taking away people’s freedom and privacy. Not just those with something criminal to hide, but normal, innocent, everyday people. That was not protecting their liberty, that was taking it away.
Vaguely Steve was aware of Peter besides him, the pre-teen taking his hand, interlocking their fingers as he too stared at the screen in disbelief.
“Call me Steve then, please,”
They were greeted to applause as they were announced, being the guests of honour for the night.
Steve kept tight hold of him, shielding him with his broad chest and muscular arms, while trying not to growl at the fact that Tony was shaking like a leaf against him.
*****
“No. Or at least not really. A couple of Harry’s friends have been giving me dirty looks, but nothing else, and Flash isn’t exactly that popular, people only stuck by him because they were afraid of getting bullied themselves, no he and Harry have been knocked down a few pegs not many people are sticking by them.”
Armed with several water bottles, a packed lunch, snacks, insect repellent, sun screen, a compass, a map of the area, and two fully charged mobile phones, the family set off on the hike through the woods and up into the hills.
“Completely.” Tony said, “Cap’s writing one hundred percent matches.”
Steve walked forward and stood tall over Tony, “I think you’re just scared of the competition.”
Peter looked up at his friends, holding his breath as he waited for their response. He was cursing his heightened sense now because he could hear their heartbeats having quickened, their rapid intake of breath. He knew if he tried then he’d be able to smell the sweat gathering in the glands on their skin and see the hair standing up on the bodies. Ignorance really was bliss, being able to see someone’s bodily reaction when you waiting for them to respond was not enlightening, it just added to your own nervousness.
“I’m in a Hydra Base just outside of Baku, I can’t give any coordinates, but you should be able to trace the mobile phone.” He startled as a shrill alarm began to blare, “Shit, I think they know I’m not in my cell, fuck, Friday, I need you to tell Rhodey whats happening and send help, I can’t fight, there’s no point in sending the suit I won’t fit into it, I’m…” He looked down at himself and cupped his bump protectively, “I’m pregnant and in labour.”
“Hmm, we could get it back.”
“A nightmare no doubt.” The nurse said derisively, “Nothing a cup of warm milk won’t fix, back to bed with you now Master Stark, you have caused enough trouble for one night.”
“Bucky.” Steve murmured, “He’s with them, has been for years.”
*****
Tony wet his lips, “Is there a description of the man?”
“Excellent sir, will the two of you be picking out wedding coordinators or will you have Miss Potts do so.”
At first he felt nothing, just his body being lowered down, then as Steve’s cock went deeper he began to feel a pressure inside himself, a vague sense of stretching until finally…
As the lift reached the Penthouse and they stepped out, Tony wondered what the worlds reaction would be to the New Steve Rogers, and what, this realities Steve Rogers would think when his “Big Brother’s” story was plastered all over the news papers for all to see.
“You only want a one night stand and I want more than that.” Steve said, “So I think it is probably best if I go so that neither one of us gets hurt and our friendship isn’t damaged by anything that we do here.” Tony was reeling, as he tried to follow Steve’s train of through. He wanted more than a one night stand, he thought that Tony didn’t?
“It’s gonna take me hours to scrape this paint off.” Tony complained, “And I promised Zach and Pete we’d blow up that volcano tonight.”
“Wow, this is really good Zach, it looks just like me doesn’t it?” Tony said, holding up the picture for everyone to see.
Tony looked Peter over feeling sick to his stomach. Peter was naked and strapped down with metal restraints that were digging into his pale skin, there was a bloody bandage about his right thigh, and horror of horrors a Y incision down his torso that was spilling blood out onto his pale skin and dripping down onto the metal gurney beneath him.
So much blood.
“A most reassuring change from the usual circumstances of your deception.”
“No, but you are a super soldier whom Shield are interested in having working for us on one of our strike teams.” Fury said, “As far as anyone is concerned you are here so Agent Romanoff and I can sweet talk you into joining. In actuality I wanted you here to be added protection for Stark and to see for yourself what we’re up against so that when the shit does hit the fan you won’t be going in blind.”
“Whatever information Stark gets he can relay to us. I doubt the Mandarin is still in town, but Stark may get a lead on where he/she/they are now.”
Zach nodded, wrapping his small hand around Mjolnir’s handle with Thor’s and they rose up into the air flying back to the hospital at a much slower speed than the one Thor had used to get Zach to the fountain.
Sam had to pull him away when the EMT’s got there, Steve was then taken to the nearest hospital, where he underwent surgery for internal bleeding and had his broken bones set. Were it not for the serum he’d probably have been looking at months of being immobilized, certainly weeks being bed bound, but thanks to the serum he’d be fully healed in a week and probably wouldn’t even have a scar from his surgery.
“Glad to see you’re taking such good care of him, Steve!” Rhodey praised,
“He might die!” Maria shouted, “Look at him, look at what you have done!” Maria held out Tony to Howard to show him the twisting shaking body with blood smearing his flesh, “We have to take him to a Doctor or I swear to God Howard Stark, I will see you spending the rest of your life in prison for this.”
“Sure.” Tony said, getting to his feet, “Jarvis, get Aristocats loaded up, and lets get this movie day started.”
“It’s about you.” Steve said, “Or rather what’s been troubling you.”
“I love you too, Munchkin.” Tony said, “Now get to bed or all the bed bugs will eat you!”
With Happy and Pepper baby sitting, Rhodes, Bruce, and Thor watching their six, Tony and Steve headed into Camp Leheigh under the cover of darkness.
“He might be a while.” He said sitting down, Zach rarely threw a tantrum but when he did it tended to take a while to calm him down and Tony would probably stay with him most of the evening as the result.
Was he? Tony realized he was and shrugged, “Well that’s what pregnant people do, Pep.” He said, “And as for what I want to do, I want to clear out the room next to mine and start making a nursery. I’m gonna have this Pup and be the best damn Mamma I can be.”
Harley narrowed his eyes, “What’s in it for me?” He demanded.
“Shut up Tony.”
Wanda, however, drew herself back up and summoned up her magic. Seeing her chance to hurt Tony she took it, blasting him out of Vision’s arms, hitting Vision in the process, and sent them both tumbling across the lawn.
“What?” he asked, breathing heavily and rubbing at his aching torso, “Did you find?”
Tony Stark’s time in Afghanistan.
It wouldn’t be anything too formal, teens didn’t ballroom dance at proms, but with some coaching Peter would be able to do more than just nod his head and shuffle about on the dance floor.
Demands were being made for her to stand trial for her crimes, for her to be deported back to Sokovia where she would certainly face a death sentence for treason and terrorism.
“You both know I love you,” Tony said forcing back a sob, “You two are the best thing I have ever done in my life, the most important and precious things I have and I’m sorry that it has to be this way, but just remember that I love you both very much and take care of each other.”
“You are not a freak.”
When he opened the door he found Stark, Giant Steve, and the baby waiting outside, “Thought you’d fallen in for a minute!” Tony joked, as Steve headed into the bathroom to change the baby, when Bucky didn’t reply he continued, “So, we’re gonna order breakfast and then I need to get to the UN. You can stay here with Matt and Sam if you want, or you can with me, Steve, and Rhodey. I warn you though, if you come to the UN it could be hours of boredom.”
*****
“Alright J, bring the suit in and lets head home.” He spread his arms wide and the gauntlets fastened around his arms, then the chest plate landed, followed by the back plate, the legs, the boots, and finally the helmet. He blasted off into the sky and circled what would become the Avengers compound and the school he was going to build.
“Hopefully they’ll write something positive.” Tony said, putting on his seat belt, “They should, they’ll get a lot of stick if they are thought to be discriminating against the disabled or poking fun.”
The asset didn’t reply, he knew better than to reply unless it was a direct question about a mission, his handler didn’t care, just continued talking to him, and to himself.
Zach hated seeing his Mamma cry. It didn’t seem right, his Mamma should never cry, his Mamma should always be happy and laughing, not sad.
“If I can?” Natasha sounded offended.
“You could have saved us.” Bruce said, he was no longer Hulk, just Bruce, but with a wound that matched Hulk, a gaping seven inch wide wound in his chest that Tony could literally see through.
“I was going to be Papa.”
“Will do Sir.”
Tony felt a rush of love for Steve’s understanding and support, it bolstered his confidence and helped him take more and more steps, getting deeper and deeper into the lake, until he was up to his waist.
Pepper met him at the tower and helped him to pick out suitable clothing, Steve’s first thought was a smart suit, of which Tony had brought him plenty, having taken pleasure in filling Steve’s wardrobe in Armani, Ralph Lauren, Gucci, Versace, and Dolci and Gabbana.
“Negotiate.” Tony corrected, “And yes we do. What are you willing to do for all these treats?”
Deciding to try Bucky moved, slowly rising from the chair, which was of course when Lily decided to announce that she was awake and hungry to the whole world.
“Alright, I take it back, I’m gonna kill you first.” Tony said, “In five, four, three, two…” one of the gauntlets smashed through a window and smacked the first thug upside the head as it found its way to Tony’s wrist, “One.” He fired the repulsor at the thugs who immediately ducked for cover as the rest of the suit followed and covered Tony’s body.
Steve scoffed, “How? I can never seem to save anyone, all I do is mess up_” He was cut off as Tony placed his fingers over his lips, on instinct Steve stared into concerned Chocolate brown eyes and couldn’t help but to pucker his lips against the fingers, kissing them, he heard Tony inhale sharply but the Omega didn’t pull away, taking his chances Steve surged forward and captured Tony’s lips in a kiss….
Thor hummed looking thoughtful, “We do not use such methods in Asgard.” He said, “But I can understand your reasoning. Although I hope young Zach will not upset himself too much.”
As their kisses began to grow more heated Steve shifted, his hips bucking slightly forward, an unfillable sign that he was aroused and eager for more.
Footage was also recorded of a two day long argument between Tony and Clint as to which was better, Star Trek or Star Wars, and was finally settled with the two battling it out on the playstation until Tony defeated Clint, who buried his sorrows in cookies.
Being famous definitely had its compensations.
The dreams were endless, a cycle of pain and misery, always coming back to the same place, the same moment, the same gut wrenching horror that tore Tony’s heart from his chest.
Rogers let out a growl and clenched his fists. Things might have taken a turn for the worst, but Tony moved between them, placing a hand on Steve’s chest.
“Good luck on that.” Natasha sneered rolling her eyes, “I’ve known him nearly ten years. He never shuts up.”
It was hard to remember, it was like trying recall a hallucination, he’d stopped thinking about it because he’d figured it was just his mind confusing everything after so much blood loss and heavy doses of drugs.
“There is no reason…”
“And we are sorry for that.” The Principal said, “I am sure that Peter is sorry.”
“Who did?” Pepper cried, followed after them, out onto the balcony,
“Agreed.” Vision said.
“Sure, I don’t mind.” Peter said shrugged, he’d miss Ned and MJ, but he could see them at break, and anyway it might be Flash and Harry having a different schedule not him.
“94.” Tony corrected, “She had a mild stroke and finally agreed to retire. So yes, she was still running things at Shield with… Fury.” His face hardened. “He knew. That bastard knew, there is no way he didn’t know about this and like everything else he kept it from me.”
I must follow Colonel James Rhodes orders AKA Rhodey, AKA War Machine, AKA Platypus.
“I know.” Tony said, “And I know they won’t shut the fuck up and fuck off until they get a toy of their very own to play with, but I don’t trust them as far as I could throw them without the suit on, but I do trust you, so, you get to be War Machine, you and only you, no one else gets their ass in that armour, got me?”
Steve blushed at this but Zach was thrilled he’d be dressed up like his Daddy.
“Zach, Pete.” Tony whispered, spraying blood with the wounds, “T…tell ‘em, s’ry, love ‘em.”
Pepper was going to kill him, that was guaranteed.
Pursing his lips Steve followed the sound of voices and made his way into the living room, where he found Tony’s Son’s curled up together on the corner suit sofa, a woollen blanket over their laps as they watched some kind of program on the massive TV in which there seemed to be a blue police box in space.
I am issuing a prompt for anyone interested. For EMH Steve and Tony's get together that I have described in this fic to be written as a fic. <3 <3 <3
“Ha, wait until he hands you a sink plunger and tells you that you are a Darlek!”
*****
Showing that he had a sense of humour and didn’t mind playing the fool, earned him points with the press and would also with the public. People liked to see those they looked up to laughing at themselves and showing that they were human and normal.
“Was that true?” Steve whispered to Natasha.
“Their kissing and making funny noises.” Zach told Thor one time when his parents had taken advantage of the situation and gone to their bedroom. “They must really enjoy cuddling and wrestling.” He added.
“Dude your sister weights like fifteen pounds, of course it can.”
Heedless of the pain Tony was in the Doctor took Tony’s legs and strapped them into stirrups, his hands roughly spreading Tony’s thighs as wide as they would go to get access to his vulnerable, straining body.
Tony was laying face down on the ground in a pool of blood, he wasn’t moving, wasn’t calling out for help, he was just laying there motionless as the thick red pool spread out beneath him.
“No one,” Steve said, “The end was coming when Reed shoved me through the portal with Lily, everyone was gone by then, save perhaps for a few civilians in hiding, waiting to burn with the rest of the planet.”
Standing before the physical perfection that was Steve Rogers would have made anyone feel intimidated and insecure about their physique, but with the added issues of his arc reactor, scars, and loss of perfect muscle tone, Tony felt very inferior. He also wasn’t overly happy about Sam, a stranger seeing him like this either. The Sergeant may not be the squeamish type but he had looked shocked when he’d seen the reactor before hiding the reaction under concern over the injuries Tony and Steve bore.
“I umm.” Peter looked down at his lap and suddenly became engrossed in stroking Espresso’s silky fur, “I yeah, I guess I am.” He mumbled, flinching just slightly when Steve squeezed his shoulder.
His false cheer must have been really terrible because saw through it immediately and moved to sit up but not to get himself between Tony’s legs, but sit up straight.
Both Steve and Tony sat up straighter at that. Natasha had gotten away, she was alive, but…. Did that mean she’d been lucky or that she had betrayed Fury, betrayed them?
“It’s not a date,” Tony said, as Steve said,
“Of course.” Steve said determinedly hiding the dread deep down inside him. Man up Cap, he told himself, it’s just snow, you are going to the park to have fun, there is nothing to be afraid of.
“As soon as the news of his death was released I came here.” Maria said, “I knew this was where he’d go to and we contacted Agent 13 and had her start to search for the two of you.” She directed this to Tony and Steve, “Finding Agent Romanoff too was just luck.”
Steve's breath hitched at Tony's wickedly skilled fingers and closed his eyes, forcing himself to concentrate so he wouldn't just fall apart. "I believe we may have a raid to begin." He said and without warning flipped Tony over onto his front and pinned him there, getting between his thighs and peeled off his boxers, tossing them to the shore. "We must begin an invasion of enemy territory."
Two boots were suddenly stood before Tony and he looked up to see Steve standing over him, but it wasn’t Steve, not his Steve, this was a dead body standing over him.
“Oh, some crappy Motel,” Clint said dismissively, “We were kind of hoping that a super rich friend of ours might be willing to give us a spare bed or two, maybe a couch to crash on?”
Since the press conference the world had, at least for the most part been respectful of Tony’s injuries. There had been a lot of shock which was to be expected, distress and sympathy for Tony, there had been an increase of gifts for Tony at the hospital and around Avengers Tower.
“Damnit, PETER!” MJ yelled, “Fucking stop!” grabbing Ned by his sleeve she dragged the boy towards Peter and Harry, bending down to take hold of his shoulders and pull him off Harry. They were both shocked when Peter was able to shake them loose with the ease of batting a fly away and continued to whale on Harry until a couple of teachers arrived, scattering the kids and finally breaking up the fight.
At some other time Tony might have made a joke about impassioned speeches but right now he knew that this was too important, Morgan was relying on them, was dependant on them, they had to do their best for her, so instead of making a joke he quietly agreed with Steve and decided to make the most of the time they had together before Steve had to leave once again.
Zach frowned, he didn’t like it when his Mamma was sad. He’d seen him sad before, only a few times, when he hadn’t been able to sleep at night, and he’d get up and go looking for his Mamma. A couple of times he’d found his Mamma with his Uncle Rhodey, his Mamma would be crying while Uncle Rhodey rubbed his back and whispered to him.
Tony considered it, he was chilled now, the sweat cool on his skin, he wanted to get clean, scrub away the last traces of the nightmare before returning to bed. The fastest way to do that would be to shower and it didn’t risk a panic attack from still water, but a bath with Steve…that would keep the terror of still water at bay and it was something else they could share, an intimacy they could enjoy.
“Maybe we’ll have both.” Steve considered, “Maybe it’ll be twins.”
The archer gave a cold smile, “Ladies first.”
He had to get over this fear, this could not happen again.
“Cap, if this is it, then it’s been nice knowing you.” Tony said.
Peter pulled a face as he thought, “I’m not sure.” He admitted, “Home schooling would be easier. I wouldn’t have to face any negativity from anyone, but I also wouldn’t be with Ned and MJ and I miss being with them.”
“I’m sure you could.” Bruce replied as he began to get the neck brace about Tony’s neck and shoulders, he glanced up and followed Thor with his head as the God retrieved the sceptre from its pedestal and slid it between the straps of his armour so that it was secured to his back. At any other time they would have been celebrating this victory, but right now no one cared what happened to the sceptre not with Tony so seriously injured.
“If you don’t want to tell me that’s okay, but maybe if you did it might lessen the hold it has on you.” Steve said lifting his free hand to wrap around Tony’s waist and stroke his thumb up and down Tony’s ribs. “I promise, nothing you tell me will make me think any less of you.”
His body was preparing itself to conceive a litter, fluid was being gathered in his pelvis and breasts, his uterus lining was thickening, his sweat glands were all gearing up to produce the intoxicating pheromones that Omegas gave off when in heat.
“No, you came here to make demands on Tony, who owes you and yours absolutely nothing.” Steve swiftly cut in, speaking over Rogers as he tried to explain, “You gate crashed a private party, agitated and upset Tony into anxiety attack and then, instead of just backing off, or trying to help him, you attack him!”
“It’s my fault.” Peter said, unhappily.
Thankfully Pete had never had to use it and hopefully it would remain unused, but Tony wasn’t taking any chances with his safety or with Zach’s. At three and nearly four Zach was too young to handle to responsibility of carrying an alarm on his person all the time, and Tony didn’t want to scare him into thinking he wasn’t safe. He’d learn the dangers of the world soon enough without Tony having to take his innocence away from him any sooner.
“Obviously this has been a great shock.” Tony said, “But I have my family around me to support me and I will be starting rehab as soon as I am allowed out of this bed.”
“Sure, that’s America’s Ass.”
“You look incredible.” Steve said breathing in the increasingly heady scent of pheromones that the scent blocker was not completely smothering; it would fool the casual person who came into contact with Tony, but anyone getting up close would know that Tony’s heat was due. He was going to have to be on his guard at this gala, because no damn Alpha or Beta was going to get their hands on his Omega.
The factory that Peter went to was built well away from most of the industrial parks and warehouse districts, sitting right out on the border between Queens and Nassau County. It occupied three square miles of land and had high fencing all the way around it with barbed wire over the top to keep out trespassers, not that many could get ten feet high to go over the top. Peter however was not most people and was able to hook his webbing over the barbed wire and swing himself up and over the fence, landing on the other side in an easy crouch.
Because of how young Zach is, and certainly how young he was at the time, Tony did not want his enhancement to become public knowledge, but now, with what had happened to Peter, he feels that it is best that his family and the avengers give full disclosure.”
“Since when has everyone taken such an interest in shooting things?” Tony asked, “Nat and Barton are trigger happy psychos, but the rest of us aren’t.”
“I know you’re pissed, Stark. I would be too. But this ain’t gonna solve anything, if you hurt or kill them, all you’ll do is ruin your own life.”
Tony didn’t look entirely convinced but let it go, leading the way to the lift that had an impressive dent from Hulk’s fist and told Jarvis to take them down to the Car Park. He tossed a set of Key’s to Clint and pointed to an Audi for him, Natasha, Bruce, and Thor to take, while selecting a Porche for himself and Steve and sped out of the garage with Clint not far behind him.
“Its weird.” Peter replied, “Annoying and uncomfortable at times.”
******
“Project Insight goes live just days from now.” Natasha said, “Sitwell and Pierce are using Fury’s murder and your suspected murders as leverage with the WSC to push it forward faster, they’re not even going to wait for Congress to vote or the UN, they’re just going to make it live.”
Steve gave a smile as he entered Peter’s room, he was heartened to see that the teen was looking brighter than he had in days past, he was still pale but had more colour than he’d had before, he also had more energy and was engaging in conversations, not just laying in bed or sleeping.
“Fury…” Clint growled looking ready to argue but Natasha placed a restraining hand on his arm and shook her head. Steve stepped forward then, lifting his chin in defiance, his tone brooking no argument.
“Can you get the tent pegs?”
“That’s right baby, Daddies home.” Tony said slipping an arm around Steve’s waist and leaning against his side and Steve wrapped an arm about his shoulders and kissed his temple, “We’re together again and nothing is going to tear us apart again.”
“I caught the act in Stuttgart.”
“I did try to warn you Sir.” Jarvis said, sounding snide.
“No.” Tony said shaking his head, “I did that with Stane and I don’t want to repeat it. I’d rather go with something different this time.” With a waive of his hand he shut down the images, “Send Pepper an Email J, let her know we’ve decided to have the ceremony and reception at the manor.”
“You’ll regret that!” He snarled advancing on Tony, but before he could reach the distressed Omega, Vision materialized in the room and seized the Doctor by the throat, crushing it like it was made of cardboard.
Natasha shrugged, “There were many years between the time you knew Howard Stark and the birth of Tony, almost thirty years in fact, and people change and not always for the better.”
“Okay, this is less painful than I thought it’d be.” Tony mused as he hugged her, “Are you planning to torture me later?”
“Don’t repeat the mistake you made.” Steve said, “Learn from it and do better in the future.”
The three airborn Avengers waited until the ground Avengers were in position then they attacked, Thor and Tony simultaneously firing on the base while Sam swooped down and bowled over several guards on the ground before flying back up into the air. Her circled around and then attacked again knocked several more flying as they came running to aid their fallen comrades.
“If I bring you breakfast in bed will it score me any points?” Steve asked,
“Thanks.” Tony murmured, he really wanted to cover up, but he needed to get his side treated and wrapped first.
“Darn and I so hoped you’d agree to Banana!” Tony grinned as Steve swatted him playfully, “No, the name I like is Morgan.”
“We might.” Steve said, “If you’ll be willing to furnish us with details of everything you know about Ross, Stern, and Osborn.”
Peter had called him a child abuser and stomped off to sulk with Zach’s singing following him along with his parents laughter.
The majority of what Shield had on the Winter soldier was as Natasha and Clint had said, stories of a ghost, no real tangible evidence, just a vast amount of unsolved murders going back seventy years.
“FUCK!” Tony groaned planting his face into the couch with a dramatic groan, “Fuck, fuck, fuckity fuck!”
Steve shot him an unimpressed look that had Peter rolling his eyes, “Fine.” He sighed, laying down on the bed and closed his eyes, he could try and sleep he supposed, there wasn’t much else to do, he couldn’t watch a movie because the lights would hurt his eyes and the sound would be too much for his ears. He couldn’t read with the glass on and taking them off would make his eyes hurt, he couldn’t really talk to his Dad because it involved Steve typing out messages on the tablet, so until things changed he may as well sleep the time away.
“Like you’re any better.” Pepper scoffed, getting a mug and pouring herself a cup of coffee, “I’m heading to the tower to survey the damage and get an estimate on repair cost.”
Natasha was outside with Sam and Clint.
“Hey you don’t have to say anything.” Tony said, “Although I never get tired of hearing how brilliant, sexy, and amazing I am!”
Tony rose an eyebrow at Peter who shrugged, “A Mario Cart tournament.”
“Welcome back.” The Doctor said as Tony slowly got his breathing under control,
Pepper was waiting for him and Steve in the common area along with the rest of the team. Upon Steve and Tony’s arrival Clint snorted and held out his hand to Sam, who grumbled and got his wallet out of his pocket, taking out a few notes which he handed to Clint.
“But?”
“So we’ll have to go into Shield.” Natasha said with a shrug, “I’ve gotten in and out of worse places.”
“Not unless there is something very wrong.” Tony said stuffing his feet into a pair of trainers. “Okay get one of the cars started up J, we’re on our way downstairs, and wake one of the others up to keep an eye on Zach. He should sleep through but I want to be sure.”
“Good distraction tactic.” Tony said with a smirk, “And not entirely for Zach’s benefit I think.” There was a gleam in Steve’s eyes that he knew very well.
“So what does this mean for me?” He asked.
“Yeah, I’ll call Matt, and Pepper, OHMYGOD Rhodey is going to freak!”
“She’s eloping.” Tony said with a snort.
The vegies were brought in, even the complained about brussels sprouts. Pounds of potatoes were carried in as well as the ingredients to make Christmas pudding, stuffing, brandy sauce, and a couple of packets of instant custard because no one could be arsed to make that from scratch.
“Any news?” Natasha asked as she took a seat and picked up an out of date magazine to flick through, more to have something to do with her hands than to read.
“Hardly subtle.” Vision said as he fazed through the ground, descending through the depths of the Shield base in a search for Tony.
“You okay?” He asked Peter who was shuffling besides him to his bedroom.
“Do you have anymore information about this Chad Davies or know of anyone who might?” Tony asked eagerly.
“Like I’d leave you to get thrown to the wolves alone.” Pepper scoffed, “If I’m there the host will behave himself and not try to make you uncomfortable or trip you up.”
Bruce Banner’s lab will remain off limits unless specified.
“And we’re certain he will call us?” Bruce looked dubious but Steve nodded his head.
“Thank God for that, though I’ll be happier when Osborn’s ass is in custody, preferably well kicked.”
“I didn’t.” MJ replied, “It’s not my fault that boys are so sensitive over their reproductive organs.” She sniffed, “If you losers had to go through periods you wouldn’t complain about your dicks.”
“Nope.” Tony shook his head, “Not happening, if I let you loose with Zach and Peter again I won’t have a house left!”
“Yes.” Steve said his smile growing even more, “After the battle of New York, Tony welcomed me into his home and I became a part of the family, which expanded to include the whole team.” He chuckled, “It’s a little crazy at times, with a lot of different personalities, there is never a dull moment, what with Clint’s YouTube videos, Thor’s Pop Tart addictions, and of course supervillain attacks.”
Once the tents were erected and the airbeds and sleeping bags were put inside, Steve sent the boys to collect firewood while he and Tony moved the cooler into the entrance of their tent along with the packaged food and the water containers.
“Do you think he can do it?” Bruce asked.
“Back off.” He warned the Asgardian.
“Tony!”
“Tony you can’t throw him off the tower!” Steve called,
“Having fun?” He asked eyeing the damp avengers and boys.
“And that you three are wanted terror suspects.” Maria added turning on a computer monitor and showing Natasha, Tony, and Steve the news report of them with declaring them public enemies.
“What is it?” Natasha asked, straightening up from where she had been leaning against the wall.
Tony half sat up and watched Steve with hooded eyes, “We should totally roll play more often.” He said making Steve grin, “Maybe I can be a super-villain who you have to capture and give a full search. A very. Thorough. Search.”
“What? No of course not, why would you think that?” Tony asked her shocked that she’d even consider it, he was marrying Steve Rogers for Christ sakes, no one in their right mind would get cold feet marrying that man.
Tony had endured many meals in such places for business reasons, he always found that the Alpha’s and the Beta men spoke and laughed too loud, as if they were trying to prove their strength by being the loudest in the room, the Omega’s and Beta women were always sat stiffly besides their partner, smiling with false smiles that had too many teeth, their posture would never slump in the chair, they would never sit back to relax it was always sat stiffly bolt upright or at an angle so no flesh rolls could be caused by a slouch.
Bucky stared at Deadpool with the kind of astonishment one gives to the kind of people who leap off bridges for kicks and happen to survive. Deadpool however, having no self-preservation or a teaspoon of common sense shrieked like a pre-pubescent girl and made grabby hands at Bucky’s arm, “A metal masturbating hand! Oh my God that is so fucking cool, does it have different settings like vibrate and thrust?”
“Uh huh.” Zach said nodding his head, he gave Tony a cheeky grin, “Can we has pancakes now Mamma, boobewwy pancakes?”
Athletes foot might be an inconvenience to a mobile person but for a paraplegic it could easily lead to a very serious infection as the circulation was compromised. Making sure Tony’s feet and legs didn’t have any injuries or if they did that said injuries were immediately treated was to be Steve’s job.
Tony quirked his head and grinned, “Oh I don’t know. A big guy like you coming onto a guy might make him a little nervous! After all, you could pick us up and carry us around with just one hand couldn’t you?”
Within fifteen minutes everyone was gathered around the tree with warm drinks and presents were being handed out, some from Santa for Zach and Peter, although the ones addressed to Peter from Santa were for Zach’s benefit. Other presents were labelled from the actual sender and Zach made sure he properly thanked everyone for what they had bought him. He was especially thrilled by the new bike he’d been given, as was Peter, who like Zach couldn’t wait to go riding.
“Works for me.” Tony said around the spoon that he had stuck in his mouth while he worked on the wiring in the helmet, exposing several wires which he stripped down and began to do something complicated to them, he also had the helmet linked up to Sam’s laptop via a USB and was tapping on the keys every few minutes, frowning and then went back to the wiring, seemingly only remembering he had a spoon in his mouth when he tried to shove the tweezers in there too and bumped them against the spoon.
“Sam’s a great name you know?”
The Detective sighed and pinched the bridge of his nose rubbing his fingers and thumb up to between his eyes as if he were trying to shift a sinus headache, “I know its unfair.” He said, after rubbing his fingers and thumb over his eyelids, “But the justice department would rather have Osborn behind bars than this Doctor. He is a much bigger fish.” He looked almost imploring at Steve, “The Doctor has not gone unpunished, he has lost an arm from just below the shoulder, that will end his surgical career, he’ll never be a practicing Doctor again. He has also suffered a serious trauma to his leg and will face chronic pain from the injury, as well as suffering an abdominal injury from being shot. While he will be granted his immunity and witness protection, he will not be sent back to the life he once had. It was be a drastically changed life, one of mediocrity and frugality.”
This stopped Rogers dead in his tracks, “What?”
Tony let out a laugh that sounded more like a sob, “Because you kept saying it, everyone was.”
Peter shrugged, “Okay.” And without warning he pushed himself off the ceiling and plummeted to the ground with Tony crying out his name as he fell, trying to reach him in time but Peter landed with the grace of a cat before he could and bounced right back up onto the balls of his feet.
“Jump,” The voice urged him, “End the suffering, end your life, just let go and end it all.”
“Tony!” Steve cried pounding on the bathroom door.
“I don’t wanna be mad.” Peter murmured, “You saved the world, I can’t be mad about you doing that.” He scuffed his feet on the floor, shifting uncomfortably, “I thought you’d died, I thought I’d lost you too.”
“No.” Sam said. “I can’t do this anymore. I thought I knew Steve, knew you. Turns out I don’t know shit.” He shook his head, “I don’t know how you live with yourself, you and Rogers. Living in Stark’s property, eating the food he pays for, using the equipment he builds, and never once saying a word to him.”
“I don’t know.” Peter said grinning at Zach, “I guess it’ll have to have something to do with Spiders. I’ll have to give it some thought.”
The fantastic four readily agreed to ally with Tony and Steve in the event of an invasion, as did the Defenders. Though, Dare Devil was reluctant to make himself known to them, but then he was reluctant to make himself known to anyone. Steve had told Tony the Devil’s identity, Matt Murdock, who was coming to the Gala, as one of the most prestigious lawyers in New York, he very supportive of LGBTQA.
The Skrull smiled and morphed into Tony, “Natashalie.” It greeted using Tony’s voice, even the posture was correct, the smirk, the sparkle in dark brown eyes, had they not known that it was an imposter then they would have thought they were talking to Tony Stark.
“Like I got hit by a truck.” He grumbled and yawned, “Tell me there is coffee.”
Pulled out of sleep Tony's eyes widened and he shot up from his seat, over turning it and waking Steve in the process, "Peter, oh baby, oh my God!" Tony cried peppering Peter's sweaty face in kisses while Steve shouted for help and hurried back to them.
“I am not your anything.” Bucky snarled, “I was happy in Bucharest, I was building a life there, me and Winter. But and yours destroyed it. I went to Stark because I thought he could keep me safe from the witch, stop her from attacking my mind. But he did more, he offered to help me,” He looked over to where Tony was laying limp in Steve’s arms, the super soldier cradling him as tremors ran through the billionaires body as if he were suffering after effects from ECT. “You let that bitch hurt him.”
“No,” Rogers said, with a confidence that down right foolish, “We defeated the Chitauri. I don’t know how it went down in your world,” he gestured to Steve dismissively, “But in this one, we won, and Tony? Natasha is right. This belief that aliens are coming has already done enough damage, you have got to let this go before you lose your mind.”
“Okay.” Satisfied Zach snuggled closer to Peter and closed his eyes.
“Of course, take care all of you.” Pepper said. She maintained her calm and efficient smile until the lift doors closed then she let her expression become one of anxiety and tiredness.
“You know I was sick a lot before the serum.” Steve said running his thumb over Tony’s scarred knuckles, years of electrical burns, scrapes, and other engineering injuries had taken their toll on Tony’s hands, they were calloused and scarred, showing the years of hard work and creation on his skin, something Steve loved to feel, the proof of Tony’s diligence and genius when they touched.
Snickering Steve ran his forefinger down Tony's forehead and over his nose, "I think that this will take a very long expedition, leaving no land uncharted and no inch unexplored."
With a smile on his face he walked out of the shield apartment, locked the door and never looked back once he’d handed the keys into the supervisors office.
Tony’s eyelids felt heavy and it was a struggle to keep them open and hold Steve’s gaze, “You’ll stay?” he asked, hating how weak and needy he sounded but unable to stop himself either.
“Where is it?” Natasha asked, she was holding an ice pack to her shoulder and had a rapidly blackening eye.
Steve looked up as Natasha slammed a worn leather journal down onto the table top before him and took a seat opposite him. He was sat in the cafeteria staring into a half empty cup of hot chocolate that had gone cold, an uneaten sandwich was before him along with an untouched slice of cake which Natasha took from the tray, picked up the plastic fork and dig into the cake taking a bite which she wrinkled her nose at and pushed the dessert away.
Pepper became his PA in 2000, after Obie got sick of Tony constantly being late or just not showing up to meetings, not returning phone calls, e-mails, and just disappearing into his lab binges. Happy followed soon after, technically as a bodyguard since some idiots still thought that they could make quick money kidnapping Tony despite Howard being long dead and SI having a policy of not negotiating with terrorists. However Tony used him more as a driver and even that was few and far between, but he was part of Tony’s small circle, his family.
Thankfully his suit jacket was a little more forgiving and hid his rounded abdomen from view, without him having to go and looking through the bedroom draws to see if Pepper had left a pair of Bridget Jones knickers he could borrow.
“No and a lot of things that are adhesive are corrosive on human skin, which is not what I want if I’m going to use it to restrain someone.”
“What do you mean?” Sam asked, frowning at her. She shrugged.
Rogers stood for several moments, watching as Tony, Vision, Rhodey, and Steve faded into the distance. His nose was healing now, the blood drying on his face and tasting horrible from where it had dripped into his mouth.
Tony winced and visibly recoiled at the reprimand.
*****
"Hey, this isn't your fault." Steve protested.
“Comic Books?” Tony asked, a grin over his face, “You got named from the comic?” his eyes were dancing with amusement that Steve knew was going to be giving him a hell of a lot of shit over this.
Steve’s enthusiasm dipped a little at that and Tony wasn’t done.
“Even so.” Steve said, “And if you follow that line of thinking, does that mean every public figure who has children are to blame when people attack their children, hold them for ransom, or threaten their lives? No, of course not, it is the perpetrator who is responsible.”
“Quiet Harry.” Norman hissed.
“He can.” Tony corrected, “He can use Peter’s lashing out as grounds. Social Services would be obligated to investigate and once those bastards get a toe in the door, getting rid of them is almost impossible.” He turned to look at Steve, pulling his legs up to his chest, “They could take Zach too, if they find me unfit, then both of Son’s will be taken and I won’t be allowed contact until they are eighteen.”
“They’re fine, they’re right here.” Steve said helping Tony to sit up, he supported him as Tony was still pretty shaky but he managed a smile and held out his arms for the boys, who ran to him right away, throwing themselves into his arms and burying their faces against his neck and chest.
“Our phones.” Ned texted, “We’ll do a conference call, and stay in constant communication.”
Bucky tensed when he saw handcuffs being drawn and Tony stepped forward, putting himself between Bucky and the Police which startled to Super Soldier since it was so odd a thing for someone to do, to risk their own lives for him.
The Bots he took to right away, finding them fascinating and hilarious when they poked at him curiously, messed up smoothies, dropped things, got in Tony’s way, and doused him in fire extinguisher foam.
Peter clenched his fists longing to hit Flash. He didn’t care what the obnoxious prick called him, he’d learned to ignore the remarks or deliver a stinging comment of his own, but he hated it when Flash would attack Ned over his weight. While normally pretty confident, Ned was sensitive when it came to his weight, and when people attacked him over it, he would comfort eat which would lead to him feeling worse about himself. It was a vicious cycle that dick bags like Flash fuelled with their cruelty.
“I do, Friday is extrapolating it as we speak.” Jarvis replied, “It may take some time as she is still learning to integrate with all the systems and it would be best to allow her several hours in order for her to fully grasp everything and not miss any data.”
As everyone got back to what they were doing Steve made his way over to Tony who was doing something complicated with wiring that looked like a bowl of spaghetti to Steve’s untrained eyes.
“What’s gonna happen now?” Ned asked sniffling, his Father handed him a handkerchief which he blew his noise into.
Thor’s eyes widened as he stared at Zach. Alien he might be, but he could easily figure out what Zach was describing.
******
“I know.” Steve said, “But you are the closest he has to a Guardian, even if it is unofficial and I would like to have your blessing before I proceed.”
“Tony!” Steve cried as he saw the Iron Man drop from the sky, the repulsors failing and then sparking back to life just before he hit a rooftop.
The demi God looked like there were several things he wanted to say to that but then second guessed himself or thought better of them, finally after several moments pause he spoke again in a quiet and uncertain voice.
“The knee and thigh took the brunt of the impact by the looks of it.” She said, “I’ll need an X-Ray to confirm but prelim suggests fractured femur and smashed patella.”
“Want you Mamma.” Zach whimpered,
Tony choked as he stared at Killian, out of the corner of his eye he saw something that couldn’t be real, it couldn’t be the Iron Man suit minus a gauntlet, but suddenly repulsors were blasting Killians back and they were both flying across the ground.
Of all the people Tony had expected to find inside the mansion that he, Clint, and Natasha broke into, a drunken, drug addled, lecher was not one of them.
“She’s got a point, Tony.” Steve said and Tony gave a wounded cry.
“Good luck.” Sharon said as she returned with the medical supplies, she set them down on one of the metal desks and Maria took charge of getting them ready, beckoning for Tony to come over and have his arm properly splinted.
“Sure, you say that now.” Tony huffed planting his hands on the mattress and dragging himself further up the bed, “Tell me that in a year, in two years…”
His final few weeks in the hospital had been devoted to rehab, he’d learned how to get himself from his bed to the chair, from the chair to the toilet, and from his chair to a shower stool and back again.
Steve considered it, “Yeah, go on.” He said, “Thor cut off anyone who tries to escape, Sam, pick up any strays, and Bruce,” He looked at the Doctor, “Wait in the jet and guard those Sam and Thor bring back, we won’t call you in unless necessary.”
“And the perpetrator in this case is Aldrich Killian and Doctor Curien.”
“Has there been any news?” Natasha asked as soon as they walked into the suite. Bruce picked up Peter’s medical chart and began to read through it, pursing his lips and nodding his head.
“Hmm Rescue Sex, that has potential.” Tony mused, “I think I could be a pretty good Princess; we’ve already got the tower so that part of the fairy tale setting is sorted, Jarvis can be the Evil Step-Mother/Witch, you cool with that J?”
He also made a point of detailing his anger at how people were attacking Tony, asking how these people would like it if they had their parenting skills questioned in the media, or how they would feel if their children were being bombarded by Paps and Journalists outside their schools.
“Do you fink Steef would mind if I called him Daddy?” Zach asked looking up at Peter with those impossible chocolate brown eyes that could ensure he got away with murder.
Be anything less than fully clothed outside of their private quarters. (Emphasis on this to Thor and Tony) as Thor forgets that humans are rather “Prudish” on some things in comparison to Asgardians. Tony just likes shocking people.
Micky slammed his door shut and made a static noise that sounded like a sulky huff!
Christine took a very deep breath, “I am sorry to hear that Mr Stark. I hope that you will soon be out of bed and adapting easily.”
“This still needs to be set.” She said, examining the wound, “The bone is out of alinement, the longer its left the worse it will get and you risk having to have the arm rebroken to set the bone properly.”
Tony grit his teeth and clenched his fists. Everything in him wanted to storm out of the interview room, go to Curien’s hospital room and finish the job that the shooter had started. The man deserved to burn just as much as the Ten Rings had, more so, because while they had been barbaric they had been torturing an adult, Peter was a child which made Curiens actions so much worse.
“God I hope I don’t start growing four more limbs.” Peter murmured, “I’m not sure I’d know what to do with them!”
“Hey!” Tony teased, “Don’t ask things like that, you’ll give the poor man a complex about crows feet and his weight!” This earned a few laughs, and Steve even made a show of asked Tony if he should start considering botox injection and hair dye for the grey!
“Maybe because it is not human, or even humanoid as Thor is.” Vision suggested to her, “This specie is unlike anything you’ve ever encountered before, so it isn’t that surprising that your powers may not work up on it.”
Captain Punch Up!
“Which is why the asset is being placed at your disposal.”
“Your fault? You built him?” Steve seemed surprised by this, though he still knew of Ultron,
“I’ll call Matt and get him to fly out.” Rhodey yelled to Tony,
“Everybody ready?” Steve asked.
Peter fell backwards down onto the ground and gripped at his leg with both hands, to his utter mortification he realized that he’d voided his bladder, the pain and shock had been so bad he’d wet himself. Tears began to run freely down his cheeks beneath his mask as he tried to stop the blood that was gushing out of his thigh. He’d been shot, the bullet having torn right through his thigh and broken the femur, nicking the femoral artery as it passed through his limb.
Natasha told only the bare minimum, how she’d been taken into training as an assassin as a small child, spent her whole lift training and preparing. First working for the KGB, then going freelance, eventually coming onto Shield’s radar and crossing paths with Clint, who’d decided to save her instead of kill her.
Neither Tony or Steve were armed. They could be, having been in the UN building, but both took up fighting stances when Wanda aimed a shot at Rhodey.
“I may not know your parents well, but what I do know of them Mr Parker-Stark, they are both fighters, and they will do everything they can to come through this and return to you.”
Steve sighed his shoulders slumping in defeat, “Sorry Pete, I wanted to put you at ease.” He admitted, “I guess I’m not much good at this stuff huh?” He chuckled self-deprecatingly.
"Tony, don't do this." Steve sighed, "This isn't your fault. You could not possibly have known something like this would happen. How many school trips happen every year and how many result in something going wrong? Hardly any. You had no reason to think that anything would happen to Peter."
“An electro-magnet.” Tony replied.
*****
*****
Harley was in high spirits when he came home from school that afternoon, dozens of his classmates had been making friends with him through out the day, he’d been invited to go bowling, to play football, and several kids wanted him to help them make potato guns of their own.
“He’s just pissed because he’s out of his little blue pills.”
Sam had grabbed Steve and pulled him away every time, telling him it was better to say nothing, that way his comments couldn’t be twisted or misconstrued.
Pepper frowned, “Are you being serious or just sarcastic?” She asked him.
“Dad, what’s going on, you’re being all weird and….smiling like a demented clown.” Peter set his laptop to one side, “Is there something wrong, with Mamma?”
“Maybe for a while.” Tony said, “But I’ve been thinking about building a tower in Manhattan. Once it’s ready we’ll move into the penthouse, but that’ll take a while, so we can stay here until then.”
Rogers had been trying to get in touch with Tony, trying to reach out to him and stop him from doing something stupid, like Ultron, and to get the press off his back.
“Is your bedroom sixty floors up?” MJ paused at that as her window was not anywhere near that high.
The asset watched as the man made a phone call and got himself an alcoholic drink, he didn’t offer the asset anything, no one ever did. All he got was water and some dense chewy bar of very sweet and sticky oats. He didn’t remember what food tasted like, if he had ever known.
The face plate shattered as did part of the armour, Tony had blood running down his face and his leg was broken, but he managed to blast Thanos in the face, taking out one of his eyes before Steve launched another assault, just as reinforcements arrived.
“I hacked Oscorp.” MJ said with a shrug looking rather smug when the two boys gaped at her, “After Peter got bit, I was suspicious, because Spiders getting out of containment? That’s effed up. So I went looking on the Dark Web and eventually hacked into Oscorp’s mainframe.”
“I’m sure this is nothing that pancakes can’t fix.” Steve said patting Zach’s back, the little boy lifted his head and sniffed,
“I do!” Peter said indignantly.
“No problem.” Natasha said and Steve nodded in agreement.
He writhed helplessly, keening and mewling as Steve’s cheeks hollowed and he took him deeper than ever, gripping him tight enough for there to be bruises on Tony’s hips in the morning, clenching toes and throwing back his head, Tony came, crying out shamelessly and spilling down Steve’s throat. As he lay panting and trying to gather up his blown apart brain cells, Tony felt Steve move and lay himself over him, his head resting on his stomach, and when he looked down he was met with a pair of shining sapphire eyes.
“So when you’re jacking off, do you ever end up tangling your balls in your spider string?”
“Could they have been having this thing do something from here?” Steve asked and Rhodey shook his head.
For a few seconds Tony struggled to register that he was not on fire, he still had both legs, and the world wasn’t burning to ash before his eyes. As his brain registered that information he became aware of the fact he was covered in sweat and he was about to vomit.
Natasha snorted, “Are you smoking the same crack as that fuckwit Slattery? Stark was drunk and drugged out of his mind when he made you that promise. How stupid are you that you took the word of man who could have barely strung a sentence together?”
Well, Bucky couldn’t really argue with that.
Steve felt that they should get the chance to tell their side of things, and would have argued with Natasha if she hadn’t reminded him that they had yet to find Bucky and save him from Stark.
“You can bet that Hydra encouraged their resentment towards Stark Industries and Tony.” Clint said,
“No, no, no, Tony is fine.” Peter and Zach didn’t need to know about Tony’s fertility issues and he wasn’t actually ill in the getting sick life at risk sense, so there was no need to bother Peter with the news.
Hearing Friday’s voice was a joy, Tony could have cried to hear his baby girl’s Irish tones.
The repulsor blast hit Killian in the side and tossed him into his computers throwing them to the ground in a shower of sparks and breaking glass. Tony didn’t wait to see if the man was going to get back up, he just ran to Zach and began to undo the straps on his body.
As with most of their training sessions it was done with a lot of laughter, cat calling, and antics. Tony and Sam ended up in a mid air battle with Sam just about vibrating from the amount of shocks that Tony fired at him and the armour was covered in paint from the amount of shots he took, they both made very exaggerated deaths, clutching at their chests and swooning on the ground as they bowed out.
Zach pouted, “Repons… reasons….repsontily sucks!” He declared mangling the words and wiped his nose on his sleeve making Tony cringe.
“Jarvis get Bruce, get a stretcher with a full back brace.” Steve ordered fumbling with his uniform and pulled a tourniquet out of one of the compartments, he pushed it down into the wound on Tony’s back wincing and apologising as Tony whimpered in pain and shuddered beneath him.
It was a long battle but finally they had succeed and the team were home.
*****
“You on boss.” Happy said.
“You understand?” Tony snapped interrupting the man again, “Has your son been sliced open by deranged doctor in front of you recently?”
“Enough!” Steve bellowed his shout being enough to cut off Tony’s rant, “That is enough.” He said in a calmer tone, “You need to stop doing this to yourself, thinking of yourself this way, it isn’t right and it isn’t true Tony.”
Steve cursed wanting to get to Tony and not being able. The battle seemed to be lasting too long, the minutes stretching out and Tony still not moving, still not making a sound over the coms, just laying there on the ground.
Finally there was just one present left which was addressed to Tony from Steve. Frowning in bemusement Tony pulled off the wrapping paper and gasped at the portrait which Steve had spent months working on.
While this might seem like a dream come true to some, in reality it wasn’t so much fun. Gorging on junk food didn’t help Peter stay full or provide him with enough nutrition to properly fuel his bodies new demands. So he sat down with Bruce to work out a high protein, calcium, and complex carbohydrate rich diet plan to help him feel satisfied and give him all the nutrients that he needed.
“Not good.” Bruce replied hurriedly inserting an IV port into Tony’s veins, he then began to squeeze on the blood and saline packs to get them into Tony’s body faster. “Steve wash your hands in disinfectant, then I want you to take over my job and get this blood into him.”
It was funny, being shot didn’t hurt right away. The first thing Tony felt as the nightmare images began to flicker away from his mind was a feeling like he’d been gut punched. All the air seemed to have been forced out of his body and he couldn’t manage to draw any back in.
There was a dining room with a heavy dark wood table and chairs to sit eight, and a fully functional kitchen. Two bedrooms, “So you can have friends stay over or turn one into an art studio, whatever,” and of course a large bathroom.
Or what if he threw someone and they got hit by a car, or he hit someone too hard and they got internal bleeding or something?
Natasha smiled charmingly and elbowed Clint in the gut as he snorted at her being called “Spy Lady”
Tony was getting to his wits end, having had practically no sleep as he’d been staying at Zach’s bedside for most of the time, and had already dealt with several smaller tantrums over having Zach’s hands mitted to keep him from scratching and scarring himself. Poor Zach, while bright for his age, was too young to understand that what Tony was doing for him was for his own good, all he knew was that his body ached and itched and he wasn’t allowed to relieve it and was being covered in a funny lotion that he didn’t like, had to take medicine he didn’t like, and was now being made to sit in a bath full of soggy oats.
Tony shook his head, or tried to but he didn’t have that much movement in his neck and had to settled for a smile. “Not your fault.” He said.
As his encryption worked on revealing what Shield was really doing with the tesseract, Fury, Romanoff, Thor, and Rogers descended on the lab and within minutes an argument broke out with everyone tearing strips off each other and blaming one another for their reasons for what they were doing.
“Do we have to say anything?” Clint asked, “Sign autographs and such?”
Shifting himself from the bed and into the wheelchair was a milestone that Tony had not thought he would be celebrating, for many it would not seem like a big achievement but having been bed bound for weeks and unable to do anything for himself, managing to do this was a huge step towards getting his independence back.
Peter gulped and balled his hands into fists making himself hide his fear, “You know who I am.” He said scowling at the Doctor, “You know who my Mother is, so you must know what he is going to do to you if you hurt me.”
Christine Everheart smiled toothily, “Oh I still enjoy sinking my teeth in flesh, Mr Stark.”
“Damn.” Tony murmured allowing himself to ogle his fiancé, hmm, just look at those back muscles as he digs into the ground, just look at those buttocks and quads, fuck…. Look at those biceps….,
“I…there’s nothing troubling me.” Peter said and Tony was right, he really did suck at lying, he immediately looked guilty and his eyes began to dart about the room as if he were looking for exits.
“Great, if we hit them hard and fast we should be home in time for dinner.” Tony said, “Celebratory burgers on me.”
*****
“And I have a firm handle of the situation.” Steve added breaking into laughter again. He thrust harder into Tony, stroking and teasing the Omega’s cock, bringing Tony to the point of release and then denied him, holding him right on the brink as he slowed down his thrusts and took his time to bring himself to completion, making Tony whine, complain, beg, and mewl before he finally allowed Tony to come.
Tony was released from medical in a wheelchair a few days later and went back to the tower, where he was allowed on crutches a week after that, and an air cast a week later, within the month his bones were completely healed and he was moving as easily as if he had never been injured at all.
Tony smiled, deaf to all by Peter even the Social Services were squawking, he reached into his pocket and pulled out his phone, “Jarvis, buddy, call my lawyer and get me made Peter Parker’s legal guardian and start the process on adoption.” Peter let out a squeal and hugged him tighter, burying his face in Tony’s chest.
“What?” Steve couldn’t stop himself from yelling, he was so shocked by Tony saying such a thing, an untrue thing.
“I think he’s tried making a griffin!”
Rhodey broke into a huge smile, “Come here my pancake.” He said spreading his arms wide and picked Zach up, “Hmm, you smell of pancakes, you’re becoming a pancake.” He said.
He would have probably gone on for a lot longer, but Steve had taken the opportunity to grab him by his t-shirt and tug him close and shut him up with the kiss of his life.
“Starting Friday night.” Ned said, “You can stop over at my house, slip out when my parents go to bed.”
“Slippery bastards slithered away but we will eventually find him.” Natasha swore, the glint in her eyes promising a world of pain for the man when she did.
“Okay Spiderman just hold tight until Tony’s suit gets here.” Steve said getting himself in place to catch Peter in case he fell.
Natasha and Clint Met Steve at the hospital as soon as they got to the city, Bruce picked them up at the airport and drove them there, Sam was still on his flight back from Washington and would join them as soon as he could.
“Alright, what’s so urgent that you had to gate crash a private party?” Tony asked, getting straight down to business.
“So, lemme guess.” Tony sighed rolling his eyes, “You’re still pissed about Switzerland like she is, right? Did Stane blow you off too, did he blow you as well, no wait, he was never much for oral unless he was receiving it.” Tony grinned at Maya, “You’d know all about that wouldn’t you honey?”
Natasha had unfortunately been taking a mouthful of coffee and ended up choking at Zach's choice of words. Tony had a bout of gastric flu in the Autumn which had resulted in him practically living in the bathroom for a few days. Peter had unfortunately described the situation to Zach and it had resulted in Zach believing that Tony had lost completed control of his bowel and stomach.
Peter fired his web fluid getting it around MJ’s shoulders and pulled her to a stop, he closed the distance between them in a few seconds and let out a whoop.
It was after all the tests had been concluded that the Doctor finally told him the extent of his injuries.
“Damnit!” Steve cursed, “Jarvis, wake everyone, Avengers Assemble.” He paused and looked at Ned and MJ, “You two come up to the Penthouse, you can make yourselves useful babysitting Zach until Pepper gets here.”
“Well he’s not slept that well.” Steve offered.
“I feel fine now.” Peter said, “I’m not tired, honest.”
Zach frowned at the cast and ran his fingers over it, “Hurt?” He asked.
“I like it better for a girl though.” Tony said, “I mean I know it can be a boys name but I prefer it for a girls name.”
Tony rolled his lips trying to look convinced of this but he clearly wouldn’t be until Peter was awake and talking.
“Tony?”
Teasing aside Tony was going to personally take Peter to get a new tux fitted for the prom and get him a crash course in dancing from Natasha so that Peter’s teenage clumsiness didn’t embarrass him at the prom and he could impress MJ with his dancing skills.
“I’m not leaving you, and Peter’s only in his bedroom, you can see him at bedtime.”
“I get surrounded by people like that, who are so busy agreeing with me to win my favour for something that they don’t hear a word I am saying. Barton isn’t like that. He listens and gives his genuine opinion. Maybe not what I always want to hear, but what I need to hear. I respect that, and as much as he drives me up the wall, I actually like the bird brained idiot!”
“He kinda is,” Clint reasoned, “I mean he’s older than you, and he’s bigger than you…”
It was done with the same eat shit, devil may care smirk and arrogant swagger as when Tony complimented himself, calling himself a genius, the worlds best playboy, the most handsome avenger etc. But if you looked closely, if you bothered to look at his eyes and study his expressions, then you could see that the swaggering and snark were nothing but a mask that Tony had been maintaining for years. That he hid behind as if it were armour, never showing the true depth of his emotions so that they could not be exploited.
“No.” Tony sobbed covering his ears with his hands, not this again, why did he keep coming back to this, why couldn’t he escape this hell?
“Get up here stellina.” Tony said patting the side of the bed, Zach didn’t need telling twice, he quickly scrambled up and lay down beside Tony, his head on Tony’s chest and little arm stretched over his stomach.
Bouncing forward Steve ran down the corridor, and leaped down the stairs, he tore into the large computer room that Jarvis had mentioned, he saw the suit in sentury mode and paused for a second before running through the tunnel and down the stairs to the lab where he felt his heart stutter to a stop in his chest.
That Howard had seen him as too weak and too inferior and had tried to fix him. Had experimented on him and nearly killed him.
“Hey Dad, what’s up?” Peter asked, taking his earphones off and laying them on the bed. He was stretched out with his laptop on his thighs and Espresso curled up on his lap. The cat looked up at Steve and blinked at him before laying his head back down and settling to continue his sleep.
“I will give this some thought.”
“What were you thinking?” Mr Leeds shouted at Ned. The pre-teen hung his head low, tears were glistening in his eyes and threatening to fall down his cheeks as he cringed under his parents disappointment and anger.
“It is not close to civilian population either, and it is also a place that could be made strategic.”
“Yes.” Steve said becoming serious, “Which is what I want to speak of today. M.S Potts has presented the world with the facts but I will give more context to them since certain people have decided to start laying blame unfairly at Tony’s door.”
“You must be hungry, you haven’t eaten in days.” Steve said as he came into the room, shutting door behind him and proceeded to sat himself in the chair besides the bed. Fuck, great, that meant he wouldn’t be going anywhere anytime soon.
Sucking in a deep breath Tony leaned forward and lifted his feet off the bottom of the pool. Once he was suspended in the water he began to swim, he kept his head above the water, swimming across the lake, there was a splash of water and soon Steve was beside him easily able to keep up.
“Wow, I wonder what he’s brought you.” Steve said, “We’d better go and wake everyone up so we can go and see.”
Norman was seething as he was finally allowed out of the police station. He’d been questioned for hours before his lawyer had finally gotten him released, and he was still ordered to remain in New York and make himself available to answer further questioning.
“Save it.” Rhodey snapped, “That’s not why we’re here.”
*****
“It’ll be okay.” He said, “We can get through this, together.” This brought a smile back to Steve’s face and he interlocked his fingers with Tony’s.
“Go to your room.” He told Peter in a dangerously calm voice.
“Its not good.” Bruce said looking at the blood pack, “Keep squeezing that.”
Meanwhile Peter and Zach would be growing up with strangers, possibly abusive strangers, or those who didn’t care about them so they were neglected.
Part of the Rockefeller centre
Pietro grinned at her kissed her cheek, “Hold that thought.” He suddenly sped off far too fast for anyone to see, Wanda smiled and continued walking, meeting up with Pietro at the end of the road where he was holding several wallets and purses having picked peoples pockets too fast for them to notice.
“It certainly has.” Steve said shaking the hosts hand as the camera finished and the connection was cut.
“Are you alright?” Steve was saying, his hand gently supporting Tony’s back and cupping his cheek to turn his pale face towards him.
That elation was short lived when he saw the bandages on Tony’s head and the fatigue and worry in his eyes which matched Steve’s expression. “Sorry.” He mumbled knowing he was the reason they were so upset and tired.
Damn Pepper and her good memory, damn her for being so smart. Damn his hormone frazzled brain for not being smarter about this.
Wanda’s magic hit Tony again, and he rolled with it, coming to stop in a familiar down fisted pose before aiming a shot at the witch, sending her running for cover.
“I’ll tell Pepper.”
“But what if it does?” Peter asked, “What if social services get involved?” He was old enough to know the risk of Social Services becoming involved, he’d already dealt with them when Tony first adopted him, he knew that if they wanted it they could remove him and Zach and drag Tony through the courts to prevent him from regaining custody. At their ages he and Zach were unlikely to be kept together, most likely they would be split up and sent to different foster homes in different states, possibly even state run homes. Tony might never get him and Zach home, him especially since they were not blood related.
They certainly didn't have Steve suddenly getting down on one knee and offering Tony a velvet box, a wide eyed and panicked look on his face as he waited for Tony's response.
Peter was less enthusiastic, he wasn’t at the age where school was fun and something to look forward to, he just missed being with his friends and was happy to be going back so he could spend time with Ned and MJ.
The Christmas tree was a good seven foot tall and everyone had fun hanging decorations upon it and wrapping it in tinsel, Steve lifted Zach up so he could place the star on the top of the tree when it was fully decorated.
Stark Tower
Shakily, Tony stepped out of his trousers and then doubled over as another cramp hit him, this one too strong to ignore and he cried out, falling to his knees and clenching his fists as the pain shot through him.
“Just settle down in there, okay little one?” He said to the baby, “Mamma needs to think.” He gulped, he was calling himself Mamma? He was talking to the baby? Well, it was his baby, was inside him, moving, kicking, and he might not have been aware of this baby until now but it was still his and he felt connected to him or her.
That was the big question of course, would Tony give up being Iron Man.
After what seemed like an eternity, Tony was finally released from the hospital and free from the confines of the back brace two things worth celebrating, which he and the others would be doing as soon as he got back to New York.
Jarvis in the vision armour stepped into the room drawn in by the nurse’s worried tones.
“Sam said theres a pot in the kitchen,” Steve replied neatly placing the damp towel over a rack on the back of the door.
“These are Gods gift to all women.” Pepper had declared when Tony had asked why she had such underwear despite having such a svelte shape. Apparently, they created the perfect smooth outline.
“Just get down, Stark!” She grunted, struggling to hold him, as he barrel rolled. Wanda, who’d been taking another shot at him, managed to hit Natasha, blasting her off Tony’s back.
“Tony can you hear me?” Bruce asked, he was naked except for the stretchy pants that Tony had made him, and his body was covered in goosebumps from the cold, he was shivering as he reached for Tony’s other wrist and felt for a pulse.
“We hit the ground running.” Natasha said, “Kill anything that moves. Wanda, you take the perimeter, clear a path into the base, Sam, Rhodey, take out any air support they might have, Friday, find any weapons systems and disable them. Clint, get to whatever high ground to can and cover our asses, Vision, you faze into the building, find Tony, disable or kill any Hydra asshole near him, Steve, you and me will handle the ground teams and get into that base.”
"I'll wait here." She said.
“Cool.” Peter agreed happily following Steve, keen to get to burning some of his pent up energy and hopefully deal with some of his anxiety, and to get to the reward of junk food after.
“I do.” Steve said raising his chin in his usual, I am Captain America and I am not taking any of your bullshit manner. “You are going to say something like, “I don’t have to do this,” or, “You should walk away Steve, I’ll only be a burden to you.”
