Hearing Natasha talk through everything she had observed was like a light bulb going off in Steve’s head. Years ago he had begun noticing these acts of kindness and love from Tony, but they’d been brushed off so often that Steve had stopped paying attention. If what Natasha was saying was true, there might be a chance for them. A chance Steve had stopped hoping for around mistaken love interest number three.
I mean, he shouldn’t be surprised. There’s no way that he could keep up with the Genius part of what made Tony Tony. It was perfectly natural that someone who could keep up with his mind would be infinitely more attractive to Tony than anything Steve could hope to offer him. Still, until something happened that proved it conclusively - Steve was trying not to jump to conclusions. He’d done it twice before, once with Rhodey and then again with thinking that Tony’s declarations of love were for his new and mysterious partner rather than for his beloved AI. Something that he’d soon realised after he found his way into the workshop one too many times when Tony was high on a breakthrough and just spouting sonnets at JARVIS… who would have blushed if it was possible!
Sitting bolt upright, he reached out a hand towards the woman opposite him. “He doesn’t know, does he?!” Steve half shouted, the very idea that Tony had known making him feel sick with worry. He couldn’t lose his friendship with Tony just because of a little thing like love.
*********************
It was from there that Natasha started gathering more data. Steve was rarely obvious about his feelings but as time went on there were a number of moments that stood out. Apart from the time with Rhodey, she had noticed that Steve would stop wistfully looking at Tony (and even give him more space than usual) every time he thought he’d found out about Tony being in a relationship. There was the time in the workshop with JARVIS, the time in the lift with Bruce, the time on the sofa with Pepper, and most recently the time in the workshop with Peggy. Each time Steve’s emotional response got stronger and his determination to pull himself away from Tony got stronger. It obviously hadn’t really worked, they were teammates but also good friends and that wasn’t something you could just turn off. That said, the completely resigned face that Steve had pulled on the anniversary of Peggy’s death had made Natasha consider that she might have to do something. Especially in light of what Tony had admitted.
“Steve, look at me, look at me”, Natasha lightly shook Steve’s arm as she tried to get his attention. “It’s all fine, deep breaths. I don’t think anyone else really knows but that’s not the important bit…” “Not the important bit!” Steve interrupted, “What could be more important than whether people know about my feelings?!” It was evident that she probably only had one more chance to salvage this conversation before Steve was so anxious that he wouldn’t listen or believe anything she said.
“It would appear so, Sir. Although I haven’t seen that particular look on his face before.”
For Steve it felt like the whole world had stopped. His body went from the beginnings of a panic attack, that feeling in his chest he last remembered from over 70 years ago in a body so very different to this one, to a sudden and abrupt stop. His entire being froze as his brain tried to make sense of what his ears had just heard. He swallowed thickly as he rebooted with this new information, Natasha’s words bouncing around his head bringing up all sorts of feelings.
“...I miss you so much Aunt Peggy. I wish you were here. You’d love the team, and JARVIS and the bots. and I know you’d love to meet up with Steve again. I have to tell you, he’s grown on me over the years and now I find that I honestly don’t know what I’d do without him. It’s why I’ve decided to do nothing about how I feel about him. Being his friend and having him in my life is much better than blurting out my feelings and having him potentially leave me forever. Not to mention the team dynamics, and the fact that he’s so out of my league it’s almost funny. No, I think you’d be proud of my self control, it was something you always said I could work harder on!”
“Hello Tony love, I can’t believe how long it’s been since we last spoke.”
“I can’t wait to tell people” Tony mumbled sleepily, eyes blinking rapidly as the heavy weight of too manys hours awake finally begun to take their toll. “You’re the best science bro a man could need Brucey-bear” he said whilst clumsily pawing at Bruce’s shoulder with one hand.
Bruce looked like he was an enigma wrapped in a mystery but really he was a man of very simple needs. Something that had obviously become a necessity as he spent years of his life moving and trying to stay under the radar. Give Bruce his favourite tea, the time to brew it slowly in his favourite teapot, and a skyline and he was happy. The added bonus was time in his lab and a chance to get away and have solitude if he needed it - especially as that was respected by all his teammates. Space to be himself and to not have to worry about Hulk was the key to Bruce’s happiness.
Not many people knew about Tony’s Aunt Margaret. Those that did knew that she’d been one of little Tony’s constants, a planet he could orbit around whenever she was in reach and whose approval and love were things that motivated little Tony in ways his parents could never quite understand. Between her and the original Jarvis, Tony had his compass points by which he could navigate the world.
It hadn’t taken Steve very long really, when he looked back. Some might even call it a pitiful amount of time for him to go from squaring up to Mr Stark on the helicarrier to a full blown crush on Tony - the wonderful man who gave him a home in his tower. That it took some time to move from a crush to something resembling love was probably only a surprise to Steve - but only because his experience with the emotion was fairly limited even for a man in his nineties.
Steve jolted, his whole body wanting to run away as his fight or flight instincts kicked it. Desperately afraid that this was the moment that Tony rejected him and he lost everything that made this century feel like home.
She couldn’t wait to tell Pepper.
Bruce and Tony’s science bro relationship was something that none of the other Avengers really understood but they could all recognise how special it was. Bruce tempered some of Tony’s more impulsive behaviours, and Tony helped bring Bruce out of his shell and flattered his big science brain. The two of them together were a formidable force, those not well equipped could find themselves lost in techno science babble in under five minutes, but they achieved great results.
Seeing that her work was basically done here, Natasha climbed off the sofa and quickly left the room neither of the other occupants taking any notice of her as they sat close together on the sofa and gazed softly at each other.
Whereas Tony had been coming up with ways to make Steve’s life easier for years now, even going so far as to finding old recipe books so he could recreate some of Steve’s childhood favourites, and then making sure that the common rooms were never too cold or that a blanket or two was always in reach of the soldier incase he started to feel a chill. Steve had barely noticed, mostly because Tony had shrugged off the thanks so many times, diverted attention away from the things he had done to make Steve happy and bring a smile to his face.
Natasha can’t quite remember the first time she noticed that Steve had a thing for Tony. If she was honest there was some UST from the moment they first met but at that time there were bigger things to worry about and it was filed away for her to think about at another time.
Of all the reactions Natasha was expecting to her question, the rapid paleing of Steve’s face and the genuine fear in his voice was absolutely not one of them. Quickly realising that her plan might very soon be completely ruined, Natasha reached across and grasped Steve’s forearm.
It was difficult, especially as he hadn’t said anything, but it honestly felt like the universe was against him! First he thought Tony was taken because of Rhodey, then he’d mistook Tony’s love declarations to JARVIS as proof that he had a lover. Then there was the ‘kiss’ he’d witnessed in the lift between Tony and Bruce that evidently didn’t mean anything judging by Bruce’s fairly firm denial of anything more than bro-mance feelings for Tony after Clint had seen the ‘kiss’ from the vents and so pounced on an opportunity to tease his teammates about it. That had felt like enough obstacles that Steve was starting to wonder if he should just resign himself to his feelings never being given free rein. But then there was Pepper.
His Highness' palace was great and the throne room lavish in equal measures. King Fury had not been the one to have it built; he had simply struck down the man who had sat on the throne before him. Alexander Pierce had been little more than a tyrant and the Kingdom including its people was gladdened to be rid of him.
Tony thinks he hears something muttered underneath the mans breath that sounds a whole lot like, “You’re a menace, Carbonell,” but he is already slipping away.
Their plan works out. It's nerve-wrecking and every minute detail has the power to ruin their scheme, but they make it, with a slight detour to the 70s. Only Clint returns alone and guilt-ridden, the Soul Stone in his hand and Natasha gone.
"I was. I serve under Lord Rhodes now," she said easily, pulling a knife from her belt to impale a chunk of cooked mutton on its tip. Natalia eyed the man quietly as she took reasonably-sized bites from her meal, mirroring his previous predatory smile when the Lord backed away, looking disheartened at her display.
He needs to take precautions. Build failsafes. That’s what he does, what any engineer turned futurist should. Even if he doesn’t make it, he can still be of use. He can pass on the understandings he's come to, can mull over the details of the battle lost—if only for the sake of not going insane while they're trapped on this ship.
What’s he been thinking? He isn’t ready to go belly up in these mountains, isn’t ready to do the same in Red Rock either, for that matter. He needs redemption over salvation, still has– things to make up for, something, anything to do before– before they bury him face down and nobody’s ever going to look at his grave twice because he doesn’t have anyone left to care whether he lives or dies.
Against all odds and to his friend's evident astonishment, he listens to Pepper and brings in a team of professionals to advise him. Tony pretends to contemplate his options, but there’s no real decision to be made. He doesn’t need Steve for this. It’s the 21st century, people do the pregnant-and-single thing all the time. How hard can it be?
Always is a long time for someone like Steve.
Far was it from Tony not to take on a challenge, though.
"Boy, this is gonna be awkward. Alright, J, give us human biology 101 here, please. And throw some charts and graphics in. But, uh, those that make the unsightly details easier on the eye, not worse."
you,” Tony wheezes through another sob, and there is more fervor in it than Steve expects. It’s honest. Stripped to his core components, there would be no way for Tony to lie. He hopes it’s the heat of the moment. He hopes there will be something left to salvage, after this. (But even if Tony does hate him for years to come, it’ll have been worth it, if he’s just alive.)
The descent takes longer than the way up ever did. Tony frowns as he stores the pocket watch back inside his coat, and clicks his tongue to spur his horse back into a walk. Three hours already and he's still way off from the meeting spot. Yeah, well – he neither accounted for the fact that four mules are much damn harder to handle than a measly two nor that the masses of snow covering the trail are more difficult to negotiate now than back during their ride up.
He hopes the heightened temperature and the chills that occasionally shake him mean his body is fighting the local infection and not a first sign of sepsis–if it's the latter, there will be nothing for him to do but to watch Tony die.
“I love you too,” Tony whispers, quiet but just as sure in return. The words almost get punched out of him. “Always have–”
"Let us take care of it, умняшка," Nat said softly, addressing Tony who had evidently been trying to suppress the sound indicative of his pain for a while. Steve felt a twinge of guilt, knowing he should've noticed sooner even through the hazy veil of excitement and lust.
Not at first, anyway. It’s not a nightmare (he stopped getting those a long time ago), and not somebody else shaking him awake. Most of the wagon he’s in is still asleep – even Bucky in the bunk under him.
Another three months. Just three more months and he's done with this. He has survived worse.
They’re both going to need more. Tony breaks the kiss that wasn’t so much of a kiss as a messy exchange of saliva, and bats Steve's hand away from his cock to put it back on his waist along with the other one. Steve doesn’t need to be told twice.
"So," Tony prompts, resolving to get it over with, "what's the occasion? Is this one of the minor anniversaries? First kiss? First time you left your toothbrush in my bathroom, maybe? Uh, first time I farted during–"
Anthony Stark is his.
“And who might you be?” Anthony asked, interest coloring his voice a deeper octave as he laid eyes on the stranger. He took the swordman’s offered hand and braced himself on his broad shoulder to be able to step down onto the ground.
They’ve been together like this considerably often since Tony’s return, after Tony collapsed into his arms with tearless sobs and bloodshot eyes. After they talked and cried, holding onto one another as grief and relief washed over them. There’s a special place in his heart for all these memories of their most intimate moments together, a reminder that even the wounds thought unfixable could scab and heal with time. With time, loss, dust and blood.
Tony thinks, risking a glance at the man across from him, hat pushed up on his head. It’s baring his face, covered in a full beard that is darker than his golden hair, the skin beneath tinged red from the cold and blue eyes darker than they ever are during the day.
Tony didn’t choose to work with (or, heaven forbid, for) this man, but it’s not like he has any say in the matter. Tony has chosen the Accords. He has not–and this can’t be stressed enough–chosen Ross to keep them in check. The guy’s a necessary evil, all but unaware of this title Tony has not-so secretly ascribed to him and he uses every opportunity to act the part.
With effort, Tony turns and presses his face into Steve’s shirt, inhaling the faint scent one last time. This night is full of last times.
"How--"
funny all by itself? After almost meeting his death in the boundless void of outer space, one might think he would’ve chosen not to step foot in a spaceship anytime soon. It's been five years alright, but sometimes -- sometimes he still dreams, and whenever the memory does come crawling back, it’s enough to deja-vu him right back to those nights he's spent tinkering riddled with insomnia and existential terror after New York.
Tony trails behind the group, keeping his gaze locked onto Rogers who is far ahead taking the lead, steering them out of the narrow mountain basin they found the herd in.
"There you are."
Maybe the disgruntlement that's welling up inside him shows in his expression, because Steve breaks their eye-contact a moment later as he lowers his head to press a few pecks along his hairline.
Bruce attempted to make quick (but precise) work of it, feeling along the mottled skin to evaluate the severity of the injury. Lord Stark only hissed and inhaled steadying breaths but not once moaned aloud, which he filed away as another positive.
He stops and exhales an exhausted sigh, as if the prospect alone has already drained him of all his energy. Then, he hums in thought. "Should've just planted something, huh?"
Steve’s hands curl into fists at his side.
When there's no immediate answer from Steve, Tony nods to himself and pushes himself off the doorframe. "I'm tired," he says softly in a way of goodnight. The shadows underneath his eyes suggest he means it in a physical sense, but Steve doesn't doubt it's also true in almost every other way of interpretation.
The next sensation comes in form of hands on his face and neck, gentle but insistent. Whoever is touching him taps his cheek, once, twice, and then harder a third time. It's unbearable. Even the thought of opening his eyes makes him groan with pain, yet this person seems determined to make him look into their eyes as he dies.
Shit. Shitshitshitshit. What now? Did he miss an anniversary? No, JARVIS would've reminded him. Steve's birthday? His own birthday? No, Central Park is orange, their birthdays aren't in fall–
Tony’s attention shifts, then, and his eyes lock onto his bandaged limb next to him while he chokes on a noise that is both a sob and a laugh. With a strain that makes his features twist into something pained, he lifts the butchered arm and stares. He begins to shake his head as though him rejecting the idea of it could reverse what has been done, his jaw slack, a litany of murmured disbelief tumbling from his lips.
Except Tony's hand fists the front of Steve's shirt, clutching the material in a forceful hold, and his bottom lip trembles as he says, "It was you, that time."
"Sure, anything you want. Next time."
He doesn't have it in him to bring it up that very night, but the next day he mentions the rather obvious fact while they’re preparing lunch.
guess what: i'm not dead! turns out what i needed to get my ass in gear is a pandemic and government-decreed self-isolation. fun.
He was anticipating Rogers’ reaction, which, after a moment’s hesitation on the part of the man, turned out to be a startled laugh. “I am under the impression that it is yourself you’re speaking of,” he said, returning the compliment en passant.
It turned out her worries were entirely unfounded, as Sir Rhodes was, despite his position in the Iron Guard, not one to abuse it for evil. Many became prone to wrongdoings once they had tasted a sip from the goblet of power, but this one seemed just as earnest as the day he had been when he asked for young Carol's hand.
Steve recalls the very beginning, when he'd had them reverse-engineer the NEMNP to modify its output and give it a power dial: Tony had taken seven attempts to make it to the desk even on the lowest setting. These days, they're up to four and he's walking. Steve sees how that may turn out to be a problem one day, predicts it even, but it's a problem he will address another day.
super-soldier all over him, lots of other bodily sensations come back to him too. At his feet, he feels water lapping at him tirelessly, and the sand between his fingers tells him that some miraculous power has spit them back out at the shore of a body of water. Tony's 99% sure there wasn't even a trace of water or similar chemical compounds to be found on Vormir last he checked, so this particular development definitely promises to be a head-scratcher.
Well, then. That was good to know, except the person whose opinion he cared for most still hadn't answered. But as was to be expected, when Steve regarded Tony, the man was smirking at him in a way that was not to be mistaken for anything but approval. He looked downright eager, even.
Tony's voice is quiet, subdued, like he's hoping Steve won't be able to pick up his words nor ask him to repeat them.
"Here, let me," Steve says, very close, the side of his face pressed against Tony's. He's pretty sure the sweat that's making their skin stick together like that is his own, and why is he so warm all of a sudden?
Steve watches Tony’s lips twitch with the knee-jerk urge to object, to maybe give a reply along the lines of
Carol spoke, indeed, though she chose to withhold the more unpleasant details of the encounter. "I decided to keep my observations to myself. They need not know I happened to come across this, ah, private scene," she finished, regarding the other woman with an expectant gaze.
This is pure. The rapid rise and fall of Stark's chest, the tremble of his hands as he bats at Steve's spit-wet fingers around his limp cock, how his carefully crafted exterior crumbles and exposes the animalistic instinct of
When Anthony had grown old enough to run and play, they became inseparable and remained it even after his mother's presence was no longer required. The young Stark, unwilling to leave his side any time soon and vocally expressing this unwillingness, soon broke his lady mother's last resolve. Lady Maria could never deny her son wishes such as these, so when the time came for them to leave, she requested James' mother stay housed in the castle as her own waiting maid.
Tony bites his lip. Then, in spite of everything telling him not to, he rotates where he's standing and looks over his shoulder. Huh. Yeah, well, can't expect your ass to look like it did three decades ago, but… he's still up to par in that department. It's presumably only thanks to all those thousands of squats he's done that it has sustained as little damage as it has – one good news in a fuckton of bad ones. He'll take what he can get.
They draw side by side for a while. Steve, as per Maria's wish, makes the central topic of his piece nautics-related. He quickly sketches parts of a pirate ship, the flag with skull and crossbones on display. Behind the ship's wheel is a slightly taller version of her, sporting an appropriate outfit for the occasion complete with eye-patch, hook hand and parrot.
Reality, on the other hand, comes crashing into him in a tidal wave of nonsensical truths and pulls him under, and there underneath the surface, he sees that it's all been but the tip of the iceberg.
The rest of the house is still quiet, its inhabitants asleep after yesterday's eventful evening. Steve sees to it that his journey downstairs into the kitchen doesn't disturb them; he's already done enough damage and desperately wants to avoid waking Tony anytime before eight o'clock. Steve is willing to bet the ten bucks he's got to his name that Tony Stark is not a morning person in
That thought is what keeps Steve away, in the end, until sleep eventually takes him.
being held.
Tony gasps, more out of surprise than pain. His fingers curl around Steve’s bicep and he shoots him a
After the snap, they lose.
“Think I met my maker there for a second,” Tony jokes. Steve hums in agreement as he brushes one hand through his sweat-damp hair, scratching his scalp gently. “And to think you almost decided to miss out on that,” he tuts, grin plastered across every syllable, “unbelievable.”
He looks old. Tony knows he's starting down the path where he could get his picture put next to the Oxford Dictionary entry for
"I love this about you," Steve says,
This is weird. Tony feels weird.
It isn't his place. It
The thing is, that's not an exaggeration. Steve
The sound causes the hair on the back of his neck to stand and the blood to freeze right there in his veins. He isn’t able to pick out the nuance of it in the first moment; if he were, he would’ve known not to mistake it for a sound of the undead, and he wouldn’t have jumped to his feet and pointed his hunting knife at the man on the bed.
The omega retracts his hand and pulls his leg tighter against himself, seemingly reminded of his vulnerable state all at once in the face of Steve’s scorn. “See,” Stark lowers his voice and looks around, blinking against the lights overhead, ”your plan is missing one key component and without it, this revolution is over before it’s even started. If you’re lucky, you’ll get past the first few gates, but then? Next time a door opens, they’ll come prepared. And you’re going to hope they kill you right there on the spot, because everything that comes after is worse.”
Lord Howard was as hard a father as he was a ruler and had always been sparing with praise when it came to his son’s achievements, but quick to raise his voice (or hand) if Anthony stepped out of line or so much as uttered a thing he did not approve of.
Whoops. Evidence suggests some of that may have made it past the filter. Honest mistake. Tony quirks an eyebrow at Steve in the mirror and does a lazy half-shrug to say, 'What? It's true, anyway'.
They were joined by Anthony's guards, one Steven Rogers, and another small party sent by the King that was James' to lead. The days of travel back to familiar territory appeared longer than those to King's Landing had ever been, although James mused this might stem from his own anticipation for what was to come.
“Fuck me now, Rogers?”
Steve winces, but doesn't avert his gaze. Tony's not wrong – it's different now, and he might make things worse with his good intentions. But then, he thinks of never quite being able to look away, never quite managing to say
for miles on end–leaves nothing whatsoever to be desired.
Steve just looks at him, hands still on his waist and pointedly not moving anywhere near his erection.
And perhaps, he isn't the only one out of the out of the two of them who is fighting tooth and nail to keep certain things under covers.
Finally, he allows himself to slump on the floor next to Tony’s side of the bed, one arm outstretched so as to allow his fingers to stay pressed against Tony's neck and the steady pulse of blood through the carotid artery underneath. The rhythmic beat against his fingertips lifts an oppressive weight off Steve’s chest, one that he makes sure to put back in its intended place immediately. This is no time for alleviation.
When he’s recollected himself enough to make his eyes stop burning, he looks back up. Tony is watching him, his expression pondering, but his gaze shifts off to the side once Steve returns it.
Stark makes a deliberate pause, dragging out the moment of silence. Steve rises both brows in clear displeasure and signals him to go on, impatient. This better be good.
When he pushes the door open, he finds Tony not buried in the guts of a car, or below one, or just tinkering with any piece of tech at all. Instead, he's sitting at the workbench at the far wall of the room, holograms throwing streaks of blue all over the otherwise dimly lit room.
He gets a scoff in response – something that was maybe meant to be a chuckle but came out less humorous and more snide. The man studies him for another moment, expression unreadable. Finally, he waves the others to him and says, "I can see that. A'ight, boys, get 'em over here."
The agents hurry from one corner of the property to the other to store everything back in the vans they arrived in before the rain announcing itself on the horizon sets in. One man gives Tony, watching from the sidelines with a smug quirk to his lips and crossed arms, the dirty side-eye as he jogs past.
The wrong Steve lays his palm over Tony’s heart, tilts his head and frowns a little. Feels it breaking, maybe, whether physically or the other way is hard to tell.
wanting to come home to your wife and daughter an egocentric motivation? It shouldn't be. He made a promise to Morgan, first and foremost. He promised he'd be there. Breaking that promise would be-- It would turn him into all the things he's always sought to avoid.
sleeve, but you get the gist. Plus, he can be awfully efficient when he wants to be, and since he likes taking long showers anyway, he might as well use the opportunity for some added fun.
Wanted to be wrecked and desecrated even when there were so many things hinting at the inherent wrongness of the act, and he’s a sick bastard, isn’t he, fuck–
So instead, he continues to sit there as Tony cries beside him, the space between them made insurmountable by what feels like a year's but is only a month's worth of confusing, contradicting emotions.
Because what Tony sees is– “I think you like how I fit, ah, into you, and how we look with each other because it looks like we belong. I remember you saying you love seeing the lines when I,
“Why din’t you wake me up?” he asks, voice rugged with sleep.
"I am just as capable as any of your men," Carol said and pointed to the couple of guards that lay unconscious by the drawbridge. "And anyone in your position with their wits together, Lord Stark, would allow me at least a chance to prove myself as a member of their guard."
As he spoke, he was leaning in closer. Before Steven could think to respond, Anthony pressed warm lips upon his, and it was as if his mouth had a mind of its own, because it reciprocated the other's kisses with fervor and no regard for the voice of logic in his mind.
Tony’s lifted onto the horse, one leg at first, and then Rogers pushes him up with a strained grunt. The whimper he utters as his injured ankle is stirred with the movement comes out more like a hoarse gurgle. The other man pauses and assesses his reaction. Then he puts a boot in the stirrup and sits down behind, or, or in front of Tony? He’s facing Tony, which makes no sense, because– oh. Tony’s sitting in the saddle the wrong way around, back turned toward the front of the horse.
One of his hands reaches out to support himself on Steve’s arm as he lifts himself from his lap and halfway to his knees until he feels only the tip of Steve’s cock left in him. A soft moan escapes him as he sinks down, the pleasant friction causing the desire pooling in his abdomen to flare back up in the same way a puddle of gasoline will take to a lit match.
As per Steve's request, he looks at the reflection in the mirror. Steve has his chin propped up on the crown of his head and smiles meaningfully at him.
Tony uttered a
Tony gets to stay outside and rub the animals dry with some straw while Rogers makes to start a fire. He had the idea to protest, of course – why does
is a team effort. We can't reduce all that work to something so superficial, hm?"
From up close, the scene is different than from afar. Tony is silent and his eyes are empty, gaze fixed onto an irrelevant point far in the distance. Steve would've thought him dead if not for his ragged breathing, the sound itself screaming of agony. Pepper's words are consoling, reassuring him in those last moments to give him the peace Tony hasn't allowed himself all his life.
Tony does
“And, Stark?”
Then, the latter pauses, replaced by shuffling steps on wooden flooring that decrease in volume. It takes a moment, and the music stops as well; for a second, there's nothing. After the brief silence, the music comes back on and the steps return, now approaching.
“You look like you might be desperate enough to try,” Steve retorts, unimpressed.
Thinking is a waste of his energy reserves, but he could never help it, and he can't now. It’s the one thing he’s always excelled at, his mind always his one last resort. Ironic, isn’t it, how the very quality that turned him into Iron Man is now wasting away with every minute that passes and every breath he takes.
but you."
They settle into a slow, almost gentle rhythm. Usually, they find themselves on the other end of that spectrum, both too impatient to slow down. Tony also has an easier time getting off when Steve's using all that super-soldier stamina and coordination to jackhammer him into the mattress (or other inanimate objects) until he's guaranteed to be too sore to walk, but this is surprisingly nice.
"Hey yourself," Steve answered, taken aback at the sound of his own voice. He used the time he needed to clear his throat to change their position, laying down to spoon Tony, still inside of him. "Was that good? Everything you hoped for?"
Whatever Rogers might've meant by those words – and Tony still has no way to tell, although he does have suspicions – maybe it's something that they have in common, that they share. Tony doesn't dare hope, but sometimes he catches the man looking, movement of his pencil paused as his eyes linger on Tony. Usually, he will avert his gaze as soon as their eyes meet and return to his work; on a rare occasion, they both remain frozen in place, staring as if it is a challenge, and it takes one of them to crumble and give for the moment to end.
He offers an elaborate explanation anyway, because talking to tune out the feelings of dread settling heavy in his stomach is the only thing that'll keep him from screaming in frustration at this point.
After a few half-hearted nods and
Come next week, his to-do list is stuffed to the brink with projects and his head spinning with dozens of concepts not yet written down. Once he discovers the extent of obsolete technology in this field he’s just touched on, he can't bring himself to stop. And if it's an escape from the event that triggered it all, well. He's had worse coping mechanisms in his time.
“Were they afraid? Afraid of what you are, what you’ve become?” he asks, not receiving an answer beyond a choked groan as he roughly twists his fingers around the man’s erection. “I know what you really are, Stark. You’re nothing to be afraid of.”
Natasha looked up and shook her head at him, nearly imperceptible but obvious to someone who knew what to look for. Either Steve's pinched expression revealed what he was thinking or she was the mind reader he'd long since suspected her to be. Then, she returned to brushing her fingers over the side of Tony's face, tracing the line of his eyebrow, the curve of his cheekbone and the edge of his jaw. She followed the impeccable cut of his goatee to his mouth, where her fingers promptly slipped past his lips.
Rogers' already palpable suspicion doesn't intensify. Instead, his stance in the saddle seems to loosen, and he nods at Tony as if they have come to some kind of understanding. He doesn't answer and his gaze is fixed on the cabin in the distance, and Tony has no clue what in the world just happened, but he'll take it. Rather that than having the man think he's a criminal on the loose – not that there's much difference there from a moral perspective, but the man doesn't know that.
It makes sense, now, why the place seemed familiar but unrecognizable at the same time – he's only ever driven through the forest, but the destination at the end of the road stuck with him.
"And," Steve says, dark blue gaze twinkling with mischief just before he goes down on him again, "I think you know this is beautiful."
He locks one hand around the man’s jaw and Stark seems to not even have the presence of mind to be alarmed by it. Understandable. All else has comparatively minimal priority when your body notices a lack of oxygen in your bloodstream. Steve remembers that vividly from when they put him in the ice.
Everything he can do now is end it. Steve puts as much force into the next downward swing as possible; there’s a crunch, something that indicates he must be through the bone now, finally. Tony utters another blood-curdling scream and Steve's never despised himself more than in this very moment, drenched in the blood of the man he loves. Tony’s arm in his grip twitches violently still, his head bowed over the counter and turned away as if he might turn away from the agony and it might stop.
Somebody sobs. It's Pepper, her body shaking as her head falls to her chest after she's kissed Tony's temple for a last time. When his legs buckle and he sinks to his knees, Steve understand it's not just her grief he's heard. His vision blurs through a veil of tears and his first inhale in what must have been minutes of holding his breath is an ugly, choked sob that shakes him in his core.
She hastily turned and exited the armory, posting herself at the entrance to ensure nobody else was going to stumble upon the scene inside.
Steve feels like he’s missing a puzzle piece. This Tony isn’t with Pepper, so who–
," he says, voice dipping lower at the last word. Alright, he rejects Tony's thoughts on that one, that's not new. "This is amazing. Look at the fella I scored. You think that scrawny kid from Brooklyn ever thought he'd have more than a snowball's chance in hell of getting this?
Steve’s expression remains suspiciously neutral. "I don't… What are you talking about, Tony?"
He’s pulled down for another kiss by a hand in his hair. It’s a little uncoordinated; they meet with noses and teeth colliding but refuse to separate. When they do eventually part, Steve stays there, half bent over Tony to lean his forehead against the other man’s, watching Tony’s eyes crinkle with a mischievous smile. The next moment, he gives Steve’s dick a provocative squeeze and
Steven stared for a moment, stunned to the point his mouth fell agape. Then, he slumped into the overstuffed armchair behind, pinching the bridge of his nose in soundless defeat.
Rhodey notices, and offers cuddles (more than usual). Tony accepts (more than usual). Pepper, in a way of solidarity, offers as well, although she seems mystified about the concept, what with her being a beta and not partaking in the more odd aspects of the other two dynamics. In spite of all this, she’s always made an effort to put up with his moods and that’s more than Tony can ask for.
Steve found him when Hi-dra couldn't.
They had met only by happenstance in his Aunt May’s alehouse, where Peter had been helping serve patrons and clean crockery ever since he was entrusted to her care after his parents died. He’d been too young to understand back then, and so he was never told what had truly transpired on that day – he knew now they had found their end through another’s hand, and that was quite enough.
One moment, there's sweet nothingness. The next, his body is numb and burning all at once, but the fire is part of him now, hot and lethal though it runs through his veins. He can distantly sense a hard, cold surface beneath him. There's voices, loud but far away, fuelling the sharp ringing in his ears.
offended that Steve thought it acceptable to skip the morning cuddles. Tony allows himself to lounge for a while, peels the sheets off and lets the sunlight warm his skin. Only for a while, because then he sees the number blinking at him from the digital clock on the nightstand and figures he’ll at least be in for some pancakes if he gets up now.
hands now rubbing up and down his sides and finally resting at his waist. His hands are big and his fingers splay out wide above Tony's stomach, the difference in their complexion strikingly pleasing to the eye. His hold tightens a fraction, and it makes for a sense of security that Tony subconsciously latches onto amidst the newness of the situation.
While Tony slowly rises to his feet and wipes the worst of the grime into a well-used towel, his daughter is already speeding past him toward the house. Steve's gaze trails after the girl making her way over the lawn at astounding velocity – she really
“Will do,” Steve mumbles against his neck, pressing a fleeting kiss there. It stings and he winces, which in turn has Steve voicing an apology.
as always, all mistakes are mine. enjoy the read!
Beneath him, the other man shudders, finally reaching his climax at the sensation of Steve tying them together.
Stark moans, wanting and remonstrating at the same time. Then, all at once surprisingly coherent, he lifts his head and mutters through a croon, "How long's it been, hm? Bet you're–just
"Jeez, Tony, you're," Steve's voice is breathy, and he has to swallow before he continues. "You're so–I can't believe you'd think you can't keep up with
Tony's tirade is interrupted by his own surprised yelp as the air is punched out of him. Steve has moved,
FRIDAY tells him the same, and Tony tells her to talk less and speed up instead, despite the obvious fact that she's more than capable of doing both simultaneously.
Lord Stark raised a brow, expectant.
well?
For a second, there’s nothing.
“Jesus fuckin’
Peter swallowed. Well, if Anthony was convinced… he certainly had to have put many a thought in this decision.
On one particular day, Siree Danvers made her way into the armory when the sun already stood low on the horizon.
Nobody would ever find his body up here.
Peter had. Although he had never pried, it had been quite hard to avoid. He had long decided that it did not change anything; Anthony Stark had seen his potential in disregard of everything that may have another of his status turn his back before he'd even taken a proper look at his true capabilities and qualities.
Steve smiles, satisfied. He shifts between Tony's legs, broadening his stance, and brings his forearm down above his head while his other hand supports Tony by the hip. Tony doesn't think about how his fingers sink into the soft patch there. He thinks about it even less once Steve starts rocking into him.
In any case, conversations with Clint the archer often reverted back to gossip, which prominently featured Lord Stark and his rather gossip-worthy relation to Sir Rogers. Bruce was still of the firm belief that none of it concerned him, yet he was forced to fold when Barton inquired his opinion on the affair and insisted he answer truthfully.
"Deal."
Sighing dramatically, the brunet buried his nose in the crook of Steven's neck and made no further attempts to move. His breath was warm on the knight's skin and it took a not insignificant amount of willpower to pry Anthony off his chest instead of hugging him closer.
Tony sits down on the porch of the saloon, looking up at the stars in silence until the men inside finally have had enough and bury the hatchet.
but then swallows audibly and his next breath is shaky. "I, look, I burn hot, and I usually have some things to help me… cope. Thought I'd have another week, and by then we'd have either made it to the front or kicked the bucket, but,
“Yeah,” Steve says. “Anthony, no?”
Tony clears his throat. It's still raw, and his next inhale is deeper and by extent also more painful.
Tony would know. Tony has spent a considerable amount of time in Red Rock's only saloon, a sad little place crammed in between the even grimmer looking general store and a building proclaiming itself a bank despite not having seen a single dollar note in half a decade.
She stayed positioned at the armory until two pairs of feet approached from behind; then, the master-at-arms strode back inside, amicably greeting the men she'd caught in the act without their knowledge. Anthony's burgundy vest seemed to have been buttoned the wrong way, but she knew better than to stare or waste a word on it.
Steve thinks.
The fold between Steve's brows deepens. Set on keeping up the play, then. He puts his fork down and lays his hands facedown on the table, but instead of matching Tony's playful tone, the words that come out of him are serious. "I don't know what you're talking about."
“I can distract them while you run,” Tony says, voice steely and mouth a hard line that almost doesn’t tremble. He’s always been selfless and stupidly reckless in such a way that comes with that kind of selflessness. Steve has enough of that himself, and he doesn’t even consider the ludicrous offer.
For the moment, he makes himself swallow the panic simmering beneath the surface and moves on.
The next morning – that's what it is, although they have long stopped to distinguish night and day because there's no such thing here, in this part of the train that shields them from every aspect of the frozen outside world, including vision – when he wakes up, Bucky is soon to arrive by his bed.
“This? Now?”
In the end, his train of thought does a 360, because he’s known all of this from the start: chances of undoing what’s been done are slim, Tony’s going to (rightfully) kick him out soon, he’ll be back in SHIELD’s roster whether he likes it or not, and by now, Bucky and Sam have most likely begun to entertain the idea that he’s apparently bailed on them once and for all.
His hair was plastered to his forehead, skin flushed, bottom lip littered with teeth marks, eyes dark and the gleam in them sultry. He was filthy, the personification of Steve's dirtiest, most carnal desire, and drop-
There's a party at the tower later at night and he's supposed to put in an appearance.
“Oh,” Tony says, deflating. “So he didn’t– Sorry.”
“I mean, I’ll have to earn my keep somehow,” he counters, shrugging. Tony looks like he wants to argue, but doesn’t. They eat in silence until JARVIS speaks up, informing Tony that his daughter is already headed outside, closely monitored by the A.I. itself.
He watches her do the same thing Tony did to scent him – she tilts her head toward him and sniffs, confusion apparent as her brows furrow in response to the results she gets.
life? That's… achievable. Tony won't want him around here forever, but he can imagine striking some kind of deal with Fury – a house, somewhere quiet, to forget about the guilt on the good days and make the regret sting a little less sharp on the bad ones. And in exchange, well.
Not even a Lord as well-liked as Lord Stark would have all the people's good will in a matter where old, misplaced sentiments were as indisputable as time itself.
She would not lower herself to a level that would allow her to speak to this man eye to eye.
He finishes cooking quickly and sits down to eat (read: wolf down every bite without so much as chewing because he's positively starving). Steve's at his third serving when he first hears noises through the ceiling. It takes another two omelets until voices in the hallway announce another impending confrontation with his hosts – Steve glances at the kitchen, paranoid, like it might've all gone up in flames in the span of those five minutes he hasn't looked.
With the switch of a flick that Steve alone is responsible for, the other man stills. As if put on hold, the flow of tears stops, and he looks up from his hands with red-rimmed eyes.
What's above him is worse than what is below. There's five of him, back-lit by glaring, fluorescent light, bowed over Tony. Their faces are carbon copies and yet at the same time grotesque imitations of someone Tony has loved for so long the fear that chokes him feels wrong, a foreign object in a space that was once reserved for good things only.
He wonders how far Steve will take this. Tony isn’t about to back down from a challenge, but if Steve plans to lead them through this whole evening under the banner of Fixing Tony’s Deep-Seated Insecurities, he might come out feeling pretty discouraged. He means well, but that doesn’t change anything about the sobering reality that he can’t just fuck some self-worth into him, no matter how hard he might try or how much of an expert he may have become at the fucking part.
Steve: [Laughing so hard you start crying emoji]
Venom: Yes. I was a little annoyed with BITC, and I forgot the watch screen is sensitive. A few minutes later, I made a similar mistake. I accidentally told Benji that I would be OK if he dated me and MJ simultaneously. So I just picked up my new Stark phone. But I now know Benji is interested. I’ll freak out about that tonight.
Me: It’s more like we’re on our way to the airport right now. I drew the short straw and therefore I am the designated Avenger sitter. Liberty makes bad decisions when people he loves are in danger. We’re completely screwed if Red Malibu flat lines.
HSBF: I'm surprised the word hardcopy is even in your vocabulary. Of course it can be an email.
Counselor Laura from 2023: I know that you’re aware of Simmons 2023's drinking problem. I want to do an intervention before I leave if there's time. Will there be time, or are you texting me to tell me to pack my bags?
Anthony: It was for your own safety.
Anthony: Doesn’t matter. It is what it is.
“I have some creative control so I promise it will not end up like that travesty of the Captain America movie from 1990. Dad ended up suing them for that.” With good reason.
Anthony: If I have a pulse, I'm up to making dirty jokes about you. Or expressing my desire to do dirty things to you. Although if you want to send me an NC-17 get well card feel free.
"What are you doing here?" Melinda asked, slightly annoyed.
Anthony: I hope you’re right.
“If you can wake up tomorrow with one new power, what would it be?"
Venom: You’re aware I’m totally oblivious.
Tony: Thank you. Also, I may email you a note to include with the suit, if that’s okay.
Melinda: You keep doing it anyway. You can’t let go of the past.
CoulsonPJ: I'm not the one who asked you to go to Johannesburg.
Venom: You just made MJ cry. Which is something I haven’t done for a long time.
Me: Yes, you were among the list. So was the new player they’re calling Nomad, ironically enough.
Red phone: You do know what that is?
Purple Arrow: I’m not mad for that reason. I’m not mad at you anyway. I’m just angry at the world.
Steve: You’re very blunt sometimes. It’s unnerving.
Tony: And I’m trying to be serious. I am worried. I’m scared people are going to find you. I’m worried that we’re still too broken to handle the next world ending catastrophe. I’m also terrified that Spidey’s aunt knows the truth and she is going to kill me the moment I touch down in Manhattan.
“What I really need to know is do you really love Tony Stark?”
“Although, aren’t you supposed to still be babysitting Skye Quake for Agent May?” Tony asked.
Captain Tight Pants: You weren’t there at the funeral though?
Me: I trust his staff who actually care and want to do good things for the world, who see the big picture when we can’t or are too blinded by our own personal bias to see it.
Me: Which won’t be until Thursday or Friday because you’re going to California first to tape a few talk show appearances and Pepper agreed to meet with Happy together. At least that was the plan this morning.
Nomad: Love always is.
D Fitzsimmons: Which was apparently a wizard's house? I am now stuck here. I think it was the wizard's fault.
“Usually he was the one who fed the disgruntled employee that did that sort of thing to the wolves. He’s always been very protective of me.”
Cuddle Bunny: Melinda’s ex-husband died?
Me: What are you doing right now?
Agent Laura: Even though I’ve been part of an open marriage for a long time, even before the separation, I know better than to fuck Dr. and Mr. Stark-Rogers. You two are just way too needy. Some relationships really are platonic.
Venom: It wasn’t her secret to tell. That would be like her telling everyone that I’m gay.
Blue phone: You're the one who pushed that choice.
Nomad: Is this stuff about your grandparents true?
Venom: Or murder bots fiasco.
xxxxx
Agent L. Barton: Dr. Margarita Cruz, she is the number two in the ATCU psych department of my timeline. She was in charge of putting together the rehab center in Florida. It was her own passion project.
Me: I’m trying. So what do you consider your greatest accomplishment? And I’ll add, what do you think everyone else thinks your greatest accomplishment is?
“Yep, that lady from Homeland security scares the hell out of me. So does General Hale and her Stepford daughter. Talbot didn’t even know about her until Hale started parading her precious Ruby around to help her chances. Every time I’m in a room with her I just get this fake feeling. OK she reminds me a lot Obadiah which means she’s probably secretly evil and about to stab us all in the back.”
Me: Try the emoticons. You’ll be amazed what a guy’s willing to do for an all-expenses-paid weekend road trip with his girlfriend to the Maryland shore in the car of his choice.
Steve: I know.
Director Snookums: Just try not to do anything that will result in you getting arrested.
“You did listen to Hunter,” Leopold responded to his counterpart. “The princess did not which, is why we’re locked in here.” That wasn’t quite it.
Anthony: She also told me that she really doesn't want me to die anytime soon before leaving me to rest. There was also hugging and maybe some crying.
Nomad: I’m working my way through things. It’s where I am right now and a lot of this is homework.
. Although, be warned, she only checks her non-work email like twice a day and I’m not allowed to give that one out.
Nomad: Using Tranquilizer knock out darts on me was also not cool. I don’t like the thought of you being hurt and alone and I may have reacted accordingly.
DILF: By not here, I mean stuck in an alternate timeline 2018. It turns out Simmons's fiancé didn't die five years ago in the explosion, but was sent back in time and created another timeline. Obviously, our attempts at undoing everything is not going as planned.
To be continued
Me: Of course, you are.
Venom: I’m sure it is just a mission thing. You told me Quake goes dark all the time.
Counselor Laura from 2023: Talk to the Princess about Tony Potts’s plan.
Me: Okay maybe you should not start your message off that way.
Me: Purple Arrow is responsible?
The Mechanic: Yes. He was told not to get involved and that others would handle it. Did he listen? No. So I took the suit away temporarily to try to get him to think about what he did and then Homecoming happened. Apparently, I’m not good at grounding teenagers yet.
First, Fitz only confesses his feelings for Simmons when they are stuck at the bottom of the ocean due to Hydra, just before sacrificing himself so she can get out. Thanks to Nick Fury (yes, really), they both survive. However, Fitz suffers brain damage due to hypoxia and Simmons can’t deal with the guilt which leads to awkwardness, her going undercover at Hydra, and dancing around each other until the end of season two when they finally get it together and agree to go on a date. Of course, at that moment a giant monolith transports Simmons to literally the other side of the universe to the planet whose name translates to death.
“It’s best that you never ever see it. It was worse than the radio drama. They made Red Skull Italian and raised by Nazis and that’s just the beginning. Also, he or rather who he worked for were responsible for Kennedy and MLK’s assassination.” Tony explained trying to remember what he knew about it from the one time he watched it years ago.
“Yes, because if they can work through everything, then so can we. I want to try now.”
Purple Arrow: I’m not actually your husband.
The new consultant: I wouldn’t have messaged you back if I wasn’t up.
Double exclamation points. Okay, you are obviously pissed at me for not responding. I really should’ve checked the mechanic account earlier. And you were right about me being preoccupied with Steve, but you’ve seen him shirtless. Oh wait, it’s probably in bad taste for me to make comments like that especially after the shitty ex-boyfriend. I’m trying not to be a dick. I hope Yo-Yo has time to haunt his house. I want her to make him miserable.
Me: How many times were you shot?
Reminder: S is short hand for Secretary of State which is Secretary Ross in this continuity.
MayMQ: I hope she still does, wherever she is.
“Yes, unless I fall right to sleep as soon as I get to the Arlington house. Although, thankfully my meeting with the President tomorrow has been pushed back to 2 PM.”
“I can’t believe Hunter told you about the ring,” Fitz mumbled against her lips. Once they finally pulled apart reluctantly.
“I hate you.”
Nomad: Apparently my ex-girlfriend is looking for you because you served your wife with divorce papers.
Nomad: Why do I feel like that’s a really long list?
Agent 19: SHIELD codename for Barbara “Bobbi” Morris. Also uses Mockingbird as a codename. Former Shield agent with a master's degree in chemistry.  Disavowed earlier this year after an incident with the Russian government. Details are unavailable but President Ellis had to personally get her and her former husband Lance Hunter out of Russian custody.
“Maybe you can wait a little bit. Well you should rest. You barely slept last night.”
Okay, you’ll probably notice a change in handwriting right now. This is Steve’s mysterious boyfriend. You’re probably wondering why he’s writing you. Well, we’ve met. And when we were together last time, I was an asshole. Actually, asshole is an understatement. I was also out of my fucking mind and I tried to kill you.
Tony Potts: I wrote them, I never actually sent any of them. I still write them sometimes, although now I’m stone-cold sober.
Me: Everything is together. I’ll bring Agent and your ex-girlfriend along with other May and the nephew. Maybe Monkey Lover. I don’t know yet. It depends on if there’s an apocalypse or an alien invasion. Possibly an apocalypse triggered by an alien invasion.
Boss: Considering how fucked up we left things, using Vision as an intermediary is probably the best call.
The new consultant: Someday we must talk about how powerful your sister-in-law really is.
“You know what I mean. Look, I know where I stand. If a building was burning and I could only save you or Rhodey, I’m sorry Buttercup, but I would go straight to Rhodey.”
Agent Laura: Back in my timeline, we have our own addiction program in-house for the ATCU/shield. It was actually your other self’s idea. Your old Florida property is now the rehab house there.
My children are essentially dead, or rather the children of the Laura in this timeline are dead. They were among the many victims of what is referred to as the Decimation. Not that my counterpart is aware because she was also wiped out of existence. Now I understand why Clint seemed so lost when he found me at the compound. As far as he was concerned, I’d been dead for over five years. All of us being gone explains the midlife crisis hair and tattoos. A major life crisis can usually explain the worst hair and tattoo choices.
"Shit."
Venom: Apparently, because that’s a nickname, the filters let that go through.
“To rescue my wife and others from a timeline where Thanos lost, but Earth was cracked apart, Leo Fitz cryogenically froze himself to wake up 70+ years in the future. After saving everybody and defeating the Kree, they came back through the portal. Then that Fitz ended up in your timeline after the monoliths exploded. However, the version of Leopold Fitz that froze himself still exists in this timeline.” Steve explained.
Purple Princess: It doesn’t hurt when your dad is the head of a spy agency.
“Our teachers are being told will be out for a SI intern project, but there’s a 50% chance dad told our principal the truth. He knows that Laura and I are ATCU.” Afia explained.
To: Teenage Mutant Ninja Spider
“Well, after you put some pajamas on. Those pants cannot be comfortable.” Steve didn’t mean to stare at Tony’s crotch area; it just kinda happened. Let’s just say everything was very well-tailored.
Purple Princess 2018: I get that. We'll figure it out over here. Anyway, I have two people who really want to talk to you, and there's not a lot of time left in this window. I’m switching over to Lily bear now.
The possible marriage thing made its way onto TMZ right after the Mumbai attacks. And yet they still haven’t figured out who Stefan actually is. I don’t know whether to be happy or concerned. You should probably talk to Stefan directly. It’s better to be clear about what you want.
Anthony: Well, she had to because of the recent assassination attempts.
The new consultant: No, because honestly, I was planning to do this sometime next week if they kept tiptoeing around each other, especially because the placebo is now gone for good. It was going to be Flash’s late birthday present.
“Catcalls on Instagram don’t count,” Tony remarked.
Me: That probably needs to be looked into. However, who’s going to be supervising Benjamin once she’s in California?
“That’s his problem.” Romanoff said with a shrug.
Dear Ms. Potts:
Anthony: Still miss you.
So, if I can rebuild my relationship with Steve (still a work in progress) after the cluster fuck that was Siberia, then maybe there's hope for us.
Melinda: But then I met Andrew and I let it go. Dating another agent would be messy. Andrew was easier and I did love him.
Me: Your Underground Avengers are going to be really busy putting out all of his political fires.
Xxxxx
“Nope.  Food first then sleep. I don’t want to look sleep deprived,” Steve said pulling away.
Counselor Laura: I’ve never seen you as perfect. I’ve always known who you were, maybe even better now because I’m an agent. You must live in the gray in this job. I don’t know what you did because you haven’t told me. However, your other self served me with divorce papers and then went dark to take out Ross. Therefore, it’s going to be difficult for you to shock me at this point.
“You have a point. What’s the next question?” Steve asked.
Nomad: You're incorrigible.
BITC: That completely explains why they are friends now.
“I feel useful, that it is something I need to be doing. However, I'm grateful that Laura is bringing in someone more qualified than me. I'm aware we need help." Not even just Simmons or Thor. He is worried about Natasha. Sometimes he’s afraid she wouldn’t even eat if he didn’t come to the compound.
“That’s not true,” he denied halfheartedly.
Me: He already texted me this morning that he was planning to propose. I’m happy for you.
Warning: There are references to Captain Marvel, Ragnarok, and Endgame in here. There’s small but still here. Also, major references to Infinity War. It’s all connected.
Nomad: I wasn’t going to say anything.
Counselor Laura: Why would I be needed for an intervention in Norway?
Agent Laura: So, you will be happy to know that getting Hunter involved was the right choice. We just had dinner together with May. Simmons acknowledges that she is drinking too much. She wants me to help her get sober.
“Not the real reason because his mother and grandmother were there. Jim’s wife wants to know why I’m marrying you.”
"I will quake you if you're not quiet. Seriously, Leo calm your husband down. You should've left him at home." Daisy sighed, standing next to them.
Agent America: I already read the data from Friday. I should know not to underestimate Stark's AI. I was already on my way to the West Virginia/Virginia border. Nice to know my hunch was right.
Tony: I don’t even want to know what ship that is.
Red phone: Which is actually selling really well despite the bad publicity.
Cuddle Bunny: You do realize that everything is not your fault?
“If you could get rid of the part that requires me to register my children because they have superpowers, that would be nice. I’m afraid they’re going to end up in one of the camps.” He knew Steve was still worried about that even with the new administration. They were dismantling the mechanisms of the Ross administration as quickly as they could but not fast enough.
Me: It is probably best that I don’t know that.
“I think this is your favorite peace offering,” Leo said, gesturing for her to come into the room.
“Then we’ll have tea again when I get back from America and we can discuss if you’re ready.”
Dear Winter Soldier:
Anthony: Wise words. I spoke with Spidey.
Red phone: I'm going to ask you a hard question and you cannot answer, but are you really bi or did you end up chasing Aunt Peggy and subsequently make out with her grandniece because you grew up during the homophobic dark ages and you felt like that’s what you’re supposed to do?
To be continued.
Blue phone: Vision
StarkAE: Of course he is reverse engineering my tech, I expect nothing less. So why exactly do you want to kill Happy? It’s never a good sign when Friday wakes me up to take a call or a text message in this case, in the middle of the night.
Me: OK, I’m just glad Ross is not that observant.
“So, the next question feels like something we already did with question 28. We are supposed to tell each other something we like about one another already.” Tony said, and Steve is grateful that he is moving them onto safer ground.
Me: Fitz just walked into the room to check on me. I’ll write you in a few days when you’re not distracted by Stark.
“Number two is accusing Pepper of cheating on me when she ended up pregnant with Morgan. That’s the main reason we’re not together anymore.” Steve felt that there was probably another reason, but he chose not to press on that issue at the moment.
"I feel like I’m starting a collection.” Steve joked, placing both in his own bag to look at later.
“I went through the breakup with Pepper alone every time, and it sucked. I don’t want you to go through that.” Tony turned to smile at him. “The last time was even worse because I was barely talking to anybody, and Rhody took Pepper’s side. He said I was a jackass for thinking she cheated on me."
Tony: This is just the beginning. I expect more to come out now that the dam is cracking. Purple Arrow really knows how to get the man where it hurts.
Me: Finally, Rhodey is going through round two of the vetting process. I mean, he’s still mad at me for putting his name forward, but the man will always put his country first. Apparently keeping some PR obsessing rule oriented asshole from being in charge of Shield is part of that.
Cuddle fiancé: Have you talked to the Princess about your infertility issues?
BITC: Because you’re the heir to Stark industries and a future billionaire.
"You think the All-Father would’ve told us anything? Do you think he really cares about this planet or anything other than himself? You didn’t even care about it until your banishment.” Loki remarked.
The new consultant: You can do better. You deserve someone who respects your boundaries.
Me: Yes, but it’s not that hard. I’ve never been very fond of the pretentious and superficial. Mr. Patriotism is very pretentious and extremely superficial. It’s like he thinks playing the part of the superhero is more important than being one.
“OK, we both have made some very bad hook-up decisions and have learned from it,” Tony remarked just as he received a pop-up message on his Stark pad. It was from Friday. She’s communicating through pop-up messages because he has her on silent mode right now. She’s also not completely installed in Pepper’s house because she won’t let him. He wasn’t expecting to read that message.
“Yes, she is not happy. Friday, please send her chocolate gift basket number six.”
Me: What is the greater good in this case?
Counselor Laura: Then there’s the fact that Clint made a lot of powerful enemies as a spy. Having our home address on the registry list, no matter how encrypted, can be dangerous for all of us. Clint has his reasons to join the fight and his own reasons to stay away.
Nomad: Most of the odd number ones until you get to the new movies. I've seen all of those except the new one that just came out. I haven’t exactly had time to get to a movie theater. Also, I’ve seen Galaxy Quest.
Captain Tight Pants: She wanted to keep you safe.
From the title, I’m sure you realize that we are close to the meet up. I know I’ve been dragging it out for a while, but we’re almost there.
“OK that one is just ridiculous.” Steve pulls away with a laugh.
Monkey lover 2: Last time around you two almost got remarried.
Ana Junior: James Leopold, a.k.a. the first Leopold Fitz of your original timeline, believe that he arrived in his own timeline. Just earlier and that his actions erase the original timeline. He felt it was best to move on with his life since the Fitz and Simmons of this timeline were together. However, he did work to get them engaged sooner. The wedding was a year ago.
Agent Laura: Because their original wedding date happens to coincide with when the attack happened here. I think the grooms consider that a bad omen.
Me: Maybe you’ll get grandkids soon.
“To help my friend. Although, I’m hoping that things will go differently and he won’t need my help.”
Me: And now that she's gone, you decided to use her grandniece as your emotional methadone for your Peggy Carter loving soul.
HSBF: So are you still alive and not imprisoned? I figure if either of those are the case, Melinda or Friday at the very least would let me know if Twitter did not already.
Nomad: I realized it afterwards, but I think it happened before. I'm sorry.
(See the end of the chapter for
Monkey lover 2: I think I would’ve preferred them trying to kill him. And, I’ll get Mary on that. I’m glad she’s staying on to be my assistant. And I wouldn’t mind my mum being in the states with us.
Me: In a way. The new Super Human, Inhuman, and Enhanced Liaison Division will stay as an office under the ATCU in cooperation with the UN.
Nomad: I’m starting to get that.
Venom: So, when this is all over with, are we just going to lock Benji in a room with us until he gets a clue?
Purple Princess: It works better when there’s a human with her. AI’s are great at what we do, but the human brain is different. You see things we don’t.
HSBF: I’m glad that the agents are not worried. I just hope they get somebody not evil.
“Agreed. Question two is, ‘would you like to be famous’?
Red phone: I was planning to hire her on as my full-time life counselor/assistant eventually because Kevin is moving to California with the wife due to the Pepper relocation. I just moved up the timetable a little bit.
Monkey Lover 2: The press release came out?
“How long will you be with me?” He almost asked when Friday will be back but thought better of it.
Morgan’s dad: You know I’m glad that you’re at least willing to say that much. I shouldn’t have said what I said to you when I got back. I was wrong. I was just lashing out, and I’m sorry.
“I always believed that you believed that you were telling me the truth,” Simmons replied. “But it was always that the person claiming to be you from another dimension was an imposter. However, I wanted to believe you.”
Anthony: Okay the stepdad thing was kind of for your safety because covers hold together better when there’s at least a grain of truth to it. Hey, it’s not like they can interview your wife because she is dead and her daughter is CIA, again. It’s easier to make one person then two.
Tony: Miss you too, snuggles.
Nomad: Anthony was afraid of where things were going. He mostly went along with the Accords because he thought it was the best option to keep us all safe and together.
Riley_
Unfortunately, the next chapter will not be coming until probably a week from tomorrow. I just found out that I’m moving so there may be a gap of more than a week for upcoming chapters until mid-August. It will all depend on how much writing I can get done before the chaos begins. I tend to bank chapters for the story. However, I am nearing the end of this cycle and I didn’t want to do too much more until Spider-man Homecoming comes out.
To be continued
D FitzSimmons: Well, he was wrong. Also, good on him for getting the wedding moved up. Other Nana invited me to their anniversary party.
December 25, 2016
Blue phone: I won't say sorry again because you don't want me to. Although, now I know why Peggy was best friends with him.
Nomad: But you didn’t die.
May: Thankfully, Tony is not me.
Tony: This is also why I didn’t object when she finished the framework project in like an hour. I’m bringing the prototype with me to Mumbai. Only three days until I can actually kiss you in person and do other things. Other things I will not discuss due to the fact that these messages could be read by a certain teenager.
HSBF: Why did you bring the spider into it?
Anyway, enjoy the apology gift that I’m sure you will be receiving soon. I will make sure Rogers shows up for Christmas, if you and the doctors allow it, even if I have to drag him there myself. Okay and let’s hope he doesn’t get shot again before then. Was he always this reckless? Seriously, I would love to wrap him in bubble wrap, but I’m sure he would be pissed off if I did that.
Me: Dr. Suarez brought a toaster for me to put back together again.
FRIDAY: The SHIELD report regarding the investigation of her death was never digitized, but I think I have a way to get the report.
“You may be right about that,” Steve conceded reluctantly.
“Desafortunadamente si, mi bombon es todo un chico explorador y se niega rotundamente a ponerme peligro a mi y mi virtud.” Tony responded, also in Spanish.
Venom: Congratulations, you made her cry. The reason why all of us are at the Lighthouse is Daisy is missing.
Me: PS I wasn’t trying to kill you.
Agent M: Do I want to know?
Me: If it’s going to be that bad, we should really do the email thing.
Counselor Laura from 2023: You had your reasons for leaving. Sometimes you have to take care of yourself.
The events in this chapter are adapted from episode 4.3 of Agents of Shield but we are seeing it from an Avenger perspective.
A: Yep. Agent Agent’s background check includes DNA analysis. We’re keeping that from everybody.
“I’m not normal. I’m a futurist. If I don’t totally screw things up or the end of the world doesn’t come in the next couple of months, I will break out the engagement ring. You didn’t run away to the Princess’s house to see your BFF, so I feel like that’s progress,” Tony half joked, maybe.
Melinda: No but I need to and Suarez is in DC.
Tony Potts: Steve texted me and yet neglected to mention his alternate timeline houseguest before making up some weird excuse to end the conversation.
Happy Bear: I don’t understand that reference.
Me: For the sake of quid pro quo, I don’t rehearse what I am going to say when making a phone call, most of the time. This has led to disaster. This is also why I prefer text messaging. I’m less likely to stick my foot in my mouth that way.
To: Tony_Carbonell
HSBF: And probably why I thought you were a total dick when I first met you.
"Which is scary as I learned by trying to reconnect with Pepper." Tony rubs a finger against Steve’s beard. He is enjoying it and isn’t that sad about losing the clean-shaven Boy Scout.
xxxxx
Me: I already disabled the program.
Genius Princess: Transdimensional text messaging.
“You are covered in kids and arguing with your daughter. It’s adorable. Ana can you get me a picture of this? Or maybe a video file?” Steve asked.
“But you’re making arrangements for us to see each other more often?”
Anthony: However, Pepper saving my life, made them go up. Apparently, if she's willing to save my life, that means that things didn’t fall apart because I did something ridiculously stupid like screw someone else while we were still together. That means she is not likely to jump ship anytime soon and that puts everybody’s minds at ease because nobody wants me as CEO of my company ever again, despite some of our recent diversification.
Purple arrow:  Did you ask Avenger Ana where she is?
"Always a possibility, but you’re prepared."
“Of course. Wait, does he actually think Coulson is personally responsible for all the strange things that have happened?” Steve  asked after looking over the report.
HSBF: Well, at least something good came out of that stupid thing. Who’s making these posts?
Tony: I don’t think the inhuman internment camps will go away. Ross didn't blame the decimation on the Avengers fucking up.  He blamed Daisy and created this entire anti-inhuman landscape. That’s not going to go away if we bring everybody back, including the asshole’s daughter and grandkid. He's out of power, and things are still a mess.
BITC: And where is she?
“Sure." Friday just nodded her head; obviously, she didn't believe him at all.
“Is there something I need to know?” She asked.
Chief Monkey Lover: Then, at worst, he’s my great-nephew. I am with Hunter. He’s also older than me.
Anthony: You weren’t the one making time with our fair Natasha?
Red spider: I’m sure that he has his reasons.
Monkey lover 2: Not sure what city will be hit next, but I think it could be Mumbai or New York. Be ready. I’ve alerted Bulletproof Pacifist and Spidey to be on standby. Mr. and Mrs. Purple Arrow are also on standby.
Anthony: At the time, yes. Now I’m not sure what I believe. I’m just angry and confused.
Me: You know what I mean.
“I have no trouble killing you.” Tony wasn’t entirely sure she was serious or not.
Jemma: I’m not really his grandmother. I just share the same DNA with her. I’m never going to be his grandmother.
Me: And we celebrated by gorging ourselves on milkshakes. If it wasn’t for the extreme physical training regimen that Agent America has me doing, I would’ve gained 10 pounds with all the extra food I’ve been eating.
HSBF: Considering you make jokes about Alien invasions and your PTSD, I believe that you believe nothing is off-limits.
I’m not seeing Ant-Man and the Wasp until tomorrow and thanks to being somewhere without Internet for a couple of days, I managed to avoid heavy spoilers. I have no idea how it affects continuity yet, but again, the 30 day moratorium on spoilers is still in effect for that movie.
Francis: I thought it was going to be one of the kids or all the kids. If I brought them forward to this point in time, Thanos couldn’t snap them out of existence. Then I wouldn’t have to lose them, but the kids weren’t there. We weren’t even at the farmhouse.
Me: How is he taking it?
Blue phone: Why are the kids there?
Nomad: Because it’s always our fault when the bad guys’ tech malfunctions.
Counselor Laura: Yet occasionally, some moments tell me you are the same people deep down. My Tony also confessed about the poster as well as Howard walking in on him.
Football Hunter: You found him?
“You’re not. Although, I do wish I realized this before just sleeping in the same bed as you became a luxury.”
Cuddle fiancé: I’m sorry.
HSBF: ???
Captain tight pants: Are we one of those things?
Kitty brother:  Is that the traveler from the future? Who is his grandfather?
Me: She was always clever like that.
Nomad: I'm sorry.
Venom: Who is the boy in the chair?
HSBF: Really?
Friday: I am no longer allowed to foreword the thoughts of Mister Stark that he types out, but does not actually wish for you to read.
10:45 PM
MayMQ: Even divorce doesn’t help sometimes. You can love more than one person at the same time. I have.
This chapter takes place about 15 minutes after the last one because Clint is pissed.
HSBF: I am happy she was able to help.
“Raising the girls. Skinny asthmatic me never thought he would be a father. I had an asthma attack the first time I had a handjob.” Tony was glad he got under the covers because little Tony was excited and a little horrified. “The fact I preferred that over the blind dates that Bucky always set me up with also had me doubtful.”
Counselor Laura: You know, I’m personally surprised that you’re still responding. It’s not nice having your husband avoid you for a week. I’m proud this conversation has lasted this long.
Me: Yo-Yo. She and her BF Agent Shotgun Ax are in the car with us. We just got the signal that we can get out of the car, so keep an eye out. Yo-Yo is going to post some video.
Me: If we were to get married, you would get like half of everything because I feel like asking you to sign a prenup would be like a self-fulfilling prophecy.
Nomad: I don’t expect you to. I just want you to be careful.
"Very aware. I'm pretty sure she wouldn't leave one speck of blood for the forensic team at the crime scene."
“Since I haven’t been hiding from Laura, I know that because the Avengers weren't at each other's throats or hiding from the government, they had time to get Vision’s stone out of his head.” Clint’s eyes opened wide in surprise at her words. Maybe just maybe there really was a chance to fix things.
(See the end of the chapter for
Counselor Laura:  Your world scares me.
Tony Potts: Considering what Thanos is about to do, that's probably the safest thing.
“And?” Steve asked practically holding his breath.
A/N (and this is not proofread by someone else because I added it last minute for clarification): For those of you who do not watch Agents of SHIELD, during season two, it was discovered that there was an ancient Kree Temple in what is now San Juan, Puerto Rico. That means it was one of the main places where the Kree’s Inhuman experimentation took place. Therefore, I am going with the theory that individuals of Puerto Rican ancestry have a higher probability of having the Inhuman gene.
Tony: I’m trying to be a better person and be respectful of your feelings. But I totally expect you at the wedding. Let us hope the aliens don’t invade.
After they arrived back, Tony cooked dinner. Jarvis’s signature pasta. Because Steve was at the property, Tony gave the regular staff the week off. It was okay because when Tony focused, he could actually take care of himself.
Tony: You were in the middle of a war though.
Me: Dammit, why did I sign off on that?
Happy Bear: I don’t either.
Me: A lot.
Me: Nope. I'm pissed and a little disappointed that something like this happened again. I trust people and then they try to kill me. And I’ll let it happen because I was distracted.
Anthony: Of course they’re expecting me to hand over the shield first so they can pick a new paragon of virtue to masquerade as you. Well everybody but Agent Scary and Coulson as well as their team, that is. Apparently it’s not an Avenger team, if you don’t have a guy on there looking like the living interpretation of American nationalism. I feel like Coulson should count, but the acting dictator thinks differently.
I spoke to my boyfriend, Stefan, after what happened and he agrees that I may have been a little too hasty. I yelled and used horrible analogies and I really don’t like making anyone cry. Howard did that a lot. Stefan thinks I should take my visit to see him in South Africa as a time to reevaluate a lot of things.
Thank you to everyone who read or reviewed the last chapter. Apparently the consensus is Steve is going to be oblivious for a while. We shall see.
Time: (I still don’t understand the local calendar) 201 hours after arrival
Girl Friday: Now you make me feel like a bad friend. I arranged for them to share. I may have also left ice cream, condoms, and a first-aid kit with the intention of just leaving them there and checking in on them in the morning.
“Okay, you’re both ridiculously noble. It’s sickening, really. It doesn’t change the fact that he’s in love with his Simmons and maybe the moment I actually do anything she’ll pop through a hole in the universe and grab him.” Knowing his relationship track record, that could truly happen.
"We are going to have to resurface for the wedding tomorrow," Tony said with a smirk.
“The first few years after arriving in the present, yes. Not as much now, although I am careful when I talk to you.” That confession doesn’t surprise Tony.
Red phone: Yes. Actually, I think you would probably be good at that. They usually work with children too. Maybe when everything is straightened out, you could go to therapist school. It would be a way for you to help people in a less likely to get you killed way.
Chief Mechanic: Ana doesn’t have access to the cameras in lab six because the Princess is blocking her. Which has me worried. I know all the kids are down there, including Flash and MJ. Also, your grandkid is there. Earlier, Ana said they bonded over dysfunctional families.
(See the end of the chapter for
Cuddle Bunny: Tony? Are you there?
-------
Natasha let Steve sit quietly, watching him work through what she’d just said. Despite some people’s thoughts that Captain America could be reckless and would act first and ask questions later, she’d found that Steve Rogers was much more likely to think things over before making a decision. Seeing that process happen right in front of her, when it wasn’t a battlefield situation, was an eye opening and interesting experience for the spy. Eventually, after what had felt like hours but in reality had only been a couple of minutes, Steve looked up, wrinkled his brow and asked, “How could you know that? You rarely say anything without some kind of proof so you’ve got to feel pretty sure. How… how do you know?”
It took Steve a minute to recover from his tea going down the wrong tube, even super soldiers coughed if they breathed in tea instead of swallowing it. He lent back against the sofa arm and clasped his mug tighter between his hands.
Natasha tried exceptionally hard not to smirk as she was proved right.
She was fairly certain that both of the men were completely oblivious to the other’s feelings for them. There was no way either of them could actually know and have still done nothing about it. It was, frankly, becoming ridiculous. Steve was doing his level best to be there for Tony in every way he thought he could get away with, and Tony was just brushing it off as Steve being nice.
So, he lived on in hope that maybe soon he’d be able to make his move.
But, Steve was forgetting one of the fundamental pieces of information about Tony that he’d learnt over all these years. When Tony loves someone (regardless of what kind of love) he loves wholeheartedly, unreservedly, and often without any boundaries or thought for social convention at all! So when it appeared that Tony had wrapped himself around Pepper on the common room couch like a limpet, Steve’s first reaction was that it was proof that something more was going on. But as he tuned into the news playing on the big screen it became obvious that this was actually Tony’s way of trying to make sure one of his most precious people was safe and whole and not nearly kidnapped and hurt and ransomed for obscene amounts of money.
“I guess it’s been my constant for so long now, I hadn’t really thought about the fact that people may have noticed...” Steve trailed off, a look of horror slowly dawning on his face.
“The results of the experiment have been documented, Sir” JARVIS’s voice interrupting Bruce’s nodding head and jolting him awake with a start that caused him to flush ever so slightly green around the edges.
HSBF: Yet she’s scowling at you in the last picture.
“That makes sense because she’s a good mom even if she said no to coming with us,” Tony remarked.
Anthony: Billions, really. Sharon had that chance and she didn’t take it.
Jemma: I know that Deke is safe in 2018 with Fitz, not that he calls himself that anymore. Although I am surprised he’s using the alias he filed his patents under instead of going by Mr. Leo Hunter.
"You can try," Daisy replied
The new consultant: You know I really am okay if you and Benji hook up.
Counselor Laura: My marriage is really fucked up, and I really miss my kids. Also, Tony is probably furious at me because, apparently, things are really different in this timeline.
So this weekend, I am finally back to working on this story again. I wanted to wait until after Black widow and Loki to work on the next batch of chapters since it would be an influencer. But then it took me a few weeks to get to a spot in my Star Trek story where I could stop. Don’t worry we have five more chapters in the can. However, reviews make me write faster. If I can get a decent amount of chapters built up again, I could go back to weekly updates. Or, at a minimum, I have time to do some more Loki one-shots.
Tony: I don't want to keep raising Morgan in this broken world where mommy and daddy pretend to be engaged. Maybe I don't want her to see me almost on the verge of tears whenever I hear the name Peter. We couldn't even have the Peter rabbit books in the house.
After being associated with SHIELD for nearly a decade and being thrown across the universe, really nothing should surprise Jemma. And yet she is still having difficulties accepting that another version of her boyfriend was thrown back 2 years into their timeline, or was it from a parallel dimension? She was trying to decide which possibility she found more comforting. Although, the fact that he saved May’s life with knowledge that could only come from living through it once is helping to alleviate her skepticism.
Me: That was probably the alcohol from my post ‘the Hydra assassin in my building didn’t kill me’ binge. I haven't been drunk for the last 2 ½ months.
Cuddle fiancé: Will be home soon. Home. While we were trying to find Coulson, Joey and Vision signed the Mumbai agreement as the US and UN Avengers representatives. I’m now allowed back on American soil.
Blue phone: That’s not true.
"Does it get easier?" Tony asked with one tear running down his cheek.
The New Consultant: Inter-dimensional communications device.
“I’m not sure how much to change incase that tech could be used for something useful in the future.  I’m just trying to make up for the things I did wrong.”
At the edge of the door way into Tony’s workshop, Steve stilled as he heard Tony on the phone with someone. The voice sounded vaguely familiar but Tony had been known to have JARVIS pipe conversations out of the speakers in all parts of the tower if his hands were full so it wasn’t that surprising. What he was surprised about was the amount of emotion in Tony’s voice as he answered, this was obviously someone he cared about a great deal. Feeling more and more like an unwanted voyeur of such an unguarded moment, Steve quietly stepped away and considered if this was the final piece he had been waiting for. Straight after a battle when the team would normally be together, taking solace in each other and reaffirming their bond and Tony was on the phone with someone. Maybe Steve should finally take a hint that he and Tony weren’t meant to be together.
It was easier to deal with the second thought, it took no time at all for him to think back to the first time he’d found Tony attractive and from there a short hop, skip, and a jump to the moment he’d realised that it wasn’t just lust of some kind but instead love. A desire to comfort and support Tony, to be there for his good and bad days, to make him smile whenever and however he could. A need to make sure he ate and slept and had time away from his beloved, but exhausting, work schedule.
Smiling, Tony walked a couple of steps forward, “Did you mean it Steve? Do you really think I’m stunning, even after all the crazy things I do?”.
“I love you too…”
“Thanks Tony, I couldn’t have done this without you. You gave me a home and a place where I can be myself and work on wonderful things without fear.”
About 15 minutes earlier
Realising he couldn’t actually hold his mug any tighter for fear of breaking it, Steve guessed he couldn’t keep stalling any longer. He looked Natasha in the eyes and said
“Hmm, ok. Well keep an eye on him for me would you? Bruce and I have just done brilliant science but now I need to sleep for a week and it wouldn’t do any good if our resident geriatric was feeling anything other than in tip top shape.”
“Is Steve ok JARVIS?”
******************************
Natasha was ready and prepared to do anything she could to get these two soft goofballs to talk about their feelings together. Even if that meant sitting on Steve and calling Pepper to keep Tony from locking himself into his lab.
With the next turn in the road, his every thought grinds to a halt.
This time, it’s different.
Maria doesn't pay him any mind, walking past as he sits there on the bench with that ridiculous novel about the ghost whisperer. In fact, she rarely ever takes note of his presence at all except when it's called for, like a thank-you for dinner or a good night after that. Steve's a simple houseguest, and that's that – one that's a carbon copy of her lost parent, but just a guest nonetheless.
Tony hums appreciatively as Steve draws a line of kisses down his neck. It’s rare Steve lets his facial hair grow out at all–which is a damn shame, because
"Yes, oh–motherf–
It strikes him then that the inside of his hand feels uncharacteristically... warm. As if wrapped around one of those pocket warmers people like to use during winter. Come to think of it, his fist isn't closed
To keep him from stirring, Steve holds him to his chest with one arm while he reaches up and out of the space of the bunk with the other. The search proves fruitless at first, before his hand finally comes in contact with what he’s looking for – his coat, hanging abandoned over the ladder outside. Steve pulls it back inside and lays it out over them; he feels the sweat itch as it cools on himself and, while Stark might not notice it, it’s likely to affect his body even more, naked as he is. He wants to avoid either of them catching a cold if at all possible.
grip.
As they climb the couple of stairs to the front porch, Tony shoots him a half-smile over his shoulder. "Thanks for this, though," he says after a beat. "I'm pretty sure Maria would've chewed my arm off if I'd made her wait another ten minutes for something other to eat than mini pretzels."
Steve flops down onto the bed and rolls on his back, pulling the other man onto his chest when Tony makes no attempt of moving on his own. Tony sighs, buries his face in his pecs and smirks when
or whatever.
“Someone’s missed me,” Tony mumbles, hears the smile in his own voice. It's not just Steve, either: three weeks have the potential to feel like an eternity, he’s found. It really isn’t fair, having hours of recordings to supply his spank bank but knowing that nothing will come close to the real thing.
"You listenin' to me?"
Steve's down to his forearm when it gets harder and harder to bend the pieces backward and rip them off. When one comes off with a gross crunch, Steve realizes why. The material sticks to Tony's arm, the parts that were partially melted have eaten into his skin and with every plate he removes another patch of skin comes off as well.
“N-no,” he rasps, hardly having found his voice.
"You had a concussion."
"Thank God," Steve says,
This happens again, the next day.
Tony is determined to keep digging through the nothing until he strikes gold. The first minor problem presents itself when he digs and digs and finds… more nothing.
Steve's thumb massages his pucker, gentle at first but pushing past his rim every once in a while. Tony releases a long, satisfied sigh when he finally sheathes one thick digit in him and slowly fucks it deeper. He keeps grinding his erection against the sheets down below. Steve lets him. At two fingers, Tony groans, impatience and want intermingling. Steve doesn’t have it in him to refuse his silent demands; he gives him another one. It burns for a few strokes, which just stokes the arousal coiling in Tony's gut.
Tony dares to look over, sees two emotions fighting within him, indrawn anger and sympathy on either side of the rope. It's on Tony to decide which one he's going to aid.
It's not like this is his first choice – he has brought the matter up with Rogers another three times, but received only curt comments along the lines of "it's not up for discussion" or was simply ignored and brushed off like an irritating horsefly.
The dying sun throws colors ranging from pale yellow to deep orange over the untouched blankets of white, and the occasional pine tree is clad with snow. In the distance, a small hut at the side of the mountain (the peak of which towers far above the plateau still and encircles the area with three others of its kind) oversees the planes.
He’s only a
Tony nods. Twice. A few times. His head is just bobbing up and down for a bit, like those little figurines people put on their dashboards. Then he stops and attempts a reassuring smile, but it's strained and doesn't reach his eyes.
spot behind Tony's ear and he shudders, whether it's because of the endearment or the physical contact nobody will ever know. "It's never been about who deserves who. You know I've also had to get that into my head in my own time, but at the end of the day, this,
"Yeah. It’s all sorts of small things, like– There, he had a birthmark right…" Tony trails off briefly as he points it out on Steve's skin, the tip of his finger just grazing his jaw, "there."
Pulling back his arm and folding it over his chest, Tony looks at him with an open expression. He pulls his brows upward expectantly, and Steve gets the gist. Alright; he can play that game. He thinks for a moment, and then,
He finds himself on a dirt road eventually and continues his walk there. A memory he can't recall yet is prodding the back of his mind, like an invisible fly buzzing around his head without pause.
“Daddy!” Maria has a skip in her walk when she comes in, throwing herself at Tony who barely manages to hold onto her and keep her from sliding down his chest again.
Steve doesn't care to bide his time anymore. He lifts the man's hips, guides his cock into position and breaches him without much warning. Stark whimpers as the air gets pushed out of his lungs through a wheeze, then clenches his mouth shut. He forces his breath out of his nose in shuddering pants, determined not to give Steve the gratification of hearing him cry out.
Steve's hands move over his stomach, and Tony's ears are burning because the other man's warm breath is grazing his skin and
Hilarious, that thought. As if there are still sides, as if this thing hasn’t ruined the both of them.
When he buries his face back in the palms of his hands, there's silence. At first, Tony tries to suppress the noises and the shake of his body as he erratically sucks in air, but he soon gives up on hiding, too drained to even uphold any sort of pretense. Steve goes back and forth between wanting to hold him (knowing his comfort is unwanted) and wanting to leave him some privacy (knowing he'd seem cold if he left).
At their core, they were not a family of highborn royals that had had riches and power laid at their feet from the very day they first fed at their mother’s breast, but rose to power by virtue of their ingenuity, resourcefulness and contrarian thinking.
“Give yourself time, Steve.”
His face lights up when he starts chewing. “These aren’t bad,” he says, with no small amount of surprise. Tony would be offended if he himself hadn’t had the same reaction to his unlikely culinary success.
playing happy family with this little human the man who betrayed his trust put in him
Tony sighs to himself and gets going as well. If he's lucky, he'll make it back before dark.
Tony can make out the ornaments carved into the circle on the ground. He might've appreciated the artistry in it if he wasn't just about to hit literal rock bottom. In the last,
He decides to let it be, mostly for his own sake.
"I'm sorry, but these are too difficult for me. You're too smart," he says, smiling to make the news a little less bad.
"It's Stark," he says, and Steve averts his eyes from what's playing out in front of him to gape at the beta next to him. "
The Lord's response was to scowl and then avert his gaze, bashful. He cleared his throat and sucked in a hissing breath as Bruce pulled the bandages free.
"Uh, sure?" he answers after a beat, taken by surprise if the pitch of his voice is to be trusted.
Steve gets a rhythm going, not pulling out fully but enough the push inside is rewarding. Tony’s wrists tire of the position quickly, so he lowers himself onto his chest and forearms but keeps his ass raised for Steve to pound into.
Steve thought he agreed and he could hear himself hum, but the thought was of little importance at the moment and this noise was one that directly correlated with the feel of Tony around him, all-encompassing, a velvety embrace of white-hot heat and pressure just on the side of too much.
Not even Sir Steven Rogers himself appeared to be capable of preventing Anthony's unfortunate accidents from happening.
Stark complies with the request fairly quickly; one moment, he's eyeing him, wide-eyed and throat bobbing. The next, he's scrambling to flop onto his stomach, back rising and falling in a swift rhythm that falters briefly when Steve squeezes into the space behind him and brushes his bare legs.
“Lord Hammer, I have listened to you spew your lies and slander long enough. If you have quarrels with My Lord, I suggest you speak to him in person as opposed to besmirching his name while you eat and drink from his table and reside under his roof. Now, pray remove yourself from this room, or I will take it upon myself to remove you.”
During his musings, James regarded the man now reigning over the kingdom with scepticism. It appeared to be a never-ending cycle, this battle between the allegedly good and evil. One would climb the throne, turn bitter and cruel, and another would come to vanquish him only to one day find himself walking down the same, sinister path.
"See you then, Tony."
Rogers lifts him into his arms without further ado, tucking him tight against his chest as he walks back to the horse. Tony can’t quite– he can’t keep his eyes open, but he thinks that is sincere worry causing Rogers’ brows to knit. The hat is pulled into his face, and it shields him from most of the snow; Tony can understand why he never takes the stupid thing off a little better now.
Tony hears his voice in his mind, and he might not be at peace in the end but it’s a pleasant sound all the same. He is using Tony’s given name; not Carbonell, not Stark.
Despite his apparent unwillingness to step forward, Rogers held his head high as he walked into the center of the arena, where they'd raised a round platform that Lord Stark insisted was only to be addressed by the name of
As he arrived next to Hammer’s spot on the table, he drew himself up tall and looked down at the perplexed man. Around them, the Lord’s men tensed, hands searching the handles of their swords, not yet threatening but preparing for all possible outcomes.
greatest achievement in such detail and passion time and time again that it was hard to believe that in reality, he had never moved a finger to assemble this technical marvel at all.
Maybe his family.
Anyone who says a fake dick is practically the same thing is lying to themselves. Fuck. Tony exhales a shuddery breath into the pillow, arches his back a little bit more. As Steve glides deeper and passes over his prostate, he can't stifle the long, wanton keen that seeps out of him.
Steve comes with a shout that he just so manages to bury in the back of Stark's neck, digging his teeth in. Around his cock filling Stark with his spend, his hole clenches and flutters like it's trying to milk him for every last drop he's got. Steve groans, deeply satisfied, and only then does his knot catch, its inflated size slipping past Stark's fucked-out rim forcefully.
The burns are gone, his smile brittle and his bright doe eyes wide in disbelief and swimming with tears. Steve would huff an incredulous laughter if he could, but everything he manages is a strained exhale. Tony shushes him softly, palms of his hands tender as they cradle his face, fingers stroking over the high of his cheekbones and the cut of his jaw.
not you."
"Can it be? Is there a… kink here I didn't know about?"
Although his first instinct is to reply in joking, maybe go off on an unprompted anecdote about how,
be. Simple as that.
even after the man has long forgiven him. It's a discomforting lesson in self-reflection.
Everyone else only gets to pick the one, after all.
Steve realizes what his ramblings are about. He holds a hand up, which promptly causes Stark to shut up and follow him across the room, where Steve pulls out a small pouch from behind the large stack of used cloth they’ll use to light the torches. Since nobody knew what their purpose was or why they were being sent, Steve collected and left them here, forgetting about their existence until just now.
"I'm going to regret this, but here goes," he mutters, mostly to himself. When he looks up, he doesn't shy away from Steve's gaze. "My daughter is painfully stubborn when she wants to be. Courtesy of Steve, I'd say, but I can acknowledge my lack of sainthood when I want to."
He's never been in Tony's bedroom. Steve pushes the door open hesitantly – despite his good intent, it feels as if he's intruding – and keeps the light off so as to not disturb the brunet in his sleep. The beige curtains are pulled open haphazardly, moonlight shifting through the gaps and drenching the room in a pale, cold sheen.
A single tear rolls down Steve's cheek at the last word, the quietly raging oceans of blue spilling in the face of Tony’s plea and the despair in it. He nods frantically and more droplets create invisible trails down his skin, the ocean sloshing with the movement.
There's a second of silence during which the man narrows his eyes at him, and Tony inwardly sighs in resignation; maybe he's combined the clues, or will reject the request out of spite. As a last resort Tony holds out the money to him and adds, "Our appreciation is of monetary value, of course."
The silent surface of what has gone
Lord Stark's good hand fiddled with his mount's reins, yet again reminding of that day they'd ridden out. Then he raised his head, gaze fixed to a point in the distance.
If Tony wasn't such a wreck, they'd be having a nice night sitting at that restaurant Steve's been wanting to take him to for weeks now. But because that isn't the reality they live in, Steve felt the need to stay in with him and try to convince that miserable excuse of a man in the mirror that he's less miserable than his brain keeps telling him.
Disappointment spreads in him, heavy as lead. Is that it? After all this, after they have danced around each other with this
“So, ah, do you mind,” he points at the sofa on which Tony is currently perched, surveilling the development of the fire. “Would you mind sleepin’ here, or d’ya want us to take turns?”
They’re just where they were five weeks ago.
He asks them to pick him up first thing next morning.
Pierce believes he's still the impressionable man he once convinced could simply work off his debt and walk away when everything's said and done. But Steve has evolved from a science experiment to a lethal force that is all the deadlier for knowing its worth, while Perce has stagnated and grown content with what he believes is a position of eternal power.
Not like this, though. Tony–despite all his learnt humility–did, in a way, expect to go out with a bang. He expected to die by Thanos’ hand, then and there. And that, he was ready for; he would’ve gone down fighting, at least.
The fear of death is an overpowering one; Steve sees it in Tony's eyes that have possibly gone wet with both his unblinking stare and the understanding of his fate. His lip twitches with unasked questions and pleas aimed at no-one. His hands, deft, calloused and littered with scars testifying to many fights won and gone, are trembling, now that there’s come a battle he’s already lost before it’s even begun.
Tony moans through sealed lips and lifts his hips an inch or two to chase the circle of Steve's hand. Then, he freezes.
A thing he's also told Steve before because he isn't the only one with issues in this relationship, mind you. Sometimes it just feels like Steve is making more progress than he does, which he'll admit is a stupid thing to be thinking because
Any other man of the ruling class would have acted with reason and appointed the next Captain of Guard himself instead of taking a wild gamble and allowing an array of games choose who would be commanding his guard, but as had already been proven time after time, Anthony Stark did care for neither rhyme nor reason.
Because of course he is.
Tony can't say he minds, although he does have half a mind to point out some flaws in Steve's last statement. Calling the middle-aged guy with crow's feet who's already in a more-salt-than-pepper situation
think I love you how you are.”
Fuck, he might not be on top of his game anymore (appearance- and performance-wise), but he's still doing this, making Steve sound and look like this, and that has to count for something.
and those are nowhere near the same amount of fucked up.
he thinks, unsure whom he's begging for forgiveness.
A faded sign proclaims it
The axe slams into the chopping block yet again. This time, Rogers leaves it there in the wood and straightens, turning to face Tony.
Steve nods. “Sounds reasonable.”
want something to drink, right?"
Of course, it's him. There is no one in these mountains other than Rogers who would've set out to search for him in the deepest of storms, picked up his weakened body from the snow and carried him back into the warmth of this hut that is theirs for only this one season. Rogers, who is now nestled against him, stripped to his underwear to preserve body heat in a mockery of Tony's hidden, most intimate fantasies.
Steve almost flinches, but the words are not directed at him as he stands there in the door. Instead its JARVIS, who now starts playing a video recording of– him. Well, not
Next time Tony seats himself back in his lap, the impact produces a wet, smacking sound that has him hide his face in his shoulder. There's little (virtually nothing) that causes him to blush, which makes the rosy color high on his cheekbones currently all the more pretty. Mortification looks good on him, so of course Steve has to add a little something more.
James agreed, thanked him and cradled his friend in his arms as close as he was able to, bulky armor and all.
The edges and roundings were smoother and more precise in a way that the resident smith’s craft was not. The man, Hogan, was skilled beyond question and worked with unparalleled efficiency, but his work was characterized by its rough and utilitarian features.
Once lined up, Tony sinks down, carefully first and then all at once when his arms fail to hold him up. Steve grunts at the sudden, all-consuming warmth and pressure and reflexively bucks his hips upward, relishing in Tony's answering moan that all but gets punched out of him.
Tony has to swallow, hard enough it makes a sound and something clicks painfully in his throat, but it's preferable to allowing the tears in his eyes spill or what feels like a
Last week, Steve comes home late from his morning run, with a cut on his jaw and more injuries mottling his arms and torso. He says, “They didn’t think that one through,” and nothing more until Tony finishes tightening the last bandage around his forearm.
For a moment just before he leaves, Steve hesitates. Tony stirs a bit and buries his nose deeper into the wall of fabrics surrounding him, seemingly instinctively. A majority of it isn't his wardrobe either, which becomes apparent when looking at all the plaid shirts and khakis included in the arrangement. Maybe Tony can tell they still smell like him, even after all these months that have passed.
Though the feast was being held in the great hall, the number of attendants in relation to the seats available was rather small. In the end, it came down to two dozen men and women; the host took his time to greet every one of them as they entered the hall with its tall ceiling and chandeliers glimmering in the candle light.
Tony shrugged, “Oh well, I’ll make sure to tell him thanks when I see him later. In the meantime can we get back to finalising this most recent breakthrough oh love of my life?”
Now, with them having (to some degree) moved on from their primal roots, Tony gives mother nature the one-finger salute, buys a weighted blanket and takes his knotting dildo to bed. Because asking for sex isn't hard, but asking for someone to cuddle up behind him and put an arm around his swollen belly afterwards is the one thing Tony Stark is too much of a coward to do.
Steve looks at the shadows and deepening lines in Tony’s face and knows there’s no real choice to be made here. This situation might not be fair to either of them, but no sensible person would try to force themselves on someone who’s not even had proper time to grieve yet.
He’s slicked with only spit, and Steve presses bruises into the skin where he’s holding him open. The tip of his cock nudges Tony’s opening immediately–Tony hardly has time to take a breath and try to relax. Steve pushes in, and not slow either, opening him up with sheer force of will. And then just force.
God, he’d wanted to, but saying it would’ve felt like forcing himself on Tony when Tony might’ve not even been ready to hear or reciprocate the sentiment, and that was the last thing he intended to do.
Steve will try to feign normalcy one moment and then turn around and start arguing about how they should talk to the team, a discussion which Tony consequently shuts down each time or doesn't even entertain. Contrary to what Steve seems to believe, he knows the smart thing would be to let them know. The more dignified solution however is this, and Tony isn't ready to get over himself yet.
Pepper leads them back to the house, where the rest of the Stark family is gathered. Steve isn't sure if it's his place to put a comforting hand on her shoulder, so he leaves it be.
“Tony, we did it!”
Back in the workshop, Tony wandered out from the kitchen still singing the praises of this mystery person. Stopping short when he says the plate of food but no super soldier masquerading as a mother hen, Tony tips his head to the side -
They also drove people completely batty when they were on to something.
“I love you and I believe in you. You can do anything you put your mind to!”
“I’m not sure how you know Natasha, and I don’t know if I want to find out but yes, I am in love with Tony.”
All this time spent with the Avengers, and the people who cared about and worked with them, was teaching Steve a lot. Not just cultural and social references, but about his teammates and people in general.
Just as she started to get out of earshot, she smiled as she heard…
Steve could wax lyrical about everything he’d learnt about Tony and it would still take a few days to get through. There was so much about the man that just continued to make Steve want to get to know him more. So many facets to his personality that Steve found himself falling more and more in love with as time went on. He knew that it was getting a bit ridiculous. He had sort of been invested from the moment he’d met the man on the helicarrier before everything seemed to go so very wrong, but it had got stronger the more he got to know the man.
All the tension left Tony’s shoulders all at once, resulting in him softly swaying forward and finding himself reaching out to the offered hand to help him balance. Steve carefully curled his hand round the slightly smaller one and used it to gently pull the slightly stunned billionaire towards him.
“I hope you’ve been taking care of yourself and that you got my present.”
There were two thoughts rolling around in his head. The first, how did Natasha know? The second, how long had he been in love with Tony?!
It was a small wonder the two could actually function around each other, they were so blind to the feelings and motivations of the other.
“...I love you so much. Honestly, I don’t know what I would have done without you. How can I know someone so brilliant and wonderful?! You are the love of my life, never leave me...”
“Let’s just double check JARVIS has everything documented and then I vote for a shower and a weeks worth of sleep.” Tony suggested as he wearily rubbed a hand over his face. He could feel a layer of grit and dirt on his face that he’d like to get rid of sometime soon.
“Did we just…?”
Steve finally lifted his head up from where he’d been gazing at his slowly growing colder cup of tea. Shyly he smiled at Nat and then sighed and did his patented self conscious little shoulder shuffle. Even Nat could admit it was cute, Tony had been known to walk straight into a door frame if he wasn’t prepared for Steve acting like he wasn’t six foot two of pure muscle, and instead the pre-serum sized man who was used to getting his own way by looking a little perplexed and sorry at the world.
Holoscreens buzzing and a spring in his step, Tony and JARVIS began working together almost like one person. JARVIS filed away the Captain’s reaction to hearing one of Sir’s frequent declarations of love to his AI and several floors above the previously mentioned super soldier could be found sat on his bed with his head in his hands wondering if there was ever going to be a time that his chest didn’t hurt.
The next time it was presented to her was when Steve first met Colonel James Rhodes, or Rhodey as he was more often known. At first she thought that Steve might have had a problem with the idea of gay men, the faces he was making as he saw Tony and Rhodey launch themselves at each other were extremely interesting. However it quickly became clear that that wasn’t the issue, instead there was a bit of jealousy, a hunk of confusion, and a nice and prominent bit of sadness that coloured the Captain’s actions and words.
It was all these things combined that found Natasha slowly cornering Steve in the common room at a time she knew the others would be out or occupied. She’d got some of Steve’s favourite snacks and was hoping that she would be able to drop enough hints that he could figure things out himself, but she had a back up plan (and a co-conspirator) if it didn’t work out.
Although he didn’t see her as often as he would have liked, Tony’s love for his Aunt Peggy knew no bounds and it was because of that that he had preserved everything she had ever sent him. There were cards for birthdays and christmases, some presents, several telegrams and then nearer the end of her life, quite a few audio recordings. Every so often, Tony got out his momentos and spent a bit of time remembering Peggy. This year was a special anniversary of her death and that meant the audio recordings got played and Tony tried to answer along to the questions she posed and to fill in blanks to tell her how well he was doing and how much he loved and missed her. It was a heart wrenching time for Tony, so he often went down to the workshop and initiated black out until he felt he could cope with seeing people after sobbing for a number of hours.
But Steve’s slow descent into love wasn’t really the problem. It was that Tony didn’t love him back…
********************************
Steve wanted to run and hide, but he looked closely and saw the uncertainty in the warm brown eyes in front of him. He knew that whatever he answered with, here and now, had the potential to affect every moment of his future going forward. Reaching out a hand, palm face up, the super soldier smiled carefully and sweetly at the man he loved and said “Of course Tony, I meant every word and so many more I haven’t had a chance to say yet.”
Before Tony could move or say anything, Steve had muttered something and turned around to head for the stairs. Finally finding some strength to push himself up, Tony forced his head away from Bruce’s and looked up at the ceiling (an unfortunate habit he’d picked up from Steve) and pulled a quizzical face.
“The Captain did enter briefly to bring you lunch but had to leave fairly quickly.” The AI answered not knowing how much more he should say.
“Thanks JARVIS, Don’t worry about me, just take me to my floor please.”
Steve choked as he inhaled a sip of his drink not at all expecting what he’d just heard from Natasha. Ok, so that wasn’t subtle at all but it occured to Natasha as she sat in front of him that this was a man who liked direction and not subterfuge. It was much better to just come out and say it and rip the plaster off.
“I know C, I’ve missed you so much!”
-----
“I am, and I did. I try really hard for you C. I don’t want to let you down.”
It was at this point that Steve thought it was time to ask how obvious he had been, what was it that had given him away? Natasha smiled softly and spent another ten minutes explaining all the ways that Steve had let his love for Tony shine through. She also took a minute or two to carefully rib Steve for the number of times he’d thought that Tony was in love with someone else. Some, she felt, had been understandable, others were just Steve’s insecurities getting in the way of his logic. Steve protested, as far as he was concerned it was weirder to assume that Tony didn’t have a love interest than the other way round.
Rhodey wasn’t around often but his help had been invaluable, both as War Machine but also as a wrangler for Tony when no one else seemed to get him to see reason. Steve had learnt one sure fire way that Rhodey seemed to need to feel like he was still being a good friend to Tony. Every couple of months he would come by and force Tony onto the common room couch and they would snuggle up with snacks and watch The Princess Bride. They quoted back and forth at each other, sometimes acted out their favourite parts, but always seemed to leave the room looking lighter after it was over. Evidently even Air Force Colonel’s needed decompression time with their best friend.
Natasha liked to spend time reading, it was something that she could do for pleasure, that was entirely her own and that didn’t need to have anything to do with her past or her future or anything else. Just a chance to sit and find herself whisked away to other places or times, with characters that lived short but happily lives in her imagination.
“My floor please JARVIS”
Several months later, when others have asked Tony about his relationship with Rhodey and been treated to a whole host of stories about young Tony at MIT and Rhodey being the person who took up the mantle of looking after him from Human Jarvis, Steve has recalibrated his world view once again. It had felt weird to fuss a bit over Tony when he’d thought Tony was in a romantic relationship but over the last couple of weeks Steve had been slowly doing little things to help Tony. Reminding him about team movie night, playing fetch with DUM-E when Tony was desperate not to be sprayed with the fire extinguisher, and bringing down at least one meal a day to the workshop if no one had seen Tony for 12 hours.
Trying desperately to keep his breathing steady, Steve quietly turned on his heel and headed back out of the workshop and into the elevator.
The earnest look in Steve’s eyes would have been enough to make Natasha explain anyway, even if she hadn’t already decided to, but it was the break in Steve’s voice that solidified her resolve. Over the next ten minutes or so, Natasha sat and detailed everything that she, and occasionally Pepper and Rhodey, had noticed about the interactions between the genius and the super soldier. The ways that Tony had worked to make Steve’s life easier, to find ways to comfort him when things had gone wrong or Steve’s own desire to help had got in the way of forgiving himself. Tony was there for the good days and the bad days, used ridiculous nicknames to make Steve smile, gave him new ways to occupy himself that would let Steve fall asleep properly, and made sure there was always enough food and enough warmth to go around.
