; it was time to meet his mate. Before Dean realized what was happening, he’d walked past the tree line and up to the pond, stopping where the snow met the ice. He stood there, waiting for his mate to pick up on his nearness.
Castiel scrunched up his nose. “I’m not really sure what a clearance rack is, but I got my clothes over there.” He pointed over to the corner of the men’s clothing aisle. “So if those are the clearance racks, then yes, I suppose I did.”
“What now?” Castiel asked drawing him out of his musings, cocking his head before a smirk spread across his lips. “Or did you just want to hold my hand?”
“Pups. Oh, um, well, um,” Castiel floundered, his cheeks turning as red as Rudolph’s nose.
“Mmm,” Dean growled as he wrapped his arms around his mate’s waist and pulled his flush against his body. “You know it gets me all hot when you remind me just how powerful you are.”
They stared deeply into each other’s eyes, both of them practically vibrating with want and need. Dean’s resolve snapped first. He surged down and wrapped his arms around Castiel, nuzzling his cheek against his mate’s. The omega bared his throat, allowing Dean to scent mark him until his inner omega was purring in sheer delight.
“I’m so glad to see you, too.” Castiel licked his lips before he lowered his tone. “Have you presented yet, brother?”
“Big babys,” Rowena rolled her eyes. “I think it’s adorable.”
. He had known Omegas, and even Alphas, during his life that had been matched and made to mate through an arrangement, but for it to happen to Cas? Someone so smart and handsome and
The Omega glanced over at Dean, watching as he held open the clue for Sam to snap his picture before reaching up and locking the bone back into place. When Cas looked back at Gabe he was typing on his cell phone, a look of determination on his face.
“Alpha,” Cas mewled wantonly as Dean continued down the Omega’s body, marking Cas as his. The Omega let out a moan of pure pleasure as Dean’s mouth closed around his left hip bone. Dean took his time kissing, licking, sucking, and biting each hip bone, leaving blooming bruises and sharp teeth marks with each press of his lips.
All eyes turned towards the tree. It’s trunk was gnarled and knotted, the bark was dark, almost black in the pale moon and lantern light. The branches twisted like contorted limbs to claw-like tips, leaving anyone who looked upon it with the foreboding thought they were going to creep down and snatch you up at any moment.
Dean smiled softly, picking up on the scent of content Omega filling the space around them, sharp and floral, but citrusy too. He cleared his throat, Castiel pushing the end of the flower into place before he glanced up, his blue eyes bright despite the shade they were in.
“Looks like,” Sam said as he strode over to the fireplace and grabbed two of the iron pokers from the holder. “We need to take a look around, see if we can find the couple running the hunt. Their car is out front, so they’ve got to be around here somewhere.” Sam tossed one of the iron pokers to Dean who caught it effortlessly with a small smirk.
“No,” Castiel growled low in his throat. “Only those I trust. Like I said he’s a friend,” he looked over to Ketch. “And he’s my partner,” he clicked his tongue as his eyes slid back over to Dean, “you should be able to trust your friends and partners, right?”
“Yeah.” Dean nodded with a snort of laughter. “Words of advice, Sammy, never take a joint from a guy named Don, or in Gabriel’s case, a bunch of plastic baggies of gummy bears.”
“Will you be okay doing this alone?” Dean asked as he placed everything on the sink countertop, before looking down at Castiel. “I could go get Ellen if you need me too.”
Dean glanced down and returned his attention to the cat’s neck, scratching beneath his chin. “I’m pathetic, aren’t I? Wanting someone that doesn’t want me.”
“No,” Castiel shook his head, terror radiating off him in waves. “Dean, I can’t go in there.”
“You wanna be bait?” Dean snapped.
of you as well.”
Cas shifted and rolled over as best he could in the cramped back seat, pushing his ass up and presenting to his Alpha. Dean growled as he gripped the globes of Cas’ ass and spread them wide, watching as his pink pucker spasm and leak slick down his balls. The Alpha dipped forward and chased the trail of juices, licking up the Omega’s balls and swiping his tongue across his hole. Dean licked and swirled his tongue around Cas’ rim, lapping away the slick greedily before pressing in and drinking Cas’ juices straight from the source.
“Oh, I
And shortly after the fifth anniversary of their mating, when Castiel’s heat was due, they made their way to Atlantis, to their nest. The only place they rode out Castiel’s heat. Once they were in Castiel’s room, there on the nestside table, like always, was the potion Rowena made for him. This time though, Castiel didn’t take it. They were ready to start trying for a youngling.
“Okay,” Dean nodded. He waved goodbye to Becky and the kids as he continued talking. “As cool as this is, I wanna check out the fifth floor before we have to find the group, and before they realize we’re missing.”
We hope you're feeling the love ♥
* Time to survive the deadly flame,
“Fine,” Dean held up his pointer finger, “but only one.”
“Alright.” Castiel smiled back as she gave his hand a gentle squeeze. “Can, uh, can Dean come with us?” He licked his lips and glanced over in Dean’s direction. The Alpha was quiet, looking between the two of them. Just his presence at the table during their conversation had made Castiel feel more comfortable and safe, and he couldn’t imagine having to go to a doctor without knowing Dean was there to make sure he was safe. He found himself gnawing on his bottom lip as he waited for Ellen’s answer.
When Castiel asked, wide eyed, how many people were coming, Ellen ruffled his hair and said, “About the usual. Maybe thirty?”
“I’m sure that's true, that they don’t know just how lucky they really are.” Ellen sighed and carded her fingers through her daughter’s hair. “That place would have done everything in its power to keep the Omegas from actually
“Now,” Gomez shifted in his seat, “this is how you win the cash prizes: First, you must pass in all of your teams coins when you show up at the final destination.” They all nodded again in understanding. “If you are the first team there and have all your coins, you’re automatically declared the winner. However,” he paused for dramatic effect, “if you arrive at the same time as another team and you both have all your coins, we will go off your car’s milage to see who was able to figure out all the clues in the least amount of miles.”
“Ah, There it is!” she smiled happily. “To answer your question, it’s happened before. Usually it takes a paradox, alteration of a fixed point. It was my wife’s fault last time, but that was localised. This time it’s all over the place.” She slotted the key in the Tatdis door. “So Geordi we are going to hook the TARDIS sensors up to the Enterprise and using some genius and a little luck, find out where this all started.” The Doctor was looking at him again, Sam shifted uncomfortably.
“Do we have to talk about this.”
“Try not to move, it may start bleeding again. If you won’t let me heal you this will require stitches.” Chris heard the irritation in his voice
“Ah Sassenach ancestors, well we can’t all be perfect,” Fiona tugged his shirt straight and pulled the blankets snug once again.
“well hot damn.” the man muttered. Cas followed his gaze.  A woman had entered the bar, her eyes flicked over the interior searchingly before she took the stool next to him and ordered a beer.
“This conversation is making me deeply uncomfortable” Cas interjected.
“He can blame us.” Sam sighed. “Look she’s going to die if we can’t find another way, dehydration or starvation.” he shut the book in front of him, and stood up. “We have to at least try.”
“How?” Cas swirled his own glass fretfully and scanned the crowd, no one even looked in their direction.
Canon divergent season 13, Angst, torture, pining, drinking, fluff, m/f sex, m/m sex (coming soon), wing kink, probable grace kink, hurt/comfort, grieving, canon violence. Talk of death and dying.
“No” Sam interrupted unable to stand the combined pity-fest any more. “This wasn’t about us, guys, this was about her.” Cas and Dean looked at him dubiously, “Look Asmodeus said he had been looking for her for years, specifically her.”
“This is an American tourist I plucked from the side of the hill last night, I told him he should come say thank you to your daughter”
“I think you know,” Something in her tone made every muscle in Dean’s body suddenly go tight, she knows, he thought bleakly she knows about Cas and me. His blazing anger settled into cold fury  and he glared back at her with utter loathing.
“because you need to stop, please just stop. This isn’t you!” a last chance, Cas saw her hesitate. “He is going to pay, for all of it”
“You kicked Chris out of here for no good reason, she has no-one Dean.”
“No Cas I’m not.”
“Cas, my friends call me Cas”
“It’s a long story, I swear I’ll tell you about it as soon as we catch up with her.”
“Watch your mouth.” The sound of the slap echoed off the stone walls, Asmodeus wiped a trickle of blood from his lip and stared at it in disbelief.  “A deal, you have a couple of things I want.”
“And shut what’s left of the door”
“Dean would be your boyfriend” It wasn’t a question she glanced at him briefly, smiling. “You were worrying about telling me that?”
He opened his eyes to Sam looking at him with a concerned expression. “Cas you’re awake, thank god. Are you alright?”
“Well, nothing new there ” Dean rubbed his eyes, “Look you go see if our house guest needs anything, I’ll go talk to mean and moody.”
“yes we are.”
“You know you don’t have to do that, I can read lips.” The grin widened into a smile, Sam shuffled his feet.
“Is that a corpse?” Sam asked.
“That’s not fair child, I was trying to protect you.”
“Well maybe if you had been straight with me from the beginning, I wouldn’t be in this mess.”
“And what are you planning on doing with that, pretty boy?”
“Choirboy,” she muttered, Cas heard the suppressed sob in her voice, her fingers stroked his hair.
“Yes and Deans for what its worth. You have mine, just in case you are ever in Louisiana and you need a hand.”
“You did?”
“its a long not very pleasant story.”
“I am so sorry, I didn’t know. I’m an asshole, ask anyone, Cas will tell you. I thought maybe they were a friends kids.” Sam couldn’t remember the last time he had heard Dean try and back pedal so fast. Gently he took the picture and placed it back on the shelf. “I’m sorry” his brother repeated, then caught Chris in a bear hug, she returned it gingerly, after about thirty seconds Cas coughed.
“I’m good,” Cas says with an air of tranquility.
“I came for you,” Cas said easily. “If you want me.”
Dean noticed right away that she was different. His question must have shown on his face because Eileen laughed and said, “Yes I got my hearing back when I got here.”
The waitress appears to refill their coffee and sideyes Dean, but he’s out of words for now, content with sitting in the atmosphere feeling a sense of peace for possibly the first time in his life.
Dean looked back at Cas. “So, you were about to tell me what you’re doing here.”
“Yeah,” Sam says, as he clears his throat. He’d been staring at Dean and Cas with that gear-turning sort of look again, but the question snaps him out of it. “She’s fine, good actually. I’m going to head over there tonight. Maybe we can all meet up for breakfast in the morning.”
“I think… whatever Jack did. I mean Chuck got rid of everyone… everything… and when Jack brought everyone back. Well, there’s no monsters. At least, not for now. Who knows if it’ll last but… there’s nothing. No weird occurrences, none of the usual signs, it’s… silent.”
And that’s when Sam runs in. “Dean? Woah!” he says as he rounds the corner and instantly covers his eyes.
“Goodbye,” Janet said with a wave.
“Sure,” Sam says, then walks out the door. Dean closes it behind him and returns to Cas, pulling him toward the bed. “Where were we?”
“Sammy,” Dean interrupted, knowing Sam would understand and wrapping him in a hug.
Sam wanders over to Dean while Cas looks for a movie to watch.
Castiel sat across from Dean, watching Dean. Dean could only stare back, wishing he could still read Cas’ mannerisms. He just wanted to know what this all meant.
“Dean!” she said with her regular, 100 watt smile. “Good news. I finally have your answer. Oh!” she suddenly exclaimed, turning to Cas. “You must be Castiel, the angel of Thursday. What an honour it is to meet you,” she said as she bowed.
“Cas.” Dean stopped and turned Castiel’s shoulders so he was facing him, hands now on the Omega’s shoulders to keep him from falling. “I’m not mad.”
Jo had done some recon, finding out who the brother’s spent the most time with outside of the family, inviting them with invitations Ellen had slipped her last week. She’d wrestled out of the brother’s what they were surprising Castiel with and she’d taken her allowance to find Luc the perfect gift: a box set of the Pendragon Series, one she swore he would love just as much as Harry Potter. The reason Bobby was running late was because he’d already picked up Gabriel, Charlie, Meg, and Ash and dropped them off at the house before circling back to pick them and Sam up.
“Here.” She opened the last door on the left and flipped on the lights, revealing a nice sized bathroom painted in hues of purple. She stepped off to the side and let them walk past her. “You boys take your time, we will be in the kitchen waiting.” Ellen gave them a soft smile and shut the door behind her, giving them privacy.
“Charlie, what the hell are you doing?” Dean yelled over, snorting as his best friend raised her hand to flip him off and went back to building… well, Dean didn’t know
“Oh honey,” Jody shook her head and grinned, “you just wait until you meet your perfect Alpha! You’ll be willing to let him or her ravage you wherever you are and you won’t care who’s around as long as you get that knot and bite.”
“Oh, me and my partner,” Dean wrapped his arm around Castiel’s shoulder and pulled him in, shooting Ketch a glare for good measure, “we got something. Cas,” The alpha nodded towards the omega’s pocket.
Dean waited another moment before he snorted and tossed it forward a few inches, just landing at the cat’s paws. “I see how it is,” Dean said as he watched the cat start to tear it apart with his teeth, the sound of him purring was louder than the cicadas. “You save a guy, and he still won’t let you scratch him behind the ears.”
Jo scrunched up her nose at the suggestion but sighed. “Yeah, I guess so,” she muttered and grabbed the pail. “We can dump these into the glass bowl in the dining room and wash our hands. If we try to wash our hands in the kitchen where Mom’s cooking? She’ll probably kill us.”
“Don’t,” Dean gently slapped his hand away, earning himself a glare. “Don’t poke at it. That sure as hell won’t make it stop hurting.”
True, the timing probably wasn’t perfect. But then again, he hadn’t expected the afternoon to end up with him and Cas sitting in their spot holding hands, either.
They stood there in silence for a few minutes before Gabe threw up his hands and proclaimed, “This house is clean!”
“Very well,” Castiel mumbled against his lips. “Star gazing wore me out.”
Jo accepted her mom’s hug, squeezing back as she buried her face into her mom’s chest, hoping to hide the way she was suddenly shaking. She hadn’t wanted to believe it when Dean told her, had even told him he was crazy and spending too much time on conspiracy, crack sites…
Sam shrugged and met Castiel’s eyes. “Also, Dean hates any form of research and studying, and I find it… really, really fun to annoy him.” Sam smiled and slid the book to the side, swinging his legs off the bed. “I gotta go take this call with Dean, but I’ll see you downstairs? We should probably ask Ellen if she needs help with anything for the barbeque.”
“What,” Castiel blurted out as he sat up.
Castiel snorted and shook his head. “Not for much longer.” He rolled the ball twice more before scooping it up and centering it on the body. “There.” He removed his hands once he knew it was secure and looked over at Dean.
“God, yes I do,” Dean panted as he ran his hands down Castiel's chest and gripped his Omega’s hips thrusting upwards, driving his cock deeper into his mate’s body. Castiel gasped, his body quivering when Dean’s cock nudged his prostate. The Omega reached up and placed his hand atop the cowboy hat, holding it in place as his head dropped back and eyes squeezed shut in pure unadulterated pleasure. Dean licked his lips as his gaze roved over his mate. The Omega’s rock hard cock was dripping precome on his stomach. His chest and face flushed, and the way fingers clutched at the cowboy hat made his dick throb inside his mate’s tight body.
. “I will
“No,” he answered quickly, wincing at the look of surprise she gave him. “I mean, I can just… do it later. It’s okay, no rush, right?”
cat.”
“Clearly,” Sam began as they started walking, “you and I have
disobeyed the rules I put forth? You want to play house under this roof and then act like the child again, coming to look to see what we’ve filled in the fridge?”
“Dean,” Castiel propped himself up on his elbows, “you’re my mate, he’s one of my best friends, therefore he’s part of our mismatched family.”
Jo winked and focused on her carrots, Ellen picking up her song softly behind them as she finished prepping ingredients for the potato salad. The kitchen was calm and Castiel looked up to meet his brother’s eyes, seeing the same sense of -- dare he say it --
. Alright,” Ellen nodded, “this stays between us.” She turned to Jo, then added, “
“How can I say no to that,” Dean sighed and opened his mouth.
The alpha let out a relieved sigh as the tallest hill at the far left of the cemetery came into view. He could see the flickering light from the electric lanterns and heard the faint sound of music. They were almost there, soon they’d be among their friends, his mate, and no longer only surrounded by the dead.
Dean gave a small laugh. “Yeah, I was kind of glad to get out of that job this year.” He smiled and glanced over at Castiel. “Bobby will spread out some sand beneath the fireworks, and he also will fill in the empty cartridges with it so they can’t keep burning and won’t light the grass on fire or anything.”
. A little too good. We waited until four in the morning and they were still tripping! So we had to lead them out of the cemetery; we couldn’t risk staying any longer or we surely would’ve gotten caught. And let me tell you, getting them out of the cemetery was like wrangling stray cats! Once we finally made it out, we decided none of them should stay alone that night. So Lisa went home with Meg, Andrea took care of Lestat over there,” he nodded towards Benny, “Michael stayed with Zar and Crowley. And I was the lucky one that ended up with Dean-O and Cassie duty.”
Castiel stiffened beside Dean as he eyed the beta. Dean and Lisa had known each other since kindergarten and been friends ever since they’d met on the playground. While his mate swore they’d never been anything more than friends, that he’d never had any romantic feelings for her, Castiel didn’t think that went both ways. From the moment
“Dis is guud,” the Alpha mumbled around a mouthful of the chilled treat.
“Oh please, we all know Sam was going to kick your ass anyways.”
“I thought I was being punked.” Gabriel snatched a Tootsie Pop from his pile of candy. “Thought they were all in on it until I noticed Benny digging through the cooler saying he needed to find his bags of blood. He was craving it and he needed it before he bit one of us. Crowley had positioned himself between Charlie and Dorothy; he was telling them that he was a Crossroads Demon and that he’d give them ‘Anything their hearts desired’ if they promised him their souls in ten years. And Zar,” Gabriel pointed the sucker at the man in question, “was apparently
Dean opened his mouth to ask that cock smoker what the fuck that was supposed to mean but was cut off—
As the sun started to set, Dean’s plate had been completely cleared and the cat was resting on the other end of the couch, its tail flicking back and forth lazily. He had his eyes closed but was purring softly and Dean chuckled. He looked like every cat’s picture of comfort.
Dean picked up the glass and eyed the red liquid before taking a sip. “It’s good,” he hummed. “Sweet.” The Alpha glanced past his mate to the King who was busy conversing with the two men on his left. He looked back to Castiel with a smile and lowered his voice to where only his Omega would here, “But not as sweet as your lips.”
“I just, I need a minute.” Castiel took a deep breath and let it out slowly before meeting Gabriel’s concerned gaze. “I never thought I would see you again.”
“Dean,” Castiel whispered as he ran his hand up and down his Alpha’s back. “Are you okay?”
“Any clue what it means?” Ketch muttered as he leaned over the table to check out the picture.
“You never know,” Dean huffed, “and I don’t fancy getting fricasseed.”
If only his Alpha would just wake up.
The group called out their affirmatives as they clapped and hollered. “Well alright then.” Luc grinned his eyes flicking over to Castiel. “Let’s get this show on the road.”
“I am glad the situation rectified itself, and relatively quickly. Though, I’m sure a week felt like much longer.” Shurley smiled again, clicking his pen before attaching it to the top of the page -- a habit Castiel had picked up on. The older man needed to keep his hands busy, apparently. “I was informed that the argument between the two of you was over your relationship with Dean and your Omega status,” he started, waiting for Castiel’s nod before continuing. “Your brother had some harsh words to say, and while they were in anger… I would like to hear what you think about them. How did they make you feel, other than the hurt over who they were coming from.”
“I was going to tell you, father, I swear I was.” Castiel babbled as he leaned against his mate, the two pressed together shoulder to shoulder. “It’s just, I just,” the Omega sighed as he stared down at the shimmering floors. “I wanted you to be proud of me, even if it was only going to be for a few hours.”
“Fine,” Dean grumbled as he leaned back against his mate and took a hearty gulp of his beer.
“Also,” Gomez pressed on, “for the clues at the site, make sure they stay where we have them. We only have one clue paper per site, and again we want a fair hunt so don’t take it with you. You are allowed to either write the clues down or take photos on your phone so you can have them with you.” He glanced at each of them, waiting for nods before clarifying, “Everything understandable so far?”
“I don’t know, Dean, that scythe looked so real.” He paused in the stairwell and met his Alpha’s eyes. “It’s voice, it was…” the Omega trailed off with a shiver. “And did you see its hand? It was bone, no flesh.”
Dean Winchester’s inner Alpha’s obsession was none other than the sixteen year old Omega son of his next door neighbor.
Castiel took a deep breath and blew it out slowly as his eyes scanned the vast space of the rooftop. The nurses station and kitchenette both were both in an unnerving state of decay, having weathered the worst of what Mother Nature had to offer.
Dean leaned against the island, taking a moment to study his mate’s ass, before he pulled up the text messages on his phone. Jo and Ash were on the early assignments tomorrow, so he sent a quick text to Kevin, asking if he was available to pick up a few lawns and to contact Jo. Then he sent a text to Charlie, telling her he wasn’t going to be in tomorrow and that he was ‘tied up’.
“Yes,” Castiel muttered as he picked at the hole in his jeans, twisting the small threads in his fingers. “Those were all things that Apostle’s Zachariah and Virgil would have delivered to God’s Playground from their farms monthly. So we have no, uh,
The momentum jarred Dean forward, his left hand slid off the blanket and his fingers curled into the cold ground, leaves crunched in his grasp. The omega let out a loud filthy moan as Castiel hot length filled him completely. Dean’s body clenched around the large cock invading his body and pulsed out more slick to help ease the way.
“Thanks, you’re not so bad for a Sea Witch,” Dean deadpanned as he pressed a kiss to her cheek and hugged her tight.
“Now,” he sat back down beside his brother, “is someone gonna tell me about the tree I just carved my name into?”
“El, they were only kissing,” Bobby started, but Ellen cut him off.
Castiel shook his head.
you with, little Omega.”
“I’m sorry that I pushed for us to go to Waverly.” Dean cupped his mate’s cheek and pressed a kiss to Castiel’s forehead. “And I’m sorry it gave you a nightmare.”
The doctor looked up at them and went back to his patient.
“Look at this.” Dr. Hudson moved the black light over one of the dead omegas’ right hand, revealing an ultraviolet hand stamp. “All the other bodies have them too, all on their right hand.”
Dean hissed at the cold wet feel of a lubed finger against his hole. “Sorry,” Cas mumbled as he kissed his way down Dean’s body, settling more comfortably between his thighs. Dean groaned as Cas gently pressed in up to his knuckle and Cas could feel his body tensing at the intrusion. Cas licked his lips. His heart was beating wildly from nervousness and excitement as he watched his finger disappear into the hot heat of Dean’s body. He watched as it slid in and out slowly, pushing deeper each time as he whispered words of encouragement.
“It is,” Castiel nodded to his Alpha as they swam over to the large marbled bench and sat down. “I’ve always loved the courtyard it has such a wonderful view of Atlantis.” A few younglings darted by quickly, laughing and chasing after a bale of frolicsome sea turtles. Castiel smiled over at Dean before turning his attention back to the chase, “I also enjoy watching the younglings play.”
“I’ll, uh...” Dean cleared his throat, eyes trailing over Castiel’s body. “Let me get something to clean you up with.”
Castiel followed Dean up the snow cover path surrounded by pine trees that were artfully decorated. The place was truly beautiful. It looked like it was straight out of one of those Christmas Hallmark movies Dean denied liking. Once they stopped in front of the honeymoon cabin Castiel took it in. Christmas lights followed the edges of the roof of the log cabin. The omega shook his head, log cabin? More like a hunting lodge slash mansion. It soared into the trees, looming over the other cabins on either side of it.
“I’ll try to remember that for next time,” Castiel deadpanned as he grabbed the pie server and dished out two slices. “You want ice cream with yours?”
say no to candy, told him hell yes! He gave me like ten baggies!” Gabriel furrowed his brow in thought. “Looking back now, I should’ve found it odd there were only two bears in each bag… but at the time I was just like, yay! Free candy!”
shut the gate behind you. An open gate would be a sure fire way to draw the attention from anyone driving by or making rounds.
“You’re wrong.” Castiel glared at Dean. “So very wrong. And don’t call it a cult, it was my home, my family! And it was people like
Cas groaned, swiveling his hips, the movement lighting a fire in Dean. He pulled back out to the tip again, and thrust back in, harder this time. Repeating the movement over and over.
Castiel trailed off, watching his mate stare at his lips in dazed lust. This was the first time the Siren had ever sung to seduce an Alpha, and his inner Omega was preening. He could smell Alpha arousal pouring off Dean in waves as he moved in closer for a kiss.
Benny snorted and reached for the flask, letting Dean know he was forgiven. “Andrea and I are trying to have a baby,” Benny said suddenly and Dean raised an eyebrow, looking over. “We, uh, matched my heat and her rut so, you know, hopefully it will take.”
“You can have that title,” Sam took a sip of his coffee with a shit eating grin of his own, “because I’m sure I’m gonna be Cas’.”
“Oh Santa,” the Omega groaned as he smashed their lips together, mumbling against them, “very naughty.”  Castiel wrapped his legs around Dean’s waist and rolled them. The Omega gleamed down at his Dean, drawing his bottom lip into his mouth. The scent of shocked aroused Alpha filled the space between them.
“And you think my inner alpha doesn’t?” Castiel quirked a brow at his mate. “The fact that you smell like arousal, me, and sex has my inner alpha wanting to pounce you and knot you again.”
, Cas.”
“Dean,” Castiel shuddered as a cool breeze whipped through the room. “Give me your damn jacket or this train leaves the station.” The Alpha starred as his coat, then up at his mate, then again back to his leather jacket. “Fine,” Castiel sighed as he moved to reach for his jeans.
Dean found himself smiling as he let himself in the side door, slipping off his shoes and dropping his keys and wallet on the side table. He slipped into the kitchen and pressed himself against Castiel’s back, smiling as he inhaled the scent of mate and home and --
“Cas,” Dean growled as he lunged forward and pinned his mate against the wall. “Are you trying to tempt me?” The alpha placed his hands on both sides of Castiel’s head, boxing him in.
” Sam chuckled as he finished the chorus. “Looks like they’re playing your song, Dean.”
Cas let out a long sigh as his fingers twitched on the wheel. Of course, this was how he was going to repay the man for giving him a shot as head pastry chef, by being late on his first damn day. If being late wasn’t bad enough, the boss himself was coming in to personally welcome him to the team.
Dean groaned as he took a bite of the pie. “Sammy,” he mumbled loudly around the mouthful, “Gabe is my new favorite brother. He brought me pie.”
“You are so much like your mother.” Triton chuckled as he smiled faintly. “She had the same doubts too, you know.”
Sam blinked awake, reaching up to rub the sleep from his eyes before pushing himself into a sitting position. It took him a moment to realize what had woken him, then, “Dean? What the heck are you doing?”
Ellen rolled her eyes, but nodded anyways. “They’re good kids… it shouldn’t be too bad.”
“Okay, Cas,” Dean nodded again, “and you’re goddamn right I’ll be there.”
“Great,” Benny grumbled, “now I want to listen to the
“Dean,” Sam groaned, “don’t even think about it... Wait,” Sam paused slicing the velveeta cheese for the broccoli casserole, “on second thought, go ahead. Put on your best moves! He will
“Have a seat.” He motioned toward the chair with a playful flourish.
Dean moved one hand from Castiel’s waist and raised it to cup his cheek, stroking his thumb over the Omega’s hard jawline. The Alpha leaned in and pressed his lips against Castiel’s warm, soft ones. It was just a brief kiss, a very chaste brush of the lips, but it had Dean’s heart beating like he’d ran a marathon. He felt Castiel smiling against his lips and the Alpha knew he’d been just as affected.
“Okay,” Dean nodded and smiled reassuringly, biting back the urge to ask what the deal was with Cas and his mother. Castiel accepted the response and leaned back, turning his head to the side to look around the living room. Dean started again, gaining Castiel’s attention back. “First I’m going to do a neuro check,” Dean explained as he reached for his phone.
“I honestly didn’t know what to say…” Ellen admitted, snuggling into Bobby’s side. “I told him that it was getting late and he needed to sleep, but that we would talk more in the morning. I think we’re going to need to talk with Doctor Shurley about it. Maybe Lucifer needs to go back to three days a week for a little while? I’m not sure… I just don’t want to mess this up, you know?”
A smile spread across Dean’s face as Finn pushed into it. He ran his hand along the top of Finn’s head, and scritched behind his ears. “You’re kind of cute,” Dean cooed as the sea lion plopped his head down in the Alpha’s lap.
Who's ready for some Christmas Eve fluff with our favorite true mates?!
“I wouldn’t do anything to hurt him,” Dean replied, shaking his head. “I know… I know what Castiel is saying now, but outside of his heat, he’s not ready for anything relationship-wise. I wouldn’t betray that trust or the friendship we’ve built, Ellen.” He waited and cleared his throat. “I can control myself.”
The chattering around the table ceased when they noticed the Omega brother’s just standing there, eyes downcast. Ellen glanced over at Bobby who was dishing out potatoes onto his plate. He set down the bowl and cleared his throat. “Castiel, Lucifer, come join us, please.” They looked up and Bobby gave them what he hoped was a reassuring smile.
“I’ll miss her”
“Really, you don’t have much of an accent.” At the mention of England, Dean stiffened and threw Sam a warning look.
“No Dean, I won’t leave it. You need help or do you think I don’t know about those bottles of scotch you have stashed in your room.”Sam at least had the decency to whisper the last bit of that sentence. Even so Dean glared at him.
“SammY!” Dean shouted and pounded on his brothers bedroom door. “Sam get out here!”
“It’s similar, we may have to adjust it slightly for a nephilim. I’ll need Cas to help me go through the Enochian” Sam looked at his brother. “Maybe you should go check on him.”
Sam opened the door yawning and scratching his head.
“This is your car?” Sam was surprised to say the least “nice” it’s paint was as glossy as Baby’s, but its lines were more compact.
“Not really, I lost my temper. You should really just let them throw me in the brig now Doc, I mean Cas.”
“Because you needed help now.” Cas stood up and crossed to the replicator, “I’m going to give you something to help you sleep.”
“Pardon?”
“Me too buddy, but we can’t save everyone you know that” Dean turned Cas’ face towards him, and hesitantly kissed him. “But that doesn’t mean we won’t try deal?”
“Save her, she has done nothing to deserve this.” Cas snarled.
“As I said sir, it’s quite small barely registers on our sensors.” Vasquez replied with more fire than Sam himself could have managed. Worf didn’t seem to notice, he turned to Sam.
“How did your husband die?”
“How well do you know Chris?” Sam’s question surprised him.
Cas moved quickly and laid his hands on her hips. He nuzzled her neck, letting his tongue briefly linger against her skin. He felt her shiver and smiled as she stretched her neck back for more. “Were you teasing me?” he whispered, sliding a hand under her shirt and cupping a breast; liking the way she huffed out a little sigh of pleasure and pushed her buttocks against his crotch.
“Loki, god of mischief”
“Sorry sir” Dean took a step towards the door “Dick” he muttered.
“I’m not a fan of Mars, so that’s an option or-”
“Deal”
“Okay so how do we wake her up”
“Winchester” Cas wasn’t sure why he said that, it seemed natural.
“Yeah it’s me”
“Yes, are Jack and Sam okay?”
“I could say the same thing to you.”she murmured turning to look at him, Her eyes were a dark, deep brown with a hint of gold shimmering here and there. “So, what’s an angel like you doing in a dive like this?”
“I’m sure they are great Cas” Dean quipped, trying to diffuse the situation.
“You lucky bas-did you hear that?” a door swung shut somewhere, they both froze listening. “The house is warded?”
“We?”
“Your dream, it wasn’t like your normal nightmares was it?” Cas asked softly, and lay down next to him. Dean tried to ignore the warmth of Cas’ body pressed against him, it was disconcerting. All those fantasies he had locked up deep within himself, none of them had prepared him for the skin on skin reality.
“Hello”
“Can you hear that?” Chris pulled away from Cas and took a fumbling step. Dean grabbed her arm.
“It’s Wednesday.”Linda narrowed her eyes, “Is that you Doctor?”
“Yes, I could eat”
“No darlin’, I’m a midwife,” she pulled the blanket down and the T-shirt up, Cas winced as she placed the end of the stethoscope on the tender skin of his chest. “I’m sorry sweetheart, I need to check your chest is clear, take a couple of deep breaths for me,” Cas did as he was told, Fiona nodded, her expression becoming less serious. “That’s good lovely, I think you are okay. So what’s your name?”
“You created nephilim, you broke the rules!”Despite his fear Cas was angry.
“I’m sorry, but I have to go to bed now.” he told them and shot out of his chair. Dean watched him go nonplussed.
“Tension, like something’s building inside me.” She flexed her hands, golden light shone under her skin for a second before vanishing. Cas watched it flicker and die in dismay, a hazy memory from long ago poked at him, I’ve seen this before.
“Sleep” Cas let out a sigh “I found it the most difficult thing falling asleep, but I miss it now. Too sleep”
“Hey, come on now laddie don’t be dead” a female voice Scottish?,Cas’ confused brain threw a name at him.
“I came to you for help, not a lecture.” Chris wiped a bitter tear from her cheek.
“Enough! You are young and stupid,” Ariela hissed. “So I will forgive you.”
“You know what little brother,” Dean stood up and leaned over until he was inches from Sam’s shocked face. “I don’t care about any of this crap any more, our friends are dead because some idiot on the bridge made a stupid ass decision. Charlie and Kevin are dead.” Dean realised he was shouting, every one in ten forward was looking at him. He straightened up, swung round and collided with some one behind him, he looked up well, that’s just great.
“Goodnight Mr Holmes”
“I’m not sure how to achieve that.” He looked confused, Chris smiled and grabbed the knot of his tie.
“That’s the Impala isn’t it”
“send me with her.”
“You remember her.” Another nod. “We’ll see her soon, I promise.”Chris held out her hand, “lets go.”
“And their mother?”
“I know you are Dean.”
“maybe, it seldom works though”
“I suppose some meaningless sex could help”
“Cas buddy, your girlfriend might die and you basically told her that she is weak and to calm down” Dean folded his arms and raised an eyebrow at him “You’re lucky to be alive.” Cas couldn’t help shooting Dean a look of pure anger.
“Sam let me heal that for you.”
“Sure”
“Oh come on, you couldn’t know that.” Gabriel dropped down beside her, Chris let herself lean against his shoulder.
“About what Cas?”Dean was still avoiding his eyes, he sipped his whiskey nonchalently.
“Oh no, you don’t choirboy. You need to tell me exactly what just happened.”
“And the fly boy?”
“Chris, you really should rest and I should talk to Dean.”
“Okay,” Linda sighed and looked down at her notebook. Only three pages left that wasn’t going to be enough, she leaned down and picked up a fresh one. “lets start at the beginning.” These two were so tangled in denial, it was a wonder they managed to walk straight; straight Linda allowed herself a small chuckle, there was nothing straight about either of them. At least she could get some more pointers on how not to raise a nephilim. She wrote ‘don’t let Charlie burn his soul off’ in capital letters in the margin of her notes and circled it twice.
“Who knows, he hasn’t exactly been firing on all thrusters since he got back.”
“I knew there was something different about you, what did you do to her aingeal an tighearna.” Cas gaped at her, aingeal an tighearna translation: angel of the lord, so she knew then.
“No not in a good way, he told me to go to sick bay.”
“Must of been hard raising those kids alone.”
“You are an excellent officer Sam, you have an exceptional record. You have a bright future”
“Cas if she so much as looks at any of us wrong, I’m going to deep fry her wings.”
“your accent is still terrible though” Cas added as he stepped into the ashy circle and stared down at Chris sleeping on her make shift bed.
“ Uh, why do you want to know?”
Cas had loved the farmers market, watching Chris choose fruit. Sometimes she would call him over, introduce him to someone. Sometimes she would urge him to taste something or admire some handicraft. She had called him over to one stall in particular where a grizzled old farmer was selling  pots of golden honey. “Cas this is Larry, he is our local go to man for all your hunting needs.” Cas had shook hands with the man.
Dean sprawled on the couch, a heavy antique tumbler of prohibited scotch in his hand. He drank it down in one gulp and poured himself another. The meeting with the doctor, with Castiel, had stirred up a bunch of memories that he really did not want to deal with. He twisted the glass, watching the light sparkle in the cut edges. The slivers of brightness reminded him of sparks, embers dying, remembered screams echoed in his mind. He closed his eyes and willed the memory away, concentrating on the feel of the glass in his hand. “I’m sorry”, he told the lurking shadows. There was a swoosh as the doors opened and Sam breezed in.
“Sir my reasons are my own.”
“But you will be alive, you would live”
“More than your friend I think.” Asasa snorted. Cas swallowed hard and stared at his feet. The old woman laughed “Well now just when I think I have seen everything, a blushing angel.”She turned away, “Chris a word with you please, in the back”
“Good, I’ll leave the mistletoe up”
“Where’s your boyfriend? Awwww did you two break up?” He was trying to bait her.
“Thank you.” Pensively, Cas swirled the amber liquid around his glass. He could feel Chris’ eyes on him again.
“Runs in the family, obviously. Can we go somewhere warmer now?”
“Are you going to give me some more advice, because I don’t think I want it.”
“I’m not any kind of monster, Dean. I’m a hunter just like you.”
“I’ll see you tomorrow, for our session 1200hours don’t be late.”
“But what if she dies, what’s that going to do to him?”
“I don’t think there will be a next time Dean, my judgement has clearly been impaired.” Dean felt his heart sink a little, Cas seemed completely disconsolate and Dean couldn’t stand it.
“OL DOOAIN I Ariel PASH “ she said softly and then she screamed. A high pitched ululation that made Dean clap his hands over his ears. Chris dropped to her knees, head tipped to the heavens and her eyes glowing gold.
“Why didn’t we pick it up sooner?” Worf stepped forward to peer at Vasquez’s console.
“Not your fault” she whispered in his ear.
“Then I won’t take the truck.”
“So what are angels driving these days?”
“yellow alert Lt. Winchester, hailing frequencies open.”
“Would you like me to tease you?” His other hand plunged downwards, his fingers felt the smoothness of her panties.
looks like the universe maybe in trouble, Cas deals with a once again drunk Dean, sam meets someone we all love and miss and the doctor starts putting things together.
Linda was trying to eat her lunch when without even knocking, her newest client strutted in and threw his tall gangly, sunglasses wearing form on to her couch with an overly dramatic groan. She put down her bagel and glared at him. “Do you have an appointment?”
“Yes Jack, she is” Ariela caught Cas’ eye, the hopelessness he saw there chilled him to the bone.
“That’s tomorrow, for now just go and show her how glad you are she is back” Dean and clapped Cas on the shoulder. “Tomorrow we will worry about the other stuff.”
“I hurt you,” he felt her sigh.
“Oh” Cas gnawed on his lip. “So you think I’m an idiot.”
“Cas right now we don’t know what is wrong and I am not taking chances. Now C’mon!”
“I’ll take care of Dean, its what I do.”
“Where the hell-”
things get desperate, and sometimes endings are not always happy ever after.
“Do you think he’s in trouble?”
“yeah you’re going to have to be a bit more specific there buddy.” Dean sat down and poured himself another whisky.
“Charlie, sometimes Kevin, I know they are not real, are you going to tell anybody about this?”
“Do I really want to know about this dream Dean?” Sam grinned at his brother. “It sounds kinda personal.”
“Thank you”
“that’s good” A voice unmistakably Castiel’s called out accompanied by a soft female moan.
“Doc,I can’t-”
“No Cas, not yet” Sam answered, he approached the table and sat down. “I’m sorry, Chris .But I’ll keep looking, there must be something right?” Cas felt her fingers spasm, gripping his shoulder tighter.
“Both, its normal where I am from” and where was that heaven? Dean found himself thinking. The Doctor flipped open his tricorder, ran it along Dean’s prostrate form. He smiled slightly obviously pleased at the results. “Your injuries have healed nicely, now if I remove these restraints will you behave?”
“We extract her grace, I don’t like it, but at least she will be alive.”
“He said I had to give up my grace,” Chris admitted.
“How do you know?” Chris took a sip of the sweet sticky concoction Gabriel had insisted she try and tried not to make a face.
“Dartmoor, in England, a couple of universes to the right.” Ariela watched Chris struggle to her feet, a cut on her arm was bleeding profusely, she clutched at it staring at the blood in confusion.
“Why shouldn’t I Cas ? you hurt me ,I hurt you” she twisted her hand and Dean sagged to his knees. “That’s what we are now, right?”
“I am now, are you safe?”
“Oh come on, just throw me in the brig” Dean was getting angry again, and the pity he saw in those too blue eyes was not helping. The doctor laid a reassuring hand on his shoulder.
“Sometimes a girl has to turn the tables, can’t let you have it all your own way.” Her hand skimmed his inner thigh and he shivered.
“When? You look like terrible. you’re moody as hell, your attitude stinks. If you carry on like this you are going to end up in the brig.”
“Mother!”
“You punched commander Riker in the face”
“Hold on to me, don’t let go.” Hesitantly she slipped her arms around him resting her head against his chest. Cas pulled away a little and looked down at her face, her eyes were tightly shut, he stroked her cheek and kissed her forehead softly. She responded by kissing him on the lips. “Time to go” Cas muttered and kissed her back fiercely.
Dean turned his attention to Chris, he pulled her shirt down and stared at the bite and the bruised skin. Experimentally he touched the red angry thing, a tiny amount of pus slipped out. “Gross” he glanced up at Cas meeting his eyes directly for the first time in a long while. “this needs cleaning again, looks infected.” Dean wandered over to a cupboard and extracted a first aid kit. “you want me to do it?”
“Really? Look at what I did to you.”
“Yes”
“Dean!” Despite everything Sam laughed.
“I just wanted it to stop” she muttered, Cas didn’t answer. He kissed her forehead, she felt it then. His love, his fear of losing her. Carefully she touched his ravaged cheek and let the golden light pull the skin together smoothly.
“Fine, we’ll ask him, but my two cents..bad idea.”
“Tell me he did not just say that..” Dean covered his face.
“You are safe now.”
“Don’t”
“We’ll see.” Asasa said it blithely, as if nothing but time were needed to prove her right.
Ariela had just turned the sign on the shop door when Chris’ scream for help seared across her consciousness.
“Yes, intriguing, if it is not an error.” Sherlock drummed his fingers on the desk, he could see them in his mind. Three revenant stars spinning in perfect harmony, perfectly balanced, perfectly matched and devouring everything in their path like cosmic vampires.
“Just an FYI, you may want to turn the music up for the next hour or so” He raised his eyebrows at them and vanished again.
“That’s a good boy.”
Cas had no idea where he was, in fact if asked he would probably have difficulty explaining who he was anyway. His brain felt like it was full of cotton wool and even his teeth hurt. The air around him was full of thick heavy snow flakes and it was dark, some where in the north then? He pulled his phone from his pocket with shaking fingers and squinted at the screen, it was fried. He held the power button for a few seconds in the futile hope that it would resurrect itself, nothing not even a blip. Cold was invading his body now, he tugged his trench-coat over his slashed chest and forced himself to move. It was hard going, the snow came up to his knees in some places as he lurched from tree to tree trying to head downhill, The driving snow obscured his vision so that he didn’t see the precipice until it was to late. His foot plunged through the crust of snow that had formed a ledge above the drop, he tried to throw himself backwards but he missed and suddenly he was tumbling and rolling down the steep slope, fingers clawing the air for anything to slow down his headlong descent.
“Yes, people are not always pleasant.” Fiona pulled in next to a small white washed building with a blue sign proclaiming itself to be ‘The Applecross Arms’. She turned to him head tilted on one side.
“Sorry, this was the only way.”
“Thank-you, Dean.” Cas was surprised he had expected a fight, recriminations, but deans anger had vanished as quickly as it came.“I really do love her you know.”
“Sorry Giles” Dean let himself smirk.
“Neither, of you show Baby the respect she deserves” Dean wagged his finger at his brother and his friend.
“Explain what?” Sam asked as he walked in, his right eye was swollen and purple. He poured himself a coffee and leaned against the counter.
“I don’t have time to stop, there must be something useful in this place” She pulled another book from the pile next to her. Cas approached her cautiously, he was at a loss to deal with the current situation. He took the book from her and took her hands in his, kissing the knuckles.
“Why worry the girl until it’s necesary?”
“In the cupbaord next to the stove.” Cas dashed back into the kitchen and found the salt. As he fumbled in the cultlary draw for a sharp knife, the  house began to smell of the sea, that briny iodine smell. He returned to Fiona and saw that she could smell it too.
“fraid not, disappeared out of the cells, the locals aren’t happy. There is a nationwide APD out for the pair of them.”
“perchance to dream?”
“I’ll give you a hypospray, it’s set for the correct dose. Use it when you need too.” John held out the hypospray, Dean took it gingerly.
“I’m not sure, I’ve always been able to see what others could not. My mother called it a gift, it’s more of a curse sometimes.”
“Yahweh, Tetragrammaton, Elohim, El Shaddai, and Elyon, I bind you with your own names, I bind you with the prayers of the faithful” Nothing happened, Chris stared round with wide eyes, she felt Gabriel’s hand cover hers gripping the blade over his heart with her “I demand you come forth, or I will take this one, I will take your son”
“Put her down Asmodeus” Cas growled, his eyes flashed blue.
“It’s okay Chris, I got this” Gabe gasped, twisting his head to catch her eye.
“Yeah exactly, do you want to spend the rest of your life waiting ?” Sam didn’t say waiting for who exactly, but he knew what Sam was referring too “you have her number, call her.” Cas reached for his cell, he hesitated.
“Now tell me all about it.”
“Cas I am so sorry you have to go through this-” Dean stopped, the words drying up. How could he explain any of this to anyone? Cas stood up abruptly, Dean realised he had messed up. “What are you doing?”
“But I didn’t do anything wrong at least not on purpose.” Dean rolled his eyes at that statement.
NSFW, Cas and Dean make their lives more complicated, Chris searches for a way to heal herself.
“No, please just get me back to the motel” he nodded and slipped an arm around her waist, pulling her to her feet easily.
“I’ll do it when we leave” Gabe mumbled.
Just when Dean was starting to think that this was going to go on forever, there was a noise, wings again but smaller. He spun round drawing the angel blade he had stowed in his jacket.
“Doctor Crusher will meet you when you come aboard.”
“That’s what I said” Dean snagged Sam’s beer, earning a look of mild annoyance from his brother. “My need is greater,” he took a swig and turned back to Cas.  “We can’t do this to her buddy.”
“You should eat, here” he passed her a greasy package. “I’m sorry, its burgers. Only place open, but I used to quite like them when I was human.”
“Their bodies were never found.”
“You are not my elder.”
“I don’t think I can,” he couldn’t see much of her face it was shadowed by a woolly hat and a scarf drawn over her mouth.
“Just a nightmare, buddy,” Regretfully, Dean slipped out of warm embrace and groped for the bedside lamp. He flicked it on and turned back, Cas looking at him with concern, his hair rumpled, those eyes darkened to midnight blue in the dim light; Dean’s breath caught painfully in his chest. “Oh fuck” he muttered. Cas’ forehead creased and he tilted his head in confusion.
“To bind God, make him fix me” she rubbed her face tiredly, fingers pressing against the now near constant headache in her temples.
“She was right! What you did to them was cruel, you told them to love humanity and when they did, you punished them.” The power was running up her spine, sending coruscating waves of pain through her body.  “you forbid them from ever being loved back, I’ve seen what your rules have done.”
“Good” The force holding him down disappeared. Dean sat up slowly, back muscles cramping. He smiled nervously at the Doctor.
“That’s up to your brother, if his psyche evaluation is clean, he will be court marshalled. He did strike a superior officer.”
“really young Skywalker?”
“Don’t disrespect the Buffster, she was hot.”
“Dean what’s wrong”
“you don’t ” it was an honest answer.
Then there was these two, Linda peered over her glasses at them in resignation. Dean was sat at the extreme end of the couch arms folded, pointedly looking away from Castiel. Who for his part just stared at him with pleading puppy dog eyes. “So how have things been going since our last session?”
“you know what ever it is your scratching at, you should stop before you make it bleed.”
Cas missed sleep, odd how the thing he had found hardest to deal with when he was human, was the one thing he missed the most. At the bunker he used to listen in on Sam and Dean’s dreams, sooth away their nightmares. At least he had until Dean had mentioned how often Cas was a bit player in his night time imaginings, especially that one reoccurring dream neither of them would ever discuss. So he had withdrawn and spent the night hours distracting himself from loneliness by any means necessary. But now with Chris curled in his arms, he wished for sleep, he hungered for it. Just to rest with perfect trust in the arms of his beloved, not his only beloved he had to admit that, but the one who could accept what he had to give without injury. It was no good, he slipped out of bed, pulled on pants and padded silently down the hall.
“Okay choir boy.” He didn’t deserve the understanding in her voice. He left grabbing his trench coat and trying to crush the feeling that he was a coward.
“Oh Jack, I’m sorry. I should have told you what was going on.”
“There’s some things I would like to try” he scooped her up “Bedroom?”
“Oh god” he muttered to himself and quietly backed away from the door, not even Chuck himself could have induced him to knock. Instead he headed for the kitchen wishing he was deaf.
“How did you find me, sweet thing.” bravado, Chris was grudgingly impressed, even when staring defeat in the face Asmodeus wasn’t giving up.  She mounted the steps of the dais, ignoring the nausea that crept up her throat the closer she got to the demon. She leaned forward and spat in his face.
“Such regret blue eyes, there’s a story there.”
“Dean that’s enough!”Sam sounded appalled, his brother actually walked around the table and stood behind Chris, he even put a hand on the bitch’s shoulder.
“Yes I suppose.”
“Take my grace, now. Before I change my mind, or I hurt anyone else.”
“Dean!” Sam glared at him again, Dean shrugged. “i think she was bitten by a Jorogumo the Asian spider demon, according to the lore they are a hybrid of Djinn and ghouls. They infect victims through biting them and keep them in a dream state..until they decide to eat them.”Sam hesitated, glancing at his brother.
“I love you too-” he called and was gone, dissolving into blue light and descending heavenwards through the ceiling. Fiona turned away and threw herself against Cas, he held her tight and let her cry, grief he realised was a thing better shared.
“oh” Sam couldn’t think, he knew he was gawping like a goldfish, he couldn’t help it. Picard didn’t notice.
“Very funny” Sam’s fingers inexpertly formed the signs, he was rusty as hell.
“You’re right Cas, she’s family now. Okay, Sam call Ariela, she likes you. But first we are going to make a few preparations. I don’t want to be caught with my pants down by the mother in law.”
“I’ll see you for our session tomorrow, wait here for your escort” John stood up and walked to the door.
“Yeah, Gabe if this doesn’t work-”
“Yes, obviously”
“Lets not worry about that, right now” he lifted her hair out of the way and kissed the nape of her neck. “I’m sorry.” he kissed her again just below her ear. “I’m sorry” another kiss where her shoulder met her neck, She sighed.
“So did it hurt?”
“Dude, he has been sat in that room for the last six hours, go talk to him!”
“Was it his fault!” Asasa rounded on Cas, who ridiculously found himself stepping back from the frail old woman.
“Chuck, I’m not six. You can’t buy my co-operation with shiny toys.” She turned away, picked up a stone and skimmed it across the water.
“it doesn’t matter what it is Sam, I should be able to heal her,” Dean heard the frustrated tone in Cas voice.
“you know I’ve had some bad breakups; Kali was a nightmare, bunny boiler that girl. But that’s cold.”
“yeah” Sam agreed, “sure doesn’t look like a fight.”
“You broke the warding!” The momentary panic in her voice, hidden almost immediately gave away her guilt. Asasa seemed to sag and grow older before his eyes, “Your Daddy asked me to do it.”
“You love me, brother”
“Why are you upset?” she was in his arms in two quick strides. “What did you say to her?” He demanded, his eyes flickered with light and he raised his hand.
“Really? Interesting.” The Doctor gave him another speculative look, as if she were trying to figure him out.
“Like hell we do, She’s gone end of story.”
“What do you mean.”
“Why don’t you just kill me?”
“Its my fault, Ariela warded you on a quantum level, when I broke it-”
“I see the power is not back on yet” Fiona was standing behind him arms folded into a chunky Arran sweater, she looked small and tired this morning.
“Alright” Chris let herself smile and down the drink “That was gross”
“Shut up Sam.” Dean sat up straight and took a deep breath, “When you meet someone you really care about, you will do anything for them. You will move heaven and earth to keep them safe, because the thought of losing them will make you feel sick to your stomach. Do you understand?”
“You better Sammy.” Sam cut the call and smiled to himself as dean sailed back in.
“Cas it’s going to be alright we can fix this. I promise you, Sam and me, we will help you. Right now lets go downstairs, fix the warding and think.” Dean gripped him by the shoulder and steered him out of the room. “Sam take a look around, and check the dead guys pockets, I’ll take care of Cas.”
“You are an Angel” She muttered picking it up.
“We should gear up” Sam practically jumped out of his chair, Dean gestured to him to go. As his brothers footsteps faded into the distance, Dean took Cas by the shoulders and made his friend look him in the eye.
“I didn’t remember, some of my past is lost to me, its just bits and pieces. Images without context.”
“Hello Dean”
“That’s cruel”
“Chris you aren’t thinking straight, I’ll protect you, I promise-”
“Maybe your Chris wouldn’t, but she is not the same person anymore.” Sam said softly. Dean bit his lip even to his ears that sounded a bit condescending.  Cas’ fist landed on the table with a bang and he surged to his feet. There was a moment of furious silence, broken only by a metallic clank as Jack dropped his spoon.
“Need to know what?” Sam leaning forward his face creased with concern.
“Or?” Picard prompted.
“Right, well that’s great, just great Cas.” Dean paused and for once looked Cas in the straight in the eye.
“I beg your pardon?”
“Yes Dean, I’m sure”
For a while the intricate dance and interplay of matter and energy kept him occupied. He examined the previous survey data, which was sparse and since it was two decades old, now nearly obsolete. The presence of both tachyon and tetryon particles had been noted, which was not unexpected though the concentrations made Sherlock frown. His communicator was lying on the desk, he tapped it. “Holmes to Data”
“I suppose that’s true.”He turned to look at her, an almost smile twitching his lip. “Is there anything else I should know about you?”
“Cas knows where to find me, if he wants to.” She looked a little sad.
He hesitated before knocking on Cas’ door, feeling guilty that he had left his best friend alone to stew for so long. There was no response to his knock, he thought about just leaving it. “C’mon Winchester don’t be a coward” he muttered to himself and tried the door handle, it was unlocked. The room had been trashed, dresser tipped over, pictures ripped from the walls and the in the middle of the chaos was Cas. He was perched on the edge of the bed in his shirt sleeves with his hands covering his face. Cas’ shoulders shook and he seemed to curl in on himself. Dean was at a loss, he wasn’t sure he could handle Cas crying. Dean kicked a broken lamp out of the way and Cas looked up, it wasn’t tears.
“Will you stop looking at me like that,” he hid his face in his hands. “I don’t want to talk about this anymore, can I go back to my quarters please.”
“That and their tendency to consider dead humans as collateral damage.” Cas nodded.
“Chuck..he told me”
“I wouldn’t be so sure about that Momma”
“So how are you feeling.”
“Do you have a second name Castiel, supposed American,” She was smiling at him, dark eyes laughing.
“Name it”
Dean caught up with Cas on the stairs leading out of the bunker. “Going somewhere?”
“Choirboy, I don’t have a choice” she turned away, Cas may have screamed her name, he could never recall later. He made a wild grab for her wrist and squeezed, feeling sick as the bones ground and broke. The arch angel blade slipped from her nerveless fingers, it clattered against the floor. Cas made a grab for it and missed. She swung a fist at him which he dodged and dragged her against him, restraining her with an arm around her throat.
“He probably wants to know how his advice worked out.”She said with a smile. Cas grinned back and answered the phone.
“Yes, they were hurting people.”
“Tomorrow Cas.”
“Why do I still see them sometimes” he didn’t mean to say that out loud, Castiel’s eyes widened.
“Watch” she replied bleakly. There was a noise like a rushing wind and the room filled with black smoke and the smell of sulphur- the children screamed shrilly. Cas swung round and saw the dark haired man, his eyes now black on black pick up a heavy poker from the grate and bring it down on his terrified wife’s head. “I should have been here, this is my fault.” Tears were streaming down her face. Cas took her by the shoulders.
“lieutenant Winchester get out of my way.” Cas’ own anger was rising, John was right he had terrible taste in men.
“I wasn’t sure if you would remember anything.”
“I’m here Dean” Cas walked in the kitchen, carrying two brown paper bags. “I was getting the groceries from the car.” he added by way of explanation.
“Yes”
“I know like warm honey.” Cas agreed smiling.
“Can’t blame a guy for trying” The barkeeper held up his hands and backed off. He retired to the other end of the counter and picked up a newspaper.
“I’ll be back, we need salt”
“Really Cas? Because it seems to be every-time you’re on your own for five minutes you do something downright stupid.” Cas, rounded on his friend his expression furious. Dean took a step backwards.
“I’m sorry for your loss” Linda, made a note, these boys would need grief counselling. “So Mr Odinson-”
“Maybe”
“So are you.”
“Do what?”
“How can you touch them”
“Look Cas, you’re in love” the word came out grudgingly, “your judgement is supposed to be impaired, you are supposed to act like a moron.”
“They were ghouls Sam, I killed the last one myself”
“What’s wrong?” Cas touched her face.
“No Cas, it’s not pointless” Dean got up as well, he jabbed an index finger in his direction, Cas realised he was still drunk.
“I’d ask how you are Cas, but it’s kind of obvious,” he waggled his eyebrows, Cas dragged his chair  under the table.
“Dean, if Worf had not intervened that is where you would be. You are confined to quarters except for our sessions, do you understand?”
“I think I know who we can ask” Cas said grimly, “though there is a chance she will try to kill me”
“Baby girl, please, don’t hurt him,” Asasa stretched out her hand imploringly.
The bar was one of those dodgy roadhouses Dean favoured. All low lighting, sticky tables and the local drunk sat at the counter bending the ear of the bar tender. Castiel had no real reason to stop here he was only 15 minutes or so from home. But it had been a long drive from Sioux Falls to check on Jack, he told himself a quiet beer and some time not staring at highway 29 was probably a good idea. Of course there was also the other reason, the atmosphere in the bunker was strained, Dean had been so happy to have him back and Cas had been so happy to be back that he thought that this time they could sort things out between them- It had not turned out that way. He sat at the counter ordered a beer and pulled his phone from his trench-coat. Two texts from Jack reminding him about his allowance and one from Sam asking when he would be back, nothing from Dean. He drank the beer in one gulp and ordered another.
“When?” Cas’ voice was low, dangerous.
“I don’t know I woke up and this dude was in my room.”
“What kind of life can he offer her really?”Dean squeezed his hands together, and sighed. “Its not like they can live happily ever after, no kids, no growing old together. We’ve seen how this story ends, remember Kelly Kline?”Dean looked at his brother. “And yes, I still have a bad feeling.”
“No, Cas you didn’t” Dean ran trembling fingers along the stubbly jaw, Cas stayed very still eyes wide waiting for him to speak. “I’ve been an idiot, that’s all”
“No she can’t be.”Sam said shaking his head, “There are only four Michael, Lucifer, Raphael and Gabriel.”
“You see now I think you are a moron, in fact I’m wondering how either of you have ever managed to get laid” He ignored the hurt look Sam threw him and scrubbed his cheeks tiredly, he needed a shave he realised. “Cas just call her, talk to her. If she really cares about you, there’s a chance she will listen and if not,” he held his hands up “at least we will have given her a chance.”
“You’ll find out, but understand this, she is dangerous and one way or another I want her off the board. If you don’t do it then I will.” Chuck sauntered over and smacked him on the forehead.
“Yes Dean, I’m sure”
“Yes Doc, I’ll behave.”
“Your brother asked me to come check on you, he said you were inebriated.”
“Not well, as you can probably see” Cas glared at him, and turned away.
“So how you feeling now your mom’s done her mojo?” Cas liked that, Dean’s obvious concern.
“Your closest living relative is a centuries old witch, you’re lucky to have me.”
He couldn’t get in, Chris was warded not just against demons, but against angels too. He could sense the power, it was etched on to her bones, permeating her body on the quantum level. Cas could almost see her soul, but everytime he got close the contact was blocked. He pressed his grace closer, the warding feeding him back pain for his effort, he could feel her now, she was scared, no terrified. Cas called out to her with his mind, gritted his teeth and pushed himself closer. The sigils warding her were humming like angry bees, he began to worry that he would permanently hurt her. Then he spotted it. A tiny gap, where under the onslaught of his grace the warding was starting to break down. He focused in pushing harder, feeling the impediments fraying, falling away and poured himself through the gap; letting her darkness carry him away. He didn’t hear the knocking at the door.
“We are not going anywhere for at least a week” Dean told Sam and Cas emphatically, as he parked the Impala in the bunkers garage. “Night time is for sleeping, not driving”
“No Cas, I’m not alright, but I’m keeping it together.” she paused swallowing the sudden lump in her throat. “Everything will be fine, you’ll see”
“That tracking spell didn’t work when we tried it on Gadreel.”
Cas didn’t know what he had been expecting, but it wasn’t this bright and airy room or the sound of people laughing. Chris was stood a few feet away, her back to him watching a young dark haired couple play with their children. She stood stock still, fists clenched. Cas could see she was trembling, he moved quietly and touched her shoulder. She flinched but didn’t turn round “Chris, it’s Castiel. I’ve come to get you out.”
“Ah that’s good,” Dean’s voice had gone a shade higher, the same way it did when there was an unexpected spider in the bathroom.
“But?” Sam prompted.
It was some kind of abandoned mansion, all peeling paint and faded gaudy décor, speaking of more money than taste. She was marched up a grand staircase to a large room decorated with floor to ceiling mirrors, every one was cracked reflecting the candle light in crazy ways. Until this point Chris had forgotten she only had a ratty old blanket wrapped round herself for modesty, she became aware of just how utterly filthy she was. Her nails crusted and broken, her feet and hands black. The Thing on the throne at the centre of the room however was blindingly white. His hair and beard immaculately groomed, he smiled at her pleasantly.
“Easy tiger, I can see that, something different about you.” she tipped her head to one side examining him minutely. It made Cas uncomfortable he shifted in his seat and pulled at his tie. The woman seemed to come to some sort of decision. “You have been through the mill haven’t you Castiel. Most of your kind have a chip on their shoulder and a stick up their ass.”She held out her hand. “I’m Christine Llewellyn, call me Chris.” As he shook her hand, a jolt of familiarity went through him, he narrowed his eyes.
“I’m sorry buddy, there’s nothing”
“Dude have you been lying there all afternoon”. His brother pulled a disgusted face at him, Dean just smirked at him and raised his glass.
Back in the bunker Sam read the text with an amused smile. “Have you seen Cas?, he’s been gone for hours” Dean asked him.
“Yes” A lie, Dean knew by the way Cas’ fingers convulsively gripped his wrist.
“Can we go?”Cas demanded. They had arrived in Blue Mound that afternoon, and Cas had been driving both brothers to distraction. Their usually patient friend had become a snappy, agitated, angry mess when Dean had insisted they wait until night fall. Now he appeared to be cruising close to the edge of true rage. Dean sighed.
“So did you solve it?”
“I don’t need your pardon” Chris flapped her wings, twisted her body, reached up and snatched Ariela’s blade from its sheath. The archangel scrambled backwards in sudden panic, Chris advanced on her mother trapping her against the counter. She tested the weight of the long blade nonchalantly, almost smiling.
“Do you know what your Dad did that they didn’t like” Sam asked gently.
“Then do it, Chris if it means living don’t be a dick.”
“Okay, say I believe you who would know?”
“You and Dean, you are close aren’t you?” she asked when they pulled off the highway and on to the scrubby road leading to her house.
“Maybe what ever she is going to do needs a consecrated place?” Sam guessed.
As they exited the car, the wind picked up. The clouds abruptly started racing across the sky and there was a sound like thunder. “Well, that’s not weird at all” Dean looked towards the mansion just as another large bang sounded from the heavens, the place was lit up. White light streamed form every window and door. He closed his eyes, but he could still see it through the lids. In the next moment it had gone as if someone had flicked a switch. “Cas what the freaking hell was that!”. As the after image cleared from his eyes Dean could see his friend staring at the house in horror. “Cas?”
“Why do you care so much, she is hot, I’ll give you that.”
“I promise you-”
“I’m really pleased to meet you Aunty”
“Thinking about your man?”
“I know and I can’t kill you, but I can hurt you and you will fix me. In fact Grand-Daddy you’re going to fix everything. I’ll be seeing you again real soon.”
“Cas, you have terrible taste in men”
“For now, go home”
“Oh you will beg-later”
“pauper cornua fracta angeli.” she muttered to herself. She walked back to Cas placed the phone on the bed and kneeled down in front of him. “Cas, look at me” She pulled his hands away from his face and wiped the tears from his cheeks. “Don’t cry, blue eyes. Everything is alright”
“Didn’t you hear that?” it came again, leaving her ears ringing.
“What is that supposed to mean”
On the way home from sioux falls Cas stops in a bar and meets a curiously familiar stranger, someone who will turn his life and his understanding of the world upside down. But Cas loves Dean, Can an angel love two people? must he choose? or will events take the choice from him?
“Sometimes there are no good choices Ariela.”
“Woah, it’s ok” Chuck held up his hands, “I’m sensing a little stress here, So just take a moment Cas and breath alright” Chuck snapped his fingers, produced another spoon and tucked back into his  frozen treat. Cas’ anger was fading, replaced by a faint glow of hope.
“Cas you got your phone?”
“I know, I feel the same way.” Dean admitted, his voice unsteady. He clasped her hand, she squeezed it back and pulled him into a tight hug.
“Okay so why the bender, Cas” Sam asked.
“Yes Dean?”
“I can’t lose her, I just can’t, please Dean.” Cas was aware he was begging, he stood up straight and looked Dean in the eye. “I love her,” His throat went dry as he said it and the pain in Dean’s eyes made the semi-permanent ache in his chest flare.
“Dean, I’m starting to think this was a bad idea.”
he rebuked himself sternly and made himself meet Picard’s gaze. “I suppose you want to talk about Dean? It’s not his fault, he’s sick!Sir” leaping to Dean’s defence-again, how many times had he done that?
“Humour me?” Cas handed her his cell. She tapped it a couple of times and gave it back.
Chris stared into her beer watching the bubbles rise and pop endlessly, this time the bar keeper had left her alone. Though the local drunk, the same one who had been there the day she met Cas, had needed a little more firm persuasion. She could hear him gabbling mindlessly to himself in a corner. Chris knew she should feel bad about shredding the man’s sanity, but the rising power crushing her chest whispered that it didn’t matter, none of it really mattered. Her phone vibrated in her pocket, she pulled it out and stared at the caller ID. Her finger hovered over the cut off, her breath quickened. “Not now, Choirboy” she whispered to herself. The phone continued to buzz until her voicemail kicked in, she sighed in relief, as if passing a test.
“wel-”Too high, he covered it with a cough he risked a direct look at Picard, who seemed to be regarding him with bemusement. Sam felt his cheeks flare,
Sam gets a shock, Asmodeus gets more than he bargained for
“Still nothing?” Cas asked already knowing the answer. Dean sighed and walked up clapping him on the shoulder.
“Hey Doc” He heard Sam say, before a pair of blue eyes attached to possibly the most handsome, no beautiful face Dean had ever seen slid into view above him.
“You made it then” She lowered the gun and put it on a table by the door. She took a step towards him.
“No it didn’t did it?, not for a single second. You saw this lovely bright human thing and you wanted it. Not that I can blame you, I did the same myself, once” As she spoke her form shifted,  flowed and reformed. She grew taller, younger, her skin darkened from coffee to polished mahogany. “Do you know me Castiel?” she took a step forwards golden light flared her eyes, unbroken wings more massive than his own flared into blinding existence. Sam and Dean grunted and covered their eyes. Cas would have run then if he was able, but the spell held him fast and he cowered heart thumping. “I said do you know me flyboy?”
“Try again”
“He burned for days” panic and horror in her voice, he tried to hold her as much for his own reassurance as hers, but she backed away. “How could you not tell me this!”
“Yes ma’am” Once Sam had gone, Chris returned her attention to Cas, her face softened, saddened.
“I’m sorry, Dean” Chris wreathed in flame. No, she was the flame it radiated from her, shining from every pore, cracking her skin open. He screamed and grabbed at her, as he did the flesh of his own hand crumbled into nothing; he woke gasping, a cold sweat drenching his body, sheet hugged to his chest.
In the bunker Dean snatched the phone from Cas “Chris what the hell are you talking about!”
“Cas, I-”
“I don’t need him for this.”
“Sorry” Dean pushed past him.
“No,” The barest shake of her head, he kissed her and then felt her stiffen in his arms as Dean jammed the grace extraction needle into her neck, at the same time there was a snick as Sam closed the angel cuffs over her wrists. Cas tightened his grip as Chris writhed in his arms, screaming in betrayal.
“well screw you” Dean told him as the door slammed shut.
“Only if you let them blue eyes.” she tossed her bourbon down her throat and stood up. “Give me your phone.”
“Its, uh Dean Winchester.” John just looked at him, incredulous.
“No, Cas can get into dreams. Why don’t we just send him into her head.”
“Or I can leave her there and the world will burn” Her Father shrugged and held up his hands.
“Why hello Darlin’, I am so pleased you could be here.”
Even in the old Land Rover it was a challenging drive down the valley, Cas stared out at the looming snow covered hills with their abruptly steep sides. It was a beautiful, yet bleak landscape some of the hills had plantations of conifers on their flanks. The summits were bald, altogether the place was like something out of Lord of the Rings, ‘Charlie would have loved this’. Fiona had been very quiet since they left the house, Cas was glad about that. As they had pulled away he had looked up and seen Davy’s ghost glaring at him from an upstairs window. He needed a solution to that, in short he needed to talk to Dean. Fiona turned on to a slightly larger road, this one was clear if still icy. “Looks like Michael has been up here with his tractor finally, God bless that man” she sounded relieved. Cas could understand that it was only just lunchtime and the sun was already dipping towards the horizon, short days indeed this far north. “You are a quiet one Castiel, tell me about your family.”
Raised voices distracted his attention, he glanced towards the sound only to be greeted with the sight of Sherlock being held back by two nurses. His husband saw him and tried to slip out of their grasp. “John!”
“Cas, please-” Her voice was breathy with need, Cas slipped his fingers under the already damp fabric, sliding over her clit making her buck against him. Cas was hard, his body aching in deep pleasurable anticipation. He pushed a finger inside her, she was warm and wet, he made a desperate noise. Chris turned to face him, she cupped his face in her hands and kissed him deeply. “where did you learn that Choirboy?”
“That won’t do much for me.”
“You’re a hunter” It wasn’t a question. The woman shrugged and sipped her beer absent-mindedly.
“Drunk again?”Dean hauled him to his feet, “c’mon anyone would think you were developing a problem”
“Yeah don’t let Dean hear you calling her that, she’s called ‘baby’.”
“Chris, Don’t!” Cas stepped into the flickering candle light, Chris froze the arch angel blade hovered over Gabriel’s heart. She looked over her shoulder, meeting Cas’ eyes with her sun bright gaze.
“Son, I said no.”
“Yes” The reply was barely audible, John hoped he hadn’t pushed him too far.
Disorientated she sat up, a few feet away the angel from the bar was holding the ghoul by the throat. She watched as he brought his hand down firmly on the struggling monsters head, there was a brief flash of white light and he dropped the now slightly smoking corpse to the ground. He walked towards her and she watched as the terrible blue light faded from his eyes. So that’s a smiting, some detached rational part of her brain whispered while the less rational part of her shrunk back against the cold stone.
“Shut up Sammy! So what was it hmmm? Was it a love spell? Or did you just flash your cleavage at him!”
“you’re 14 billion.”
“Sweet heart, as much as I have enjoyed the family reunion, it’s not really my thing.”
“You can’t you’ll die,” Gabriel was rummaging through a bag, he pulled out a couple of candles and handed them to her.
“Hey what are you doing here, thought you were on till 18:00,” Sam sat down next to his brother, pulling his gold uniform straight and pushing his over long hair out of his eyes. Dean still didn’t know how Sam got away with it, it said something about how the senior officers saw them both. Sam, Worf’s golden boy could do no wrong, probably heading for lieutenant commander soon. While he just seemed to have the knack of pissing people off.
“Well, it all started in the garden of Eden...”
“in this room you may call be by my name, Dean.”
“So, she is going to die,” Cas whispered hoarsely, it hurt to even say the words. “Why?” it was not so much a demand for an explanation as a general question for the universe. “Why!”
“Go away choir boy, you are not real.” What could he say to that? He moved to face her, but she just stared through him.
“Let me heal you.” Castiel touched her forehead, but she slapped his hand away.
“There is not enough room in here.”
“I think that will do for today, Lieutenant. We’ve made some progress.”
“Chris, my baby girl-”
“This is beautiful” Sam sniggered.
“Well we did visit a witch, but its ok she is Christine’s aunt.”
“What?, we throw books at her?”
“Yeah that guy is enough of a douchebag to pull that one.”
“Is he showing any other symptoms?” Cas asked gently, he and John were eating breakfast in Ten-forward as they did at least twice a week. The ship’s bar was quiet on this particular day, Cas was grateful. His own late night had left him with both a physical headache he couldn’t seem to shift and a professional one, that he didn’t really want to tackle. John was chewing thoughtfully and staring out at stars as they rushed past.
Dean snorted and turned away to stare at the wall instead. “Why don’t you tell me, it’s all on there isn’t it” he gestured to the padd.
“Well that settles it Jack stays here, it’s safer. As for Gabriel, we don’t have time to worry about him. Why the Cathedral? Why there?”
“Cas I thought you said the house was warded?”
“He’s just a friend, actually not even that now.”
“My, my what do we have here? Castiel, You been partaking of the garden son?”
The End
A grey fog over bleak hills and Chris lying at her feet asleep on wet grass, “Get up, child.” Chris stirred eyes blinking in confusion.
“Dean-”
Two days, Cas had been in the dungeon for two days, watching Chris sleep, listening to her breathing becoming shallower. Staring through the flames that separated them, holy fire Dean had insisted, feeling like she was falling away from him and he couldn’t quite catch her. The door creaking as it opened distracted him, Dean and Sam standing there, expressions hopeless.
“Please,” he was begging unashamedly.
“You bastard” Gabe lunged, only to be caught by Sam.
“Speak to him,” he said softly, Fiona nodded and pulled herself upright.
“You are a total asshole, both of you. I’m calling him.”
“Why not flyboy?” Chris’ eyes flashed even brighter, Cas dropped his weapon.
“She is in trouble I have to get to her.”
“What happened?”
“Do as you are told lieutenant,” the Doctors voice was almost a growl. Dean complied air hissing through his teeth. After a while his heart slowed, he still felt disconnected like swimming through fog.
“maybe, but I have been up since four, so in my world it’s six pm.“ He took a swig and sighed.
“We left when I was ten sugar, so that’s hardly surprising is it.”
“Okay, I am a mess, I can’t help that but” he paused Cas thought about walking out, was this drunk idiot really what he was after. “but, all this” Dean gestured encompassing the whole ship, “is wrong, we’re wrong. You and me we should be together, not here though. Here is wrong.” he fell back on the sofa. “I don’t know what I’m saying.” he concluded hopelessly.
“With what?” Picard was frowning.
This Chapter: TFW make a mind blowing discovery and things change forever..canon violence
“Where you from Cas?” Larry had asked.
“Cas what’s happening to me? Asmodeus said things-” Chris’ voice trailed off and her eyes rolled back in her head.
“We didn’t do anything to her, she has been out of it since we got her back,” Dean growled, he ignored the warning look Cas threw him and sauntered over. Ariela’s eyes narrowed when she saw the jar of holy oil Dean was holding nonchalantly.
“Well I am God” the lord of all creation shrugged and spooned yet more yogurt into his mouth. “Are you sure you don’t want any? it’s good”,Chuck waggled the spoon from side to side “you’re going to really like it” he added in a sing song voice. Cas took a breath trying not to let his frustration show, sometimes talking to Chuck was exasperating.
“With this patient, I’m not surprised. It’s not important.” Beverly shrugged and attached a cortical stimulator to the woman’s forehead.
“touché!” his eyes gazed inward for a moment and he seemed to drift off, Chris shook his shoulder.
“Is that her,” Jack asked pointing.
“It was the warding flyboy, I made it never to be broken, I warded her against her own powers as well as those who would hurt her. But I made it too well and when you broke it, it damaged her essence. She is leaking power like a sieve.”
“why?”
“You could stay.” Dean rumbled as Cas turned to leave.
“yes, but it wouldn’t work.”Cas brushed a dark curl from Chris’ forehead,“she told me it wouldn’t, I didn’t believe her”
“How does it look?” Chris tried to turn her head to see, only for Castiel to press his palm against the side of her face.
“Sam, tell me there’s more beer.” At that moment Cas reappeared his shirt was undone, his hair tousled.
“Okay, but right now you sound like a teenage girl who has been given a curfew, so c’mon Tailor Swift what is your problem.” Once Cas would have looked confused at that reference, now he clearly understood what it implied. Light flared in his eyes and his mouth became a thin hard line. Dean was suddenly reminded that his friend was in fact a powerful celestial being and currently not a very stable one. He backed off another step raising his hands. “look man, I’m sorry, that was uncalled for. You are clearly going through something, whatever it is I’m sure we can work it out.” No response, but the light faded from his eyes.
“Shut your mouth boy.” A click of her fingers threw Dean to the floor and held him there. “You see Castiel, Sam here would have died before letting that thing take her. Sam would never have left her alone for a moment.”
“You mean intercourse.”
“so why do you blame Commander Riker for the death of your friends?”
“Is she dead?” She reached out fruitlessly searching and found nothing. “you killed my baby?”
“Chris please come home let us fix this.” More than anything she wanted to say yes, to fly home, throw herself into his arms and be safe, but that was childish. The power rising up inside her told another, bloodier story would be the result.
“Come on Castiel angel or not, something is clearly on your mind. I’m just saying sometimes if you leave things, they will heal up on their own.”
“Cas, I know the things you did, you did them for the right reasons.”
“You only need to unfurl them a little, let me see the damage. There’s no need to be embarrassed, you are not the first fallen angel I’ve seen honey.” Slowly Cas turned round and reluctantly half spread his wings. Asasa gasped “Oh my poor boy, these are bad. I’m going to touch them, try to bear it for a moment.”Cas sagged to his knees, suppressing a scream as she ran her fingers from shoulder to wing-tip. “And we are done, I’m sorry that hurt. Chris help him up”. Chris hauled him to his feet. He was breathing hard.
“Yeah, Cas. But we won’t need to call her, cause like I said, we will find a better way” Dean sounded so certain, Cas wished he could believe it himself. “C’mon Cas your lady is waiting for you.”
“Um, Thanks”
“No argument from me,” Sam grinned at him “But get this, I think I found an answer.”
Sam checked the progress of the diagnostic and let himself relax a little, everything seemed to be in order. He glanced at the aft science station and got a shy smile from the pretty ensign stationed there. She was newly transferred and had been in his class the night before, he smiled back, maybe his luck was changing.
“I’m sorry, it wasn’t intentional.”Cas said sadly, Chris frowned at him.
“You’re probably right” Dean sighed sleepily, Cas watched as his eyes fluttered closed, “Hey Cas?”
“She is so small” he breathed.
“Why don’t you go?  You are the one who pushed him down this road after all.” Dean regretted those words immediately.
“I smelt you, you reek of corruption.” Chris stood up and rolled her shoulders, “I could have found you blindfolded.”
“I understand that-now” she snapped, “I’m sorry it’s just difficult you know. Losing someone, but them still not being gone” Cas found himself nodding, remembering when Dean was a demon.
“And your Dad is God, in messed up families I’ll take mine, thanks”, He kissed her again, in the middle of the crowded street, just because it felt good.
“What about Chris?” Dean managed to whisper.
“shuttle bay three is clear, do you require medical assistance?”
“No something different. This way” They climbed the stairs, there were more blasted demons here, lying on their chests sprawled down the stairs.
“Something is wrong” .
“I can think of one thing” He kissed her and lifted her on to his knee. Cas’ cellphone started ringing. He stared at it for a moment and answered.
“What did you do?”
“See what I mean, heathens” she drew Jack towards Chris, “Come meet your cousin, Her name is Christine.”
“What about Cas?”
“And after christmas dinner.”
“Can we do something fun?” Cas asked
“You know I can hear everything you two are saying.” Cas snorted. Sam sat down next to him.
“You’re dying and I don’t know how to stop it.”
“What?”
“No, you are not” said a soft voice behind her. Ariela froze, she didn’t want to turn round.
“Okay”
“we all have our demons, Dean”
“Last time I checked” she coughed and tried to ignore the fact the Tardis was starting to spin around her “A lift wouldn’t go a miss, Jean Luc.”
“Dean are you serious”
“Of sorts. She could see my wings, she saw all of me and she just-” Cas gripped the small bag tightly “she just accepted all of it. All the terrible things I’ve done, everything, she didn’t push me away.”
“She’s in shock, we have to get her out of here now.” He swung her up into his arms.
“Why are you doing this?”
“You would be surprised, sit down please.”
“No Cas I didn’t say that” Dean rubbed his face tiredly. “Cas, you have to stay away from her. I know she means something to you” he paused and looked at Sam, “however the hell that happened, but we are toxic. Everyone we love gets hurt or winds up dead, Mom, Jess, Lisa, Charlie, Eileen, even angels what about Hannah?. If you really care about her let her go, because if you don’t you will lose her” Dean stood up and stretched with a groan, Cas didn’t move. “I only want what’s best for you buddy. Think about it, you know I’m right.” Dean clapped him on the shoulder, Cas didn’t trust himself to answer instead he just nodded mutely. “Right I’m going for a drive, I’ll see you fellas later.”
“What are you going to do?”
“When don’t we?”
“Its going to be alright, everything will be fine” He tried to sound certain.
“Yeah, and I’m sorry again about Dean.”
“You’ve been meeting her family.” Dean shook his head.
“No, she’s not dead, I just put her some place safe.”
“Not a whisper, just the usual chatter. It’s like she vanished off the face of the earth.” Cas sounded flat, defeated.
“I have spent my whole life running away from him, so yeah”
“What is it lieutenant?”
“It’s you” he hissed, “Everything is wrong and it has something to do with you” he jabbed a finger at her. John saw Beverly gesture at Worf, the Klingon lunged forward and pinioned Sherlock’s arms behind his back and wrestled him down on the biobed, quick as lightening Beverly pressed the hypospray to his neck.
“Nobody does, I suggest you go find yourself a quiet corner of creation to explode in.” he shrugged, “I’m sorry, I can’t fix you.”
“Chris you are not making any sense, stop what?” Back in the bunker Cas exchanged worried looks with Sam and Dean.
“Please, please don’t hurt my baby.”Ariela was aware that she was begging, what else was there left to do?
“You’re hurt!” she felt his hand touch her shoulder and recoil at the warm sticky blood it found there. “You’re bleeding!”
“So she is carrying around some of your grace?”
“Dammit Sam”
“Easier said than done kiddo.” Gabe turned and snagged another couple of sticky drinks off a passing waitress, grinning he pushed one across the table to Chris. “drink up, if this is my last night on earth I’m not spending it sober.”
“Okay, okay lets do this then. Stand still” Gabe closed his eyes and held his hand over her chest, for a second there was a pulling sensation, which stopped abruptly. Gabe’s eyes snapped open and he shook his head. “Chris, it’s too late”
“I said you are a dick, sir”
“Thank you Sam you really are a fine young man, now you boys back off give me some space. Can’t concentrate with you all breathing down my neck” she waved them back, reluctantly Dean retreated to the wall, half dragging Cas with him.
“You’re where?” Dean sounded both relieved and angry, Cas could hear him pacing the bunkers wooden floors.
“you have my number?”
“Okay, just be careful. Plenty of horror movies start with being snowed in the middle of nowhere.”
“Dean, we need to sort this out.”
“You broke into my house!” she shouted at Dean.
“I wasn’t alone, I had Dean and his brother Sam. I’ve been lucky.”
“Well that is unexpected, you’d think he had a prius or something.”
“Maybe that’s true, but I would like the chance to find out.” Cas’ throat was dry, “Please Chris.”
“Get off of him you bitch!”Dean shouted.
“Are you still hung up on that, she was dangerous Sammie.”
“Of course, of course” he stepped over a prone body and started to rummage through the bookshelves lining one side of the room, he held up a slim green leather bound volume . “I acquired the book itself a few years ago-it’s an interesting tale-”
“I’m worried that I may do something, unprofessional.” Cas kept his voice low, feeling ridiculous. John pursed his lips, his expression serious.
“That’s right Sammie you keep going up in my estimation. How else do you think he fought the bull of heaven?” She sighed. “Do you know the real reason why god flooded the earth?”
“That’s the right answer cherie” Ariela laughed, “well you look nothing like your daddy, which is something to be thankful for.” She extended a hand regally, “I’m your Aunty Ariela, I’m an archangel like your father,” Cas watched ready to spring as Jack shook Ariela’s hand. “Don’t worry flyboy, I’m not going to hurt your baby boy,” she winked at him.
“Castiel? Bit of a mouthful!” As soon as it was out of his mouth Dean regretted it, he risked a glance at the doctor. Christ what is wrong with me, I’m acting like a teenager. He could feel the blush crawling across his cheeks and subjected the carpet to another long stare.
“Agreed”
“I thought I lost you,” Cas realised pure desperation was behind that statement and the way Dean’s eyes went wide made him instantly regret it. He helped Dean to his feet and backed away as Sam embraced his brother, then it hit him. He had lost Chris, what ever it was that they had, was gone now. He had done it, destroyed and twisted her, just like he had done to everything he loved and she had nearly killed Dean. Dean didn’t seem to notice his consternation.
“No just very good at my job, which I can’t do unless you want my help,” Dean stood up again, he rolled his shoulders in an attempt to get rid of the tension.
“Did she say why?” Sam hitched him self up on the edge of the table.
“Cas, I will help obviously, but why me?”
“Because if I hadn’t been out for you he’d be dead by now.” Fiona held out her arms for the child, Mairi reluctantly handed her over. “Lets have a look at you sweet heart, Cas lay that blanket on the dresser would you dear.”
“I get that Cas, but that truck of yours won’t make it down to New Orleans tonight.”
“That’s it?”
“Check on the kid before you come to bed.”
“I’ve had my heart broken before” Cas’ voice was low, shaky and full of recrimination. Dean felt the unspoken rebuke in his soul.  He sighed and sat down next to Cas, who shifted a few inches away, a physical reminder of the gulf that had grown up between them. Longing for the old days caused a sudden lump in his throat. He wanted to go back to when things were easier and the unspoken thing between them was a bright promise for the future. Instead it had become a grief and regret ridden shadow of what could have been.Cas was fiddling with something on a thong around his neck.
“There’s power in this sword, much more than in a normal angel blade” Chris placed the point under Ariela’s chin, “Why is that?”
“Um yes, just a house call” Cas lied, his cheeks suddenly hot. Sam gave him a confused look and shrugged.
Dean knew he was dreaming, that of course made it worse. He winced as Alastair punched him in the jaw and tried to concentrate on the screaming around him. Better that than to focus on the mind destroying pain he knew (remembered?) was coming next. He’d never been able to wake himself from this dream, he would just surface in the morning covered in sweat and once he had shredded his sheets. It was like part of him was still there, in the pit. He redoubled his concentration as he prepared for the sensation of his skin being torn from his body, swearing that this time he would not cry out. The blow never came, instead a white heat enveloped his left arm and he felt himself rising faster and faster. He looked up “Cas!”
“Sam, the poor guy’s had a bit of a bad day. He probably needs some alone time”
“Yes it is, I promised myself I would protect the people I love and that includes her” Cas scrubbed at the hot traitorous tears threatening to fall down his cheeks. “Now are you going to help me or not.” Dean just nodded.
“What do you mean its ‘fine.’” Deans eyes narrowed. “What do you know that I don’t?”
“Alright then” There was a scuff of leather on stone and Sam appeared carrying two jars of holy oil. Each of the amphora had a strip of fabric shoved in the neck, Sam passed them to Dean.
“What happen-” she mumbled, then her face went slack with shock, Ariela reached for her.
“Perfect!” the Omega declared after running the pin over the dough a few more times. He turned to Dean and continued, “Go ahead preheat the oven and place the baking sheet over here, then we can cut out the shapes and get them ready to bake.”
Castiel rolled his eyes, “And the same amount of modesty.”
Castiel sat down beside the Alpha and watched him take each article of clothing out and check the price tag. Dean pulled out his phone and entered in the totals. Once he typed in the numbers on the final pair of jeans, Castiel looked up at him. “Well?” he asked. “Am I within the budget?”
“Oh, yeah?” Dean grinned as he nuzzled back. “What about you fallin’ for me?”
you more than anyone. He could just be your best friend, you know.” Jo watched something flicker across Dean’s face before he nodded, his eyes turning to the screen in front of them. “Or…” she said slowly, leaning forward and making Dean meet her eyes, “you want him to be more?”
“Yet,” Gabriel leaned forward with a smug look on his face, “you couldn’t wait to tell me when we got back from Thanksgiving break.”
After the Omega helped him to his feet, Dean tried again, this time the Alpha lurched forward. Cas’ arms shot out, catching and straightening him before Dean face planted. “I got you,” the Omega assured as he wrapped his arms around his mate’s waist, giving him more support. “You look like a newborn baby deer trying to walk.”
A trident.
“Hello, Sam.”
“Okay,” Dean nodded, his eyes never leaving the elder Alpha’s face.
“How about we go and raid the fridge?” Castiel suggested as he wrapped his arms around Dean and placed a chaste kiss to his lips. “Get some fuel for round two.”
“It’s better than I imagined,” Castiel muttered against Dean’s lips not wanting to break the kiss.
After they had both polished off two burgers each and the whole tray of curly fries, Dean placed the dirty dishes in the dishwasher and then turned on some Christmas music to set the decorating mood. The melodic voice of Elvis singing
“Well then,” Dean opened the car door, “let’s go to a spooky party at a haunted house and see if we won.”
Castiel stopped Dean’s movement by reaching back and finding his hand, linking their fingers together and pulling their joined hands over his heart. He found himself smiling, sinking back into his Alpha’s heat, comfortable, sated, and content. Happy, Castiel found himself drifting off.
Cas growled and kissed his way down Dean’s body, maneuvering Dean’s legs over his shoulders before spreading the Omega’s ass cheeks wide and delving in. The Alpha licked and lapped at Dean’s slick wet entrance. Above him, the Omega moaned as Cas’ tongue teased at his rim, flicking across it, circling it, before dipping inside and running along his inner walls.
“Yeah, yeah,” Gabriel grumbled but hugged him back just as tight before clearing his throat and pulling back. “Enough of this chick flick crap.”
The Alpha growled and planted his feet on the carpet before driving his hips upwards, pushing himself deeper into his Omega. Castiel gasped, his body tightening when Dean’s cock nailed his prostate over and over. The Omega’s cock throbbed and dripped precome on Dean’s stomach as the Alpha met him thrust per thrust.
Cas shook his head. “Put it over there,” he nodded towards the bedside table, “I’ll collect it in the morning after you’re a completely satisfied customer.”
They returned to Atlantis just as the sun was coming up. Castiel pulled a nervous Dean back to his room. The Alpha paused outside the door and said maybe it wasn’t such a good idea, as much as he wanted to, maybe he should stay in Gabriel’s room instead. Castiel countered by shaking his head and telling him his father already knows they’re true mates, and besides, Gabriel snores.
“He’s not lying to you,” Rowena assured. “And nothing is impossible,” she whispered as she leaned over and placed a hand each on the mate’s necklaces and muttered a spell, removing the glamour from them.
about it. He kept giving me those stupid, puppy dog eyes like he’s some fucking… I don’t even know. And then he just digs! He pokes and pokes and pokes, and he doesn't listen when I tell him to back off!” Dean hissed, the anger back as he remembered his little brother asking him at least six times if he was okay.
But then he saw how Cas looked at the other alpha. He looked at him like he trusted him, like they were friends. A way he hadn’t looked at Dean in a long time.
“We are sitting underneath it,” Garth whispered, his voice barely audible over the music.
. The skater had a strong jawline with just the right amount of stubble, plush lips, and a lithe, well built body. Dean watched captivated as the man made his way back to the center of the ice and started to spin. The Alpha’s breath hitched as the skater raised his left foot off the ice while still rotating, bringing his leg up high behind him as he arched his back to grip the heel of his skate, straightening up and extending his leg above and behind his head. A perfect tear drop shape was formed by his torso and leg as he continued to twirl on the ice.
“You like this don’t you? Like the way you look when I eat you out, huh, baby?”
“Having second thoughts?”
“Hey!”
Except Cas didn’t push in further than the head of his cock before stopping. Dean thought that maybe he was letting him adjust to the new thickness, but then he heard the ragged edge of Castiel’s breathing. He turned his head to look, and gasped when he saw that Cas was jerking himself off into Dean’s body. The image was both frustrating and painfully arousing—that Cas was using him as a receptacle for his come and nothing more made his need to finish even more urgent.
Nothing happened for long enough that he considered the possibility that the house might have truly been deserted. He raised a hand to knock again when the door started to crack open.
“Yes Dean?”
Dean tried to swallow down the bile building up in his throat. “I’ll go, uh, see if Vic needs any help.” He stuttered out, stumbling over to the ambulance still idling in the parking lot. This couldn’t have been Cas, no way. It had to be a coincidence or something his Cas couldn’t do this, couldn’t kill those men like that. The voice in his head reminded him unhelpfully that the man he was sleeping with was a dangerous criminal first, lover second.
Much to his dismay Cas pulled his mouth off long enough to say, “Not yet,” never once stopping the finger from pumping in and out of Dean. He promptly started sucking again, not letting up even a bit and Dean had to shut his eyes and grit his teeth together to stop himself from coming right there.
“I needed you to think it was your fault.”
“We brought Alastair in.” He said uneasily, eyes fixed on the other man, trying to anticipate his actions like the other man might jump at him any second.
Oh fuck, he thought, is Cas actually about to blow—any coherent thought went flying out of his head the second the other man managed to successfully remove his pants. The minute they were off, he was back, breathing hotly over Dean’s erection.
The thought of Cas watching him when he was alone in his apartment sent a shiver of something closer to pleasure than fear down his spine. He looked up at the clock—it was already past midnight, Vic would be there in an hour or two so it was kind of now or never. Dean swallowed and slowly pushed himself out of his chair.
“Good boy,” the words came out rough and the realization that this was turning Cas on—that
“Cas, I’m not going anywhere.”
“I don’t know, Dorothy?”
“So maybe you’ve done somethin’ not so,” he paused, searching for the right word, “above board, in the past. I’m not—you know I wouldn’t judge you, right brother?”
Dean pinched the bridge of his nose, migraine already beginning to bloom. He wasn’t gonna crack the son of bitch. They could be in here all night and it wouldn’t matter. Guy may have been a massive bag of dicks but he was smart and protected, and he fucking knew it too.
“Sorry,” he croaked after a minute, remembering how he’d disobeyed Cas and shouted.
“You okay? Been in here a while, you seem a bit out of it.”
“Uh, hey Cas.” He knew he should be worried. Castiel’s life was on the line here, he was facing down some serious time, but the man looked as relaxed as ever. Something was obviously going on, but Dean couldn’t find it in himself to care. Right now, all he could think about was how good Cas looked lying down like that and how much he wished he could crawl right onto his lap and ride his—
“That’s not true—”
“For leaving in the middle of the night,” he pressed a kiss to one cheek, “for Balthazar,” then the other, “and for scaring you.” He found his way back to Dean’s lips and kissed him deeply, carding nimble fingers through his hair.
office, I suggest you invest in earplugs.”
This didn’t make any sense at all. Sam would never have said—he dropped the note, letting it flutter to the ground, and turned his eyes back to the bag in horror. His heart was pounding in his ears, he tried to stand but only ended up stumbling over the chair. No, no, no, no, no, his mind repeated again and again as he practically crawled to the other end of the room. This wasn’t supposed to happen, this should not be happening. Terrified, he brought his knees up to his chest and closed his eyes, trying to breath.
“Tipped off?”
“I love you, little brother.” She whispered as he hung up.
Castiel smirked, sucking at the base of Dean’s needy prick and eliciting the sweetest little moans and sighs. Unexpectedly, he felt the dull drag of fingers as they weaved through his hair, tugging lightly like a demand to suck harder.
The detective sighed, “Alright, well, me ‘n Kev are gonna need to fake some reports for you guys. I can make sure we’re the one’s on duty when everything goes down and Sam’ll keep Bobby occupied long enough to convince the world he’s been snuffed.”
“Please don’t blame yourself. This, this wasn’t your fault.”
“I’m fine, really.” They both looked at him worriedly.
“It’s just, no one calls Bobby Robert.” Sam added, rubbing the back of his neck. “That would be like calling Dean, Mr. Winchester. It’s just too formal—”
Without wasting another second, he pulled away and began marching back down the quiet alleyway, ignoring the ache to reach back and hold Dean’s hand. Such casual intimacy was nothing more than weakness, and if Balthazar were to see, well, he’d hardly hear the end of it. Later, he vowed, later when they were alone he would wrap his arms tightly around Dean’s body and indulgence in their closeness.
“It’s, uh, it’s for you.”
“Once a backstabbing a-hole always a backstabbing a-hole, I guess.” Gabriel shrugged.
“I suppose.”
“I feel like I should have asked his permission or something.” Dean mumbled into his hair.
“So what, you’d need to kill every single gang member? That’s gotta be hundreds of people!”
Eventually Cas stood, pulling Dean’s clothes back on for him, laughing a little at the ruined shirt. “Get up, baby. It’s time to go.” He said, voice fucked out and rougher than usual.
“Okay” she took a deep breath and straightened up, “lets do this thing”
“Jack killed my Mom” Dean growled.
“Are you alright.” Sam asked.
Things get sticky for the crew of the enterprise D
“Merry Christmas, Castiel” She kissed his cheek, butterfly soft against his skin. “It’s Christmas morning”
“As did I” Cas, embraced Chris from behind and kissed her cheek. “I’m sorry if you were concerned.”Dean just looked at them in disbelief.
“Baby girl!”The force of it knocked Ariela to her knees, she clutched the edge of the nearest table, knocking a basket of dried chicken feet across the floor. Her chest seemed too tight, and her wrists burned with cold fire. Dizzied she hauled herself to her feet, “I’m coming, child, I’m coming”
“Well you people made a bit of a mess when you fell to earth, some of us had to clean that up.”
“Because she was annoying, if you are that desperate for some tail I’ll just get you a hooker.” Dean snarled back at Cas. Enraged the angel vaulted over the table and launched himself at Dean, they both hit the ground with an audible bang. Cas managed to punch Dean in the head twice before Sam dragged him off.
“You sure about that?”
“What?” Sam however looked confused.
“Yes he does.”
“what did you do?”
“Cas hold her still!, she is going to hurt herself” Dean shouted at him.
“Chris is in Denver with Gabriel.”
“Ok fine, just hope there is enough beer for me to cope with this.”
“Actually Sam, I am ringing to help you, think I found your runner”
“They are all dead, even Gabriel.” Ariela was openly sobbing now. Chris drew back a little, the mention of the archangels name had caused a shiver in the air.
“you’ll see Deano, I love you boys, try and stay out of my way.” she cut the call and smiled to herself, so he was after her was he? Good that just made things easier.
“I’m sorry about your sister, I truly am baby girl. I should have taken steps when she got married, but she didn’t want my help. I didn’t know he would find them”
“Do you know what he is planning?”
“For the love of God man, stop apologising. Its Christmas day, we can charge my phone and you can call your family again.”
“I don’t know the answer to that.”
“What about you?, will it hurt you?” Cas considered lying, anything to drag them both out of this remembered hell.
“More lies Asmodeus? Now I know  even a prince of hell should not be as powerful as you appear to be. Only an arch angel can pull off some of your stunts. So, Michael is in the cage, my Mom is in her shop, Raphael is dead and Lucifer is trapped somewhere over the rainbow.” She pulled the tie tight, resisted the urge to keep squeezing. Asmodeus gargled and pulled at her hands ineffectively, “Give him to me.”
“Dean when was the last time you slept properly, I heard you moving about last night.”
“I always know when you are dreaming about me, I guess it’s a kind of prayer.”
“Yes, intercourse. When you meet someone you really care about, you do things differently.”
Sam crossed the room in quick strides, he checked Cas’ pulse. “He’s alive, as far as I can tell.”
Sherlock sat very still, he had a plan of attack now. Usually that alone would have served to settle his neurons into a more regular train of thought. The other thing was nagging at him though, the sense of wrongness. Not just with their current mission, but with everything. Sherlock stared at his hands, flexing his fingers. Where was this sensation coming from?
“Whatever happens now, it’s your own fault Mom” Chris spat at the prone angel. Ariela tried to detain her as she swept past, Chris ignored her and blundered out the door escaping into the rain drenched street. The tightness in her chest was growing, the pain growing exponentially. She wanted to scream, to bawl at the universe. Her distress must have shown on her face because an old lady, hurrying through the down pour stopped and touched her shoulder.
“Castiel what’s wrong?” Fiona was looking at him bleary eyed and confused, He forced a smile to his lips. No point scaring her.
“We will get a motel.” Dean snorted. Picking up his jacket. Cas looked upset.
Cas reached out to press the call button, but hesitated. He was almost one hundred percent sure this was a terrible idea. He let his hand drop back down to his side and glared at the door to dean’s quarters. Yes bad idea, he had managed to convince himself that it was okay, Dean wasn’t his patient any more and he was free to explore the inexplicable attraction he felt for him and yet, it still felt wrong. “Pull yourself together” he gave himself a mental shake, this was getting ridiculous.
Cas dropped a pair of angel cuffs into the holdall, as they clinked against a spare angel blade it came rushing back, what he was about to do. He had been trying not to dwell, ‘it’s for the best’ he reminded himself sternly, still not believing it. He flinched as a hand brushed the back of his neck.
“you are familiar to me, even back in the bar…” He straightened up, an angel blade slipping from the sleeve of his trench coat. “who are you?” Chris squashed a flicker of fear as he pointed the blade at her.
“Amen to that brother, and so very hot.”
“What about Jack?”
“Well I have met Lucifer and I can tell you now, he is not relationship material.”
“What’s wrong?”
“You can call me Cas if you can’t manage the whole thing,” That sounded like strangely like a flirtation to Dean, though with a voice like that everything sounded mildly suggestive. Dean put it down to his brains fuzzy state and stayed silent. “So do you want to talk about what happened in ten forward?”
“Yes, a nephilim, one of the last. Semerkhet, he was a pharaoh” Cas closed his eyes, suddenly he didn’t want to remember, he heard Chris take a sharp breath as she made sense of the jumbled images.
“How was I ever afraid of you.”
“What is it”
“You are going to tell me everything, Cas.”
“I was just uh..”
“Dean, there is not an angel in creation, who didn’t hear that.” Cas laid a trembling hand on her hair.
“Oh I know exactly what I am doing sir” Dean shrugged, he could feel his face twitching into a snarl, “You are an arrogant dick” He didn’t know he was going to throw the punch until it was already connecting with Riker’s nose, which it did with a satisfying crunch. Dean managed to land a kick to the first officers ribs before he was dragged away by Sam. He wasn’t done though, far from it. The rage he had been suppressing since wolf 359 was loose he flailed about punching anything within range. He slipped out of Sam’s grasp and rounded on his adversaries he felt the skin on his knuckles split as he laid out another security officer, but he didn’t care. A giant hand grabbed him from behind he twisted to find himself looking into the anger filled eyes of a Klingon, Dean screamed in rage and head butted him.
“Yes for a while”
“By who?” Cas didn’t want to answer that, he bit his lip hoping she would not notice the thundering of his heart or the guilt ridden sweat that suddenly drenched him.
“Jack, Dean told you to stay away.” The kid just looked at them both with his usual round eyed innocence.
“Yes, two. Claire and Jack.”
“If we don’t take care of it, he will.” Cas admitted, “whatever I do, I’m going to lose her.”
“It was never going to work.” Chris sighed, it hurt saying it out loud.
“Dean we don’t have a choice, I don’t have a choice!”
“You been feeding off his grace.”
“It’s going to be okay.” Cas lit one of the oil lamps on the kitchen table and guided Fiona into the sitting room.  Thankfully the poker was where he left it, leaning up against the now cold grate. He handed it to Fiona, “Spirits hate iron, keep hold of this and you should be safe.” Fiona took it her hands trembling. “Stay here”
“Guys I don’t have a clue what I am doing here, What do I do now?” he looked at Dean, who shrugged.
“I had such bad dreams,” for a moment longer the illusion lasted. Then Chris stiffened in his arms, she pushed him away gently and her eyes fastened on Ariela. “I know you” her voice was dull, pained.
“Damn straight you should of” Dean scratched at his hair tiredly. “Do you know why?”
“Told you, superpowers.”
“I think we do, so what happened?”
“He will have her some where warded, so a tracking spell is pointless” Dean pointed out.
“Well I’ll come with you”
“Its no worse than any other angel and no, I never told them. They had enough to worry about.”
“He told me, God told me that he will kill you if -”
“That depends on you. Right now your child, my grand child is about to burn, she is seconds away”
“Cas?” Dean prodded, all trace of humour gone from his voice.
“Oh no, missy you are staying right here!” Gabe snapped his fingers a second bottle of bourbon appeared in front of Chris, she glared at Gabe.
He ran down the hall, to the main bedroom. Dean and Sam a step behind him, he burst through the door. On the bed a demon in a white suit was holding Chris by her throat, she was struggling to breathe.
“Sam I am so sorry, let me heal that” Cas held up his hand.
“Okay” Dean nodded, “But Cas, I can’t ask you to do it. I’ll do it”
“I’m so sorry, what happened?”
“That is not what I asked for”
“Look do you want me to get you a motel room for the night.” Sam asked Chris as they walked to the garage, he was still feeling guilty and in all honesty a bit embaressed by Deans reaction.
“He has a grudge against our family, I don’t know why.” she looked up at him dark eyes filled with remorse, “I’m sorry I should have told you.”
“Dis-honourable discharge, I will do my best for him, but I cannot make any promises.” Picard’s tone was steely, Sam could hear the compassion in it though. He scrubbed his hand’s over his face and shifted in his chair.
“Dean don’t”
“Wait” Cas called “Do you need help with the ghoul?”
“Okay lets do this.”
“Why? Why would you do that without my permission.”
“What did he say”
“Actually Lieutenant yes. But first I want to discuss your future, Mr Worf asked me to talk to you.”
“An answer to what?, why Cas is pining like a teenage girl or why we can’t wake up wonder woman.”
“First name or last”
“No Sam I do not, but it will be something terrible to behold.” she turned her attention back to Castiel, he made himself meet her gaze. “So this is what is going to happen flyboy, I’m going to use your grace to find my baby and then you and your friends here are going to go and get her. Are we clear?” Cas nodded, Ariela smiled nastily. Cas felt heat begin to build in his face, first it was unpleasant then it became unbearable. He resisted the urge to scream though he could hear Dean shouting at Ariela. An intense flash of light signalled the end of his ordeal, he staggered as she let him go but managed to stay upright this time, he waved Dean and Sam away.
“Yes you do, it’s no’ a bad thing” She started to place the picture back on the mantel, but hesitated.“If you were wondering that was my husband Davy, he died a few years back” she propped the picture back up and touched a finger to her husbands smile.
“We can’t have another Lucifer running around.”
“He needs to settle his bar bill” The giant rumbled and stabbed a finger in Gabe’s direction.
“No, uh, it’s just that,uh”
“What do you want with me?”
“She nearly killed you,” Cas tried to keep his voice from cracking, but it still shook. Dean frowned and took a step closer.
“Sir” Vasquez at the conn suddenly piped up, his voice cutting through the usual murmured conversation of the bridge. Worf stood up.
“Do you have any more questions, Dean?” Janet asked, smiling widely.
“I love you,” Cas says through a teary eyed smile.
Janet began a long history about how soulmates worked and how they introduced you in the good place to make it the best possible experience since there would be no exterior factors to keep you apart. Janet seemed like she could go on forever, so Dean interrupted her.
He hated how vulnerable it sounded. How it implied that Dean hoped he was staying. But he didn’t have anything left to hold back, his cards had been put on the table for him. Yet, in the back of Dean’s head, there was only doubt and pessimism. Castiel always had a mission, he always had a battle to win, something big and important that took him away again. There was no way he could stay.
“I won’t,” Cas reassured him.
When they finally pulled apart, Dean didn’t want to let go of Cas, he couldn’t. He ran a hand over his shoulder, and down his arm, and up the lapel of the ridiculous trenchcoat his still wore for some reason.
Dean was confused for a second, and then even more confused when a woman in business attire appeared out of thin air.
“Yeah, I don’t care,” he replied, already walking away, toward his brother.
“I’m sorry, what?” Dean asked. He felt the colour rush out of his face.
The next morning they get to the diner a little ahead of schedule. Dean has an arm around Cas and the waitress who greets them looks a little surprised but the look passes quickly, and is covered with the usual bland indifference.
Sam doesn’t have the heart to tell him that everyone who met them knew, and thought they were being purposefully ignorant, aside from the several angelic and demonic entities who absolutely did point it out and who Dean chose to ignore.
“Yes, I would like that,” Cas said breathlessly.
Janet seemed quite enthralled with her story of all the work she’d had to do to find the answer to Dean’s question. Did he have a soulmate? Apparently so. Said soulmate was also apparently the very angel Dean spent a considerable amount of his life burying his feelings for.
Eileen went to Janet and grabbed a hand. “Oh and by the way, you’re our next door neighbour apparently!”
Eileen smiles but seems like she’s suppressing a bigger grin. “Yes, Sam told me,” she says. “I’m happy for you both.”
“Cas,” Sam says, as if just remembering Cas is back from the dead. He walks over and pulls him into a strong but brief hug. “It’s good to see you.”
“Hi Sam,” Eileen said. They both ignored the angel, who didn’t seem to mind as it watched on with fascination. “It’s good to see you.” Tears filled her eyes as she smiled.
When Jack brings everyone back, Dean yells for Cas. He runs through the bunker halls, checking every room, hoping to see Cas sitting on the edge of a bed, or standing and looking at a book or a painting with his tilted head and a confused expression on his face. But every room is empty.
“Wait, what?” Sam asks more seriously.
Sam laughed and shook his head. “I swear that place is only in the neighbourhood because of you.” Then more solemnly he added, “Want company?”
It was fairly small and looked cozy. Like a slightly modern log cabin. Dean couldn’t help but smile at the sight of it. Maybe this place did know him a little.
“Uh, yes please,” Dean said, annoyed that he really did want to know. He couldn’t even blame the alcohol.
“It’s… that’s okay,” Dean said softly. “I want –“ he started, but then bit his lip to stop the words from flowing out. “Are you really here to stay?”
“Ok. Eileen and I are going to catch up.”
She nodded. “It is heaven afterall. And your voice is even better than I imagined it would be.”
“Yes, Eileen?” Janet replied.
“I’m not going to waste any more time,” Dean says, though he’s only talking to Cas now. It would make Sam gag and roll his eyes if it wasn’t so sincere and a little astonishing to watch.
Dean’s mouth was wide open and Sam laughed. “You really should have let your guide finish the tour. This place is cool, Dean. I promise.”
Sam leans over to Eileen and Dean thinks he hears “I told you” but doesn’t dwell on it.
It’s the little moments, in between Dean’s boasting and showy admiration, that make Cas flush red. It’s these moments that make Cas inexplicably happy for the deal he’d made with the Empty. Could this have happened any other way? In any other version, would he have been brave enough to tell Dean? He didn’t think so. It hurt that Jack wasn’t with them anymore but Cas had a more direct line than the others did. He could feel Jack there, like pulling a string and feeling tension, knowing someone is tied to the other end, which would have to be enough.
“It’s okay. I just want to go to bed. Can you show me which place is mine?”
“Certainly,” Janet said, happy she could help Dean with something apparently. She took Dean’s hand and they went from standing by the shops to the middle of a street lined with houses. Transporting with Janet felt very different than transporting with... Cas. He hadn’t thought about Castiel in a while. He forced the thoughts away quickly, along with the knot in his stomach, and the ache in his chest.
“Yes,” Cas says.
She gave him a double thumbs up and another wide smile, then disappeared.
“You bet,” Dean says as well, and wraps a hand over Cas’s to give it a small squeeze.
“Do you know about soulmates?” Dean asked. “And can you speak more quietly?”
“What?” Dean asked, throat tight. He took another swig of his beer.
“Thanks Janet,” Dean said, cutting her off, though he wasn’t sure exactly what she had been saying. “You can go now.”
“You sound –“ Sam started, wondering how to ask his question sensitively. “Can you hear me?” Sam asked.
“Hey Janet,” he said hesitantly.
“Don’t do this, Cas,” Dean says, but it’s not what he wants to say. He just needs a second but Death is literally banging on the door. And he knows something even worse is about to happen. It happens all too quickly, and it feels like he’s moving and thinking in slow motion.
“What do you mean? Did you know how I...? You couldn’t have known that he... ,” Dean struggles to get out anything coherent. “If you had an inkling about how he felt and didn’t tell me, I will kill you,” Dean finally says.
“I never,” Dean said slowly and deliberately. “Ever. Want you to leave again.” He swept his thumb across Cas’ jaw, hand curling around the back of Cas’ neck.
“Absolutely! Take my hands when you’re ready to transport there.”
Sam was giving him those pitying puppy-dog eyes and Eileen was matching them. Dean instantly hated this place even more. What a joke. Soulmates? Eternity? He couldn’t even imagine himself putting up with anyone for eternity. He would grow restless here and then what? There was just nowhere else to go. Nothing else to do.
“Can you show Sam and I where our house is?”
“Dean!” Sam replied happily, gripping him tight.
“Hello Dean,” Castiel replied with a tilt of his head.
Days passed as Dean started to settle in. He started to think eternity might be okay afterall. And if he was bitter about pending eternity alone, he hid it well, and the fact got easier to live with every day.  Or maybe it didn’t. Because Dean still frequently found himself in the pub trying to drown his thoughts in alcohol and still only coming away with that pleasant buzz. The pub always seemed to be playing the right TV show for him (usually Dr. Sexy), and the food was always good, so Dean could tell himself he was content.
The best part was he didn’t have to decide right now, and the possibilities felt endless. He squeezed Cas’s thigh under the table and Cas covered Dean’s hand with his own, interlacing their fingers. This was all Dean needed for right now.
“Yes,” Dean breathes. He takes a step toward Cas. “Yes, I just never thought… I never thought you could love me back. I thought I was wrong, that everything about me was wrong.”
It was pretty cool that Dean could just ask Janet for any ingredients he wanted, and they would just appear, and be at the perfect ripeness as well.
Cas’ face is unreadable and deadpan. They stare at each other silently for a moment. “Is that true?” Cas says, face breaking into something soft and worry lines crease his forehead.
“My apologies on the delayed answer to your request Dean. This has never occurred before but since your soulmate was not human, and was in fact an angel, my database kept giving me an error in my search.”
“May I?” Cas said, signalling Dean’s booth again.
He thinks of a future where monsters reappear, where he wouldn’t hunt anymore but maybe he and Cas would own a bar like the Roadhouse, a place where Hunters could go and they could keep their eye on things, but not get too involved. Where they could still help but have their own life. It could be the real Rocky’s Bar, he thought wryly.
“Cas and I have some… catching up to do. We’ll meet up for dinner in like an hour okay?”
Dean sighed. “Do I have a soulmate?”
“Thanks Janet. Uh, you can go.”
“Well I –“ Castiel started, but was interrupted. Janet suddenly appeared, making Dean jump a little.
“Castiel,” she said to Dean. “The angel. Your soulmate! Anyway, since angels don’t die, I had to send a special request, which I’ve never had to do before.”
Dean was given a boring tour of the boring town where he’d supposedly staying for eternity.
“But we haven’t finished with —“ the angel started to say.
“Want to go see our house?” Dean asked, eyebrows raised and wearing a playful grin.
“My boyfriend and I would like a booth please,” Dean says, emphasizing the word ‘boyfriend’. It feels like a jolt to the chest whenever he says it.
“Right,” Sam says finally. As if he’s decided to act like everything is absolutely normal and he has no questions. He’s still standing there, not sure what to do next so Dean helps him out.
Like actually bowed and Dean was even more confused than he’d been at almost any point since he arrived in this place.
He didn’t know how long he’d been there, he got distracted by the tv above the bar playing reruns of Dr. Sexy. There were a few other people in the pub at any one time. Dean wondered if they were even real people or if they were simulated people to give the pub just the right ambiance. He settled on not caring and got lost in a couple more episodes.
“Hello Dean,” Janet said loudly with the same bright expression she’d had earlier.
Dean didn’t know if she meant back in a minute or back in a second so he waited for a little while, but she didn’t return. He didn’t know what exactly Janet was, but the fact that Dean’s question seemed to have broken her, did not bode well for him.
“No, I’m good. I’m sure we’ll be seeing a lot of each other,” Dean said with a forced grin that seemed to fool Sam enough to be okay with leaving him alone.
He didn’t take much time to look around the place, which seemed bigger on the inside, but instead found the bedroom and went to sleep on the comfiest bed he’d ever felt in his life.
When he finally managed to look up, there stood Cas, completely unchanged, just how Dean remembered him.
She leaves and Dean tells Cas, “I’m the lucky one,” in a low voice that makes Cas gulp and his cheeks burn.
“Right well, I’m going to go to Eileen’s,” Sam says, avoiding the topic. “Have… fun,” Sam says, uncomfortable at the thought of what that might mean.
Janet seemed to consider the question. “Not everyone. 0.05% of people in the Good Place do not have a soulmate designated to them.”
“That… well it’s not bad news I guess, it’s just… what will you… what will we do?”
When Dean and Cas resurface, Sam has made dinner. He coughs uncomfortably seeing Cas’s messy hair and rumpled state but doesn’t comment on it.
Dean still went to the pub, and ordered the biggest steak he could, and bottomless beer that seemed to give him a nice buzz but never got him drunk.
“Your boyfriend,” she says with matching emphasis, but with additional confusion, like she’s playing a game but doesn’t know the rules, “is lucky the sugar is self-serve.” She nods to the sugar shaker, which Dean of course knew existed but just wanted to keep finding things to talk about.
Did he even want to know? Would it mean anything if it was someone he had never known or met? How does one even build a relationship with someone who’s just assigned to them as a soulmate? Would it just feel right maybe? He understood with Sam and Eileen but what if Dean’s soulmate was just some stranger who knew nothing about him or his life? Could he really be happy with someone like that?
“No,” Dean said, trying to sound nonchalant. “Nah,” he tried again. “Maybe they just aren’t dead yet. Or I'm just not meant to be with anyone.”
“Awesome,” he said sincerely. Then thinking it odd that the two of them happened to meet he asked, “What are the chances we all end up here together? I mean the angel I ditched said there are like a million of these little neighbourhoods or whatever.”
“I received the message from Janet. That we are indeed soulmates. I didn’t need to hear this from her to know it though. But I know that you might have. She requested my immediate presence, but I had some loose ends to tie up. Sorry I’m late,” Cas added with an apologetic smile.
“Cas?”
Dean stops chewing, staring at Sam suspiciously. He gulps his food down, then takes a sip of coffee. “What?” he asks finally.
“Hmm,” Janet replied. She looked like she was concentrating on something far away, or maybe more like a Rolodex in her head. Then her eyebrows knit together. “That seems to be... unclear,” she said, clearly displeased with her own response. “This isn’t supposed to happen.” She seemed a little embarrassed and Dean tried not to laugh. “I will be back,” she said and disappeared in a blink.
“Here is your house,” Janet said, waving an arm at the place in front of them.
Sam waits for Dean to eat two big bites before saying, “So I think I figured something out… and I don’t know how you’re going to take it.”
Dean laughs. He throws his head back and laughs until Sam drops his hands and starts to look concerned for Dean instead
Dean stares at Sam. “And? What’s the bad news?” he says taking another bite of food.
A smile that instantly made Dean want to die, or maybe want to live, he wasn’t sure exactly. All he knew was that his heart was thudding against his ribs like it hadn’t in a long time.
“Yeah, they introduced us. Told us we were soulmates and were surprised we knew each other. They said a lot of people don’t actually meet their soulmates in real life.”
Huh, so there really was a chance he would just be here alone. Part of the extremely small population in the unlikely situation that they end up in the Good Place while being completely unloveable.
“Sure,” Sam says.
“Yeah, sounds good,” Dean says.
Or maybe they’d go somewhere off the grid and just be alone together. Dean had done enough for humanity hadn’t he? Maybe they’d learn how to build a cabin or something, and camp in a tent under the stars until it was finished.
“For four. We’re waiting on some friends,” Cas adds.
“So have you talked to Eileen?” Dean asks.
“Good,” Dean said, nodding, brushing their lips together, until finally they were kissing.
“Soulmates?” He asked, just in case he’d heard wrong.
