"So, what's this about the painting being fake?" William asked, whilst they were walking down the hallway, to an unknown place in particular. John opened his notebook and read aloud what he wrote.
"What'd you mean?" Sherlock asked, raising his eyebrows as Jim described John. Sherlock didn't even look around to serch for the blonde boy. They hadn't seen each other in weeks, and John surely hadn't made his presence known to the boy. "I don't know...!" Sherlock said, causing the three boys to snigger and bounce in excitement, confusing Sherlock.
The grunts and wretching continued violently behind them. John was the first one to the scene, dropping his wand and everything, sliding on his knees to meet the suffering, convulsing pre-teen with shaking hands as he basically coughed up slugs. John illuminated his wand's end and pried one of Sherlock's eyes open,
"Hey, freak. Only be in here to use the equipment, not stare at your crushes." A voice from behind him snarled.
"Yeah," Sherlock shied away from Victor, who went to class, leaving Sherlock to Dark Arts class. Sherlock couldn't help but think about how much fun John and he would have if they were in the same class. Then, he thought about how much he missed John. Why do I miss him?
After class, John had a break in the day, but Sherlock had flying-class, which he couldn't do anyway, so they both headed to the Gryffindor common room.
"No, that's not it. She's starting to like me," He said, causing William to let out a laugh as he said,
"Uh, I'm hungry," Bill said, putting a hand over his stomach. Bill checked his watch, then sucked through his teeth, "ugh, the cafe's closed," He swore.
"Greg, I was just stopping the fight," John said, finally able to get out a single sentence. Greg's nose furrowed and he opened his mouth to speak, but Cart interjected.
"I, uh, I-I was just gonna go there, so..." John cleared his throat as she lifted her head, waiting for the rest of John's sentence to come out, "would you want to walk with me...?" John smiled. It took a little bit, but she nodded shyly and John chuckled breathily, grabbing his books and rushing to exit the room next to her.
"I'm Irene," She said, her voice sweet as honey, and her face as pale and seemingly soft as porcelain.
"You're no brother of mine!!" The teen from the table shouted, still struggling against his mates. "You'd better hope to God I don't bloody see you in the halls, William!" He threatened with a sharp tongue.
"I know my dad's mannerisms better than you John. You just have to sit there and look pretty," Sherlock smiled at John, who made a verbal growling sound, then rolled his ankle accidentally, nearly falling if it hadn't been for Sherlock catching him. Sherlock held his hand to John's.
"I don't need your pity," He said, his tongue sharpened with resentment over John's choice of abstinence.
After his dinner, John went back to his dorm, just to pop in to grab a textbook for his astronomy class, which was next. Sebastian grunted a greeting as John ran in and out of the dorm, not even looking up from the project he was still working on his desk. John wondered why he even needed his astronomy knowledge to become a doctor as he walked over the threshold into the lecture room to see the front half of it was made for lab experiments, which a familiar figure stood alone, methodically brushing his fingers on the different pieces of equipment. He sighed as more people came in and sat down in his seat. John decided not t bother William this time around since he looked a bit down. John didn't like seeing William like this. John didn't know why, but he just didn't like it.
"Had what I said to you really had an effect on you, John?" Sherlock asked John stopped for a moment, then nodded.
"Well, do you maybe want me to massage it; make it feel better and loosened?" John offered. Irene smiled sincerely as she nodded. She lied down on her stomach and pulled the bottom hem of her shirt up to cling to the back of her neck and wrap around the front of her shoulders.
John straddled his broom because he was tired of waiting. He widened his stance and jumped, which did nothing, but when he landed, his feet stuttered forward, pushing the broom to start.
Victor's eyes widened. Then, his own face flushed, "D-did you want this to be a date?" Victor turned away, but Sherlock could still see the smile forming on his lips. Sherlock nodded shyly, making Victor swallow. The Hufflepuff boy looked at Sherlock and nodded, "A-alright, then," determinedly, "then, this is a date,"
One day, two weeks after John had removed the stitches, William went to the infirmary to see what his symptoms really were. "What're you here for, hun?" She asked and as William signed in, he thought about what it could be diagnosed as.
"He's a complete idiot; I'd get absolutely nowhere with him, dammit!!" Sherlock shouted before aggressively hanging up the phone and handing it back to Lestrade, who once again, had separated John and him. Sherlock's leg was bouncing extremely fast as he sat, frustrated as the car drove to the hotel instead of to the bloody police precinct, where he wanted to go in the first place!
John felt unwanted there, so as soon as he'd gotten enough money to rent a flat for a month in London, he went. After that month, John heard a knock on his door.
"You didn't mind last night; what's one more night?" John asked, carelessly tossing a tater-tot to his tall friend, who quickly swooped under to catch it in his mouth. John lightly cheered as he laughed, which made Wiliam smile. After William finished that tot, he let out a quick laugh.
John didn't question aloud. He turned back and gave a smile, then a smooth wink to the man, who was watching her walk away. John turned back around, "he's looking at my arse...!"
"Excuse me," Snape's voice interjected into the heated, venom- laced conversation, "what's the meaning of this loud nonsense?" He asked harshly.
"I've already sent an owl to Flitwick and your perfects; you won't be reprimanded tomorrow," He said, sliding himself under the covers next to Sherlock. He turned so he could face the boy, "Get some more sleep, Sherlock. You'll need all the strength you can get because these first few weeks are going to be hell," He said with a smile that didn't match his words. John rolled over, turned off the light next to his bed and went to sleep.
"John, upon recent events which had been brought to my attention, I want you to come home," she said lightly as her face turned serious. This is it, John thought, if I have a chance, if any, to really stand up for myself, it had to be now...!
Sherlock felt cold and alone. He knew that John was somewhere, but he couldn't see him. He couldn't feel him anymore, either. He was just lying there, in a cold and empty place. It scared him. He was afraid to open his eyes. Sherlock feared that if he looked, he wouldn't go back. He did, nonetheless. It was white and it hurt his eyes a first.
"Oh, well, congrats to you," John said, raising his glass. Sherlock seemed a bit caught off guard, glancing around as others did the same, but smiled nonetheless as he raised his own glass. John noticed how wonderful Sherlock's smile was. It was like... perfect,
But, currently, Sherlock's biggest concern was the lunch-date with Victor. Was it even a date? Would Victor want another after this? What would Sherlock do? What if he makes a fool of himself? All urging questions as he was bearing the end of his Transfiguration class.
"Uh-oh, Finch," John said, "They're fighting over the doctor," He was looking in through a nearby rooftop, listening in on the conversation.
"What part of 'need' do you not understand, Gregory?" John replied harshly. He waited a moment, then quickly and heavily drove his head back into the forehead of the perfect. As the sixth-year stumbled back, a string of obscenities spilling from his throat in a growl, John quickly opened the door, "Sorry for the split lip, mate!" he shouted, then slammed it shut behind him.
"You'll do a two-student project on how the knowledge of astronomy can be used in important situations! Good luck finding a partner, Holmes!" The professor said, shutting his folder of papers he had on his podium.
"I dunno; He's weird to me, but so are you," John said, oblivious to what was going down in that room.
"You're just wasting it," before he French inhaled his smoke once more, then huffed it out his nose finally. "Take the biggest breath in, and hold it for as long as you can; It's the best move for a rookie like you." John nodded as he followed William's advice but then choked on his smoke as it came out, thick and burning. "That a' boy," William chuckled as he patted on John's back.
After he was done with his rehabilitation process, Harry gave him her number, but Sherlock didn't feel right to call her. Surely she'd forgotten about him as soon as he got out. Sherlock had gotten a listing of differently available flats for rent. He'd checked out a few, however, one had caught Sherlock's attention.
"We're late for potions," John groaned as he went back behind Sherlock's chair and began pushing him again. Sherlock leaned his head back and hummed whilst watching John's facial expression change from that of annoyance and frustration to a smile,
"Leave him alone, guys! He's not laughing." John heard as he turned to see a slightly chubby, pale young adult, whose face seemed to still look like that of an eighteen-year-old, who sat next to him. John smiled shyly as a silent thanks. "I'm Micheal Stamford; call me Mike." He said smoothly.
"Ah, how very nice of you to rejoin us, Watson," Snape droned with a harsh tongue, but cut himself off as he saw and heard Sherlock struggling in with his crutches. "Quite the enthusiastic learner, aren't we, Holmes?" Snape said bemusedly as he watched as Sherlock basically gave up and sat in the back. John stopped halfway down and went back there to sit with him. Sherlock scoffed,
"Hey!" John shouted, grabbing the man by the shoulders, "Look, I know this sucks, It bloody sucks ballocks, mate! How do you think they fuckin' feel though?! Stop being so bloody selfish and fuckin' do your bloody job, you puff!" John pushed him back as he let go, and the guy sucked it up and went back to work. John continued searching.
"Can we just switch to Modern Warfare; I don't like Zombies," The first-year asked, picking up the case to a different game.
"Right, then, how do we know they're wizards?" John asked after trying and failing to get back to making up the list as he thought about it. John put the writing instrument down and looked at Sherlock.
Someone called his name as he was walking in the dungeons, lingering in front of the Slytherin house entrance, longing to be where he thought to belong. Sherlock turned to look back and saw Jim Moriarty, a Slytherin first-year, like what he was supposed to be. The two had known each other since they were kids as Sherlock's mum used to teach them both as Jim's mum was only an ordinary witch, but Sherlock's mum had an uncanny intelligence, which just so happened to carry through the generations.
As Sherlock was walking out of Bart's, He saw Mike seeing John off. John walked away, waving once more. Sherlock quickly and quietly peered around the corner and loudly hissed Mike's name. The man turned around. Sherlock beckoned him whilst keeping his eyes on John.
They were done eating and John needed to get the rest of his studying supplies from his room, so they made a stop before the library again.
"I mean, we're allowed to smoke, so here," It was Harry. She was holding a fag, not Sherlock's usual, however, he'd do anything to cope. Harry handed him a light and Sherlock quickly lit the fag, taking a sharp breath in, however, since he hasn't smoked fags before, he coughed most of the smoke up.
"Look, I like you, John; you're a good kid, but your friend is sniffing around where he shouldn't,"  Jossy defended with her hands, which waved with discretion.
John smiled as he narrowed his own eyes, "I have thirty Galleons, twelve Sickles, and seventeen Knuts left from Diagon Alley," John said, reaching and digging into his pocket to pull out his mum's old coin pouch, which was decorated with music notes, and snapped the top open. Sherlock's eyebrow arched.
They'd somehow made it to the castle grounds, where they were careful not to wake the Whomping Willow. They stepped lightly past Hagrid's hut, however, Fang stood, smelling the air near them. Jacob stopped John and covered the end of John's wand with his hand to temporarily shut out the light. Nonetheless, Fang decided not to be on their side as he began barking and growling at them. Jacob began quickly pushing at John's back as they ran. By the time the two had made it into the Forbidden Forest, Hagrid was out of his hut, asking Fang what was wrong.
"He's burning up, the seizures are trying to sweat out the fever," John examined as he tried to move the boy's head to the side to make it easier for him to get the slugs out. "His nose is probably broken," John said, then shakily ran his hands down the boy's chest and sides, "three broken ribs, and his collarbone, too," John checked his pulse quickly.
Sherlock threw John's case atop the coffee table and opened it, scowling at the layout of the contents inside. "Yes, but because there was a shortage of rooms, and I'm sure you don't want to be bothered as you work and think, I put John into a double-bed room with me," Greg said, making Sherlock freeze momentarily before continuing to rip things from John's case and begin sorting through the clothes, rearranging it to his liking.
"Hey," Jacob said from the doorway, "do you really want to go?" the perfect turned his eyebrows up and asked with the softest, most careful voice John'd heard today. John sighed and slowly shook his head.
"Please, just Sherlock," The man said as he walked to the door and knocked with the strange knocker. He folded his hands and told John about the landlady, who only just so happened to open the door right then.
"Hey," Jacob's voice said calmly, "why don't we go someplace quiet for a few, eh?" He offered and John nodded.
"You may want to tell him, that if you guys aren't allowed to talk about it, then my friends aren't, either," Jossy said with a warning in her voice.
"You look utterly ridiculous, boy!" The voice was deep and rough and it made John flinch and his face paled out of shock and fear. He wasn't ready to leave, but all the same, his small family still stood in the common room of Gryffindor. "This is what you're wearing every day?!" He snorted out a laugh again, looking over at Harry and John's mum.
Sherlock stirred as he felt the other side of the bed dip to someone else's weight. "It's just me," John said. He sounded soft and considerate. "It's alright," He reassured quietly. Sherlock quietly groaned, his eyebrows furrowing.
John was one of the last kids to go through the gateway because Harry had woken up late, his dad refused to provide transportation after having already given the boy at least 100 quid for supplies, and John's mum put up with so much already; he really didn't want to be a bother to her. So, John rushed Harry out the door and was left to carry his trunks to the platform.
"C'mon, mate. I just want to make sure he's okay," Jim said, not really trying to put up a fight. But, John be damned if he was going to let him of all people near Sherlock. Not after all he'd done to the poor boy. John snarled,
The first class of his first day, medicinal science. John sat in with the crowd, in the middle. He was tired from the somehow exhausting train ride, he didn't even feel like unpacking his things, so he just took a notebook, pencil, and highlighter from his trunk and walked to the classroom. It was designed like a university lecture room, which intimidated him a bit at first, however, as he walked in, he'd laid his eyes on what could possibly be the most beautiful young woman in all of creation. John carefully played his cards right, walking over to her and asking for a seat in her company. She giggled and nodded, smiling.
"I-I can't even remember what we learned... It may have been just a review," Sherlock stuttered, looking down.
"What was so secretive that you couldn't tell me with others around?" Jacob asked, chuckling as if not believing it would be a big deal. John sat up and turned to face Jacob.
"Oh, on the contrary, Mary," Sherlock said smugly with a smart smirk to his lips. He leaned forward and pointed to the definitions and descriptions. "I know what this means because I personalised it," Mary nodded, almost in a daze, but then stopped and furrowed her eyebrows. She looked from the writing to Sherlock, then back to the writing again with a sceptical look.
"John, I'm doing it because you remind me of my son; Don't mistake my kindness as pity, boy." His commander said with a stern voice that had a kind of softness to it.
After the case with the awful cabbie, the two stopped for Chinese, and Sherlock guessed about John's scars, most of them from when he was in college, which even still haven't cleared up.
"Oh, my God," Jacob snickered, "N-no, that was very ill-mannered of him," he tried to act like a perfect, but was having a difficult time with it,
They held staring contests, highest seat-jumper competition, and loudest humming sessions. None of them counted for anything because they were just bored.
"No crutches, I see," John chuckled, changing the topic as he stepped back, putting obvious distance between them as he looked down, hiding the visible bruising.
"Shit," John cursed as he took in the biggest breath he could. John went down again and opened his eyes to try to see where his friend could be. It took John a bit because his eyes had to readjust. John went back up to breathe, but as soon as he got a gasp in, his lungs were filling with water as he felt someone pushing him down fervently. John gasped, coughed, and choked. Gripping onto the boy's hands, he tried to scratch at the boy to get him to let go.
The class started and John was surprised to see that William was making comments under his breath about how 'This class was useless,' 'Who cares if the sun explodes in a million years,' and 'It didn't matter if the Earth went around the Moon like a girl running 'round and 'round the garden like a teddy bear!' William just despised this course, and the professor despised him, there was no question about it. However, William shut his mouth as soon as the professor threatened to make him partner up for the upcoming projects as a result of his ignorance.
John started the shower and stepped under the water. He mainly enjoyed the heat, scrubbing his face, hoping to maybe wipe the sight of Sherlock being attacked like that out of his memory. John ended up sobbing, his face in his hands, leaning against the wall in front of him.
"Uh, well, I brought some things back this morning, afternoon, and before I came out, so there should be enough," William said.
"Holy shit, dude!? What happened?" He asked a bit too loud, and John flinched massively as he shouted,
Victor burst through the doors, his face contorted with sickening worry as he ran up to Sherlock and hugged him tightly. Sherlock did his best to push the boy off, "Vic-, My... M-my ribs...!" Victor and up and Sherlock groaned, seeing that Victor was crying. "No need to get upset," he tried to reassure the boy, but it wasn't helping.
"Well, it seems we have a fresh tomcat," Billy purred a laugh as he transfigured himself into a tuxedo cat, jumping off of the sofa the altercation had been set on, John's eyes following him with subtle shock still resonating in him. John was still confused, but he looked up at Greg,
Sherlock said nothing. He only but glared at his house-mates and pushed past them with a disappointed sigh. He closed the door with a spiteful slam.
Mike bought them both coffee at a nearby cafe, then they returned to the park bench to talk. They talked about their expenses since the army. Mike asked about Harry, but John just scoffed bitterly.
"Oi!" Sherlock snapped, looking offended, making John jump from his thoughts with a blush to his face, "less creepy daydreaming, more writing!" He commanded. John only nodded, switching hands to continue with smooth penmanship.
John practically collapsed onto his bed and fell asleep not too long after, but his dreams left his mind more than restless as it showed him images of what would've, could've happened if John hadn't gotten there when he had.
"John, I don't want to get into trouble, so please don't mention me by name," Sherlock requested. John smiled and agreed,
"And, my vomit. Yes, sorry I haven't cleaned it up yet." John apologised as he reached inside of his trunk for his things.
John looked at Irene's face to see that she was completely relaxed by the message John was giving her.
"Sorry, sir," John said, his silky voice laced with feigned empathy for the man, who only looked him up and down.
"There, now, I'll redress the wound every day for two weeks, then we'll see what happens after that; It should be good to take the stitches out by then, but you never know," John stood briefly, then sat next to William. "Can I ask what happened?" John asked. William shook his head, then leaned his head on John's shoulder and stared at his wound.
William looked at John, wanting to memorise every detail of that face, wanting to know how to make the boy smile every time. William thought, 'I hope you're safe and happy and warm right now, John,' He closed his eyes, 'because I know that I am,'
"A what, Watson?" He asked loudly. The whole room centred their attention on the boys with the quarrel, "are you a clock, Watson?"
"It's not Christmas yet; it's hardly Halloween," Sherlock lowly objected with a chuckle, but still closed his eyes when Jim told him to. He heard Jim giggle as he placed the thing on the table. Jim told him to open his eyes and Sherlock saw a custom made Slytherin scarf with his name on it in grey. Sherlock's eyes widened and something in his chest tightened and turned.
"No, Sherlock!" He shouted, "I was supposed to be there for you, look after you, keep you safe, and I was a horrible friend for leaving you like that! I shouldn't have put my school work in front of you,"
"People are afraid of change, John. They feel trapped if they can't control things the way they used to. It's all a matter of control; whoever controls all of whatever someone wants has the power, and to just strip them from it, leaves them suddenly feeling weak, so they'll resort to violence and whatever it takes to get that feeling of power back again. To feel important, like they should automatically belong. We'll do anything it takes to get what we love back." William chimed in.
John looked up at the disgruntled face as he peered to the far right of the room. "Ugh! Hold this!" Sherlock shoved the paper into John's face, forcing him to take it as he bounded over to where he glared. He pulled out a file and opened it.
"Oi, what's your problem, mate?" The toughest looking one puffed his chest out, "take your fucking face outta that paper of yours and maybe look up for a chance, eh?"
"I'd like that," Sherlock said with a smile. He looked down at their hands awkwardly and Victor quickly withdrew it, laughing nervously. They spent the rest of dinner talking about less sensitive subjects, joking about, and just being friendly in general.
They talked a while and Sherlock handed John a cup of coffee, which he sipped on, then put back to the table. They told little, flirty jokes, to John's unconscious surprise. He was flirting with a man, who flirted back, which had never happened before. Sherlock turned and at first, John thought he was going to leave the room, but he only swooped in to kiss John. John's hand flew up to Sherlock's chest and they broke apart, looking at each other, John more surprised as Sherlock only looked like he would eat John and that's essentially what happened.
"How close are their rooms?" John asked, sighing. "I don't feel like running all across hotels to catch a possible perpetrator, and I know that you don't like doing my job," John smiled.
After a few moments of silence, when the stairs reached the correct hallway, Sherlock muttered, "That was really cool, what you did -- J-jumping, I mean," then began down the hallway. Sherlock really hoped that John couldn't see his face reddening. How embarrassing...!
Just then, the bathroom door slid open and Mycroft stumbled out. He mumbled a goodnight, then struggled to his room, to plop heavily onto his bed. Sherlock was quietly riding out his orgasm, and John stilled, realising what he was really doing in a shocked breath. Sherlock groaned as he pulled out, redoing his trousers. He walked casually out of the kitchen. He flipped his Belstaff over his shoulder and lit a cigarette as he just walked out of the house. Just like that. John was still on the counter.
"huh" William asked, his head popping up from stuffing his face with the food in the bag, "Oh -- yeah," He then shrugged as if it wasn't a big deal, which for John and William, it wasn't uncommon for them to hug in triumph as Willam's experiments to preserve their food stash would often succeed. Bill silently nodded.
Sherlock couldn't find the time for a night of proper sleep as he stayed up in the dorms, planning on what he'd do, what he'd say...! He'd obviously be angry, yes. "You left me here?!" No, that sounded a bit selfish, "You didn't tell me..!" Yes, better. That'll do. Once the guilt trip was over, Sherlock would pretend that he'd come mainly for the Obscurus, Yes! He alone wasn't enough to make Johnn stay, but if Sherlock had shown him a proper Holmes adventure, maybe, then he'd reconsider. He'd see that every day could be like that again. Perfect! This was going to bring John back to Hogwarts, for sure!
William sat in the police station, waiting for someone to let him go after his list of drug charges had been served.
"There are land-mines right outside, so be really careful about it," John warned. "The last thing we need is someone panicking and tripping and triggering one of them."
William and John were friends again, just not as close as they were when they first met. However, they'd learned to grow even stronger and closer within the past half a semester, smoking blunts in fag tubes and getting high under the bleachers as to celebrate on different occasions. Then, they'd just sit and talk as they'd snack on different food items they'd sneak from the cafe of the school. They had their setups and they knew how to do it right.
"Sherlock," John whispered. What could John do to make sure he wasn't suspicious? John grabbed a random book from the shelves and walked up to the check-out desk. Pince took a look at the cover and gave a sceptical glance up at John.
"There are a number of things my school has taught me; None of which anyone the likes of you'd understand, though," John snapped back. Dimmock's smile dropped quickly. John had been gripped up and pressed against the wall of lockers before John could think.
"My mum and dad always go places and do things together, John; drink it all, we'll need all the time we can get," Sherlock urged. John opened the vile, but he knew better than to give the substance a sniff.
"You know what, Holmes? You've been doing a lot of sorting on your plate, yet none of the food has gone in that loud, empty mouth of yours; I think as a fellow Uni student, I should hereby give you aide in that effort," The older boy said as he placed a hand on the back of the tall uni student's head and pushed it forward, causing the boy's face to smash into the almost perfectly sorted and separated food on his plate. The boy quickly reacted by pulling his head back up, food all on his face, leaving the food on his plate inseparable. "There you go, Sherlock. Isn't that just tasty?" Sebastian smiled as he saw Sherlock's sour facial expression. Sherlock wiped his face off as the lot around him laughed, then turned and said,
"No," William laughed, as he was already buzzed and is conscious mind brought up that so far two of his most loved family members thought he had a cougar in the school, "Mum already asked that, and no," William chuckled,
When they got back, John took Harold's coat and hung it as the shorter man had taken off his glasses as he opened a filing cabinet, sending Bear to sit obediently at Harold's side, making John let a chuckle out of his throat. Once Harold's glasses had readjusted to the temperatures of the room compared to the outdoor park a block away, he set them back to his face, so he could effectively 'dig' for the dog treats, coming out with nothing.
"Where's Greg?" He asked, approaching the boy, who was reasonably out of breath. John swallowed loudly and held up a finger,
"Hold on, why can't Carter handle the infamous two?" Lionel questioned, clearly not wanting to have to do that much work for himself,
"Mate, I know you've done this deliberately." Mike sighed sadly as he stood himself up. "I hope you don't kill yourself over this; It's just a man, and this is a war, Watson. There'll be more." Mike said, obviously desensitized to the murders and the blood stains of people's hands haunting his dreams, that it almost sounded just like... him. John leaned back, turning his head to not yet meet eyes with his friend, but enough to get the man's attention.
"Did I say errand?" Sherlock furrowed his eyebrows, "I meant shopping for information," Sherlock gave a light wink and pointed to the aisle between two bookshelves before he, himself headed to a table with a lone Ravenclaw. John walked down to the other end to peak out that side. John slickly moved to the other two bookshelves to get closer, acting as if he was looking for something, but listening in nonetheless.
"We have to move him to a bed, okay?" Pomfrey asked. John nodded nervously and watched nervously as Hagrid pulled him onto a gurney that was lifted and placed onto a bed. She thanked them, John especially, and told them they could leave. "Try to get some sleep, John?" She suggested, but John completely doubted it! His heart was racing, adrenaline pumping through him like a hole in a dam.
"I mean, though you already have the same fashion sense," Sherlock muttered, trying to choose between two viles, handing one to John as he continued to mutter something about his dad,
"His vitals are under control again, his seizures stopped earlier this morning, and he stopped throwing up slugs not too long after we brought him in, sir," John said as Flitwick climbed onto the chair to the left of Sherlock,
"Which is important for reassuring that I get good grades, drill this knowledge into my head, and not fail," John continued, and so did William with a,
"I assume the answer you want is that she misses you, but I don't talk to her," Sherlock admitted casually.
Ophelia stepped back with a smile. Madam Pomfrey handed the packet of paper back to her. "She wanted your records,"
"Yes, I suppose. Since you're new, you're lucky, Holmes, I'll have to allow another week on your project." The man sighed as he gave a short, cold glare to William, then warmly smiled as he looked at John.
"Oh, was he okay when you pushed him into the lake, then?" John asked, noticing Jim's wince, "Or, when you lured him out, lied to him, to the forbidden forest with your friends, and attacked him? Tell me, Jim, was he okay after that!? Was he fucking okay when you hazed him!?" Jim was giving John a look of warning.
"John," Sherlock breathed. John bent down to pick up the empty bin and looked at Sherlock. He offered a hand to Sherlock, who accepted it. John pulled Sherlock to his feet, standing close to catch the boy if his legs gave again. Sherlock let his eyebrows furrow. "Y-your face,"
"Better than a pillow, eh, Harry?" Sherlock lowly hissed as he quietly snuck up behind the fourth-year Ravenclaw, who jumped, startled by the sudden noise. Sherlock pulled out a chair next to the older boy. Sherlock sat down and gazed at who the boy was staring at and sighed, sounding content, "Does his voice really sound as smooth and soft as the girls say?" Sherlock looked over at Harry with raised eyebrows. Harry furrowed his brows in feigned confusion.
By the time John and the boys had been cleared, it was getting dark and it was probably time for dinner. John didn't want to leave Sherlock. Neither did Jim, which angered John a hell of a lot. John stood in between Jim and Sherlock's bed in a protective stance, making Jim scoff briefly.
John grabbed his bag, slung it over his shoulder, and ran as fast as he could to the hospital wing. John burst through the doors, his lungs heaving wildly as he'd been running since the staircases. Jacob turned, surprised to see John in the room.
There two playfully interlocked their arms, "I always thought I'd be doing this on my sixteenth birthday with Mike," John joked. They drank it down like shots.
"I'm sorry, William, but it has to happen," John said calmly as he kept his eyes professionally trained onto what he was doing.
"Oh," John let out. Did Sherlock trick me, or did he not know? John thought. John and Jacob made it back just as the last of the first years had filled up the wooden rowboats.
"Don't you think Sebastian is a bit off?" William asked as he looked back a final time to see an empty main room and hear the shower start to pour water out.
"What about you; you don't seem fine, John," Mike suggested, looking at the marks on the unbeknownst Gryffindor's neck and face. John looked down,
"Right," she let out, shaking John's hand briefly, then folding her arms across her chest, "you saved that kid over in Ravenclaw, yeah?" Jossy's eyebrows raised, "I heard you took quite the joyride on a broom that day. Heard you fell from quite some height, there, first-year," She mused, seeming almost impressed as she nodded to John with a smirk.
"That's easy for you to say," Sherlock said with a bitter chuckle, "Congratulations, by the way," he said, digging into his pocket to pull out his bag of Galleons, "You can count your winnings; I won't mind if you took more," Sherlock plopped the sack on the table in front of John, who looked up at Sherlock.
"Look at you," She said, handing the papers off to Madam Pomfrey, "when we got the news of your house, your father and I were furious," she said, walking to him slowly, leaving the two younger kids to their own, "we still are," she said, letting her face show a very brief expression of lividness,
Jacob and Hagrid jogged in front of John to hold the doors open so that John could quickly move into the room. They all began calling for Madam Pomfrey as John softly set Sherlock down. She came out of her office in a rushed hurry and stopped in her tracks as she saw the victim on the floor seizing up with tears in his eyes. He threw up another slug. She gasped.
"You even think about doing what you did last night," his voice was still surprisingly smooth for him giving a threat to Sherlock, who only just got his breath back,
"Alright, let's find you an empty cabin, then," He said. His voice was smooth and comforting, but also as if he could turn it into a commanding yell in only but a second. John didn't want that...! John was quiet as they walked down some cars' aisleways, peeking in to see if it were overcrowded or not. All of them so far were filled with kids who were somehow already acquainted with one another, making John anxiously assume he'd missed something before the beginning of the year.
John had just made it to the train on time as there were hardly any children out of the Hogwarts Express. He put his trunks onto a trolley nearby and rushed to one of the doors. John kept his Ukelele and a few other things that could occupy him on the journey, on his persons just in case if he got bored or wanted to play something. He showed his ticket and was let in. kids of all ages already filled the cars and cabins, their voices muffled and filling the small rooms with laughter, stories and well-constructed conversation.
"Or?" John asked, waiting impatiently for the rest of that sentence to be muttered from William's mouth,
John had thought about it several times, however, he couldn't change the past. If he could, John would've broken that barrier the morning after the night they shared. John was still very attracted to beautiful women, no doubt about it, however, the feeling still lingered within John. Sometimes it ruined his nights, and other times it made his nights. John was completely confused, but he wasn't going to tell Murray that. Nobody should know, not even William should learn of it.
"When I'm high, I think about what could have been, but when I'm not, I'm repeatedly reminded of what hadn't been," Sherlock said, looking down at his hands, which once run through John Watson's hair.
After the last stitch was pulled and John tied, then bit the string off, John ripped anther section off his shirt and tied it around the stitched up area.
"This is why I didn't want you to come back!" She screamed, her face red with loathing as she forced her way in. John backed up, panicking.
"Oh, that's lovely, dear," She said, lovingly as she gently pushed Mycroft from the room and closed it to add the otherly privacy that she thought her son needed. She sat on the bed. "Who is it?" She asked sweetly.
"I don't know exactly what Sherlock told them, okay? I was on the other side of the library," John assured, opening his bag to take out a book he'd gotten from the shelf he was lurking from. He showed her the spine of the book to give the shelf and section he'd gotten it from. He opened up the book and took out the card in the back to ensure that it had just been checked out today. "See? Two weeks before then is today," John said, closing the book up. Jossy nodded, seemingly impressed again.
"My brother's coming back soon and she wants me sober when we welcome the prick in with open arms," She snarled hatefully, "The kid's all fucked up from the war, and I don't want to deal with him!" She said, raising her voice.
"Christ, William!" He laughed as he lightly punched at the taller boy's shoulder. "Don't pass out on me, okay?" John was joking, but something in his eye told William that was a genuine concern.
"I bought it in Diagon Alley before we came here; I was going to give it to you last night, in the dorms, but..." Jim trailed off, tightening his lips as he sucked his teeth. Sherlock opened his arms towards Jim and leaned in for a brief, borderline awkward hug. Sherlock quickly wrapped the scarf around his neck and comedically posed. Jim snickered,
"She didn't like how quickly you packed up and left," she said. Then, she chuckled, "Makes me think there might've been something happening behind my back," John's eyes widened. He quickly stood up, clearly offended.
"What? Already?" He asked, furrowing his eyebrows. John nodded as he yawned. William let out a pout. "Well, how long will it be?" William asked, closing John's notebook.
John was alone with no one to tell him what to do, or where to sit, or if it would be considered rude to sleep on the train. John had expected all of that. He needed structure and discipline to wean him from his previous home's structure and workings, or the very dangerous lack there of.
The clerk greeted John, asking him if he should be in school right now. "Ah, you see," John said with a smirk," my muggle parents decided that Hogwarts was too dangerous, so they brought me back here where houses and neighbourhoods are being destroyed by something,"
"Greg, can I get down, now!?" Shouted a kid, who was surprisingly on top of a tall bookcase. Their body was adjusted awkwardly so that at first, John wasn't sure where the questioning scream came from.
"I didn't want to be in Ravenclaw, mummy," Sherlock tried, "the stupid sorting hat must be broken or something,"
"You know they say when you're thinking of someone excessively, it means they're thinking of you, too?" Bill said with a smirk as he patted John on the back and exited the tent. It left John feeling absolutely worse than before because he was given some kind of hope; some kind of spark to let him think they would meet again.
"B-b-but, wait, no, I-" John stuttered and panicked as Greg quickly lifted him up. Surely, he wasn't going to send John to join the first boy?
"John!" Someone else burst through the door. It was Greg with dried blood connecting his nostrils to his upper lip. He looked livid, but Madam Pomfrey insisted he got the blood cleaned from his face before shouting near her patient.
"William, you've been... off," John stated as he was redressing his friend's arm, glancing up at the boy with worried eyes, "are you okay?" He asked. William looked at John, his one, only and best friend with his cold eyes that softened when they were in each other's company.
"All 257 emails have been you telling us what we've missed about a murder that happened five years ago?" The officer asked, seemingly angered by this new information.
Sherlock sat in the common room, just being released from the Suicidal prevention group and waiting for the alcohol addiction group meetings, shaking from withdrawal, shuddering as the cold-sweats washed over him like second nature.
Soon enough, the train slowed to a stop and John was wandering around in the aisleways until it did, looking into the windows to see if he could find one to fit into, but there wasn't any room for him. The doors were opened by upperclassmen. Johns remaining trunks were taken by Jacob, who he'd run into as he stepped off of the train.
"Really, Sherlock? Or, should I say, William. I thought you were smarter than this," Sherlock couldn't believe it, he needed to not believe it. "And there was also something else around here, wasn't there?" Sebastian said, rummaging through the pages, trying to find what Sherlock already knew he was looking for,
"Well, you know this one; wasn't it quite traumatising?" Sherlock asked. John shook his head, urging Sherlock to start with the deductions. "Well, your father, right-handed, cut you with a pocket knife when you were in your preteens -- I don't quite remember, -- but you said you didn't have the insurance to pay for the co-pay, so it never healed right," Sherlock said, staring at the scarred tissue, unbeknownst to John's eyebrows furrowing in confused suspicion until he drew his hand back slowly.
'Just say it,' John thought, 'please, Will, just say,' William took in a sharp breath and sighed it out as he muttered in defeat,
"Mr Holmes is very intelligent; every moment you linger is another moment he can articulate your entire life-" Harold tried, but John let himself chuckle cooly,
"Uh, you d-dropped ou pencil," John said. He made his limping way over to Sherlock and crouched down to pick it up with a groan. Sherlock immediately snapped his head to glare at Mike,
"I thought this was a partnership." Willam smiled subtly. John took the time to notice a strip of bandage on the bridge of William's nose.
"Nope," William said, popping the sound with his lips. "You can't overdose on it, either," He informed.
William tilted his head down and leaned forward, pressing his forehead to John's and he sighed. He let out all of the emotion through this one action. John began to move his thumb in a stroking movement on William's cheek. William brought his hand up to lazily-or depressingly-caress John's jawline. John took in a deep breath after a minute and let his hand drop to his side. William leaned back and let his hand fall, but catch itself in the crook between John's neck and shoulder. They looked at each other fondly as William was trying his best to gather his courage, unaware that John was secretly hoping he'd be able to gather the same courage himself. John looked down at his feet and smiled. He looked up and his infectious smile caught William in its web.
Bill Murray and William stood and talked to each other about pointless things; things that didn't matter; this didn't matter. John's clothes were done, so William stopped the conversation by grabbing folding John's clothes and leaving as if he didn't hear Bill still trying to get him to stop to finish his pointless little story. William returned t his flat and put John's clothes away in his own bureau.
"I hope you like transfiguration for first-years with Gryffindors and Hufflepuffs," John said. The perfect stood, unfolding his arms and straightening himself out,
He was in the forest, being led by a boy with slicked black hair and green compliments to his robe. The boy was uncharacteristically quiet as they reached an opening in the woodlands. They heard a wolf's howling as the other students gathered, feigning happiness and excitement. Sherlock remembered asking Jim where the other houses were, but he just couldn't hear it. Jim's mouth moved but it was only muffled. Everything was muffled, even the silence. The older students grouped up and the younger ones stayed nearest to Sherlock. Sherlock felt anticipation, then dread and pain and he saw flashing lights.
"Isn't this addictive?!" John asked, suddenly concerned as he'd begun to taste the dry-mouth and thought it was a symptom of withdrawal.
Victor and Sherlock walked closely in the hallways to Victor's first class. Sherlock felt Victor's hand wrap around his own. Sherlock didn't really think anything of it until the girls who passed started to giggle and the boys, they glared. Sherlock felt embarrassed. Was this a trick, Sherlock thought, slowing to a stop near a corner, Was Victor pulling a prank on me?
"You ran into the forbidden forest to save me," Sherlock quipped, trying to catch his own breath, which was difficult, seeing as John let out another batch of giggles at that comment,
"I'm John Watson, the new student." John introduced. The professor checked his roster to make sure that John was on the list.
"I'm missing Defense against the Dark Arts for Transfiguration for firs-years? Cool," He quipped with a chuckle,
John and Bill Murray were mates since college, so to hear that he was transferring to John's company, made John ecstatic. Then, John could prove to Mike all of the college antics he hopped up to whilst he was there were true. John also needed to talk to Bill about something that had been bothering John for a long time running.
"First, I'm not more important than school, you idiot!" Sherlock laughed, contorting his face in slight pain at the end. "Second, I'm fine, Victor," Sherlock forced his aching legs to move as he moved them over the edge of the bed. Victor grabbed Sherlock's crutches and handed them to Sherlock, helping him up only to be rejected by the boy, who wanted to do it himself. Needed to do it himself. "If we hurry, we can make it to dinner," Sherlock said, sighing at the thought of a relaxing meal to fill his stomach. Victor smiled and nodded.
Sherlock hobbled back to Ravenclaw, hoping to see John at least at lunch. The boy didn't show any signs of illness yesterday. As Sherlock stood at the door to Ravenclaw house, he saw a white rectangle. It was an envelope. "It's for you, the blonde said so this morning," The doorknock announced. Sherlock inspected the envelope and picked it from behind the raven's head. He opened it and began to unfold the paper.
"Snape told me not to," John muttered as his cheeks were being pushed together, forcibly pursing his lips. "Some Ravenclaw forgot to add the nettle," John said with a shrug. Jacob chuckled hopelessly, hanging his head as he let go of John.
"That was my brother," William said, letting a breath out as he looked down, "He's not the friendliest type either," John looked at him and said,
"Hello," She asked. "Oh, uh," John must've got the addresses mixed up, but the woman who stood at the door was plenty attractive,
"Wait, what?" Sherlock asked. He hadn't gone by that name since he was in college, os how does Mike know? Sherlock met Mike in the hospital after the shooting. Unless, "Are you joking," Sherlock asked, his face turning down in surprise, "John talked about me?" Sherlock asked. Mike nodded,
They saw one near the front, which no one but a single boy sat in. John didn't understand why, but the boy urged that John continued with him. John fell in behind the older boy, who continued down the aisleway as if he were walking in a squad-line. John slowed to a stop and wandered slowly back to the car with only one boy sitting in it.
"Hello, Harry," droned the group. "You just left not too long ago, though. What happened?" The group's leader asked, concerned.
"One day, however," William said, "They thought it would be a good idea to tell people that I initiated the events, that they were the victims. So, I was kicked out, and it was put onto my record," He said, "Now, I can't get a reasonable school to accept me without them asking about it, but in the end, they still denied me."
John, on the other hand, was living in boredom and depression. He'd begun to form suicidal ideations. John never thought he'd ever feel like this. He decided to take a break from guarding his painfully dull flat and go for a walk and get some fresh air. John limped to a park, where he was enjoying the emptiness, however, he heard someone from the bench stand up and call his name. John hoped they weren't addressing him, however, when they persisted with his last name, John couldn't ignore it.
"T-turn it up!!" He squealed. As Sherlock chuckled, John reached forward to turn the dial to the car radio. Sherlock sang along with the radio and Mycroft, who was horribly screaming the lyrics. John only but laughed.Getting Mycroft into the house, however, was entirely different and more difficult. Sherlock saw the car gone and unlocked the door himself. "Greg's still working on that god-awful case of his, so we're on our own."
After Dumbledore gave an apology for the rocky start to a new year at Hogwarts, he gave his entrance ceremony speech, then allowed the supper to begin.
"Yeah, but who cares? That's the fun in it!" Jim said, perking up to laugh. Sherlock still seemed unconvinced. For whatever reason, he looked back at John, who was now talking to the girl he sat next to in charms class. Sherlock looked back at Jim,
John and Mike lead the attack, charging in first, showing the rest of them where to step. John saw soldiers' helmets pop up, telling them the enemy was onto them.
"Dude, don't do that," Sebastian said gently as he slowly stood up to sit down next to John on the bed. Sebastian took John's hands and pulled them away from his face. "What happened?"
"You shouldn't ask questions you don't want the answers to," he glanced to the boy in glasses, who looked at him softly, yet with a hint of sternness to it.
"Ohh, yeah," She then gasped, seemingly embarrassed about her little slip-up. John chuckled, yet he couldn't help but want this to turn down a very dirty road. John massaged, sitting quietly on the edge of Irene's bed, twisting himself awkwardly as he reached across his body to reach Irene's, but it was worth the thought of something more happening between the two.
"So, William," Bill said, "I didn't think you'd be this," Bill paused as he coughed after a rough hit. John patted his back with a chuckle, "chill. Like, you walked out on our conversation in the Laundry mat, and I thought you hated me," Bill laughed.
William sat up and sighed. "You wouldn't want to know," He said, "It'll ruin your image of me," He ran a hand through the mop of messy curls.
John opened the letter from Dumbledore first, swallowing as he glanced up at the advisor table, where the staff sat in a line in the front of the magical castle. He looked back at it when Dumbledore nodded to him.
John stepped out of the shower hours later and looked at himself in the mirror. "Shit!" he hissed, tilting his head to reveal his neck, which bore a pretty noticeable hickey on it. "Shit, shit, shit!" John panicked, scrambling from the bathroom to his bedroom to aggressively grab his phone to look up ways to get rid of a hickey. He'd hardly slept, he was thinking so much. He was starting to worry that he liked it too much, the feeling of Sherlock, a cock, pushing deep inside him. John's never had an internal conflict this bad before. The most he's worried but lately was paying bills and getting to work on time. He even thought of texting Harry, to get some kind of advice on something like this, gay insight if you will, picking up his mobile only to sigh and drop it back down again. John felt utterly hopeless,
John rode the tube home. Patrons on the tube stared awkwardly at him and whispered and murmured to one another, glancing at John, who had vomit on his trousers, cum splashed at the bottom of his shirt, and tousled hair. He felt totally ashamed of himself by the time he'd gotten home. John stripped down and got into the shower, feeling ribald.
They laughed. They laughed, joked, and made new inside jokes between the three of them, which William never thought he'd see the day he'd be sitting in the dirt under the bleachers late at night with two men smoking fake fags.
"Please, answer quicker," His drill sergeant demanded sarcastically. John didn't understand why they had to answer to him when they were in the mess hall. It was a time for eating not for taking orders. John sighed as he sat back down, loosening up his tight an nervous aura around him from the situation.
"JY221347C," Sherlock recited as he huffed a breath of frustration, "That's funny, I always wondered where you go for your NI cards; turns out, it's usually a sentimental place, so where you were born,"
"John," William said. It was apparent that the boy was sobbing on John's shoulder. John realised, if he left, William would have no one. No one would stick around his room and wait for him to come back from classes. No one would allow him to wait for them to get lunch then let him take things from their tray as John did. William was going to lose everything. John's expression softened as he brought his arms up to return the sudden show of affection.
"Did a Slytherin invite him to this event?" He asked, placing a nervous hand onto John's shoulder. John quietly nodded,
The class went well. Sherlock paid attention and was praised for his efforts and it felt good to him. He quite fancied compliments. Sherlock decided that he liked the class, more specifically the professor.
"Here we are, John," She said with a smile as she set it down in front of him. Irene looked up at Sebastian, who snatched the wet cloth from her hands, earning a confused and irritated look from her. She stayed for emotional support. That was until Sebastian told her she should leave.
"Is it bad that I miss John so much?" Sherlock asked as they left the tent and Victor used the cleaning spell to fold the blankets and pile them next to the door. Victor shrugged,
"Who's that, a member of his family?" John asked, making Sherlock stop out of surprise. His smile fell and he grunted, turning frustratedly away from John, who was left confused and a little annoyed. John tried to call after him but decided against barging into the Ravenclaw common room, just to ask who Jossy was. Instead, John went back to his own common room, where chaos ensued.
"Well, okay, I suppose," John said, tentatively standing up with his tray in his tray. Irene stood up with him and wrapped her arm around his to guide him through the crowded mess hall. John turned his head to look back at the table and nobody was there, again leaving John with the question of, 'Was he even there to begin with?' to pick at his brain for the rest of his meal at a table where he didn't feel like he belonged.
"Keep him from choking on the slugs...!" John grunted as he dragged the boy into the entrance of the castle.
"Ha! I got him first...!" This elicited a groan from Lestrade as he then smirked and pulled out his mobile, texting the detective as they filtered from the room. John heard a light gasp, and the next thing he knew he was holding Sherlock back from attacking the DI, who had been smiling. Of course, Sherlock's attack attempt had just been a bluff, but it was still a serious offense, even if they weren't in England anymore.
"Baskerville news reporting live. The shooting began not too long ago. Who is behind such a heinous crime?" The reporter said as they made their way behind a group of riot-geared officers into the school. They'd gone down the hallway to get close to the shooting area.
John's face of confusion changed to sadness, "Y-yes, I know," he said, glancing down, "I know and I'm sorry," Sherlock turned his face away. He didn't know why, but he felt the rise of tears bubbling up in his chest, "I should've told you, but I-I... I couldn't," John looked down, "I couldn't find the words. I'm sorry, Sherlock,"
"That way, when we put him down, it won't hurt his head as much," John said with a grunt as he continued to drag the boy's body. Hagrid lay the Jacket over Sherlock to try and warm him up, but he had already been sweating for an hour through his sporadic convulsions. They heard someone humming as they walked out of the side of the castle,
"I didn't make it that obvious, did I?" John asked as he lowered his camera from where he was set up across the street some. Through his earpiece, the doctor grunted as he twisted around,
"I said move," Jim snarled, pulling his wand from the sleeve of his newly dried robe. John only held up his fists with a look of warning. Jim scoffed, "What'll you do, Mud-blood, hit me?"
"Only like, every day! Honestly, mate! He wouldn't --couldn't-- shut up about you," Mike shouted, then got strangely tepid for a moment. "Did you really have a crush on him?" Mike asked, snickering. Sherlock immediately felt his heart race and his face flush.
"Have a good day, sir," John smiled and the trio looked on with amazed admiration as he disappeared into the crowd. As he did, John heard the famous detective murmur about wanting a German Sheppard, then changed his mind to an Irish Setter. John kept his head low as he continued through the mass of people, scowling a bit.
Sherlock thrust, making John bite his lip to stifle the moan, and the next thrust was more forceful, almost like a snap and John was gasping for air as he felt his prostate being nudged, even if by a little bit. Sherlock snapped again, letting a primal growl resonate in John's ear as he nipped at the lobe, then kissed and bit at John's cheek and neck. John had his hands in Sherlock's hair, so pullable. Another thrust and John actually let a strangled moan out of his throat. Sherlock grunted and John's toes curled, nearing his end. Sherlock sped up, his own breaths growing erratic. He thrust again and again, burying himself deep into John's arse until finally, "Ahh..!" John groaned, throwing his head back, climaxing in his pants, gasping for air.
"Never mind that, Mrs Hudson," Sherlock pulled back with a smile, "I'll need a room for the weekend; I can pay," He said, pulling out the heavied coin bag. Mrs Hudson placed a hand on the boy's to stop him from his offer.
"Aw, but mum's still refusing to buy one and send it to me from one of the shoppes, Cart...!" Billy whined. Cart might have been happy with the response because she'd begun to turn around, but Billy just had to add, "You might wanna clean it, yeah? Has a bit of sleeping draught," She turned, whipped around and before John could tell, he was tossing his bag to the ground and getting in the middle of it, pushing Cart off of Billy, getting a few scratches from her nails in on his arm before they finally realised that a first-year had intervened. John's hands pushed Cart off of the sofa and she decided she'd take John down with her.
"There, just reassurance," William said, sounding satisfied with his work. "Now, something to do while John's in class,"
William snapped himself out with a startled jump as his mind was moving into places they shouldn't have been going. His eyes were widened and looked shocked.
"How would you know, though? Never mind, I think I'll just ask that third-year he keeps checking out, Jossy," Sherlock said dismissively, waving his hand off a bit. He saw how Harry reacted He was trying his best to not say anything, and that's exactly what Sherlock needed to know. Sherlock leaned in. John looked around and found a group of Slytherins near Pince's check-out desk. They were snickering and quietly joking about amongst one another. All except one, who had his eyes burning on the two, probably for a while. He had short black hair that was swiped to one side in little spikes, barely noticeable. His eyes, however, were the glassiest of greens John had ever seen. The Slytherin's jaw clenched and John took in a sharp inhale.
"N-nothing...!" Victor shook his head, trying to catch his breath, "I can see it, now!" Victor said, standing up to demonstrate, "You on the edge of a ship with you wand drawn like a sword, yelling 'ARGH!' on the top of your lungs," Victor doubled back into his chair with laughter as Sherlock began laughing as well. Other kids were looking at them as lunch was usually a time for casual studying, but Sherlock couldn't be arsed to care, really.
"Okay, I'm going to check your pupils and heart rate. I just need you to think about them," The woman leaned in and put her hand on William's face, manually opening his eyes wider, and her other on the side of his neck, measuring his heart rate as his mind began to remember John. His hair so blonde and soft, like sand on the loveliest beaches of Germany. William remembered how close they stood before he went to his last therapy appointment. They just looked at each other. William wouldn't have minded if they wasted the day like that, however, judging by the fact that they were physically closer together after than they were before, William deduced that if it had continued on, they would have only been doing that the entire day.
John looked around for William in the school's centre lobby, but there was no trace that the boy had even existed as John was pointed to his assigned dorm room.
"Is there a specific reason that you are performing less than usual recently, John?" She asked, her voice shook with frustration and old age. John was usually a very good transfigurer, but if his mind was off in space, it was difficult.
One day, Victor was so busy, though, that he couldn't have lunch with Sherlock. He only helped the boy to the Great Hall and promised to be back by the end of lunch. Sherlock nodded, suddenly feeling anxious about entering the Great Hall. Sherlock wheeled himself to his usual spot at the end, where he ate and studied.
They had surprisingly made amends quickly, having a new understanding of one another. It was nice, Sherlock thought admittedly, this feels... Nice, Sherlock felt free to let a small smile form on his lips.
"Come to think, that would explain your quite extensive experience and knowledge in first aid," Sherlock muttered,
They opened the door to the common room and stepped out. John quietly cast the illumination charm so they could see better as they stealthily made their way to the staircases.
John got dressed up and met them at the restaurant by taking the bus. Mycroft drove Sherlock and they kind of met at the door, both of them having a smoke whilst waiting. As John approached, Sherlock put out his cigarette on the pavement and shook John's hand. John nodded.
John thanked Hagrid once they arrived with the first-years with a smile. As they headed up the long case of stone stairs, some kids asked if Hagrid was nice or not. As the group entered, John looked over the group. He caught Sherlock trying to look at someone up front with John, but as soon as they saw each other, Sherlock ducked his head quickly. John shrugged it off and looked forward again as an older woman walked up to the group of young students.
As Sherlock prepared his potion, he heard John humming from his station next to him. It didn't really bother Sherlock, surprisingly. An owl soon flew and landed on the window sill as Sherlock began stirring the potion after dropping in a few horned slugs,
There was a tap on Sherlock's shoulder. Sherlock twisted himself around to see John sitting there with a smile. Sherlock rolled his eyes and turned back to face front. The lesson began.
"Let's face it, Sir," The doctor said as she was consulting him after Sherlock told her about the new student having an interest in him,
"He didn't need to. It shows," She casually said. Sherlock's movements fell still for a moment, somehow shocked at that revelation, that everyone knew? Sherlock opened his mouth, about to say something, but Mary stood, cutting Sherlock's thoughts short by saying her good night with a smile. She left Sherlock there to think about it. Sherlock leaned back against the couch cushions. He looked around to see that the other Ravenclaws had the same idea and were heading up to their dorms as well. Sherlock sighed, feeling exhausted.
One day the next week, John got home and found that his trunk was missing. It had all of his magical paraphernalia. He'd practically ransacked the house to find nothing in resemblance to his trunk. John had begun to fear the worst as his dad came home looking uncharacteristically satisfied with something.
"You have textbooks; look ahead," Sherlock sharply quipped, "Second, your notes are rubbish," He flatly said, sighing as he himself flipped through the notes. He silently told Mary to wait with a hand to the air and magically summoned his own bag, filled with books and notes. Sherlock opened the bag and dug his arms through in search of his own Potions books. Once he found them, Sherlock pulled them up and laid them onto the coffee table in between the two.
"John," William greeted under the bleachers as John was talking and loitering with Bill Murray from his JROTC class, "Fag?" He asked, pulling the case where he put the tubes in.
"Well, so do I, but I'm guessing you think about him more than I do as you asked to talk about this man privately," Bill said with a smirk creeping up on his face.
Sherlock snapped his head around and growled lowly with an intense scowl on his face. John's eyes widened and Sherlock glanced down at John's hand, then back up at his face, then at his bottle of ink in dangerous warning. He turned back to face front to be looking directly at the deep grimace of one Severus Snape.
"But, you said that I said it," John said, "meaning, I must've told you personally, but I don't remember," John trailed off as he saw Sherlock's facial expression change significantly.
"Yeah, well... I was an officer once, too, so..." John huffed a frustrated sigh out as he ran his free hand through his hair, his head turning to hide his flushed expression
"Well, you don't matter, John!" Sherlock snapped, his face red with frustration and his nostrils flared. John stilled. His eyes widened and he didn't really know how to react. His urge was to say something petty, like 'Now, I know why nobody likes you,' but John knew he'd regret that. He knew that Sherlock would act hostile to him. Not that he wasn't already, John's brain screamed, begging him to react in some way because it needed, craved the twisted satisfaction that the idea of revenge brought.
It felt good to talk to John closely again. Sherlock was still pretty tired from this morning and by lunch, the sleeplessness was casually catching up with him. "Transfiguration is like a piece of cake to me," Sherlock chuckled quietly in the library seat next to his frustrated friend, who voiced his opinion and irritation about the class.
"It's fine, William," John said, ripping the fabric and quickly tying it around William's forearm. William winced as John pulled on the cloth. "Too tight?" John asked. William shook his head. "Okay, let me just," John said as he walked over to his coat, dug inside of the breast pocket, and walked back with a small sewing starter-kit. William sat up as he knew what was going to come next.
"That Ravenclaw you saved; He's the same one that was in a coma for a week, right?"  She asked. John's conversational smile seemed to fade for a moment before returning after looking about the common room,
The two went to the office and John quickly copied at least half of the addresses down before Sherlock and he began to change back. John was happy to be back in his regular skin. He couldn't imagine having to live with breasts...! Especially ones as bi--
"Not that you care," Sherlock said, letting go of John's hand. The blonde boy looked up, confused and hurt, "I mean, y-you just... left!" Sherlock furrowed the bridge of his nose in slight anger. John's eyebrows furrowed. "You didn't even tell me,"
"More like pure logic, mud-blood," he said snapping his head up pridefully. John tilted his head, "My brother said 'Mud-blood' is another term for Muggle-borns," Sherlock explained. John nodded, and Sherlock continued on his prideful rant about how he belonged to Slytherin.
"Do we have any volunteers?" Mrs McGonagall asked as she held the rolled up paper in her hands. John smirked and rose his hand high. She seemed surprised at this act of bravery and asked bored his name.
"He tell you that?" Sherlock quipped with a sharp chuckle, only but glancing up to see that Mary was doing the same.
"I'm used to it, so I didn't think it would hurt as much coming from you," John nearly whispered as if totally ashamed of his lesson than perfect upbringing, "but, I think it was because I was used to it that I didn't expect it to come from such a comfortable atmosphere that it surprised and affected me so much,"
John tossed the tennis ball in the air, finding it only mildly amusing that Bear was already drooling, his eyes trained on the toy. John threw it over his shoulder and rubbed his hands together as he stood. John walked up behind the man at the public phone mounted to the cement ground. John leaned in to possibly hear something, but Harold hung up suddenly and turned, bumping shoulders with John, who stepped back defensively.
"He probably wouldn't detour to the restroom, either, he'd probably wait smugly until you pissed yourself!" John laughed, leaning over the back of the chair to rest his head on Sherlock's for a moment. This is what John must've missed, Sherlock thought as they detoured to the restrooms, laughing and giggling because the damn door wasn't wide enough for the chair to fit.
"He slept with your girlfriend," quickly, scooped his messy plate up with his left hand, and as he turned to get up, he smashed the remainder of the food into Sebastian's face and dropped the plate in his lap. "Hmm, yes. I do believe the expression is, 'Revenge is sweet,' I thank you, Sebastian." He quipped, then leisurely walked off to his room.
"Still, I think it may be worth checking out," Greg said, earning a groan from Sherlock as he began running his fingers along with the fabric of his trousers and making a low wheezing sound from his Sinasus, closing his eyes for a bit. Greg looked over at John, who lifted a hand to vaguely gesture to the man across the back seat of the cab,
The trio tried their best to keep quiet as they made their way to William's room. "I'm getting in the shower," John said as he grabbed clothes from 'his' designated drawer and made his way to the bathroom, leaving William to pull all of the hidden foods out of the hiding spot. William got up and walked into the bathroom with an ecstatic smile soon after John had started the water.
William was quiet after that, going into his mind palace, he began thinking about John and what his situation must've been like at home. He said they've moved around a lot, but how would a man such as John's father adjust to multiple major changes in his lifestyle, accents, culture? His mother doesn't sound like much a drinker, and he himself was worried about addictive drug use, yet he wasn't worried if it were a cigarette addiction. So, even his mother must be a smoker, however, he doesn't completely condone it, judging the clothes he wore on the train smelled of smoke, yet none of his other items. How interesting, this boy is.
They sat there and they looked up at the sky again. John began getting confused. All of the school was talking about it, but William hadn't mentioned it once.
I have been informed of your medicinal triumphs here at Hogwarts, having saved the life of your friend, young Ravenclaw, William SS Holmes, twice, now. I award your house 150 points for your speedy and split-second instincts to help others. However, I also was informed that you snapped young Slytherin, James Moriarty's, wand and threatened him after giving him a few punches. I expect you two to meet me in the West Towers, my office, first thing after dinner to explain each of your sides and discuss a fair punishment. You may or may not get detention. I look forward to meeting with you both and learning about what has been going on.
It took a long time for the sorting hat to come up with a decision, so long that John began to wonder what would happen if a kid had lice, then wore the hat. It'd be a bloody epidemic! John snickered briefly at the thought and tuned back into the ceremony only to hear,
"John, I sent a message to my brother, who said he can allow us to go to the museum tomorrow to look at the painting, and I've ruled out any other possible debunking from that online search you suggested," Willam said, smiling as he made his way past an annoyed Sebastian, standing guard against any Williams who dared try to intrude, "We got this!" He said, clasping John's newly emptied hand in his own two. John smiled as well, and they shared a victorious gaze into one another's eyes, but John turned away, fighting the somehow strong urge to lean closer to the taller boy. John cleared his throat as he pulled his hands from the hold to place them on his hips.
"You still haven't told me who your crush is," She said, hopeful that she'd get that information from the introverted boy.
"De novo, a genetic mutation that appears in the lineage for the first time," Sherlock sighed and turned to go back to work.
"John, you can't leave," William said, "you-you can't just leave like this," He said, pacing in front of the blonde boy.
"You're not supposed to; that's what he relies on," He said, making his way to the couches. He sat down across from her and looked at her notes. "Well, no wonder you look like an idiot," He said, looking critically at the sprawled books with her writing on the pages. She leaned in, "because you are," She leaned back with a scoff as she quickly furrowed her eyebrows. "Don't speak," Sherlock commanded, holding a finger up, "first, you're way behind on notes,"
John's broom must've drunk Monster or something because it zoomed. He could briefly hear Madam Hooch shouting for John to get down, but how could he? His head was bobbling and he could briefly make out the sounds of kids' laughter from the ground. He was getting little blackouts because his head was shaking, crushing his occipital lobe to the back of his skull as the broom whipped him every-which-way. John eventually trusted the broom was low enough to let go, which was definitely misplaced judgement, to say the least.
"This one's free of charge," The student said, pulling out something wrapped in cloth, "but when you need more -- and, trust me, you will need more -- you'll need to pay me,"
John was on army penchant and looking for a place to stay. The first place he looked was his sister's flat. She was near central London where John wanted to be as it was a place that was chaotic and it felt like an unsuspecting home to him. John took a cab to Harry's house. He knocked on the door and Clara answered.
And, they've done it. They actually broke the drug ring, mainly with Sherlock's help to point them in the right direction. The night they broke it was a rough one. Sherlock was calling Lestrade whilst running after the leader, James Hudson. He'd been popping into town to transport the American drugs to London. Sherlock recognised him from one of his fix searches. He'd gone undercover and infiltrated a den, where James was. He'd bought the dope from James, however, he must've known about London's cracking down so he'd almost forced Sherlock to take it on the spot. James took a shot near Sherlock's foot when the taller man pulled out his dagger. Sherlock hopped back about a foot, letting James escape. Sherlock pushed James' people out of his way and began to chase after the man. They'd gone through the streets and Lestrade finally picked up.
"John, if there was an overdose point, then I would have found it years ago, trust me," John felt speechless at that point. "Look, if you don't want to calm down and not feel anxious, I'll take it back," William reached for the blunt, however, without even thinking, John moved it to him and away from William. William only smiled. "Good choice, Watson," He said, chuckling as he properly sat down next to John again. After a while of sitting there choking on small amounts of smoke, William said,
"Oh... Well, I apologise for what I said, John. I was in a low place, I still am, and I guess I wasn't really ready for condolences and comfort yet,"
"Ah, but that's not what you've been accepted for. Was it, John?" He heard the snarky remark from the deep voice from above, making his heart-rate accelerate.
"Okay, whatever," John said, easily dismissing the suspicious behaviours William was putting out. "Second, you were right about Irene all along," John admitted.
"Yeah, it's kind of odd; A perfect in Hufflepuff told me that Victor let the kid into their house...!" another girl hissed with a giggle.
"Don't worry," John smiled up at Jacob, "Snape took ten more points off Ravenclaw than he had to his own house, so at least we know he's fair," John said sarcastically as he strummed a quick line of chords.
"That's fine, mate," Mike reassured, "This is perfect," John and his group mixed and mingled with Mike's group. Then, the group was given the briefing from John and Mike.
William returned to his dorm quickly, his face flushed from embarrassment and anger. John was sitting on the bed, reading a book when he saw his friend return so emotionally.
John watched in horror as the blonde teen angrily pointed his gun at William and without an accurate aim, he pulled the trigger, sending the bullet to tear through the flesh of the tell teen John'd loved way back when. John didn't know why, but he felt a kind of closure to know that William had passed on, but he only wished that it would've been more peaceful for him.
"Yes, sir," the man quickly looked through his computer and found a room. "The record room is here, but be quick and careful," the man wrote on an otherwise blank piece of paper, "and, here's the room,"
John spent a long and unhappy week in and out of classes, working out, in the shower, in the Mess Hall, or in his room. John wasn't always alone when Sebastian was at a class or eating. William paid him visits, studying, arguing, working on the projects, hanging out, or wait. They argued. They argued a lot. They argued about the project. William felt like he was doing this project on his own.
"Well, he shows all the indications of having a crush. William is turning normal. Congratulations," She smiled, but Mycroft didn't like that.
A while later, there was a knock at the door and John's practise of rifts stopped for the door to open peacefully. It was a boy John hadn't seen before. "William, get your robe on; we'll be arriving soon," his voice was a little harsh as he leaned his upper body into the cabin. John wasn't as surprised as he saw the green outlines on his own robe.
"We'll figure it out if we come to that," John said, picking up a breakfast sandwich, "First, I need to eat," John said before taking a big bite of the sandwich in his hands. "You can have some," John mumbled through his food, covering his mouth with his wrist as he pushed the tray with his elbow.
"We have flying class together, right?" Mary asked, glancing up at John, pulling her hair behind her ear. John nodded. He remembered, he saw her wipe out on a broom and get up like it was nothing.
"What do you want?" Sherlock asked, his eyebrow quirking up in confusion and annoyance. John straightened his posture as he looked back at the boy.
"Ah, friends in high places, Jossy, I suppose," John gave with a chuckle, pointing over to the wall.
"I'm going to get ready, I expect you to be gone when I get back, dammit," John angrily yelled, setting down is cuppa with a sternness to it; one that would make even Harry fall silent to his demand. John quickly limped into his bedroom. His barely-used bedroom. Often nights, he'd sit on the couch imitating his guarding post position, facing the door, waiting for nothing, whilst methodically fiddling with his gun. John shook the feeling of the wastefulness of his time as he got himself ready for the appointment he had with his therapist. John didn't even hear the door open or close, so he was surprised as he walked into his sitting room and saw it's been cleaned up, save for Harry's mobile with a note, sloppily written, tucked underneath of it.
"Keep tabs on Sherlock Holmes and Dr John Watson," John instructed. "I'm heading back for Finch really quick; I've assigned Carter to the DI," he gave then lifted his eyebrows, "Oh and Lionel? Don't let me down,"
"John, I get it," She offered a calm, gentle smile, "everyone feels like they don't belong in a new environment,"
Jossy nodded in understanding, "Alright," then, she seemed to realise something, "you may want to tell your buddy that,"
"Well, that's what you would've done if it weren't me, huh!?" John said on a Wednesday evening as John'd believed it to be true. William seemed to be pulling some kind of favouritism towards John. What John says sometimes and what he does, apparently left an impression on people that he was friendly to everyone now. People began to gravitate towards him within that week. William was being shown attention and he practically ran away from it. "Because you care for me way more than anyone else for some reason," John shouted.
Sherlock turned the corner of the house to see his mum, Ophelia Holmes, standing with his younger, twin siblings, Sherrinford and Eurus, who were only a year behind Sherlock.
"You know, you're the second person to say that to me today," Mike said with a smile. John furrowed his eyebrows and his lips tightened.
"Uh, playing Gobstones properly." She said with an attitude. John gritted his teeth. "What are you gonna do, hit me? I'm the greatest witch in Hogwarts; I could knock you on your arse in ten seconds flat!" She said as a warning.
"Oh, but it did, addict," Sherlock's voice lowered into something of a warning, "and, it will happen again, very soon, and again and again," Sherlock basically growled, "And, I know for a fact that no matter how much you want to just go along with your boring little life, you'll always let me come in and ruin your day with wild pleasure," He said, "you're hooked, now," He said,
"Oi!" Hagrid shouted in his gruff and low voice. There were whispers and a few last, scattered chants as the grass and dirt crunched beneath the retreating perpetrators' feet. Most of them were laughing, while some first-years were worrying about what would happen if they get caught. Hagrid flashed his lantern at the quick group of kids behind the trees as he stopped in front of the two Gryffindor boys. John quickly turned and threw up, making Jacob sigh as if relenting to whatever punishment was coming their way.
"Do I know him," Sherlock chuckled as he looked back to check if John had left. Once the coast was clear, Sherlock gave a big, bear hug to Mike, surprising the man whilst shouting, "HOW COULD I FORGET HIM!?" Once he let Mike go, Sherlock saw that his brows were furrowed in confusion.
"What if it's not a fake, though? We'll have wasted our entire week and a half on a lead that fell through and we won't have any time working on our actual project," William warned with cold eyes, probably already calculating their moves.
"Oh, Sherlock, what have I told you about flew powder, dear?" She chuckled as she hugged Sherlock lightly.
"What the hell is wrong with you?" Mike clarified as he raised his brows in suspicion, "Do you know John?" Mike asked.
"If you had to be a muggle, what would you want to be, like job-wise, you know?" Victor asked as they sat at the long table. Sherlock hummed, laying the book he was reading flat on the table as he thought.
John abruptly switched the temperature as he found his thoughts turning down a darker, more satisfying turn that John didn't feel comfortable with. From hot to cold. He didn't want to think anymore. John quickly finished his shower and dried himself off without thinking of you-know-who, however, as John exited the bathroom, clad in only his pyjama trousers, still roughly towelling off his hair with one hand, holding his dirty clothes with the other, John found it more and more difficult to think of the boy, because he was standing at the door.
And, boy, was John RIGHT! The next couple of days were the worst. He arms, therefore he, collapsed on the staircases twice. Every morning, as soon as John would get to the Ravenclaw house, was painful stretching of his arms and legs. His limbs were already sore, but then they'd go to the hospital wing and do physical therapy, which was even more strenuous, to say the least.
"They didn't give you a choice, did they?" John asked, finally connecting the dots. "You had to do it; You were abused," John sighed out of disappointment in himself.
It was on the train where Sherlock first met John. It wasn't a meeting Sherlock could look back and be proud of, especially considering... they both just needed a friend.
"I don't know w-what to do," Sherlock timidly chuckled, feeling very bashful, "I mean, this is... A date, right?" He looked up, his face wouldn't stop flushing...!
"Trying to figure out why you were placed in Ravenclaw?" John asked, tilting his head to get a better look at the pages. "Woah, that's a lot of reading...!" John said with a chuckle. Sherlock rolled his eyes and continued to scan his eyes over the words on the pages. He turned the page and ran his finger down, then swiped over to the other side of the book, then flipped it again.
John was finally being discharged. He was so excited to get back to civilian life. He needed to know what not fighting for his life felt like.
Once Sherlock had collected himself and stored the many names into his brain, which had increased its recent 'document space,' since the... event.
As Sherlock reached quickly for his trousers, John quickly and carelessly ripped at his pants, making the opening bigger, for more to fit. Sherlock looked up at John with a growl and moved in closer. John instinctively wrapped his legs around Sherlock's waist as the taller man covered his mouth. John hadn't realised why, until Sherlock pulled closer, bringing John up more to penetrate him without preparation. John screamed, clutching Sherlock's shirt in fists as the tall man bent his neck down to bite at John's, sucking and licking and giving an aggressive kiss to the side of John's face, Sherlock removed his hand and used it to grip the back of his shirt.
"I know it should, and it did, at first. But, no; not anymore, at least. Sometimes getting high on life isn't good enough, you know? I-I mean, we're all addicts, trying to fill the void. Whether it be love, sex, cigarettes, drugs, alcohol, cars; some are just better at hiding it than others," Sherlock said, giving a sideways glance in John's direction with tightened lips. Mycroft popped up and rapidly tapped on John's shoulder,
"If you're asking instead of smoking, you already know," William said, nonchalantly taking the cigarette out of his mouth to french inhale the smoke.
"No! Well, yes. I mean, not excessively, just like, every other night, and in my spare time, you know?" John tried to explain as accurately as he could, but he couldn't find the right words for his feelings.
"But, we just ran from there," John said sceptically but didn't argue when Sherlock started to walk.
"Why couldn't he just take it to me in breakfast?" Sherlock glanced up to the knock as he began to read the message.
John was breathing heavy as he made up his mind with a slight nod, pushing, urging Sherlock to move quickly as they ran down the ice-riddled sidewalk. John's dad sprinted after them, pushing through the scarce amount of people, regrouping after the boys pushed to get away. Whilst running, Sherlock yanked on John's jumper to pull the boy into an alleyway cloaked in darkness, were John leaned against the wall, with Sherlock chest-to-chest with him, his lungs screaming for air as he gasped and coughed. Yet, when his father's shouting voice was heard passing said alley and Sherlock hid John's noticeably blonde hair with his own, by basically burying his face in John's shoulder, John held his breath and releasing it in a high-pitched laugh when he knew his dad was far from them. John's hands gripped Sherlock's uniform jumper as he laughed, too, leaning back to shake his head.
"He's dying," John muttered in disbelief and quickly patted around the ground for something sharp. He cut Sherlock's shirt with a broken shell piece and announced that he was going to start compressions. As John began pressing sharply to Sherlock's left side, he prayed that he could save him. He had to save him. "22/1,000, 23/1,000..." He counted, then felt a crack from beneath his palms. His rib just broke,
"Hey," John said softly, placing a gentle hand onto his shoulder. Sherlock looked over at John with a weak, forced smile. "It's okay, you know, to be a little different,"  John reassured with a smile as his eyebrow lifted some.
"Hey," John said. Sherlock felt something nipping at his mind, begging to be remembered. He tried to dig it out as Victor and John talked. "Your parents sent me a letter; kind of scared to open it...!" He chuckled, making Sherlock chuckle.
Sherlock was left on the ground, seeing from a third person perspective as his body shook violently in seizures. John suddenly slid on his knees and begun to examine him. Sherlock's vision cut again, but he opened his eyes and saw John's face again. He was cold and sweating. Sherlock saw the sky move. Was he being dragged?
"I think you turned out fine, considering your past; I bet your family's proud of who you've become," John said. William had a tightening in his chest. John could feel him tense up. After a few moments of William probably trying to collect his words, John heard the shaky voice, unsteady yet sure of what to say, utter,
"Oh, uh. I didn't know you smoked," Bill said, hesitantly grabbing one for himself. John gave William a look, which he returned with his own smirk.
Then, he had a free period, so he went to the library to find other more about the sorting hat and the qualities of the different houses. He'd ended up checking the book out and heading to the common room to change from his robes. Sherlock didn't favour them, Slytherin colours or not. They were hot and got in the way, therefore, inefficient.  Sherlock headed to the Great Hall to grab his lunch, then he upheld his word to meet with John in the Courtyard.
"Excuse me!" John addressed, looking up. The figure only but glanced down as he was putting something of his own in John's compartment space. "Uh, pardon my anger, but that's my bloody trunk you just tossed, you sod!" John said, not too loud as to catch the entire train's attention, obviously suspicious of this person's intentions.
"It's good to have you back, mate," he muttered, causing an unsuspecting warm smile to slip to his own face. He sighed, starting to relax a bit again,
"Sherlock," A voice said. There was some snickering behind the voice as Sherlock looked up. It was Moriarty. Sherlock laid his book down to the table and closed it with a smile.
"Holmes," He said, his narrowing eyes staring daggers into William. "Moran," William returned, just as cold and calculated. "Let this semester be even more memorable than the last," Sebastian said, smirking. William squinted his eyes, furrowing his eyebrow in suspicion, however, was immediately pushed aside when John turned around and said,
"This, Victor," Sherlock lifted their intertwined hands, "why are you doing this?" Their hands dropped.
"Someone?" The nurse asked as she let out a confused chuckle. Sherlock felt a slight blush across his face as he felt another involuntary smirk urge itself to William's face. "Hmmm," He answered as he let his head sternly nod. "And the symptoms?" She asked.
"Shine those shoes, Watson! You're an army doctor, not a star-gazer!" His sergeant shouted as he'd been walking up and down the lines to examine the progress, and of course, Watson was always star-gazing, or dozing off, or falling asleep in lectures. John blamed it all on William subconsciously. If it weren't for him, John wouldn't have this problem.
"Hey, Sherl," Jim's voice sounded from behind Sherlock and he turned to bump their fists together with a smile. Out of the corner of his eye, Sherlock saw John, who was about to go and greet the eccentric boy, too, falter in his plan and just sit, looking at the two, who looked to get along so well.
"You're no better a witch than I am a wizard," John said she looked absolutely offended and she strutted around the fountain to stand poshly in front of John. "You're probably just an arrogant first-year, who can't seem to get a grip on reality," John said, clenching his fists.
After they'd checked into the hotel and put everything down for a moment in their respective rooms, Sherlock demanded John accompany him to the precinct.
"Look, he's an old friend, okay? It was a misunderstanding and he knows it," Jim said, trying to push by John, but John wouldn't budge so easily. His adrenaline was still buzzing through his veins, making him push Jim back harder than necessary. Jim narrowed his eyes.
"What are you doing, John?" Jacob asked, running behind John, who extinguished the wand and looked at the convulsions and nodded,
"He's stimming," he said. "Give him a bit..." As the car went on through the busy roads, the doctor was still totally unaware of the bug in his phone, sending their conversations elsewhere to be examined by a man behind a computer screen.
"Oi, Holmes, which do you think is better? Call of Duty or Modern Warfare?" The third-year asked, pointing at the boy with curly hair, who already wasn't happy to have to wear the uniform and colours of Ravenclaw, but he was absolutely was not on for a bloody debate on Muggle games, at seven in the morning!!
"That, is a misnomer, Ms Rebekah," The boy said, pointing towards her in slight disappointment. He leaned forward to lean his elbows onto his knees. William sighed. Ms Rebekah leaned forward to try and look at the boy's face.
"Oh, my god!" Sherlock looked back and tried his best not to laugh as John stood there, arms out a bit as he looked down to his trousers, which now had vomit on the lap.
Transfiguration with Slytherins was the difficult part of it as Sherlock hadn't made any friends in his house and he was considered innocently infamous among all Slytherins across Hogwarts. Of course, after class, Sherlock asked McGonagall if she'd seen John today and if he was okay. Surprisingly, she hadn't and asked if there was any reason he was asking, in which Sherlock had dismissed as if there was one, Sherlock didn't want John to get into trouble. So, instead, Sherlock just left the room, limping his way to his common room.
"Why am I at the airport, Finch?" John asked, his smooth voice going through the like of his earpiece. Wearing his usual suit, John fit in with all of the men on business trips, or even those coming home from them.
"What's your name?" John asked. The teen straightened up quickly and seemed to tense up. "It's William. William Sherlock Scott Holmes," the teen muttered, looking to the floor.
Sherlock whistled with an arched eyebrow. "Woah, drop trou, would ya'?" He chuckled as he looked John up and down. His eyes quickly looked away to finish pouring the coffee from the pot into a mug. "Nice pants; very practical," He patted the counter top and John sat there, folding his hands in his lap as he chuckled, too.
The two walked to the car outside and got in. The car started and began to drive off as William was on his way to his monthly therapy session.
"Oh, my God!" John laughed as they approached the charms classroom, "You've never sword-fought with your brothers!?" He asked in disbelief. Sherlock laughed,
"Hey, Sherl," Jim said and they bumped their fists together like they used to. Jim took a step back with a light smile. "Wow, I have to say, blue kind of suits you, mate," he said with a wink. Sherlock let out a bitter, sarcastic laugh. "It does; brings out your eyes," Jim chuckled, scratching the back of his head. Sherlock smiled back.
"So, uh, the mess hall's the first floor at the end of the 'D wing'," William explained, making the blonde boy, who was feeling the awkward silence begin to melt away.
"Well, what can you do," William sighed as he saw a message from his brother finally link through. "Ugh, he can't get me into the museum after all," William said as he dropped the mobile back onto the hardwood flooring and finally actually looked at John.
"Just tell the truth, okay?" Mary said. John tightened his lips and nodded, letting out a thick huff of air as Mary also nodded, only but glancing back to the Slytherin table to see Jim glaring in their direction.
"Oh, he's busy right now, but he'll be back at the end f lunch to push me to physical therapy," Sherlock said with a simple shrug. Sherlock thought it was a little suspicious that Jim flinched at the next activity scheduled for Sherlock, but he quickly recovered, glancing to his sides.
"Get out." The older boy said. John snapped his head up, his smile dropping quickly. "You're not welcome in this car, let alone this school, mud-blood," he sneered. John's eyes widened. He looked at Sherlock, who had the same reaction. "Go, out, now!" He shouted, startling John from his seat. He was grabbing his things and hurrying out of the cabin within seconds. He looked dejectedly as Sherlock as the door slammed shut. Sherlock was looking to the floor as muted yelling came from the boy who'd kicked John from the cabin.
"I'm sorry, Sherlock! Can you forgive me!?" Victor cried, hugging onto Sherlock once more. A minute has passed and Sherlock just began laughing. Victor pulled back again, confused.
"Nevermind," a slight smile could be seen even from where he was, even across the street. The two of them had gotten into the cab.
"If I get hurt, John Watson, you'll never hear the end of it!!"Sherlock said whipping his legs out of the house.
"I think I really needed this, you know? It's just, the drama of our lives has caused us to end the day with a mixture of exhausted limbs and a restless mind, not yet satisfied with the events because we believe what the teachers in primary school taught us when they say, 'You can do anything,' and our minds want to do more, but we're limited to a system that knows more about us than we do by the age of nine. Yet, when we actually try to do something with ourselves it's hard because the government says we need this currency that we're letting define us, we're killing others of our own kind, to have more currency. Look at bank robberies with casualties, gang wars, drug smuggling business. Others do it so they can openly be free about who they believe in and how they believe in who they do. Like, everyone needs to just chill the fuck out, man!" John ranted as William sat and listened, and nodded,
"Irene Adler," She purred as she leaned further in to reach John's ear, "It was very nice to meet you, John Watson." Irene swiftly pulled back and winked before she smiled and turned to enter the classroom. Even though he knew she couldn't hear him, John muttered,
"I'd need John to help with my cover, though..." Lestrade whined with a frown, pointing to the blonde man.
"Sherlock, you haven't even met him..!" Lestrade whined. Sherlock mocked the DI's words in the reflection of the cab's back window,
"Not really; he's one of the first friends you've made here at Hogwarts, so it's only expected for you to miss him," he said turning back and grabbing Sherlock's hand to re-enter the school, "I don't see why, though; he was always kind of a prick,"
John trudged himself back to his dorm and took off his shoes at the door because he didn't want to be yelled at by Sebastian, not again. John walked in, opened his trunk to take a night outfit, and walked into the bathroom. John was undressing as he pondered even further into the painting.
As the pair stopped in the hallway outside of the lecture room, John saw Irene, who looked at him and smiled but turned back to her friends.
They hit the first few houses, pretending to be a friend of the child's, then examining the home only to find nothing wrong with the environment. It soon got dark and John realised that they didn't have a plan.
"Sherlock, but this doesn't mean we're automatically friends," the boy said with a posh smirk as he reached out to contribute to the shake of hands.
"And, whose fault is that?" William pouted for a second, but gave in once more and sighed as he sat next to John.
"Uh-uhm...ehr..." John's breath was quickening and his eyes darted around looking the crowd over as he remembered to keep his head down. John's head bobbed down, his eyes were watering and he didn't understand why. There was a lot of new noise surrounding, drowning him.
"Shit!" John cursed, sucking his teeth, "I need to go back for something," he breathed, looking up apologetically. Sherlock nodded,
"Do you think Sebastian likes me?" John asked, "I may have left a bad impression the first day." John wore a sad expression, "And I don't think he'd care," William stopped in his tracks.
"It's Sherlock Holmes and the address is 221b Baker Street," Sherlock said, winking as he clicked his tongue. He then exited the room to go and grab his riding crop.
"That wasn't just me," John swallowed. It took a moment for them to realise that they were in a peculiar spot to be in for teenage boys. Sherlock cleared his throat, taking a step back. He hadn't even realised how much room they actually had as the moment of laughter had been Sherlock's visual priority. What is this... w-weakness?!
John looked back to the Slytherin table to see that Jim was reading his letter, then back up at the staff of the castle. Mary noticed his tenseness.
"Not religiously, however, we do like to dabble in it a bit," John said, pulling the lighter from William's coat pocket to light his fag up.
"John," the boy's clouded eyes focused behind his mum where his dad cleared his throat and scowled at him. John looked at his mum. He opened his mouth to speak, but his father slowly shook his head, crossing his arms, showing his impatience. John swallowed, glanced to Harry, who was still burning John with her scornful stare. He sighed and looked down as he nodded, feeling a wave of immense sadness hit him like a bus. He went back upstairs to pack his things.
"Everyone matters, Sherlock," he said, "even you, even me, even your brother, Mycroft. Even if he doesn't deserve to, he does and that's just a fact,"
"Do it, old man! I don't care!" And as the rest of the class went with their partners to the library to do research, as instructed by the professor, John lingered in the lecture room, pretending to be picking up some things to stick around and overhear the conversation.
"They weren't laughing at you, they were laughing at us," Victor chuckled. "They don't understand," Sherlock shyly nodded after a moment of quietness. Victor smiled, making Sherlock do the same, subconsciously. "Let's get to class, yeah?"
Sherlock decided to walk with his books and timetable to the front of the Ravenclaw tower, where Mary talked to a first-year Hufflepuff girl. They laughed and Sherlock sat slowly, sliding himself down to the cold floor, against the wall as he laid his crutches next to him and went through his rucksack to retrieve his book for Herbology, which he had after breakfast, to get refreshed from last week's class.
"Since you and Murray are in my class, all through hell-week, you are excused from attendance and all work will be exempted," Lt Flood said, and John was happy, he really was, however, he would be even more thankful if her were dismissed to walk back to his dorm, too.
"Wait! You've never unclipped a bra before?!" She shouted. John shook his head, embarrassed at the confrontation. "So, this means you've never," Irene narrowed her eyes, "had sex before, either?" She asked, studying John's nervousness as he quickly shook his head, flustered and fidgeting with his fingers. "Oh, then this'll be fun!" Irene said, making John a bit nervous as she had a hint of a devious glint in her eyes.
" I guess I'm just feeling good today," William said, turning to offer Bill Murray one, tepidly quirking his eyebrows up to question silently.
After most of the kids had filtered through the doors and kids with detention lingered needlessly, John decided to start heading to Dumbledore's office. He collected the letters and envelopes and walked with Mary to the West Towers. As he said goodbye to Mary, John saw Sherlock on his crutches, standing next to Victor, talking to him. John decided to say his hellos.
After Harry's calmed some, John felt safe to start asking questions. "What happened?" John asked, carrying two cups of tea to the sitting room with a sandwich to help sober Harry up.
Sherlock hadn't gone by 'William' since college. John was right when he said 'Sherlock was much more his style,' because now Sherlock was confident with his name. He felt more in control with a queer name as Sherlock's. People thought he was smarter than him, then he'd prove it, and he'd gain respect, until he did his 'trick,' as Sebastian liked to call it. The thing that earned him lots of enemies and one mate in College, and primary school, had earned him loads more enemies and fewer mates in Uni.
"Idiot, you don't know that the room and board are compensated for?" Sherlock asked, shaking his head. John's ears burned in embarrassment.
Needless to say that the next day, John had more marks from yet another fight he'd picked with his dad. And, he'd been further rejected from any social group at his school.
"Oh! Uh, Watson. John Watson," He stammered. She rewarded John with a giggle and a simple kiss on the cheek.
Irene opened the door to John's room, leading John to his bed, where she sat him down. Sebastian turned to yell at John to take his shoes off but was surprised when he saw John dazed in horror at his hands, which were covered in blood.
The seventh of January. The number seven was always my favourite, for some reason. It was the seventh of January in which my acceptance letter to Baskerville Acadamy, for special, talented kids, arrived in the post. My father gave me a lashing, but mum drugged his beer for a good day's sleep and helped me pack to go. Mum was always too good for my father. She always said she met him when he was different, but there's no way that he, John Hamish Watson Sr, was ever different!
"John, we've known each other for less than a month," William said, doing his best to suppress the smirk he felt as his chest tightened and his throat was beginning to close out of... That was the problem, William was in semi-perfect physical health-there should be no reason for him to be experiencing these strange symptoms, "you have no idea how, 'off,' I can be," He said. John frowned.
"We have a weight-room downstairs, you know?" William said, John only nodded as he started for the staircase.
"Who the hell-?" The man was cut off by Sherlock's voice, running like those kids all those years back.
"Shit!" Jacob panted from where he hid from the hut's sight. John was panting beside him, his lungs burning with the chill of the air. Jacob looked at John and they began running again. They stayed close and followed a strict path. There was yelling and laughing coming from a while ahead. John knew they were close. Jacob told him to extinguish the wand and John hadn't known how exactly to do that.
"Look, I get it. I totally understand what you're going through. To live your whole life thinking, believing that you're normal, wanting to just be like everyone else, then having it all shattered," John began, his voice shaking slightly, "it's terrifying," he chuckled nervously, glancing up to Sherlock very briefly.
Quickly worn out by running, the two walked, still hand-in-hand, weaving themselves through the city,
That was all they said as the train ride had proceeded. William was thinking in his seat across from John, who was looking out the window and admiring the moving scenery. John fell asleep as the time went along. When the train pulled up to their desired platform, John began to stir. When he opened his eyes, John saw that William was gone. There was no trace of the boy, no sound of his wake, John pulled his trunk from the carrier shelf and looked around as the other teens were bustling, pulling and trudging their trunks from the said shelves and out the door on the side of the train.
"Hey," She said shyly, "that was awesome, w-what you did back there, you know," She said, glancing to the floor. "They all thought you went mad back there," she softly chuckled, glancing up at John, who smiled at her, too.
William noticed John had a bruise on the back of his neck. "Was this your father's doing?" William asked as he poked the bruise.
After a while of messing with William and letting him take some of John's food for himself, John saw Irene. He didn't want to leave William, because he was actually starting to warm up to the kid how ever obnoxious people might think he is. To solve his dilemma, John waved his hand and called for Irene to come to him. Once Irene saw who was calling for her to accompany her to dinner, she quickly ran over to joyously sit next to John. When she turned to look at the kid sitting across from her friend, however, Irene wore an expression explaining that she was less than pleased.
"Sherlock," John quietly warned from the next room over as the shower stopped spraying water and he stepped out, grabbing around for the towel.
John ate pretty quickly and stood up. A lot of the upperclassmen that sat around Sherlock had left already to prepare the common room for the first-years, which was what also happened with most Gryffindor upperclassmen, too. John kicked his leg over the bench next to Sherlock. He hadn't eaten at all.
"I think so; he was a first-year," John said, glancing his eyes up to Jacob, who quickly checked the time and cursed under his breath. He jumped up,
"Okay, I'm ready, but we can't stay long, I want to be there for the first day of hell week in Raider's," John said, smiling. Sebastian bid his roommate goodbye as he went to the back for a shower. "C'mon, let's go," John said, brushing past William as he exited his room.
The two mainly stayed in the record room, over checking the data they certainly for. Well, the brilliant one checked, while John just stood to watch near the door, checking the hallway through the small window every once and a while.
"Hey, you need to regain your strength," John made a point as he gestured to William's skinny, slim physique, but William seemed unimpressed, "Dinner?" John asked, jumping to the point.
The class was told to gather behind and take notes as Snape quickly made his own brew of Cure for Boils. "It's a must know for any teenage wizard," he droned. They were sent back to their tables to crush up snake fangs in mortar and pestle so they could prepare to brew their own potions.
"You were wagered seventy-five, John," Sherlock said, "I don't deserve any of it," He shoved the bag to John, who pushed it back gently.
"William, did you really expect me to not go to the recruiters?" John asked. William's expression changed for the worse as John hadn't called him by his actual name since before the holiday.
"Will it leave a scar?" He asked as he shifted his head to look up at John, tears in the corners of his eyes were still dripping down his face.
"Hey, you're Watson's old friend, yeah?" They asked, their hood up, looking oh so suspicious. William nodded cautiously as the boy reached into his rucksack.
"And, the vague description reminded you of that entire encyclopedia, did it?" Reese joked, clearly not believing Sherlock's facts.
"Why do we need...?" John started, then heard the front door slam shut. He swallowed. John heard voices from downstairs. Standing up, John waved Sherlock to tell window, which he silently told to open. John tip-toed to the door, slowly and carefully opening it to peek his face out. No sign of approach, which was good.
"So, you been sick lately?" Mike asked as John closed the charms book and now carried it under his arm.
"Hooper," Sherlock replied, slowly looking back to his book, "you don't have to be up here until noon," he said sharply, trying to figure out why she wasn't still in the dungeons where her house is. "Mary's already going to walk down to breakfast with John. I've got Victor, personally, so..."
Sherlock liked to think of that feeling when he was down on his luck. When he was looking for a fix. He knew that John wouldn't approve, however, Sherlock didn't have John anymore, so he couldn't reinforce that feeling and replace that high with the high he got when he stuck the needle in his arms.
It did Sherlock no help that John met him outside the Great Hall. In fact, he waited on the side for Sherlock. Oh, God, Sherlock thought, rolling his eyes as John began, "Sherlock, I think we need to talk," Sherlock was guided to a wall, away from the crowd. "Why're you saying that stuff to Mary?" He asked, placing his hands on his hips, "you told her she was ugly," he added.
"Yeah, lately, it's been hurting in the middle, but like, the sides, you know?" Irene said as she gestured to it.
"Ah, John Watson," John turned as he heard the familiar voice of Sherlock to have his breath almost taken from his lungs as the man's eyes made his heart jump with joy like when he was in college with William. John smiled, painfully at the memory of his old friend, and brought his free hand up to shake it with Sherlock's,
The following week wasn't as bad as it seemed it would be. Victor was actually acceptable company for Sherlock. He was smart and funny, patient and kind. Something only very few people has been towards Sherlock. It felt like Sherlock could trust Victor.
During the duration of John doing his work, William felt weird. John was there and working, but not with him. No interactions, no side-quips, not even a glance towards him. It was a bit infuriating, to be honest. William was used to John paying attention to what he did, every time they were in one another's presence.
"Mm, no. There'll be older kids from all houses coming. Every year, the older kids go and summon their patronuses as a kind of morale boost for the younger of the houses." Jim explained with an excited smile.
"Yes, there was. You may not think of it as important, but it's important for me. So, all I ask is for you to listen and genuinely consider what I have to say, please," John said, turning himself to face the curly-haired boy. Sherlock nodded. This was a completely different attitude than how John was yesterday. He must be serious about what he wanted to say. John nodded as well.
From the back of his mind, Sherlock knew he wasn't experiencing this moment. He was in the lake, moving his weakened legs, trying to resurface himself and it was starting to work until two other people tore into the water, kicking and grabbing. Sherlock tried to yell for help, but the silencing spell was still in effect. Instead, Sherlock only wasted his breath. dammit,  he thought.
The next thing John knew, he, Sherlock and the other boys was brought to Madam Pomfrey to warm up and settle the shock. Madam Pomfrey once again praised John for his abilities in first aid. John stayed humble and modest by nodding, looking to the ground.
William went to sleep that night satisfied. He felt like he didn't need to justify everything he did with an explanation.
"Uh, there was speculation in college, and I never went into them or thought them true, but hearing as you still think of Holmes often, there was a talk of you two being abnormally close..." Murray trailed off, however, John wasn't completely following his drift, "People thought that you two were," Murray leaned in further, "intimate with one another," He whispered lowly as to ensure nobody's eavesdropping.
"Hey, Sherlock," He heard from over at the couches. Sherlock turned his head to find Mary sitting there. She had books open and was apparently studying. "Um, can I ask you something?"
"How's school?" She asked. William's eyes looked a bit panicked at first as if he'd been found out or something.
"One, your hair. It's way too upkept for a rough flying-class, unprepared potions, demonstrative charms," Mary looked down at her feet, frustrated and embarrassed, "you, you're planning to expect it to come in handy in the morning," Sherlock narrowed his eyes. "Is that... make-up? At eleven or twelve years old? Hmmm, maybe you shouldn't sweat so profusely, or don't clog your pores with perfume and toxic lotion to try and lure John in," he shrugged, looking down to his book, "or don't bother trying," he finished with, raising his eyebrows. There were a few long moments before the two responded, but it wasn't less surprising. Mary let out a low whimper, gasping in a choked up breath of air before repeating.
"Quickly block him off by Lauriston Gardens!" Sherlock shouted and hung up. Sherlock knew he had the upper hand of knowing these streets like the back of his hand. He also knew that Lestrade wouldn't let him down. They've known each other from uni. Lestrade knows Sherlock and where he injects, so he often knows that when Sherlock refuses to shake his hand, it's because Sherlock's high.
"It could be three separate people who have working visas?" Harold quickly limped to the bundle of computers as John stayed in front of the board, staring at the number that, as promised, wasn't all numbers.
"In college, yeah." John said, furrowing his eyebrows, "Why?" Murray took a minute to prepare himself for the upcoming statement.
"I knew because you insisted on coming to meet me," Sherlock gave casually. John's eyebrows furrowed in slight confusion, "I'm a pure-breed, idiot," Sherlock said, "All of my family that was my family has always been in Slytherin and that's where I'm going to go when I get sorted, I know it...!" Sherlock smirked eagerly.
"I'm sorry, but I have to do my homework for a bit. I really hope you don't mind," John said apologetically as he opened up his books and began with his own class's work.
"Clara doesn't like me anymore," She said, scoffing bitterly as her shaky hands clung to the cup, needing the warmth to remind her of the coldness in the room.
"Well, if it's William you want, it's William you'll get," John said brashly, making William sigh and roll his eyes, "However, I think that Sherlock is much more your style."
He hadn't bothered to open his eyes. There was a shift, then John said with a hum, "21.30," Sherlock groaned again. He moved his arm to try and uncover himself as he said something about getting back to his house, however, as soon as his nerves sent the message of movement form his brain, Sherlock's arm practically shot with pain.
"Just take them off. I have to go to my dry cleaner's this Tuesday anyway. Mycroft can give them to you the next day." He said, not even looking up at John. He shrugged, thinking nothing of it, and undid his belt. His trousers fell to the floor to reveal his red pants as he stepped out of them. John picked them up and laid them flat over the back of the sofa. John then shrugged o his jacket.
"Good morning, Sherlock," Mary said above him. Sherlock didn't even look up. He only showed her to the left and pointed to the Hufflepuff and silently beckoned her forward.
He'd just let a man, his best friend's younger brother, fuck him on the kitchen counter and said best friend was puking in the bathroom, whilst his girlfriend of three years was in Jersey...! He was the worst man imaginable, he felt like shit. What made him feel worse was that... he felt like he wanted it again,
After class, Snape told Sherlock to stay but didn't take kindly to John keeping his presence near. "Don't you have a charms class to be heading to, Watson?" Snape snapped, trying to aggressively excuse the student. John smiled tiredly, unamused and very sarcastic,
Sherlock kept thinking about things hed say when and if he saw John again. He'd feel angry for letting him face Sebastian on his own. He'd be breathless out of shock. He'd laugh out of the irony. He'd probably start crying out of all of the things they'd left unsaid. Everything they'd left undone. They would be there, at that moment, together, just the two of them. In a world where the world wouldn't matter.
The next morning, Mycroft apologised to John whilst they were on lunch break. They both worked in the surgery, but Mycroft was security, not a doctor. He was too sheepish for all of the... contact,
Yes, he was in a relationship with Sherlock Holmes, the brilliant detective, but no one was to know of it, for the sake of John's extremely sensitive, insecure masculinity. Sherlock gave a grunt as John's breathing grew uneven, predicting a possible, minuscule anxiety attack in the nearest future.
"Well?" Sherlock snapped impatiently, "It's one thing for a Muggle-born to come waltzing into the Holmes' car, but it's an entirely different disrespect to waste my time with insolent gibberish," He said with a low growl in his voice. The boy's body language was claiming aggressiveness and his eyes were sharp and wild as if begging for someone to pick a verbal fight with him, but John was used to people shouting at him.
"I said, 'Hmm?' What is so important?" John said, slightly irritated at William's constant attempts at gaining his attention.
"Hey, I-I..." John chuckled, "believe me, with Harry, and dad, and -- I just, I get it, mate," Shaking his head, John let out another breathy chuckle as he took another timid bite of food.
Soon enough, but not soon enough, in John's opinion, Christmas holiday had begun and John was stuck at home... great! As John rest his head on the sill of the fogged up window, he couldn't help but once more, thinking about what Sherlock was doing. Was he going home for winter, or was his father still being a prick? John chuckled at the thought of Sherlock smiling proudly in Ravenclaw attire, whilst the other members cloak themselves in miserableness for the cheerful holiday. John's dad shouted for John to get his paper. John sighed, rolling his eyes, making his way to the door. John opened the front door, looking to the snow-covered ground, but heard a soft crunch and looked up.
"What kind of errand goes sideways?" John asked with a cautious smirk. Sherlock let a light smirk fall to his mouth, too,
Potions was first, which Victor walked Sherlock too. They hugged at the door. Strong yet gentle, that's how he'd describe it. Snape scoffed at the reappearance of Sherlock in his class, the class went fast and it was very boring.
"So, recently, I don't know if you're aware, there has been a magical force destroying the city," John started, opening the book. John hadn't even noticed that his friend froze. "And, how it was described, at first, I was baffled, but once I compared the video evidence to the pictures in the books, I think it 's safe to assume that this creature is magical, and I had to do a lot of digging for this, but it may be an Obscurus," John turned the book to reveal a few pieces of paper that he ripped from a book or two from the local wizard library aisle. John heard Sherlock take in a breath.
"One more night is one more morning for me in the laundry room, trying not to throw myself into the dryer whilst 'chatting' with Bill Murray again."
"Fantastic!" He suddenly heard and he looked around for the person he knew the voice belonged to. John, John, John!?  Sherlock was desperate for John to be there with him, anyone, in fact. He couldn't be alone, he just couldn't! He wouldn't survive alone. Sherlock then heard people clapping and cheering and he shouted for John, but it only came out as cries and sobs as he shivered. Sherlock curled up on the ground and woke up in the hospital wing. He had blankets bundled on him and he heard people talking and someone fell.
"That's what they're saying!" John shouted, laughing. "First, girls don't sexually abuse, William," John said, still coming down from his laughing fit to see that William's expression had changed.
"Oh, no. Sherlock will do," Sherlock said as he sat and brought himself closer to the edge of the table. He shook John's hand as he said his part. His name, his not-so-personal relationship to Mycroft. In fact, this wasn't exactly the first time John had been in his parents' house, however, he'd never heard the mention of a Sherlock in the family. "Ah, Geoff!" Sherlock chuckled, pointing to the man sitting next to Sherlock, who shook hands with the man as well, "Good to see brother dearest hasn't driven you off,"
"I wasn't insisting it, John, I was insinuating it. Get it straight," William said, scoffing as he pushed his shoulder against John's as he walked past him. "I thought you'd be smarter than that, doctor," He laughed as he turned his head to spit those venomous words.
Sherlock's in a bind...! Will Victor come to save him? Will Jim suddenly get a change of heart? Will Sherlock make it through?
William gathered John's clothes from his dorm and took them to the laundry room, to get them washed. As William was unbundling the laundry and tossing the articles into the school washer, some boy approached him.
"Oh, no, Bill," William said, French inhaling, as he did, "That was kind of a long day after a long night for us, so you'll have to forgive me. I was a bit agitated," He said, finally letting the smoke go from his breath.
"But, how did you...?" John trailed off as his eyes locked with the curly-haired boy for a moment before looking away, a desperate attempt to not get lost in those oceanic eyes, which were piercing through him as if John weren't even there.
After the lecture, John walked Irene to her next class, since he didn't have another until two hours after.
"And, you know what that looks like and how to spot a wizard, then?" John asked, finally looking back to the list.
"We've also brought your dinner to the common room, mate," he said. John knew it was an incentive for him to leave for the night and John was finishing up a tune on his Uke when someone else entered the room. John stood, his music halting to see professor Flitwick. John smiled.
"Did I...?" John asked, slowly reaching his hand as if he were to touch it, however, he had this sick feeling in his stomach and suddenly pulled away. "And yet you came back; why?" John asked as he looked down in shame.
"You know, Sherlock. I've been doing research. It turns out it's not that hard to get ahold of a simple record," He said, dropping the book to the bed, holding the one thing that always held Sherlock back, "Multiple charges of possession of drugs, drug paraphernalia, public indecency under the influences, and what's this? A charge upon multiple occurrences of sexual abuse as a minor?" Sebastian teased, smirking as he waved it in Sherlock's face, which wore a face of terror.
John shrugged, sorry to disappoint, "what do you think I'd be?" He asked, leaning forward with a grin. Sherlock narrowed his eyes, accepting the challenge that seemed to thrill him, by the look in his eyes. He hummed briefly as if thinking, still searching John for an answer.
"The computers? Oh, yeah. You can look up different educational articles on it, so we encourage the students to use them." She said, smiling as if she actually enjoyed the topic of conversation.
There were many new Gryffindors this year, but not as much as there were Hufflepuffs. In the midst of all the sorting, McGonagall called for, "William Sherlock Holmes," and Sherlock's curly head walked pridefully down to the stool. He gave a knowing smirk to John, and the Slytherin table, then to McGonagall. She lowered the hat to his curls.
"Pleasure's all mine," as he slowly lifted a hand to his cheek, whilst allowing the dopiest grin to spread like butter on his face and a deep blush to creep up to his ears.
"Sherlock, come in," The old woman cooed gesturing to both Sherlock and John, welcoming the men to the block of flats soon to be called home.
"How much do we have in the room?" John asked, looking at Willam, who was already calculating in his head,
"S-so, then do you got a boyfriend...?" John asked, but seeing that William gave him a weird look, John added, "Which is fine, by the way,"
"Whatever, if he wants to fit in with the right crowd, he'll keep his mouth shut." The tougher one, nearest to William said, grabbing William up by his shirt and lifting his fist to wind back properly. John had no idea why, but he was frozen. He couldn't help but sit back and stare. John heavily flinched once the tough one's fist came down to connect with William's face. He flinched again, and again, and again. John could totally take these guys in a fight, so why didn't he? Why didn't John protect this boy, who was obviously helpless to the involuntary beatings he allowed himself to take like it were an evening cuppa. After the one-sided fight was finished with, John helped William to stand.
"And, you'll be changing your project, so anything you hand me of your old one will be voided!" He shouted, making William laugh sarcastically.
"We were in college together," Sherlock said, with a smile on his face that Mike hadn't seen on that face since... Well, never! Mike's eyes popped open in realisation. "John's my best friend! Or, he was. Now, I don't know where he lies," Sherlock said, his fantasising smile faded and dropped to the grieving one that usually inhabited the face Mike usually saw.
"Holmes," Snape droned in a low voice, "let's see if you're even smart enough to be in Ravenclaw," he said menacingly, looking over him, though he didn't show he was still very raw over what happened. Sherlock sat down in the rows and opened his book, dipping his quill in the ink bottle, preparing himself for whatever was to come.
John poked his wand out, too. "Finite incantatem," he whispered. With crashes sounding downstairs and his father shouting, John slammed and locked his door, turning to urge Sherlock to jump. Sherlock shook his head and John sighed, still looking panicked. Finally, John ran and basically dove from the side of the house. Sherlock quickly looked out, seeing that John laned in a short tree. John held out his arms to Sherlock, urging him further. There was a crash at the door and Sherlock jumped ad he heard John's dad shout for his son.
"What, no. Sebastian thinks of you as his younger brother, John. He cares a great deal about you. Why do you think he tries to keep me from you?" William asked, chuckling, "He thinks I'm dangerous," William said with a devious smirk as he turned to continue walking. John could have sworn he saw a wink in William's eyes, but as William said, he was high as a kite.
"There is nothing like this in the records, so we're honestly unsure of what to do at this point s the kid is emotional and unpredictable." They said. down the hall stood John's old roommate, Sebastian Moran, holding the assaulting weapon, facing off with a frozen William, who lightly shook his head in something akin to fear and knowingness as if he knew who Sebastian was after.
"W-what do you mean, 'he left'?" Sherlock asked, his voice nothing more than a choked whisper, but he didn't exactly let the knock tell him as he turned and quickly limped to the base of the Gryffindor staircase. Sherlock reached the bottom and banged on the door. He was frantic. As soon as someone cracked the door open to answer, Sherlock burst in, defying all verbal attempts to kick him out.
"Hey, shitty's my bread and butter, mate," John's ears went red with bashfulness as he quipped comedically. He ducked his head.
"Oh, what a wonderful feeling, to be needed," Lionel chuckled as he worked his phone into his other hand, "What'd you need, wonder-boy?" He asked, still playing the sarcasm game, though since the first time they've met and the first time John had threatened Lionel with murder charges, the relationship had become less edgy, John assumed by the jokes and the teenager-Esque way he'd address John.
"Don't question me, William," Sherlock winced a bit as the clock tower boomed its bell and rang it through the entire castle. Potions class had officially ended. "Well? Get out of here, William," she scoffed and grabbed on to her children's shoulders. "Don't come home for Christmas holiday, William," and she was gone.
In John's room, he sighed as he brushed his bedsheets off and knelt next to it, reaching under to grab at the bottom of the box spring to pull out two magazines. The cover had women in bikini tops. Sherlock picked one up and opened it, then quickly closed it and placed it back on the bed, hoping that John hadn't noticed, which he did with a chuckle, further embarrassing his friend. John leaned back and held up his wand, "Revelio," he said, deepening his voice a bit, without even noticing. The magazines turned into their original form, which was a pair of Magical creatures books. Sherlock took in a sharp breath.
Sherlock entered his common room and unwrapped his scarf from his neck. He wasn't sure exactly why, but it felt wrong to wear it in Ravenclaw.
"Fantastic!" He chuckled gratefully. John moved over some and tilted Sherlock's head back. He pulled the boy's chin down and pinched his nose. John leaned down to connect their mouths to force air into his lungs twice, then he went back to compressions. "1/1,000, 2/1,000, 3/1,000..." He counted under his breath again. John heard some people gather around and murmur as he worked. He did the breaths again, and compressions. And, breaths, and compressions...
"Well, Greg's swamped with a case, so he can't come, but I totally need a friend," He said. John chuckled as if to ask what he'd be getting himself into, "I offered a dinner to Sherlock to try and make amends, but it'll be extremely awkward if it's just us and we'll end up at each other's throats...!" John groaned, then sighed, relenting to the short-notice plans. "C'mon, John! It'll be fun, mate...!"
"Mrs Hudson!" He called, banging on the floor of the flat. The man entered the room, bewildered and alert as he brought the woman behind him by her arm in a protective stance. When Sherlock finally stood, he coughed some more and brushed off his jumper and trousers of the soot and dust to no avail and was met with the end of a knife. The boy cocked an eyebrow at the man and laughed. "Cunfundus," He muttered with a blow of air for dramatic effect, which magically pushed the man not too far away from Sherlock, who ruffled his hair and headed out with an indecent pep to his step. "Popping out, don't wait up," He waved goodbye and shut the door behind him.
William quickly grabbed his mobile and went to the library. He went to the computers and looked up a lot of information on telescopes and star constellations. He was doing a lot. A lot more than John would've liked, but he steered the project in a wrong direction, so William was willing to put in all of the effort to get this good grade.
"What you get for puking on my lap," John bitterly muttered as he gave a chuckle. John left the door ajar and went to the kitchen, where Sherlock was making coffee.
Mary hummed as she flipped through her own note pages half-heartedly. "But, this is all that he covered in class,"
They entered the Great Hall and Sherlock had been invited to sit with Victor at his table, but Sherlock didn't want to, so he ate alone.
"I'm counting on it," John smiled, "now!" He shouted and Sherlock kicked himself off of the siding of the house, which slipped. Sherlock yelped and John groaned, jumping up to intercept the boy's fall.
"I have, and he's still a smartarse...!" John quickly said. Sherlock let out a sarcastically offended gasp as he did his best to support all of his weight on his right crutch as he lifted the left to swing it at John, lightly hitting it against his leg. John grunted, then laughed. He helped Sherlock enter the room and sit in his usual seat. Professor Flitwick's face lit up with excitement.
"Yeah, his first week of  Baskerville College; he shags some third year in another girl's dorm!" Murray said and began laughing. John joined in, only because he didn't want Mike to snap on Murray because he wasn't.
"Morning, Myc," John quietly greeted, "Hey, it's almost time for work; are you coming, or... What should I tell them?" He asked, checking his watch again. He cleared his voice softly.
"What- I-uh, that's not true!" John objected angrily. Sherlock stood quickly, closing his book quickly.
John heard the door open and he quickly scrubbed his face again, sniffling as he shut the water off and grabbed a towel to cover himself with. He went back into the dorm and got dressed quickly. As he descended the stairs calmly, he saw that the perfect was still there. John opened his satchel and took out his timetable.
"No," William said, walking over to the side of the elevated bleacher to hold his arms out, "You're just high," John laughed as he leaned towards William, letting the taller boy guide him to the ground. As they stumbled towards the dorm buildings, they shared jokes that became inside only to them, they laughed, and they chilled, saying nothing for a while.
"Please, Mr Watson, he's one of my students; I need to know what happened to him," Flitwick said, looking over at John, who sighed and sat down.
"Hey, I'm gonna do it," John said, attempting to French inhale and failing. William let out a laugh and slapped his knee.
"Don't be, John; your quick thinking is probably why he's still alive right now," Jacob reassured, lacing a firm hand on John's shoulder. He faltered for something else to say, "I'm sorry about your past, John," he said with a light sigh. "but, then again, it's what made you the brave, smart boy you are now, however shitty that may sound," Jacob complimented with a chuckle,
"Get ready, guys," John said. John saw some movements, he saw the guns sticking up from the top of their trenches moving, too. John held up his gun, barrel pointed to the enemy, and he took aim, as he ran. John was surprised to realise that for one of the first times since he's been on the battlefield, his hands became steady, unlike when he was in JROTC in college, nor when he was in boot camp, doing different drills and rundowns of scenarios.
"If you wanted to be an actor," Sherlock said, placing a hand on Victor's hand, "then, by God, my pirate arse will make you an actor...!" They laughed some more until they were shushed, where Sherlock uncharacteristically mocked the irritated kid, making Victor laugh more.
"Y-you're Jossy?" John quietly gasped, and suddenly he felt stupid. The girl turned around, eyebrows furrowed in slight confusion. Still, she gave a smile.
John tiredly got dressed uncomfortably, having gotten used to the rowdiness of Gryffindor children had him wishing he had a justified headache in lieu of the one he'd allowed in for no reason. John had actually considered casting the slug jinx on himself to get out of today, but he secretly knew that his mum would force him to the hospital, despite them being out of insurance. Then, they'd ask about the bruises,
As they began eating and talking more, Sherlock got onto the topic of going up to the lake house for the weekend to go dirt-bike riding, which caused the table to go eerily silent. "I thought we've agreed on it, Sherl," Their father said, trying to keep himself together, "we don't want you there without anyone else from the family," John and Greg looked at each other and made a silent agreement to not do or say anything, so they just sat quietly as it unfolded,
John only took thirty Galleons, ten Sickles. He slid the bag back to Sherlock, who took a sideways glance.
John kneeled between William's knees and guided William's uninjured hand to his shoulder, and John held the boy's arm with a steady hand.
John had brought down the chair with some minor trouble. Sherlock wished he could help John, but unfortunately, that wasn't going to happen. Sherlock's arms were growing tired and weak, like noodles, wobbling as he used them to support his entire weight for the first time ever, and they weren't used to being used, either.
"I believe you, John," Murray said with a convinced smile, "I just thought you should know, is all,"
"Hmm, that shouldn't be a problem with me. I mean, as long as-" John was going to remark, however, William cut his words off with his own,
John and Irene were getting very intimate very quickly, but his mind switched off a lot during the intercourse. Something was turning John off about this. John had no idea what, though. Irene had the perfect body for him. Beautiful breasts, widened hips, perfect curves. It was all wonderful, and it was all for John. However, something was wrong. John was still getting pleasure from the situation, and he still climaxed, no doubt about it, but he just didn't feel like there was a connection for some reason. John still liked her, it was just...
"Shit, William is going to be upset!" John muttered, knocking himself in the forehead with the palm of his hand.
"Why are you wearing a tie today?" John asked, finally finishing up as he looked up at William as he tightened the tie around William's neck. John reached his hands around William's neck to grab the back of his upright collar. John pulled it down, only glancing at William's collar so he could keep his eyes glued to William's. Once John was done, he let his hands slowly fall to William's chest, where they stayed until they were interrupted.
Stepping off of the platform at 08.23, twisting my body to wave at my mother for the last time as she stood there, teary-eyed, smiling as she waved back. I turned back around to climb the shallow steps and walk down the middle aisle of the train car. I found my seat and claimed the overhead compartment to it. I sat down and looked out the window. The train's horn blew, warning the unboarded passengers that the train would depart soon.
"Yes, John Watson. That's me," John responded tiredly, struggling to lift his arm to acknowledge that he's been summoned.
Sherlock woke up in a cold sweat, springing up from the bed. His curls were matted to his head in the perspiration dripping from him like a shower. Sherlock pushed them from his eyes to no avail as they only swung heavily back down with gravity. He couldn't even remember what his dream was about, but it must've been bad if he woke up like that. Sherlock looked outside to see that the sun hadn't even risen yet. He sighed heavily and slowly eased himself from his bed.
Willliam opened the door to see his brother, Mycroft, standing there. "What took you so long?" Mycroft asked. He glanced back into the room before William had closed the door to see John standing there, hope fading from his eyes as he'd waved his friend goodbye, yet the boy didn't return it. "Why does that boy think you hate him?" He asked, scoffing at his younger brother.
"What? I'm right on par with them," Mary quickly argued, looking down at the books. Sherlock looked up at her with annoyance hinted in his scowl.
"he?" She asked, obviously surprised, quickly leaning away from the boy, practically slamming herself to the back of her chair. William realised what he'd said and his eyes widened.
The next morning, John had to struggle to get out of bed. His hips hurt so bad from last night and he had a slight headache from the alcohol. John looked in the mirror and checked his neck. It was hardly noticeable now. John sighed, feeling kind of relieved, but he'd still have to go to work and if Mycroft went and saw John's neck, he'd know that something was up. John held another ice cube or two to it as he got ready for the day slowly. John checked his watch and figured he'd give Mycroft a ring and check up on him.
"C'mon, John, let us go," Sherlock said, rolling himself near the door. "John, can you open the door for me?" Sherlock asked. John stood and had a brief talk to Madam Pomfrey, who advised John to let him have his way for now. John walked up behind Sherlock's chair and hooked something to the handles. Pomfrey opened the door and let them exit with a smile.
"Oh, my God! John, thank God! Thank you! I don't know what I would've done if something actually happened!" Victor cried out with a relieved chuckle.
They began to talk about pointless things such as Sherlock's record expungements and others. "And, you are required to attend a three-month rehabilitation programme," The officer said. "What!?" Sherlock shouted,
"Holmes," the girl with a brown ponytail said, doing her best not to look at him, whilst he looked, examined, her.
"Excuses are the nails, sir," Sherlock sneered and stormed off it the halls without staying to hear that Snape had taken fifteen points from Ravenclaw, but only five from his own house, despite the source of the entire problem being an arrogant first-year,
John made it halfway down the hall before the door was opened and Greg was making his angered way up the spiral staircase. John briefly twisted himself around to look at the livid student as he made for the stairs. John was on the base of the stairs.
After Mike left, John thought for a while. Grabbing his coat and leaving the house, John was off to Diagon Alley, hoping that he could get some amount of information with the little Galleons. Arriving to the alleyway, John received several strange looks from passing witches and wizards. John walked into a Magical creatures shoppe and was utterly amazed by the vast array of creatures that he's never known about.
"I didn't know, so don't bother with that impossibly predictable question." He dismissed, and he rolled his eyes as John opened his mouth, unable to speak as he was expecting death.
It was a dreadful few days of that before he was forced to go back. "I hate it, here!" John shouted to the guidance counsellor. "Nobody understands!! I don't belong here!" He yelled frustratedly.
"So," Sherlock started, "you don't even remember me?" Sherlock felt his heart drop as if he would be sick like his heart had broken in half and was now aching for the medical attention he knew John could've provided. Well, he thought John would provide, at least.
"No, uh," John paused, taking a moment to correctly say what he wanted to. "I'm not allowed to go to that museum tomorrow, or anytime in the next two weeks," John muttered, scratching the back of his head.
"Watson," Madam Hooch said, trying to pull John from Sherlock, but John struggled against her, still doing the compressions to the best of his ability.
They stood up and William hugged John again, properly, this time. William was going to take the chance. He would probably never see John again after he left, so it wasn't that much of a loss. William was going to kiss John Watson.
Once he found a considerable amount of people to join their crusade-like idea, John headed towards the meet-up spot, where he found Mike with some other guys.
"Hey, there, kiddo," Hagrid said, seeing John as he himself was about to sit in his own boat. He was huge. John looked up at him, "c'mon. We can share a boat," he said. His voice was low and rough, but it seemed as though his intentions were pure, which he was sure was true. John looked back to Jacob, who was already walking away.
"Friend?" He laughed, "Who in this entire country would want to be your friend?" The boy took a fistful of William's hair, "I don't want to see you back here, pervert puff!" The boy growled dangerously as he glared at William. Even though William didn't mentally feel scared, he felt his hands tremoring as his body unconsciously nodded. William stood up and looked back at John as he left the room. Of course, John didn't notice. William let him be.
John placed his hands gently on Irene's skin and began to press down more, into her muscles, yet still gentle, in a methodical and slow, circular motion. As soon as this connection was made, John heard a moan from Irene's mouth.
"John, you're an idiot," William said calming from his fit, "You don't take a bigger hit, you just have to control how much you release."
"It's Doctor, and this is calm," John grumbled, regaining his posture and clearing his throat, only to earn a look of sarcasm from the figure.
"John!" He was pulled from his daze as he heard a raw scream over the background noise. "What happened, mate?!" The scream sounded half-concerned with John and more concerned with the body in front of him. John looked up and reached into his bag to pull out a syringe.
"That's just how he is sometimes," He assured as looked down to their feet. They were walking pretty close... John looked up to see that they were already at the Great Hall. John silently sucked his teeth at the minor disappointment.
"That is enough!" Mr Dumbledore called from his seat, where he rose from. Everyone stopped and looked at him. "He's just a boy, your family, Mycroft," he said, "I cannot sit idly by as you threaten him like that. And, for what, being a Ravenclaw?" He asked. "I'm going to have to remove your title as Perfect of Slytherin, Mycroft Holmes," the Slytherin table gasped and groaned as he also took ten points from Slytherin.
"Billy, stop taking my trombone mouthpiece!" A third-year girl groaned angrily at a boy with wild hair, freckles, and a playful smile that had dropped when she snatched the mouthpiece from him. "This isn't a funnel to use for your bloody potions, mate!" She said with a warning in her voice as she got very close to him.
"Oh, no. It's fine considering what you're still dealing with, mate," Sherlock played at the same game, making his flatmate look at him, stern with his own warning, but it wasn't worry in his eyes but that of frustration and a lot of it, "how long ago was it? 2003? Pity," Sherlock smirked.
They waited there and Sherlock couldn't take the silence anymore. "Um, may I share some insight?" He asked, causing the officer to raise an eyebrow, "The Carl Powers' case, considered cold four years ago," Sherlock started.
"Well, that's what friends do, They smile at their friends," John said, chuckling as he furrowed his eyebrows.
There the three smoked, and Bill began to question the content of the fag tube, "Hey, guys," Bill said, "I'm feeling a bit dizzy; is this normal?" He asked, blinking.
"Victor," they shook hands and it felt kind of awkward; Sherlock didn't know why, but it just was...! "I'm Sherlock's new... caretaker for the time being," Victor said. John looked at Sherlock, then back up at Victor. Nevertheless, he couldn't refuse it, so he just smiled and nodded, giving his good nights to both of the boys as he ran to catch up with another Gryffindor, who shouted his name as if they were best friends. They raced down the stairs to their house with laughter filling the hall.
"Hello," Sherlock started when it was finally his turn to speak, "I'm Sherlock, but don't all greet me in unison, 'cause it's proper creepy," He said, and some laughed and some, greeted with different words which satisfied Sherlock. "I'm a heroin user," Sherlock said, "A frequent heroin user, so they shipped me to this shit-hole for three months until my brother can expunge my record." Sherlock finished.
The kids in Gryffindor stood and applauded loudly as John jumped off the stool with a smug smirk directed at Sherlock as if to say, You were wrong; pay up,
"I'll get the softest one," He assured with a quick nod, glancing down at Sherlock as the convulsions started up once more. Jacob slowly walked up to John, looking down at the boy, who wretched up slugs. John bent down to throw them away from the jacket.
Sherlock's stomach ached! What had he eaten yesterday? He furrowed his eyebrows and groaned. He heard someone softly hush him in a low lull. He felt the prick of a syringe tip in his arm and his eyes snapped open. "Ow!" He shouted, ripping his arm from the person jabbing him with a bloody needle! He slowly sat up and opened his eyes to see a foggy view of Madam Pomfrey, who seemed surprised that he was awake.
"He's basically the British Government, but you didn't hear it from me," William said with a sly smile, as he quickly took a chip from John's tray, popped it into his mouth, and placed a finger to his mouth to jokingly tell John to keep quiet.
"I'd always been a bit different; people made fun of me, picked on me, and I had to hide from the girls from my school, but they always found me," William said as he absentmindedly brushed his hand through John's hair.
"Oh, no! Well, I guess I should totally stop my entire day's plans to go turn myself in for possession," William said sarcastically as he blew out the smoke into John's face.
"Hello," A voice said behind John. He had a black robe on with hints of red and orange, John saw as he quickly turned around. "You're a first year, aren't you?" The boy asked. John nodded, gulping down a ball of anxiety as the older boy chuckled. He introduced himself warmly as Jacob, a perfect in Gryffindor.
"Sherlock," John said, noticing that the boy hadn't moved since he opened the file. John stood up and carefully walked over to the boy. "Hey," John said, placing a hand on his friend's shoulder. Sherlock was pale. His eyes, which were glued to the paper, began watering. John decided that was enough of that. He gently pulled the file from the boy's hands and closed it.
"I-uh-was thinking of home is all, Sir." came the rushed and over-anxious answer spilt from John's mouth.
"But, as I sat down, just, now, I'm getting the distinct but very familiar smell of Cigarette smoke on your jacket, but not too potent for you to smoke."
"What!? No! That was never the case, Bill! You have got to believe me; I swear it!" John sputtered out, flustered at the thought of the two of them being in the slightest bit intimate between them.
"M-mr Holmes," John stuttered as his name reminded John of William. John had thought about if they were the same person or not, but John honestly didn't want that to be so, because he may just cry, and this man doesn't deserve to see that mess.
Yeah, his family might have disowned him, but Sherlock knew Jim would always be there for him, thick and thin, like he always had. Sherlock smiled to himself and after dinner, he caught John in the hallways to invite him.
Sherlock had heard many different people entering and leaving the room and running up and down the stairs. Sherlock sighed, lying down for a while.
John had excused himself after they've exchanged pleasantries and wandered around, hopelessly in search of the mess hall. John had gotten lost quicker than expected. John found someone to ask for help from, however as the young lady was answering, John heard a scuffle behind him. John excused himself to go investigate. Around the corner was a group of students, not that massive, but not leaving any room, either, closing in on a student with pale skin and midnight mood, curly hair. It took John but a moment to register, and the only possibility that didn't seem as ludicrous as before was,
"Shit..!" John shouted, facepalming. John had no idea if Sherlock was clean of STD's. He was a bloody drug addict, for Christ's sake; he could've taken a bad needle or slept with a bloody butter-face...! "Oh, God!" He repeated. John decided on wiping up the countertop with a paper towel, putting on his filthy trousers, and escaping, locking the door on the way out. Sherlock was gone in Mycroft's car. John sighed in relief. He would loathe to see him again so soon after... whatever the hell that was!
He sighed as he walked into potions class with the professor, who just so happened to be the head of Slytherin house, where he was supposed to go...!
A sudden knock on the door sounded, causing John to instinctively give Sherlock's previously unrelenting chest a powerful shove, sending him from the small room, slamming and locking the door.
After the librarian went over everything with John about how to use it and how it works, John scrambled back to grab the books he had on the table and walked back to the computer, where he brushed his fingers against the keys of the keyboard. John slowly typed, 'Astronomy articles,' and searched the internet for a response that he could refer to when he's writing his paper. He listed different articles on a painting which was painted in the sixteen-forties, however, many speculated it was a fake.
"Very well," She said, seemingly satisfied with John's apology, "however, I'm assigning you a tutor," she said. John looked up at her, unsure of how to react. His frontal association area hadn't yet fully processed how to feel when Professor McGonagall called a name and the door gently opened. A blonde Ravenclaw girl stood there, looking at the ground with a timid feel to her.
Sherlock stared at the riding crop for a minute or so, thinking about how wonderful it was to see John, but then he realised: 'I'd just winked at John Watson!?' He thought in panic. He quickly brought the riding crop to his side, causing it to make a whip sound as it cut through the air.
Once John clicked on a link for a news article, his heart wrenched with grief and loss for the boy that he called his friend.
The distant alarm of Fang barking became increasingly closer and harsher as if he'd smelled the others, too. John's horrified eyes stuck to the sight of what they were doing to Sherlock, that poor boy!!
Sherlock looked at John again, who looked through his short blonde locks to lock eyes with Sherlock. "Boy, what's taking so long?!" A voice thundered from across the street. John sighed as the loud man's shouting continued. "Hey, get back over here, John!" The man sounded panicked. John closed his eyes tightly, sighing again,
Sherlock sighed as he sold reaching up to put his Galleons back. He pulled down a smaller trunk where he had his solid black robe. John stood and did the same, replacing his robe with the Uke he'd been using to alleviate boredom. John had noticed that Sherlock hummed the song that John played as they threw their robes on.
"Uh, Sherlock," John said, confused, "Where are you going?" John slowed to a stop at the base of the stairs, which had begun to shift. Sherlock looked back as he heard John's bag thump. John had taken the leap, Sherlock's eyes widened at the sight, jumping from the still stone at the bottom, connecting the cases to their grounds, to the steps Sherlock stood on. John quickly gripped at the thick railing, letting his young muscles strain to help him steadily stand.
"So sorry, sir," John panted quickly as he hurried into the room, "an unexpected explosion happened in positions and I helped clean things up," John sat down on the opposite side of the room, facing Sherlock. Flitwick frowned.
"John really cares for you, Sherlock," She said, somehow making things worse and better, at the same time! Sherlock forced a scoff as he collected his things back into his bag not quick enough...!
"Hey," John said, snapping William out of his gaze, "I'll survive; I promise," John said, reaching his hand up to clear William's tears. William stayed quiet. He'd let his head give to one side, leaning himself into his friend's loving touch, closing his eyes as he was in a comforting state of mind.
"Mrs Hudson," he once again called as he raced down the steps. His legs, the damn noodles, gave out once or twice, making Sherlock a little extra thankful for the railings he used to complain and wail about. "Mrs Hudson!" He shouted again, turning and ignoring the dow connected to the wall in lieu for the one at the very end of the hall, which opened to reveal an old woman, reddish hair done up with flowers today, "Oh, I like," Sherlock cooed in a fashionista's attitude as the landlady smiled at the sight of the boy.
"There are only two rooms; It seems Dr Watson and DI Lestrade are closer than we thought, of course, it is a double-bed room," Finch sounded slightly surprised.
"Nothing on Dr Watson's blog suggests that anyone knew of their trip," Harold said. He was skimming through the few cases that the doctor had posted on his blog site. Some of them included a link to another webpage where it showcased the DI's cases being solved, but "It seems as though Dr Watson posts these cases about Mr Holmes doing the brain work only but five days after DI of Scotland Yard had claimed credit for them."
"You look fabulous, Sherl," he said, laying a theatrical hand on his chest as he tilted his head up. They laughed. Jim's eyes brightened. "Hey, a bunch of us are gonna sneak out to the Forbidden Forest tonight," he leaned in to whisper, "You wanna come with?" Sherlock furrowed his eyebrows at the offer.
"And, I know that all you want to do is shut people out and try to fix it, fix yourself, but I feel like what needs to be said right now is that you're absolutely not alone. A lot of people are going through or have gone through similar situations. And, it's okay," John said softly. Sherlock looked down. "I don't want to make this speech about me, but hell, when I got my letter, it was an absolute uproar at home, more than it usually is," John chuckled nervously.
"John," William said, sounding weak and feeble and his face was pale and cold like he was about to pass out or something.
Sherlock scoffed and began texting as John opened the bathroom door, letting another cloud of condensation out of the room with him. The smell of John hit him almost instantly and he thought about how he wouldn't be able to sleep in the same room as him all throughout his case. God, he'd better solve it soon...!
After researching for an hour and a half, It was time for John to get ready for Raider's hell-week. William looked up at his partner as he stood and stretched.
All three were pushed from the hospital wing's patient room. "Hey," Jacob said softly, "let's get you back, yeah?" He asked, gently guiding a mindless John back to the towers so they could try to get some time to sleep.
"I'd rather not ride the tube with ripped pants only, ta," John quipped. He sighed as he put his head in his hand again. Sherlock laughed. "Sherlock," John said, "Listen to me, don't tell Mycroft. Don't tell anyone, got it? We'll take this to our graves, alright? Th-this never happened,"
"Just because he thought I've done something to influence his friend getting expelled, does not mean that I was the reason he snapped, got it!?" He shouted, startling Sebastian into a shocked silence. "Never again should I ever catch you trespassing in my room or you will be sorry," Sherlock demanded, asserting his territory to Sebastian, who nodded while averting eye contact. 'Did I truly scare him?' Sherlock thought as Sebastian got up, shoved the papers in Sherlock's chest, and scuttled off into the hallway, muttering,
"Mr Holmes, I'm glad to see you're okay," he said with a genuine smile. Sherlock wavered again and looked down to his legs.
"Well, there's Tesco," John thought aloud, "aaaand, up ahead is the twin petrol stations," he nodded toward the opposing petrol stations, only a street separating them, often participating in unofficial prank wars for fun publicity which usually works for them. Sherlock and John turned right on an intersection. "Mmm, nope," John popped, "no idea," he only lightly chuckled.
"Shut up," he settled with instead. "There, I helped you; are we done, here?" Sherlock asked, annoyed suddenly by her snarky presence. Mary chuckled even still. But, then, she got quiet and looked at Sherlock with sincerity in her eyes.
"There's been a massive destructive force that's been dangerously interfering with the Muggle world, killing people, destroying buildings, that sort of thing,"  Harry explained, making Reese sigh,
"John," He heard William's voice, and saw him running to him, his cheeks flushed from the excessive energy and he was out of breath.
They walked and Jacob told the other perfects where he was going so he wouldn't be discounted for. It was infinitely quieter away from the crowd and Jacob stopped and gave a gentle elbow to John's side, telling him to pay attention.
"Why, certainly. What's the occasion?" John asked, smiling as he picked the disguised illicit drug from the fag case.
"Oh, my God; what a freak...!" They lowly laughed, making John angry. John couldn't focus on transfiguration and accidentally turned a bird into a spoon instead of a quill. Professor McGonagall scowled at him from the front of the classroom because it wasn't the first time he'd messed up recently. After class, Professor McGonagall asked John to stay for a bit.
"John," William muttered, going unnoticed by the blonde boy, who was still fighting in an argument that wasn't happening anymore. "I mean, this is what I wanted since I was a kid, so I'm sorry if I don't just drop everything when you come calling for me, William!" John yelled.
"Yes, if given their genetics records," Sherlock muttered, adding another three, then standing to stretch.
"Something did happen, Victor," John groaned, shrugging the Hufflepuff off of him, "Just because you weren't there, doesn't mean it didn't happen," He said kind of harshly, making Sherlock look at him weirdly. John gestured to his letters, "Uh, your parents sent me a letter,"
"This Gryffindor threatened me, sir," the girl said, completely dropping her aggressive facial expression, to quickly replace it with one of a scared and helpless personality.
As the pair of students entered the Mess Hall, William was keeping his distance from John. John received his dinner and looked around for any sign of Irene. William sat at an empty table in the back, John couldn't find Irene, so he sat down with him.
"A friend of mine," John said, "told me there was an event tonight, very secretive; he was hush-hush about it,"
The drive back was awkwardly silent. He only but began to read up on a charms textbook he'd checked out from the library. Mumbling the incantations to practise without his wand, John's father glared at him through the rearview mirror. "Won't be needing that, son," he said with a scoff, "you're going to school in London," John looked up,
"Holmes, you've been summoned to the Hospital wing," Snape said as he waved the note which was sent. Sherlock gathered his things and stood. John grabbed Sherlock's arm to stop him momentarily.
"If you want to open, push, close, carry, open, push, close, carry, a wheelchair all the way up to charms class, please be my guest," He sassed, his eyes narrowing at the professor, who was bound to take points from his house, but John couldn't be arsed to care at this moment because, "otherwise I stay with him," He said in almost a possessive growl. And to think, this boy was only a first-year!
