“That’s it!” Dean was up and racing down the hall before the chair clattered to the floor behind him. He nearly careened into the door as he pivoted inside. His need for orderliness was momentarily thrown to the winds as he scattered clothing around. He knew it was here. He’d shrugged it off before going to face Chuck, too emotionally and mentally exhausted to do much else. He was starting to panic when he caught sight of the familiar green material draped haphazardly on the chair next to his bed. The hunter’s triumphant cry could be heard throughout the bunker.
The hunter and his Angel made their way towards the middle of the bunker, their progress hampered by the fact that they both kept stopping to pull the other into a kiss every few steps. Dean couldn’t help himself. Cas looked so damn good in those low-slung sweats it should be illegal. They were giggling like teenagers, nudging each other with their shoulders and glancing coyly at one another as they stepped into the kitchen. It was empty, but the lingering smell of food told Dean that his brother at least, was awake. Probably went for a run at the ass crack of dawn, the health freak. Dean busied himself with preparing breakfast when he felt Castiel press against his back. The Angel wound his arms around his waist and rested his chin on the hunter’s shoulder.
“Not much, unfortunately. Even the Men of Letters only have rumors about the Empty. They knew Angels and Demons were a thing obviously, but I don’t know that they much cared about what happened to monsters after they died.” He was eyeing his brother carefully trying to gauge his mood. That pitying look was back on his face.
The confusion was more pronounced the first time Castiel felt something. Something unpleasant that he couldn’t decipher in the pit of his stomach as he saw Dean and Anna kiss. Jealousy. The Angel was beginning to consider disobedience even then. That possessive jealousy was given a name that night outside a brothel in Maine when he felt the Angel want him for the first time.
The petite redhead entered the sigil with him and slowly placed a hand on his chest. Dean knew she could feel the staccato of his heart. She tried to smile reassuringly, “Relax. This will all be over soon.”
Faster and faster the memories swirled as they displayed what Cas endured to keep Dean safe. The torture at the hands of his fellow Angels time and time again. Being lobotomized every time he rebelled or began to think for himself. The fake trials with Metatron, his multiple deaths. All of that just to see himself brutally beat Castiel while under control of the Mark and tell him that nobody cared that he was broken.
“So get this. ” Sam let his brother’s eager hands snatch the paper. “It’s a surprisingly simple spell. We have most of the stuff too. Holy oil, myrrh, frankincense, the bone of a saint - thankfully we have one left - and fire. The only thing we don’t have -”
When they turned to face Jack, he was gone, leaving the boys to their own devices. Dean hoped Jack had disappeared during the arguing and before he became an emotional mess. “Swell time to choose to be hands off” Dean muttered. Without Jack this was going to be a lot more difficult.
“I’ve got a plan. Rescue Cas and don’t die.” Dean nodded decisively and started towards the opening again. Sam’s hand tightened around his forearm in warning, but Dean jerked it free. “I’m going to go get Cas and you guys are going to stay put until we get back.”
Castiel is arching his back, intent on fucking himself if Dean doesn’t hurry up. “And I’m immune to human diseases, now move.”
Castiel’s shoulders were indeed shaking, but the laughter that threatened to break free was born of sheer bliss. The triumphant joy of knowing that his love was returned. Dean loved him back. His whole face scrunched up as he fought to control his wild grin. A trembling had reached out to cup the hunter’s face. Castiel gently stroked a thumb along a stubbled cheek, warmth blossoming in his chest as he felt the other man lean into his touch.
Dean growled in frustration. He had to stand firm. “Cas, no. We have to go. We’re running out of time!”
Driving had always helped to soothe Dean’s nerves. Something about the empty road and the rumble of the engine calmed him. Normally he would have tunes blasting from the speakers to help block out his own thoughts. But he couldn’t that night, because Sam was on the phone. They were in the Impala racing back to the Bunker and Dean had never wanted to hug and punch his brother in the face simultaneously more than in that moment. Sam was absolutely giddy about the confession and had dubbed Cas’ rescue from the Empty as “Operation True Love”. Dean appreciated his brother’s enthusiasm - and his easy acceptance even more - but damn if he wasn’t still terrified of what would happen when they got back. He was going to have to tell people eventually... Admitting it to himself had been one thing. Telling Sam was an accident. But to look his friends in the eyes and say out loud that he liked guys? He was not sure he was ready for that. Jody would probably be fine with it...Donna too. They’d accepted Claire and Kaia easily enough. But Bobby and Charlie? They weren’t his Bobby and Charlie, he knew that. But the thought of them not approving...of them leaving… Fear twisted in his gut and his lips thinned into a line.
“Hands on the door, Cas.” The hunter growled. “I didn’t say you could touch.” The Angel slapped his palms against the door even as his hips thrust minutely into the air. He was painfully aroused if the obscene tent in those navy slacks was anything to go by. Dean had never considered himself an exhibitionist, but the way the Angel’s hungry eyes devoured every inch of skin made him think twice. That heated gaze belonged on him. Only on him. Nobody else got to see Heaven’s most powerful weapon reduced to a panting, desperate pile of sheer need.
“Of course you loved me, because you loved humanity, right? That’s what God told you to do and you were the good little soldier, so it couldn’t possibly be anything else. How could an Angel love me? I’m broken and bloody, my soul is stained with so many sins, how could you even bear to look at me? Don’t shake your head at me, either. It’s rude. All the stuff I’ve done. I’ve hurt you, I’ve lied to you, I treated you like shit, Cas because I was too fucking scared. But damn... when you left… I drank until I blacked out every night for weeks. Right on the fucking floor. I was a wreck. Every time. But I couldn’t stop. I couldn’t face you and I couldn’t face myself. So I shoved it deep, deep down inside and tried to let it die. But it didn’t. Every time you came back I thought maybe I would do it right this time. Maybe I wouldn’t be a fucking coward. But I knew you’d leave. I knew I’d never see you again if you knew how I felt. And I couldn’t do it. Because I am an idiot, Cas. I - are - are you laughing? I’m pouring my heart out here, and you’re laughing?”
The elder Winchester suddenly found his shoes far more interesting than where this conversation was headed. Sam had been asking that question for days while they baited Michael. But he knew his brother wouldn’t understand. Sam saw Cas as a brother and assumed Dean did too. He had purposely not told his little brother when his feelings started to change. Loving a dude was one thing; falling for a celestial creature was something else entirely. Only the dark corners of his room had ever been privy to that secret. He winced as Jack chimed in.
Time had no meaning in this place. There were no markers to know how far he’d walked. No sunrise or sunset to track the hours. It was eerily quiet with nothing but the sound of his footfalls and his own quiet breathing to break the silence. At times he thought he could hear the faint sound of voices - talking, screaming, sobbing - but he didn’t slow. He never deviated from his path. Dean followed the thread for what felt like hours or even days. He slept fitfully when he was too exhausted to continue, but never for long. The muscles in his legs burned from exertion and his raw throat made him regret not bringing water. The red line flowed steadily forward before finally coming to a stop. Dean reached out to touch the end of the strand and felt something solid instead. A closed door. The ruby glow illuminated the sudden appearance of a handle. Hope warred with fear as he pushed the door with a trembling hand. It swung open on silent hinges.
An hour later all four were lounging in the living room trying to guess who the culprit was before the Mystery Inc. gang made the big reveal. Sam had claimed the oversized recliner and Eileen was perched in his lap with her head resting on his chest. Dean and Cas were sprawled out on the couch, mimicking the position they’d woken up in. The hunter was sandwiched between the couch cushions and his boyfriend lay happily in his arms. Dean’s fingers traced patterns idly along the strong chest as he held the Angel close. The brunette gently grasped his wandering hand and threaded their fingers together, giving a small squeeze. Dean pressed a kiss into dark, silken strands. Who needed Heaven when he had this? The brothers were happy, they were in love, and they were at peace.
“Yes. Absolutely.” The Angel paused expectantly, leaning towards Dean a bit in his eagerness. Dean was drowning in ocean eyes. Cas deserved to hear him say it...really say it. Castiel practically vibrated in anticipation. Seconds ticked by and sadness crept into that sky blue gaze as the Angel took a minute step towards the immobile hunter. “Dean...please?”
He cringed as he saw Cas come to him after Sam trapped Lucifer in the Cage - saw himself in his pretend domestic bliss. He’d torn the Angel a new one when he found out about his dealings with the King of Hell. His words shot to kill when he was angry and he’d thought Cas deserved it then. He thought he understood the intense pressure Castiel had been under with the war in Heaven. He was Jon fucking Snow.
Then came the images from Purgatory, their reunion by the river, stolen moments of peace between battles. He felt the ache in the Angel’s heart with every step, heavy with the knowledge that he was going to send Dean through that portal alone. Cas watched him while he slept on the frigid ground, unblinking, for hours. Dean couldn’t find it in himself to be perturbed the way he used to.
Castiel turned those cobalt eyes to Dean and the hunter felt himself waver in the face of his sorrow. “But Gabriel is here. Hannah, Balthazar, and Samandriel... I can’t just leave them if there’s a chance -”
Dean couldn’t stifle the quiet gasp or calm the rush of relief as he entered what he supposed was a cell. He saw Cas, clad in his ever-present trench coat. The broad expanse of his back was towards Dean. But the Angel wasn’t alone. He was facing someone; the hunter was shocked to see that it was him. Another Dean. They were staring at each other- as he and Cas had always been wont to do - and around them were what looked like windows to the past. Technicolor scenes that played over and over again in the silence. Cas was reliving his memories and nearly every single one was of Dean.
The hunter ignored his pinned and numb arm in favor of drinking in the Angel’s presence. Cas had picked one hell of a vessel. He was maliciously sexy...the way he moved, the way he breathed. It was passive harassment is what it was. It was like he was designed to drive Dean insane. Dean congratulated himself on his iron willpower for being able to resist as long as he had.
Dean had to lean forward to hear as Castiel finally spoke. “Hello Dean. I knew she’d send you here eventually”.
“Oh I can definitely do that.” Dean stepped back a few steps and shrugged off his flannel and jacket in a single sinuous move. Castiel was frozen in place. Before the fabric hit the floor, he reached for the hem of his t-shirt when he paused. He was over 40 now and his penchant for cheeseburgers and cheap beer hadn’t exactly been kind...
The rest of his pleas were cut off when Dean pulled out and drove back in again, hard and long and way before Castiel is even close to ready for it. He cried out, and Dean grabbed him by the hair and pulled his head back, forcing Cas’ ear to his mouth so he has to listen to every word Dean says.
Dean nodded even as he inched towards the hallway both trying to escape the Queen’s ire and to get Castiel horizontal as quickly as possible. “Uh, yup. Very good reasons. Rescuing Cas, convincing him not to try to bust out the other asshats...lots of heart to heart happening and such. Sam, you’d be proud! By the way, appreciate the assist, Rowena. Owe ya one. Now if you’ll excuse us.” He turned and started to drag Castiel with him when the witch’s sharp brogue brought him up short.
But Castiel, Angel of the Lord, loved him. And Dean loved him too. It had taken years to put a name to it, and despite being repeatedly crushed beneath the boots of self-doubt, it had grown so integral to who he was, that being without the Angel left him hollow and without direction. His voice was rough as he called out the Angel’s name.
The moment was shattered by the obscenely loud gurgling of the hunter’s stomach. Cas chuckled against his lips, dropping soft kisses to the corner of his mouth, his jaw, and then to his neck. He buried his face in the crook of Dean’s neck and mouthed at his pulse point. The perpetual 5 o’clock shadow scratching against the hunter’s collarbone kept him at a low simmer, but it wasn’t enough. He roughly pulled the Angel into this lap. Castiel straddled his thighs easily, chests nearly touching, and Dean could see his pupils dilate at the new position, leaving only a thin ring of blue. The blonde moved in close just as his stomach decided to make its protests known once more.
“You care so much about everyone, even if it’s to your own detriment. You love deeply and laugh freely. You are selfless, loyal and stubborn.” Castiel pressed a kiss to the top of his head.
Wings. Dean remembered wings. Huge, dark shadows against a dilapidated barn wall. Undeniable proof that in front of him had been a creature beyond his imagination. Between the sparks flying, bullets ricocheting, and the way he’d just smirked when Dean plunged the dagger into his chest...Cas had known how to make an impression. The wings had been the icing on the cake. For the first time in his life, Dean had known what awe truly meant. He’d always wondered what the real things looked like...Were they actually black? Or maybe white and fluffy. Hell, knowing Cas they were probably rainbow colored. Maybe he’d ask the Angel to show him once he got him back… But he had to get him back first. Dean struggled to stand and with Sam’s help managed to regain his feet.
“No Dean, you need actual food. Did you eat yesterday at all? Though time does pass far more slowly in the Empty, your body requires sustenance.”
Castiel started at the sudden voice behind him, his eyes widening as he beheld a second Dean. The Empty was trying something new. The reverse of what Naomi had done to him, perhaps. The new Dean strode forward with purpose. Castiel backed away on instinct, but something about this manifestation was different. It wasn’t dressed in the green jacket that bore Castiel’s bloody handprint. It wasn’t staring blankly at him while it taunted him with memories. This one looked...hopeful. Determined. It was smiling at him. He was sure he was hallucinating the hand on his shoulder. A warm, living hand. It couldn’t be. Not after all he’d done...all he’d said. Surely it wasn’t...
“Yeah I know the handprint. We just said it might not work. I thought you were supposed to be the smart one…”
Sam had the gang digging through the various tomes looking for any word about the Empty or Angelic deaths. Any scrap of information they could find might make the difference. Everyone was pouring over the manuscripts and not saying a word about Sam’s refusal to remove his beanie. They were all surrounded by stacks and stacks of books. Everyone except Dean.
He felt his brother’s hand on his shoulder. The touch was grounding. “You’re not an asshole, Dean. An emotionally constipated idiot maybe, but not an asshole.” Sam’s small smile softened the insult slightly. “Did you really not say anything to him?”
Dean slid backwards on the mattress as the brunette scrambled on top of him, the hunter instinctively arching off the bed at the slick drag of Castiel’s shaft against his own. The Angel panted hotly against his lips as he ground down chasing the delicious friction. Dean worked a hand between their bodies and took both of them in hand. Cas’ hips immediately stuttered violently and he rocked into the sweaty tunnel of Dean’s fist, writhing in the cradle of the blonde’s thighs.
Bobby huffs, “Ya know. I always figured Angels would bleed blue or something. Them being celestial and all.”
How could Dean have ever thought that Cas couldn’t feel the way humans did? That all those times he had said he loved Dean, that he was important and meant too much to him to let go...how could he have ever let himself believe that he didn’t mean it? Dean had wanted it for so long, but never allowed himself to hope. Told himself, like Cas had, that just having the Angel in his life was enough. The hunter hadn’t dared ask for more with all that had happened between them. It seems they were both a couple of dumbasses after all…
The Angel’s gaze was soft and filled with such deep affection that Dean wanted to duck his head and hide like he normally would. But instead he leaned forward and pressed their lips together in a chaste kiss. His hand found it’s spot on the Angel’s neck - not pulling - just a gentle, reassuring pressure. The Angel practically purred when his fingers began absently carding through the tendrils of soft hair near the base of his skull.
Both Dean and Cas couldn’t stop thinking about everything that happened in The Room. Including their promise to talk more about it later. But they never specified what later meant and neither of them felt confident enough to bring it up, and they obviously wouldn’t do that in front of Sam.
He felt so lost, not knowing what to do. He had one last idea but it was far from ideal. Even though the voice telling him
They walked down to the kitchen, where Cas threw out the empty bottles while Dean cleaned a couple of glasses.
Sam knew Gabriel. He was manipulative and loved to play with people. But the way they’ve been talking for the past thirty minutes was so honest that he just believed him when he said Dean and Cas were fine and he was relieved to learn that. Still, he chose to keep playing his game, he couldn’t just let him disappear before he set everything back to normal.
“Me too, I didn’t finish talking though and I wanted to say that even if I’ve never been sure about- you know, how to handle this part of me” Cas squeezed his hands in support and Dean would be lying if he didn’t say he loved the feeling of finally crossing that line, even for small stuff like this, it was completely worth it. This feeling encouraged him to keep talking. “there’s one thing I’ve been sure of for a long time: you’re special, Cas. And I don’t mean that because you’re an angel, you’re special in many more ways than that. I’ve never felt so comfortable with anyone before and sometimes when I’m with you it feels like that’s all I need, you. What I mean with all this is…” He took a deep breath, it was finally time to say it, no more running away from it. “I love you, Cas.”
“Room for three, please” the eldest hunter said approaching the motel’s entrance desk. When the young receptionist gave him the key, he gently smiled at her before turning to his 2 companions.
“Ok Sam,” he said in a calm voice, something that surprised the younger Winchester. “sit down, let’s talk, I’ll listen.” Sam hesitated. “No tricks, I promise.”
They stayed like that, holding onto each other in comfortable silence, slowly drifting to sleep, exhausted by everything that just happened. But it was fine. For the first time, in a very long time, they could feel that, at least for this moment, it was all fine. They could figure the rest out later.
“Thank you.” Cas sighed in relief looking down at the floor, still feeling shame creeping up his stomach.
“I'm proud of you too, Dean” Cas said after a few seconds “and thank you for teaching me how to... be human. You showed me what was worth fighting for and you helped me break out of heaven's... stupid rules, more than once. You gave me a new purpose; one I was happy to serve and thanks to that I got to experience life and the world like I've never had before and I wouldn't change that for anything. The things we've shared truly are the best part of my life.”
The younger Winchester shook his head in response while he sipped his coffee. “Hey, have you seen Cas? Wanted to check on him earlier but he wasn’t in his room.”
“Ok first off, as I see it, you’re the one who won´t stop insinuating stuff so maybe you DO want something to happen. And second, what I wanted to offer you is this”
And Dean did as he was told. He closed the gap between them and when their lips met once again it felt like electricity was in the air. Dean was grabbing onto Cas’ trenchcoat pulling him as close as he could while Cas was holding him by his waist, all the gentleness of their first kiss gone and replaced by their mutual aching for more and the urge to never let go of the other. But unfortunately, they had to breathe at some point so Dean pulled away gasping for air but their grip on each other didn’t lessen.
“Exactly the same as when you asked me ten seconds ago, Cas!” He answered letting out a little laugh. It was not adorable, not at all, just how much his friend worried and was adamant on taking care of him. “Calm down, if something changes, you’ll be the first to know, I promise.”
“Ok first off, Cas” Dean chuckled “you’re not exactly going to sleep comfortably fully dressed like that, didn’t Sam say he was going to get you some more comfortable clothes?” he asked as he walked to his dresser and looked for some clothes to lend him.
The exchange reminded Dean of something. Words weren’t the only way to say something. Actions, that was more of his thing. All three of them had learned to communicate beyond words, whether it be because of hunting or their (mostly Dean’s) struggles with communicating more openly, they all knew how to interpret things, gestures and actions as words. And for Dean, it was just like a second language. He often failed to say the things he wanted to say the most so he got used to showing them instead.
Castiel wasn’t sure what to expect, he was an angel! A cosmic being! And he was a nervous wreck just having an honest and intimate conversation with his best friend. And yes, there was a chance this could end like he wanted it to but what if he was being delusional? What if, all this time, he completely misunderstood what this was? What would he do then? He didn’t have anywhere to go.
“What could you possibly give me that’d be important enough to interest me? Your virginity? No, thanks. You’re not my type.”
“No, Dean, you thought correctly.” He reassured him with a soft smile, softer than any other expression Dean had seen on his face before. “And we can- we should keep talking about this later but didn’t you notice? The temperature is going back down, quickly.”
“Nothing happened, Sam!” it was Dean’s turn to scold his brother. “As if I’d ever tell you about that… we just kissed. We talked for a while and we kissed.”
“I could’ve stopped him, Dean! I had a chance to end Lucifer once and for all and you threw it away! And now he’s still alive and free in another world”
As soon as all three of them went through it, the rift disappeared. Sam and Dean shared a relieved look before Sam ran inside, from where they could hear Kelly’s grunts and painful moans. When Dean turned to Castiel he looked angry. Very angry.
“I-“ Castiel started hesitatingly, “I didn’t want to bother you, I really didn’t but I can’t sleep. I’ve tried for hours now and I just can’t. I’m so tired, Dean.” He confessed, his voice almost breaking in desperation.
“I’m here, don’t worry, just keep sleeping.” He told him reaching to touch his shoulder reassuringly. He hesitated before leaning down to press a kiss to his forehead and he felt Cas relax under the touch.
Dean wanted to kiss him until their lips felt numb, and he was going to if there hadn’t been an unexpected knock on the door.
“Stop flirting with me already, I told you you’re not my type.” Sam teased, tired of the archangel being the only dramatic one.
Sam frowned at that; he didn’t know why but he just couldn’t believe there wasn’t goodness within the archangel.
Once they were both comfortably under the covers, they turned to lay on their sides, looking at each other.
“Morning sunshine!” he welcomed him into the kitchen. No humor behind his words, for the first time he let himself call Cas sweet names and fully, completely mean it.
Leaving was always Cas’ thing. There was always something more important, there was always a reason to leave him. Even now, when Dean finally thought they all had a place to stay, when Cas was being hunted down by his own and this was the safest place to be, he still wanted to leave. And Dean couldn’t take the pain of watching him go anymore. The pain of not being brave enough to stop him from leaving.
“It can and you know it” Cas said disapprovingly “and what about Bobby? Huh? What about all the other humans that are still fighting to survive and end that war? And what if Lucifer manages to find people that will get on his side? He won’t rest until he finds a way to come back here, to his son, and when he does, you will have doomed two worlds to their destruction.”
say that again, Dean Winchester.” He said threatening. “You deserve happiness and if I can take part in providing that happiness it would be my pleasure to do so.” Even though his words were sweet, his tone didn’t match them. Dean believed that if he said something like that again Cas wouldn’t hesitate to physically fight him. And Dean wouldn’t admit it out loud but he was into it.
They stayed like that for a few minutes, which is longer than they’ve ever hugged, until Dean finally let go.
Cas kept following Dean with his eyes, waiting for a clue, a sign, that he wanted to talk but the hunter was completely avoiding looking at him or in his general direction. He hoped that after everything they just went through this didn’t mean that he was ashamed of it and wanted to forget it but the voices in his head were trying to convince him that it was true and that his little fantasy was already over.
There it was, Dean thought, he knew Sam wouldn’t let something like this go without a sentimental remark of some kind. He also knew that his eyes were not at all stinging with a couple of tears wanting to set themselves free.
It didn’t seem like Cas would be waking up anytime soon, especially considering all the accumulated exhaustion he must’ve been dealing with. Hell, Dean wondered if he’d sleep straight through the whole week.
Dean, much more awake now, slowly got up from his bed “Hey, hey, it’s ok.” He said soothingly, walking up to him and gently bumping his arm. “I’ve got you buddy.” He smiled at him warmly.
When he got to the hunter’s door his heart was beating faster than normal and he found himself feeling a tightness in his chest.
Without giving him time to process that confession, or to at least attempt to get his heart to stop beating faster than a racing car, Castiel sat up in the bed, forcing dean to drop the hand that was still cupping his face.
just say that. “You’ve done so much for us, Cas, and- you’re the best friend I’ve ever had so don’t think for one second that I wouldn’t die for you in a heartbeat. All this? Taking you in? It’s the least I could do. And you have to know by now that I want to be there for you as much as you’ve been there for me, which we both know it’s a lot.”
Dean and Cas stayed for longer, sitting in comfortable silence, like they were used to. Talking about unimportant things and sipping whiskey from their glasses from time to time.
Cas took a step forward and without overthinking it, he grabbed Dean by the collar of his jean jacket and pulled him in for a kiss.
“Yep” Dean said as he pulled two mugs from the cupboard and filled them with coffee. “You want eggs?” he asked passing him his mug and taking the seat in front of him.
“See, Sammy” The aforementioned said after appearing by his side. “This whole thing about pretending to be dead is all fun and games but I think it was about time I came back. And when you’re someone like me you can’t just knock on the door and say ‘hey, I’m alive, yay!’. No, when you’re someone like me, Sammy, you have to make a great comeback. But I must say, the storm really helped with the dramatic touch and that wasn’t even my fault!”
But instead of completely stepping aside from him he cupped one side of Cas’ face with his hand and stared at him with both intensity and softness, searching for the angel’s attention.
A comfortable silence fell between them and lasted for a few moments as they just looked at the person laying next to them. It felt absurd, being this close,
But he felt so much lighter than he had in years, this big secret he kept holding onto felt too heavy and now that he had finally let it go, he felt like he could fully breathe again.
“No.” Cas said firmly, almost offended. “It just means that as an angel there was always this invisible shield trying it’s very best to keep them out. When I fell, the first time I mean, when I chose to rebel, that shield cracked. And through those cracks I got to feel.”
For some reason the room felt warmer than his. He even dared to say he felt safe despite the wide display of fireguns decorating the walls. Then again, he would be lying to himself if he said he didn’t know that it wasn’t the place the source of those feelings but rather the person who, even in their profound sleep, brought a sense of relief and comfort to Castiel’s heart.
“And I'm so sorry that you got caught in the middle of every heavenly plan. It was unfair of us, of Chuck, to put the responsibility of saving The World on your shoulders”
Dean didn’t answer but his shoulders dropped slightly and he took a deep breath. That’s all the answer Castiel needed.
They were only a few metres away from Lucifer, who was arrogantly waiting for their next move. Cas tightened grip on the angel blade fade away and angrily ran with Dean towards the rift.
“Hey,” Dean started, ignoring how his heart was pounding in his chest. He slid his hand under Cas’ palm and rubbed the back of his hand with his thumb. Castiel turned to him with a carefully calculated look of worry and curiosity. Dean knew Cas would let him work this out in his own time, he always had, and now more than ever he’d never do or say anything that’d put him in a compromised position. “Why don’t you go sleep some more?” he suggested and locked eyes with him, giving him a small smile that reassured him that he knew what he was doing and was okay with it. “You only had, what? 4 hours of sleep?”
Kept echoing in his head he still couldn’t help but feel like a burden, and the least he wanted was to disrupt someone else’s sleep.
Dean quickly changed out of his pajamas and quietly left the room. He went straight to the kitchen and started making breakfast. When he was almost done with the eggs and bacon, he heard the familiar pace of Sam’s footsteps walking down the corridor and when he turned around, he found his brother stepping into the room, still sweaty from his morning run.
Maybe if he distracted the angel with casual conversation he wouldn’t have to talk about his own feelings. It was a good plan. Except that Castiel always managed to see through his bullshit.
“I couldn’t let him run away! I had to stall him until he brought you two back, right?” He tried to defend himself.
“Wait, what?! Paris? I thought we would go somewhere close, not a whole other continent away from here!”
“I was always too scared to say it” Dean continued letting out a painful chuckle. “I was too afraid of accepting it and terrified that you’d reject me. But I want to let myself be happy for once.”
“We? Is Cas there? I thought he was in his room” Sam asked, curious. It wasn’t unusual for their best friend to spend time with Dean in his room but after all the awkwardness he had to endure with the both of them on their car ride Sam was surprised to hear the were hanging out.
Cas felt like he was melting, he didn’t know how much he needed to hear all those things until they actually came out of Dean’s mouth. He grabbed dean’s wrist, the hunter’s hand still cupping his face.
. “I love you too, Cas.” He finally confessed and felt a huge weight lift off his chest. He couldn’t help but let out a chuckle. “Please, please Cas, stay.” He said softly, letting his hands fall down from the other’s cheeks to lay back down on his bed.
“Sorry, Dean” the angel stopped pacing and sat down next to him. “I’m trying- I really am trying to find a solution to this but I’m not even close” He shut his eyes tightly in frustration. “There’s no doors or windows-“
“You know… during the night. You don’t sleep.” He tried to clarify but the angel still looked at him oblivious to what he was trying to get at. Their little conversation peeked Sam’s interest making him look up from what he was doing. “And don´t even start with that whole watching over us crap, you know it’s creepy!”
“Of course.” Cas leaned down to press a sweet, short kiss to his lips and laid with him almost like they did only a few moments ago but this time Dean was holding him closer with his arm around his waist and Cas had his head pressed against Dean’s chest, where he could listen to his heartbeat. “This is soothing”
“I guess we both forgot.” Cas lied. Truth is, he didn’t forget but he felt too much of a burden already to even bring up the topic.
“Did you sleep well, Cas?” Sam inquired and Dean shifted nervously in his seat. He had hoped that with Cas there he’d be free of having to be the one to tell Sam, since he was better with words and all, but clearly, he was not in the mood yet for any kind of conversation.
Sam was about to argue again but the archangel lifted his hand and as soon as he touched him, they were transported to Paris.
“Wait, hold on, you did what?” Dean questioned Sam, extremely confused about everything they seemed to miss while being trapped.
Dean felt frustration start to rise inside of him. And anger, more anger. He let his impulse take over him for a moment and kicked a chair all the way to the other corner of the room. The noise made Cas turn around.
Dean listened giving him all of his attention, turning his head to stare at him as he talked. Seeing the angel like that, eyes softly closed, head leaned back, pensative and nostalgic, made Dean feel warm inside his chest and it had nothing to do with the ever-growing heat in the room. Cas never talked about his life in heaven and Dean never asked. Not because he wasn’t interested but because he feared he would be overstepping on a subject deeply personal for the angel.
Sam was about to ask what he meant when he felt the archangel’s hand on his arm and in a blink found himself back in their motel room. He stumbled and let himself fall on one of the beds.
“I would like all of that very much Dean,” Cas told him softly “but while sexuality and being perceived as your partner are not things that concern me, I understand it affects you so I need you to know that all I want is to be able to be with you and be near you. I don’t care what you call it and I don’t mind keeping it private if that’s what you wish for as long as you know that all I want is you.”
Dean finally dared to look back at Sam who was acting as if everything was the same as usual. Wasn’t he obvious enough? Or was he just playing dumb? It was probably the latter but the idea of this having to be more complicated than he expected it to was putting him on edge. He felt Cas gently squeeze his hand in an attempt to comfort him.
“I didn’t notice the temperature change,” Castiel admitted worried, adding this fact to his mental list of things he needed to figure out right now. “but screaming at me and kicking stuff won’t do anything other than waste your energy so if you really want to get out of here you better calm down and help me figure this out.” He said firmly.
Blaming Dean was a low blow, they both knew it but they had come to a point in their discussion where they were too deep into their anger to control what other feelings they could evoke.
With desperation flowing through his veins, he managed to get away, his heart pumping a thousand times faster at the idea of losing Cas. He reached the angel and grabbed him strongly by the arm, he turned to face him, their eyes meeting briefly and Dean mentally pleaded for him not to use his tremendous strength against him so he could bring him back home safely.
“Yes.” He said with complete certainty. “I guess… rescuing you from hell somehow helped me truly see you for who you are and in consequence I care for you more deeply than I do for anyone else.”
“Yeah?” he asked, trying his best to sound calm when in reality his heart was once again beating hysterically in his chest.
“Yes.” Castiel explained patiently “I’ve had feelings ever since… well, ever since I met you. But angels we’re not- we’re not meant to feel, we’re not built for that.”
Shortly after Gabriel’s departure they decided they should head back to the bunker since their case didn’t really exist. The drive back was only a couple of hours but it felt eternal, they were all unusually quiet, even Sam, who usually tried to lighten the mood whenever the atmosphere felt awkward.
Dean felt his throat become dry and he couldn’t focus on anything other than Cas. He was nervous about what was going to be said next and he wasn’t sure if he was ready to assimilate all of this yet. He spent so long denying it that it had become a somewhat comfortable state to be in but he knew that he couldn’t run away from it forever.
“Thanks, Sam” Gabe replied honestly. “Sounds like someone is falling for my charm, though” he added in a flirtatious tone.
Once in the room, Sam started to go through their weapons duffle bag to make sure everything was as it should be, while Castiel curiously examined the whole place. The rain drops made a somewhat relaxing noise when they crashed against the window at an increasingly fast and intense pace.
“Sammy” Dean said with relief when he saw his brother again. Sam walked towards him and loosely hugged him for a second. “Are you ok?”
“I’ll admit it, Sam” Gabriel said suddenly, confusing Sam. “All of this time that I’ve been hidden away I did some soul searching. And I’d be a fool if I didn’t admit that I was straying away from ‘the holy path’ or whatever but I’d be even a bigger fool if I didn’t realise that that attitude would only lead me to death by Winchester.” He admitted. His face turning serious and sombre by the end.
He stopped, hesitant to continue that sentence, he spent his whole life repressing his feelings and he’s terrified of letting of letting it all out, finally. He doesn't know what could happen, how Cas could react. What if by saying all this he loses him, which is exactly what he was trying to stop from happening? And it burns in his throat, all the words he never dared to say, all the feelings he felt guilty and ashamed of having deep down in his heart, all the sadness of having to keep them a secret for way too long. And it's not only Cas, it's everything he never felt brave enough to say, all the desires he could never act on, it's all coming out at last.
“Sam, I can’t do that… not yet at least. I can tell you they’re ok but I could give you something else so that you come with me.”
As he walked along the bunker’s corridors, Dean hoped Cas would come after him. He felt dumb wishing for it when he hadn’t really shown more clear signs of wanting that but he was still nervous and processing everything and he didn’t exactly know what else to do now. He closed the door to his room and sat on his bed, after just a couple of seconds he threw the rest of his body against the mattress and let out a long sigh. Opening up emotionally was exhausting, and now he was worrying that Cas might not even come looking for him, but he had to, right? He was the one who said they had to talk more about it. Unless he didn’t really mean it, or he regretted it. Or what if-
and it happening only because a friend offered help. Because that’s all it was, right? They could easily pretend none of this ever happened in the morning, or if not, they could write it off as something anyone would do for their pal. Except that’s not a thing. This was pillow talk and that- this- is not a thing two grown men like them do just as pals.
Cas leaned over him and put his hand over the hunter’s forehead for a few seconds, closing his eyes in concentration. Dean watched him attentively, mesmerised by the angel’s features, he only dared to look at him like this when he knew the other wasn’t looking back.
“No, you don’t” Gabriel told them, everyone looked at him confused. “That article was fake, it was all part of my plan, thought you’d figure that out already, aren’t you the smart one? Or did you already fall so hard for me that you can’t think straight?” He asked Sam.
Dean wasn’t expecting an answer like that, in reality he doesn’t even know what he was expecting, he was just starting to spiral but Cas completely caught him off guard, and somehow it was exactly what he needed to hear, which made him feel all warm and fuzzy inside. He could feel his cheeks getting warmer and he felt embarrassed that he was blushing so he tugged at Cas’ coat pushing him towards himself and he let them both fall against the mattress, Cas laying weirdly on top of him. He hugged the angel tightly and hid his face on the crook of his neck.
He felt guilty talking about it openly behind Dean’s back. It’s not that he hadn’t noticed because, come on, he wasn’t stupid. But he thought that it was not his place to bring it up and that it was best if he just let Dean figure it out on his own and tell him about it whenever he felt ready.
“Don’t say that, Cas.” He said trying to get rid of the slight knot that had formed in his throat. “I’m not getting out of here without you.”
There was a little whoosh sound and out of thin air a man appeared. He was short and he had long light brown hair. He snapped his fingers and the door closed itself again.
Sam and Gabriel were enjoying a delightful lunch. Well, Gabriel more than Sam who, even though he appreciated the food and view, couldn’t stop feeling anxious about the situation they were in.
“Are you kidding me?” He exclaimed, forgetting about keeping his voice low, “Is that really what you think of me, Cas? That I’d only care for you for what you can do for us? After
For the first time they let themselves stare at each other without holding any feelings back, with pure love and adoration and no shame or fear of it being one sided and impossible. It was all finally out in the open and all those dreams and wishes they hold on to for so long were ready to come true.
“I’m honestly not that surprised, it’s Gabriel after all.” Cas said and before Dean could say anything else, he quickly added “But that’s not what I’m here to talk about Dean.”
Dean couldn’t stop stealing glances at Cas through the rear-view mirror, getting caught more than once and him catching Cas in return. Causing them both to silently blush and look away.
“Ok, I’ll be in my room.” Dean announced and finally looked at Cas, there was nothing new in his gaze, no disgust nor regret, and for that Castiel was thankful. Right before he left the room, he tapped the table twice with his knuckles, probably just for the need of doing something with his hands, Cas thought.
“Little brother,” the archangel said approaching Castiel and also laying his hand on his shoulder. Cas, unlike Dean, didn’t mind it. “As tragic as it is, I couldn’t find yours either.” The angel squinted his eyes in both confusion and annoyance. “I’m going to be honest with you guys,” Gabriel continued, turning to face them all. “I don’t think there’s a way to get them back.”
“Ok, knock it off” Dean said saving Sam from being even more awkward about it. “didn’t you just say you have somewhere else to be?” he was annoyed and tired and wanted to be sure they were safe already and, as much as Gabriel said he was trying to be better, Dean still couldn’t fully believe him.
Cas looked at him with his eyes filled with tears, completely moved and overwhelmed by the hunter’s words. When Dean noticed his watery eyes, the smile on his face dropped.
Anxiety started to get ahold of him, he wasn’t new to the feeling but becoming human only deepened it.
The angel passed by him with determination leading his every step, angel blade in hand and fury in his eyes. He wanted it done once and for all, they all did, and it had to be done, whatever the cost.
He tried to swallow all the insecurity as he reached for the doorknob, he was going to prove it wrong.
“Yeah, Cas, you should probably get as much rest as you can. At least until you get more used to all of this.” Sam agreed.
Castiel couldn’t believe all of this was happening. He had never felt this many emotions at once, he felt happier than he had ever been.
“Yeah yeah, everyone’s fine” Gabriel chimed in “and I’m a good person now or whatever. I solved a few of your problems today so I hope you don’t come looking for me to kill me, deal?”
“Of course, Castiel” He assured him and shortly after disappeared with the same sound of flapping wings they have heard multiple times during that day.
“I love you too, Dean.” He said with a big smile on his face. Dean felt so relieved to hear him say it back, to know that all that time of pinning his feelings were reciprocated. “I’ve loved you for a very long time.”
The angel crashed their lips together and Dean quickly reciprocated putting his hands around Cas’ neck, pulling him closer to him. Their lips moved gently, in perfect harmony with each other, but they could both feel the other’s desperate need for more. They pulled apart in need of air.
Dean laughed softly at the unexpected comment, releasing all the tension he still had been holding onto. The sound resonated through his chest and Cas could feel it and for a second, he thought could feel the way his soul lit up again.
It took a while for the idea to settle down on them. They knew their chances were slim, very slim, so they had all made up with the fact that they wouldn’t come back from that one final battle. The famous blaze of glory they all knew would be their end.
It wasn’t long until they finished and Dean started to walk to the door, Cas was expecting the usual pat on the shoulder as a “goodnight” but was extremely surprised when Dean pulled him into a hug.
There was a knock on the door that made Dean snap out of his train wreck of thoughts. He quickly sat back up and looked around the room making sure everything was presentable.
Dean looked away from Cas, not focusing his vision on anything, just trying to process what this meant as he nodded, his cheek brushing against the softness of his pillow with the movement. “You know, for what is worth, I don’t think there’s a single being that has a grip on how to handle them.” He said reassuringly, locking eyes with Cas once again.
“Oh.” Sam said after a couple of seconds that, to Dean, felt like a year in hell. “Ok, I’ll wait for you guys in the kitchen then.” He acted as if he was just told the weather report for the day and not something monumental like this. Dean didn’t know whether to be offended or relived. They could hear the sound of steps as Sam started to walk away. “I’m proud of you, by the way!” Sam’s voice echoed through the corridor.
“Cas, your dick brother, for some twisted reason that must probably seem fun to him, locked us away in this room and I don’t know if you noticed but the temperature is starting to go up here and I really don’t want to die in a sauna.” He argued without even considering calming down.
Dean smiled at the words and brought his other hand to Cas’ face, fully cupping it. Cas leaned his head towards Dean’s, making their foreheads touch. They stayed like that for a moment, absorbing the sense of safety and calm they gave each other, something that could only be accurately described as home.
Cas looked at him in disbelief and with happiness taking over his features. He knew this was a big step for Dean and the word ‘boyfriend’ kept buzzing in his ears, the way Dean said it felt so important and it made him want to hear him say it a hundred more times.
“Samsquatch, you’re running around in circles here and I’m getting hungry, how about we take this little conversation to lunch?” he offered.
“Uh, yeah, no. He’s here.” Dean said and smiled at Cas in a way that Cas recognised as him having some sort of plan. He raised his eyebrow questioningly at Dean who just reached to give him a short kiss before adding “He’s in his boyfriend’s room now.”
The room was suddenly filled with music, it was romantic or even seductive. Dean noticed a change of temperature, was he imagining it? Was it just him? The anger of everything they just went through? He looked at Cas and he seemed unaffected, just staring at the room thinking about finding a way out.
“Oh, Dean!” Gabriel exclaimed in the most dramatic way possible, walking towards him and slightly grabbing his shoulder. Dean glared at him at the gesture so he backed off a little. “I’ve spent all these years tirelessly searching the universe” Gabriel continued with an excessively amount of drama. “But I couldn’t find the slightest trace of your heterosexuality”
“No. Just listen,” Dean cut him off “I get it, I really do. This whole self-deprecating, self-loathing game? I’ve got a golden medal at it. But Cas, you’re- you’re family. I- We-“ Dean struggled to find the right words to say, he had been too caught up in his whirlwind of emotions to think about what exactly he was trying to get at. He knew, of course he knew, what he
“Dean,” Cas started in the tone he usually used to comfort him. “I have no issue with you. And you’re not ‘too much’. I know things get hard sometimes and that gets the worst out of us but that’s ok, it happens to me too, you don’t have to blame yourself for it. You don’t have to worry about what I think of you because I know you’re a brave, kind and strong soul and I really do enjoy spending time with you. You’re the best human being I’ve ever known.”
During his whole speech his eyes never left Dean’s. The hunter inhaled softly, he hadn’t noticed he was holding his breath and was hoping Cas wouldn’t realise how his compliments made him feel embarrassed like a teenager with a crush. Not that he had a crush!! Because he didn’t. He just didn’t know how to handle compliments from friends, that’s all.
The angel opened the door and stepped into his room, making sure to close the door again behind him. Dean smiled at him and patted the empty space on the bed beside him, an invitation for him to sit down. Cas took it.
“Do you really think I’d just play with him? With Cas?!” Dean’s question was meet with silence. Something sank in his stomach. “I’ve never been more sure of anything in my life, Sam.”
“no no no, CAS!” Dean screamed starting to run after him but his brother was trying to drag him back to the rift, to their world.
Eventually, his stomach started grumbling, and despite never wanting to leave this moment he realized it was time for him to get up. Slowly and carefully, he untangled himself from Cas’ grasp and slid off the bed, he gently guided Cas to lay on the mattress instead, praying he wouldn’t wake him up in the process.
“Let me help you” said Cas, also getting up and picking up some of the beer bottles that were left from dinner.
He couldn’t wrap his head around it. Why couldn’t he just do this? Everyone else could! Something that seemed so simple and yet it seemed so impossible for him at the moment. Sleeping was one of the most fundamental human activities, he always knew that of course but he never truly gave the process much thought since he didn’t need to. Except now he did.
“Ok so, if we don’t have any issues with each other… what exactly are we supposed to fix?” Dean asked Cas, starting to suspect what the solution to this all was but too afraid to hear the answer.
“Oh, don’t worry, I know exactly where to find one” Gabriel answered winking at Sam. The younger Winchester blushed at the forwardness of the archangel. “But anyway, I should go now. There’s a few more people I should let know about my return.”
“Man, I really want to kiss you right now.” Dean said, unsure if he could just go for it and if it would be welcomed so suddenly so instead, he hoped that revealing his desire would get him the answers he needed.
“That’ll clue him in.” Dean told Cas before sitting down again. Cas couldn’t help but snort with laughter at that. He leaned down to kiss Dean’s temple.
The question struck dean like lightning. He knew he’d have to tell Sam about it and he knew he’d be ok with it but it still made him nervous. How was he even supposed to break the news to him?
“So what? That means you’ve just been having fake feelings all this time?” Dean interrupted him, raising his tone just a little bit but enough for Cas to notice the anger, or betrayal even, laying underneath his words.
“The walls seem too strong to even try to tear them down,” Cas kept ranting ignoring Dean’s comment. “and I can’t even make the damn temperature go down, or at least stop it from still going up!” he let the frustration take over his voice and he buried his face in his hands.
Hearing Dean’s voice made Castiel snap out of his shock. He turned to Dean and grabbed his wrist, making him lower his gun.
The angel leaned in really close to him, closer than they’ve ever been. Their noses were almost touching. Cas eyes, that had never left his before now, were darting down to his lips. Dean breathed in sharply.
He took a moment to breathe and relax again, letting go of the initial anger that took over him. “And you’re not useless, Cas. Come on! Even without the cool glowing eyes and all the superpowers you’re still badass as hell, dude!” He talked with the fondest smile dancing on his lips and the same admiration a kid uses to talk about their favorite superhero.
“Of course I am alive, Samsquatch.” The archangel replied with his typical arrogant tone, to which Sam simply rolled his eyes.
Dean squeezed his hand once before letting go of it, encouraging him to go. Too tired to argue, Cas slowly got up from his seat and as he did, Dean leaned up to kiss him once again. Dean being that forward with him in front of Sam took the angel by surprise but he quickly and eagerly responded. They pulled away when they heard coughing and choking from Sam, who was trying to drink his coffee.
Sam was pacing anxiously from one side of the room to the other, trying to think of a way to get his brother and best friend back. Wondering where the hell they were in the first place.
The first to go to bed was Jack, the poor kid had the heaviest weight on his shoulders since before he was even born and he was tired, very tired. He had waved to them with a soft “good night” before leaving the room.
“Right, we still have a case to solve too so…” Sam said awkwardly, not being sure about how to say goodbye.
“You son of a bitch!” Dean exclaimed, running out of patience and advancing towards the archangel, taking his gun out again. He knew it couldn’t hurt him but he was angry and not thinking straight and he at least wanted him to shut up.
He slowly blinked into consciousness. He closed and opened his eyes a couple of times in an attempt to ground himself when he noticed a warmth and an additional weight he wasn’t used to. He looked down to find Cas peacefully sleeping with his head against his chest, his arms around Dean’s torso. He couldn’t help but smile at the view. It was real, he hadn’t dreamt it all. There they both were, on Dean’s bed, not as just best friends but something more. Something new and yet something he had wanted for years but thought could only be that. A want, a dream.
Silence fell after Dean’s little speech and they kept on staring into each other’s eyes. Castiel looked moved by his words, a slight smile letting itself be shown on his lips. Dean finally let go of the angel’s hands.
Cas could feel that something about the hunter had changed, and he was right. He seemed freer. He assumed it must've been the relief of finally taking down Chuck and the reassurance they were given that the world they love would never be in apocalyptic danger again. He knew Dean wanted to retire, he deserved it but he would've never allowed himself to ignore the call of duty, or what he believed was his main priority: save everyone else but himself.
Dean was feeling fidgety so he got up to go get Cas some coffee and sat down again. Their hands had touched when he offered him the mug and Dean couldn’t suppress the idiotic smile that appeared in his face at the contact. He quickly glanced at Sam and found his brother looking at him with a funny expression.
“You regret it?” He asked, the look of heartbreak in his face was tearing Dean apart so he reached out and grabbed his hands.
“What makes you think you could’ve stopped him all on your own?” asked Dean raising his voice, without missing a beat.
“I’m not sure.” The former angel said sincerely “This is all too new to me, there’s so much stuff I never thought I’d have to do, so many advantages I took for granted as an angel. Everything’s so much harder now. Tiring.”
Another whooshing sound filled the air for a few seconds and the archangel appeared in front of them.
Something shifted inside of Cas, he wasn’t shocked at the revelation, he had sensed Dean’s longing for years, he could see the love in his eyes every time they stared at each other but he just dismissed it as wishful thinking. And even if he was right, he never expected he would tell him, he made peace with the idea of never hearing those words being said, out loud, to him.
The words caught Cas off guard. He took a second to process them before shutting down his eyes strongly, because they started to burn a little with tears threatening to fall down, and reciprocating the tightness of the embrace.
“Hey,” Dean said softly grabbing his wrists, pulling them away from his face “look at me,” Castiel did as he was told and let his eyes meet Dean’s “We’ll find a way out.” Dean finished saying, giving him a comforting little smile.
“I’ll come home, Dean. The only place I want to be is where you are. And I’ll stay. I will stay with you for as long as you want and in whatever capacity you will allow. You have always had me - completely and without question.”
He looked back over his 12 year history with the rebel Angel and fuck if Cas’ feelings hadn’t been thrown in his face several times too...he was just too damn dense to take it seriously. The Angel Rachel said Cas was lost when he laid a hand on Dean in Hell. He was sure she’d laugh if she knew how corrupt Dean’s touch had been in the end…
“I didn’t get a chance, Sam! I was still processing!” He shrugged his brother’s hand off and whirled away. Bile seared his throat as he scrubbed an arm across his eyes.
It’s exquisite and nowhere near enough. Instead of begging for Dean to loosen his grip, Cas braced himself on the headboard and met him thrust for thrust. Dean tilted his hips every time he pounded into the Angel’s body, searching for the spot he knew would drive him wild. Castiel’s hands flew from the headboard to cling desperately at Dean’s shoulders.
The Angel was shaking his head. He scrubbed an arm across his eyes and Dean ached as he realized Cas had learned the gesture from him. Had learned to be human from him. That explained a lot too. “I made a deal, Dean.”
The silence of the map room was suddenly broken by a sharp clap of hands as the elder Winchester rounded the corner. “Okay, everybody. What’ve we got?”
Sam chuckled as he rested a hand on his brother’s shoulder. “What Dean is trying to say is that Cas is family. And we can’t leave him in that place.”
Dean scoffed and wrapped his hands around the back of the chair closest to him as he leaned in. “Anyway, Cas is important. And I’m not going to leave him in that hell hole if I can help it. No offense Rowena.” His gaze flitted between all the others, but they all seemed attentive to his words. “He saved me from Hell. Literal Hell. I’ve lost count of the number of times he’s saved my sorry ass. And I need to return the favor one last time. Because...I uh, I - ikindahaveathingforcas.”
Some others had guessed maybe… Meg had called him “Seacrest” after all, though Dean had had to look that up on Urban Dictionary to get the reference. His mother might have suspected due to the way Cas had clung to him when they were reunited and how Dean had waited a bit too long to let go. That old lady in the nursing home had said she knew he was pining for someone. At the time, he’d told himself it was for Amara…The Darkness herself had said she sensed love in his heart. Love cloaked in shame. The look she’d given him when they were face to face and all Dean could do was call out to Castiel had been telling. She saw it then. The love in his heart wasn’t for her.
Green eyes sought out blue as Dean pulled back slightly. He could hear the wild desire in the gravelly voice, but there was hesitation too. “What is it, babe? If it’s too fast, that’s okay. We don’t have to go all the way tonight. We have time now. We have all the time in the world.”
If Dean thought he was shell-shocked a few days ago, that was nothing compared to hearing it from the Angel’s own lips. Castiel, an unfathomable creature of light and power the size of the Chrysler building who knew Dean on a subatomic level, was willing to undergo agonizing mental torture every moment of the rest of forever just to see him again. If that wasn’t love, he didn’t know what was. But the Angel wasn’t done.
“Oh we’ll get to that Angel, don’t you worry. But first I think we need to level the playing field a bit. Strip for me.” The hunter perched on the edge of his bed to untie his boots. He kicked them off and toed out of his socks before leaning back on his elbow and taking himself in hand. He met the Angel’s eyes as he gave the rigid shaft a slow stroke, running his thumb across the sensitive head. He gasped at the jolt of pleasure, but didn't look away. “Go on baby. I want you naked.”
Dean nodded “Yeah I capiche. Might take a while though. Like Cas said, got lots of catching up to do. Very important uh...conversations that need to be...expanded upon. In detail.” His eyes met Castiel’s and instinctively he started to lean in.
The words were barely out of his mouth before Castiel stalked towards the bed. Blue-black eyes devoured the body displayed so beautifully on the bed before settling on his prize. Dean choked back a moan as Cas slid easily to his knees. He eyed the rigid member in front of his face like it held all the answers to the universe. Tan fingers wrapped slowly around the turgid flesh and gave a deliberate stroke, just as Dean had done.
“It’s right here. The sleeve. Look!” He shook the jacket emphatically to accentuate his point. “When Billie was trying to crush my heart, Cas blocked her with a blood seal. And after he - before the Empty took him, he pushed me out of the way. And left this!”
Sam cleared his throat loudly enough to startle his brother. The elder Winchester jerked back as he grinned sheepishly. “So anyway, um. We’re gonna go this way and you guys can stay here, I guess. We’ve got people to do and things to see. I mean…” He glared as his brother smothered his glee behind his hand before turning on his heel and pulling Castiel down the hallway towards his bedroom. “You know what I mean! Shut UP, Sam!”
Castiel used his superior strength to yank Dean forward, crushing their lips together as he practically molded his body against the other male. Cas’ arms banded around his back as Dean’s hand reclaimed its spot at the base of his skull and gripped him tight. It was clumsy and wrought with nerves and it was perfect. The Angel’s body was so different from the women he’d been with and Dean loved it. The hard planes of his chest, the stubble rasping against Dean’s cheeks...He groaned into the Angel’s mouth.
“I tried. She’s never interacted with the Empty. She doesn’t know how either.” He met Dean’s hard gaze. “Castiel was my father, Dean, more than Lucifer ever was. The Empty took him because of a deal he made to save me. He means so much and I didn’t even get to say goodbye...or thank you… If I could bring him back, it would have been the first thing on my list; you have to believe that. Whatever else you might think about me, you have to know that I wouldn't do that to him.”
“He is my brother, Dean! The closest thing to a father I really had. You of all people should respect that! He SAVED us in the other world and gave us time to escape. Why don’t you care about saving him?!”
“Settles?! Settles what, Samantha?” His nerves were frayed and raw. He was on the verge of a breakdown in the middle of the damn road.
The nephilim’s face betrayed nothing. “And those answers will be in each of them. Maybe not today, but...someday. People don’t need to pray to me or sacrifice to me. They just need to know that I’m already a part of them and to trust in that. I won’t be hands on. Chuck put himself in the story. That was his mistake. But I learned from you and my mother and Castiel that...when people have to be their best...they can be. And that’s what to believe in.” He met the hunters’ gaze one at a time before giving a curt nod. “Goodbye.” And with that he turned to walk away.
“He - he said his happiness wasn’t in ‘having’ or some shit. I was in shock, I don’t remember the exact words. And then that black goo snatched him up!”
“Well seeing as how it was a stupid deal, I’m unmaking it!” Dean growled Cas’ own words back at him. Their deal with Bille...the first time Cas told him he was too important to lose. He should’ve seen it then… He should have known.
The Angel must have determined that he liked the taste, because the next thing Dean knew, his cock was engulfed in the deliciously wet heat of Castiel’s mouth.
Everyone seemed to lean forward in an attempt to see the now dark brown stain on the shoulder of Dean’s jacket. Rowena seemed pleased. “That’s Castiel’s blood, is it? Well then. Let’s see if we can’t open a portal!”
His brother’s hands clutched him beneath his arms and bore most of his weight. “Dude, are you sure you’re up to this? Can you even walk right now?”
Sam’s heart broke at the quiet devastation in his brother’s voice. The blood was a good idea, but Dean was right. It was technically Jimmy’s blood. It might not be enough. And if they used up their last saint’s bone on a spell that didn’t work then who knew when they might be able to try again. Dean might finally drink himself to death if he failed to reach Cas soon and he didn’t want to think about what the Angel might have to endure while they tried to find a replacement either. There had to be some way to make this work. His gaze roved over the jacket, now splayed on the map table with the sleeve spread out. It took him a moment to realize that the fading blood was in the shape of a handprint. Castiel’s handprint. A handprint he’d seen before.
“Dean”. The Angel’s voice was absolutely wrecked and the rough baritone was dark with lust. His eyes rolled back into his head as he tried to steady his breathing.
Reluctantly the hunter pulled back to suck in a breath, though he preened slightly at the dark look in the Angel’s eyes. His own voice was a rough whisper against the shorter male’s lips “We’re going back to the Bunker now and when we get there, we’re gonna try this again, yeah? Because I saw that kiss with Meg so I know you can do better than that.” He dipped his head to nuzzle against the other man’s neck and made sure his mouth was by the brunette’s ear when he murmured, “Gonna teach you sooo many things, babe. Gonna make up for 10 years of wanting you.” He could feel the Angel’s fervent nod and nipped at his ear, relishing the sharp intake of breath and the full body shudder. When he stepped away he couldn’t help the way his gaze slid over the Angel’s body taking in the flushed cheeks, the rapid rise and fall of his chest, and those big blue eyes blown nearly black. He’d done that with one kiss. Damn he was good. Why had he waited 10 years for this, again?
“I believe I have excellent taste.” The Angel’s gaze focused on something behind Dean’s shoulder, “And apparently so does Sam.”
The hunters were enjoying an intense game of poker and indulging in slices of a cherry pie - store-bought since cherries weren’t in season - when Sam and Rowena finally came through. Dean would’ve felt bad about leaving all the hard stuff to his brother, but he knew the nerd enjoyed it. The thud of heavy boots intermixed with the click of high heels heralded their arrival into the map room. Dean was glad for the interruption because while he was good at pool, poker was a whole ‘nother thing. And Charlie was a damn card shark.
Amara - she had used Cas’ heart to track Dean down. He hadn’t thought twice about it at the time, but for their bond to be strong enough for her to trace him in spite of the wards in the bunker and the Enocian on his ribs…
“Dean” the way the Angel breathes his name is like a prayer “I want it. Wanted you for years, but I -”
The afternoon sun was high overhead as the Winchesters stared as Jack - a literal 3 year old - restored the people of Earth with a snap of his fingers. They were standing in the middle of the road, just the three of them one second and the next everything changed. The boy was calm, a small smile on his face as he wielded unimaginable power. The sudden buzz of distant conversation, the singing of birds and the rumble of vehicle engines seemed a cacophony compared to the silence of moments before. Jack had done what the boys had begged Chuck to do - bring everyone back - the people, the animals...but what about Cas?
Dean swore the room suddenly felt 20 degrees colder. Michael and Lucifer were in the Empty too. If he ran into one of them instead of Cas...he wouldn’t be coming back at all. He racked his brain. Cas didn’t really have stuff like they did. He’d never seen the man brush his hair - maybe that was why it looked unruly most of the time. Dean had always wanted to tell the Angel he had sex hair just to see how he would react. Probably just do that cute little head tilt as usual. It was one of the Angel’s more endearing quirks.
Sam saw the clenched fists, the tight line of tension in his brother’s frame. He understood his brother so well, and this wasn’t new. Every time they lost Cas, Dean grieved hard. When they thought it was permanent, his brother lost the will to go on. Sam gave his brother a reason to stay alive, but Cas...Cas gave Dean a reason to live. Without him, Dean went so far as to get drunk on the job, if he could even get out of bed to work a case at all. Dean was holding back a lot of emotion and Sam knew there had to be more about that night than what Dean had told them. He never was very good at talking about how he felt, unless it was anger. He raised an eyebrow in question, his gaze softening minutely. “Dean...what happened down there? How did the Empty even get past our wards?”
Instead, Dean tried to make himself useful and focused on taking care of their guests. One morning he got to flex his culinary muscle a little bit and made vanilla cinnamon waffles with fresh whipped cream and real maple syrup that Donna may or may not have smuggled across the border from Canada. He threw in some hearty fried potatoes and sausage links and only got one glare from Sam about his eating habits. The appreciative murmurs of his friends enjoying his food made it worth it though. He made his famous burgers that night and Charlie swore she’d marry him if she was into guys. He could get used to this
“Yes, when Dean wakes we will need to break this to him as well so we can find Michael's crypt as soon as possible.”
"Hey-hey Cas." He said. His voice barely up a whisper. He could feel Sam's eyes boring into him from across the room.
“And if and butterfly stays in its cocoon for too long it dies.” Dean croaked out in a strained voice that made Cas’s heart shatter at the sound. Cas tightened his grip on Dean's shoulder and looked him directly in the eye.
This is just an extremely short chapter I wrote because I wanted so more destiel and feels. Chapter 11 is on her way.
“There is a motel in the next town over called the Cacti Casa. I have already purchased a room for you two.
“Cas, where do we even begin to look. I didn’t even know Michael had crypts until-“ he waved a hand at Dean and cut himself short. He leaned back in his chair and let out an exasperated breath.
"Yeah check these out," Dean said not looking away from the photos strung up across the east wall. Sam walked over to see beautiful pictures of desert plants and wildlife. They were exquisite, long shots were taking the entire landscape of the desert at both day and night, small snakes and lizards perched on top of rocks, impressive clusters of barrel cacti, and a few of a Swaro cactus about eight feet tall. The most impressive pictures by far were the ones taken in the desert at sunrise and set. Beautiful rays of warm and cool colors gently filling the neon pink sky above the dry cracked clay landscape. They both stood there taking in the pictures. Dean with his arm awkwardly under his suit jacket picking at his back. Sam spoke after a minute of admiring the gorgeous photos.
“Here,” Sam said handing him the case file. Cas took it and flipped through it for a few seconds which dragged on as minutes, piecing together what they had discovered.
Dean could hear the agony in the Angel’s words as Cas faced the other Dean. The Angel stepped forward, but the other flinched away and tears choked the Angel’s voice. Dean had to creep closer to hear him at all. The ever present blackness seemed to muffle sound, so not even his footfalls disturbed the pair in front of him.
“Dean, your food is getting cold.” He’d been caught staring, but he couldn’t bring himself to care. The smile on the Angel’s lips said he enjoyed the attention anyway. Their eyes met as Casl took another sip of his drink and neither bothered to look away. They were both smiling like idiots, so lost in each other they missed the sound of the bunker door closing and the clatter of feet descending the stairwell.
Dean looked up from where he was jotting down the spell components on a napkin. “What do you mean a piece of Cas? Cuz it’s not like he’s the Doctor and has an extra hand lying around. Are we talking like uh, a hair or something?”
“Very well. But once you’re done catching up you will inform me of this plan of yours. And because of this delay I get to choose which demons you bring back. Capiche?”
The Angel nodded and dutifully assumed his post in front of the stove. He held the spatula like it was a weapon. Dean could only chuckle. He loved this man so much it hurt.
“It’s funny, you know. Ironic even. I’ve been alive for millenia, seen civilizations rise and fall, and yet all my greatest regrets center on you. One man amongst a sea of humanity. You who brought me the most joy and the deepest despair I’ve ever felt. Who made me feel in the first place. It was always you. Our bond was forged in Hell as I built you up from atoms. I know you in ways you cannot begin to comprehend. Ishim was right. You are my mortal weakness, but I don’t regret it.” Castiel could have been talking to a wall for all the reaction he got from the image facing him.
The hunter flushed scarlet, grateful that he could hide his face in the Angel’s chest instead of looking him in the eye. “Am not.” He was an epic screw up with daddy issues and a drinking problem.
Dean concentrated on the gentle flow of holy power inside of him. He reached for it and it shimmered in response. Gooseflesh erupted on his skin, but Dean ignored it. Every thought was of Cas, finding him and getting out. Together. The grace inside responded and began to thrum beneath his skin. It grew and became brighter the more Dean focused. Suddenly, he felt something let loose from his body and slowly opened his eyes. A tendril of red light had materialized from his chest and began to wind through the vastness. Dean laughed aloud. A red thread, huh? The string of fate that tied two people together. Somebody out there had a sense of humor.
“No you don’t. I’ve brought you so much pain and now...things would be...awkward between us. Dean, I know you see me as just your friend. You never give up and you always keep fighting for those you care about. It’s one of your defining qualities. But you have your family. You have Sam. You have Jody, Donna and the girls. And now with Jack in charge of Heaven and Rowena putting Hell in order, you have the peace you always wanted.”
“Goddamn, Cas. Look at you. So damn hard for me. So eager. You want me to fuck you, baby? Want me to fill that tight little hole with my cock? You’re holding your grace back because you want to feel it when I split you open, don’t you?” The wanton moan from the Angel’s lips was answer enough. With a hand around the base of his dick, he pressed against the tightly furled skin of Castiel’s ass and instead of the resistance he expected, the Angel’s body opened for him readily, the passage already slick and deliciously tight. He paused.
Seven pairs of eyes lifted to stare at the sudden interruption and Dean felt the smile slipping off his face. They were looking at him and he began to sweat. Were they looking at him differently? Was that suspicion that he saw? Did they know?? Could they smell the gay on him? Did he have some sort of sign over his head saying “I like guys!”? His heart raced and his tongue was suddenly thick in his mouth. The spacious room felt far too small. He couldn’t breathe. He nearly turned on his heel and ran when his brother spoke up. As he talked, Sam slowly made his way next to his brother in an unspoken show of solidarity. Dean loved his little brother so much. He almost regretted the hair dye. Almost.
“Fair? You wanna talk about what’s not fair? Finding out my best friend is in love with me 5 seconds before he fucking dies. That’s not fair. That you loved me from the beginning and never said a word. Don’t you get it? You changed me too, Cas. I was taught to kill the supernatural, but you wormed your way in and made me trust you. You made me believe in myself when I thought I couldn’t anymore. Shit, I told Chuck himself I wasn’t a killer. You did that. You came back after I sent you away, after I nearly killed you. You always came back to me. You...you saved me in more ways than one, Cas.”
The boy’s voice was a small whisper. He wouldn’t look Dean in the eyes. “I’m so sorry. I’ll learn as fast as I can and I’ll get him out as soon as possible. I swear I will. I owe him that.”
Dean could feel a sense of warmth begin to build as Rowena’s voice rose and fell with the incantation. It grew hotter and hotter until he felt like a small sun was blazing inside him. Sweat poured off him and his whole body was thrumming with energy. His fingers dug into his thighs as every muscle spasmed relentlessly. His heart felt like it might pound right out of his chest and every nerve ending was awash in agony. Dean reminded himself that he’d endured far worse pain at the hands of Azazel on the rack. It would be over soon one way or another. The hunter grit his teeth and wondered if this is what it felt like to be burnt alive.
3 days, 7 hours and 39 minutes later, it was Bobby who ultimately found the spell. A torn page stuffed into a book about Angel physiology that Dean definitely didn’t confiscate for later research. They’d all given an exhausted cheer when Rowena declared the spell looked promising. But it was written in Enochian and Demonic with some sentences containing a hodgepodge of both. Sam figured he would be able to translate the Enochian symbols using Kevin’s old notes and Rowena knew enough of Demons to understand their language. But it would be slow going. Dean chafed at the additional delay, but he trusted his brother would solve the problem as quickly as he could.
Dean stared at his brother as though he had 3 heads. “What are you talking about? That is the original handprint. He left it there weeks ago! What, you think I painted over it or something?”
“Dean…” his moose of a brother actually sounded concerned. “That’s your jacket. What does that have to do with Cas?”
“Cas” he husked as he left another mark on the Angel’s collar bone “Tell me this is okay. Tell me you want this. Because if you don’t stop me, I’m not sure I’m going to be able to do it myself.”
Dean allowed himself to pull the Angel close, resting their foreheads together. He closed his eyes and took a relieved breath as a single tear slid down his cheek. “I’m gonna get you out of here, Cas. Get you home. But you’ve got to promise me something first, okay? You have to promise.”
Rowena gave him a sharp nod of approval as she looked him over. “Now Mr. Winchester, in order to find your missing cherub, you’ll need to focus on the bond you share when you walk through that portal. She nodded to her right and Dean finally turned to see it. The undulating mass of black goo was exactly as he’d seen it that awful night. He stepped towards the portal, but was hauled back by strong arms.
“Well it’s not enough for me. And I’m not ‘okay’. How could I be knowing you’re stuck here, not napping, but dealing with a cosmic asshole who is taking its cues from the damn Scarecrow! How could I be okay with that?!”
“Nah, Jack did that. But he isn’t so great with his new powers yet to pluck you out of here without letting loose who knows what else. Rowena used that profound bond of ours to track you or something. Used the grace you left in my soul when you rescued me from Hell. Hey! I guess it’s my turn to raise you from Perdition, huh?”
“Home? Dean, I - I can’t - I don’t... Is it really you?” Even as he asked the question, he knew it was true. That beautiful soul was singing in the presence of his grace. Cas would know Dean blind, by the way his breaths came and his feet struck the earth. Cas would know him in death and at the end of the world. Stoned out of his mind or with no memories at all, he would always know Dean.
Doubt suddenly filled Dean’s mind. “Well, I mean technically I guess it’s his vessel’s blood...but Jimmy’s spirit hasn’t been in there for a long time. Cas said it was all his years ago. So I don’t know… does that make it his blood too?” Dean turned to Sam as though he had all the answers and his face began to fall. “This is all we have that’s from Cas. There isn’t anything else...”
“He’s not here.” Jack replied with a definite downturn of his lips. “I might have Chuck’s power, but it didn’t come with a...manual so to speak. This?” he gestured at all the people around them “This is just raw power. Plucking one Angel out of the Empty like Chuck did for Lucifer? That requires finesse...skill I don’t have yet... I’m sorry.”
The sharp tap-tap-tapping of his pen helped Dean think. No hair. No feathers despite the fact that Dean knew he had wings somewhere. No body parts obviously... Did they have anything of Cas here at all? If anyone looked at this place, would they even know Cas had been here all those years? Dean only had the one small picture of Cas in his cowboy hat, but that was just for him, tucked safely in his wallet. Cas didn’t eat or sleep anymore since he powered back up so he didn’t need a room. He only had the one pair of clothes too since he could repair them with awave of his hand. It was like he didn’t exist there at all...no wonder he’d never felt truly at home...So much for family not ending in blood…
“Cas, we’ve gotta go. I don’t know how long Rowena’s spell is going to hold open our exit.” He grabbed the Angel’s hand without a thought and hauled him quickly out the door, following the pull of magic back towards the portal. “You wouldn’t happen to know where I can find a demon in here, would ya? I’m supposed to rescue one as part of the deal to bust you out.”
Oblivious to the turmoil in Dean’s head, Bobby groused “Bout time you came to join the party, boy. Mind telling me why I’m ruining what eyesight I’ve got left on a bunch of books?” Dean had to remind himself sometimes that this Bobby was a soldier. Charlie too. They’d both faced their deaths in the other world head on and managed to walk away. They weren’t much for reading.
Castiel was suddenly pulling out of Dean’s arms and rolling the hunter towards him to more easily view the damaged area. He flushed slightly as he saw his own handiwork. In the throes of passion he had left scratches criss crossed along the broad expanse of those freckled shoulders. He winced in sympathy and pressed his fingers to the marred flesh.
Dean shivered instead. “Yes, sir” he purred. He didn’t miss the way the Angel’s eyes widened or the sharp intake of breath. This was definitely something they were going to explore later. And Dean had definitely liked ordering Cas around the night before.... He still had those handcuffs around somewhere didn’t he? The ones that could restrain an Angel…oh the possibilities… He didn’t register that his thumbs were stroking slowly along the Angel’s hips until Castiel grabbed his hands and held them in his own. He pressed kisses to his palms before rising from the bed.
Dean mourned their loss, but was determined to leave more any chance he got. “Yeah well, we’re going to have to trim your nails or something, because my back looks like I got mauled by a tiger.”
“I was a Captain of the Celestial Host, Dean. I know how to give orders.” A single dark brow rose as though daring the hunter to suggest otherwise.
Castiel’s breathing changed slightly as he awoke, the sharp inhale as he struggled to figure out where he was, and then the deep sigh as the memories of the prior night came back and he relaxed in Dean’s arms. The Angel stretched luxuriously and hummed in contentment as Dean pressed butterfly kisses to all the skin he could reach. The Angel’s voice was rough and slurred with sleep. “Good Morning, Dean.”
Sam had been calling their friends to recruit them for the effort within minutes of jumping in the car. The conversations were two-fold: making sure that Jack really had brought everyone back, and to get some manpower for the next step. They had to figure out how to get into the Empty and they had no idea where to even begin. But the Bunker had books and manuscripts that they still hadn’t read, so there was always the chance that their own library had the solution they needed. There had to be something there that they could use, but they were going to need a few more pairs of eyes to do this quickly. Sam had graciously agreed not to say anything about him and Cas but the self-satisfied look in his eyes as he chatted with Jody said more than enough. Dean was putting hair dye in his brother’s shampoo that night. Neon pink.
“Oh I understand alright.” Dean crowded into the Angel’s space as Cas so often did with him. “You don’t think you deserve to be saved.”
Dean’s lips quirked in a small grin. “Look, if I say it, can we please go home? I swear to you that we will get the others out, but I need to get you out of here first. I need to have you safe before I fucking lose it.” His hand reflexively tightened around Castiel’s, the brunette was positively beaming at him now.
Dean was doing a lot of staring today, but damn how did you top something like that? Who would’ve guessed that the Angel who didn’t talk all that much would be so poetic talking about Dean of all people. It was funny. Hell it was hilarious. So much simmering beneath the surface, so much time wasted because they wouldn’t talk about their feelings. And now they couldn’t seem to stop. Sam would have a field day. Speaking of Sam… He pulled back, dropping his hands from the other’s face.
“Oh god, Dean…” He swallowed Castiel’s mewls of pleasure as he chased the taste of himself on the Angel’s tongue. He could feel himself cresting all too quickly as Cas ruts shamelessly against him. The dirty grind of their hips was enough to send him over the edge, but he didn’t want it to end like this...  The hunter broke the heated kiss, pushing at the brunette’s hips and sucking in deep breaths to keep his orgasm at bay.
“Does it really matter? If Cas is important to Dean, then he’s important to me. I can vouch for the healing part. Dude patched me up with a tap to the forehead once. He’s good people.” Her eyes were soft as they took in Dean’s grateful smile from across the table. She walked up to the man she considered one of her surrogate sons and put a hand on his other shoulder. Dean felt the reassuring squeeze. She knew. And she was okay with it. He could’ve hugged her.
The Angel grinned, quite pleased that he was able to help the human cook. And Dean was a lovesick fool, because it was so damn domestic and perfect.
The sounds of so many memories echoed in the vast chamber. Castiel’s laugh was pained, his shoulders bowed, but he couldn’t tear his eyes away for several moments. “You were always too good for me. Too bright and too pure.” The Angel subconsciously reached out towards the shining image of Dean’s soul, but dropped his arm when he remembered he couldn’t touch a memory. Dean choked back his own hysterical laughter. After all that, the Angel still thought he was a good man. Unbelievable.
He had just finished putting on his socks when an inhuman scream echoed through the halls. Dean snatched his gun from the top of his dresser and bolted. Panic raced through him as he began to sprint down the hall. He nearly slid past the doorway, but caught himself on the edge. He pulled himself into the room, his eyes landed on the Angel now sprawled on the floor by the counter. Cas was breathing hard, with a wide-eyed terror on his face.
Rowena had said to focus on the bond between him and Cas. It had been strained, frayed, and nearly broken more times than Dean cared to count, but it was still there. It was strong enough to break Naomi’s hold on Cas and had allowed Dean to defy the Mark of Cain. No wonder it had been able to open the door to this desolate place. Dean stilled for a moment and felt for the force he knew was within him. He searched for the bright blaze of his own soul wrapped in the soothing embrace of Castiel’s power. He found it easily. All that meditation and visualization yoga crap Sam was always going on about might actually be legit. He’d never tell his brother that though.
“I mean,” Dean took a deep breath. Both of them were so immersed in this conversation that they failed to notice how the temperature was starting to slowly go back to its initial state. “Ever since, since forever, I’ve known that there was something about- about me that I couldn’t fully accept. And then- you came along and- I don’t know I just… I couldn’t pretend it wasn’t there anymore. No matter how hard I tried to. But what if I don’t want to pretend anymore, Cas?” he pronounced the last word in a prayer and for the first time since he started talking, he looked up to the angel’s eyes. Castiel had never seen so much vulnerability and hope in Dean’s eyes. It was beautiful, he was beautiful. “I think- what I’m trying to say here is that Cas-”
When Cas followed his directions, Dean swallowed trying to untie the knot that was forming in his throat. He knew that Cas becoming human meant having to work through a lot of new stuff, not only for Cas but for him too… for them. But he never thought he would find himself in this scenario, about to share a bed with his best friend, and yet he didn’t feel as panicked as he thought he would.
It was Cas’ turn to freeze in shock. But as soon as he realized what was happening, he started to kiss him back. The kiss was salty. Salty and wet on account of not only Cas’ tears but now Dean’s too. But they didn’t care, they couldn’t care. They were kissing, something the both of them had wanted for years, and for a moment that’s all that mattered.
Dean didn’t know how to react to that, too many questions swirling in his head and his heart beating like a drum in his chest. He only kept staring at those blue eyes he knew so well by now. They fell into a comfortable silence and stayed like that for a while. Despite the threat of something bad happening either inside or outside the room, neither of them actually minded being trapped together. Maybe in more normal circumstances they could even enjoy basking in each other’s company.
Every voice that had ever tormented his thoughts went off at the same time, every insult, every claim of what he did or didn’t deserve, every threat about what would happen if he ever dared give into his wants, his needs, his heart. He pushed through them all, and reached once again to cup Cas’ face, with both of his hands this time and pressed their lips together.
Their little game of extending their confessions to others out of fear of being rejected had run long enough. Sometimes they even wondered if the emphasis on the singular pronouns was really there to be analysed or if they were simply wishing the other felt that way about them.
“He’s weakened, Cas” the hunter tried to ague, “and you’ve seen that world, it couldn’t be any worse”
“Just shut up, you idiot” Sam said, tired of the archangel’s shenanigans that did nothing to ease his worry. “And don’t call me Sammy, only Dean does that. You know Dean? My brother? Shorter than me, green eyes, bowlegs? Bring him back, now! And Cas too!” he ordered.
His distress didn’t go unnoticed by the angel who lifted his hands to softly cup Dean’s face. He leaned into the touch and relaxed a bit.
Right in that moment, as if he could still sense Dean’s sudden agitation and panic, Cas wandered into the kitchen. He was still wearing the clothes Dean lend him and he looked grumpier than ever. Dean’s breath hitched and he felt an invisible force pull at the strings of his heart. Seeing Cas like that, wearing his shirt and with the most terrible case of bedhead, made it all more real. It wasn’t just a last night thing. It wasn’t just a moment. This was only the beginning.
A few moments passed and they stayed like that until Dean closed his eyes tightly for a second “Fuck, it’s getting hot in here” he said as he started to take off his second jacket.
“OH.” Sam said, realization flooding his face “Yeah, no, I don’t want to know.” He told him quickly making a disgusted face.
“…if you love me like I love you, you’ll understand why I did what I did and you won’t try anything else stupid” he finally said.
Cas started to get up, with the intention of putting distance between him and Dean in case Sam decided to come inside. When Dean realised what he was doing he stopped him. If there’s something he realised that day is how he never wants to waste any opportunity of being like this with Cas, because he was right, he could make Dean happy but he had to let that happen and he didn’t want fear to interfere with his happiness anymore.
An hour or so later Sam got up and yawned, stretching his whole body in the process. He piled up all the empty pizza boxes from the map table into his arms and patted Dean in the shoulder on his way out.
“Sure you are, bud.” Dean said sarcastically, gaining a fond roll of the eyes from Cas. Sam laughed at their exchange. “C’mon, I’ll wake you up when lunch’s ready.”
The reminder of the passage of time made Dean remember how tired he actually was and so, he let out a yawn.
“Come on, it’s no big deal” He lied “there’s enough room for the both of us.” He encouraged Cas with a tired nod towards the bed.
Dean was sweating. A lot. He was only wearing a t-shirt and the rest of his layers were all sprawled across the floor. He was still sitting against the wall but now, he was resting his head against it too and his eyes were closed. Castiel was sitting beside him fanning him with a piece of thick paper he had found.
The angel took a small pause, which Dean took as an opportunity to caress Cas’ cheek with his thumb.
be a good person and honestly you’re not THAT far away from being one but you insist on getting away from that path, why?”
“Nothing, but it was worth trying, you taught me that you have to keep fighting even when there’s no hope of winning. And yes, I could’ve died but if I brought him down with me it would’ve been worth it. Why would my life matter more than billions of lives and two entire worlds?!” Castiel raised his voice progressively while talking and was now screaming “Why didn’t you let me go?!”
“Gabe,” Sam said, offering him a reassuring smile. “you know this is good, right? Choosing to be better. I knew that deep down there was goodness inside of you. Even if you are kind of an asshole sometimes… or most of the time,” the archangel chuckled at that. “something within me knew you couldn’t just be a bad guy.”
Dean laughed quietly. He couldn’t believe that for once he was excited about the future. Terrified? Yes. Always. But he also felt hopeful. After all,
Not only the words, but the tone of pure conviction with which he spoke, had Dean frowning at him, not even caring to hide how hurt he felt right now.
“This is too good to be true, Cas!” he mumbled against the angel’s skin, beaming with happiness. Cas couldn’t help but laugh at Dean’s childish reaction, and his laughter echoed through his chest and Dean was so close to him that he could feel it too, he decided right then that that was the best feeling in the world. “You’re too good, I don’t deserve this.”
“Let me finish, please. You never deserved that, neither did Sam but now it's over and you get to be free, Dean. You don't have to save everyone anymore, it's time for you to focus on you because we both know you never did and now you have no excuses”
Dean watched him leave with the biggest lovestruck expression Sam had ever seen on anyone. For Dean, thinking about how Cas was going back to sleep to his bedroom, to his bed, was filling him with euphoria.
Castiel looked at him in disbelief, he couldn’t understand why Dean, of all people, would be so pressed about this issue. What could possibly be more important than saving the universe?
The door had suddenly opened banging against the wall and making a loud noise. Cold and wind was starting to come into their warm room, accompanied by a little bit of rain water. Sam and Dean quickly stood up, picking up their guns, while Cas took a few steps towards the door, all three of them ready for a fight.
“Before locking us here he told us to ‘fix our issues’” He pointed out and thinking about what that might imply made another knot appear on his throat and something heavy settled in his stomach, making the previous warmth he felt quickly disappear. He cleared his throat in an attempt to sound as normal as possible. “Cas, do you have an issue with me?” as much as he tried to, he couldn’t hide the fear and desperation on his tone. “I know I can be a dick sometimes and I can be too much to be around but-” ugh, he hated talking about his feelings but he had to be more open with Cas if that would stop him from leaving him. Which he always felt was one stupid remark away from happening but he couldn’t let that happen. He couldn’t lose Cas. “I hope you know you can talk to me if you ever need space or if I hurt you somehow.”
He stripped his shirt and turned to look in the mirror. The swollen parts of his back were still swollen, but now there was a faint red and purple bruising dusted across both sections. He leaned into the cold ceramic sink and ran a hand through his glass flecked hair, wincing when he accidentally pushed a piece of glass further into a cut on his temple. He looked up at himself in the mirror. He looked tired, well he was always tired but this time he looked a little more tired than usual. He rummaged through his duffel for the first-aid kit. A hand wrapped around a worn plastic container.
He got back to the motel about a minute or so later, it felt like Sam was still cooling down. Felt like, god, he wanted to gank whatever the hell was doing this to him, using him. He walked a few laps around the motel parking lot and then decided it was time to go back he went in. Sam still looked a little pissy when Dean came in, but a least he wasn't so anger Dean couldn't think. Sam looked up when he came in and went wide-eyed. He was up in two seconds and at his side.
“You managed to pull a small piece of your grace from the atmosphere, so that should mean Micheal’s crypt is in a hundred-mile radius.”
"Hiya doctor, Agent O’Connell is here from this morning. Is it okay if I send him back? Okay great." She hung up the phone and smiled up at Sam with her light grey eyes.
"Sam.  . . What are you implying?" He asked shakily, sadness, exhaustion, and denial taking his voice from him. Sam stayed silent and gave him a once over before making up his mind.
“Hey, got my . . . phone,” Sam said as he shut the door behind him. Cas quietly nodded to him, and Dean tried to smile which came out as more of a grimace. “So, you wanna pick up some grub while we discuss everything?” Sam asked slipping his hands into his pockets. Cas spoke up.
"Well sorry, but I was scratching it right up until you called." Sam rubbed his hand over his face and took a deep breath. Dean felt part of the anger ease back down.
"Alright, Sammy, let's hunt us a witch," Dean said opening the diver door and sticking his foot out.
'Damn' he thought 'Time to get to work'. With that, he rolled out of bed and "gracefully" waltzed over to Sam's bed and hit him with a pillow.
‘Manipulate his grace’ Cas had said. He took a deep breath and one more swig of scotch. He felt his eyes roll up and he lulled his head back. He soon became hyperaware of everything in the motel room. He reached out through the bathroom door he could see and feel the vibration of Sam’s soul. He was so light and pure; next to him was Cas, Cas was much grander and regal than Sam’s soul was. Cas’s grace was amazing, it showed all of heaven’s glory through it. He could feel Cas’s grace vibrating along with his, and damn it just felt right. Cas grace extended from his vessel in wisps, touching his surroundings like flame licking wood. He was breathtaking. He reaches out and touched Cas’ grace with his own.
"Dean, seriously. I know something other than Cas and the whole angel war is bothering you and it's obviously affecting your health, so tell me."
This was starting now. This was real. The few days leading up to this were just conversations and hypothetical situations. Now he was sitting in a musty motel room, identical to the thousands he’s stayed in before, moments before he begins the process of becoming a type of angel he never knew existed until 24-hours ago.
The Angel in question huffed a laugh, he could feel the hunter’s smirk against his skin. “Hmmm...you could say that. My vessel did sustain considerable...damage...during our activities. Consequences of suppressing my grace I suppose. Not that I mind, of course.” Even as he spoke the words, his grace unfurled within and the bruises and bite marks faded away.
He murmured into the Angel’s hair so as not to disturb the couple 4 feet away. “Hey Cas, you wanna know something awesome?” The Angel nodded.
Dean looked at Charlie before his eyes traveled to meet those of the room’s other inhabitants. “Look, I know most of you don’t know Cas. Or if you do, then not very well. Except for Rowena who was somehow invited to this little pow-wow.”
This was definitely Dean. His Dean. He was nearly blinded by a new rush of tears as his own hand reached out to lay reverently on Dean’s shoulder, covering the brand that only he could still see. A watery laugh bubbled past his lips as their eyes met. He went eagerly as Dean pulled him close. The hunter’s arms held him tight, squeezing back together all his shattered pieces. He grabbed fistfuls of the well-worn flannel and buried his face into the crook of Dean’s neck. He breathed deeply as he fought to control the tears, basking in Dean’s scent, the warmth of his embrace, and allowed himself a small thrill as Dean’s hand found the back of his neck and squeezed gently. Dean pulled back first, but that possessive hand on the Angel’s neck remained. Their faces were inches apart. Their eyes met and all the Angel could see was green. Green green green, flecked with gold, and he was breathless.
“Woah now!” Dean was suddenly kneeling on the bed.“I didn’t say I wanted you to heal it. I mean, I kinda like the pain in the heat of the moment. And besides, if I can’t have you all marked up, having this is the next best thing.” He could feel the heat in his face as he watched the Angel watch him. It would feel weird for a while...saying things like that to Cas. But he knew now, Cas was it for him. End of story. There was no one else he could imagine having by his side.
Dean huffed a laugh. “Easy there, Miracle Max. Even if Heaven would help, they’ve only got a handful of Angels left. Nah we’re on our own on this one. The hope is that there’s a spell somewhere in this mountain of books that can help us. So let’s see if we can actually find a way to get him out.”
“It’s great and all that you want to rescue the winged assholes who have tortured you and tried to kill you on multiple occasions, Cas. Really it is. But I’m getting you out of here right now.” He tugged impatiently on the hand in his grasp.
“Promise me you won’t leave again. Promise you’ll stay this time for the stupid monster of the week bullshit. For poker games and Dr. Sexy reruns and - and Sam’s lame yoga workouts. Tell me you’ll stay because I can’t lose you” his voice wavered “ I can’t do it, Cas. Not again. Not after what you said. Because I -”. Dean’s voice hitched. “All that stuff you said earlier. And in the Bunker.... Me too.” His hands slid to cradle the Angel’s face. Green eyes bright with emotion. “Me too, Cas. I can’t say it all pretty like you did and fuck if I can’t even get the damn words out. For 10 years I’ve been wanting to tell you. 10 years I told myself I wasn’t good enough, wasn’t smart enough, strong enough, worthy enough, for an Angel of the fucking Lo - don’t interrupt me or I’m not gonna be able to get this out.” His glare was meant to be reprimanding, but Castiel began to smile; he began to hope. The hunter pulled back slightly but didn’t release his hold.
“You are a good man, though you deny it. You are the shining example of what humanity can be. Everyone who knows you is richer for it.” A single tear slid down a freckled cheek and Dean knew Cas could feel the dampness on his skin. The grip around his waist tightened.
And Chuck himself had been so pissed that this Cas...HIS Cas...was the only one to not do what he was told… “a crack in his chassis” is what he’d called it. Love. Love for Dean. Love for humanity because of Dean. Holy shit.
“Oh come on! I have eyes, thank you very much. All that staring you two did... I’m the one who had to sit in the room and deal with the awkward sexual tension. It was so obvious! Everyone knew within like 10 minutes of being around you guys. Even Mom! But you both were so damn stubborn and self-loathing and straight up oblivious, of course you wouldn’t say anything. The only times you’ve ever gotten close has been when one of you was about to die. And if this time it was for good...” He trails off, shaking his head. But the smile remained. Dean was re-evaluating some of the things he thought he knew about his brother. He couldn’t do anything but stare.
Despite the many layers of cloth separating them, Dean was struck by the warmth. They were pressed together from chest to hip and Cas’ body was a solid line of heat. All that grace burning like an inferno under his skin. His brain was getting fuzzy from lack of oxygen, but he didn’t care. This was it. This was how he died. And they never even had a chance to get to the really good stuff...
“What do you mean? Of course he’s gonna come back to the bunker. He’s the man with the plan. He’s top dog. He can do whatever he wants now. Come on.” Dean started back towards the Impala parked behind them. “You know what? We’ll spruce the place up. We’ll get some recliners. We’ll get you one of those big-screen TVs.”
Sam’s voice was quiet again. Soothing. He knew he was pushing Dean and risking a fist to his face. His brother was on edge, but that was the only way he would ever talk about emotions. “But you do, right? Love him? Like that”. Dean could hear the smirk in his little brother’s voice. That little bitch...
The hunter flushed, but yanked the thin fabric over his head before he could think too hard about it. He couldn’t help the small smile as the Angel raked his eyes across the exposed skin. “You reading my mind again, Cas?”
Dean mind wheeled. Everyone knew? He’d made a point to flirt with anything with boobs for the longest time… He was the epitome of macho masculinity on the surface and he didn’t allow anyone to get closer than that. He thought he’d done such a good job of hiding his desires...Though if he was being honest with himself, Dean hadn’t really been all that subtle. He’d been slipping for a while now. He’d told Father Delaney he wanted to experience people and feelings in new ways...and some for the first time. Admitting it to strangers was easier than confessing to his sibling though. Maybe a part of him was dropping hints because he wanted Sam to figure it out so Dean wouldn’t have to say the words.
“What I want. What I really want is to retire somewhere quiet with the people I care about most. It’s you and me and Sam fishing on a lake or toes in the sand on a beach. It’s fruity, girly drinks with little umbrellas and all the chick flick movies I pretend I don’t like. But I can’t have that without you.” He steps back towards Cas, trying so hard to make him understand. “I love my brother. I’ve died for him more than once and I don’t regret it. But he isn’t you. Fuck, Cas, I almost killed him to bring you back. Or let him kill me. Did you know that?”
“Oh come on, man. I’m kidding! I mean, I’m really not… but… I’m happy for you too, ya know. I wouldn’t be your older brother if I didn’t razz you about it though.”
The Angel snorted and turned towards the bed again. Dean allowed himself to get excited again for a moment before a bundle of cloth was chucked at his head. Cas had that triumphant look on his face and Dean couldn’t help but laugh. This. This was exactly what he’d always wanted for them. Waking up together, the stupid banter, kisses just because they could. He used to think he would die young and bloody on a hunt gone wrong, but now? He had a whole new future ahead of him.
The scene shifted again and this time it was that bloody night in Lucifer’s crypt. Dean heard his own cries and felt every blow all over again. But all he wanted was for Cas to be okay. The memories of Castiel’s sessions with Naomi made him see red. He watched as the Angel slaughtered thousands of copies of Dean at her command. Over and over again. But when it was actually him, Cas dropped the knife. This part, Dean remembered very well, but now he understood what really broke Heaven’s hold.
They began their preparations the next morning. They opted to use the basement since it would protect the rest of the bunker in case something went...awry. Sam gathered all the ingredients together in the dungeon and crushed them into a small bowl. Business as usual. Jody, Donna, Bobby and Charlie were gathered around to watch. It wasn’t every day you got to witness magic of that magnitude. Dean himself was occupying a chair in the middle of a large sigil of protection. A sigil in the room where he had lost Cas a whole month prior… He was so nervous he thought he might vibrate out of his skin. Cas had said that human souls were like nuclear reactors and as Michael’s true vessel, Dean’s was even stronger than most. Finding the pieces of Castiel’s grace intertwined within would be difficult, but Rowena claimed she could do it. He didn’t want to think of what might happen if she failed.
The second they crossed the threshold into Dean’s bedroom, the hunter dropped the hand he held. Castiel had a second to panic before he was being grabbed by the lapels of his coat and hauled bodily forward into a searing kiss. Dean tilted his head just so and slotted their mouths together easily. The rough slide of stubble was electrifying and the Angel couldn’t stifle his soft gasp. The hunter used it to his advantage and slipped his tongue into Cas’ mouth. The blonde had decades of experience under his belt and he brought all of it to bear to drive the Angel wild. The decadent moan it tore out of the brunette’s throat had Dean pressing into him, needing to be as close as physically possible. The hunter broke the kiss only to ease the burning in his lungs, but busied himself with trailing kisses down the chiseled jaw and sucking bruises into the Angel’s tanned neck. When they didn’t immediately heal, he knew that the Angel was suppressing his own Grace. He wanted to feel it. Dean nipped at Castiel’s pulse point where it fluttered wildly against his lips and lapped at the salty skin in the hollow of this throat. The Angel’s scent, the heat of his body, and the desperate whimpers had the hunter nearly delirious with desire.
Sam paced by the trunk of the car, resting his chin on his hand as his thoughts tumbled. “True happiness, huh? What could make Cas happy that he didn’t already have? He had a home. He had a family - hell he had a kid!” He gestured at Jack before he began pacing again. “I mean it’s kinda funny, once we said that Angels couldn’t feel at all. We didn’t think they had the equipment to care, remember? What makes an ancient entity happy?” Sam stopped abruptly and his mouth dropped open as his head snapped up. He rounded on his brother. Dean closed his eyes as he internally braced himself.
Dean took a moment to bleach his brain of the thought of the woman he always saw as his little sister finger-banging a chick. “Yeah he can fix your wrist. No problem. But you’ll have to ask him. Nicely.”
The hunter licked his lips and kicked himself for not putting on a cock ring. The Angel was fucking stunning. Dean was going to burn that damn coat and suit ensemble. Cas’s body deserved to be shown off in snug jeans and tight t-shirts. He’ll let him keep the tie though. He had plans for that tie.
“Yes you are. You have a kind heart, a bright soul, and a clever mind.” The hand that wasn’t in his hair moved to hold the sated hunter around the waist. He relaxed into the embrace though he would claim exhaustion before admitting he liked to cuddle.
Dean was still processing that after everything he had said and done, the kid still called the bunker his home...that was just another layer to the ever present guilt roiling in the pit of his stomach. “It’s a hell of a time to bail. You got a lot of people counting on you, people with questions. They’re gonna need answers.” He needed answers.
Cas had pulled him close before he said goodbye and Dean would have bet his car that the Angel was finally going to kiss him. But then Billie had broken through the door and Cas’ shove had sent him flying into the wall. The sludge had taken the Death and the Angel, and Dean was left alone. He’d cried more that night than he had since the first time he’d lost Sam. Not that he’d ever admit it. He was still amazed he managed to make the 9 hour drive to meet Jack and Sam with no sleep.
Sam knelt by his brother, the hand to his chest the only thing keeping him from slipping out of the chair in that moment. “Dean! Are you okay? Holy shit, man. That was insane! That was...that was incredible!” He huffed an awed laugh. “That blue light was intense. I’m still blinking spots out of my eyes...but for a second it actually looked like you had wings!”
Sam sighed deeply and ran his hands down his face. “I’m talking about the handprint that I saw burned into your actual arm 12 years ago. The one Cas left when he ‘gripped you tight and raised you from perdition’, remember?” Sam’s use of air quotes only made Dean miss the Angel that much more. “Cas explained it to us once, though I doubt you were paying attention. When an Angel makes a claim on a soul, it leaves a brand. Cas left a brand when he rescued you from Hell! He made a claim on your soul. Surely we can use that to find him!”
“You should be grateful I deigned to attend, Dean Winchester.” the witch drawled. “Luckily I have Hell running in tip-top shape and can spare you a few moments of my time. Besides, my power is likely going to be needed to get you where you want to go. Unless you have some other means of transporting to another dimension, hmm?”
“Is a piece of Castiel himself.” Rowena murmured before turning to Sam. “And I suppose you’re going to rely on me to hold this portal open like I did for your wee jaunt into the other universe?” Sharp eyes tracked to Dean as she smirked. “Aren’t you glad Samuel invited me, after all?”
He opened his eyes and stared into the Angel, the weight of his gaze so much more than all the times before. Jade bore into sapphire. Sam had been right. Only when everything was on the line could he say how he really felt. And this time the Angel was alive to hear it himself.
“BECAUSE THE ONLY Angel I CARE ABOUT SAVING IS YOU! I’M NOT IN LOVE WITH FUCKING GABRIEL, NOW AM I?!?!”
Cas had lost track of how long he’d been in the Empty. The flow of time was so much different than before. Days or years, it hardly mattered. There was no nap. No peaceful sleep. The Empty was vengeful after being woken up. And though he hadn’t seen the shadow in some time, manifestations still haunted him every second he was here. He faced his most agonizing regrets and held tight to the knowledge that everything he had done was worth it in the end.
The other Angels knew too. Uriel made that quip about Cas liking him even though to Angels he was nothing more than a mud monkey… Balthazar, the prissy bastard, spelled it out when he said they’d had him confused with “the one in the dirty trench coat who’s in love with you”.
“Jack, wait!” Dean couldn’t let him leave just yet. “Just wait a minute, man. I know you said we’ll have the answers inside of us or whatever, but there is one question I need you to answer directly. I need to know for sure. Not someday. Today. Right now.”
The Angel shuffled over to the dresser and began rummaging through Dean’s drawers. The sway of that incredible ass was a direct attack on the hunter’s self control. “Ya know, babe. I hate to see you go, but I love to watch you leave.”
“Hey, Cas.” Dean knew he was grinning like an idiot but he couldn’t stop even if he wanted to. Cas was here. Right here with him like he was supposed to be. “You ready to go home?”
He inhaled the Angel’s scent - a mix of salty sweat, the musk of sex, and something distinctly Castiel. He smelled like thunder and the earth before the rain. He pressed a kiss to the skin against his lips and tightened his grip, pulling the Angel’s back snugly against his chest. He had almost lost his chance to ever have this and he wasn’t going to ever let it go again. He hated that they’d spent so long apart and at odds with one another when they could’ve been doing this for the past decade. But they had all the time in the world now. Neither of them were going anywhere, and with Heaven and Hell now back in order and all the other hunters galvanized behind Bobby, they could afford to take things slow.
“Look, we’ll call up Jack when we get back and figure out if he knows how to spring Angels from the Empty, okay? He said he’d practice. He’s technically hands off now but I’ve got a feeling he’ll make an exception for you. Please, Cas.” His eyes were pleading, begging Cas to just come home. But Cas was begging too, desperate to save the few Angels who had actually cared about him.
Sam instinctively angled himself so she could read his lips more easily. “Not at all. Are you hungry?”
“You want me to pull your hair while I fuck you?” He used his grip to pull the pliant Angel back onto him, fucking his mouth slowly. “While I pound that tight ass into the mattress?”
“But that didn’t stop me from falling for you in every way possible. You think I didn’t see these memories in my mind every day? That I didn’t spend every moment agonizing over every single time I hurt you? Every drop of your blood I spilled, every scar you bear because of me, each and every time I let you down... it was another reminder of why I would never be good enough. There is too much pain, too much anger, and betrayal between us to ever heal those wounds.”
“I didn’t lose him.” Only he did. Dean lost a part of himself that day. “He was...taken. By something called the Empty as part of a deal to protect Jack. Ya know, the one who brought y’all back after Chuck did a Thanos. But we’re gonna get him back. And to do that we have to get into the Empty.”
“But I tried. God knows I tried, much to his chagrin. I protected you. I rebelled for you. I lost all I ever knew...for you. I gave up armies, my grace, and my life several times to try to earn a place in your life, however small. I hoarded every smile, every tender look like they were gold. Every touch I was allowed was precious, every moment by your side worth savoring. I breathed you in every chance I got, fed my love for you with scraps of affection and told myself that it was enough. Enough to just be the satellite to your sun, to bask in the warmth of you. I have lived for millenia and you were the only thing I ever wanted for myself. So torture me all you want. I will bear witness to every sin I’ve ever made if it means I get to see you again, even like this.”
Cas laughed. Truly laughed. Dean looked so proud of himself. “Yes, Dean. It’s your turn to raise me from Perdition.” The pair raced towards the exit, Castiel relied on Dean’s innate sense of the spell’s origin to guide them through the deserted realm. He wondered, not for the first time, if all the brethren he’d slain while under the influence of the Leviathan knew he was here...what they might think about his being able to escape without them. He slowed. That ever present guilt gnawing at his mind.
Sam stopped short on his way to the refrigerator. He resisted the urge to take a picture. “You two are adorable.” The twin deer-in-the-headlights looks he got were absolutely priceless. “I mean it. You’re happy. It’s cute.”
Dean’s breath was coming fast as he realized it had all been for naught. All the posturing and gruffness. All the sidelong glances when the Angel wasn’t looking. Every time he’d had to hold himself back from touching Cas, holding him close and never letting go. He could’ve had that this whole time.
He stared at Dean as he whispered “You didn’t tell me they flew out!” That was when Dean saw the two pieces of perfectly browned bread lying on the kitchen floor. He tried so hard to hold it together, he really did, but the violent shaking of his shoulders could not be contained. He choked back his laughter as the Angel stared incredulously.
Bobby shrugged and went back to his reading. Rowena practically leered at him through her lashes. She definitely knew. Charlie watched him for a moment, before leaning towards him. Her look was almost conspiratorial. “You say this guy has healing powers, right? Say we help jailbreak him...do you think he could fix the carpal tunnel in my wrists? It really hampers my fighting style and makes certain...things with Stevie...difficult.”
The hunter couldn’t be bothered to be ashamed of the guttural groan that flew past his lips. After 10 years, the Angel’s hands were on him and fuck if it wasn’t even better than he’d imagined. The tentative grip on his dick became more confident at the sound and Castiel swiped a finger across the weeping head, raising his hand to his lips and sucking the finger into his mouth.
Castiel looked like he might be having a stroke. His dark pupils had almost swallowed the blue in his eyes, his abused bottom lip was still caught between his teeth, and his hands scratched at the wood of the door, desperate to touch. He was trembling trying to hold himself back. Any shred of fear or self-consciousness was gone. Dean pushed down his boxers eagerly and felt the smear of pre-come as his dick slapped against his stomach.
Dean’s gaze was fierce, burning into Castiel’s. He saw the rapid-fire emotions as they swirled through sapphire eyes - anger, shock, and then a radiant joy. Dean’s mind caught up with his mouth as he registered the Angel’s ridiculously huge smile. Well damn.
Traversing the portal felt like walking through a wall of cold mud. It was nothing like the searing heat of Gabriel’s portal into the parallel world, nor was it threatening to tear him apart like the rift in Purgatory, but Dean still suppressed a shudder as he finally came out the other side. He opened his eyes and just stared. The hunter wasn’t sure what he expected of a place called The Empty, but it certainly lived up to its name. A vast plain of darkness greeted him. Nothingness as far as the eye could see. No landmarks and no horizon. Just solid blackness all around. He’d been there 3 seconds and he already felt depressed. How was he supposed to find Cas in this?
Lust curled low in his stomach as his gaze drifted downward. He took in the dusky nipples that he now knew were delightfully sensitive, and the flat plane of his stomach down to the trail of wiry hair beneath the Angel’s navel. Those sinful hip bones bore a series of small marks that Dean knew matched his own fingertips perfectly. His heated gaze was blocked from absorbing more of his lover’s body by the traitorous sheet draped around their lower bodies. Instead, he contented himself with wrapping his arm around the brunette’s waist and scooting close to nuzzle at the base of his neck.
“Oh FUCK!” his hips shot up off the bed before he could stop himself, but the Angel merely swallowed around the head and hummed happily as the thick cock slid down his throat. The vibrations had the hunter squirming and instinctively grabbing fistfulls of the Angel’s dark hair to try to ground himself as Castiel began to bob his head. “God yessss. Jesus, Cas, you’re so fucking hot. On your knees for me. Knew you’d be good at this. Sucking my cock like you were fucking made for it”.
“I promised I’d go with you, and I will, but I did this. I need to send them back to Heaven. I need to make it right.” The hunter could feel his control slipping. He raked a hand roughly through his hair.
“Dean you can’t just walk into the Empty! You don’t even know what’s on the other side of that door.”
Charlie crossed her arms over her chest. She hadn’t met Cas in the other world and only had memories of pain and torment at the hands of the celestial host. “You pulled me away from my girlfriend and her magical scrambled eggs to rescue an Angel?” The way she said the word made Dean’s eyes go hard.
Castiel’s kisses became more insistent as he became fully awake. He proved to be an exceptionally fast learner by sucking Dean’s bottom lip into his mouth, nipping gently. Dean’s harsh gasp only spurred him on as he grabbed roughly at the wayward spikes of Dean’s hair. The Hunter panted against the brunette’s lips as his hands inched teasingly up the Angel’s strong thighs, intent on their destination. He pulled Cas closer, eager to hear again the desperate noises he’d rung from from the Angel’s throat the night before.
Sam finally nodded reluctantly and stepped away. He held it together as best as he could, but Dean could see it was a struggle to let him go. “Fine. You do what you have to do. But you’d better come back. I wanted to tell you before, but I - I got a ring. For uh, for Eileen. I’m gonna ask her to marry me, Dean. And I’ve gotta have a best man at my wedding, so you’d better come back.”
“Dean, I’m not coming back home.” Jack’s serene smile was tinged with sadness. “In a way, I’m already there. I’m everywhere.” His gaze seems to look past the brothers, focusing on things only he can see.
His eyes swept down from the wild mop of dark hair - it really was sex hair now - past the fan of his long lashes and the plushness of those still kiss-swollen lips. The tan skin of his neck was littered with dark bruises that he had refused to let heal. The hunter could still see the imprint of his own teeth in the junction of his neck. Dean couldn’t stop the rush of possessive pride at the sight. Mine.
The spell reached a crescendo and Dean barely registered the sound of holy oil being lit as a sudden burst of power rushed through every cell in his being. The scorching heat was gone and was replaced by the intense, cool tingling he’d always associated with Cas’ healing touch. He couldn’t know it, but for a moment, his eyes glowed icy blue. The sound of a portal tearing open fell on deaf ears as he lost himself in the caress of the Angel’s grace.
Dean’s eyes flew open. A gust of air would’ve knocked Dean on his ass in that moment, so the playful hit to his shoulder sent him stumbling sideways. That wasn’t the reaction he was expecting. Surely he’d misheard… He gaped at the taller man who was smiling widely. “Get my head out of - what are you -”
“Is this what you thought about all those years, Cas? When you kissed Meg...when you fucked April, this is what you really wanted, isn’t it?” Dean growls, his grip of Cas’ hair tightening. Castiel tries to make a pleading sound but nothing comes out except a breathy huuuh sound when Dean slams back into him again.
“Keep an eye on this for me, will ya, Cas?” He nodded at the contents of the pan in front of him. “Put the filing in there, and fold it into thirds. Then just let it cook for a bit. You might need to flip it over. I need to get some socks. My feet are freezing.”
The Queen of Hell wasn’t even bothering to hide her smirk from them. “He branded you? Well that explains a lot.” Dean shot her a baleful look, but she continued on unimpressed. “And yes, Samuel, Angelic grace bonded to a human soul is very powerful indeed. It will work.” Brown eyes met green. “Looks like you’ll get your Angel back after all.” The sing-song lilt in her voice was enough to make Dean blush.
Sam howled with laughter. He was happy for this brother. He truly was. But he was going to have so much fun with this. He took Eileen’s hand as she sidled in next to him. She’d only just arrived that morning and Sam had been too busy helping Rowena keep her strength up that they’d barely had a moment to themselves. She squeezed his hand and canted her head in the direction of Sam’s bedroom which was thankfully located far away from Dean’s. Sam raised an eyebrow as she bit her lip. He got the message. Eileen yelped as Sam scooped her into his arms and followed his brother’s lead. It had taken all of them so long to get here to a place where they had a true shot at being happy. They deserved to enjoy it.
He pulled the zipper down with an agonizing slowness and felt a surge of something like pride at the way those blue eyes were glued to him. Who would have guessed that doing a strip tease would give him such a power rush. He rocked his hips forward and pushed his jeans down over the swell of his ass and let the loose denim slither down his legs. The Angel’s obscene groan had the hunter cupping himself through his thin boxers to keep from shooting off like a damn teenager. The fabric was damp beneath his hand and fuck if that turn Dean on even more. No woman had ever made him this wet and eager.
Blue eyes narrowed in frustration. “It wasn’t stupid! It saved Jack. And from what you said, Jack saved the world. Just like I always knew he would. And you’re alive and safe. Knowing that you’re okay is enough for me.”
Dean shook his head and he could see the pity on his brother’s face. He would almost have preferred disgust to this. This hurt far more. He could feel the stinging in his eyes and blinked hard. God...Dean was so pathetic.
“I’m around. I’ll be in every drop of falling rain, every speck of dust that the wind blows, and in the sand, in the rocks, and the sea.”
Dean tossed a half-hearted glare at his brother. “I’ll show you, cute…” He sipped from his mug, making obnoxious slurping noises all while he watched his brother. The bitchface intensified the longer Dean carried on until finally he stopped for a breath. He expected Sam to come up with a snarky barb, but instead the younger Winchester looked to Castiel.
“Jesus Christ, Cas...I’m not lying! Ask Jack if you don’t believe me. Hell ask Sam himself. That was our plan after you were taken. We went to Chuck to make a deal of our own. We’d end the story the way he wanted - the whole Cain and Abel thing. But he had to put the world back to rights. He had to bring everyone back. He had to bring YOU back. Whatever comes next, I don’t want to do it without you.” That emerald gaze brimmed with unshed tears and the Angel felt his willpower shatter. Why had he even tried to resist? He had never been able to deny Dean Winchester. Dean saw the defiance fade from the Angel’s eyes, even though he still shook his head in disbelief.
“Dean, I am a centuries old creature with 3 heads and six wings covered in eyes. I am not adorable.”
The soft little moans against Dean’s dick were almost enough to have him shooting his load down Castiel’s throat, but he wanted more. Reluctantly he eased Cas off of his swollen member, and released his hold on the Angel’s hair.
When Dean came back to himself, he was sprawled against Castiel’s chest and the Angel was running his fingers through sweat-damp hair. One of his own arms had wrapped around the brunette’s back and the other was splayed against his side. He subconsciously ran his thumb across the Enochian inked into the warm skin. Maybe it was the afterglow or the fact that nobody had touched him like that in so long, but the hunter felt tears spring unbidden to his eyes. Castiel didn’t help matters by talking.
Dean could sense he was breaking through and he pressed the advantage. “This is real, Cas. WE are real, remember?” Dean whispered, his voice rough. “You were supposed to hand me over to Michael like all the others and you didn’t. You defied God for me and it literally saved the world. You became my friend, my family...” The words were choking him...why was it so hard to say three words? He grabbed the Angel by his biceps. “I need you, Cas. Don’t you understand? Goddamn it, I’ve always needed you.”
Dean relaxed his death grip on the chair and eased himself into the seat. He stared down the mountain of literature in front of him. He sighed as he reached for the top of the pile. The things he did for love… Cas better be grateful.
Sam held up a finger. He had his serious face on. Ho boy… “One, you’re Bi and I’ve been waiting literally years for you to realize it.” A second finger joined the first. “Two, I’m fine with it and have been for like...ever. You saved the world, Dean! More than once. You deserve to be with whoever or whatever makes you happy. And three, we’re gonna rescue your boyfriend from the Empty!”
Dean wasn’t giving up quite yet. He craned his neck slightly in an attempt to join their lips together again. “What my body needs is - “
“Get your sexy ass up here.” he husked. Castiel scrambled from his knees and despite the lack of attention, he was still rock hard and dripping. Dean licked his lips. He’d never blown a guy before but he always wondered what it would be like...the weight of it on his tongue, the tang of pre-come and the inhuman warmth of the Angel’s body against his lips... He was so turned on, even the thought of that ruddy cock in his mouth had his own dick twitching.
As consciousness slowly wormed its way through the fog of sleep, Dean Winchester became aware of three things.
“Not your sexual prowess, Dean, though all evidence points to the fact that your skills are undisputed. You, Dean Winchester. All that you are, is exquisite.”
Rowena chuckled. “The spell needs something significant to bind to, dear boy. It doesn’t just open the door. It will seek out yer missing Angel once you’re there. But it needs ta know unequivocally what it’s looking for. Or else who knows what it might lead ya to.”
“I swear! I didn’t see it...though now that I actually think about it…” He raked a hand through his hair roughly, “...I’m such an asshole…”
Dean growled. “I’m fine Sam.” And he was. He was more than fine. As his body came down from it’s grace-induced high, he realized all the little aches and pains that normally plagued him were gone. The twinge in his lower back, the ever present ache in his shoulders, even the dull throb in his knee from where he smacked it on the map table 2 days ago. Dean brushed off his brother’s hands and stood on his own. “I’m good. I’ve got this.”
“Like hell I do.” the hunter snarled “You don’t know a thing about what I want.” He tore his hands away from the Angel and Castiel mourned the loss of his touch but held firm despite the traitorous twitch of his hand.
“Dean, please. I want to - I need -. Please.” Dean couldn’t stop the possessive thrill as the Angel begged for him. He clutched at the Angel’s ass, bending him in half like it was nothing. The brunette closed his eyes and keened as the new angle trapped his neglected cock between their stomachs, allowing for a more direct assault on his prostate. He could feel the delicious heat in the pit of his stomach spike and instinctively locked his ankles around the hunter’s waist.
“I swear on my car, it’s me. Jack snapped everyone back after we powered down your old man - Jack’s the new G - O - D by the way - and we came up with a plan to get you back! You can thank Rowena when we get to the Bunker.”
The hunter felt the rumble against his lips more than he heard the actual words. “Mornin’, Angel. Didn’t think you needed sleep. Something must’ve worn you out pretty good last night.”
Dean couldn’t control the words coming out of his mouth as he husked into Castiel’s ear. “God you are gorgeous like this. So perfect.” The Angel’s desperate sob was his only answer. “Fuck, are you close? I haven’t even touched you. Jesus that is so fucking hot. You think you can come just like this? Gonna come on my cock, Cas? You gonna come for me like a good boy?”
Dean’s smile faded as the Angel pulled away. “Dean, I - I never dared hope that I would see you again. The real you. But I can’t go with you. I made the deal with the Empty knowing full well what it meant. The shadow won’t let me leave and besides this is where I’m meant to be. To finally atone for the things I’ve done...the people I’ve hurt. Especially you.”
Cas broke through Dean’s rambling, and Dean was never more grateful for the Angel’s impressive poker face. “What Dean is trying to say is that without a demonic focus it would be impossible to locate one within the Empty. But we have plans to release a few of my less vengeful brethren and will endeavor to make good on that promise. Now, if you don’t mind, Dean and I have some catching up to do.” He stepped closer to Dean, shoulder to shoulder as the witch sighed with exasperation.
Dean had once prided himself on his impressive stamina. He could always bring his partners to completion at least twice before he let himself go, but Castiel was wrecking him. The sight of those plush lips wrapped around his dick and the pretty blue eyes watching him from under dark lashes was his most fervent desire come to life. He tried to keep his control, tried to concentrate, but Cas’ tongue...oh his tongue, was too warm and wet and Dean was too sensitive. His brain was nothing but soft static. There was no room for anything in his thoughts. There’s only the feeling of this, and Dean was shivering as Cas explored, slowly licking and teasing until it felt like flames shooting up his spine and so much pressure inside that he might explode. The Angel was dragging his lips from the base to the head and back again with absolutely vulgar slurping sounds. He was going to come in record time and he wasn’t ready for this to be over yet.
Sam didn’t let go. “Easy there, tiger. Don’t get ahead of yourself. We need to come up with a plan.”
The hunter balled his hands into fists to keep from reaching for the Angel. “Cas, no. We are not doing the whole Purgatory thing again. Been there. Done that. Got the t-shirt. As the resident expert on self-loathing, I say you’ve been through enough. And this time I’m not leaving without you, man. I won’t.”
“If this is all I have of you, that’s okay. Because this agony is nothing new. Looking at you and wanting all the things I can never have is how I’ve lived for 12 years...what’s a few million more to a being like me? This is the place where I can be unholy. Where I can covet. Where I can want you. And I can pretend that you come here because you want me too. I can watch all those memories and tell myself it was worth it because now I don’t have to hide anymore. I can tell you that my love for you is etched into every fiber of my being. That your power over me is absolute. A glance from your eyes and I would shatter mountains, entire galaxies would be born anew with a kiss from your lips. 12 years with you made my entire lifetime worth living. Saving you gave my existence meaning. I look at your face, be it bloodied and beaten, or drained of all hope and you’re still beautiful. Still Dean Winchester.”
“I’m sorry I did not tell you earlier. I had assumed you knew about. . .” Cas said letting his voice trail off.
“Hm? Oh, nothing. Just a bird.” He dismissed, not liking the all of a sudden feeling of wrongness in the front of his brain.
Sam sat next to Dean in the front seat of the impala. Dean had been completely silent for the whole drive with a brooding look on his face. Sam noticed every fifteen minutes or so Dean would roll his neck or his shoulders, he was clearly sore. They had about twenty minutes left in their drive when Dean pulled Baby over.
He slowly pulled himself back into his body sitting up as he did so. He ran a hand through his hair and checked himself in the rearview mirror before going in. He would never admit it out loud, but every time he did whatever he just did his senses got a little better. And he will never admit that he almost didn't want to get rid of this ability, no matter what was causing it.
Sam sighed and rolled his eyes. Dean could have such a thick fucking skull at times, especially when it came to taking care of himself.
“Dean?” Sam asked small and apprehensively. Dean hadn’t heard that voice since Sam was little. It was the voice Sam used to use when he knew they were running out of money and had no idea when or if dad was coming back and he still asked Dean if they were going to turn out okay.
"No, I didn't find anything. Although the bartender believes Kevin the guy that lives two streets down is gay."
“So Cas how is this going to work. How is Dean supposed to ping his grace?” Sam asked, turning in his chair to face the angel.
“Okay, I’m getting in the shower then,” Sam said stepping back. Cas let out a breath he wasn’t aware he was holding as Sam walked into the bathroom.
“Seraphs, in order for them to protect the human and the angel race needed to be able to withstand an attack from an archangel,” Cas said hesitantly glancing at Dean. Dean trying his best to seem clueless.
"Fine" Dean grabbed his shirt and closed the bathroom. As soon as he complied with the already annoyed Sam he felt most of the anger dissipate from the buzzing mass in his skull.
“I couldn’t sleep, so Cas used his grace or whatever to put me to sleep. I had no damn control of what he did after that. He probably thought he was comforting me! Dudes awkward, you know this.”
“Okay, I’m just gonna run out and grab a slice. I’ll be back in a few.” Sam said leaving Cas and Dean in silence.
"So I'm guessing we can rule out cursed object then," Dean said using the antenna on the EMF reader to scratch along the length of his shoulder blade.
Sam left and shut the door behind him. Cas moved his gaze from the door to Dean, who was still staring at the same spot on the carpet. Deans had a distant look on his face, but Cas could feel the pain contorting and twisting within him. Dean started chewing on his lip when Cas spoke up. “Dean?” Dean looked up with those wide, impossibly green eyes.
“Cas are you joking? You’re telling me we’re on a time limit, and that we need to find something that’s almost impossible to find!” Sam yelled sitting up to the edge of his chair. Cas took a deep breath. This was news to both brothers and they weren’t going to like it tapping into it already.
He said fingering the cool metal flask in his hand. He unscrewed the top and held his breath as he poured the clear liquid onto his face. It rinsed the glass from his face, but there was no burn.
He lulled his head back and closed his eyes. Sam wasn't asleep yet, but he was almost there. He dried off and put on a tee-shirt and loose sweatpants. He turned off the bathroom light, slowly turned the handle, and quietly slipped out of the bathroom. He kept his neck twisted at an awkward angle to keep the left side of his face away from Sam the best he could. He slipped into bed and closed his eyes for the night.
"That's what it looks like, she has half a package of water in here with about a gallon of gas," Sam said looking into the backseat window, using his hand to shield the sun from his eyes.
"Remember you have to drive yourself back!" Sam called out as Dean shut the motel door behind him. He got in the impala and closed the door, he felt Sam relax slightly and smiled to himself.
He took a deep breath and honed in on Sam's essence. He felt worried, frustration, concern, fear, and suspicion bloom throughout the back of his skull. He began to worry about his brother, was he worried about the case, was he in danger? He lifted his head up and opened his eyes. As soon as he did the ringing subsided, and the buzzing quieted to a minimum. He picked up his phone and dialed Sam.
They found Cas waiting for them outside of the room number he sent them. Dean warily approaches Cas, trying his best to act natural. Cas stood and from where he was leaning on the door and greeted them with a nod.
He pulled his arms in around himself and cuddled into the mattress. He found his mind wandering to him and Cas the night before. He didn’t realize he had a soft smile on his face.
“We should be going. Time is of the essence.” Cas interrupted moving to put his hand on Dean’s shoulder.
“No, Dean is not a Nephilim but he is a type of angelic species,” Cas said giving the Winchester’s a moment to process the information after realizing they had no idea what was going on.
“Well, for one since you are a type of angelic species you will have wings,” Cas said rather quickly. Dean raised his eyebrows and pretended to be shocked. Which really wasn’t that hard because he was still in shock from when Sam told him.
"What am I what?" Dean asked. His face pulled in a slight grimace, still scraping the EMF in the same spot.
“Dean should have all the abilities of a normal angel, though I’m not sure what he will be capable of.”
“I don’t, I just-. I don’t know. I feel like I’m not me anymore. Like I’m, I don’t know, someone else?” Dean said hesitantly.  “Something else,” Dean said those last words slowly in a low strained voice. Cas could feel the pain rolling off Dean in waves.
“Well, we’ve already established that Dean knows how to tap into his grace, so half the battle is already over. And Sam, I believe it would be easiest if I were to take Dean somewhere remote away from people, so there aren’t too many different energy signatures around.” Cas explained, then turned to Dean. “Is that alright with you Dean?”
"Yes, now I'm gonna go do some research." Dean gave him a wink a slung his leather jacket over his shoulder.
“No Cas how can you say that. I’m not human. Apparently, I never was, and you just want me to accept that and become a full-blown s-“ Dean cut himself off. Not because he couldn’t remember the name, but because he couldn’t accept it. Cas pulled Dean towards his chest resting Dean’s head on his shoulder. Sam left to get some air. Dean nuzzled his face into the crock of Cas’s neck and began to cry. Cas just sat there rubbing his hand along Dean’s back as silent sobs racked through his body. Cas could feel firm bone and muscle under Dean’s shirt along each side of his spine. He closed his eyes and sighed, he knew what it was and if Dean can’t deal with the current changes happening to him then this wasn’t going to go well either.
"No, Dean we don't know what this even is!" Dean stepped back at Sam's sudden outburst. Sam turned his back to him and folded his hands. Dean felt disgust and disappointment pound through the back of his head. "Cas, it’s Sam. Something is seriously wrong with Dean. You need to get down here now, this is important." Dean just hung his head in shame as he sat himself down on the foot of the bed. Not a second later Dean heard a flutter of wings. He looked up to see Cas. First, he looked to Sam probably because he wasn't too happy with being called down. Sam nodded his head at Dean without saying a word.
He thought flipping the flask over to see a cross engraved on the other side. He glanced in the mirror and dropped the flask, which clattered to the ground and began to spill out on the floor.
“Dean? Is this not the first time you’ve done that?” Dean put his hands in his pockets and look at the floor.
It felt like a layer of muscle and bone and stretched about a half-inch off his back. He ultimately decided on a hot shower to relax what felt like muscle along his back.
Dean slowly woke the next morning. He rolled over and extended his arm, only to have it fall onto nothing.
He knew exactly what he did, but he's been like this for what? Two? Maybe three days now, and it was already second nature.
"Dean, it looks like the glass friging exploded into your face, and you’re telling me it's nothing."
“Dean, why are you so ashamed of yourself?” Cas asked. Dean looked absolutely stunned. Like Cas had all but slapped him with the question.
“I suggest we get going the entire building’s lights have blown out.” Dean sighed and rubbed a hand over his face and went into the bathroom to collect his things as Sam started clearing trash and takeout boxes out of the kitchenette. Cas watched Dean from where he was standing. More importantly, he watched Dean’s soul. His soul was badly damaged already due to the delayed restoration of grace, but the outburst had put even more unnecessary strain on Dean’s soul.
“What Sammy?” Dean questioned carefully; truly not having a clue as to what had Sam on edge. Sam gave him a confused accusatory ‘You don’t know what I’m talking about’ look.
He shifted in his spot as well mimicking Dean’s uncomfortable mood. The entire booth had a tense and awkward tone to it. Cas finally cleared his throat and spoke up.
"Dean." That was all Cas could say. This was the first time he had ever seen the angel completely speechless. He crossed his arms over his chest and tried to make him look smaller, Cas just stood there completely stunned with eyes wide, if he wasn't scared before Cas' reaction sure as hell did the trick.
"Fine, guess I have to do this myself." He said sucking in a breath and bracing himself harder this time.
This is just Dean and Sam getting discussing the case and getting ready. ( I promise the next chapter will be out much faster than this one, I've already started writing it.)
"If it was a ghost then wouldn't the EMF pick it up?" Dean asked scratching the antenna slightly faster along his back.
"Maybe sweet 'Lil Ashley was being a bitch to their kid, so one or both of the parents hexed away her sanity."
Dean dropped himself into the diver’s side of the impala and sighed. Two hours in that sleazy bar and came up with absolute jack and a little squat. He wondered if Sam was still asleep. He focused in on Sam, he rolled his eyes up into his skull and leaned his head back as far as it could go. The fog and shifted from fog back to buzzing avian, and he felt Sam curled up under the covers with the laptop in front of him. Dean snapped himself back to his own consciousness and reached in his pocket for the keys. He stopped just before putting the keys in the ignition.
"Shit" he sighed leaning back in the bench seat. He really shouldn't do this in the parking lot of a seedy bar, but Sam was being such a mom lately he didn't know when he'd get another chance. Plus it would go away once they ganked whatever the hell is causing this.
“No Dean! I’m telling you the truth, the honest-to-god, straight up truth! The faster you accept that the easier this will all be.”
"Sam we are not calling Cas out of a fucking warzone just to ask him a stupid question, end of discussion!"
“I believe I can give you two tonight to process this, but we must begin first thing tomorrow.” Dean nodded closing his eyes and bringing his hand to his face.
The mood in their red plasticly booth was awkward and fragile. He and Cas sat next to each other across from Dean, who looked cold and a bit frightened sitting alone in his own booth. Dean put his hand on the back of his neck and rolled his shoulders a couple of times. He noticed from the look on Dean’s face that they were bothering him.
“So, how do I find this crypt?” Dean said looking down at his hands, not making eye contact with the men in front of him.
"Dean, what the hell happened?" He said taking Dean’s jaw in his hand and turned it to the right so that the cuts and glass fragments showed it the light. He had completely forgotten about it.
“Dean?” He said he wanted to prevent Dean from making up his mind. Dean looked up at him. Some part of Dean looked tired and broken. Something that he saw far too often in his older brother. “Dean, I was talking to Cas and there’s a way we can locate your grace.” Dean’s expression didn’t change, so he turned to Cas and nodded for him to continue.
“Dean, you are and will still be completely yourself. You will just be in a different physical form.” Dean nodded into Cas’ chest and tightened his arms around Cas’ waist. Cas pulled Dean closer in return. He rested his chin on Dean’s head.
"What's with the red clay?" Dean said pointing at the tires of the silver Subaru WRX parked in the driveway.
After a while, they had moved back on the bed. Cas was against the headboard with Dean still in his arms pressed against his chest, their legs intertwined.
He was able to quiet the ringing and after it dissipated he ran a hand through his hair and took a deep breath.  A cool night breeze blew through the abandoned lot. The muscles down Dean’s back tensed in response to the breeze blowing over him. 'What the hell is this?' Dean thought to himself as he pulled his jacket tighter around him. He began to walk back to the room and seriously thought about what was happening to him for the first time. It just started. It started in the motel room with the buzzing. Then he took his energy, or the things energy whatever the hell this was and just. He doesn't even know what he did he just did it. He didn't even know what it was, hell he still didn't know what it was. It was still there is was still in him. And it just kept going stronger, tapped into his senses, more than enhancing them. He could feel the molecules moving in everything he passed. Making him a freak. It sickens him knowing that whatever the hell this was, definitely wasn't human. 'This fucking case is unbelievable.' He thought to himself shaking his head.
"I don't know clean your plethora of guns, sharpen your knives, research on what the hell we're trying to hunt."
"So, there was nothing that wasn't already in the report. Two slit wrists down the length of the forearm and she bleed out."
Sam cautiously took one hand off the gun and reached behind him to search the duffle bag on the bed behind him; keeping a careful eye on his brother.
“Heya Cas,” Dean said with a slight waver in his voice. Cas turned and opened the motel door, both Winchester’s following him in. Cas sat on the small couch across from the beds and looked to Dean. Dean turned around and faced Cas. The angel had a look of guilt on his face. Dean sat at the foot of his bed and returned Cas’s stare. Sam saw the interaction between the two and excused himself.
