“Feel free to tell me while I work on my technique,” John said before his mouth, amazingly, blissfully, closed over the head of Sherlock’s cock and sucked, sucked, sucked.
“I want you to find out who did this,” John said, voice thick and gritty.  “Jason was only twenty-one.   Simon, his boyfriend, loved him so much. They met here. They worked reception because neither of them could bear to fuck anyone but each other.  Jason and Simon were so in love, Sherlock.  You need to find out who did this.  You need to do this for them.”
John opened his eyes blearily. Sherlock arched his back a little; an unspoken invitation. “What are we doing?” John asked. Sherlock watched John’s reflection shake his head as if it were made of stone.
“I can watch my own arse,” Nathan replied. He blinked slowly, provocatively. “But if there’s a bitchy street-kid diva inside me, there’s a dirty fuckin’ pimp in Peter Matthews. Does that answer your question?
“I see no reason why we should wait.” Sherlock lifted his teacup and blew on the still-too-hot liquid.
Mycroft frowned.  “No.  Doubles is a little common for my circles.” He offered Sherlock a brief smile.
Nathan nodded.  “What do you need to know?  I mean, Mark’s my boyfriend. I know he’s married, but he and I are an item and have been for a long time.  It was me that encouraged him to invest in this place.”
John found the man in the dim light. He still had a dick in each hand, but one of the men he caressed no longer noticed. He scratched at his neck, ripped at his shorts and gasped in distress.   Sex show forgotten, John made his way over to him.   Sonny finally noticed one of his punters was pained and he concentrated on the other man.
“I feel like I’ve been making fucking DVD’s forever,” Mary said. She was sitting in the same room as in the other videos.  “I don’t trust letters.  I faked a few of those in my time.”  Mary looked down.  John knew she was ashamed of her past.  He found himself giving the Mary on his computer a sympathetic smile.  “So, I’m stuck with these.” She shook her head.  “Forgive me, but I’m going to make some pretty big assumptions now.  The deal is that I reckon you and Sherlock might actually get your act together. I always knew you loved him and I also knew you fancied him. Who wouldn’t? The man’s gorgeous.  By the way, if you haven’t got together with him yet, get your fucking arse in gear, mate.”
“Is your hair wet?” Sherlock hadn’t even looked at John properly, so discomforted he was by everyday nudity.
“So you’ve decided that we’re staying here, then?” Sherlock handed John a towel and watched as he wrapped it around his waist.
“I could be wrong, but I’d guess that everyone was too busy fucking.” John raised an eyebrow and looked at Sherlock, who sighed.  “They all left, probably locked up afterwards and they’ve not been back since.  Yesterday was Sunday, perhaps they were shut.”
At any given moment Sherlock seemed to take up all the air and space in a room, but right now John was overwhelmed by him.  His chest against John’s back, the silk of his shirt running smoothly over the coarser wool of John’s jumper, his forehead brushing against the hair at the back of John’s head, curls tickling every time the met his ear, his breath warm against John’s neck.
Although John thought he knew the physicality of Sherlock Holmes fairly well by this point, after months of watching him chase criminals across London, throw himself dramatically down on the sofa in a huff, or step out of his bedroom half-dressed in a sheet. He knew the breadth of Sherlock’s shoulders, the lankiness of his limbs and the narrowness of his waist by sight. He did not, however, know how that body would feel pressed against his own.
“Although it may surprise you to find out that I am not, in fact, an expert in all fields, I am not well versed in comics.” He says, quirking a brow in a hint of humour despite the earnestness in his eyes as he proceeds with his comment on my work.  “However, regardless of my lack of familiarity with this medium, I think this --” he places his hand on the comic “-- is remarkable.”
Caught up in his mind, Sherlock had allowed the dull noise of conversation to wash over him until he was interrupted by the mention of his name.
On Sunday, I wake up groggy and out of sorts after a poor night’s sleep.  It’s tempting to stay in bed all day, but that would achieve nothing.  I’d just lay there stewing in my confusion, hurt, and anger from the last week.  Huffing out a long sigh, I heave myself out of my bed, shuffle into the loo to take a piss and then make my way to the kitchen for a cup of tea.
“Hi,” my brain supplies.  It comes out a bit breathless, just seeing him again throws me for a loop.
“And I would know you anywhere.” The admission landed heavily between them, and John didn’t dare look up from his study of the cup in his hands. Sherlock swiftly continued. “I wanted to write you immediately, but with journeying to Windsor and having so much to do before and after the funeral it was impossible. I vowed to write to you when returned to London and. . . and that is what I did.”
Closing my eyes, I force myself to count backwards from twenty so I don’t do something foolish, like throttle him.
came out.  Expecting another concerned text from Greg, I’m completely surprised when Sherlock’s name appears on my screen.  A small bubble of hope forms as I swipe my phone open, but it’s quickly popped as I read the message he’s sent.
Green Park was quite dark at this time of night, lit only by the streetlamps along the edges and the headlights of cars as they passed.  Thankfully, it was also a clear night so his path was aided by the light of the moon.  As he crossed through the row of poplar trees that separated the park from the buildings along the northeast edge, he picked up the sound of heavy footsteps on the pavement behind him.  His heart leapt in his chest and Sherlock took off through the dark.
Setting the groceries down on the coffee table, I shrug out of my jacket and toss it over the arm of the sofa.  He’s watching me, hesitant and unsure, which results in my determination ebbing slightly.  I shove my hands in my pockets and rub the toes of my right foot across the grain of the carpet.
Embarrassment and anger bubble up inside of me and I clench my fists as if to physically restrain myself from responding with equal venom.  It’s a challenge to stay quiet, but I force myself to remember that this is his night and that this is not the time to start a fight.
One of the women made a soft noise and he dragged his attention back to the pair.  They were now inconsequential and he walked away swiftly, eyes darting between the door in the corner and Mycroft, who, thankfully, was still engaged in conversation with a small group of nobles and Army officers across the room.
“Yes, you played your part very formidably, Mycroft.  Well done, and my heartiest congratulations to you for your role in winning the war.”
As if reading my mind, Sherlock whispers in my ear, “They’re a couple, that man and woman, and they’ve lived in their house overlooking these gardens for twenty years.  She comes out here during the daytime to sit on one of the benches and read while he’s at work -- lawyer, prosperous firm.  When the weather’s nice, they frequently go for an evening stroll, knowing they’ll have the garden to themselves.  And when they first were married, they carved their initials into one of the trees as a testament to their love.”
“Hire a good manager and lawyer.”  Sherlock’s response is delivered deadpan, but both Charlie and Naga laugh.  Sherlock’s lips twist into a forced smile and he continues, “And remind yourself that it’s all fleeting.  Regardless of what is promised to you, know that it can all be taken away in the blink of an eye.”
“Oh, John!  This is for you!”  Harry rushes into the hall and passes me an A4 envelope, before giving me a final hug and whispering loudly, “I’m sorry if I embarrass you, Johnny.  Love you!”  She goes to rejoin the others, and then pauses at the door.  “Oi, Sherlock!  Marry Johnny so we can be sisters!” she shouts, cackling as she escapes back into the sitting room.
“And Candlar is a pimp for Daniels’ drugs.” Piero’s eyes filled with tears.  “Once Fabby found drugs, I lost him.  He needed money and he knew how to earn it.  And then I was stuck in London and so I went back to what I knew also.”
Sherlock climbed onto the bed and urged John to lift his legs and hips. Sticky slick oozed from John’s hole and, when Sherlock pushed a finger inside, he was open and ready. All the same, Sherlock pulled out and inserted two fingers. John’s body drew Sherlock in and in.
“Always.” In seconds, John’s fly was unzipped, and Sherlock slipped a hand inside. “John!” Sherlock opened his eyes wide in shock.
“Indeed,” Charles agreed. “John was fond of a few of my boys.” He laughed at his own joke.  “I am sorry, Dr Watson.  I couldn’t resist. Your next visit here will, of course, be on the house.”
John coughed into laughter. “Tosser,” he mumbled.  He let Sherlock undress him.  John’s arms felt heavy.  Now his adrenalin levels were back to normal, the effort of CPR ached in his shoulders and forearms.   The gunshot wound in his bad shoulder throbbed.
“Well,” John said. “It’s up to you, but I thought I might see if Rosie will go back to sleep for an hour or so with a clean nappy. Then, I could take you back to bed and try out my blow job technique.”
John watched him.  He got to his feet, climbed out of the bath and offered Sherlock a towel. He wasn’t surprised that Sherlock kept his back to him.  He patted Sherlock’s bum and opened the bathroom door. “Fancy a cuppa before bed?”
To me, this song fits. It's about the breakdown of a relationship.  I see this as John and Sherlock before the fall, and John dealing with it.  You can replace Mary with Sherlock, to some extent.  And it has a lovely tune.  To paraphrase a Tim Buckley album title, the music alone is Happy Sad.
Sherlock, who was logged onto his laptop, looked up.  He was unearthly in his black shirt, sitting in front of the window, with a glowing halo created by the bright sun around him.  “It’s just shamming, John,” he said at last. “You know that.”
“Let me help,” John said and lubed up his own hand too. Then he entwined his fingers with Sherlock’s to create a snug channel for both of their cocks to pass through. Sherlock could thrust into the channel, against John’s cock and it felt filthy and fabulous.
“Far easier to conceal cord than stiff wire,” Sherlock agreed.   He’d focussed on a large calendar taped to the office wall.  “John,” he said pointing to a date, three days hence.
The stresses of the day had been hard on Rosie and she grizzled until she finally fell into a deep sleep.  Sherlock unpacked a little, then sat down and watched her as she snuggled into the soft sheets on her temporary bed.  Sherlock wasn’t sure when she’d become an essential to his life.   She and John were often the first thing he thought of when he awoke and the last before he slept.  He was excited by the thought of teaching her, playing with her, being with her.  Her life was his pleasure; to be a part of it seemed as essential to his well-being as taking each breath.  When was the moment that Rosie became a component of what made him Sherlock Holmes?
When he looked at her, Sherlock could see the fair hair reminiscent of both her parents.  Her chin, nose and cheekbones looked similar to Mary’s but her lips, fulcrum and her eyes looked more like John.  She was a beautiful combination.  In terms of personality, Rosie had John’s temper and Mary’s relaxed and easy sense of humour.
“John and I are both middle-aged men. Every time we touch each other it’s with hands that touched all our previous lovers. That’s just the way it is.  Except, of course, that after six weeks or so, every skin cell will be entirely new.  Not one little bit of skin that you touched will remain.  I suspect that in six weeks, or six years, I will still know John Watson. You will not. Might we move on now?”
Sherlock nodded.    He stole a quick look at John, who’d already started pulling on a blue forensics suit so he could examine the body.   Sherlock took a breath and stepped down into the bed-pit.   Brandon’s body had no obvious sign of trauma, but his lips were swollen and there were blue blotches at the edges.  Sherlock slipped on some latex gloves and waited for John to climb down beside him.   He opened the victim’s mouth.   John flicked on his medical torch.
“Mary was your sister?”  John asked.  His heart was beating out of his chest.  He’d been so sure that Tyler was a lover or a husband or an assassin or something awful.
, that it meant his friend had just fallen apart inside.  John knew he was lying and blaming Sherlock for things that were his fault, only his fault, but the truth was too much, far too fucking much.  All of it had crashed in and he didn’t know how not to betray Mary or Sherlock.
“Might I interrupt?” Mycroft said.  “I was compelled by the Official Secrets Act not to advise you that Mr Tyler is, indeed, now a Europol agent. Indeed, you cannot tell anyone yourself. I need you to sign this document.” Mycroft put the paper on the table. “This confirms that you will not speak of Mr Tyler’s role at Europol. When you all sign this then we can speak more.”
“But he isn’t you,” John replied.  “He was practice.  An experiment.  I couldn’t do that to you.”  John squeezed Sherlock’s bicep. It was firm, lean.  John hoped he’d stopped squeezing before it got creepy.
Anyway, I hope you enjoy.  Comments absolutely will be loved this time, because I am a pre-menstrual monster who is on a diet.  I might be middle-aged, but how the hell do you get through PMT without chocolate?  Mind you, my girlfriend bought me Reese's peanut butter hearts for Valentine's day, and I found them and ate them yesterday.  It's all going dreadfully well.
Nathan Drake responded quickly to Piero’s text and offered John and Sherlock, under their assumed names, a slot at three that afternoon.  It was a little sooner than they expected.  They went to a pub for lunch to decide what sexual problem to choose to discuss with Drake.
Sherlock shook his head.  Wiggins was a chemist, almost an artist. Whoever had made the drugs Fabian used didn’t care who they hurt.
“It’s fine,” John replied.  “We’ve both got bullet wounds to our upper body. Mine’s a bit nastier than yours, but you’ve got those other scars.”
The cab journey home was quiet.  John hadn’t spoken much all evening, even with Rosie. As a result, her mood had turned fractious and it was later than normal when she finally slept.  John went up to her the final time before she settled. That gave Sherlock time to run them a bath. He dropped lit tea-lights inside his scientific beakers and put them around the room. When John’s foot hit the bottom step of the stairs, Sherlock led him into the bathroom.
John’s mouth felt dry and he swallowed before he could speak.  “Sure,” he replied. He followed Sherlock to the reception desk.
“The same reason you didn’t tell me that you were going to nominate us for this little undercover operation.” John raised an eyebrow.
Mycroft is relieved, Mark Tyler is happy, John is surprised (by who Tyler is) and Sherlock is a rabbit in the headlights.
“I’m going for a fag,” Lestrade announced. “You could cut the sexual tension in here with a bloody rolling pin. Try not to be in that bed by the time I get back.” He motioned to the bed pit.
“Yeah,” John said, embarrassed. “Sherlock’s my boyfriend. His brother is, well, he’s part of the government, sort of thing.”
“We will share intimacy during your heat, John,” Sherlock said. He tried to maintain his slightly aloof expression for as long as he could. “We will do whatever is required to make your heat a successful and satisfying one.” Sherlock paused. John nodded. “Afterwards, do you have any expectation or desire for such intimacy to continue?”
A group of twelve men entered the blackout area at once.  He barely had time to warn Sherlock and John before they were in.  All of them went to the main room and Sherlock and John started to kiss. Again.
Oh, and all resemblance there may be to the actual British Prime Minister and my fictional Prime Minister are entirely coincidental.
“It’s most unsettling, brother dear, that Dr Watson has chosen to do his disappearing act now.” Mycroft put the letter down.  “The case is coming to a crucial stage. It’s hardly good timing.”
The water in the bath was still warm. Sherlock ducked half his body beneath the fragrant surface, then submerged himself entirely. The silky water embraced him, wrapping him in velvety heat until he felt claustrophobic. Sherlock exhaled in a flurry of bubbles, then sat up. He picked out shampoo and shower gel from a collection of bottles on a low shelf, then soaped up his hair, face and body. Sherlock laid back into the clinging water and rinsed away the lather. Sherlock was clean and relaxed when John walked back in with the rattling breakfast trolley.
“I’m here now.” Ian had stroked Sherlock’s chest and tugged one of Sherlock’s nipples into a hard, wrinkled nub. The affection, the eroticism of the gesture was almost too much.
John Watson was thoroughly bored of Fabian Bouchard.  He wondered what he’d ever seen in him.  Bouchard was short, irritating and incredibly clingy. His pupils were huge.  John assumed it was due to the amount of sex he had.  Fabian didn’t wear enough clothes either. He was standing with a short dressing gown on and was clearly naked beneath.
Before Sherlock and John left the club, they went to see Simon to find out where Langridge’s got their lubricant and who had access to it.  John was sure that the lube he’d used at the club was a different brand to the one that killed Cox.  Simon confirmed it.
“I want you to look for any books with notations, anything strange, papers shoved inside books, any hidden compartments,” Sherlock demanded.  “Go through the drawers then and look for money, links to Portugal, drugs, anything that makes you twitch.”
Thanks to Lockedinjohnlock for proof-reading. Any other mistakes that remain are mine, mine, all mine.
, John. You will always be her father and she will always love you, but the rest of us can share your burden. Rosie likes the violin. She likes to sit and play while I make her breakfast. She likes to draw pictures with Mrs Hudson.  She even likes a bit of Iron Maiden. She thinks Molly is hilarious and she likes to benignly batter her cat. But, she also loves playing and reading with her daddy. She loves bath times because she gets you all to herself. She likes to play with your stethoscope and pull your ears. All of those things make up Rosie Watson’s life and none of them will change because you have sex with me.”
“You know what, Sally, I fucking hate this case.” John sat down at the conference table inside the room.  “I hate everything about it.”
“Lestrade, you wanted me to question Mr Brioche?”  Sherlock clenched around his blushes like sediment turning to stone.
Sherlock was still taking his pulse. His eyes were closed. He was worried that his brain might begin to dribble out of his ears.
There, without the intoxicating red mist of the Alpha, Sherlock found pure bliss, surrounded by John Watson, inside and out. Their conjoined scent spiralled into the air between them. Sherlock Holmes, the great detective, dismissed love as a weakness, but he wasn’t able to disregard the chemistry of his and John’s essence, which merged and made them both something different, something new. Sherlock met John’s eye, licked his own palm and took John’s cock in his hand. Seamlessly, he picked up John’s rhythm and Sherlock’s knot swelled as their words became broken, formless cries.
John almost jumped in and pointed out that Sherlock wasn’t up to being bummed full stop, but since that rather invalidated his argument regarding the invasion of privacy, he didn’t.  He did, however, sigh.
“I’m sorry I didn’t wait longer,” John said.  “I worried it was indecent or something but God, Mary, I love him.”
“You ought to go.” Sherlock’s voice cracked appallingly. Until that moment, he hadn’t realised he was on the verge of tears. “Check on Rosie.” His final word was a half-missed whisper.
Sherlock’s skin seemed to blaze with cold fire in response. His heart rate changed. Instead of focusing on the people around them, Sherlock was trapped inside a body desperate for release.
Until that moment, the experience of being in the blackout room had been rather dull.  Sherlock wished he could take that boredom back.  John was only his second real lover.  Sherlock had researched, prepared and was confident with the deductions he made about what John would like. As a result, Sherlock hadn’t experienced anything remotely like performance anxiety. Surrounded by rutting, animalistic men, Sherlock’s confidence, even faked, crumbled.
“Fine.” Sherlock really didn’t want to be alone.  “I don’t suppose you’re intending to drug me with sedatives to make it bearable?”
Before Sherlock could think in more detail, he heard the tell-tale sounds of a hospital bed being wheeled into the adjoining room.   He stood in the doorway, unwilling to interfere with the medical staff who moved John’s bed into place and positioned his drip and heart monitor.  John was semi-conscious.  He tilted his head towards Sherlock, gave him a confused look and smiled.
"If anything happens to you, even if we're married, she won't automatically end up with me. I'm still not sure she should."
The last door was marked “No entry” and was located at the far end of the corridor on the left.  The door was locked, which Sherlock remedied.  Inside, the small room contained a chair, slim desk and a bank of monitors that relayed security camera feeds from all the rooms in the blackout area.
John laughed. “It doesn’t have to be rubbish.” He curled his hand around Sherlock’s cock lightly and gave it a gentle tug.   “If you’ve researched, then you have an idea of what you want.” He leaned close to Sherlock’s ear and lowered his voice. “Tell me.”
“Yes, God, yes.” Sherlock’s voice was barely an exhale.  His hand slipped down John’s face and he stroked the lips stretched around him.  Saliva gathered and dripped from the corners of John’s mouth.  “You look so amazing like this, doctor.”
“Agreed.” Mycroft put his empty cup and the file down on the coffee table.   “You can deduce the rest from here?”
“Are you making me think about lots of toned army men indulging in lots of illicit sex on purpose?”  Sherlock moved his head to let John reach all areas of his scalp.  “If you say things like that to me, you have to make good on the fantasies you fill my head with.”
“I work as a scientist,” Sherlock added.  “At Bart’s. I tend to be quite scientific in my thinking, as a result.  Colin’s a doctor. We both think in a scientific way.”
“A way in,” Tyler replied.  “I set up Les in business, so we could launder for the Marquês. It’s not her fault.  It was my job to infiltrate the Marquês’ organisation again, to build up trust. I started low. I’d infiltrated Doubles and took in a few boys trafficked for use in sex work.  Those lads are safe now.  When I found out Daniels was involved, I tried to get involved in Langridge’s to find out if they were doing the same.  Charles is clean but some of the men who work at Langridge’s certainly aren’t.”
“What do you mean?” Sherlock pushed past them and sat down on the bed.  He’d researched Nathan Drake and knew he wasn’t a key player.
At home in 221B, Sherlock’s hips arched off the bed.  His hand was a blur on his cock and he turned his head to bite his pillow rather than moan.
John lay Rosie down. She grabbed his ear and clung on. He pulled away from her and crept to the door, then turned out the light and bundled Sherlock downstairs.  They stood in the living room and waited.
.   They seem to be the basis of the money laundering operation. I’ve researched them extensively and can’t find a link to anyone, let alone the Marquês.  However, I also looked in her contacts and noticed that she has a gentleman called Jamie Reid in there.”
“Our membership figures have increased since Simon and Jason took over reception. And they had ideas for monthly membership deals and taster evenings, where people could sample what the club has to offer.  I can’t tell you exact figures, Mr Holmes, but Simon and Jason have probably brought more money into the club as receptionists than they ever did as entertainers.”
Sherlock put his laptop aside and walked into the kitchen. John was making sandwiches and salad. Sherlock stole a tomato and took a bite.  He chewed and then spoke. “I’m not sure about public sex. I reacted to Fabian because he prepared himself and it reminded me of a fantasy of you that I enjoyed. I told you about it. You were preparing yourself for me; the audience was an irrelevance.”
He’s made his choice then, and I feel like I’ve been played for a fool.  A couple dates with a pretty actor and I’ve been mesmerised by the butterflies in my stomach and glittering fantasies to the point that I forgot who I am and what my ordinary life is like.
It’s a kiss of longing and tenderness and desire.  Sherlock is holding me so tightly it’s hard to breathe and he’s making small, needy mewling sounds that cause my heart to ache for him.  He’s also rutting against me, but between the weight of him pinning me down, the suffocating duvet and the fact that he’s still wearing his tux, I suddenly feel completely trapped and desperate to get my hands on him.
“Yes, well, it’s in the past.”  He flapped a dismissive hand to distract from the flush he was certain was creeping up his cheeks. “Come on, John.  I need a better vantage point.”
“You two are disgusting.  Honestly, I think my teeth just rotted in my skull from how over the top sweet you are.”  Sally’s arms are crossed and she’s shaking her head, but her expression reads fond.
“Give us a minute, yeah?” I say to Armon and wait until he departs, closing the door with a soft click behind him, before approaching Sherlock.  His shirt is pristinely white and I’m afraid to touch it, so instead I settle my hands on his hips, just below his own, and rest my forehead against the back of his neck.  At the touch, he exhales deeply, and we stand like that for a moment, my breath synching with his.
It was a dangerous thought. He could feel himself succumbing to Sherlock’s intoxicating presence, ready to run, fight or laugh with the slightest indication from the man opposite him. Sherlock’s gravitational pull would be too strong and John would be too willingly trapped in his orbit. But that could only end in heartache.
Once it’s done and after the coffee has brewed in the cafetiere, I compile a tray with our breakfast things and bring it through to the sitting room, placing it on the coffee table.  Then I steel myself to return to the bedroom to receive Sherlock's review of my comic.
John looked down at the soldier. His face was pale and covered with a sheen of sweat, and his wrist, where John still held it to track his pulse, was clammy. He looked like hell, really. “It seems unlikely, but I suppose it isn’t impossible.”
Small talk. Sherlock was making small talk. It seemed incongruous, and maddening, but it would also be impolite not to answer. John set down his cup on its saucer. “Yes, they needed an old cripple like me to look after the hospital.”
In response, Sherlock scrunched his nose up and gave it an adorable little wiggle. John smothered a giggle at the sight and Sherlock grinned up at him, pleased.
Sherlock pauses briefly, apparently refreshing the line in his mind, before reciting, “Ačkoli se dny cítily nekonečné a naše šance byly malé, udělali jsme to, mou lásku, vlastní srdce.”
“Listen, I’ll send some guys around for a statement and to get a description of the guy.  Maybe we can still track him down.  Are you thinking about keeping the shop open this afternoon?  Maybe you should lock up until the unit arrives.”
“No, our arrival will be on our terms.” Sherlock said, pulling out his pocket watch. “We shall be there by two o’clock and no earlier. You cannot return to the Ritz and travel to the barracks before then anyway. If that is all, John and I will be on our way.”
It’s a short walk to the restaurant, which is located on a side-street, away from some of the main foot traffic in the area.  It’s a charming hole-in-the-wall Italian place, the kind you’d easily walk pass if you didn’t know it was there -- how did Sherlock discover it in the first place?  Upon pulling open the door, I’m greeted by the tantalising smells of garlic and basil and my mouth waters.
I sigh and decide to give her the abbreviated version.  “He suddenly appeared at the door after I'd closed for the night, he asked if he could stay with me because the press were hounding him, so he’s been crashing at my flat for the last couple days.  He explained a bit about what happened over the summer and then last night he bought me dinner and asked if I might consider liking him again.”
With a nod, Walters continued fussing, adding a heaping teaspoon of sugar to Sherlock’s before placing the cups of tea at their elbows and wheeling the trolley away to rest near the wall.
“He did.”  Sherlock’s tone is icy.  I’m reminded of how he reacted to Anderson the first day we met, and I want nothing more than to head off any altercation.
“Crazy about Sherlock Holmes, isn’t it?” he asks, mid-morning when we’re between customers.  He’s flipping through a tattered copy of the Metro, where Sherlock’s face is, of course, splashed across the front page.
His brother knew how to strike a nerve.  Five years his senior, Mycroft had spent the war as a Lieutenant of the British Army, only a ceremonial position, but one that allowed him to shadow the King and actual military commanders as they devised strategies, deployed troops, and whatever else they did behind the doors that were closed to Sherlock.
I shake my head in disgust and turn the pages, continuing to scan headlines at random and ignoring the puzzle section completely.   Near the back of the paper, I’m confronted with a photograph of Sherlock accompanied by a short news story.  He’s climbing out of a car, dressed in his long, dark coat and waving stiffly at the photographer and, I’m assuming, a crowd of his adoring fans.  The headline reads:
Run-in with Sherlock Holmes aside, the future of my shop is up in the air.  I’ve put off thinking about it for months now, but I think it’s time to admit that we’re a sinking ship and we’re going down quickly.  Not that it’s too surprising, really, with me and the world’s worst shop assistant at the helm.  But if we fold, which is looking more likely, I have no bloody clue what to do with my life.  The future is just a grey mist on the horizon, blurring any and all potential plans beyond recognition.
I play with my empty whisky glass and clear my throat.  “Some news broke today, apparently, and the press are after him, so he was looking for some place they wouldn’t find him.”
John had just taken a sip and startled at Sherlock’s loud and urgent question.  It was now his turn to splutter and cough. He blinked up at Sherlock.  John’s lack of response made Sherlock suddenly uncertain.  Had he been too forward?  He shifted his weight to his left foot, away from John, and cut his gaze out over the crowd before glancing back at the man on his right.
“Ah, of course,” the man says, lips pulling into a pursed half-smile.  “Some might call you brave, but I have found that the bravest of men can be the stupidest, especially when it comes to self-preservation,” he pauses as though gauging my reaction, and I try to keep my face blank.  “Mr. Watson, you have not heeded my warnings thus far so I thought it might be better to deliver another in person.”
“Well, I wasn’t going to write a novel -- not enough patience for that, but I’ve always loved comic books and I thought I would be able to tackle that format.  It was something that was accessible enough to grab my attention and allowed for enough freedom to make it work for me.  And, after awhile, I got a little buzz at the thought of creating something like all my favourite comics from childhood.”  I shrug, slightly embarrassed by the admission.
With a grin, Sherlock hands back the envelope and sets off down the loose gravel path in front of us and I jog to catch up with him, blast his stupidly long legs.
“Hey, Johnny,” Greg says as they approach the counter, reaching his free right hand out to me to shake.
That’s a bizarre notion to consider really.  I don’t even know if my mates like me that much -- sometimes I wouldn’t be surprised if they’re merely putting up with me, especially lately.  And besides, would Sherlock Holmes actually like an ordinary person like me?  We seem to be different species, possibly even from different kingdoms farther up the taxonomic rank, too far removed to have any of the same biologic functions.
Not backing down, John maintained eye contact until Sherlock gave a jerky nod and said, “My apologies.”
“It will only continue to spread,” Mycroft says, mouth pursed in annoyance.  “What are you going to do about it?”
There was a strict timetable for the day’s activities and John was due at his post along the funeral procession route at half-six. Even with rising early, he would need to be swift with his own preparations if he was to make it across the city from his small cottage next to the hospital to Piccadilly.
“Yes, it was just fine, Anderson.  Thanks.  How about you?” I reply.   I refocus on the list in front of me like I’d actually been working when he’d entered in hopes that it will keep this conversation short, but Anderson is oblivious.  My question sets him off on a detailed explanation of his weekend exploits.
He stayed close to the trees, not wanting to move along the paths as they would leave him out in the open.  He paused briefly to listen for further footsteps and when there were none, he cursed the grass for dampening any sound.  He considered his options.  While the trees formed a ninety degree turn to the left, if he followed them, he would end up back at the Mall and Buckingham Palace.  While the crowds would be lively, he thought it best to remain as far from the Palace and its guards as possible.  Instead he continued straight on, crossing the path that led directly to the Victoria Memorial and skirted the edge of Piccadilly.
It had only been a momentary pause, but John had to force his feet to move again and leave behind those rogue thoughts there on the doorstep. They retraced their steps back up to the parlour and Sherlock led them to a pair of armchairs situated in front of the fireplace. John sat, still all too aware of the feeling of Sherlock’s hand upon his back long after Walters had brought through a fresh pot of tea.
After dinner, we spend the next few hours in front of the television, watching a mindless string of programmes on Channel 4.  At some point, Sherlock lays down, his head in my lap and his feet dangling over the far arm of the sofa.  Unerringly, my fingers find their way to his curls, combing through them and tracing along his scalp.  He shifts under the touch and sighs, his eyes remaining focused on whatever nonsense is happening on the screen.
I shift up in the bed so I can look him in the eye.  “Pretend I didn’t say all that rubbish just now and ask me again.”
John tumbled the name around his head for a moment.  Sherlock?  Odd.  “John,” he replied, “John Watson.”
Sherlock takes the proffered package of biscuits, studies them for a moment, and then looks at me, eyes glinting with mischief.  “Can ‘Hobnob’ be a euphemism this time?”
Although he had meant it as a joke, Sherlock did not appear to take it as such. Worry creased his forehead as he said, “It was an invitation, not a summons. You would have been free to refuse!”
“It will be infinitely better than whatever that was you were eating yesterday,” Sherlock says as I hand my menu over to Angelo.
The fingers around his arms tightened as the Colonel spoke. John desperately wanted to shake them off, but he wasn't going to allow the pathetic man in front of him see his anger. What were the fucking odds that they'd run into him again tonight? Lifting his chin, he glared at the Colonel and waited.
“Greg, hi!”  This is a surprise.  Glancing over his shoulder, I see his partner standing at the door, impatiently waiting for him.  Clearly they’re on patrol so this is just a quick visit.
“I think it’s time you left, as well.  Goodbye, Sally,” Sherlock says as he starts to herd her out of the flat.  She grabs her handbag from the floor next to the coffee table as she passes, stumbling slightly and Sherlock only just lets her regain her balance before she’s pushed into the corridor and towards the front door.
Once out on the stair, I close the door behind me, effectively cutting off the noise of all the people inside.  The sudden silence leaves me feeling wrong-footed and alone, a reminder that I am an outsider in this world.  With one final glance at the closed door, I knock my fist against the balustrade and then jog down the steps to make my way home.  Mrs Hudson must have been listening because as soon as I reach the bottom, she’s at her door.
John shook his head. “Sherlock, stop.” Addressing the young soldier, he said, “Your friend will be okay, Private, but he does need medical care.”
He was dancing with Sherlock to a pop song in the kitchen.  It would have been laughably surreal if he wasn't hyper aware of the fact that his arse was grinding against Sherlock’s groin, pinned in place by those strong hands.  John was gripping the counter in front of him, as if that soapy, chipped formica was all that was keeping him from floating away.  He forced himself to relax his hands and allowed his head to loll to the beat. John shivered as warm lips pressed lightly against the back of his neck.
The song was building to the end.  John found himself closing his eyes and biting his lower lip, all pretence of washing the dishes gone as he danced in the kitchen.  The singer moved into another round of the chorus and John sang along with him, the words simple enough to pick up after hearing them a handful of times.
The brothers stared at each other for a few seconds, communicating in minute expressions that only they could interpret. John glanced back and forth between them attempting to understand, but it all happened too quickly.
I turn on the TV and we spend the next couple hours flipping through stations until we settle on the latest James Bond installment.  Sherlock snorts repeatedly throughout the film, but it’s less derisive than during the various reality programmes that we’d watched earlier.  Eventually, I find myself yawning, so I pack up the leftovers and make room for them in the refrigerator.  Then I dig out some spare blankets and pillows and, so that he has something to wear to bed, a pair of flannel pyjama pants and a t-shirt, despite the fact that they’ll be too small for him.
“No, I will not be purchasing anything from you today.”  His gaze rakes over me, pausing at my shoulder.  “Perhaps you should sit, Mr. Watson, your old war injuries must be causing you some pain in this weather.”
“I would disappear into the labyrinth of London,” Sherlock stated definitely. “I want to get to know the truth of this place, breathe it in—feel every quiver of its beating heart.”
It’s odd to go about your normal, day-to-day tasks after something extraordinary has happened.  I’ve been staring at a list of titles to be ordered since I arrived at the shop earlier this morning like it’s suddenly written in a foreign language.  I’ve made thousands of orders before and now my brain seems to have omitted the process.
Sherlock shrugged.  “Do you actually believe what the King was saying in his speech tonight?  Did no part of it seem false or hypocritical to you, considering the difference between his station and that of those people in the pub?”
Laughing, I say, “I don’t know, Sherlock.  I’ll probably be doing my usual -- close up the shop, order a takeaway and settle in with a good book.  Why, what have you got on?”
While my brain is buzzing along in a state of simultaneous contentment and excitement, Sherlock sleeps on, every once in a while snuffling adorably in his sleep.  He’s sprawled on his stomach, one leg thrown over mine, left arm draped across me and his long fingers curled around my right bicep where it rests against the duvet.  Every inch of him is gloriously naked and my fingers itch to explore the soft expanses of skin again, our exploits of last night already feeling long ago.  I trail my left hand across his shoulder, over the planes of his back, dipping into the dimples at the bottom of his spine, and then retrace the journey back up until my fingers are buried his tangled nest of curls.
“Yes, please.”  The thing I like about Janine is that she seems happy to carry most of the conversation with minimal input from me.  My lack of enthusiasm does nothing to stop the onslaught of chatter that comes my way any time I enter the coffeeshop.
He pulled back just far enough so he could look Sherlock in the eye for the first time since he had entered the kitchen. “I’ll dance with you. Whenever you want.”
“Concerned for whom?  Seems to me like you’re sticking your nose in where it doesn’t belong, mate.”  He grimaces at being called ‘mate’ and I give myself a mental high-five.
I wonder who he’s referring to, who’s in the inner circle of Sherlock’s life?  He doesn’t expand up on that thought, however, so I don’t ask.  We continue walking along Elgin Crescent, passing house after house, some with warm lights shining through the windows, indicative of the life inside them, others are dark and still.  We don’t seem to have a destination in mind, turning left onto Rosmead Road at random, both of us content to just meander.
We drift like that for awhile, Sherlock seeming to get heavier on top of me as he relaxes.  I can tell he’s not asleep though, so I ask, “How’d it go?”
Sherlock was pleased to note the flush that crept up John’s neck at his comment. John coughed into his fist and refused to look at Sherlock for a moment. Finally, he turned and said, continuing their previous conversation, “It’s the Lindy Hop, I think. I’ve always been a shite dancer though so I can’t be sure.”
As always, thank you so much for your comments and kudos so far -- you're all amazing and have truly spurred me on in writing this fic.  I hope you continue to enjoy it!  :)
At this hour, even on VE Day, the roads were remarkably quiet, with only a few military vehicles, delivery lorries and taxis out. It meant that the drive to Buckingham Palace seemed to take no time at all. They were approaching the walled gardens behind the palace when Sherlock slid his hand across the seat and linked his pinkie around John’s where it rested on the seat between them.
This response makes me roll my eyes and huff out a laugh.  《Yeah, right.  But yes, lamb biryani, please.  And some saag paneer and garlic naan to share?⟫
“I know, John. It is fair to say that I do not know what it is like to experience those things firsthand, but I realise the majority of the people living in this world are not so lucky to live in palaces with a host of servants and the promise of delicious feasts and frivolous entertainment. I know that, and perhaps I could do something to alleviate the strife.”
They tiptoed down the stair and John, remembering the sound the door had made when they’d entered, gently eased it back, all in an effort not to wake Mrs Hudson again.
In the end, it’s Sherlock’s calm certainty that propels me to move past my nerves and refocus on him, on making him feel good.  His hands slide across my shoulders, pulling me closer, and I slide slowly into him until I’m surrounded by the silky heat of his body.
After a conflicted pause, Sherlock glanced over at John and was met with a surprised smile. “Me neither.”
John snorted; the idea of him at a party was laughable.   He’d joined a few blokes from his battalion on the Mall after they’d pushed and wheedled all day to get him to come.  While the atmosphere was lively, it became clear quite quickly that his leg was not up for the challenge of standing about on the street and the tightly packed crowds made it difficult to use his cane properly.  He’d begged off, leaving his mates behind to celebrate without his unenthusiastic disposition.
Sherlock, on the other hand, had been deemed too young to actively participate in the war effort until last year, when, at 18, he was forced to act as an officer in the London Home Guard. This mostly consisted of him being photographed performing meaningless tasks that wouldn’t get him injured.  Wartime rule of the monarchy - do not risk the life of the heir or the spare.  This meant that Sherlock spent the majority of the war bored and irritated.  But now was his chance to break these confines and actually do… something.  He needed to get out of here.
At John’s wink, he started to chuckle, which set John off into stifled giggles, and the pair of them dissolved into what was apparently a fit of disgraceful laughter judging by the look Mycroft gave them. It only made Sherlock laugh harder.
“The books may be silent, but that employee of yours certainly is not.”  Sherlock looks thoughtful.  “I’d apologise for the way I spoke to him this morning, but I believe that’s highly unnecessary.”
I shake my head and huff out an endeared laugh.  ⟪Have a safe flight and I’ll see you in the morning. xx⟫
My heart thuds in my chest at those words -- I’m certain Sherlock can hear it where his ear presses against me -- and just like that my happy little bubble pops.  He obviously didn’t heed my warning not to snoop.  Irritation ripples through me as I imagine him poking around through every drawer and cupboard in the flat, pulling out the pieces of my life and inspecting them at all angles, judging.
Suddenly the taxi screeched to a halt and in the split second before he flew off the seat, John managed to grab onto the door and braced himself against the force of the stopping vehicle.  With his heart rabbiting in his chest, he realised a man was standing in the middle of the street, the bonnet of the taxi inches from his shins.   He was standing with his arm outstretched, palm forward, as if commanding the taxi to stop.  John immediately shifted to attention.
No taxis in sight, they ended up crossing back over Chelsea Bridge on foot, the sky beginning to lighten as sunrise drew nearer. Eventually, they flagged down a cab near Grosvenor Road.
Sherlock steps up beside me and holds out the sunflowers to Harry, ‘These are for you.  Happy birthday, Harry.”  While he’s talking his left hand settles gently on my lower back and I’m so glad that everyone is focused on the flowers in that moment because I shiver visibly at the contact.  Sherlock slants his eyes over to me and I give him a quick smile, stepping a bit closer to him and leaning back into the reassuring pressure of his hand.  The butterflies have returned.
“Here. Take off your coat and jacket and I’ll see what I can do about the blood on the lapels. There’s a washroom through there so you can clean your face and when you’re done, I’ll take a look at your nose just to make sure it’s not broken.”
“Shh, John,” Sherlock says, still laughing himself.  “They’ll hear us and then come over to discover two men hiding in the bushes.”
Greg gives a small laugh, “Let’s just get on top of this, yeah?  Call Sherlock and let me know what you hear.”
At witnessing Sherlock's vulnerability, some of John's anxieties swept away on an exhale of utter relief. “Well, you weren’t alone—I wasn’t sure I’d come either, but I figured it would be a bit not good to ignore a summons from Your Royal Highness.”
“Oh, please.  You just jumped out of a taxi to, as you said, chase me through dark alleyways, do not now pretend like you are not enjoying yourself.”
With his next words, Sherlock knew everything would change, but he could see no other way out. He could not allow them to take John - all of tonight’s events had occurred because of Sherlock and his stubborn determination to be released from his royal duties; therefore, it was imperative that John was not punished.
“That just means you’ve had more time to come to terms with your impending middle age, whereas I am just beginning the panic over getting older.  My best years are officially behind me and all I’ve got is my crap job, a shitty flat, funny, goggly eyes and sagging breasts.  No boyfriend either because I only seem to attract shitheads so I’ve sworn off men altogether.”
They’d pulled onto Grosvenor Place by then and the driver seemed anxious to be rid of his stowaway.  “There’s a side street up ahead.  I’m stopping there, mate, and you better be off.”
Where the hell do I begin?  My life seems to have taken a very bizarre turn over the last few days.  “It’s. . . going,” I mumble, more to my bumblebee doodle than to my friends.  After a few seconds of avoidance, I find some tiny molecule of courage to look up and their faces -- twin expressions of what I read as pity and impatience -- cause the dam inside me to burst and it all just comes tumbling out.  I explain about Sherlock turning up at the shop and taking him back to my flat.  I share the main points of our conversation that first night, leaving out the more private details.  I rant about bloody Mycroft and how Sherlock knew it was him sending me texts. (Greg clenches his jaw at this point but thankfully doesn’t say anything.)  I blush through repeating Sally’s innuendo-laced appearance at my flat.  Finally, I tell them about Sherlock’s proposition last night and my refusal.
I inhale sharply, and the words loop through my head.  Each time they repeat, it sounds more and more like a declaration, a promise of something bigger.  I’m so close to uttering those three small words that mean so much back to him; I can feel them percolating at the back of my brain but I can’t quite get them to come out.  Instead, I pull him down into a fierce kiss, trying to put every overwhelming thing I’m feeling into it so Sherlock will maybe just
Chucking my phone down on the sofa, I attack the buttons of my shirt, stripping off my date outfit as I stomp to my bedroom to change into my pyjamas, pulling them on far too aggressively, but I need an outlet and being stroppy seems to help.  Then I remember I need to let Greg know I’ve spoken to Sherlock so I stomp back out to the sitting room to retrieve my phone and punch out a message.
⟪I am convinced that only the most mindless people go into entertainment journalism. These interviews are torture. SH⟫
He smiles victoriously, and proceeds to scale the fence in a few graceful maneuvers and swings down to land lightly on the other side.  Bloody agile bastard.
I knock out of inherent politeness but when no one comes to open the door after a moment, I push my way inside and am greeted by a hive of activity.  There is a swarm of people in the sitting room - I pick out Sally, tapping away on her mobile, and the man I recognise to be Sherlock’s stylist.  The others I assume are members of Sherlock’s team, ranging from hair stylists to publicists.  They ignore me, and Sherlock is nowhere to be seen.
The gravel on the path crunches beneath shoes as someone walks towards us from the left.  I’m casting about for a place to hide, panicking slightly when there’s nothing nearby that will cover both me and Sherlock, when I’m spun around and gently pushed forward, Sherlock’s palm in between my shoulder blades.
John stared at the letter, shocked not only by its lack of insight into why Sherlock was suddenly writing to him but also by the very prospect of seeing the man again after so much time had passed since they last met. What the hell could this possibly be about? Why was he being contacted and why now?
John rolled his eyes and started moving again, practically running across Chelsea Bridge. He was breathing hard and his leg twinged painfully. John grunted when he remembered his cane was lost. He pushed on, certain that he wouldn’t be followed much farther once he reached the other side. Surely between the two of them, Lestrade and Prince Henry would have wrangled Prince William into a taxi before long.
I’ve been simultaneously anticipating and dreading this section -- seeing the words I’ve written brought to life in the bold, black outlines of Harry’s graphic style elevates the power of each scene.  There’s a particular sense of anguish to this part of the story, my story, which is reflected in the drawings.  They’re darker and harsher than the previous pages, more oppressive.
Seeing as there are few customers and no Anderson to chat with today, I spend most of my morning sitting behind the counter, chin in hand, doodling on the back of a flyer advertising trips to Guernsey.  While I’m sure it was the right decision, I can’t help thinking of my conversation with Sherlock last night and just how brave it was for him to ask me, to put himself out there, especially at a time when people are digging into his past mercilessly.  The fact that he was willing to be so open seems unimaginable to me.  Put in a similar situation, all my defenses would have been up, with no chance of anyone breaking through.
“Bloody Mycroft, honestly.”  I huff out a sigh and reign in the eyeroll that I'm tempted to execute.  “Sherlock, you weren't being reckless, you were, well, dating.  Yes, we were probably not as cautious as we should have been if you don't want to be out publicly, but you did nothing wrong.  Please tell me you see that?”
As I wrote this chapter, this was the car that I envisioned Sherlock driving, although this model didn't come out until the 50s:
The driver honked his horn, hoping to clear his path, but Sherlock took a step farther into the street and raised his hand, signalling the driver to stop.  A quick glance over his shoulder showed the Major approaching the pavement - he only had a few more seconds to execute this getaway and that depended on the taxi driver.  At that moment, a bus passed by on the inside lane of the roundabout, preventing the driver from swerving around him and the taxi came to a halt, stopping just centimetres from Sherlock’s knees.
- I apologise to anyone who uses proper grammar and spelling when texting, Harry clearly doesn’t.  This mainly goes out to @zigster-ao3 for putting her through Harry’s terrible texting multiple times.  I also wanted to include an eggplant and a peach emoji in one of her texts but they didn't translate to AO3.  Boo.
Later that morning, Sherlock had driven John to the Royal Hebert Hospital, where he was due on parade, and the pair said goodbye. "There was really no other possibility at the time," Sherlock says, a faraway look on his face. "Given my station and the fact that it was 1945, neither John nor I could see a way forward, so we contented ourselves with having just that one night. I missed him terribly though."
“It’s not like they did any actual fighting, locked away in their fancy palace.  What does the King know of the actual struggles people had to face during the War?”
Instead, John turned to the front of the car and strolled around it, only to come to a stop at Sherlock’s door and held out his hand. Sherlock looked at it stupidly, taking in the short but graceful fingers and neat fingernails, before recognising the gesture as a request to shake hands. Instead of moving to grasp those fingers, Sherlock hastily removed the driving glove on his right hand and held onto it tightly in his left. Only then did he reach out for John.
“. . . still surrounded so you’re best staying away for awhile, and maybe don’t go out at all, at least not for a couple days, if you can avoid it.  Let us handle it from the office -- don’t give them any other ammunition to use against you,” she tells Sherlock and then she turns to me, adding with a wink, “I assume you’re happy to share your bed for a few more days, hm, John?”
In a way, I’m glad.  I don’t want to involve Anderson in this mess, even if he does annoy the shit out of me sometimes.  I’d rather keep it contained and get it over with as soon as possible.  And thank god for CCTV.  With that thought, I realise I should call Greg.
So this is really happening -- I’m playing host to a famous actor who is hiding out from the press due to some horrible headlines about his past and now he’s sitting on my sofa asking me if I’d like to date him again.  I feel that same pull that I did last night, that desire to be wrapped up in his arms, but there’s a stronger need to protect myself.  After witnessing the onslaught of gossip about him today, it’s hard to imagine how I would fit into his life and he into mine.
After awhile, the conversation is interrupted by the doorbell.  I rise to answer it so they can keep chatting.  It’s Mike and his wife Nicola and I receive hugs from them both as they enter.
Mummy looked back and forth between him and John for a moment before saying, “I do not think that would be appropriate.”
I think about him at odd times nearly every day, especially when I see something that reminds me of him or when Anderson does something stupid and I know it would make him laugh or when I simply wish I could hear his voice.
Slipping my phone out of my pocket, I find Greg’s name and tap on it with shaky hands.  It rings once, twice and then halfway through the third ring, he picks up.
While he undoubtedly had a full schedule for the day, meetings and events that required the entire royal family, Sherlock shrugged as though driving John was not the slightest inconvenience. “Of course. I love any excuse to drive.”
“I bet it does,” he says, waggling his eyebrows at me.  “Let’s get a coffee and you can tell me all about it. . .  Well, some of it.  Maybe keep the more risqué details to yourself.”  Greg claps me on the shoulder and steers me to the counter, loudly proclaiming to the barista, “Whatever he  wants, it’s on me!”
His response feels so dismissive and it rankles.  This isn’t a normal occurrence, regardless of one’s celebrity status, and here he is being rather blasé about the whole ordeal, almost like I am overreacting to the text.  I’m not though, of that I’m certain.
The combination of the man’s youth, drunkenness and concern seemed like they were going to tip him into a full panic, which John would very much like to avoid.
Afterward, long after our pulses have slowed and our bodies have cooled, we lay wrapped up in each other.  It’s quiet and peaceful in the wee hours of the morning, like we have emerged in our own world where no one else exists beyond the two of us.
The footman led him through an elegant foyer, their footsteps sounding loud on the intricately-laid parquet floors. The space was much more simply decorated than John had expected, given the ornate decor of the staircase and corridor leading to Sherlock’s apartments. Above the white paneling, the walls were painted a subtle green instead of papered and were adorned by a collection of small paintings, lit by the warm light from pairs of sconces. A glass vase of white roses and greenery sat upon a console table.
He just hums, so I leave him there on the sofa and rush through my morning routine, showering in record time, popping in my contact lenses, and pulling on clothes at random. But I do pause to glance in the mirror before exiting my bedroom, just to make sure I don’t look completely ridiculous.
John seemed to have caught up with the plan and he chimed in, with a wink, “Ladies, a pleasure.” Yellow Dress giggled and blushed at John’s attention and Sherlock scowled at her. He hated John flirting with anyone else but him.
After a moment,  Molly finally says, “Well, as you said, you lead very different lives, so if you’re not comfortable with all that his fame entails, then yes, I’d say you made the right choice.”  She sounds like she’s trying to convince herself and me at the same time.
“Shit.  No, I haven’t!  Do you think he’s in trouble?”  I hadn’t even thought about the fact that Sherlock may be receiving these texts as well.
Later, after we've closed for the day, I’ve got the accounts open on the computer and the bank statement spread on the desk before me, calculator and highlighter at the ready.  This is my least favourite part of my job -- it always takes me ages to work through the budgets and balance sheets and expense forms.  The numbers tend to blur before my eyes and it’s a constant game of rewarding myself for completing each tiny task so that the books stay balanced.  I hate it, but it’s necessary.
A whistle pierced the air and, passing Sherlock a tea towel, John said, “The handle will be hot. Now just fill up the teapot and we’ll let it steep for a few minutes.” John yawned. “The stronger the better.”
Sherlock’s hand tightens briefly on my arm and he turns his head to nuzzle into my chest, coming slowly awake.
After a moment of panic, he felt John’s focus on him and he slowly turned his head to meet his soft grey eyes. Sherlock noted an undercurrent of solemnity in John’s expression despite the smile on his lips and crinkles at the corners of his eyes. With just a look, it felt like John was trying to bolster him, metaphorical hands reaching across the space between their bodies to prop him up as he wobbled. It was as though John could sense, and somehow understood, this torrent of emotion that was tumbling through Sherlock’s mind and John, strong, determined, unassuming John, was undaunted in the face of it. Reacting calmly when presented with crises was only natural for an accomplished Army medic, Sherlock reminded himself, but he was surprised at how grateful he was to find such a skill employed on him. Normally, he would scornfully brush off anyone’s concern for his well-being.
She shrugs.  “It’s true.  Anyway, I’m actually glad you’re here because Sherlock’s been a nightmare all day and he tends to go a bit soppy when you’re around.  Makes my job easier.”
.  If anyone disobeys this request, then you know I’ll have no problem walking out of the interview.”
While he held him, John pressed light kisses into his hair, murmuring softly but Sherlock could not discern the individual words. Lifting his head, he stared into John’s eyes and asked, “May I kiss you again?”
“I don’t think I really care about your excuses.  Whatever game you two are playing, whatever fucked up game this is, I am not going to be involved.”
“What, no!  He made it very clear that he doesn’t want my input right now.”  I cross my arms, feeling at that moment like a petulant child.
Reminding himself that it was all an act, he schooled his face back into his fake smile and turned to the woman in the green dress. “And you are?”
“Yes, well, your hair still has that too short and too neat look: a cut of habit. Your posture, once you’re not slumped over your desk, screams soldier - even now you’re standing at parade rest - and when you mentioned the book about conflict and military history, it was clear that it was a subject you knew well.”
“Yeah, it was good.  Good but embarrassing -- really can’t trust my friends to behave.  Total menaces, that lot!  You coped remarkably well.”
As he neared the corner, he allowed himself to glance at the wing mirror, catching sight of John still standing in the road. Sherlock saw him smile as he lifted a hand and waved.
“Pssh.  When have we ever cared about following conventional heteronormative dating rituals?  They’re silly and outdated, and besides, it’s not about that -- I’m being serious,” he says, sounding a bit put out.  “By Saturday, I will be done with my current promotional obligations and after a rather chaotic start to our relationship, I thought it would be nice to spend time together, outside of this flat.”
He turns then, shoulders facing forward.  The distance between us feels like it’s growing despite both still being sat on the sofa, and I feel like I need to explain further.
“Oh, that’s really. . . um, thank you,” I manage to say and then take another bite of my food, which is probably not the response Sherlock was hoping for, but I can’t figure out how to handle this.
“I think it’s their job to get you ready for your big night, Sherlock.  Not that it takes much effort because you’re bloody gorgeous even like this,” I say, gesturing to his current ensemble of ratty pyjamas and dressing gown.
Soon they had two steaming cups of moderately milked tea in front of them and John savoured it. The scrambled eggs had helped the overwhelming fatigue that had settled upon him, but his eyes still felt a bit gritty, so he hoped the tea would perk him up a bit.
After his contempt for the idea of the locked gardens, it surprises me for some reason that he seems to have an appreciation for what actually lays inside.  I glance up at him and the light catches him just right so that his curls are illuminated, giving him a golden halo.  He’s beautiful.
More importantly, beside Mycroft rode Sherlock. Unlike his brother, who was emanating a proper sense of decorum for the occasion, Sherlock’s face was absolutely blank, his long limbs stiff in the red wool of his uniform and his wild curls hidden away under the plumed helmet on his head. Although it had been a number of years since they had last seen each other, John remembered those eyes flashing brightly with whichever strong emotion Sherlock had at any given moment, no matter how he might try to suppress them. Now, however, John could not tell what he was thinking at all and it scared him.
Looking up at Sherlock solemnly, I hold it out to him.  He sets his teacup on the table and instead of reaching for the comic book, his large hands settle on either side of my face and he reels me in, kissing me fiercely.  His lips and the touch of his fingertips saying more than any words could possibly do.  He pulls away minutely and presses his forehead to mine, waiting, as I catch my breath.
As they stepped outside in the cool night air, John took a deep breath and shook his head in dismay.
He heard John release a small huff of laughter. “You are lovely,” he said, his voice warm, running like honey over Sherlock’s skin. Daring to open his eyes again, he looked down at John and discovered that the intensity from earlier had melted away and John was watching him patiently with a lopsided smile.
He did not feel he could move or speak. Instead, he sat with his hands gripping the steering wheel, the fine leather of his driving gloves creaking with the pressure, and his eyes focused straight ahead. How could he possibly say goodbye after the night they had had?
The request comes out of nowhere.  Does he not carry a mobile?  Is he texting for a lift?  Dumbly, I fumble in my pocket and pull out my mobile, handing it over to him as my brain tries to make sense of what’s happened.  I fail -- I’m properly confused about what’s going on just now.
Sherlock glanced at him in surprise - usually, Sherlock found that people were extremely slow on the uptake, missing details and connections that were so obvious to him.  John, however, kept up easily, the only person he had met in a long while who was not tedious.
“Full marks for that summary.” As always, I aim for humour, but it falls flat.  “You’re right though, I did turn it down -- I didn’t want to finish my Army career stuck behind a desk.  But the shop was the result of a series of odd events really.  Not precisely where I’d envisioned myself, maybe, but I’d always loved books.  I mean, each one can take you somewhere new; there’s adventure and intrigue, beauty and loss on each page.  What a way to learn about the world.  Plus books are blissfully silent companions so I can’t think of a better way to spend my days.”  That last bit was technically inaccurate considering the current state of the shop, but he didn’t have to know about my business struggles.
Thankfully, the bell on the door rings, indicating the first potential customer of the day, so I’m able to shoo Anderson out of the office to deal with them, while I sit at my desk and attempt to work.  However, my mind keeps wandering back to Sherlock -- he already takes up too much space there.
OVER the years, they have settled into life together, splitting their time between their apartments at Kensington Palace and Brantridge Park in West Sussex. I am told that they have amassed a large library at Brantridge Park — mostly 19th century medical textbooks, a range of chemistry and physics books the subjects of which I only pretended to understand when Sherlock rattled them off, and an incongruent collection of crime novels. Sherlock keeps bees and John took to hillwalking and he still tries to get out with their two dogs, Milo and Galileo. “Although we’ve slowed down significantly in recent years,” John says, but Sherlock interrupts, “Speak for yourself!”
“A bit not good, I know.”  He smiles briefly, trying to brush it off with charm, but uncertainty creeps into his eyes.
“Are you—” Sherlock paused, a brief look of confusion crossing his face, “—distressed about what happened with the Colonel?”
Then there was a clatter and John realised that the mess he’d been tidying earlier was still covering table.
While the tea steeps, I lean back against the counter and attempt to make conversation, although I’ve proven to be rubbish at that.  “Are you thinking of doing some travelling?”
From an outside perspective, they do seem to have remarkable energy about them, and it’s easy to envision them seeking further adventure for years to come. And it seems fitting that to mark the next stage of their lives they held a ceremony to celebrate their civil partnership at Windsor Castle on 11th December last year. It was a simple ceremony with only family and close friends in attendance.
I take a deep breath before I begin and then say, “Look, I’m a fairly level-headed bloke, not often in and out of love, especially not with someone famous.”  I chew on my bottom lip for a second, pausing to figure out my next words.  I know it’s the right decision, but I also can’t believe I’m saying this to him.  “I just don’t see how it would work, Sherlock, us being anything more than friends.  I think I need to say no to your kind offer.”
I set off towards Hyde Park with the idea of ambling along the paths that criss-cross through gardens behind Kensington Palace.  As I walk, I scan through the text messages that arrived that morning -- one from Harry (⟪Updates pls!⟫) and another from Greg (⟪Thinking about you, mate.  Hope it went well with Sherlock last night.  Phone if you need to.⟫)  I ignore Harry’s message for the time being; she and her gossipy ways can be the last to know.  I text Greg instead.
Mycroft rode nearest. He had always looked serious and disapproving to John, but time and grief had etched another layer of severity into his features. He was about to be crowned as the next King of the United Kingdom, so perhaps some of that was warranted.
Sherlock quickly amended his plans for observing the people and atmosphere in Trafalgar Square and decided, in a sudden burst of selfless confusion, to lie.  “I am in search of someone,” he said, focus zeroing in on John, who unconsciously snapped to attention, sending a zip of excitement along Sherlock’s spine.  “Well, to be more accurate, he is in search of me, but I would appreciate your help in keeping a lookout, and it could be advantageous to have an Army medic on hand if things go south.”
“No, I think it’ll be fine.  Anderson is back now, and I think he specifically waited until he was out for lunch before coming in.  It’s me he wants to threaten, but I don’t think he wants anyone else to know, which is fucking nuts.”
In the space between the crowd of dancers around him, amidst swishing skirts and flying arms, Sherlock suddenly had a clear view across the hall, as though the curtains had been pulled back across a stage, allowing him to see a familiar officer speaking with two other soldiers in red hats and pointing in their direction.
Sherlock shook her off and glanced over his shoulder, only to discover that the Colonel and his entourage were moving towards them around the edge of the dancefloor, pushing revellers aside in their haste. He had to reach John first.
Perhaps if the t-shirt had been black he would have looked casually elegant, but as it is, he has a half-dressed look about him in his fine wool trousers and my basic white t-shirt bought in a multipack at Sainsbury’s.  Not to mention the fact that the t-shirt is far too small, the sleeves are stretched around his biceps and the hem barely meets the waistband of his trousers.
“Morning, boss,” Anderson says, walking into the office and hanging his jacket on one of the hooks on the back of the door.  “Have a good weekend?”
“It will do you no harm to wait; judging from the amount you have already had to drink this evening, surely your liver will thank you,” Sherlock retorted, turning to face the speaker, a tall, middle-aged Colonel with a greatly over-inflated sense of self-importance.  If only he knew whom he was addressing, then he would not be so pompous, but everything would be ruined were the truth to come out, so Sherlock did his best to suppress his irritation.
He turns to survey the shop, a distinct look of displeasure on his pinched face, before his hard gaze settles on me.  There’s something about the man that immediately causes me to be on alert.
is, in my head at least, an epic period film with a nearly lyrical script, lots of moody shots of the architecture in Prague by night, and a musical score that sweeps you away.  There’s a romance between Sherlock’s character Petr and Irene’s character Evka.  It won loads of Baftas and other awards and was nominated at the Oscars as well.
His eyes snap to mine and his expression shifts from surprised to flattered in split second.  It transforms his face -- there’s a warmth in his eyes and his mouth seems even poutier, if such a thing were possible.  I lick my lips and take another sip of wine.
Sherlock: “I tend to think of our relationship always as one of inevitability and luminosity, but despite that rather sentimental view, we did not simply bat our eyes at each other for fifty-four years. It took effort, as any relationship does, and what made it easier was remembering that we are on the same side, we are a team, especially in the tougher moments.”
Eventually, they pulled themselves together. John straightened up, adjusting his uniform coat as he did so, and he caught Sherlock regarding him with an air of uncertainty. Clearly no one from the club followed them and John figured that they’d relocated far enough from Trafalgar Square to also avoid whoever was following Sherlock, but John wasn’t ready for their adventure to be at an end, so he cocked his head to the side and asked, “What now?”
“It was a bad time and I really am very sorry.” Sherlock’s hand crept down to slyly caress his cock, but John noticed and growled.
.  Amongst other things, a substantial amount of Sodium oxybate was taken. That’s rare; it’s not inexpensive or difficult to get hold of. Stealing from a pharmaceutical company is too risky. However, the drug used in the compound from Langridge’s is consistent with the product Basie Pharmaceuticals make.  The most recent robbery was in Portugal.”
John huffed out a laugh.  “Maybe we’ll pass on the romance?  Go straight for strangeness and copious amounts of sex?”   John fluttered his eyelashes.
Lestrade’s eyebrows almost reached his hairline. Donovan giggled, and Sherlock was utterly silent. Too silent.
“Nope,” John said. His sadness about Jason, thankfully, was now just pure, white anger.  “I was, well, doing what people do here in a room upstairs.  Speak to Fabian. The first we knew was when we heard Simon yelling for help.”
Whatever Sherlock may have implied about his relationship with the King during their adventures on V-E Day, John was certain that he loved and admired his father immensely and the loss was surely difficult to bear. John could only hope that Sherlock had the support of his family right now. The idea of him drifting helpless and alone during this time was too horrible to consider, but he could see Sherlock isolating himself, not letting anyone in to share the burden of his grief.
Alone once again, John took a moment to turn the envelope over in his hands. It was made of fine, heavy paper, nothing like the standard Army-issue stationary that he employed on a daily basis. On the front, the envelope read, “Lieutenant-Colonel Watson” in slanted, narrow script, the handwriting unfamiliar to John.
Sherlock looks at me. “I took the liberty of ordering a bottle of the Tintore, but please feel free to order whatever you’d like.”
He finally meets my eye and there’s a flash of something I can’t quite place in his.  “Hello,” he says.  “For your sister.”  He gives a slight shrug to indicate the flowers.
“You speak it well enough to understand Kafka in German?” Greg sounds impressed and yet somewhat appalled.
“That’s brilliant!” I enthuse and Sherlock looks embarrassed by the attention, so I nudge his toe with mine and smile, causing him to blush even more.
Ever since Saturday night, I’ve wanted to keep Sherlock close by, and now that he’s off in a part of his celebrity world that I don’t have access to, I feel positively fidgety with unease.  Moving through the familiar routine of tea-making, I settle at the table with the steaming cup between my hands and begin calculating how long it’ll take them to leave the BBC studios and drive the two miles back to my flat.  Sally had said there was nothing else lined up for Sherlock today, so I assume he’ll be coming straight back here, and so I wait impatiently.
The next time they surfaced, John queried the hour, murmuring gently against Sherlock’s mouth. As tempted as he was to ignore their appointed meeting time at the barracks, Sherlock fished out his pocket watch. It was just after half past one and John determined that they best “head out”, so they pulled themselves together and, with one final, brief kiss, re-emerged from the shadows out onto Sloane Street.
.  Once this silent conversation has ended, I flick my head towards the kitchen,  “I’ll go help him with the drinks.  No fangirling while I’m gone, okay, Mols?”
The man was still clearly intoxicated, cheeks red and eyes bleary, but he had enough wherewithal to identify John and explain the situation to the redhats. Even so, John was near enough to sober that he was fairly sure he could talk himself out of any serious trouble with the members of the Military Police. Sure, he'd been a bit mouthy, but he'd not insulted or attacked the idiot.
“No, we most certainly do not.” Lestrade began, but it seemed Sherlock had grown tired of this argument and he drew himself up to his full height and his entire demeanour changed, suddenly fierce and commanding.
is a documentary about Bill Finger who was excluded as co-creator of Batman.  I actually know nothing about DC comics, but it sounded interesting!
Sherlock went to fix the teapot and John whisked the eggs around the pan with a fork as they started to cook and added a pinch of salt.
I think back over Sherlock’s IMDB page, which I am overly familiar with by now, and I can see the point he’s talking about.  “After
If I had taken more than a second to consider this plan, I would have realised that it was a terrible decision because now I’m faced with the reality that Sherlock Holmes will be inside my flat.  With its air of pitiful neglect and desolation, it’s not really a place to bring company - we tend to gather at Greg and Molly’s for dinners and parties - and I’m sure he’s got a ridiculous posh house over in Knightsbridge with a cleaning service and a chef.  I try to recall if there are any dirty dishes or clothes left lying about but can’t remember clearly.
Sherlock grunted and gave a sharp tug so John was plastered on top of him once more. “John, I don’t care. Just kiss me again. Please.”
There were small groups of people scattered about the park, voices shouting in celebration or singing various patriotic tunes, off-key and loudly.  Sherlock, still listening for the sounds of pursuit, kept to the shadows and focused on getting to the end of the park where he could more easily disappear amongst the more densely packed streets of Belgravia.
With that, I am certain I am gaping at him in the most unattractive fashion, but I can’t help it.  For months, I daydreamed about him saying words like this, hoping he’d recognise his error and try to win me back.  But now that he’s here and it’s actually happening, it suddenly feels like too much -- the rooms seems warmer, my pulse ratchets up, and sweat breaks out on the back of my neck.
“Shall we walk and see what we find?  There’s bound to be some overpriced local spot up ahead where hoity-toity people like you gather.”
I wake up slowly, knowing it’s still early and wanting to revel in the last few minutes of slumber before I need to face the day.  I allow myself to drift, chasing the pleasant tendrils of a dream.  I remember feelings of contentment and joy, but the details are elusive now.  The more I try to recapture it, the farther the dream escapes into the distant recesses of my mind as I find myself coming back to myself, awareness seeping in at the edges.
Once all the ingredients have been added to the pot, I start to regret my choice for our meal.  Sherlock has plastered himself to my back, hands stroking my sides and kissing my neck.  It’s absolute torture to be stuck stirring the damn risotto while he is so temptingly close.  I’d much rather turn around in his arms and ignore the task of stirring altogether, but that would only result in an inedible, and most likely burnt, attempt at dinner and I do really want this to be a success.
I know she’s not being serious, but her comment causes my hackles to raise slightly.  “I’m not his minder, you know, or some kind of Sherlock whisperer,” I say, trying to keep my voice even.
The woman put her hands on her hips, scolding Sherlock.  “The King is trying jolly hard to offer words of encouragement and if you don’t want to hear him, then you can just piss off!”
“That being said, I do still like you, Sherlock, despite everything, and I'd like to be your friend, especially with all this going on in the press.  Okay?”
I huff out a breath but can’t stop my lips twisting into a grin.   I approach the damn fence again, and with Sherlock pointing out footholds and at one point, catching my foot before it slips, I manage to get to the top of the fence and grab a tree branch overhead, before somewhat awkwardly letting myself down on the other side, landing with a thump.
“John --” Sherlock says, hand out as though trying to gentle me as one would a horse.  His eyes track my movement but he doesn’t come any closer.  We stare at each other, forgetting for a moment that there’s someone else in the room, and then there’s a knock at the flat door.
“Well, fuck, mate.  I think you win the brownie tonight.”  Greg exclaims, blowing his breath out in a huff and shaking his head.
⟪This meeting is incredibly dull. Do you have today’s newspaper? If so, text me clues to the crossword puzzle. I need something to occupy my mind. SH⟫
The comment gave Sherlock pause. While he had anticipated an evening of eluding Mycroft and Lestrade and traipsing all over London, he had not fully considered that John might have other obligations. John had most definitely been headed somewhere when they met in the taxi, possibly with plans of his own for celebrating VE Day. Now that he thought about it, perhaps the idea that John would just follow where he led was a touch presumptuous. Sherlock had noticed that John wore no wedding band, but that did not mean he did not have a. . . lover waiting for him. Sherlock felt his stomach clench at the very idea.
Caught up in my musings, I’ve forgotten my coffee and now, of course, it’s gone cold.  Spotting a bin on the street corner, I wind around a couple walking the opposite way on the pavement and  reach out my cup to toss it in the bin and --
Sherlock followed, muttering.  John caught him repeating the words ‘posh boy’ and he grinned even more.  Needling Sherlock about their obvious class difference was an incredibly diverting way to pass the time.
He did not, however, sound upset as Sherlock had expected, like they usually do.  Interesting.  Turning back to the man, Sherlock could practically hear the gears turning in his head as he tried to work it out.
Pushing back the navy duvet, I throw my dressing gown over my pyjamas before easing open the bedroom door to creep into the corridor, the voices increasing in volume as I approach the sitting room.  Hidden in the shadows, I can see Sherlock, framed by the doorway, standing in front of the sofa.  He’s clad in the pyjamas I lent him -- grey t-shirt stretched over his torso and his bony ankles showing beneath the too-short hem of the flannel pants.  It’d be endearing if he wasn’t ranting and waving his hands through the air at someone across the room, still hidden from view.
“And to think I was annoyed with you an hour ago.” John grinned down at the man below him and played with one of the curls on his forehead, twirling it around his finger.
We’ve just had a major sales push for books about Southeast Asia, the hot new travel destination according to some poll Anderson found on the Internet, and I am attempting to square the books to see how we’ve done. Double-checking the figures I’d entered on the calculator, I hit the equals button and close my eyes for a second, sending up a brief prayer to whatever god is up there, and then look down --
I tip my glass towards her and the others around the table join me, echoing ‘happy birthday’ and then taking a sip of whatever drink they are holding.
I’ve aligned everything on the counter into neat piles, sorted through a stack of receipts and other bits of paper, untangled a pile of paperclips that have been to the right of the till for weeks, and arranged the ledgers under the counter into chronological order by the time I hear him again twenty minutes later.
John stepped forward. “No, Sherlock, it’s fine. Honestly. I’m not quite sure why I’m here, but I am glad to be.”
John’s heart clenched at the idea of Sherlock desperately wanting to dance, to be intimate, to share his heart with someone and holding himself back for years. He wished he’d known so he could have….well, he doesn’t know what he’d have done. Probably panicked again and insisted that he was ‘not gay’, but that was never really the truth.  He can accept that now.  After all, he’s wrapped up in Sherlock’s arms like he belongs there.  Not exactly something mates do.
With a wave of his hand, Sherlock replied, “Mycroft has been ready to be king since he could first say the word. If I had not spent my childhood with him, I would think he had been a dull old man for the entirety of his life.”
With a reassuring smile, I stand up.  “Right, I need to get ready now.  You going to be okay staying here all day?”
The woman taps her chin, looking thoughtful.   “Well, perhaps we can play that to our advantage.  This will only dominate the headlines until the next bit of celebrity gossip breaks, so we just need to control it as best we can.  If we release a statement acknowledging your time in rehab as a young man, stating your ongoing sobriety and your commitment to your work, and emphasising the importance of privacy in regards to matters like this, then it’s possible to rein in the story and shift it from a flippant topic of personal gossip into a more serious conversation around drug use in the industry and the lack of support available, which removes the focus on you as an individual.”
“Look sharp!” he ordered the soldiers around him, and the ranks shifted to attention, a ripple of movement emanating away from him.
He’s right, I know he is.  I have been scared -- not just of Sherlock and what we could have, but of life more generally over these past few years.  It’s rather shocking to realise how easy it was to slide into a series of dull routines that kept me from enjoying other people’s company or venturing out to explore what the world has to offer.  I don’t want to live that way anymore, and if I’m honest, I haven’t wanted to for a while now, but I've struggled to find my way out of my depression.  The moments I’ve shared with Sherlock -- the thrill of him walking into my shop that first day, lending him my t-shirt and having him dry clean and return it to me, breaking into private gardens, bringing him to meet my friends, snogging in the street after dinner at Angelo’s, even him turning up at the shop after months apart -- all these moments are the bright spots across the last year of my life.
I sit down on the sofa and start taking the food out of the bag, opening containers and scooping a little bit of everything onto the plate in front of me.  Sherlock sits down next to me, spine straight, and looks over the assortment of food in front of him, eventually choosing some pork Pad See Ew and serving some onto his plate.
I nod my thanks and he settles happily behind the counter, digging into his lunch before I’ve even made it to the office.
To his relief, John snorted. “Girlfriend?  No, not with my luck. Who’d take an interest in me, anyhow, an invalid who walks like an old man?” John gave a small, self-deprecating laugh and then continued, “I was on my way to my sister’s flat.  To escape, really.”
Apparently this is where my life has led: to sitting in my kitchen in the middle of the day describing the world’s worst book to Sherlock bloody Holmes.  Shit.
There’s a war going on inside me - the rational versus the emotional, head versus heart.  What I want to do is crawl across the sofa and be wrapped up in his arms.  But I know I can’t do that, mainly because I need to go shower and get ready for work, but also because it’s too damn soon to be seriously contemplating starting up whatever this is again.  And with all the gossip in the papers, it can’t be good timing for Sherlock -- his priority certainly should be his career.
“Well, we’re free of Colonel Pisspot, and the night is still fairly young, surely we can find some other trouble to get into?”
“No, not in a rush,” he responded, “Doesn’t look like anyone’ll be getting anywhere quickly tonight.”
"It was surreal, but I think Sherlock was more nervous than I was," John says, sipping his tea and allowing Sherlock to take over the narrative. "He conveniently forgot to mention the fact that he had mouthed off to a superior officer earlier in the evening — granted it had been in my defence — and was about to be detained by the Military Police for insubordination. I was only anxious to ensure that Papa would see that he came to no harm because of it. But I needn't have worried about John; he was earnest  and funny and my parents were perfectly charmed."
Part of me wants to turn around and hide, but I force myself to walk to the door, each step harder than the last, my heart in my throat.  With shaking hands, I unlock the door and open it so that I’m face to face with Sherlock for the first time in five months.
With a grunt of irritation, John grasped the slender wrists and shoved them away.  “What the hell is wrong with you?  Until you tell me what’s going on, I’ll be as loud as I want!”
When I finish with the dishes, I shuffle back to the sitting room and lean against the doorframe.  Sherlock is ensconced in the armchair with a book.  He appears to be absorbed in his reading, not raising his head to acknowledge me, although he undoubtedly knows I'm standing here.  I take it as a cue that he’d like to be alone.
Sherlock squirmed but refused to let his discomfort reign. “Congratulations on your extensive knowledge of London geography, Papa.”
Out of everyone here, John deserved to be celebrating - not only was the war over, one in which he had fought at the western front, but he also survived a grievous wound.  It struck Sherlock as highly unfair that John was uncomfortable amidst such revelry.  Sherlock himself was not always comfortable amongst large crowds, but it felt right to be out here tonight, and he would do his best to tolerate annoying, simple-minded people if it meant that John was happy.
What happened next occurred two months after the funeral. Upon returning to London, Sherlock wrote to John and asked him to come to tea the following afternoon. Nervous but determined, John presented himself at Kensington Palace, much like I did this afternoon, and never looked back. “It was the 9th of April, 1952,” he recalls. “We had tea, he showed me the gardens, telling me stories of his childhood playing in them, and then he asked me to stay. And I did. There wasn’t really a choice to be made. I wasn’t going to let him out of my life again, and I think he felt exactly the same way.”
Sherlock had absolutely no idea how much money John had spent over the course of the evening between the taxi journeys and the drinks and everything else. He looked at John for guidance, eyes wide.
Sherlock smiles and it’s when he opens his mouth to reply, perhaps to suggest a restaurant, that I suddenly remember that, of course, this is the one evening this week when I actually have plans.
Following the carriage bearing the body of the King, came two riders, sitting tall and stoic in their saddles, and John’s breath caught as he recognised the Princes Henry and William.
As always, I have to thank my wonderful betas @zigster-ao3, @88thparallel and @eternaljohnlock for their encouragement, patience and notes of inspiration. You're all amazing!
“The list?”  The existence of a list threw him for a moment, especially as they clearly were not infantry, like Benton and the boys, but Sherlock rallied and spit out a smooth lie.  “I should certainly hope so.  Mister Sherlock Holmes and Captain John Watson, guests of Major Lestrade and General Erskine, if you please.”  Sherlock drew himself up to his full height and sniffed, affecting an air of unconcerned nonchalance.  John’s snapped his head around to look at him, eyes widening at the lie.
“You complete wanker.  You didn’t tell me you were in touch with him again!” Harry screeches, smacking me in the shoulder.  “When did this happen?”
John and Sherlock experience a new domestic bliss and Sherlock has to face the press/public about his past.
With an elbow, Sherlock nudged John in an effort to get him away from the Colonel, with whom he was still engaged in a battle of wills.  When the stubborn man did not budge, Sherlock leapt down the stairs in a swirl of coat, ignoring the gasps and murmurs from those in the queue, and grabbed John by the arm, all but dragging him along.  “Have a splendid evening, gentleman!” he called over his shoulder with a laugh and started down the road.
“Thank you. So there you have it, Mycroft, you and the Major return and make some excuse for my absence. John has proven himself a man of his word - just ask Lestrade - and he will ensure that I get back to the Palace without further incident.”
- Janine’s name was originally Eileen in chapter one (it's since been changed), but I decided to use canon names for characters despite her not playing a similar role to her BBC Sherlock counterpart.  Anyway, Eileen is now Janine and shall be for the remainder of the story - although she may not feature much more.
I flick on the television and there is Sherlock’s face, all hard angles and flinty stare.  It shocks the breath out of me to see him again, if only on my television screen.  I’ve been going out of my way not to see him over the last couple months, so the mental image that I had of him has blurred a bit, but now it comes back into sharp focus.
Overnight, Sherlock’s world had changed, too, and although there was a deep ache in his chest, he felt at peace.
I stop pulling books off the shelf. “What is?” Again, I feel like he’s started in the middle of a conversation and I’m stuck playing catch up.
“Um. . .” I think through my usual complaints -- the shop, Anderson, my height, my loveless existence, et cetera and so forth.  While I could tell them about the result of our sales push or spilling coffee on Sherlock (which they already know and would discount straight away), I find I just don’t want to play this round.  “No, I’m not.  Despite generally being, you know, a bumbling fool, tonight I’m feeling pretty good, even after episodes of periodic embarrassment.  I’m surrounded by my friends, my sister and my brilliant date.”
Hello, lovelies! Apologies for the long delay between chapters - real life has taken over and I've had neither the time nor the motivation to write, but I'm back at it now and I am determined to get this fic finished.
Lestrade sighed. “To your father. Yes, I am aware, but that doesn’t negate the fact that I am to escort you tonight. Now, in fact.”
Sherlock’s text arrives just as I’m sitting down to eat my dinner.  I do some quick mental maths and figure out that it’s nearly two o’clock in the afternoon where he is, meaning he’s suffered through five hours of interviews so far.  Even though I know that must be awful for him, I feel a momentary sense of sympathy for the people who are scheduled to interview him later in the afternoon.
morning, John couldn’t take it anymore.  The flat was a bloody disaster.  Bits of abandoned experiments littered the kitchen table.  File folders, graphs, books and various papers were scattered around Sherlock’s chair, the desk and the sofa.  Half-full teacups occupied every flat surface (and some not-so-flat surfaces) in every room.  John felt like he was wading through an incoming tide of Sherlockian detritus and it was giving him hives.
On my doorstep stands a thirty-something professional woman, looking remarkably pulled together for so early in the morning.  She’s wearing a crisp white shirt tucked into a dark pencil skirt, some pointed high heels that seem more like torture devices than shoes, and her dark curly hair is pulled back in a pile on top of her head.  She’s also juggling a drinks tray and a paper bag along with a large handbag and an armful of newspapers.
It’s the one I suggested to him the first time he came in -- the book about conflict and military interventions in Afghanistan.
An arm descends around my shoulders, startling me back to reality.  “Hey, Johnny,” Greg beams at me, before pulling me into an uncomfortable hug.  He’s in his uniform, his helmet making him appear taller and the neon yellow of his jacket blinding in the dimmer light of the shop.
With that, Sherlock turned to face the lion above him and, placing his hands on the cement base, pushed himself up, knees scrabbling slightly to gain purchase on the hard surface.  He stood, reaching out to balance himself on the back of the bronze sculpture, and looked down at John’s annoyed face below him.
John found himself unceremoniously released, the redhat next to him snapping, “Show some respect for your Princes, Captain.”
“Just in time to join the bloodborne pathogen chat,” I tell Mike as I send them into the sitting room so I can hang up Nicola’s coat.  There is an eruption of voices as introductions are made and drinks orders are placed.  I’m secretly glad to be avoiding this part but also feel bad leaving Sherlock on his own to be introduced to my friends.
I take Sally’s advice and settle into the armchair and waste some time playing a word search game on my phone while the others bustle around me.  After a while, Sherlock appears wrapped in a dressing gown, and they flock to him, chattering a stream of questions and demands.  He notices me immediately, however, and ignores them.  “John!” he exclaims, eyes alight with mischief, and I find myself with a lapful of Sherlock Holmes.
⟪Last night was brilliant, better than expected, really.  I’m out for a walk at the moment… Want to meet for a coffee?  Nero on Notting Hill Gate?⟫
“Mmhmm -- Oh, wait, I got something for dessert!”  I pull away, throwing Sherlock a cheeky grin as I rummage through the bag on the counter and pull out a packet of Hobnobs.  “For old times’ sake?”
- Chinese whispers is the British term for the game telephone that children play.  As an American, I was really uncomfortable when I first heard it used because of it’s undoubtedly racist origins, but I assume this is how John would refer to the game so it’s in the story.
Sally whistles and the others shout comments at him, so clearly I’m not the only one who thinks he looks good.  Sherlock seems slightly bashful at the attention, but he hides it well under a layer of bored indifference.
At Anderson’s exclamation, I suddenly recognise the man standing in front of me -- I’ve seen him on enough magazine covers that it should have been obvious earlier. Now I feel rather ridiculous that it took me so long to place him, but I honestly never expected him to come into my shop. When you see celebrities on telly or film posters, it’s so easy to forget that they’re just people; people who do ordinary things like pop to the shops, meet friends for a drink, and, apparently, patronise independent bookstores.
Sherlock shrugged, his expression suddenly serious but shy. “As long as I get to dance with you, then you can step on my toes as many times as you want.”
“It says ‘To Philip Anderson, Your mere presence is enough to make me despair for the future of humanity.’ And if you have no other annoying questions, I think I’ll be off.” He walks towards the door, coat swirling around him, and stops with his hand on the handle, turning back to look at me, grey eyes reverting to some of their earlier warmth, “Good day, John.”
I ignore it -- it’s locked and the sign is flipped to ‘closed’ so whoever it is can come back tomorrow.  Shuffling the bank statement back in order, I set it to the side and begin to shut down the computer.
However, the very idea of improv terrifies me -- sounds like my worst nightmare, actually.  Worse than shipping out to my first deployment and facing real threats to my life and safety.  My brain seems to into a state of alarm when put on the spot and I’m not able to form coherent sentences, let alone be quick-witted and one step ahead.
“Time is of the essence and I need to be away from here,” he responded, as if that were a justifiable reason for commandeering someone else’s taxicab.
“Is that something that you realised while you were in treatment or later on?” Naga asks, her voice sounding falsely sincere to my ears.
My stomach rumbles again, which causes us both to laugh, and we dig in, heaping our plates full of food.  Sherlock pours red wine for us both and we settle in to eat.
Before John could even register what was happening, the man opened the door, lept from the taxi and took off down the street into the night, the driver shouting curses out the window after him.  Without hesitating — and John would think back on this moment frequently in the future and wonder at his decision — John wrestled fifty shillings out of his pocket, thrust the coin at the driver, and exited the taxi after the man, limping as fast as he could in pursuit.
Well. That’s not at all what I expected him to say, so I tell him, “That’s not at all what I expected you to say.”
“If we can just keep calm, I am certain we could come to some arrangement that suits us all.”  The man said this like someone who was used to getting his way.  His accent and his clothing were clear indicators that he came from money.  The observation made John’s irritation prickle again.
5. And some other photos of John’s outfit, Sherlock's pocket square, and Molly and Greg’s house (far right):
Greg makes a frustrated noise and I can picture him pinching the bridge of his nose.  “Why didn’t you tell me before now, like right after you got that first text?”  He’s struggling to keep his voice down -- Molly is probably asleep next to him -- but I can hear the exasperation, nonetheless.
Finally, Mummy said, “Thank you, Captain Watson, for looking after the Prince. Breakfast will be served in the Morning Room shortly, if you care to join us. You as well, Major Lestrade.”
While he should follow behind his brother and perform the same greetings, he struggled to move from his position just inside the door.  As he deliberated, Major Lestrade stepped up beside him and spoke.
It’s Thursday -- for the last couple months, Greg, Mike and I have had standing plans to meet up for a drink after work once a week.  I know why they insist on it, and while I wish they didn’t feel it necessary to check up on me, it has been nice to see them regularly and have a reason to be social.  We choose a different pub each week and Mike has devised a complicated rating system to grade our experience at each one.  It’s silly, I know, but it’s now part of the tradition.  Tonight we’re planning on going to the Cock & Bottle -- Greg’s idea, suggested with a wink, to which I had rolled my eyes.
And being faced with the prospect of typical post-weekend small talk with Anderson, I find I have completely forgotten how this social contract works.  I mean, I did have a good weekend, a marvelous one, really, but it almost feels like an impossible thing to share with the world.  And do I even want to?  Something about it feels too new, too precious, like I want to keep it mine for just a while longer.
The food is delicious -- I haven’t ordered from this Indian takeaway in a long time and make a mental note to do so more often.  After a few bites, because it still doesn’t sit right, I ask “So did Sally buy our dinner?”
I loved writing this chapter and I'm so excited to share it with you all now! Fingers crossed that you enjoy it as well.
He didn’t care. There would be time for many long, leisurely orgasms, perhaps even in a bed, but right now, this was perfect.
Sherlock waits on the pavement, hunched and turned towards the window, hiding his face, while I lock the door and the security gate.  As we walk through the streets of Notting hill towards my flat, he follows closely at my elbow.  It’s a bit surreal to have him next to me again, but the circumstances are so vastly different from before that I feel on edge.
But only if Sherlock is in agreement, which isn’t guarantee, considering things between us were strained last night and the sitting room door was a clear barrier this morning.  This thought gives me pause -- what if he wasn’t even there?  What if he left sometime during the night?  A ripple of alarm zips down my spine.  I’ve been thinking about this like it’s solely my decision, but as they say, it takes two to tango and there is every possibility that Sherlock may not want to be my friend after I turned him down.  With dawning horror, I realise that I’ve placed him in the ‘friend zone’ like he was some soppy sidekick, when he is, in fact, a literal leading man, and assumed he’d passively accept whatever decision I made. . . Oh my god.
No, it’s best that we remain friends.  Less messy that way.  I can be there for him during this whole drama with the press, and then afterwards we can continue to see each other and chat but with no pressure for it to be anything more or to attempt to merge our worlds.  It makes sense.
“Yes, of course,” he said finally with a soft sigh. “But then, it seems that we are all stuck in one cage or another, yours is just more gilded than most. What would you do then, if you were truly free to do whatever you wanted?”
From across the table, Sherlock shot his brother a bright smile before Mycroft turned and strode from the room. Then he turned to Lestrade and said, “I am terribly sorry that you had to deal with him all evening, Major. He is such a bore.”
Finally, after long moments of discomfort, a footman approached. “Your Majesties, breakfast is served.”
“For as long as you want - for dinner, for the night. . .” Sherlock paused and fiddled with his teacup before looking up through his lashes, “Forever.”
The combination of delicious food, a lot of wine, and rather intense conversation has given me a content buzz as we leave Angelo’s to walk along Northumberland Street, now quiet, back towards Charing Cross.  Our hands touch once, twice and then again.  Each brush of his skin is driving me crazy and I want nothing more than to reach out and hold his hand, or pull him against me and kiss that mouth again, lush and wine-stained.  But we’re about to step out into one of the busiest areas of London, much less private than my little street, so I’m not sure what’s allowed, what Sherlock would permit in public.
John looked up.  “Really?”  It turned out precome stung a bit. Sherlock chuckled but stopped when John fondled his cock to keep it out of his eye.  Then, he dropped one hand between Sherlock’s legs and massaged his perineum.   “Move your bum forward a bit, love.”
“It’s clear that your predilection is to be optimistic, but I would rather you be sure.” Sherlock sighed when the Paramedic’s jaw dropped. “I can tell that you’re an experienced Paramedic. Your uniform shows that you’ve lost and put-on weight at least five times and it’s entirely possible you were working for the ambulance service before that, as your boots show significant wear. However, John and I are not experienced parents and we want you to be sure that Rosie is alright.”
John sipped of his drink. It was vile. He leant his head on Sherlock’s shoulder and whispered to him. “This is going to be the slowest pole-dance in the history of mankind, isn’t it?”  No sooner had the words left his mouth than the man onstage climbed onto his pole.  “Told you.”
Sherlock froze. He pictured the act in question.  His cock twitched.  “Take me to the room where you were.”
“You like sex toys then?” John passed the strawberry lube to Sherlock, who used it to slick the hand wrapped around the base of John’s cock.
Sherlock sat in the bath. He’d used far too much bubble bath and the water had made his pale skin pink.
“My lack of sexual experience doesn’t bestow ownership of my penis to you,” Sherlock said.  “It is still my body to do what I want to with and, right now, I’d like to use it to help to stop a very bad man from doing many bad things.”
“Will it help Mark and Les?” Nathan bit his lip.  Sherlock nodded.  “Fine.”  He sighed. “When I was at work last week I went to see Peter.  I was outside the VIP waiting room door, staff side, when I heard Mark’s voice. I snuck in and hid behind the bar. I shouldn’t’ve but I was scared cos Peter sounded really angry.  He told Mark that he knew about aggro and about Europe, or maybe Euro-summin’? He said if Mark didn’t protect him, he’d kill Les, then he would kill me and then, when Mark was out of his head with grief, he’d kill him too.”
Lesley Shaw and the man known as Mark Tyler married eighteen months previously. All signs were that the marriage was purely convenient for the blackmailing operation.  Tyler’s real name was Frank Little, a known criminal with links to organised crime, including a certain Marquês.  A businessman, the real Tyler, was declared missing in 2004.  Little was likely responsible for his death. Apart from the connection to Doubles, there was no reason why he’d have killed Jason Liverson or Brandon Cox.
Fabian led Sherlock and Lestrade to the room.  Sherlock used the time to study Bouchard.  From the scuffs at the back of Fabian’s trousers, he struggled to make ends meet despite working for a prestigious brothel. His shoes were polished but worn. His shirt was a Lyle and Scott rip-off rather than the real thing. From the state of Fabian’s nails and the slight tremor in his hands, he was a nervous man. Drug use? Possible. It was likely he used his abilities in the sexual arts to hide his social discomfort.  Sherlock made a mental note to find out how much the employees earned at the brothel.
“No, but we could make a start,” John said.  “Take some of the sting out of it?”   He felt for all the world like hiding underneath Mycroft’s desk.   “Will you think some more about it?  Please?”
“That is the best offer I ever get, I think,” Piero said.  “I will say yes to your help and I give you what help I can.”
“Fed up of both,” John said.  “I’ve booked us a table somewhere nice. You need to go and put on a suit.”
“Strip,” John demanded when the kiss ended and immediately worked on his own clothes. John almost ripped the buttons off his shirt as he tugged it open and off. He looked at Sherlock, who pulled off one sock with panther-like grace. The second came off with all the grace of a one-legged rhino.  Sherlock stumbled and fell on his backside with a hard thud. In response, John did what any self-respecting British man would do and laughed.
“Yes,” John hissed.  “I feel sure that I’m very dirty right there.”   He leant forward a little more and lifted his backside free of the water.
“Show my brother in when he arrives, will you, Marion?  Oh, and would you organise some tea and cake to be brought in?”  Mycroft closed his eyes for a moment. He didn’t listen to Marion’s murmur of what would certainly be acquiescence. Instead, he focused on his breathing and the prospect of cake.
They took a taxi to a pop-up restaurant called Borage, housed on a roof terrace and enclosed in glass, in Southwark.  John and Sherlock were led to a private table that overlooked the river.   The lights of the city splintered across the tidal water and reflected the darkening skies with its pinhole stars.  Here, Sherlock was connected to his city. It was different to chasing through the streets, but he still felt London’s heartbeat; the rhythms and sounds that were uniquely its own.
“You won’t be my first,” Sherlock admitted. “Just because I live in a relatively celibate way now, does not mean that it was always the case. However, I want you to know that the men I’ve shared a heat with before were just men.”
Until John Watson appeared, Sherlock had viewed sex and his status as an Alpha to be useful only in the acquisition of drugs, information or other such benefits. Sherlock had not only doubted the existence of love, but also that sex would ever appeal beyond the need to bring his transport, his body, back under control.  For good or ill, drug abuse had made his cock less irrepressible and more unresponsive.
“Good evening, Dr Watson,” Sherlock replied. “I wondered if you might like to give me a physical this evening?”
Sherlock looked up. His gaze met John’s for a moment before John closed his eyes. Sherlock wondered if John would pretend the person sucking his dick was a woman. Sherlock slicked his fingers and reached behind him.
“Surprisingly okay. Probably have a few endorphins to thank for that.” John stroked Sherlock’s leg. “It felt amazing. I’m so glad it was you.”
Sherlock found a packet of baby wipes, cleaned lint off the anal vibrator and slicked it with lube.  All the time, he barely stopped watching John.  When he finally stopped John’s exertions, his hole was open and wet with lube. The vibrator slipped in easily and Sherlock used its remote to put it on the lowest setting.
“Because you blogged that Sherlock was in love with you and that you shagged and then you ran away.”
John stopped walking. He turned and faced the Tech. “You helped my daughter, we helped you. I think we’re even, hmm?”
, that Charles would make sure his best clients made their way out, but suddenly there were sirens and John was relieved, so relieved.
“I’ve got a sore arse.” Sherlock’s soaping had reached his backside and, well, it hurt. He spun around to show John, who leant forward to look at Sherlock’s right bum-cheek.
John took a slice of lemon cake.  “We’ve been listening to Beyoncé.  See you Thursday,” he said before he too turned and followed Sherlock.
“We can’t talk about this now.”  Sherlock rammed the pillow into its case with such force he heard the stitches creak.  “I will.  One day.”
Sherlock howled when another orgasm ripped through him, and the red-tinted frenzy that lived in all Alphas threatened to bloody his vision. The animal in him wanted to push John down, thrust into him over and over until he came and came, and unconsciousness took them both. Sherlock closed his eyes tight and held on to the man in his arms, breathing in the John Watson who lay beneath the flush of heat. Although Sherlock refused to give in to rut, more release seemed to flow from the last.
Made up title as far as I am aware. Evora is an area of Portugal and Marquês is the Portuguese Marquis. Portugal, as far as I can tell, doesn’t have any major issues with organised crime, with the exception of some crossover with Spanish mafia groups and small level gangs. Portugal has some of the most lenient drug laws in the West, in that they have decriminalised the use of drugs and the carrying of ten days (or less) supply of narcotics in favour of focusing on trafficking, dealing and links to organised crime. However, Portugal is a well-known transit route for immigrants, from Africa, and drugs, from South America and from the east.  My invented Marquês is involved in the trade of both.
“We need to pick up Rosie, yes.  Sherlock’s spent the day at Scotland Yard. I know it’s safe, but it’s not really the right place for my daughter to spend time.”
John and Harry talk while Rosie plays merry hell with an ice-cream.   Sherlock interviews Dan Murphy and has an epiphany.  The murderer is revealed.  Mycroft stands in for John so Sherlock can work out the details.  The murderer is on his way to London. Surely nothing could go wrong, could it?
“Your arrogance is pretty special at times,” John managed to reply before he laughed. Rosie laughed too.  She liked to join in.  John pulled a face at her. She laughed louder, waved her hands around and slapped John on the face. It served him right, he supposed.   “So, are you nearly ready?  We need to drop Rosie off at the childminder’s on the way to Langridge’s so we need to leave early. Mrs Hudson chewed my ear off last night about not getting anything done because this case is such a monster.”
John nodded. They reversed their steps and went through the central blackout room area door.  Before them was a narrow corridor that led to a lift.  The lift had up, down and emergency buttons.  The down button didn’t work, so up they went.  The lift rose what only seemed like a few feet and then stopped. When the doors opened, the room was truly pitch black.  John, Sherlock and Lestrade fumbled with torches or phones to give them guiding light.
“It’s better than it was,” Sherlock said.  “I’ve been monitoring the appropriate levels of nutrition for Colin’s daughter. I try to make sure that she gets the correct vitamins, minerals, proteins, fats, carbohydrates and that she has the required amounts of fibre to ensure that she doesn’t get constipation, which I understand can be a problem with small children. As a result, we are eating healthier than we did. I have appropriate and regular bowel movements most of the time.”
“I haven’t seen this particular concentration before, but it’s essentially GHB with a higher concentration of Sodium oxybate and added Benzodiazepines.”
“I can hear two helicopters,” Sharan said.  John frowned at her. “I grew up near RAF Benson. I know what helicopters sound like.”
“Ffff-ffff-go away.” John lifted his head and leaned towards Sherlock. His lips were like gravity and they pulled him in.
John smiled. His respiratory rate was high, his heart beat loud in his ears and every muscle seemed… Ow.
“You have until I drink this tea, John, to tell me anything else you need me to know. I don’t know how long I can stop myself from touching you.” Sherlock took a big mouthful of tea; it was hot, but it was bearable. John would need to talk fast.
“I have someone who can help you.” Sherlock smiled.  “You’ll like him. Just don’t leave him unattended.”
“I’m aware of human biology.” Sherlock blushed.  His cognitive function had suddenly become trapped behind a mental image of his come dribbling from John’s backside.  “Can we change the sheets?”
“Urgh, that was disgusting. I think someone just shot the dude’s hand off,” Sharan said.  “I did not need to see that after having strawberry jam in my porridge this morning.”
Lestrade wrapped his coat around Reid with amusement, then led them back upstairs.   Sherlock turned to John whose eyes glowed in the night with a dark intensity and a hint of mischief.  Sherlock licked his lips.  John reached out a hand. Sherlock drew side by side with him.
The dildo pulled out of John a little way and then pushed back in. At the same time, the flesh-light rippled around him, as though his cock was in someone’s mouth and they’d just sucked. It didn’t feel like Sherlock and none of it was as pleasant as human interaction, but it did the job. Hot shame flooded John’s system. This wasn’t what he wanted, but it’s what his body demanded. Sherlock, on the hand, seemed only to enjoy the view.
“My suggestion is that you set up a camera in here,” Nathan said. “Go through your moves and then watch the tape. You just wanna check you know how much you’re showing.  A couple of dry-runs with a camera, and you’re all set.”
“Monsieur Bouchard!” Charles Langridge walked across the foyer.  “That is hardly acceptable language for reception.”
“No, shut it!” John replied. “I’m going to promise you something that I know you’re thinking about whether you admit it or not.  Sherlock Holmes, although I love you and I have no idea what I would do without you, I promise not to jump in front of a bullet for you, you cock. I won’t do it
Sherlock tried to roll his eyes, but John was pleased to note that he doesn’t quite manage it. “Just push it all onto the floor, John. It’s hardly important.”
With a grumbled curse under my breath, I quickly follow after her and by the time I get to the sitting room, she’s dumped the newspapers on the coffee table and is scrolling through her phone.  “It’s all over the Daily Mail, obviously.  They’ve already got six different articles up about you -- they’ve been hoping for something like this for years.  Arseholes.  The Sun, too, of course, and TMZ.  People jumped on board this morning.  They’re a bit more sympathetic to you than the others, but not by much.”
On Thursday evening, when the shops are open later, I spend a couple hours searching for a good birthday gift for Harry.  She’s always been impossible to buy for, but there seems to be added pressure this year since she’s turning thirty.  After looking in seven different stores, I finally settle on a backpack handbag thing that the saleswoman convinced me was cool.  It’s vegan, of course -- I learned my lesson last time I gave her something leather.  Then I pick up some her favourite Faber-Castell pens, which seems like a cop out, but I know she’ll appreciate it because she’s constantly losing them.  I contemplate a bottle of fizz, but that’s just asking for trouble and there will be enough booze at Greg and Molly’s as it is.  On my way home, I buy a gift bag so I can avoid wrapping anything in paper and a simple birthday card, which I sign ‘love, Johnny’ when I get home and toss it in the bag with the gifts.
Her obvious disapproval makes me stubbornly defiant and I nod.  “I said no.  We don’t make any sense, Harry.  He’s this brilliant, gorgeous celebrity and I’m, well, I’m just me.”
From there, the camera zeroes in on the presenters, cutting Sherlock from the shot, as they segue to the next segment on honey bees.  I breathe a sigh of relief that it’s over.  It was hard enough for me to watch so I can’t imagine how Sherlock feels after having to discuss his personal life on national television.  It must be the absolute worst thing about his job.
Shaking himself of that niggling worry and with a burst of false determination, Sherlock strode across the foyer and came to a stop at the foot of the stair, John close behind him.
“Hey, boss,” Anderson’s head pops around the office door, “I’m gonna go grab some lunch.  Want me to pick something up for you?”
“It is obvious, John.” Sherlock sighed, maintaining a neutral tone of voice despite the excitement he felt at being proven right.
My throat feels strangely tight, so I just nod and ring it through, adding it to be bag containing the rest of his purchases.
He seems so young and hopeful sitting there in his -- my -- pyjamas, a riot of curls across his forehead, and the sight nearly breaks me, but I force myself to be reasonable.  “Well, erm, that was. . . wow.  Um, I still feel like there’s a lot we need to unpack from all of that, but I appreciate you telling me.  And while I think I understand your perspective a bit better, it doesn't mean that I'm not still royally pissed off with you.  And Mycroft.”  Mainly Mycroft -- what kind of name is that anyway?
When Mycroft did not appear immediately - where was he? - Sherlock started toward their private chambers, shouting his brother’s name into each new room he entered.  It wasn’t until he reached the interior drawing room that he came across Mycroft, who had the day’s newspapers spread on the table before him, a cup of tea at his elbow, and his face hidden behind one of the broadsheets.
I knew Sherlock for less than two weeks, and yet he seems to have left a permanent stain on the fabric of my life.
Molly and Sherlock are seated on the sofa, chatting.  He looks relaxed, thank god, and Molly is containing her excitement remarkably well with only a slight flush staining her cheeks to give her away.   Passing Sherlock his glass of wine, I sit on the sofa next to him and try to pick up the thread of the conversation.
It’s clear that neither of us is inclined to chat, so we make the journey in silence.  The cool wind whips around us and leaves blow across our feet.  The night air feels turbulent and charged, but that could just be my nerves.  Arriving at my street door, I unlock it and stand back so that Sherlock can enter before me, assuming he’ll want to be out of the public eye as quickly as possible.
Eventually, after it’s gone completely dark outside, I extricate myself from the limpet-like grip he has on me and declare that it’s time for dinner.  As expected, he whines and attempts to persuade me back to the chair, but after that fails, he levers himself out of the chair and follows along behind me as I pluck the shopping bag from the table and walk into the kitchen, shoulders squared with purpose.
The urge to touch returned, and Sherlock lifted a hand out to John, but John shook his head. “Not here.” Sherlock dropped his hand as if scalded, and normal sound returning, noticed the other people on the surrounding pavement as though for the first time. John’s expression softened. “Come on.”
“We heard your speech, Sir. We were in a pub and they had the radio turned up so everyone could hear.”
I’m realise that I'm being a total idiot, coming to a pub to drink with my mates while Sherlock is going through some kind of personal hell at the moment.  Leaving Sherlock alone in my flat was a total shit move.  “I need to go,” I say, loudly, insistent.  “Sorry, guys, I just. . . can’t be here.”
Some days I want to throttle him, but right now, I just want him out of my hair. “Best get one while we can still afford it -- we’ll be stuck with instant coffee if this continues…”
Sherlock’s face takes on a devious expression and he looks up, announcing “Armon, you heard John, I’m going dressed as I am.”
I fish the tea bags out of the cups and put a drop of milk in Sherlock’s before depositing it on the table in front of him, setting my own plain grey cup on the table and taking the seat opposite.
The term ‘escalation’ pops into my mind.  He’s moved on from sending text messages and now has the nerve to stand in my shop.  The fact that this person, this stranger, thinks he has any right to interfere in our lives is galling.  How he’s connected to Sherlock, if he is at all, remains unclear -- perhaps he’s some billionaire playboy who thinks he can buy the attention of celebrities.
Those words sound too melancholy, too final.  I turn back to him, hand propping open the door.  “Sherlock, just so you know, I missed you, too.”
“Hi,” I say, tentatively.  Sherlock’s eyes are roaming over my body and I know he’s judging my outfit.  Damnit.  He looks fantastic, of course -- grey suit, simple and expertly tailored, white shirt open at the neck, same boots as earlier in the day and one of those pocket squares that I've never been able to pull off.  And he’s holding a bouquet of gorgeous sunflowers.
At his breathless acceptance, Sherlock looked surprised, like he had planned a categorical list of all the reasons why John should stay. But John didn’t require any convincing because the look of sheer longing that Sherlock had given him was enough to push aside any doubts. Just as it had been on V-E Day, John was easily swept away by this man.
We stand, giggling in the shadows, for a few more minutes, until the couple can no longer be heard and then slip out from our hiding place to make our way back to the gate on Rosmead Road, keeping to the grass to hide our footsteps.  This time Sherlock gestures for me to climb over first and I manage with a bit more dignity than my first attempt.  Sherlock quickly follows and we set off down the road, away from our transgression of trespassing and head in the direction of my flat.
John shook his head with a laugh - of course this rich bloke, whose suit cost more than all of John’s possessions put together, didn’t have any coins on him.  Just his bloody luck.  “This round’s on me then,” he said, and with that, John struck off towards the bar to place an order, shoving confidently and sure-of-foot between other patrons.
As he had hoped, the soldiers welcomed his addition to their chorus with a cheer and the five of them continued with the song.  Sherlock could feel the eyes of the crowd on them, but he shrugged off the natural discomfort the attention brought and threw himself into the role of drunken reveller.  No one would recognise him like this, he was certain.  As the song came to an end, Sherlock was swept into a group hug and he laughed, quite genuinely, at the ridiculousness of the situation.
John's tongue teased against Sherlock's lips, and he parted them in eager invitation. When he felt John's hot tongue connect with his own, his knees practically gave out and he found himself holding on tighter to John for support.
I huff out a laugh and go to perch on the edge of the bed, facing him.  Despite feeling flayed open before him, my lips still twist into a smile when I look up into his face.
She laughs and next to her, I can see Sherlock exhale slowly.  I shoot them both a wink and then go to the kitchen to rescue Greg from his self-flagellation.
After receiving a few elbows to the kidneys as he pushed his way through the throng of people, Sherlock finally re-emerged at the foot of the lion statue to see John leaning against it, feet crossed at the ankle, flag held loosely in his left hand, and one eyebrow raised, clearly waiting for him.  Not that Sherlock thought that John would have disappeared, but the fact that he was still here made Sherlock inexplicably happy.
“He was here, Greg.  The guy who’s been sending the texts came to the shop!”  It’s impossible to keep the note of hysteria out of my voice.
Across from him, Sherlock shifted in his seat and adjusted the leg of his perfectly-pressed trousers, recrossing his legs slowly and avoiding John’s gaze. Finally, he looked up, a faint flush colouring his cheeks, and said, “I saw you. During the funeral procession. I saw you and needed to write to you.”
“That’s ridiculous.”  He glares at the fence as if its caused personal offence.  “A primary tenet of the urban parks movement was to create spaces that were for the  benefit of
Decision made, he nodded perfunctorily and followed behind the Princes as they turned to leave the ballroom. Major Lestrade gave him a sympathetic look before falling into step beside John.
“Hmm.  While technically true, perhaps a little context might be helpful,” Sherlock says.  Everyone is staring at me.
Mac shrugged.  “Aye, but I’m also not going to let it bring down the night, ‘specially with all the girls right here.  Who needs the Curzon?”
“I’m early, but I come bearing coffee,” she says and once again pushing passed me into the sitting room.  I sigh -- so much for our day in bed.
.  Pleased that it was one he knew, Sherlock plastered a lopsided grin on his face, relaxed his posture and stumbled his way towards them, joining in at the chorus.
They watched the taxi pull away, make a slow turn in the roundabout up ahead, and then drive past them in the opposite direction, towards Westminster. Sherlock had an impish smile on his face and John couldn’t help but laugh.
Major Lestrade looked skeptical.  “You observed my life story,” he asked, his tone leaning towards impertinent. He caught himself just in time and quickly added, “Your Highness.”
Before Sherlock could even move or respond, John had pushed open the passenger door and was out onto the pavement, settling his hat back on his head and shutting the door behind him, the noise deafening to Sherlock’s ears. Assuming that nod and smile had been his farewell, Sherlock prepared himself for John squaring his shoulders and marching into the hospital without a second look. The very idea congealed in his stomach.
“Are you mad?” John answered, which seemed to imply that he had considered it as a possibility.  “No.  You’re getting out and I’m going home.  You can make your own way to Trafalgar, I don’t bloody care how, but it won’t be in my taxi!”  By the end of it, John realised he’d been shouting.  He took a deep breath and settled himself back into the corner of the seat.  What on Earth was happening right now?
I’ve never felt the need to look over my shoulder while walking home before, at least not in this part of London, but I do so tonight, picking up my pace, eyes and ears attuned to every slight noise and movement as I walk the half-mile back to my flat.  It’s like I’m on patrol again, my body remembering what to do after years of drills and missions.  By the time I reach my flat, blood is thrumming in my ears and my heart is racing.  Taking the stairs two at a time, I quickly unlock my door, closing it behind me and ensuring that the Yale lock and the deadbolt are are both secure.
