Since Dean was there for the challenge, Castiel didn’t expect him to follow as he left for the afternoon’s chores. At his suggestion for Dean to make himself at home, Dean shrugged and said, “Hey, I’m here, might as well help around the place.”
That’s right, Dean had lost both of his parents.
“Wow, you really have no clue? I needed… No, you know what. We came, we saw, and we conquered. Our little partnership is over. We aren’t buddies, Cas. You don’t owe me anything, and I sure as fuck, don’t owe you anything,”
“Have you been watching the weather?”
As his brother walked quickly away, Max leaned against the fence. “What’s going on?”
They got out of the truck and Castiel followed Dean up the stone walk to the front door. The living room was small, but nicely laid out. A brown corduroy sofa was set against the front wall facing a huge television affixed to the opposite wall. Bookcases lined the far wall and a recliner was angled to face the TV by the front door. The artwork on the walls were depictions of cowboys and cattle.
Dean glanced up at the sky. They had about three hours of daylight l
“Yeah, but I didn’t think… Hey, did Crowley give you a hard time?”
Then that same mouth opened and took Dean inside. The wet heat engulfed him and he let his head lull back, eyes closed, savoring the exquisite feeling that was all Cas. The man was good... so damn good. Dean raised his hands to cradle Cas’ head, brushing his fingers through the still damp waves of dark hair. He held on, not for guidance, because Cas knew exactly what he was doing, but to keep Dean from floating away. “Cas, I...” He what? Wanted more? Wanted a lifetime of this? Wanted something other than one night in a cheap hotel. He shook his head. He couldn’t wish for something he could never have.
“Fine.” Dean repeated because he was just that childish. He opened the door and led the way to the SUV.
“Shhhh,” came Dean’s reply.
do anything to..." Cas hesitated. "I just don't date or 'hook up' anymore. If that's all you want from me, I can call you a cab."
. The mostly female audience swooned over the dude. Dean didn’t see what the fuss was about. Cas was a lot hotter.
“Whoa, Cher, I’m not a homophobe, I just didn’t want things to get weird. He is a Novak. We’re just low in the food chain. If he hits on you or something, and you... look, all I’m saying is sexual harassment doesn’t just happen in posh offices.”
Dean appeared to be trying to tell his brother something with his facial expressions and Castiel looked on with interest. Finally, Sam nodded. “Hey, John, let's stop by the gift shop and we’ll meet your dad there in a few minutes.” Castiel watched them walk away and then lifted a brow in question.
“Everything okay? You sound weird.”
Sighing at the no-win situation, Castiel pulled his safety-tested SUV into the driveway of the modest home. A large gas-guzzler was parked in front of the open garage. It was pretty, he supposed, for an environmental nightmare. As they walked by, he smelled motor oil and ventured a glance into the cavernous space. A large workbench held a multitude of tools of every shape and size. So, this Dean person was handy. Castiel frowned. He could barely screw in a light bulb, but he had book smarts, and that had to count for something. Castiel imagined the man was one of those that sat on the couch every Sunday, drinking beer and watching football.
with an alias. It is stored in your phone under the name Charles Whitfield. I’m a friend from LA, though it should never come up.” He touched the smaller phone. “This one is a burner phone. This is for emergencies only. You get made, you see something suspicious... whatever, call this one.”
“Enough to know she, and probably everyone else, knows we slept together.” Dean laughed coldly at the choice of words.
“Tour,” both Castiel and Dean said at once. Sam looked back and forth between them. Dean shrugged.
“Dean, is anyone else joining us?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Among other things. The Lutin make sure she has plenty of insects and occasionally, she will feast small rodents.”
I feel as though I've cheated my readers, because this is not my best work. Someday, I hope to come back and flesh the story out and give you a better ending, but for now, this is all I have in me. Stress kills creativity.
In his bedroom, he moved toward the bed without turning on the light. He heard Cas following him. He sat down on the edge of his bed, rocking her back and forth. “I’m going to tell you a story, okay?”
“No, your turn was last weekend, but you were out with God knows which slut you’re seeing these days and now, you’ll have to wait.”
“We should... bedroom... oh, God...” Dean’s mouth found one of his nipples and teeth scraped the sensitive bud. “Dean...”
It turned out that adrenaline from almost being killed made him really horny. So horny that he’d been on Cas the minute the door slammed behind him. Sweet Jesus, the man could kiss. It was wet and filthy, and fuck if it had any finesse at all, but it got the point across. They left a trail of shoes and clothing, so by the time they reached Cas’ bedroom, both were down to their boxer briefs and seeing Cas... He needed to buy stock in Fruit of the Loom, because they left nothing to the imagination, and he was loving the view. The thick shaft was outlined beautifully and there was a small wet dot showing just how aroused Cas was. Dean curled his fingers around the waistband and tugged them down enough to reveal Cas’ uncut cockhead. Damn, he wanted to taste it.
He was about to stand and make way for the staff to set up the table he’d commandeered, when the kitchen door opened again. This time, it was Cas. He looked wrecked. Claire’s head was on his shoulder and she looked puffy like she’d cried herself to sleep. Dean stood to face the music.
“Benny? Why Benny?”
“Yes, Mom.”
“Dean, I explained this to you,” Charlie whispered, “Everyone loves you and Cas and they ship you. The fans of the show enjoy watching the two of you bicker back and forth, but then look at each other with heart eyes.”
Castiel smiled at Meg. His teeth were brilliant white against his tanned skin and stubble. Dean rubbed his own smooth cheek. Guess their visit didn’t warrant a shave.
“No, it’s mine.”
“Is this about that night in my bedroom? Were you not satisfied?”
“Cas, you’re it for me. From that first day... as crazy as it sounds, I felt this pull. Even before I found out Claire was... mine... I wanted to see her. Be with her.” He bit his lip. This was damn hard. “But it was because she was yours. I thought if I could get her to like me, that her dad wouldn’t have a choice, ya know?”
“It’s a touch screen,” Sam said. “I thought we’d talk, Dean.” And fuck if he didn’t give Dean
Dean went over to the hosts’ table and sat next to Charlie. She gave him a look.  “What?” Dean asked defensively.
Since he had to pull his first Saturday morning shift, he made his way up to his room at nine. As he brushed his teeth, he eyed his reflection. “You’re officially old, Winchester. Friday night and you’re ready for bed like a toddler.”
him?”
“Austin is more liberal than most of the state, but there are bigots everywhere.”
“Can both of you just let it go?” Both of his friends gave him looks of pity and he groaned, covering his face with his hands. “We slept together and then he went home. To
Someone banged on Dean’s door and he rolled his eyes. “Sorry, Cas, duty calls.”
“Fine.” His life couldn’t get any worse. He quickly sent up a prayer begging forgiveness for that stupid thought.
“Do you remember when Sam and I told you to open your own restaurant?”
Meg looked at Charlie and she grinned. “One week. I’ve cleared Dean’s schedule and he’s all yours for the duration, starting tomorrow.”
“I began going on trips like this while I was in college. The Nile, the Amazon, the Everglades. When I finished my Masters, I got to lead a few studies and got a job at Boston U. I finished up my PhD there. Florida offered me head of the zoology department and I took it, now I get called on to do studies for both state and federal. What about you? How long have you been a game warden?”
“Be right there.” Dean hung up, dressed hurriedly in jeans and a clean uniform shirt. He grabbed his utility belt, checked to make sure his gun was where it was supposed to be and headed down the hall. He opened Mandy’s door. She was curled up under her zebra print comforter. He went to her and sat on the edge of the bed. “Baby girl?”
The room wasn’t the Hilton, but it wasn’t a total dive. Dean set his backpack on the bed and stretched. “You can have the first shower,” Cas told him from where was setting up a laptop on the desk.
His burner phone rang. “Dean,” he murmured after seeing the screen. “Dean, I need to...”
Stefany McGraw won a little contest I ran and she has a cameo role. She will appear in this chapter and the next one.
Dinner turned out to be a chaotic affair. Dean made an atrocious casserole with canned chicken and potato chips. Castiel could almost feel his arteries hardening. Gabriel seemed to like it and Jack would eat just about anything, so they gave no complaints. Balthazar pushed his plate away after one bite. “Perhaps I’ll go out tonight.” Castiel wished he could join him. Work on the farm required fuel for their bodies. This wasn’t even close to what was usually served in the Novak household. Mildred made a valiant effort but excused herself to clean the kitchen. He knew she kept a stash of ice cream in the freezer.
“Rowena, please,” Castiel met her eyes and hoped she could read his mind.
Castiel was left wondering what type Dean liked. The man in question had returned to the table. “Sammy, I have to get to my office. Some of us do work for a living.” Castiel carefully removed the frame from its hook and took it to the counter to wrap.
Surprisingly, Dean didn’t argue with him, while Castiel mixed the plaster for the footprint. The cast would be lifted, measured, and photographed.
“Benny.” Oh, no. Cas’ partner couldn’t see them like this.
He found the picture on his phone. The one Kevin took last month of the two of them at the restaurant. He found himself looking at that picture a lot. More times than he could count.
, he’s being nice. What did the fucker want in return? Dean plastered on a smile and walked over to him.
“No.”
“No ass kicking,” Castiel said with a final pat to the last cow, a young one named Linda Ronstadt. It had been Gabriel’s fault all their cows were named after female rock stars. At least, the goats had normal names.
“Tell me about mom and dad’s death.” Dean’s tone gave no room for argument. Bobby rubbed a hand over his face. “We’ll talk about tonight as soon as you tell me about the fire.”
“Right... Well, you’re here to see the First Edition of Black’s Dictionary of Law.”
The owner’s pickup drove through the gate and Dean pulled through behind him. He stopped and looked at Castiel. “Passenger closes the gate.” Castiel lifted an eyebrow, but did as he’d been told. The trucks bounced across a huge pasture, past a herd of cattle that watched them drive by, then Castiel saw a pond in the distance with the carcasses sprawled out near the bank.
With only three more days of freedom left before he had to babysit some giant nerd, Dean decided to make the most of it. He showered, changed into his tightest jeans, and headed out. Getting drunk and getting laid were on his agenda.
“It will be,” Castiel said, smiling softly at his son’s enthusiasm for the horror author. Jack, like himself, is an avid reader. Where Castiel’s tastes ran toward classical literature, Jack was fond of all things supernatural. Jack then asked about Castiel’s time on the rig, and he promised to send pictures of the Spotted Eagle Ray. Ending the call a few minutes later, Castiel walked out onto the deck by the heliport and stared out at the blue green Gulf.
“Castiel, nice to see you again,” Meg said, hugging the man and kissing his cheek. When she pulled back, she introduced them. “This is Charlie Bradbury and Dean Winchester from FRAC, and you’ve met Max.”
“Ah. If it makes you feel any better, I’ve traveled this route for about ten years now, and so far, nothing has ever gone wrong. Harrison Ford hasn’t had to swoop in and save me once.” Dean opened his eyes to a sheepish grin. “Damn it.”
“Okay, sixty-nine and I’ll raise you the purple vibrator.”
Things are still hot in LA. No word on the water situation. Be good.
As the boat cleared the dock and started chugging down the river, Dean rose to explore. In the aft section, there were several canvas bags and tart covered boxes. “Our Hilton for the next few days,” Benny said from beside him, toeing a crate with his boot. Dean looked up and smiled.
“I’m happy to hear you say that because Mildred and Frank have invited us over for chicken and dumplings.”
“I don’t know, man. Cas is a private person...” Dean nodded to Ash and got inside the SUV. “Airport,” he said to his driver.
When his alarm sounded, he’d only gotten about three hours of sleep. Every time he’d closed his eyes, his mind spun like a windmill in a hurricane. What could he use to euthanize it? A well-placed shot could take it down, but aiming a gun at the small area on the back of its skull would take skill, and that was if the creature wasn’t moving. Alligators tended to react negatively to random shots. One that size... well, it would just piss it off.
The Impala sat where he’d left her. At least, she still loved him. Well, Lola did too, but Cas was being a dick.
“Alright.” Castiel tightened the hug and then released him. When he pushed through the kitchen doors, he swept the room for his daughter... their daughter. His eyes landed on Charlie and her girlfriend... and there were Benny and his wife, Andrea. It wasn’t odd to find them in the restaurant, but not usually on the same night. Ellen was talking to someone, but with her back to him, Castiel couldn’t see who, but he saw Claire in her arms and he started forward to get her.
“I’d lay odds that it was that bastard Adler that called,” Frank was saying.
He rubbed the back of his neck self-consciously and gestured toward the boy. “My kid has a big mouth. Guess he gets that from me.” He had the accent of a Texan and he’d had a boyfriend. Castiel was intrigued. A handsome, possibly gay, maybe bi, man from Texas. That checked all of Castiel’s boxes.
"She doesn't understand empty flattery yet," Castiel said sarcastically. If he wasn't watching closely, he would have missed the hurt look Dean blinked away a moment later. It was a strange reaction for someone like the famous chef.
Cas’ simple response had Dean looking up again. “What? Why?”
He scanned the aps. Angry birds. That one made him smile. Most of the others were typical. He touched the icon for messages. He found his name and scrolled backward. The dumbass kept every fucking text between them. Dean winced at the tone of some of his. It was no wonder Cas gave himself over to Lucifer all those months ago. Yet, Cas loved him. He’d said so, but Dean wasn’t stupid enough to think it was
Crowley repeated himself and Dean surprised everyone by stating, "I'd love to go to Angels & Demons Chocolatiers."
“I’m sorry... terribly sorry, she’s a... client. Just an eccentric client. Collects tea pots. Scottish tea pots.” He was rambling. “Your book... It’s right here.” Castiel opened the wooden cabinet where he kept the rare books. He slid out an archival box and took it to the Queen Anne dining room set. Gesturing for them to sit, he set it down. “If you’ll wait just a moment, I’ll get some gloves.
“Bumblebee. Can you say bumblebee?” Castiel pointed to the appliqued bee.
After another ten minutes, Charlie and Benny appeared, and the crew got in position. Balthazar came over to Dean and Cas. “Mr. Novak, you’ll be waiting in the green room. Yours is the first segment after the intro.” To Dean, he said, “I’ll introduce him, and he’ll walk out on Stage Left to take his place beside you.”
Later that night, his phone rang, and he groaned at the name on the screen. He wanted to ignore it. “Hello.”
“Just want her to be safe. Isn’t that right, Princess Claire?”
“Let’s go to the spider deck and then work our way up. We’ll end in the kitchen and then you’ll have some time to acquaint yourself there before your shift starts.”
“Just that Mary’s sons are alive and well.” Castiel knew the demon was hiding something.
"Sure, I listen," Dean said with a smirk. "So, what's this about Atlanta and truffles?"
“Thank you for the ride, Warden Winchester. Do you know when my assistant will be here tomorrow morning?”
blinked once and then returned to glare at their bedroom ceiling. “I can’t believe you thought that cuffing us together was a good idea.”
“How old were you?” Family vacations? Dean’s imagination couldn’t even...
Castiel ignored him and sat down. He picked up his phone and touched the record app. “ID Texas, Seven, seventeen, forty-two, male, five foot, two inches, approximately thirty years of age.” Then he recorded it in the small notebook he carried in his equipment case. “Shall we go?” Castiel suggested, with a benign smile.
“She.”
“What have you heard,” Missouri demanded.
“Thank you,” he said, taking the offered mug. He inhaled the rich scent and sighed. He hoped the already ground coffee in the red plastic container was decent. In his usual world, he bought whole beans from a sustainable farm in Kenya. He took a tentative sip. It wasn’t
his dick? By the way he filled out those cargo pants, it looked like he had a nice package. A package that Dean wanted to unwrap. So, in true Dean Winchester fashion, he let loose with a comeback.
Dean finished and looked up at her. “So, she cast a love spell? Binding me to
Meg pulled to a stop by the barn. “Castiel is expecting us and promised us a nice brunch.”
The four of them sat in silence, the water lapping against the boat. It was Jo that finally spoke. “Dean, we have to call in.” He nodded. He should have given the other boaters a reason before sending them away, but his brain wasn’t firing on all cylinders. He blew out a breath and dug his phone out of the small bin by the throttle. Benny shifted to give him room. He made the call.
“I hate you,” she said in her thick midwestern accent.
“How did you know he was gay?” Dean glared at his co-host.
Dating Aaron had broken the rules. He was smart and funny. He’d said he was fine with staying in at Dean’s place. After a month of non-dating, Aaron started making noise about labels and coming out. Dean always changed the subject. Then six weeks in, Aaron came to spend the weekend and they’d argued. Aaron unceremoniously broke up with him, and left. End of story.
“Shhhh,” Dean murmured, but went up on his knees. He stared down at Castiel for a few precious moments before rolling off the bed and unbuttoning his jeans. Castiel lifted his hips and pushed his own pants and underwear down past his thighs, never breaking eye contact. He licked his lips at the picture Dean made. He was down to his boxer briefs and they fit like a second skin. He could see his erection straining against the black material. Castiel kicked his pants off and they were flung to the floor. Dean hooked his thumbs in his waistband and winked before slowly lowering them. His cock spring free and Castiel’s mouth watered. He needed to taste.
After they were dry, Dean strode back into the bedroom and flopped down onto the bed. He expected Cas to follow suit, but instead, he picked up his boxers and began to put a leg inside. “Hey, you’re not ready to leave, are you?”
Without his car, Castiel had to call an Uber to get him to Langley. It would be expensive, but he was sure the Agency was good for it. As the car crossed the Potomac, Castiel closed his eyes. He would take full responsibility for the failure of the mission. It had cost the government thousands, not to mention getting a SEAL team mobilized to save his ass. He’d earned a reprimand and it would wind up in his file, if he didn’t get relieved of duty.
“What?” Castiel choked, spewing his mouthful of coffee onto the floor. Frank snorted and passed him a roll of paper towels. “A chainsaw?” He dabbed at the brownish stain on his shirt and winced as he wiped the burning liquid off his bare feet.
“How long is this assignment?” Balthazar asked, his meal forgotten.
Warning - Cas hunts and feeds from an animal. He doesn't kill it, but he does do what vampires do.
Dean finally faced him, meeting his gaze defiantly. “I want you.”
She led the way through the house. It looked like a photo shoot from Architectural Digest. Did they even live here, Dean thought. It reminded him of the movie The Stepford Wives. The newer one with Bette Midler. The couple was seated in a breakfast nook, cups of coffee and some sort of pastries were in front of them. “I’ll just clean up,” Selma Louise said breezily and began moving things around in the kitchen.
Dean's head swiveled toward the front of the restaurant and chuckled. "Would you...I know you're busy with..." Dean gestured toward Claire.  "...maybe we can catch dinner or something?"
“Are you okay?” Cas asked, taking a tentative step toward him.
again.
Before answering, Cas unloaded his haul into the cart. He took inventory of the Matchbox Raceway, the Marvel action figures, and the two RC trucks. “I think you tend to go overboard. You’re their favorite uncle, you don’t have to work so hard.”
They’d sent a SEAL team? “Someone back home must love me,” Castiel said ruefully.
“Anyway, your training should have taught you the basics of an evacuation.”
“Yeah, and why’s that, little brother? Because he sure as shit doesn’t know. That is a man that is hurting,” Gabriel whispered angrily, pointing in the direction of the dining room. “What the hell, Castiel? What did he do to you?”
“That’s bullshit. We have to jump through hoops to have our farms certified and the government treats us like we’re always trying to pull something over on ‘em. I am inspected twice monthly. They sure as fuck don’t do that to regular cattle farms.”
Warning: This chapter contains homophobic language. I wanted realism. I wanted harsh and disgusting, because unfortunately, shit like this still happens.
The next stop was at a mattress superstore. He got what was on sale and was pleased it was memory foam.
“I wouldn’t lie about something like that, Dean. In the phone interview...” Dean remembered how excited Audrey was to be able to talk to her idol. “...she said she couldn’t understand how her mother walked away from you. She is proud of the fact you put on a badge every day and keep the world a better place.”
Cas’ phone rang and he saw Stefany’s name on the screen. He walked away to have some privacy. “I’m boarding now. My flight should land at 4:40.”
Inside the cab of the truck, Dean told dispatch he was back on dry land and heading home. He turned to Novak. “How long have you been doing this kind of stuff?”
Dean gave them both one of the bitch-faces he’d borrowed from his brother over the years, before turning up his mic and facing Camera Two. “Okay, we have a winner. You’ll find out after the commercial break.”
“Yes,” he whispered.
Damn, the man got right to the point. He wasn't sure how he felt about the fact that Cas just assumed he wanted to jump his bones. Even if it was true, the guy didn't have to be so... so... cold about it.
Long after the farm was devoid of guests and his kids were in their rooms doing what young adults did, Castiel sat in his office. He’d fallen down a rabbit hole of information on SNAP, FRAC, and inner-city school lunch programs. He had no idea. None. He’d been blessed to be born to a wealthy family and had never gone hungry. While his childhood wasn’t ideal, he didn’t have to count that as one of his issues. He looked away from the screen for an instant and his gaze lit on the family photos framed neatly on the wall. The one of his father standing beside Castiel and his brothers drew his eye.
“John, no.” The man said hurriedly and came closer to take John’s hand. Pulling him back a few steps, he apologized again. “I’m sorry for interrupting. We can come back for a visit during the scheduled tours.”
“Story,” she repeated softly. Dean settled back on his pillow, Claire on his chest.
“She sounds like a wonderful young woman, Dean. You should be proud. Not only of her, but for the man who raised her.”
The rest of his morning was spent on the phone with said provider and an appointment was made for the following week. In DC, they would have been able to install within twenty-four hours. So much for small town living. Thankfully, he wasn’t paying for his data usage. After he’d hung up with them, he checked his email.
. It was just that he liked good quality ingredients for both his restaurant and his family’s meals. The chemicals and preservatives alone could cause all types of health issues. It was only a week. He could manage and prove to Dean that he could do this stupid challenge.
He nodded. He didn’t need to be asked. He’d felt a bond with the boy all those years ago. The righteous anger he’d showed trying to protect his dying father showed his inner strength.
“Where do you work?” Dean asked, glad to be out in the open.
Sam laughed. “He’s going to die at that desk. Retirement is a dirty word, man.” Dean laughed at the true statement. “So, he told me you were helping out Castiel Novak.”
“Tell him. Now,” Dean said, hoping Alistair wouldn’t be too bent out of shape with his demand.
“I thought you’d already left. I saw you run out the back door.” Fuck. Shit. Damn. And the fucker looked hurt. Dean’s first instinct was to lie.
Embarrassed by Cas’ words and feeling strangely aroused due to the man’s close proximity and the enticing aroma of his cologne, Dean just smiled dumbly and took a step back.  “I’ll just… check the coals.” What was wrong with him? He was acting like a kid on his first date. Dean Winchester was a player, and
“Perfect timing, as usual. I just finished a batch. I’m thinking about calling it The Big Easy.” He led them to the back of the brewery and pulled three pint glasses from a drying rack.
“Sure. Harvelle’s?”
Gabe launched into a short dissertation about the mushrooms they grew and then Castiel led them down the steep wooden steps into a mushroom garden. Did you call them gardens if they were underground? Dean would have to ask. First though, he had to make amends. Actually, it was pretty cool to see how they were growing all the different varieties in vertical racks.
He stopped as the doors in the back of the studio opened and their audience poured into the seating area. He pasted on his public smile.
“I’m not used to farm work, but I’ve never shied away from hard work,” Dean said, his chin lifting in challenge.
“You did a fine job. It will be around when you have grandchildren.”
“Dean, stop talking.” Dean’s mouth snapped shut.
The man laughed and for a few seconds, they were quiet looking out at the dark water of the river. “I’ve been traveling with Professor Novak for almost ten years.”
“New Orleans,” Castiel answered and then he heard loud knocking. Shit, it was his new client.
He spent his weekend at the restaurant and Cas didn’t call again. Dean snapped at Garth and some of his staff, but when he raised his voice to Ellen, she snatched him by his collar and dragged him into the office. “Just what in the hell is wrong with you? You’ve been snippy with everyone tonight and I’m not going to stand for it. You have your panties in a twist, go home and work it out. You aren’t going to take it out on me or the staff.”
“This is exciting,” Mildred added from her perch near the cooler. “Are you two nice young men going to go on a date?”
A voice in Castiel’s head was telling him to keep cool and ignore the bitch, but the look on the teenager’s face across the table made him throw caution to the wind. “Your first mistake was assuming that everyone else is as stupid and narrow-minded as you. His sexual orientation has nothing to do with his ability to make a fine president,” he said, getting to his feet to face his opponent halfway through his retort. “And as for baby-killing, unless you have been in their shoes, fuck you. Their choice for their bodies is their business.”
The ride back to Dean’s took about thirty minutes due to the city’s traffic, but Dean pointed out a few different things. Not touristy things, but simple things. His favorite deli, the small grocery store that sold the best selection of cheeses in the city, and Sam’s law firm.
He pulled on his sleep pants, sans underwear because,
“Mouth... knees...” Dean said softly and then whined when Cas’ lips left his face and moved slowly down his chest. He ran a tongue over one of Dean’s nipples, making it pebble up for attention. Then lower still to the narrow band of hair from his navel to his... oh... He looked down. There was a Greek god kneeling before him, blue eyes the color of the bluest ocean blinked lazily up at him. He gripped the base of his cock to keep from embarrassing himself by coming from that sight alone. A smile creased Cas’ mouth for an instant, as if the man knew how he affected Dean.
“What do you take me for? Do you really think I’m going to plaster this on Facebook? Fuck. You.” Cas almost barreled Ash over when the driver opened the door. Dean sighed and let his head fall back on the seat. Crowley would have his head if Cas refused to come back to film the episode. He was so fucked.
“It doesn’t have a name yet.” Dean was glad that Garth hadn’t told Cas he made the dessert up tonight because Dean wanted to please his guest. “Please taste it,” Garth said, clearly nervous.
Tendons: Connect the rig to the sea floor.
The audience clapped and cheered, the other contestants all leaned over to congratulate Novak, but the winner just gave a horrible parody of a smile. Dean wondered what the guy’s story was. Clearly, he wasn’t excited to be the winner.
“Yeah, I get that you have a kid and that’s cool.”
Once Dean had left his hotel, Castiel did more research. He touched base with a few other professionals in his field, emailing them pictures of the kills and the cast of the track. Two agreed with him, one thought he was nuts.
“Yes. Please.” Castiel, unused to walking around in the nude, rushed to the bathroom, covering his crotch with his hand. In the light of day, nudity was much more intimate. He caught Dean’s smirk as he passed him.
“So, you mentioned a brother. Any other family?”
“Sam’s brother has offered to help us out and we appreciate you coming to our aid on such short notice.” Chuck said to the newcomer as if addressing the Board instead of having a family gathering. Gabriel rolled his eyes and his mother noticeably kicked him under the table.
“Anyone would have done the same,” Dean said, hating the heat on his face, knowing he was blushing.
He didn’t answer Castiel’s question, instead he talked about their morning plans. It got Castiel into a better frame of mind. He could do this. Subtract the emotion, deal with the facts, and find a solution.
Dean pulled up beside Jody’s cruiser and the county coroner’s van. There was an ambulance in the driveway and Madge Carrigan was sitting on the gurney with an oxygen mask on her face, her husband beside her looking stoic. Dean met Jody at the door.
“I turn my back for five seconds and you two get lost as... whoa, holy shit.” Dean was looking at the beast with an identical expression like his brother’s. “John, back the heck away from it, son.”
“Hey, I know that place. My brother goes there for his vegetables. Sundays, right?” Dean seemed less irritable today. Castiel hoped it lasted.
“Because he still loves you, dickhead.” Dean didn’t want to think about that. Cas needed to move on. Find a nice guy and… and… Dean stopped the thought before he started bawling in front of Gabe.
“Yes. We have a booth there. Honey, and some of our fruits and vegetables.”
Castiel turned away, unwilling to watch their goodbyes. “I will be waiting outside.” He stepped out onto the porch and tried not to listen. He had no doubts that Alistair would come after Bobby, but he knew the stubborn fool would not leave his home.
A smile touched Cas’ lips. “She has not killed in centuries. She is a fair ruler.”
“So, Dean-o, what is this challenge you want to throw down for my baby brother?” Gabriel wasn’t one to beat around the bush.
“I have questions,” he said, resting the book on his lap.
Ketch winked at him. “Hands off. I get it, Dean.” A chill went up Dean’s spine at the way Ketch said his name. Memories of one night, one drunken night in the Middle Eastern desert, came flooding back.
“Of course not, Dean, that would be counterproductive.” Max was eyeing both of them, a curious look on his face. “I’ve got to take first watch on the does that will probably give birth today. Why don’t you and Max go over to the orchards and pick some apples and pears.”
“Cranberry juice
“Maybe. She was wearing some sort of slinky, little thing and her parents weren’t home,” Dean said, thinking of that angle. A lover?
The pretty boy host kept staring at him like he had something in his teeth. Surely, the girl who’d caked all the makeup on his face would have told him if something was in his teeth.
“Okay,” Dean said, wondering what this had to do with him.
Cas hung his head, his arms trembling, his hips still against Dean’s. Never in his life had Dean felt this way. He wasn’t a romantic. Reaching up, he traced his fingertip over Cas’ lips. Cas blinked, his eyes so fucking blue. Snapping himself out of this crazy feeling, Dean grinned. “You weigh a ton.”
Castiel’s eyes lit on the cooler. “Did you make us lunch again?”
The diner was crowded, but apparently Mildred and Frank had long-standing reservations at a table by the window. It wasn’t the safest place to sit, but Castiel did manage to keep his back to one wall. He let his new acquaintances do all the talking, answering when a question was directed at him. Keeping quiet was the way to glean information from both friends and foes.
His own brother, Gabriel, picked that time to join them. He removed the Tootsie Pop from his mouth to point with it toward the end of the hall where the Winchester brothers had disappeared. “Dad called an emergency meeting.”
“Which one, Dean?” Charlie said quietly.
The next time they stopped, Cas had pulled into a small park. The sun was almost gone from the sky, save for a strip of lavender in the west. Raindrops continued to fall. He shut off the Jeep and they sat in silence. Cas seemed to be trying to find his words. Dean knew that feeling well.
Dean was shaking his head from side to side. “I love you and I’d give up everything for you. Everything.”
“Quaint,” he mumbled as he looked at what would be his home away from home. It was white, with a large porch on the front. Immediately to the left of the house was a huge oak tree that had probably seen the Civil War. The house was old too. Castiel didn’t know a lot about architecture, but he’d bet it was built in the late eighteen-hundreds. Dormer windows told him there was two stories. His instructions told him to call the real estate agent when he arrived. He dialed the number of a Donna Hanscum.
“Of course, they did.” Dean whispered. He planted a soft kiss on Claire’s blonde curls and asked, “Is she asleep?”
… I wanted to ask him to stay… so we could get to know each other… ya know?”
Before he could answer, John did it for him. “Mr. Cas has them in his backyard. Yous got to just knock on his door.”
Castiel was embarrassed. He was a chef, for God's sake. Cutting his finger in front of Dean Winchester was pathetic. He'd wanted to impress the man, not look like a contestant on
“I... er...” There it was again, that smile that made the blood rush to....”
“Ah,” Cas nodded and took a bite. While he chewed, he seemed to be contemplating the meaning of life by the serious expression he wore. Dean, growing even more discouraged, put down his phone with a growl of disgust. Maybe he should buy a used camper or something. He could park it at one of the RV parks. “I have several empty bedrooms.”
Hanging his head, Dean sat down heavily. “Cas...”
“Well, come on, Mr. Novak, let’s go.” He gave her a grateful smile and ushered her out the door. In the kitchen, on the wall, hung his mother’s car keys.
“I’m hanging up now.” In the hundreds of hours in rehab, he’d been a mess, and Meg was there to hear every single word. She’d held him as the drugs leeched out of his system and she sang to him as he cried over the loss of his first and only love. It was her words he set to music that became the start of the new Cas Novak.
“Yeah, and look, Milton, keep your nose clean. I don’t want to have to handcuff you...” Dean’s face burned when Milton smirked at him. He hadn’t meant it to sound that way.
Once again, they were on the move. Dean walked in front of him and he noticed for the first time the bow in Dean’s legs. His thoughts went south. It had been so long...
She laughed, it sounded like water rippling over smooth stones and he felt himself relax. “Why are you so afraid of me?”
look, complete with jazz hands. “I was given a choice to transfer to the FBI, Montgomery Field Office. My pay stays the same, and there will still be some field work, but mainly I will be doing research.”
By the time Dean explained, in the abridged version, how the three men had gotten the drop on him, and then how he’d relayed what he could to Sam, the team was loading up into the SUVs. They’d come with enough firepower to light up a third world country, but in the end, two old folks had the situation in hand. Frank and Mildred were never going to let Dean forget they’d saved his sorry ass.
He took off his chef’s uniform and tossed it into the white cloth bag he used for his laundry. He’d have to do some soon, so he wouldn’t have to take dirty stuff home with him. Only two more days until he got to see land again. Exhausted, he took a quick shower and fell onto his mattress. He was asleep before Benny came to bed.
By the looks of the landmarks sticking out above the water, it had been a parking lot before the storm flooded the city.
With his attention back on kneading, Cas made a humming sound. Figuring the subject dropped, he folded the list and put it in his hip pocket. “What should I do first?”
“Holy fuck, look at that thing,” Ketch shouted, grinning like an idiot. Who was this man? And how did Dean know him? C4 wasn’t just something you could pick up at the corner store, then again, neither was a cow carcass.
Castiel and Claire were waiting downstairs when Ash pulled up. The carseat remained in the SUV, but they had another one for the Impala. Ellen kept one in her car too. It took Castiel a while to trust anyone with overnight visits, but Claire loved Ellen and she spent at least one night a week with her ‘grandmama’.
When they heard the front door shut, Cas rolled over on top of him. Dean looked up into Cas’ eyes. “You told him, didn’t you?”
“Well, you’re here now and tonight you can relax. I’ll fix a nice dinner and if you’re a good boy, I’ll give you a massage.”
At the airport, Dean got out and was met by the captain. She stepped close. “Castiel has a strong heart. A beating heart. Do not crush it, or you will answer to me.” Dean licked his lips nervously. She meant it. She raised her chin as Cas approached. “Castiel, I shall see you next month.” She placed her hand on his chest and her smile didn’t meet her eyes. “Protect this.”
“Ute will take care of it. You won’t be staying long.” Another kick to the teeth. Dean was starting to get sick of being treated like shit for something he didn’t do. Or if he did something, Cas should damn well tell him. He opened his mouth to respond, but bit his tongue at the last possible moment. No, he would wait.
Cas gave a low chuckle and said, “Right. Sorry, I was getting ready for bed before I remembered I needed to come up with a game plan.”
“I know.” They met in the middle of the room and embraced. The hug was tight and almost had a desperate feel about it. Neither wanted to be the first to pull apart, but the ping of Dean’s phone made them step back. “Call me when you get home,” Castiel said for lack of the important words.
“Yes, I’d like to gather a few water samples and take some photos,” Castiel said, buckling his weight belt around his waist.
. It was his mantra as he climbed the stairs, Cas trailing behind him. The whiskey hadn’t been enough to dull the panic he was feeling. He hadn’t been this nervous the first time they’d... that thought alone calmed him. They’d been just kids. With John never leaving the farm and Cas’ mother not allowing Dean to go to Cas’ room because he was a sinner, finding a place had been kind of hard. He’d lost his virginity to Cas on a blanket in the back of Bobby’s salvage yard. There was a creek back there and Cas... the idiot... had brought a stupid scented candle for a romantic touch. He was a sap.
The clanging of the gates behind Dean made him flinch. He refused to turn around.
Winchester did as he was told and Castiel caught the bag easily. He unzipped it and took out the small pistol that held a tranquilizer. It wasn’t enough to put it to sleep, but it would debilitate it. Smaller animals could be caught without the use of the gun, but by the look of the slide, this one might be around five feet or so.
He didn’t have to be told twice. Fingers still inside Cas, pressing against his sweet spot, Dean picked up the condom with his other hand and used his teeth to rip the packet open. One handed, he rolled it over his length. When he pulled his fingers slowly out of Cas’ ass, the man moaned and Dean had to close his eyes and think about what he was cooking on the next day’s episode. Otherwise, it would have been over before it started. He gripped the base of his cock and squeezed, sweat breaking out on his forehead. He positioned the swollen head of his cock at Cas’ entrance and pushed in. Cas tensed up and Dean froze. “Are you alright?”
“Come now, Dean...” He stood and moved into Dean’s personal space. It was all he could do to keep from flinching. Alistair’s hand came to rest on Dean’s bare forearm. “Think of it as publicity for Trés Bon. Part of being in the restaurant business is being seen.” It wasn’t the first time that Alistair had touched him inappropriately and once, he’d even insinuated that he’d help Dean start his own place if he
Satisfied that Milton wasn’t his culprit, he finally escaped the Frank and Mildred comedy hour. Add Milton to that duo and it really was a fucking circus. As he got behind the wheel of his cruiser, he glanced back and saw Milton staring at him. Yeah, it was a circus all right and Milton was the hot, bendy aerialist.
“Dean, you can have a drink. It really doesn’t bother me.” For the first time since he got his one-year chip, he truly wished he could partake the liquid courage.
“Oh…well…thank you.” Castiel put the receiver down and grinned.
He hadn’t been prepared to see Dean. Hadn’t been prepared to see his daughter...
“Don’t get your undergarments in a twist. You freed me, so I owe you one wee wish, and then I’ll be on my way.” She picked the urn out of the sink and tucked it under her arm.
“Let me get dressed. Make yourself at home.” Dean nodded and entered the room. Castiel was aware that he wasn’t the best housekeeper. His clothing from yesterday was in a pile on the floor, the bed was unmade, and his suitcase looked like it exploded in one of the corners. He grabbed a pair of sweats and a worn t-shirt before closing the bathroom door behind him.
“And I wouldn’t want you to,” Castiel murmured as he nuzzled his lips against Dean’s whisker-rough cheek. He exhaled loudly and straightened in his seat. “Goodnight, Dean.”
“I will take them to my estate. It is heavily warded and even a demon as strong as Alistair won’t be able to enter the grounds.” He didn’t mention his guards, trained by Castiel himself. Missouri looked at him and nodded. She took his hand in hers.
Cooking in front of Cas was fun. He was very aware those blue eyes were following his every move. When the risotto was finally done, he plated the meal for both of them while Cas prepared Claire's. Her highchair looked out of place amid the chrome and leather of the other furnishings. In fact, all the baby stuff looked out of place in the fancy apartment. He was curious about the rest of the place.
“Aaron, look...”
“He is,” Dean replied, looking back with equal intensity. He wasn’t going to let Sam turn this into something it wasn’t. Sam shrugged and picked up his keys.
“Knew this day would come.” He nodded toward the house. “Might need a drink for this, son. And call Sam. He’ll need to hear it too.”
For my American readers, I hope you had a Happy Thanksgiving.
Novak was waiting at the hotel entrance and Dean gave him a few brownie points for punctuality. He was all set to get out and help him when he spilled his coffee. He brushed at the small stain on his uniform pants and tried to lift them from his skin. He hissed and tried to blow on it. He’d just calmed down when the door opened and Novak slid into the passenger seat. Trying to be cool and not act like his leg was still on fire, he pointed to the extra travel mug and said, “Wasn’t sure how you took it. Hope you like it black.”
“Well, well, you and the deputy...” Frank said when he entered the kitchen.
“Is there a culinary program...” Castiel started but was interrupted by his son.
“I think I can manage finding my way around. If I have any questions, I do have your number.” He shut the door in her face.
“I’m not even a real customer.”
“The clock is wrong, babe. It’s four.”
He spent the weekend working at the restaurant. The chaos brought him peace and not even Sammy's teasing about the flight to Atlanta was going to bring him down. His brother didn't know the real reason for the trip, but he knew Ellen suspected, even if she didn't say anything.
He shoved a mouthful of eggs into his mouth and then tore off a bite of flaky fish. “This is awesome. How did the eggs make the trip, man?”
“Last time she spent the night with you, the police were called.” Castiel’s eyes widened. Dean must have caught it because he laughed. “Don’t worry, they aren’t delinquents. Charlie just had the brilliant idea to have an outdoor showing of Star Wars. Her neighbors were not impressed with the stormtroopers parading through their lawn at two in the morning.”
“Yes, dear.”
“Is that what you want?” Cas looked up, dropping his hand from Dean’s body.
basis. Castiel knew that both Dean, Frank, and Mildred would be sworn to non-disclosure. If they so much as breathed a word of what went on, they’d be in deep shit, but Castiel knew they wouldn’t talk.
All through his shower, he debated with himself. There couldn’t be a next time. There would be no later. It was a mistake. But why? If they were both on the same page and it was just sex, why wouldn’t it be okay to do it again? They were adults. Yes, they were adults.
The father and son joined the line and a young man read Castiel’s t-shirt. “That’s so cool. Can I have one?”
because now he wasn’t being molested by a sleazeball or scared shitless riding in a flying machine of death. Between his looks and voice, Dean was a goner.
Castiel went back inside after Dean left, a smile teasing his lips. This thing between them wouldn’t last forever, but they could have fun until Castiel could get back to his real life. The smile faded. For the first time in his career, the thought of another mission didn’t fill him with excitement. Strange. He lived for the stimulation of the chase, the thrill of the hunt, and the satisfaction of bringing the bad guys to their knees.
“Uh, that’s awesome.” Dean had a job.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Cas...” Dean looked stricken. “Please don’t...”
As he settled between the sheets and picked up a hardback he’d taken from Eileen’s bookshelf, a part of him wanted to say fuck it, get dressed, and hit a bar. With his thumb holding his place in the book, he stared at the ceiling. What would it be like to have someone touch him... want him? Huffing out a tired breath, he started to read. An hour later, his eyelids were too heavy to continue.
There it was, sunning itself in a grassy area just off the greens of the golf course. He smiled. It was about five feet long, a bit too big for him to attempt tagging without help. He raised his pistol and aimed for the lower neck area. He used special needles made to pierce the think hide, but he always shot at the thinnest skin. The alligator jumped and whipped its tail, looking for the thing daring to wake it. The tranquilizer did its work before it spied Castiel and its movements became slow and lethargic.
“Cool.” He gave Castiel a wink that did things to his stomach, like the Texas Giant roller coaster at Six Flags.
“Fuck... I knew your mouth was perfect for this,” Cas drawled, his baritone even lower... sexier.
He found himself at odds. He had an entire afternoon to kill before Dean picked him up. Having only been to New York once before -- and that was at the first taping of Spice of Life -- he knew nothing about the city. His stomach growled, and he grimaced. The small bite of hamburger he ate on the segment wasn’t filling in the least. He needed lunch.
“Of course, she’s an angel.” Jo collected her purse and paused to give Claire a goodbye kiss. “See you Monday, squirt.”
The cameras rolled as they grilled the burgers to perfection and served them to Charlie and Benny before passing them out to the tasting table. “These are freakin’ awesome, Cas,” Dean said, taking another huge bite.
“It’s not breakfast time yet,” Castiel stated, looking up at the clock on the wall.
“You can’t argue with city people, Castiel.” The motherfucker smiled sweetly at Cas. Dean wanted to punch him in his mouth. “I have a few more bottles of strawberry wine. We should have another evening under the stars,” he whispered, but he wanted Dean to hear him. Asshat. Dean crossed his arms and watched as Benny sauntered out of the barn.
Castiel could have kicked himself. God, he sounded pathetic. Dean didn’t want to hear about his boring life.
He raised his hand and cupped the back of Dean’s neck, dragging him down for a heated kiss. It was wet and filthy, more passion than finesse. Castiel’s hips were rolling up, needing to feel Dean’s body against his aching cock. “Easy... we have plenty of time...” Dean’s whispered words calmed Castiel and his frantic movements slowed. His kisses had less teeth and more tongue. He allowed himself to explore with his fingertips. He became aware of the sounds the fabric made against the sheets, the hint of aftershave lingering on Dean’s skin, and the warmth of his arousal straining against his zipper.
“Sure,” Sam answered like this type of thing was a common occurrence.
be ready. I hope you can keep up.” Wanting the last word, he spun on his heels and pushed the cart into the lobby. When he turned to check in at the front desk, the warden was still standing there. “Assbutt,” he muttered. It was going to be a long three weeks. He wasn’t one to throw his title around, but the man got on his last nerve.
He watched Cas walk away. Instead of leaving right away, Dean walked over to the windows at the tarmac. Planes waited for passengers to board them. Ground crews loaded luggage and directed the large, winged machines through the busy area. He wondered which one Cas was on. He found a Delta flight and watched as it backed out of its slot. He imagined Cas sitting in a seat, looking forward to getting home and seeing his kid. He moved down the long window, following the plane with his eyes until it hurried down the runway and lifted into the sky.
Dean sat stunned, his fingers gripping Cas’ hand tight. “I love you too, Cas, and I never want you doubt that.”
“What would you like to know? My bio was sent in by my brother. I think that covers everything.” Honestly, Castiel never even saw his bio. God knows what his brother had written about him. He guessed it wasn’t too bad since he made the cut.
Dean looked down at the typed words and bit his lower lip. For all the cooking segments, he was paired with Cas. He knew it was all about that chemistry crap that Crowley talked to him about, but still…  There were a few questions from the production assistants, but Dean and Cas both remained silent. That afternoon, Cas called and Dean didn’t answer.
“Where did you go to school?” Dean asked, arm along the back of the seat, knee propped up so he sat sideways, facing Castiel.
. He hated malls. Hell, he hated shopping unless it was for groceries.
Castiel kept his mind on the task at hand, not willing to relive that moment when Dean had almost been killed. And poor Garth. Dean seemed fine now, but Castiel knew grief would hit him, Benny, and Jo later. He hoped Dean’s family would be there for him.
“How did you know his PIN? Did he tell you?” Why would Sam know and not him? It was like a knife to his chest.
In the car, Castiel noticed Dean’s hand between them on the seat. Taking a chance, he took it in his. Dean looked over and smiled. “I’m glad Claire talked me into going to Pride today,” he said softly, his eyes back on the road.
Instead of Cas coming out, Gabe Novak was the one who came through the doors. The shorter man greeted Dean with a handshake and a grin. Dean held up the box of gourmet truffles that had set him back a hundred bucks. "I was hoping to see Cas and give him these."
“Cas?” Benny shouted from the front of the house.
“I’ll need to start at the beginning. You know the basics. You were taught early that certain beings exist and that you both have powers.
"Bitch." He watched his brother go to his future bride, take her hand and pull her onto the area set up for dancing. No, he wasn’t jealous.
Once inside, Dean slammed the door. “Don’t ever touch me again, Alistair. I’m not your plaything. I’m your employee and if it wasn’t for me, this place wouldn’t be half as full every fucking night of the week.”
“Sure, anything.” He peered into the fridge hoping to get an idea. They did their grocery shopping on Saturday mornings as a family, but for now, things were sparse.
After parking, he greeted Jack, who was outside cleaning off a table. He had his hand on the door when he heard a raised voice behind him. “You need to try some dick, girlie. I know I could do the job. I could take on both of you. We’d have a real good time.” Dean looked around and saw a burly, bearded man standing over two women seated at one of the tables. His belly hung over his belt and his hair was greasy.
Cas’ mouth covered his and he moved on top of him, forcing his legs even wider. He waited patiently for Cas to roll the condom down his shaft. He watched as Cas slicked himself with more lube, the sound loud and obscene in the quiet of the late morning.
Reluctantly, Castiel handed over his keys. “You scratch her or put one extra mile on her and I’ll use your fucking balls for earrings. Got it?”
Dean sat at the desk he shared with Jody. He smiled fondly at the framed picture of him and Mandy. “So, saw a strange car parked at Missus Howell’s house. Her son in town?” He could rely on Linda for all the town gossip.
Her musical laughter filled his ears. “You weren’t sleeping. Tell me it isn’t so.”
This chapter has a gruesome scene of an animal being eaten. The collage at the end has a graphic photo of that scene. If you are squeamish, skip the photo.
“Oh, my God... ignore her. Please for the love of all that’s holy, ignore her. Claire, you are so grounded.”
“Let him go,” Castiel said, taking a few more steps. He did some quick calculations in his head. If he could get about three yards closer, he could manage at least two fatal shots before the third could kill him. Movement at the top of the falls drew his gaze, but he quickly focused back on Dean and his captors. What was Frank doing? Had that been a rifle in his hands? He shouldn’t have underestimated Frank’s tenacity.
“So, yeah, just wanted a chance to talk to you before you leave.”
“I am not sure, Madame. As I told the High Council, Dean and I shared blood as requested by Missouri. Perhaps it is a side effect?”
“It’s Cas. My name is Castiel, but my friends call me Cas.”
Castiel leaned closer to him. “She will close the circle and dismiss the Directions. Then they will take her body to the catacombs to be sealed in her crypt.”
Dean counted to ten to collect his temper. “Yeah, so? You think every gay man in the world hits on anything with a dick?” His voice had risen and Benny held up his hands.
Dean squinted up at the sky. Somewhere up there, the sun was causing a glare, but the clouds obstructed it. “It’s raining and looks like it’s here to stay for a while.”
“No problem.” Kevin dusted off his hands. “These are ready to go into the oven.” He plucked a set of keys off the hook by the back door and then he and Cas settled the cake into the back of the van.
? No, can’t complicate things with his staff. “...nice guy. He enjoys talking about food.”
“Thanks. Hope your partner thinks so.” He settled another finished cupcake onto the tray and smiled. He was proud of the perfect swirl of icing.
"I have to bathe Claire and get her ready for bed. I don't usually have time to watch TV. You are welcome to stay and watch something."
“I would charge you rent, Dean.” The smirk and the exaggerated eye roll made Dean laugh. “I don’t want you to feel pressured. Why don’t you come over tomorrow and see what you think?”
“Eight-twenty.” Dean moved to the bed and pushed a finger into Cas’ shoulder. “Team’s meeting us at nine-thirty. Time to rock n’ roll.”
“We don’t want to interfere with your business, so we thought the challenge would be for your family members only. Dean would be along for grocery store runs and meal planning sessions,” Charlie responded and Castiel had to admit that it would definitely be interesting to see if they could do it.
“Thanks, man. And not that I’m complaining, but what are you doing in my fine establishment at three a.m.?” Dean asked, using his hands to encompass the kitchen. “You checking on your family’s investment?”
“Far from it... hence the title
“That’s right. It’s been a long time.”
“You think he’s Mr. Novak’s boyfriend?” His voice was hesitant, and Dean recognized all the signs.
“Tell me again why we’re doing this?” Dean Winchester, chef, restaurant owner, and host of Spice of Life, the food channel’s hottest new cooking show, stared at himself in the mirror. The makeup artist was applying blush to accent his cheekbones.
“Yes, now, I really must...” He touched her arm to steer her out, but the moment his hand met her skin, he was thrown backward, landing on his ass. “What...”
“Okay, tell me why it isn’t a good idea.”
“So, have a fucking fling. Shit, if he looked at me like he looks at you, I’d be climbing him like a spider monkey.”
After they ate, Cas began lecturing the teens on what to expect and what they were looking for. “Feel free to take pictures, but do not take any specimens until clearing it with me first. Audrey, be on the lookout for the Rhetus Periander. If you find one, please collect one for your collection.” Audrey beamed at Cas. Was it Dean’s imagination, or was the professor paying more attention to his daughter than the others?
She stopped at the door to her chambers and faced him. “No, my child. This was not a love spell. This rite could only work if the two are already connected.” She scrutinized him for a moment. “You have feelings for the elder Winchester.”
“Sweet Cheeks?” Dean said as they rounded the endcap stacked with the toilet paper that was on sale.
Normally, the fifth floor of Novak Oil was quiet, but his parent’s anniversary party had everyone in a tailspin. Castiel Novak, the youngest of the brood, stayed as far away from the chaos possible. His office was his sanctuary. As a shareholder, he did have to participate in some of the actual running of the company, but as a marine biologist, his expertise ran more toward the environmental side of things. Despite the world seeing oil companies as the villains, he was proud that Novak oil gave a damn about marine life. Their record stood on its own. No major spills from any of their rigs and only one from the shipping company they used to transport the crude. Castiel had been flown by the company’s private jet to be first on the scene to contain the spill and test the surrounding waters and estuaries for contamination.
“That was scary,” Dean whispered.
“Yes. To this, I add cayenne, salt, garlic powder, onion powder, shredded sharp Cheddar cheese, and Worcestershire sauce.”
“Coal,” he said with a straight face and she laughed.
With his thumb, Cas typed in Dean’s password and after a few seconds, Dean heard a voice. “9.1.1., what is your emergency.”
After they finished eating, Dean offered a tour of the kitchen. As they entered through the swinging doors, the high energy feeling slowed as everyone turned to look at them. Castiel was aware,
“She will not harm you, Dean.”
The Titan Beetle. See these?” Cas poked a thin blade of grass at the huge bug and its huge mandibles snapped closed. “They can snap a pencil in half. Gather around, take pictures, but be careful.” He stepped back so the teens could get closer.
“You wish me to leave?”
Dean stopped mid-chew and blinked back at his brother. “Why?”
“Ten-four,” Dean said and hung up his mic. “Looks like we are making a detour.”
Dean eyed him comically, his lips still around the bottle. He lowered it. “Cas?  You okay?”
“Well?” Dean asked, his voice up an octave.
Cas took the first amazing sip from his coffee and leaned against the counter watching Dean feed their two long-haired guinea pigs. They had been a compromise. Cas wanted a pet, but Dean was allergic to cats, and with their busy jobs, a dog was out of the question. Still admiring his husband’s butt and muscular bowed legs, he absentmindedly turned off the Keurig. “I’ll pick some up during my lunch hour.”
“Men are so stupid,” Linda said from behind him.
He regretted taking off his overshirt though. It was cold down there. When he shivered, Cas noticed and tried to send him topside, but he wanted to stay because he needed to discuss the challenge.  He’d done some research and found a Dollar Tree in Purcellville and that seemed the closest. They also had a Food Lion, for the things they couldn’t find at the smaller store. He found himself volunteering to help Cas with his chores so they could get on the road faster.
Claire looked down at her dress and frowned. “Is not,” she muttered, but tugged the hem down self-consciously.
It took about twenty minutes in the hot Texas heat to catch the two, but Dean had the one in his arms, and her sister didn’t go far. The bleating sounds were heartbreaking. Carefully, they loaded the fawns into the crates and settled them into the bed of the truck.
Dean’s smile softened. “Cas, I mean it. If you’re game...”
Cas looking gorgeous as usual in his shorts and a Hawaiian shirt. Were those flamingos? “Everyone dig in,” he said, taking his plate from Dean. He sat down on the ground and Dean lowered himself next to him.
Lakes weren’t usually clear, but with the overcast skies and threat of more rain, the water was even murkier than usual. The air seemed oppressive and a sense of doom fell over Castiel.
“Bye, Clarence.”
“Yeah,” Dean seemed to shake himself out of a trance. “Well, hopefully, he didn’t say anything else embarrassing. He once told his entire preschool class that I wore Batman underwear. I think the teachers picture me in them every time I pick him up. It’s kind of crazy.”
He let go of Castiel’s hand and gestured toward the table. “Have a seat.”
John Winchester didn’t look happy to see them. He stared over his desk, hands clasped. “Has there been a problem with my... Warden Winchester... or...”
“Obviously, horseradish, but I’m not keen on entrails. No liver, stomach, kidneys, or brains for me,” Dean said with a grimace.
“I was wondering if you and Cas wanted to come over for dinner on Saturday. I want to meet my niece and Jess thought it would be a good time for us to get to know Cas.”
“Oh, I’m sorry,” Castiel said, and against his better judgement, gestured for the boy to open the door. His tortoises looked up at the noise, expecting a treat. “Hold on a minute.” He quickly went to the refrigerator and took out the bag that held their food. “We can feed them, if you want.”
“Yes. I just took the position of reptile veterinarian at the Dallas Zoo.”
Cas reached for it. “Is she alright?” He asked, concerned. He’d checked on Calliope several times over the last eight hours.
“I’m not a vegetarian, if that’s what you’re asking. We are not set up for butchering here. Our stock is raised for sustainability and what they can offer us. The meat we use for our farm to table meals is outsourced through an organic farm just north of here.” The two of them stared at each other for a few seconds until Castiel’s gaze broke away. “Through there, are the orchards. We have a several types of trees. Apples, pear, figs, and we’re trying nectarines. Those are only two years old and haven’t produced yet. Our hives are also kept in the orchards.”
“No, unfortunately for me, he leaves for Whitman in August.”
“I will pay you for my share,” Castiel told him, reaching into his laptop bag for his wallet.
“Dad, is there a reason we all have to be here for this?” Michael asked, already looking down at his phone.
Castiel pushed off the counter, standing tall. “Shifts have meals and scheduled breaks. Novak Oil prides itself on treating our employees fairly,” he said irritably.
“Jeez, John, get off it. You’re too big.” To Castiel, he apologized, “I’m so sorry. I hope he didn’t hurt it.” John was off and looking ashamed, hands in tiny fists by his side.
“Promise,” he vowed.
“College. She wants me to come to Maine.” Castiel pinched the bridge of his nose. Jack had his heart set on culinary school.
Dean walked the perimeter of the backyard hoping to find a random footprint or something, but good ole Ed was a stickler for a good lawn and the grass grew too thick to show signs of recent activity.
He woke to the sound of the chimes. He counted them. Ten. When they rang eleven times, Missouri’s funeral would commence. He stepped into the bathroom and was startled to see his reflection in the mirror. He touched the glass. His usual stubble was longer and flecked with bits of gray. The last time he’d seen himself in a looking glass was the morning before he was turned.
“I can’t believe your dad. That was so funny. He screamed like a girl,” Ben said between ruckus laugher.
“Yep. Ellen took care of that, a high chair, a baby gate, and a stroller. That woman could have planned the Normandy Invasion. Trust me, she wouldn’t forget anything.” Dean hadn’t been back to his place since Ellen dropped off the stuff this morning, but he had faith.
Talk turned to news releases that Sam and Hannah, the only Novak daughter and head of marketing, would go over in more detail later in the day. Chuck called the meeting to a close and everyone filed out. By the time Sam got to his office, he’d forgotten about trying to pimp out his brother.
Benny rolled his eyes and patted his turkey. “While the two lovebirds argue, let me show you how the Cajuns do it.” He went on to show how to rub the turkey with spices and then lowered it carefully into the deep pot of cooking oil, the whole time explaining exactly what he was doing and how careful you must be.
It was only after they were heading back in the direction of the warehouses and businesses that a sense of desolation settled over them. Castiel knew that the endorphins from the hunt had faded and now, they were remembering their friend’s death. “We need to go recover...” Dean stopped, turning his face away from them. He cleared his throat and straightened his shoulders. “Ketch, we’ll take you back to your truck.”
,” he retorted as he moved through the water near the bank.
While Dean explained the contest rules to the audience, and yes, he did have to read the teleprompter, a stage hand wheeled out a cart with the contestant’s dishes under silver domes. The theme of the dish was a backyard barbeque main dish.
“Awesome.” Dean made himself useful and got out the stack of metal plates and forks. Henrique was now scrambling eggs in a cast iron frying pan.
The three hosts talked about their favorite breakfast foods for another minute. When the segue music started, Charlie announced the commercial break. “When we come back, Dean is going to be in the kitchen with Castiel Novak, a pastry chef from Atlanta, Georgia.”
Damn it, stop.” Dean pretended he didn’t see Ash’s smirk as the car slid to an easy stop and reversed to come even with the exit. Without waiting for his driver to open his door, Dean jumped out and went back inside.
Dirt from the sacred place will mix with my life force as it drains from my body and it will bind them together. Unforced. Soul to soul. Heart to heart.
“John, Jeez.” Castiel looked at the tall privacy fence separating his yard from the neighbor's. A man was staring at them. His eyes widened when he saw the three large tortoises. “Sorry he bothered you, man. He knows better.”
“I couldn’t risk the deputy’s life,” Castiel said, unwilling to meet Victor’s eyes.
“Just saying.” Cas brushed his left lower molars to the count of thirty. As he made his way methodically around his mouth, he was aware of Dean huffing and mumbling obscenities beside him. When he was done, he tapped his brush three times on the side of the sink and placed it in the holder. “Will you be pouting long? I was promised sexual favors and I will need to know if I have time to read a chapter before we get to it.”
“Are you… are you thinking about doing it?” How was Castiel supposed to answer that?
Beside her, Dean sputtered. “Wait? What? You didn’t tell me... Charlie, I have stuff... I can’t just drive out here every day... Jesus.” Castiel watched as the petite redhead seemed to communicate with the attractive man with just her eyes and facial expressions. He slumped in his chair. “Fine.”
“I don’t...” He paused, not able to find words. He had gotten drunk to push the picture of Dean asleep in his bed out of his mind. How he’d marred the skin with his hands and teeth, leaving bruises in his wake. He’d kept telling himself it was just sex and once he was back in the field, he’d forget. But the memories grew fonder, the images more vivid.
“Life, Benny. Life,” he said, grinning, while he removed a pan of his special French toast from the warming oven.
“I don’t care, Cas. I really don’t. One night. Remember?”
The crash training itself didn’t bother Dean, it was the realization that he’d be flying in a helicopter to the rig. Over water. With the possibility of sharks. He’d seen Jaws and Deep Blue Sea.
Cas gave them the coordinates of the closest shoreline to the home where the teen was killed. As Dean drew close, Cas moved to the bow and scanned the vegetation. “There.” He pointed and both boats cut their engines to drift in. “See, it entered the water here.” Dean stared at the area. The tracks made by clawed feet and a huge tail were clear, despite the rainfall. Cas stared out over the lake. “There isn’t a slough or creek nearby. It went into the lake itself.”
“Hey there, Mr. Novak.” The driver opened the rear door.
Castiel watched her walk away then turned back to Dean. “Why would she want to meet me?”
Dean had the potential to become a complication which was why he had to spell it out before they got to the apartment. He wasn't sure what the chef's expectations were, but sex wasn't on the table. Not at all. It didn't matter that Dean was beautiful. Dean was used to getting whatever or whomever he wanted.  Of that, Castiel was certain. He still wasn't sure how he fit into that picture. What would Dean want with him?
Castiel glanced at the owner, but he was leaning on his truck. To Dean, he said in a low voice, “I’m afraid we have a problem. Look at this.” He pointed.
The kiss was soft and easy. When Dean pulled back, he smiled. “Come back to bed, babe.”
“Sam, you don’t have to babysit me. I’ll be fine.”
Crowley was still barking orders into his phone when Dean left the room. He spotted Cas coming out of the wardrobe room. “Hey, you look… preppy. Sorry about all that shit about your hair and the confusion. It gets a bit chaotic before taping begins. We’re kind of used to it.”
I wish for them a long life. Destiny will prevail. True love will prevail.
“Alright... bye, Sam.”
“New Orleans?” It sounded strange in the Scottish accent mixed with confusion.
“My brother gave those to me for Christmas last year. He said they keep wine at the proper temperature. I just know they don’t break and when you have a kid, unbreakable shit is a definite bonus.”
“Me? Shit, Sam, Cas tried to tell Dad and he blew him off. I’m a little out of my element here.”
“I had a great time today... tonight... and I want to see you again.”
“He’s so hot,” one of the girls behind Dean whispered and when his daughter agreed with her, he turned and shot her a
Dean was doing okay until he saw the amount on the register. His heart began to pound. Nine hundred dollars for a phone?
Once Dean had slowed the boat and entered the slough, they actually had a conversation. It lasted all of two minutes before Novak sighted an alligator slide. Dean moved the boat as close to the bank as he could. When the bow plowed into the muddy bottom, he cut the engine and lifted the prop.
“Are you okay?” Dean simply nodded, not wanting to talk in front of one of Cas’s team. He used his chin to motion for Cas to follow him and once they were out of earshot, Dean asked, “So, this is your life, huh?”
At four, he placed his seal on the final drawings and handed them off to one of the firm’s runners. Then he leaned back in his chair and rolled his neck to ease out the kinks. His eyes were drawn to the framed picture on the right side of his desk. He smiled as he usually did when he looked at it. A wedding picture was hung on the wall behind him, but this picture was more candid, both him and Dean on stage singing Karaoke at his last birthday.
Back at his mother’s -- now his – house, he left Charlie to her computer while he called Meg.
“Thirty-eight.” Dean needed to change the subject, so he gestured to the menu in front of Cas. “I hoped I could get you to try the burger, but if you want to go with something else, feel free.”
With a salute to the clerk, he ran to the elevator and punched the button. “Come on... come on,” he whispered as he watched the numbers light up. The doors opened and he stepped inside, pressing the correct floor. As the car carried him up to the fifth floor, he tried to settle his nerves. He was Dean Winchester, goddamn it.
“Let’s hear your system.” Dean didn’t want to rock the boat…or rig.
The door banged open. “What the fuck, Bobby?” Then he saw Castiel. “You.” He blinked a few times as if clearing an image. “What the hell’s going on?”
“Okay.” That was it. They’d been seeing each other for three years and Mick was used to Castiel disappearing. He really was the perfect boyfriend, but Castiel was the one unwilling to make it more serious than it was. “I’ll see you when you get home. Be safe.” Mick’s rich Irish accent always made him smile.
The clothes, cute dresses and pajamas, were tossed to the floor, but she squealed when her hands wrapped around the stuffed bear wearing a bathrobe and matching hairbow. She tucked it under her chubby arm and dove in for more.
“Dean, I’m sorry if I overstepped.”
“Hey, talk to me.” Meg looked back and forth between them, but kept her mouth shut.
“My daddy says you’re snotty. I’m only snotty when I gots a cold. You don’t look snotty.” Inquisitive green eyes peered at his face.
“Okay.” Dean finally met his eyes and Castiel saw them soften. He looked away. He didn’t want to be pulled in again. He’d thought Dean was different, but he’d been wrong.
Riser: A drilling riser is a conduit that provides a temporary extension of a subsea oil well to a surface drilling facility.
“Dinner is at six.” He waved and strode across the grass. Castiel watched him until he closed his front door and disappeared from sight.
. It was
“Claire get settled in okay?”
When he got there, he sat in the driveway staring at his phone. Cas would be waiting for him. He began to type.
“Dean, feel free to hang out at camp or come with us,” Cas said to him a few minutes later, when everyone was preparing for their expedition into the jungle.
“Hey, Cas,” Sam called out from the end of the bar. He stood and followed them, taking a seat across from Castiel. “Dean told me you were coming tonight and I couldn’t miss the chance of seeing my niece. Hi, Claire, can you come to Uncle Sam?”
“Castiel,” he said, shaking it gently.
“Hello, Dean.” Becky paused, her brush in midair. She looked from Castiel to Dean and back again.
They were discussing social media as used for advertising when Cas took out his phone. “Can I take your picture for Facebook?”
“It will do. Thank you.” All he got in return was a grunt.
“Thanks. I like it here.” Cas got ready to remove his coat, but Dean stopped him.
They took their seats and Castiel watched as Dean left with his escort. “You have become close with our savior.” Since her question was said as a statement, Castiel just inclined his head. “Good, he will need a friend to help him adjust to his new life.”
“She is correct in that assessment.”
“I don’t recall begging...” Cas murmured beside him and Dean tried to hide his smile.
Castiel walked toward the kitchen, his bare feet not making a sound. He could hear music now. When he came around the corner, he saw Dean. Dressed in plaid flannel pants and the same black t-shirt from last night, the man was swaying his hips and singing to a song playing from an iPod dock on the counter. He was standing at the stove frying bacon.
The ride to the airport was painful. Dean knew he was the one who was making it weird. Finally, as he parked and shut off the ignition, he turned to Cas. “I’ll walk you to the gate.”
“You got time for a Pop Tart,” Dean said, pushing the packet across the counter.
“Dean insisted that I come tonight, and I’ve seen Charlie, Benny, and Crowley. Now, you.”
“And I should have put a stop to her constant flirting... and explained what happened instead of making jokes.” Cas nodded sagely and held out his hand. Dean took it and together they entered their apartment.
“Oh, didn’t I tell you?”
“Shut up.” Castiel’s mouth snapped closed. Dean stepped into his space and placed his hand on the center of Castiel’s chest. “What we have... I’ve never felt before. You can declare from the rooftops, Castiel Novak. Declare all you want.”
“We’ve got reports of three dogs missing from that area. One wouldn’t be a red flag, because dogs roam, but three in one small area... Cas and I thought it warranted a drive-by.”
Morning brought the smells of bacon wafting into Cas’ dreamworld. He stretched and opened his eyes. Glancing at the alarm clock, he saw it was five minutes before his alarm was set to go off. He remembered that it was Thursday and Dean was scheduled for his dentist appointment this morning, so he didn’t have to go into work until later.
“Yeah, it’s good. Better than good. Benny is going down to New Orleans to film a segment on the French Quarter Festival. We’ll be needing you for Friday’s and Monday’s taping.” Castiel pulled up his mental calendar. He’d have to prepare the weekend’s desserts for the restaurant, or at least do some of the prep work. It would mean four days without Claire. Could Ruby and Gabe take her for that long?
sitting next to Cas on the way back to his place? Love potion... huh. Or was Cas like some sort of insect that squirted pheromones around and sucked innocent victims into his web? He blinked at the passing city. Now, he was mixing metaphors.
Then five sets of eyes were on him. “You’re gay?” Claire asked, a mischievous grin on her face.
As first kisses went, it was sloppy and there might have been some blood drawn accidently, but Cas wouldn’t have changed a thing.
“I’m going to go shower and get ready.” Without a backward glance, he headed to his room. He didn’t want to open that box in his mind, the one where he shoved the images of Kate’s dead body, the one where he kept pictures of his father’s face as he lied to the judge and jury... no, he had to keep it shut.
he was doing what he loved – cooking.
“Are you sure you don’t want to spend the night with us?” Ruby asked as she shouldered her purse.
Cas pulled into a parking garage that sat beneath a high rise. The toddler chattered from the backseat. When Cas finally pulled into a space and shut off the engine, he turned to Dean.
“I don’t
Dean pulled back then forward again to place another quick kiss on Castiel’s lips. “If I don’t go now, I’m not gonna want to leave.” Castiel nodded and shifted uncomfortably. His cock was hard and pressed against his fly. Damn, he was feeling like a damn teenager.
“Is it working?” Dean asked with a boyish grin.
“Follow me.” Castiel looked at Dean. How had this whole experience gotten so out of hand? Since everyone in the room was staring, Castiel turned and followed the nameless man to wardrobe.
“It won’t be that bad,” Director Cain said, taking a sip of the strong black coffee the diner was known for.
“Give me your phone?” Cas’ demand brought Dean out of his musings.
Dean stood up. “Cas, I...”
He could taste the blood. His right eye was swollen shut. He was filthy and stank of stale urine. Somehow, he’d lost track of time. Had he been in this rat-infested hellhole a couple of days or weeks? The only thing that kept him sane was his thoughts. Thoughts of Dean.
Dean’s hand moved faster, thrusting in and rotating his fingers to milk out those sweet sounds from Cas’ lips. He slid in another one and Cas body clinched. “Dean… need… fuck me.” Dean loved how the normally eloquent man was almost incoherent.
“Yeah, it’s pretty awesome. Claire has been going to Pride since she was old enough to drive, but this year, she asked me to get involved. I’ve flown a rainbow flag outside my business since she came out to me... tryin’ to be supportive as I can. It ain’t easy in Texas sometimes.”
He should have stayed longer. He’d known that Anna was having a hard time dealing with being a single mother. She’d been tired and barely eating. Maybe if he would have stayed, she would have been alive today.  The date made him pause. It was only a month before she was killed. He flipped over the next couple of entries and realized there were only a few filled pages left. So many blank sheets. A life wasted. Knowing it would be painful, he went to the very last entry.
As he tossed a load of laundry in, he rubbed his shoulder. The teeth marks had long since disappeared, but he felt a phantom ache on occasion.
Dean took his mark and watched as Cas entered the cooking area. They shook hands, and Dean couldn’t resist pulling him in for a manly hug. He felt Cas stiffen slightly and whispered. “Easy, just a hug, not grabbing your junk.”
“Yeah, guess there is that,” Dean said with another shrug as Castiel unlocked the room and stepped inside.
“Yeah, so... “ Dean looked around the room and walked to the window. “Not much of a view.” Castiel’s hotel room overlooked 23
Ruby sighed and opened the door wider. “No, she woke up about twenty minutes ago. I fed her some dinner and she’s watching cartoons.”
“Oh.” Well, what did you say to something like that, Dean wondered. He poked at the embers with a stick. Time to change the subject. “So, someone like you... I’ll bet you have your own fan club. I know Audrey sure talks about you all the time. She quotes articles you’ve written.
“Hello, Dean.” He closed his eyes and felt his jaw tic. Damn the man. After all this time... he could still make Dean want him just by saying his name.
Twenty minutes later, he was waiting downstairs, his trench coat hanging loosely. It was still cold in New York, while back home, the trees were budding and Southerners were planning spring activities. The SUV pulled to the curb and he stepped forward at the same time Ash came around to open his door. He would never get used to that.
“Yes. Bumblebee.”
Afraid? He wasn’t afraid. “I’m not...” he blushed, the skin of his face hot. “I just... I’ve never had to share Sam before and...”
Castiel refrained from rolling his eyes. “I still don’t see why I can’t...”
“You were thinking of Claire in your home?”
“Love you, sweetheart.”
“It was just a threat. I’ll bet you a bottle of
“Would an M-16 do it?” The Texas game wardens carried the heavy automatic weapons, but Dean hadn’t ever had the need to use it in the field.
Dean sat straight up in bed. “What? Are you sure? Who?” Nothing ever happened in Coosa Falls. The last fatality that wasn’t natural causes was when a kid jumped from the falls and broke every bone in his body.
“And doesn’t that sound like the kiss of death?” Charlie asked, tapping her finger on her chin.
They two men helped Mildred and the other women fold the tables and take down the tent. Castiel kept glancing at Dean, for some reason expecting him to disappear into thin air like his imagination had conjured up his perfect man. Handsome, yet warm and funny. A good father. A supportive father. A few times, he caught Dean watching him and they’d share an embarrassed smile.
“A pothead?” Dean’s tone was sharp. Cas meant nothing to him anymore. He’d left Dean to make it big in the music scene. He’d forgotten Dean. Cas Novak was nothing but a loser. Drugs and booze did that to a person.
“That travel writer,” she said with disdain. “He threatened Lilith at the library just yesterday. Dr. Adler said that he was an illegal.”
Over the next few days, Dean was busy helping a young Democratic congresswoman preparing for a town hall meeting about school lunch reform. So busy, that he’d forgotten about his upcoming trip to the fancy-smancy farm in Virginia. It might as well be outer Mongolia for all Dean cared. When he thought of farms, he envisioned cow manure, muddy pig sties, and miles of corn fields. When Charlie reminded him, it was the night before the interview, and he had no time to come up with an excuse not to go. How was it that Charlie could pretty much talk him into anything?
Castiel got out, but turned and leaned his head in. “Goodbye, Dean.”
“Kind? Nope, just didn’t want you dying of starvation on my watch.” Shit, his dickish behavior was back. What was it about Novak that made him act like a junkyard dog defending his territory?
“Did you get their gift yet?”
“Well?” Castiel looked from Claire to Jack, and then to his brothers. He got four nods. “Okay, I guess we’re in.”
“Because you love my sweet ass, and don’t even try to deny it.” She took the other woman’s hand in hers. “Gilda and I are taking your daughter with us tonight. So, don’t wait up.”
Castiel stood by Sam’s girlfriend, Eileen, and watched as the two brothers listened to their godfather, Bobby, telling one of his long-winded stories. He sipped his wine and stared up at the late afternoon sky. It was already getting dark.
He watched as Dean turned away and stepped off the porch. His jeans were well worn and not obscenely tight, but it was enough to show off his ass. Castiel bit his lip. “Dean, wait.”
At the door, he knocked. “Why are you knocking? Ain’t this your place?”
“I’m not sure I understand,” Castiel said, confused by the direction of the conversation.
“Sure he doesn’t want to...” Benny shrugged.
“Why?” He closed the door and leaned on the counter. From there, he could keep an eye on Claire. She was currently playing with the toddler-sized Lego’s Dean had gotten her for her second birthday.
“Cas has been clean since he went to rehab back in 2012. People can change, Dean.”
In his cot that night, Dean’s thoughts were on Cas. He’d gotten under Dean’s skin. How was he still single? He thought back to the conversation between Alfie and Ben. There was a picture floating around with Cas kissing, with tongue, another guy. Did he have someone back home? No, Dean knew Cas wasn’t a cheater. He could read people and Cas was a lot of things, but a douche wasn’t one of them.
She crossed her arms and her features hardened. “He could be just saying that, Castiel. You should get an attorney.”
“I needed a break anyway,” Dean’s office door shut and a blanket of quiet settled around them. Claire picked that moment to grab at the phone. “Hey, is that the princess? Hey, Claire. Are you glad to have your daddy home?”
“You used magic?” Bobby exclaimed, slamming his glass down on the table. “Dean, I told you...”
Beside him, Cas chuckled softly. “Interesting logic, but go ahead, you’re doing fine.”
“It was always just my mother and me.” He didn’t mention all the friends who were more like family. Dean, his brother, Sam, and Mary Winchester. He felt a stab to his heart. He should have been there for Dean...
“What’s a complace?” John asked, tugging on Castiel’s hand. “Can we goes to your zoo? I only been once with Unca Sam and Aunt Eileen.”
The week crawled by. Claire was fussy and Castiel was irritable which made for unpleasant evenings. His only respite was the nightly Facetime chats with Dean. One early in the evening for the three of them and one much later, private and sometimes sexual. The looks they shared were meaningful, but neither spoke of Cas’ declaration. As the days passed, without Dean bringing it up, Castiel began to have doubts that Dean was in love with him.
“Server. Main frame. Who gives a rat’s ass? You knew what I was talking about, you old coot.”
“Hey, less dumb. Less ass.” She rolled her eyes. He was cooler than her dad, but still, the dad jokes were lame.
“She seems like a good girl,” Castiel said, for lack of anything better. He wasn’t used to discussing personal details with strangers.
“Hey, where did you go?” Michael was standing in the hall outside of his office staring at Castiel.
“I mean
Slowly, he picked up the picture. Anna... and Dean... were standing in what looked like Times Square. What did this mean? He lifted the journal from the floor and carried it to his bed. It went against everything he held sacred. It was Anna’s most private words. But how did she know Dean? He’d told Dean the story of Anna and her death, but if he knew her, why hadn’t he mentioned it? Thoughts raced through his mind.
Dean picked up his burger and took a large bite. Cas hesitated briefly, like he was debating whether to use his knife and fork. Mouth still full, Dean said, “Go on, pick it up and take a bite.”
Castiel was propelled backward until he crashed onto the bed, Dean following. His hands were braced on either side of Castiel’s face and the other man’s face was flushed. “Fuck, you are so... hot.”
The crate was where the deliverymen left it by the back bay door. He moved to his workbench and hefted the crowbar. He was almost giddy. His family and friends would argue that Castiel didn’t ‘do’ giddy, but they never saw him like this. It was like his birthday and Christmas rolled into one, if his birthdays and Christmases would have been memorable.
Cas gave him a quizzical look. “Eighty-five miles?”
Dean chuckled. “Yeah, but I have a great setup on the roof.” Dean opened the fridge and took out two beers and sat them on the counter before removing the pan with the marinating meat.
When the fire died down and the kids made their way into their tents, Dean stayed outside with the men. Henrique told them he’d bring fruit back for breakfast in the morning and then he disappeared into the jungle. “Is he... will he be safe out there?”
During that time, Cas never asked about Aaron. He was all business. He took water samples, measured tracks, and took photos, their job of tagging now forgotten.
Downstairs again, he poked at the casserole with his finger. It was semi-warm. The kitchen was bright and sunny, and the appliances were fairly new. He found the silverware and grabbed a fork. The first bite wasn’t as bad as he thought. Cutting a small portion off and microwaving it, he decided it was edible.
“You don’t think the travel writer had anything to do with it, do you?”
“I apologize,” Castiel said sheepishly, opening the drawer to retrieve the corkscrew.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Yeah, dude, that’s why it’s called Dollar Tree. We’re here for groceries, not wrapping paper.”
“Sit,” Bobby said, pointing to the table where they’d grown up eating cereal and pb and j’s. They sat. Bobby paced the room a few times before finally taking a seat. He let out a breath.
Benny edged the boat out of the warehouse and reached up to turn on the light bar. Castiel knew it was out of respect for their fallen teammate. Dean stood at the bow, shoulders straight, hands clasped behind his back. Jo sat at the stern, eyes swollen and staring off at nothing in particular.
“No. Hey, is this the door?” The small hand gripped the brass doorknob of the set of French doors leading to his backyard.
“I’m not going, Dean. Let Castiel take you somewhere safe.” Bobby came forward and held out a leatherbound journal. “Take this. It was your daddy’s. He sent it to me before he... before he died.” Dean took it as if it were a precious artifact and opened it. He traced his father’s written words and closed it with a snap.
“I have a caveat of my own then.”
Cas declined dessert, but Dean insisted. Garth brought out the dessert and Dean was eager to see what his team came up with. He sat the confection before Cas and grinned.
. He was an enigma and his cop brain wanted to solve that puzzle. “I also talked to a friend of hers from high school, but I got nothing. Seemed she wasn’t liked and there’s a lot of people to sort through.”
“Nothing... just kiss me.”
For those that are on my palominopup FB page, you know that I've been doubting myself with this story. A friend read it today and she gently suggested that I've broken my first rule of writing. I'm telling this story and now showing it. It isn't my best and it will probably not be my worst, but I will do a re-write when I'm in the proper headspace for this story. I will finish it, hopefully, in the next week or so, and if you like it, I'm truly thankful. If not, come back and revisit it at another time and see if I've had the time to make my mark on it again.
“Charlie has been wonderful. You’d like her.”
“No, with the kids away, I plan on staying here,” Castiel said, also standing. Dean nodded, his teeth worrying his lower lip. “I... thank you for the meal.”
“Dean... wait...” But the man was gone. Disappearing into the throngs of visitors. Castiel sighed and made his way to the crocodile enclosure. He needed to check on Wilma before going back to the veterinary services building. The large female was awake and in the shallow end of the pool. She watched him as he unlocked the gate and stepped inside. He had never been afraid of these creatures. They were well fed and used to the humans charged with caring for them. He wasn’t stupid though. He always had a direct escape route ready. “How are you feeling, girl?”
“Not everyone needs college,” Dean said roughly and Castiel tilted his head at his tone. Dean’s earlier comment about Castiel not wanting to go out with him because he was a professor began to make sense.
“It’s tour, John.” Dean grinned down at his son. “Tour.” He enunciated it slowly.
“Deal,” Cas said, a smile twitching at his lips.
Cas had gotten out of the car because he needed the cool night’s breeze to calm him. Dean’s appearance had startled him, but not nearly as bad as he spooked Dean.
“Yeah, it did,” Dean said, his eyes roaming over the rows and rows of life vests and the capsules used to get a crew off an oil rig safely. They weren’t like those on cruise ships or in the movies. These looked like torpedoes mounted on slides that dropped them into the water. Dean had learned how to get into one safely in his training.
He closed the journal, his thumb holding the place. She’d found out who Dean was. He couldn’t read any more. Castiel was certain Anna had contacted the celebrity chef and... what? Had Dean ignored her? Had he refused to believe her? He tossed the book onto the bed and stood. He needed a drink. His phone pinged with an incoming text message. He made his way to the kitchen and poured himself a shot of vodka. It burned and caused tears to come to his eyes, but it didn’t stop him from repeating it.
As soon as he was out of the car, a pretty, petite brunette opened the door and stepped onto the steps leading up to the house. “Damn, Sam, you did alright for yourself.” The pictures Sam showed him over the last few years didn’t do her justice. She greeted him with a warm smile and then wrapped him in a tight hug. It was weird, but a good weird. Sam was the only other person he has hugged in years.
Dean poured the champagne while Cas was looking up at the New York skyline. Ash was driving them slowly around Central Park and now the seduction could begin.
Claire drove in from Baton Rouge on Friday morning and settled into her room. Meg was already ensconced in the guest room, so it was easy to round everyone up to leave for the party. Meg was wearing white capris and a vivid red tank to match her lipstick and shoes. Since it was aboard a riverboat, Castiel dressed down to jeans and dark plaid shirt.
“I know. And not a day goes by that I don’t regret it, babe. It was just... I wanted to move it to the next level and you didn’t. Instead of waiting on you, I bolted. I was stupid.”
On their way back to the bakery, Dean called Sam, and his brother met them there to help with the unloading. The three men made short work of setting up the apartment and when Dean looked around, he was relatively pleased by the way it was coming together. He thanked Cas for his help and watched his boss close the door behind him.
“Fine. Just fuckin’ fine.”
. Ketch? That bloodsucking guard? How many more? No, I don’t want to even… It doesn’t matter. I’m going home.” Ah, was Dean’s anger based on jealousy? He could explain.
he feel. The third finger burned and caused sweat to break out along his spine. He thrust erratically, back and forth, his hips rolling faster and faster. Cas lifted his other hand and pinched Dean’s nipple. He growled at the pain. Then Cas rubbed it soothingly.
“I didn’t see or hear anything,” Max replied with a shrug.
downsize from the five-bedroom house that he has now.
“Chef Winchester, it’s nice to see you again. I’m going to enjoy seeing what culinary delights you have in store for us. I don’t think we’ve ever been properly introduced. I’m Castiel Novak.” He held out his hand.
Dean’s mother would have been ashamed of his behavior. He didn’t even bother to help the man with his bags. He ventured a look skyward as if she was looking down on him, disapproval in her pretty features.
“And you’ve raised an intelligent young woman. She’ll be fine. Besides, you know one of her professors and I’m just a phone call away.”
“Take care, son.”
Castiel Novak’s voice sounded like a three-day bender of smooth whiskey and expensive cigars. How had he not noticed that?
“Okay,” Dean managed to get out before she was talking again.
As he was changing into the jeans, the phone in his room rang. He answered on the third ring. “Hello?”
Castiel couldn’t really argue. Meg was a wildcard. She could hobnob with the rich but wasn’t above dancing on a pole if the situation was right. “She would never embarrass the kids,” Castiel assured them. Of that, he was certain.
“Little late to be shy, Cas.”
“He’s a nice guy,” Sam said, watching Dean speculatively.
. Dean hated those smiles.
“Meg, may I have a word,” Cas said, wiping his hands on a towel.
“I don’t think that’s why he’s here. His email to Donna said he was writing a book about his adventures traveling the globe.”
Suddenly, she whipped her tail around and lifted the cow into the air, her jaws clamping tightly around it. “Now,” Castiel and Dean shouted together. Ketch touched the screen of his phone and the noise was deafening. A burst of white then red as blood and gore rained down on them. A cheer rose from the boat and Castiel was patted on the back by Ketch and Benny. Dean was grinning at him and despite his feelings, he smiled back.
“At the last meeting, it was discussed that the arcane law of interspecies mating was antiquated and should be removed.” There were a lot of angry murmurs from the members, but Missouri paid no heed. Castiel liked the strong witch. He considered her one of the few friends he had on the Council.
“He is,” Sam replied.
“A witch paid me a visit tonight.” Bobby exhaled sharply, but remained silent. “She said her name was Ruby and she wanted me to go with her... something about needing my blood.”
“Let’s put this little girl to bed,” Castiel said quickly.
“We didn’t
The man was uncut, his foreskin allowing Dean to see the slick slit. He watched in fascination as his hand pumped up and down the shaft, the head appearing for Dean’s pleasure with each stroke. He squeezed and felt a flush of heat when a drop of precum beaded up. With a quick glance up at Cas, who was on his elbows staring at Dean, he bent to lap it up. The bitter, yet tantalizing, taste exploded in his mouth. “Tease.”
He found a café right around the corner from the hotel and ate a sandwich as he watched the people go by. On the way back, he stopped at a small store called Bumblebee Kids. He found a cute yellow dress with black trim and a bee appliquéd on the pocket. Claire would look adorable in it.
“What will you be having, Witch?” Dean was about to take offense at the name-calling, but at the almost serene look on the Lutin’s face, he reined in his temper. After all, he was a witch.
“Wh...What... uh, no.” A smile lit up his face and Castiel’s palms began to sweat. The man was truly beautiful. “You asking me out, Cas?”
“It’s time,” a voice rang out, echoing in the large, circular room. Castiel strode toward the open doorway. He could smell Alistair’s tainted blood behind him.
“I need you to come to the office.” There was no hello. John Winchester didn’t do small talk. He was all business.
“We will have to eat without him,” Eileen said quickly. She shrugged and Dean guessed that she’d learned being a doctor’s wife meant lots of lonely evenings and missed dinners.
When he pulled into his driveway, he let his eyes drift to Dean’s house. The beautiful, black car was in its place by the garage door. Should he walk over and say hello to try to show Dean his odd behavior wasn’t a big deal? Or would that call more attention to it? Letting out a frustrated exhale, he unlocked his door and readied himself for a boring evening.
“I think we’ve moved on from that topic, Sam,” Chuck said with a smile.
really a shame.
Max, a nice young man in his mid-twenties, grinned at him and Jesse. “Did you see the size of that thing? Damn.”
“Stop it...” Dean was shaking his head back and forth like he didn’t want to hear Cas’ words. He had one last chance. He started to sing the song he wrote for Dean.
“Fourteen.”
The dining room table was set for two. He didn’t want this to look like a planned seduction. It wasn’t.  Cas had made that perfectly clear. Dean just wanted it to be dinner between friends. There were no candles, no fancy placemats, not even a centerpiece. Not that Dean ever had a centerpiece. The beautiful teak table held two plates, silverware and pint glasses for the beer.
It took them two hours to pick out several pairs of jeans, some shirts, boxers, socks, and some new boots. They’d hit four different stores and Dean was tired. As promised, Sam gave Dean the receipts. He put it in his new wallet along with the one from the phone store.
Dean looked down at his boots and then at the pasture. He exhaled while Balthazar unlatched the gate for him. As he walked, their big buck, Clyde, took notice of the newcomer. “This should be interesting,” his brother said, arms crossed over the top rail of the fence.
And so it ends... please understand that while Cas and Dean live a long life, others in their family can not. This chapter, the epilogue, has a sad part, but a happy ending for our boys. No MCD for Cas and Dean.
He settled on Cas’ thighs and let his body adjust. He’d hurt tomorrow, but that would be good. Tomorrow, Cas would be gone again.
“Good God, I would hope not. Milton is batshit crazy. He’s one of those fire and brimstone pastors and hates anyone that isn’t white, straight, and well-to-do,” Mildred informed him.
“Bee.”
“I’m proud of you, Jack. So damn proud.” He was rewarded with a grin and they drove in silence for a few more minutes, each into their own thoughts. Castiel found a parking spot close to the entrance of the park. People, decked out in rainbows and some outlandish outfits, were making their way into already crowded event.
else, sent Dean into a dreamless slumber.
Later that night, after dinner at Benny’s place, Mandy was in her room blasting some pop music and Dean was kicked back in his recliner watching another episode of Chopped on Food Network. His mind wandered to Milton. James Milton. He was sexy as fuck, no denying it. “Shit, maybe I do need to get out more,” he mumbled before calling it a night.
“Dean and I live with five others. Last year, we decided to live off what a SNAP recipient typically receives. At the beginning of every week, we all count out our money and sit down together to come up with a menu. We take turns shopping and cooking. It’s a challenge to come up with inexpensive meals that are good for you. I had an idea to bring that challenge to you.”
He watched as his father pulled up something on his computer. “When did you want to fly out? We got a shift change coming up June first. That will give you a week to prepare. That’s on the Blue Sea.” Each of the rigs were named after types of starfish. That was something Chuck started when Castiel was a young child and was fascinated by the creatures. In the lobby of Novak Oil was a huge saltwater aquarium and it held at least one of each. Castiel stopped by it every morning to see how they were doing.
On the way, Cas took out his phone. “Stefany, it’s Professor Novak.” Dean glanced over, wondering who this Stefany person was. “I’m good, but this isn’t a social call.” There was a pause and then Cas continued. “I’m in Houston. We have a rogue alligator and last night, it killed a teenage boy.” Again, Cas paused to listen. “Yes. I have a cast and I’m estimating it is over twenty-five feet.” Dean thought he heard the person shouting on the other end of the line. “No, I wish I was joking.”
Dean didn’t know what to say. He looked back at the foam churned up by the boat’s motor. “She’s a teenager, Dean. Try to remember that.” He was left alone and his eyes drifted to the front where Audrey was sitting. She wasn’t by herself anymore. Dimitri was with her and they were talking quietly.
Dean finally sat the canister down on the counter. He turned to his brother, face red with both shame and anger. “I love how my family and my employees talk behind my back.”
“We pray she takes the bait.” The cow had been pulled a short distance and the rope was taut from where it was tied to the gunwale. The alligator had seen it, but wasn’t moving nearer. Castiel held his breath.
“Cas, this is Garth, my sous chef and right-hand man. He keeps this place going.”
And fuck if he didn’t trust Cas. He didn’t have to like it though. They didn’t speak again until Dean pulled up at the Marina. The other boat was already in the water and his three co-workers and friends stood on the dock, waiting for them. Dean introduced Cas and he let the expert tell the team what to look for. “And please, it is imperative that you are careful. No one goes after it alone,” Cas added at the end of his briefing.
, just fucking great. He’d slip and fall to his death right in front of the jackass.
“Yes. With the homeschooling, he got to finish up early.” The pandemic was a godsend to Jack, who had always been a loner and hated the social aspects of high school. “Meg will fly in on Thursday night and they’ll leave together on Saturday night.”
. “Fuck,” he muttered and went over the side. The water wasn’t deep, but his boots sunk into the muck. “Damn it. Fuck this shit.” He slogged up the bank and slipped twice in the mud before making it to the drier area. He moved over the small rise and inhaled sharply.
“I had a nice little chat with your boyfriend this morning. And guess what? Come on, guess.” Dean opened his mouth to contradict Crowley’s use of the term boyfriend, but Crowley went on. “He decided to terminate his contract.”
The taping went fine and Dean was more at ease with Castiel on the set. He made some on-air jokes and was even openly affectionate. Crowley told both of them that it was ‘ratings gold’. Castiel wasn’t sure what he meant by that and he didn’t feel comfortable enough to ask.
His mother murmured her thanks and moved away to speak to one of the wait staff, her hand in Claire’s. Jack stood next to his grandfather. “Did the caterer come through,” Castiel asked curiously.
“Meg.” God, she scared him sometimes.
As usual, he’d left the large barn doors open. In late April, it was still chilly in the early morning, but he liked the feeling of still being connected to the happenings around the farm. The loud rumble of an engine drew his attention. Benny, from Lafitte Farms, wasn’t due to deliver their weekly meat order for another hour or so. It didn’t sound like his diesel truck, but he didn’t think they were expecting any other deliveries. He stood and went to the entrance.
Castiel laughed. “It was a tongue-in-cheek thing. Luke is the oldest and when he got to the terrible twos, he was somewhat of a demon, so Dad started calling him Lucifer. That set the tone. Michael was next, then Balthazar and Gabriel. Hannah, the first girl, and a true angel, according to my father, was not included in the family joke.”
“What time?” Frank had read the report to him and he knew the deputy was listed as on scene at twelve thirty-two. He was an operative, interrogations were second nature to him. Both as the questioner and the questionee.
“You love me,” Dean retorted, brandishing his favorite titanium knife like a light saber. “Everyone loves me.” He straightened quickly when the door to the kitchen was pushed open by his least favorite person. Alistair, his boss and the owner of Trés Bon.
Once they were gone, Mildred made herself busy on the other side of the tent. “Dean, please don’t feel you have to...”
Hearing Cas’ usual deep voice crack added to Dean’s own excitement. He continued to pump the shaft, taking as much as he could into his mouth, while his left hand found his own cock, releasing it from its confines. He swirled his tongue around the head, tasting the explosion of salty precum.
“I should go, Dean. I have a flight in the morning.”
The potatoes were seasoned with rosemary and a hint of lemon. The Brussels sprouts were in a balsamic vinegar glaze. He hummed to himself as he ate. It was good to have the chef back on board. As if conjured by his thoughts, he saw Dean in the doorway. Their eyes met and held. Someone must have called out to Dean because he turned away and disappeared from sight.
He’d be going in late to take the evening shift since it was Friday. The sheriff’s department had to have a presence at the high school football game. It was his turn.
“I’m sorry. I can’t do this,” Dean whispered and shut the door. He leaned against it, then sank to the floor. Cas broke his heart once. He’d worked hard to patch it up, but the cracks were still there. Now, blinding light was showing through and he felt like it would shatter into a million pieces this time. He heard the sweet sound of the Corvette’s engine and listened intently as drove away. He pressed the heels of his hands into his burning eyes. “Fuck you, Cas.”
a genius.”
Once he was in bed, he opened the picture file on his phone and flipped through them. There were dozens of Claire. He scanned through them until he reached the one taken at Winchester’s. Castiel sitting in a chair, Dean kneeling next to him…smiling into the camera.
“Oh. Guess being
“I do love you, Sunshine.”
“How much did you hear?”
All through trailering the boat, Castiel was quiet, inwardly thinking about the handsome man. Was it his fault Dean didn’t like him? His family told him that he was stuffy and lacked social skills. Dean
He got a lifted eyebrow, so he stowed his questions. In the kitchen, Mildred and Frank moved around in a well-orchestrated dance to get breakfast going. Where they... uh? No, surely not.
He was given a brief history of the company and found out that each rig in the Novak fleet were named after starfish and those same starfish were in the big aquarium in the lobby. When he left, he made sure to stop by and see the two-hundred-gallon tank. It held dozens of fish, crustaceans, and live coral. He found the Blue Sea right away with its beautiful coloring.
“Shipping?” Dean asked, eyes narrowed.
“No, it is quite alright. John, you can touch her. She’s very much asleep.” The child tugged the man forward and reached a tentative finger out to run over the thick plates of the crocodile’s side. “This is a Saltwater Crocodile. She comes from Northern Australia.”
He hoped Cas wouldn’t make it weird.
Dean opened the door and flipped the light switch. On his living room floor was a wicker laundry basket filled with toys. A high chair was at his dining room table. On the island in the kitchen were boxes of juice, cereal, and stuff Dean assumed was good for kids. A stroller was parked by the door. “Wow.”
The drive was tense. Cas wouldn’t even glance his way. Within a few minutes, he pulled into the driveway of a nice house. It was impressive, but not showy. “Excuse me,” Cas said. Ever the polite gentleman, Dean thought sourly.
“Guess we’ll be taking turns watching them then,” Castiel said, his eyes still on Dean, who was now filling the tank. A clicking sound from behind him caused him to turn. Max was taking pictures of Dean and the goats. “Good morning, Max.”
“No, to the contrary... a college education need not be the basis of a good, honorable career. Look at our military, firefighters, our police. Most do not have a degree of any kind, yet they have the most important of jobs.”
Cas tossed back the comforter and stood up, moving into Dean’s personal space. “Is that what’s holding you back? Lack of protection and something to ease the way? Interesting. It’s a shame you don’t know how to have a good time without those.” Dean met his eyes, refusing to back away. They were mere inches apart.
The heady aroma of cooking garlic made his nostrils flare and he remembered he hadn’t eaten since breakfast, some nine hours ago. He followed his nose and it led him to a sunny kitchen. At the counter, stood a man that could have stepped out of a magazine spread. Castiel’s eyes roamed over his muscular arms and nimble hands fastidiously chopped a bunch of scallions. His gaze trailed over the man’s torso, partially hidden by a loose fitting t-shirt. He swallowed and then his eyes moved back to the face some would call pretty.
“Always.” Dean ended the call and stepped back inside the room. “Cas,” he barked loudly. “Wakey, wakey, eggs and bakey.”
Dean slammed the grocery store checkout divider down in the middle of the table. “You said you didn’t take that from the store,” Cas said, scandalized.
“We have cookies,” Dean said, also getting to his feet.
. That one word coming from Cas’ sinful mouth about did him in. He sank down on the bed, because his legs couldn’t have held him up a second longer. Cas came forward and pushed him back before crawling up beside him. Dean watched as he squeezed the lube onto his fingertips.
“James A. Milton,” Castiel read off the driver’s license.
“Shall we go?” If Dean noticed Castiel mood dampening, he didn’t say anything. The drive back to the hotel was made in silence. Castiel looked at his watch when Dean parked.
“She still remains my best friend.”
“To new friends.” Dean held up his glass. Cas touched the rim of his flute to Dean’s and took a small sip.  Dean took a swig of his and casually placed his hand on Cas’ thigh. Cas pointedly looked down at his leg and back up at Dean.
kind of love. No one could feel
“He didn’t have to. It was the only logical choice. He loved you,” Sam said gently, letting his words sink in.
As promised, the contract arrived and Castiel set the envelope on the dresser in his bedroom. He had a week. The next night, he and Claire drove to his brother’s house and the four of them had dinner together. He helped Ruby clean the kitchen while Gabriel danced around the living room with a giggling Claire. “Something is on your mind,” Ruby stated softly, pushing the latch on the dishwasher.
“I called an Uber.” Dean head snapped around.
He waited and then he heard the elevator. Fuck, why had he given his brother the key to the elevator? A minute later, the door opened and his brother stood there. He looked Dean up and down. “You look like shit and it smells like a fuckin’ brewery in here.” He came closer and turned up his nose. “How much have you had?”
“Whole Foods? What the hell kind of place is this? Don’t they have a Market Basket around here?” Dean took a cart anyway and began to inspect the vegetables.
Back inside the barn, Castiel handed Claire the strawberries to wash and drizzle with balsamic vinegar. He gave the vegetables to Jack to clean and prep. “This is my family,” Castiel explained as he pointed out each one. “Claire and Jack are my children. Jack is a junior at the local high school, and Claire is in her third year at Virginia Tech. Back there,” he pointed, “are my brothers, Gabriel and Balthazar.” He was glad they were joining him this morning. They were the charmers. Castiel would much rather be by himself with the bees, goats, or chickens. Or alone with his kids.
“Since when does Benny have a key to our house?” Please God, don’t let Cas say he told Benny about Dean’s stupid fantasy.
“Yes, thank you,” Castiel responded with a smile. The younger man eyed him with curiosity, but continued moving toward the back door to help with the unloading of the vegetables.
She closed the door behind her and then slowly crossed her arms over her chest. A lesser man would have bared his throat in submission at the withering look she gave him. “Dean Winchester, you’d best stop this nonsense and tell me what’s going on.” She used the toe of her shoe to kick some of the paperwork toward him.
“Good, then that means you’ll keep it in your pants.” Crowley stood and walked toward the door declaring the meeting over. Benny and the production crew left right after leaving Dean, Charlie and Balthazar sitting at the big conference table.
“Wha... what?” Dean stammered and he hated himself for it.
Dean jogged over to him. “The lake is about a mile that way,” he said pointing west. “But this is Luce Bayou. There are lots of streams, creeks, and small rivers around here.” He took his ball cap off and scratched his head. “We’ll have to report this. Are you one hundred percent positive, Cas?”
Dean lifted his chin, staring incredulously at Cas. What the fuck did he mean by that? So many things to examine in that short speech.
“Duh.”
He picked up the file from Abby, and Jo followed him out to the hallway. “Looks like you’ll be on your own next week.” At her startled look, he explained the situation. She teased him about it the rest of the day.
“I’m flying back Saturday night. Will you pick me up at the airport?”
She looked up. Green eyes stared back at him. “Yeah, sure... I mean no. I don’t mind.”
Sam looked at Dean and then back at Bobby. “Why are you telling us this now? What happened?”
“Then why stay with her?” Castiel asked, perplexed. One day, he’d like to meet someone special or maybe even fall in love with, but that must wait until Jack finished school and was out on his own. Perhaps, they’d move into Castiel’s home in the Garden District... or maybe they’d find a new place. Once the kids were gone, he
The small pouch with the jewelry was set aside for later. It was the tea service he wanted to get his hands on. Pulling on a pair of gloves, he gently picked up the sugar dish and set it aside. The creamer came out next, and then the urn. Even through the cotton material, the piece was warm to the touch. Strange. He placed it on his work table and took out the heavy tray. The engraving was crisp and easy to see. The MacLeod crest was clear and Castiel ran his fingertip over it. Shaking himself, he finished unloading the crate and quickly broke it down so it could be put on the street for trash day.
“Good as can be expected with the pandemic screwing us over the last year or so.” The businesses had been hit hard across the country, but Roadhouse adapted by offering takeout and delivery of their citywide famous burgers. Now, coming into May, most were vaccinated and things were looking up.
He stood. “Andrei Cardei wed and mated a Gamayun last year, but kept it hidden from his pack. Their ‘child’,” he said the word with distaste. “...was born last month. The pack leader reported it to me and I gave the order for their execution. Proof of death was delivered through proper channels.”
“Meg,” Castiel yelled.
Castiel took a deep breath and remembered Mildred’s words. Life was risky, but just maybe... “Dean, are you doing anything later this evening?”
Several minutes went by and he got no response from Dean. The polite conversation had run its course. Dean had moved on to something more important than communicating with Castiel. He sat down on the floor with Claire and helped her stack blocks.  His phone pinged.
Later that night, alone in their bedroom, Becky leaned against his chest. “Thank you for going along with me.”
“Dean,” came Ellen’s voice and then she banged on the door before opening it.
“This looks wonderful, Dean.”
At the Friday staff meeting, Crowley told them all about the contract with Cas and how he’d be a fill-in guest host for those times when one of the hosts were unavailable. Charlie was enthusiastic and Benny seemed unaffected.
“Dad made pie,” John said, still holding him by his hand. Ah, that was the other enchanting smell. Since John was unwilling to let go of him, Castiel set the bottle of wine on the large granite island and opened the cabinet Dean had indicated with his left hand. He took out two stainless, stemless wine ‘glasses’ and eyed them curiously.
“We understand. No one is asking for a decision today, Castiel. Dean, a room has been prepared for your stay. I have assigned a member of the Council to be your escort during your stay with us.” Castiel opened his mouth to say that he would act as Dean’s guide, but a sharp glance from Duval, the werewolf at the end of the table made his mouth snap shut. Castiel had been silenced and to go against the High Council wasn’t done. He folded his hands in his lap.
, it didn’t bode well. What had he done?
“No. I don’t know. I just don’t want to be up here. I wanted to stay close to home.” He’d had his heart set on the Louisiana Culinary Institute in Baton Rouge.
Going back to his house nightly after dropping Cas off at his hotel wasn’t sitting well, so Saturday night Dean decided invite himself to dinner in Cas’ room. The dude had to be kind of lonely being in a strange city and not knowing anyone.
Dean grinned. “Thought I’d come early and have a drink with you.” The bartender sat a stemmed glass in it in front of Cas. The cocktail was red with a lime garnish.
“Asshole,” Cas said loud enough for whomever Dean was talking to could hear him.
“Huh? Of what? Spice of Life?” So, Dean didn’t know. There was no way disguise that kind of shock.
Dean pulled a plate out of the oven filled with scrambled eggs and bacon. Cas made himself a cup of coffee and sat down across from Dean. “I just want eggs this morning,” Cas said, taking a small helping onto his plate.
“This stroller is over a thousand dollars.” Dean had given Ellen his credit card, so he wasn’t worried.
“Is there any place else?”
“Thanks, Sammy.” Dean smiled. Sam had always been there to help him with Mandy. Being a single father was hard and a couple times he thought he was failing, but Sam was around to kick his ass and get him back on track.
“I find it hard to believe that you don’t invite people to your restaurant, Dean. You should be very proud of yourself and what you’ve accomplished. What are you thirty-one, two?”
Blood must intermingle as the rainfalls and  the full moon shines upon us.
“No. Are you kidding?” Dean knew Meg was recording her solo CD in the next few months. Cas’ last one had gone platinum and he’d agreed to a short tour schedule. Now, he was home. Home.
“Atlanta.” Dean looked sheepish under her intense gaze.
and he'd memorized the pattern of freckles across his nose and cheeks, the color of his eyes -- so green they were like leaves in the early spring, the shape of his lips which were almost feminine. He groaned.
“Okay, nice to meet you, but you need to get out of my way,” Dean said, his hands tight on the edge of the door.
Dean frowned. “What? No, hon, that’s not true. Your mom...” He stopped, remembering a late night phone call about Dean’s Christmas present. He’d gotten Audrey a fly fossilized in amber. Cassie told him he shouldn’t encourage Audrey’s fascination with bugs. He wasn’t going there. Cassie was gone. Despite everything, he knew she loved their daughter. “You know what, none of that matters. You keep doing what you’re doing. Professor Novak thinks you have potential.”
“I could eat.” Dean had barely touched the breakfast he’d been served. She took his hand and led him into the house. He tried not to stare, but let himself be led into a huge, modern kitchen. On the granite island sat a pie. Eileen had made him pie. She gave him a shy smile.
“What? The homophobic, racist, peroxide blonde?” He’d told them the story over dinner and they’d both gotten a kick out of it. They’d told him all about the nasty woman and how he’d been glad he’d stood up to her. “How?”
“I’m pretty sure Stefany knows I’m gay, Dean.”
“Hello, Dean.”
“What are you trying to say?” Cas asked, eyes boring into Dean’s. God, they were a pretty blue.
He frowned at the shirts and hung them back up. Then he gripped the cart’s handle. “Dude, how much did these cost?” He poked at the candles as if they were an alien being.
“Yeah, the celebrity you could boink and I would let you because… well, it’s your freebie.”
“Oh, it’s okay."
When they finished eating, Cas stood and took both of their plates. Dean protested but was reminded that Cas was staying here and the least he could do was clean up the kitchen. Dean let him have at it. He leaned back on the couch and tried to come up with something to do for the rest of the day. He had about four hours before he was needed at the restaurant.
“So?”
There is a brief semi-sexual encounter with Cas and another man, but trust me, it isn't of any import. He is a vampire after all.
“Have sex?” Castiel slowed the car, turning to face Dean. The man was blushing. He bit the inside of his cheek to keep from smiling.
“Dean...” Hearing his name fall from that perfect, fucking mouth drove him on. He wrapped his legs around Cas’ hips, forcing him down so that their cocks pressed together. Cas kissed him again, breathless and frenzied. They rutted together, sweat making their skin slick. Dean yanked his arm free of Cas’ grip and reached between them, wrapping them both in his fist. Fucking would have to wait. He was close. Damn close. His heels drove into Cas’ ass, setting a ruthless pace. “Dean, I’m...”
“What did Sam need you to do this weekend?”
“Castiel, it’s been a long time.” He didn’t bother to look up.
“Yes. Yes, I am,” Castiel said emphatically, lifting his chin. He might be boring, but when Dean smiled at him like that, he felt special.
“I would suggest you treat
“When do we leave?” It was one of the most pressing of Dean’s questions. He had to get out of here. The stone walls, the cold, the hundreds of monsters... all of it.
Castiel didn’t see what the ratings had to do with him, so he said nothing.
“Sounds like an asshat.”
Castiel raked his fingers through his hair. He hadn’t meant to mention it to Dean until he found out more. “Dean, please, we need to talk, but now isn’t the time.” The rotunda was quiet which meant that the rite was about to begin. He took Dean’s arm and steered him through the doors.
"No, he was a randy prostitute," Cas informed him matter-of-factly. Dean groaned and wanted a hole to appear and swallow him.
? He’d heard about Southern colloquialisms but hearing it firsthand was going to be an education. The last ten years of his career, he’d been infiltrating terrorist cells and speaking in various Arabic dialects so much that he found himself thinking in the language sometimes.
Back home, Dean made several trips up and down the stairs.
It took Castiel forty-eight hours of medical care, intravenous fluids, and sleep to feel human again. He’d been flown out by helicopter with the SEAL team to Soto Cano Air Base in Honduras until he was well enough to fly home. So far, he hadn’t had any contact with headquarters, but it was coming and he dreaded it.
After exiting his car, he called Dean’s phone. Akhtar answered on the first ring. “I’m here. Send the deputy out and I’ll go with you.”
“Akhtar, you have no reason to hurt Deputy Winchester. Let him go and I will come to you.”
The rest of Dean's week was hectic and it didn't help that he was in a foul mood. Crowley had gotten wind of the fact that Dean took Cas to his restaurant and made a few choice comments. Dean lied and said Cas was just a nice guy and Dean wanted to reward him for winning the contest. He didn't think Crowley bought it, but that was his story and he was sticking to it.
While they ate, Mildred and Frank talked about the murder. Castiel barely knew the obnoxious woman and wasn’t broken up about it. In his line of work, some people just deserved to die.
bedroom. Strangely enough, it didn’t send a wash of panic over him. He was thinking about a future with Dean.
Dean took a few minutes to read over Cas’ profile right before the guy was supposed to arrive. Yes, he’d stolen it from the studio, but he’d give it back. Cas was thirty-eight, single, liked mountain biking, running, and reading. He scanned through Cas’ educational background and employment history. And there it was at the very end of the page, ‘
“Dean,” Cas’ sharp tone brought him back again. How did he do that? Cas thrust up and into him roughly, laying his claim and driving all thought from Dean’s mind. They moved together, bodies straining. A part of Dean, the basest part of him, wanted to come, but his soul, the very core of Dean Winchester, wanted this to last forever.
“Son of a bitch... stupid motherfucker...” Dean remembered his father’s warning.
My daughter is coming for a visit and so this might be the last chapter until next week. Stay tuned.
Castiel raised an eyebrow. “I think you had more sense when you were twelve.” He continued his trip to the SUV without bothering to see if they followed.
“Guess a city boy doesn’t know much about farming. Careful you don’t get those new boots of yours dirty.”
He let the stench of eighteen hours in planes sluice off him with the hot water. Since they were heading into the jungle tomorrow... by boat... jeez, he probably wouldn’t have another shower until their return trip in five days. Maybe he’d get up early tomorrow so he could have another. Decision made, he shut off the water.
“We gotta eat,” Dean said dismissively.
“Perhaps we should go to see Mr. Singer first.”
A special thanks to Tiffany and Stephanie for correcting my mistakes along the way.
“No. His sister died and he’s Claire’s guardian.”
“We have to keep hunting,” Cas said. “Something this large cannot stay hidden forever. Once Sam’s newscast airs, I’m hoping people will be more alert.” Sam and Cas had shared a brief conversation earlier and he was set to broadcast on the newsbreak at noon. The office of the Texas Fish and Game would be issuing its own press release on five of the city’s radio stations. News of the boy’s death was all over social media already and they needed to calm the panic.
Two months later, passports in hand, they found the designated meeting spot for the group. Dean stood by while all the other parents said their goodbyes and departed. There were eight teens, three girls and five boys. After looking over the boys, Dean was glad he’d decided to go on the trip despite the hefty price tag. It was going to take him months to pay off the credit card. Audrey’s grandmother had paid for his daughter’s portion as part of her birthday present.
“Thank you for dinner last night, Dean. It was very thoughtful and I enjoyed it,” he said as he settled into the passenger seat.
He’d made it to the main road when a woman stepped out in front of his car. He slammed on the brakes. She was dressed in black, a long gown, better suited for a cocktail party than Sioux Falls in March. Was she drunk? Lost? He opened his door and she smiled. A bad feeling rushed over him. Something evil.
Dean’s mouth turned into a pout. “I’m seriously thinking of taking back the sixty-nine offer.”
with the small dick. Dean chuckled at his own joke.
“That’s weird. He sure doesn’t look gay.” Then Ben laughed. “Boy, those girls are going to be really disappointed.” Then he sobered and his eyes met Dean’s. Dean blinked. Ben stared. Dean smiled crookedly.
“What are you doing here?” Cas’ usually deep voice was raised in anger. He came forward and snatched Claire up causing her to drop the teapot. It rolled under the table, still playing music, and she started to cry.
, he just found out his kid wanted to leave him. Ridiculous blue eyes bored into his.
“Well, well, hello there. Are all the men in this New Orleans as pretty as you three?” Castiel closed his eyes. The scent of her perfume informed him that she was right beside him.
“We’re going to swing by Cas’ hotel and drop him off.”
Sam’s voice was groggy. “Time’s it?”
“Good. I hope you don’t mind stopping somewhere so I can pick up some things for lunch.” He had a few granola bars and a few bottles of water, but that wouldn’t last him the entire day. “When we get back in tonight, I’ll take an Uber to the grocery store for provisions.”
Wiping the sweat from his brow, he pushed everything out of his mind. He had work to do. Spring meant longer daylight and he needed to take advantage. A few of the cows were getting ready to calve and he couldn’t afford to lose any of them. He finished unloading the last of the feed and headed for the larger barn. The smell of manure and sawdust didn’t affect him, it was something every farmer was used to. He patted the backside of one of the Holsteins that made up his herd.
. Shit. He let himself fall backward on the bed and sighed dramatically. Was he interested enough in Dean to play around? Just a one-time thing. No strings.
“Do it,” Dean challenged. He sat up and wrapped his arms around Castiel. Before he lowered his mouth to kiss him again, he whispered, “Make me yours.”
Dressed in jeans and a plain black t-shirt, he strolled towards Decatur Street, only glancing at his watch once. He had plenty of time. The Roadhouse was owned by two of his favorite people. Bobby Singer and Ellen Harvelle were a couple that didn’t need a marriage certificate to prove they were family. Bobby was the one who raised Sam and Dean when their father went on his benders. He’d given both boys stability and made them into the men they were today. Ellen... well, Ellen was like a mother. She was gruff and wasn’t above slapping them upside of their heads when they needed it.
“He doesn’t want me to come.” She handed him back his phone, leaned her hip on the corner of his desk, and combed her fingers through his hair.
“Cas... me too.” Castiel found himself smiling into the phone. A comfortable silence followed. Castiel filled the seconds with thoughts of how Dean looked under him, how beautiful he was, and not just physically. Dean cleared his throat. “So, can I tell Crowley to make sure your seats are booked on Thursday?”
“Your mother was chosen, but she denied the chair and let John take her place. Mary wasn’t just any witch, she was
“I think I figured that out already,” Castiel said dryly, putting the cap back on the bottle. Neither of them needed any more tequila.
“I would love to get to know and love Mandy. As far as a child of my own, I never thought it was possible. It would be something we would have to discuss and decide together.”
His fiancé came through the curtain and bent down to kiss the top of his head. “Nice clock. Why are you still here?”
“Come on, Dad, we’re going to be late,” Jack said, looking at the watch his grandmother had sent him for graduation. The eighteen-year-old was dressed in strategically ripped blue jeans and a t-shirt that had the sleeves torn off. Emblazoned across the front was the words ‘Love Wins’ in rainbow colors.
He pushed the file aside and picked up a document. “The FBI has an opening for someone with your qualifications in the Montgomery field office. It would mean more desk work, less dirty work. Same pay and they will roll over your time in service for retirement.”
“Hasta mañana,” Dean threw over his shoulder as he let himself out the heavy door. The station was located just east of town and Dean looked up at the sky. The stars were bright out here away from the city. As he walked across the deserted lot toward his car, the sleek black Impala he and Bobby had painstakingly put back together from his father’s wilder days, the hair on his neck stood up. He stopped and looked around.
“She will close the circle and dismiss the Directions. Then they will take her body to the catacombs to be sealed in her crypt.” Her crypt? Where his parents in a cold crypt here too? He’d always thought they were buried somewhere in Kansas.
“First of all, she’s Cas’ daughter.” Shit like that could have Cas running for the hills. He was still terrified that he’d say or do something that would make Cas afraid again.
Castiel inhaled sharply and rutted into Dean’s fist. “Easy… easy, Babe. I want to… let me take you apart.”
“Back here,” his brother called from his office. Dean followed the sound and stepped over a pile of last week’s newspapers.
Dean began plating the food, so Castiel poured the wine. “What will John be drinking?”
“You do that.” Alistair let his eyes wander down Dean’s body and then brushed against him as he left Dean’s office. “I won’t be in attendance tonight but do have a good service.”
Seconds ticked by and Dean’s softening cock slid from Cas’ body. He quickly removed the condom and tossed it to the wastebasket. They slowly eased down so they were lying on the bed, side by side.
“Hold up, both of you,” the deputy said, taking a step between them.
Castiel
“Hello, mother,” Castiel kissed her cheek. He hadn’t seen her in weeks. Getting Jack ready to fly to Maine to spend the summer with his ex-wife, plus helping Claire move into her apartment in Baton Rouge had taken up most of his time.
Dean waved his team over. “We need to load up. That carcass probably weighs about three hundred pounds or more.” The cow had been field dressed. The lower legs removed and it had been gutted leaving a large cavity for the explosives.
He bathed her and put her in her pajamas. He held her close, lips pressed to her downy hair until she squirmed. Later, he watched her sleep. “I’m trying, Anna. Sometimes I just don’t think I’m good enough to be her father. I love her so much, but what if I mess up?”
“Great. Thanks, Dad,” Jack said, snatching the keys from Castiel’s outstretched hand. “Don’t worry. Promise?” Something in his son’s expression told him this tentative friendship with Claire was important to him.
“Papa Cas?”
The drive took the about ninety minutes, even with Meg driving like a maniac. Soon, the DC landscape gave way to quiet suburbs, and then open farmland. She finally turned off on a rural two-lane road. “Almost there,” Meg said as she slowed the vehicle. A large white sign reading Fallen Angels Farm sat next to a long gravel driveway. “Fallen Angels? Like Lucifer? This is going to be interesting then.” Dean piped up from the back seat. Up until then, he’d let Charlie and Meg carry the conversation.
"I thought we were just going to have dinner," Dean said smoothly, directing the conversation away from dangerous territory.
He raised a hand but didn’t turn around. “Don’t you have to take pretty boy shopping or something?”
“Love you more.”
“Thank you, Pret…Chef, but my wallet is a bit thin at the moment.” Castiel spotted the PA coming toward them and breathed out a sigh of relief.
“That spider’s venom is highly toxic, Dean,” Cas said softly. He was holding the jar out from his body and Dean could see the thing. It had a leg span of at least four inches. To the rest of them, he said, “We have a long day ahead of us tomorrow, we will be hiking to a subsidiary of the Amazon. It will take us about two hours to get there. I suggest you all get some sleep.”
Dean thought before heading up to his cabin. Since Sam’s marriage, he’d been thinking about meeting someone and settling down. It took a special someone to put up with a chef’s long hours though.
Dean tugged his arm, but Castiel held his ground. “We have to find this alligator. You don’t seem to understand the seriousness of this, Chief.”
was popped rather loudly and Castiel winced.
“Dean, some of us
“You aren’t though.”
Bobby Singer’s home looked the same as it did all those years ago when he delivered two scared little boys to the gruff man, still sorely in need of paint and surrounded by hulks of rusting cars. “Stay here,” Castiel ordered as he stepped out. The wind whipped his trench coat, but he didn’t notice. As he neared the porch, a huge dog approached, his bark deep and loud. Castiel blinked at it and it quieted instantly, backing away with a whimper.
His brother was already seated at a corner table. Dean waved to Ellen and mimicked a drinking motion. She nodded as he sat down. “What’s new?”
“Nope. Not discussing this. Not now. Not ever.” He saw Sam’s pitying look but chose to ignore it.
“We’re going after the alligator,” he stated simply.
He realized the credits were rolling across the screen. Too late to make a run for it now. Moments later, Dean burst into the room. His face broke into a grin.
“But…I really…”
Dean slapped his hand away. “That’s Cas’.” He reached into the cabinet and pulled out another mug. “Fix your own.”
cream. Since they hadn’t bought any at the grocery store, Dean must have let him cheat.
Cas finally looked up at Dean. “What…no, I’m sorry, I was deconstructing it in my mind. It is truly beautiful. What do you call it?
At the house, he took a moment to inhale the wonderful aroma of the pot roast he’d started that morning, before climbing the stairs to change out of his suit. Since Dean was working late, Cas had enough time to hurry back downstairs and bake a cherry pie with some of the cherries he’d got at the farmer’s mark on Sunday. It was cooling on the counter when Dean let himself into the door. “Is that pie? Will you marry me?” He swept Cas into his arms and spun him around the kitchen.
“Because...” Dean paused here. Why did he come? Because Cas was important to him? Because Cas saw past the celebrity status? “Because I’m falling for him?”
“I... uh... I was in prison.” The other man lifted a brow and Dean saw his shot go spiraling down the drain. “I was exonerated. I was innocent and they let me out.”
Her face grew suspicious. “He was a contestant on the show? Son, where is he from?”
“I just wanted to thank you for taking time with John today. He had a blast. I can’t believe this is your job, man. It’s kind of cool. If I don’t step up my game, my kid might be asking you to his school for parent career day.” He suddenly grew red in the face and flustered. “Not that I want you for his parent... shit. Fuck. Sorry for making this awkward. I gotta go...” He stepped away, his eyes everywhere but on Castiel.
“And you know this how? I didn’t take you for a spiders and snakes guy.”
He found the OIM seated at one of the many round tables in the mess hall. Castiel took the seat across from him. “Jesse was kind enough to share his catch with us. Chef Winchester is whipping up a nice meal with the drum he caught.”
Less than a minute later, he was on his way out of town. If Akhtar laid a hand on Dean, Castiel would make sure his death was slow and painful.
“Like I said, no involvement.”
“What now, Cas?”
“Ha, dude, you haven’t tasted it yet.” Dean was secretly pleased by Castiel’s praise. Castiel shrugged and took the plate to one of the dining area tables. Dean followed along because... well, he could.
“He’ll get milk. His cups are in the next cabinet over.” Castiel opened it to reveal colorful, plastic cups with lids. He took out one with the Batman symbol on it because he remembered Dean’s story about his underwear. He took the liberty of taking the milk out of the refrigerator, pouring it, and snapping on the matching lid. Then he followed Dean into the dining room. The table was of sturdy oak and was rough-hewn with benches instead of chairs. After setting down their drinks, he ran his hands over it. “This was one of my first small projects,” Dean said, laying his hand on the wood.
“Can you answer the question, Mr. Milton?”
“Put on a suit, dress Claire up like the doll she is, and come down to the restaurant.”
“Crime of passion?” Sam asked.
Not knowing what the dude looked like was an issue, but he was a college professor, or so the file said, sosurely he’d be able to figure out that Dean was a game warden. He made his way to baggage claim and leaned against a wall, watching everyone exiting flights and grabbing their luggage.
“I slept with Dean Winchester,” Castiel stated matter-of-factly. The couple stared at him blankly and several seconds ticked by. “I’m not sure if he is behind this offer.”
Cas got out of the bed and walked toward him. His skin was still flushed from his orgasm. Dean thought Cas was sexy as fuck with his clothes on, but now, he was fuckin’ hot. He might be named for an angel, but his body was made for sin.
Cas leaned against the wall outside of Dean’s old room. “I...” What was he supposed to say? He’d been after Gabe to get the place booked for weeks. He had to get another CD in the works before the end of the summer.
“But you’re working. It wouldn’t be a date night.”
“Of course, I use the eggs for a variety of dishes.”
“Sure. I can look at it,” Dean said, his mouth full of his own sandwich.
“Touché.” Ketch leaned against the side of the steering column, appearing nonchalant. Castiel hid a smirk. “Winchester seems to like you.”
She sniffed and shut her door. Dean took a tentative step forward. “That true, Cas. Will we be fine?”
“She is very beautiful,” Castiel admitted. He’d seen Dean’s appraising look. It was like the word ‘straight’ was flashing in neon.
“Why?” Ketch asked, his foot propped on the explosives like he didn’t have a care in the world.
“That’s our cue,” Gabriel stood and took his wife’s hand. “We’re going to spend tomorrow sightseeing, so don’t worry about entertaining us.” Both men got to their feet and hugs were traded around the table.
The next morning, he programmed his new address into the phone and plugged it into the car. According to GPS, it would take him forty-five minutes to reach his destination. With the air conditioner going full blast, he headed east. Was it always this hot and humid here? It was only the first week of June.
“Dave, tell us about your bacon wrapped pork tenderloin.”  Dean said with a smile, showing off his dazzling white teeth to the camera, as the cameraman went in for the close-up. The factory worker explained that he used bacon to prevent the pork loin from drying out. Dean took his bite, chewed thoughtfully and patted the guy on the back.  He wished he could spit it out. The meat was not seasoned and, despite the bacon, very dry.
“The food should be ready. Let’s head down to see if Sam’s brother is as talented as he is handsome,” Gabriel said, nudging Castiel’s shoulder.
“Dean...”
“Yeah, not my type though.” He pointed to the lithograph. “I’ll take it.”
, their street, Goddamn it.
Dean stared at the man glaring down at him. “Huh?”
Dean took another left onto Oak and pulled up at the water tower. He looked up. Sure enough, the message was written in bright yellow. While he waited for the town employee to come unlock the gate, he walked the fence line. Whomever had done it had to either climb the fence or cut his way through. He was halfway around when he saw the makeshift ladder made out of coaxial cord.
Castiel blanched, but Sue stepped back with a shrug. Dean and Crowley went back to discussing the segment. Apparently, he’d been dismissed. He tried not to take offense, but he didn’t like the idea of his unruly hair being used to entice the female members of the audience. It made him feel sleazy.
The introductions continued with a kid named Dimitri. Dean listened to him talk about his father, who owned a pest control company, and how he loved to go to work with him, but when he came out as trans, his dad disowned him. It broke Dean’s heart and he wished he could plant a fist in the assholes face.
Something in his tone must have told her he wasn’t in the mood for her good-natured teasing.  “You okay?”
He divided the things into separate piles. Her scrapbooks and sketchbooks, he’d put away for Claire. The stack of journals was a different matter. Would Claire need to know about his sister’s love of men? He’d been scarred for life when Gabriel stole one of the journals her sophomore year of college and showed Castiel all the details of Anna’s sex life. It seemed a shame to get rid of them though. Too tired to make a reasonable decision, he picked them up and carried them to his bedroom. As he was pushing them onto the top shelf of his closet, the top one fell down and hit the floor. A few photographs flew out and landed near his shoes. Groaning, he bent to pick them up and froze.
The older man in the ratty cargo pants and the Green Day t-shirt seemed the obvious choice and he was about to walk over to him when a really hot guy appeared in his personal space. Dean’s eyes dropped to his pretty lips then his upstairs brain picked up on what the guy was saying.
The two of them stepped onto the concourse and Cas led the way to baggage claim. Gabe had arranged for a car to meet them and he scanned the area. An older African American man stood to the side with a sign reading D. Krushnic. It was his alias for hotel reservations and any other time he needed to stay undercover.
“Your color is yellow.”
“Are you sure, Chef?” She looked from the chef to her clipboard and back up again.
“Make yourself at home, man. It will only take me a few,” Dean called out as he headed down a short hallway and disappeared through a door at the end of it. Castiel stood in place for a few seconds and then decided to take Dean at his word and
As the woman bustled around getting his order ready, Castiel leaned into Dean’s personal space and whispered, “Dean that’s a lot of food for me. I don’t think...”
, why would he even want to go out with me?” Dean asked the group at large.
“We don’t know yet,” Dean interrupted the distraught man. “But it is missing from the house and...” Dean paused to collect his thoughts. “and it could just be a robbery gone bad.” Since nothing else of value was taken, Dean doubted it. Madge’s jewelry was still on her dresser, the glass gun cabinet wasn’t touched, so no, it wasn’t a robbery. “Did Lilith have any enemies? Anyone who had a grudge against her?” Dean knew the list was long, but he had to ask.
The eight teens and Dean all nodded. “Good, we will get to your introductions once we get checked in.” With a flash of pearly whites, he turned and made his way down the concourse, everyone falling in behind him. Dean was kind of bummed that Novak’s well-worn backpack covered his butt. By the way his legs looked, the man must have a killer ass.
“10-4, Boss.”
As the doors swished shut behind them, Dean heard, “What the hell, Castiel? Yesterday, you told Ruby that you thought you could...” And then there was silence. Dean assumed they’d moved their discussion somewhere private.
“Yeah, well, people who wash, dry, and fold laundry all in the same day are most likely serial killers.” He released Cas and bussed him on the cheek. “Gonna go change.”
