Sherlock huffed and rolled onto his back, apparently coming to terms with his fate. “Says the man who constantly announces how ‘not gay’ he is every time innuendo rolls his way.”
Sherlock had been training John for a week to smell his person and it had become second nature to both of them. There was an established pavlovian response whenever they greeted each other. The case had already been solved of course. As soon as Lestrade called in witnesses Sherlock had deduced the culprit.
“I want you to lay back in your seat like a good pet. Pull down your trousers and pants and spread your legs as far as you can.”
A chuckle rumbled through Sherlock’s chest and he dipped his hand into the pocket of his suit jacket, producing a handkerchief and dropping it in John’s lap. “You can take care of that if you want.”
John watched Sherlock as he rode back to Baker Street in the not-but-kind-of-stolen Aston Martin, thanking god and Rosie that Mrs. Hudson wasn’t likely to be waiting for them outside the parking lot with a weapon. Both men were fiercely proud and fond of their not-your-landlady, but respectful enough to be afraid if caught. Sherlock stopped for petrol, just in case she’d notice and John convinced him it was Not Good to attempt to roll back the odometer. John wished Sherlock didn’t have to use the stick shift, as he might have managed to hook a finger around Sherlock’s along the way back. They arrived at 221B only to find Mrs. Hudson waiting for them in the entryway. She cocked an eyebrow at them and pursed her lips as she tapped her foot on the floorboards. Both men found themselves shuffling, studiously avoiding her appraisal. John felt very much like a teenager and he could only imagine what punishment lay in store. How she knew what they’d done John could only imagine fell into the mystical realm of a mother’s intuition. That and perhaps she’d noticed Sherlock had nicked her keys.
John waited a couple hours for Sherlock to emerge and offer his apologies for offending his delicate olfactory constitution, but the man never appeared. Finally John gave up and went to bed, but was surprised Sherlock wasn’t waiting for him in his customary roost in the kitchen when he went down the next morning.
“Yes,” John answered with a smile and cupped Sherlock’s cheek tenderly. “Yes,” he said again as Sherlock’s eyes gleamed wetly in the moonlight. The words didn’t need to be said really. Not between them until they were home at Baker Street.
Chapter 6
As the deep and dirty friction built between them Sherlock began to undulate his hips, spreading his legs wider to match John’s thrusts. His whimpers pealed out soft and deep and it was exquisite to behold.
“Your experiment?” John queried as he filled the kettle at the sink.
would get the girl. Incorrect. Subsequent data:
“Umm, like Sandalwood?” John nearly croaked. “And, uh...something spicy. It’s... it’s quite nice. Good on you, Sherlock.” He felt the heat in his cheeks rising to irrational proportions and turned away quickly before he could see what his answer did to his friend’s expression. “Right then. Tea?”
. It was a lovely scent. Musky, floral, but something more.
“Christ. I want to taste them so badly, Sherlock. You are so bloody perfect.” John winced. “Speed up again. I’m so close…”
… Delete.
“This one is Femme de HJ by Henry Jacques,” Monica said as she squirted a bit of the perfume on a slip of paper. “The top notes are very floral—iris, geranium, and clary sage—while the bottom notes are more sensual and spicy—patchouli and musk. You may also detect tones of jasmine in the middle.”
Sherlock blushed chest to ears and John had the sudden impulse to run his hands up the detective’s thighs to...comfort him in his embarrassment. He swallowed back the thought then nearly choked as Sherlock asked him another question.
Sherlock’s eyes gleamed with that curiosity that always put John on edge. “That’s right, you said you’d been wanking off to me for
“Jesus, Sherlock!” John balked and held up his hands in apology. “I’m so sorry, Monica.” She looked fairly ruffled by the experience but took a deep breath and went back into sales mode with a feeble laugh.
Lestrade nearly gaped before recovering himself and whinging, “That’s it? I could have done that…”
“CHRIST John! Do you recognize the perfume or NOT?!” Sherlock bellowed from the kitchen, slamming his fist into the table.
John giggled. “Yeah, it does. It’s very
1. John was angry not “getting the girl”. Contrary Evidence: John had made no effort to get in touch with Monique since the night he’d met her. Hypothesis. He was angry
Sherlock walked quickly, perhaps it was the fact that he was taller than me, but I had to walk fast to keep up with him.
He loved John Watson. With all he’s got.
But then he felt John’s fingers running through his hair and one hand in the nape of his neck and it was as if John caught him once again, like so many times before.
"Oh you've got to tell me what the hell happened... Bloody Sherlock Holmes, I can't believe it...." They went back upstairs, leaving the door open for me later.
"Why did you leave the wedding early?"
He really did not use again.
“I am not using again, John.” Sherlock repeated himself.
“How could I have done this to you?” John managed to get out an entire sentence, but so quiet Sherlock could barely hear it. Once he did hear it, he couldn’t hear anything else. That question floated around in his head, repeated itself over and over again, washing away anything else that occupied this brilliant mind. John had stopped sobbing, his hands were still covering his face.
Sherlock had stopped midmovement, waiting for John to finish his sentence. After all, he was
"Because I am no one."
"I didn't."
Before Sherlock could even open his mouth to say anything, anything at all, a loud cry disrupted the heavy silence. Rosie was shouting for her daddy.
"Why do you people always think you need to apologize for something that you cannot possibly have caused." Sherlock muttered under his breath.
"You're not no one, obviously. I'm talking to you which makes it quite clear that you're not no one."
Without a word Sherlock rolled his sleeves back down and turned around to go to the bathroom.
His dark, wet curls stuck to his forehead as he gasped for air, breathing in a few drops of water, as well as salty tears. The detective coughed and took deep breaths, after having turned off the water. Sherlock didn’t know what was going on with him. He didn’t know why he was crying. Or maybe he knew and just didn’t want to admit it.
“There will be no need for my parents to stay with you, I will have them settled in a nearby hotel, thank you Doctor.” He extended his hand towards John without raising his head in a request to get his phone back. As John was passing him the device he tried to come up with something smart to say but his mind was just blank. “What about Sherlock?” John wanted to punch himself in the face for not coming up with something better to say than that.
Was he reassuring Morans death to John or himself? He could still hear Sebastians voice in his head next to Moriartys and the woman’s. He could feel Sebastian hands on his skin and pain of his knife as it cut throe his tender flash. But no, no Moran was dead. Mycroft told him so multiple times. He knew when his brother was lying to him and this was not the time. Or was it? Damn it, Sherlock was falling in to his panic again. He needed to calm down right now.
He tried to concentrate on something, anything else but the pain that he felt or the voice that was softly whispering in to his ear …
He walked by a jewelry store and couldn’t help but to feel nostalgic. This was the shop where he bought Marys’ engagement ring. He remembered because he was deciding on it for weeks before he finally bough it. Subconsciously he slid his fingers over the place where his wedding ring was and he had to chock down a quiet whine.
When he reentered the office he could hear Sherlock talking to himself and suddenly him starched his arm up in to nothing.
“It could. But the chance of success is very very slim. His body is too weak for this. His heart would give in after a day.” The older brothers face darkened again over the bad news. Couldn’t something good happen just once?
“Like I told you before, Sherlock started using morphine. As I said at first I thought nothing of it but now I think that that was one of the first symptoms of his condition. At the beginning I told you that the condition of his organs did not concern me that much. Well the reason for that is that tests have shown that the organs will recover to some degree so there is no real reason to worry. What does scare me is the fact that they found blood in his urine.” Mycroft looked at John with great worry as he said this. It was something that John had never seen on Mycroft before and it feet somehow scary to do.
Till next time (i promise that i will post the next one faster)
“And you left me …” said John in a cold manner. Sherlock slowly looked down, seeing a knife rammed in his stomach and John holding the handle.
Not long after he started screaming at everybody to leave him alone and they answered him with sedatives. Soon enough he was again embraced by darkness.
“John? How did you- ?” His voice cracked again before he could finish the sentence. John wanted to ensure Sherlock that he was safe that everything would be ok. This was still his friend after all. Even after everything that happened, everything that man did to him he still could not help but to see him as a friend who needed his help right now more than ever. Damn him for being such a soft hearted fool.
John took another sip of his tea before he put his cup down on the table next to him. He needed to talk to Sherlock but did not know how to start. That’s when he saw a letter being stuffed in Sherlocks chest pocket. That’s right, the letter! That’s a good conversation started.
Exactly 20 minutes later there was a knock on the door and a small hobbit like man stepped in to the morgue. Molly had just finished the paper work for Bob 1 (his name was excusaly William) and was sliding the body back in to the cooler.
“No of course not. Well anyway I need you to watch Rosie while I’m gone. Like I said I will only be gone for an hour and Mrs Hudson is out shopping and will not return till later in the day. So you are my only option.”
“You know about it?” asked John shamefully. When she just nodded he bowed his head in shame again. He imagined how Sherlock must have felt reading that letter (more a note than a letter actually).
Mycroft opened the door and John stepped into the sterile room. Almost as soon as he set foot in to the room he was hugged my Sherlock mother and father. “Ow, John it’s so good to see you again.” Said the old woman and hugged him a little stronger. “You too, Mrs Holmes. It’s nice to see you doing well.” He said and gave her a kind smile. Mr Holmes just nodded at him before he sat back down in to the chair in the corner of the room. Mrs Holmes followed him shortly. They were tied, one could read it off their faces. The news about Sherlock, the journey and the not knowing must have been hard on them. He was a little bit worried that they might collapse because of all the stress but then again they did manage to rise both Holmes brother so they could endure quite a lot.
John fell silent at that. Suddenly he felt a heavy weight on his shoulders. At the very same moment the doctor came back and reported that Sherlock was now put into the induced coma.
“Hm? Ow no nothing. Just me talking to myself.” John continued to watch him with worry in his eyes. John needed someone to help him help Sherlock. But who? Who knew Sherlock well enough to not fall for his bullshit, but was still someone who had their trust?
“Tsc … damn it.” Sherlock pressed his hand on to his eyes trying to compose himself, trying to calm down again.
“I had to go to protect you. To protect Mrs Hudson and Lestrade.”
“She loved you, you know? She would have done everything for you and you couldn’t even protect her. You swore to me you would protect her. You swore on your life, –NO trust, no nothing –LIER!” Sherlock looked at John with frightened eyes. What was he saying? He said he forgave him for that. That it wasn’t really his fault. He was a fool for beliving him. One could never forgive someone for something like this.
“Look at her! You took away her mother”
No this is no joke I really did post again! Ma ha ha! I'm so sorry that it took so long but I had the worst writers block ever. I don't think that this is one of my "best works" but it moves the story in the direction that I want it to go.
The voice was still wispering dark words in his ear but he tried to ignore it as the painkillers kicked back in - sending him in to the embrace of darkniss.
“One could say so,” Mycroft answered with kind of a sad smile on his face. Now that John looked at Mycroft he could see how worn out he looked. He was pale and had multiple bags under his eyes. He was slightly shaking and John could have sworn that the man lost some weight.
Molly just noded.
John didn’t believe that Sherlock was starving himself intentionally. He thought it was more of a PTSD thing. John had it too when he and Sherlock first met. When he came back from the war he was suicidal and even though he did not like to say it he was suffering from PTSD.  He did not actively starve himself, he just didn’t see the point in eating. It represented an effort that would keep him alive and he saw no point in it. He did not want to live; he did not want to actively pursue life. It was common between veterans … and John supposed that after everything that Sherlock went thru in the past years he could be considered a veteran of sorts too. But John got better when he moved in with Sherlock, his will to live had returned and he put on a pound and a half every damn week. Sherlock even took John to restaurants just so that he could eat his favorite meal. Hell Sherlock even made him breakfast a few times. It was mostly burned because he got distracted by an experiment, but still he tired.
whispered a voice in Sherlocks ear again. As if he was trying to chase away a fly he swung his hand around his ear before he picked up his tea and made the first sip. The drink tasted bitter in his mouth but it was hot and that was all that Sherlock wanted right now. He was so damn cold. If he could he would just jump in to the fire.
“Just sign here and they can start.” Said John again and handed him a pen that he pulled out of his pocked.
“No I can’t because I’m not the authorized person. Sherlock didn’t put me down as the person of contact he put you down. It was probably to taunt me. But that doesn’t matter… you have to sign it.”
He wanted to cry out, make Sherlock listen to him. Tell him how he missed him all those years, how he begged at his grave for him to come back. How he cared for him … How he still cares for him, maybe even more now than ever before. He was his only real friend, his companion. He wanted to let Sherlock know but he just couldn’t get the words out.
“Kitty Kline …
John slapped himself mentally before Sherlock returned and handed him his cup of tea.
“I studied it for 3 years and we never had such a complex case as its Sherlocks. There is no way that –“
“Mycroft called. He told us about it, since Sherlock still hasn’t woken up yet. I have to go, those idiots are doing something stupid again I can feel it. You should get some rest, you look tired.” Greg tapped John on the shoulder and started to walk towards the police men at the other end of the hall. John looked after him before he smiled to himself.
John knew exactly where to look for Sherlock after Mycroft called him and told him that he had disappeared. There was a place that meant something to him and Sherlock that nobody knew about. It was not far away from the hospital and it was a big enough dump that no one would bother to check it. But John knows better.
He didn’t move for some time, just lying on the sidewalk, moaning in pain. That was the first time that he really felt his “disability”... Up till now he still had the hope that he would managed around it, that even thought something important was missing he would be able to live around it.
“It’s alright Sherlock. Your still in the hospital.” Said John in a calm, quiet voice. Without letting go of Sherlock hand he turned around and whispers to Mycroft “Now would be the time to get the psychologist and a doctor.”
Molly shook her head.
“Well if you say so… Come on let’s sit down. My feet are killing me. And you can finally tell me what this visit is all about.” She said and send him a little smirk.
“Thinking about running aren’t you?” Said the man again.
“Dr Watson? What do I tell the patients?”
Suddenly something hit him in the face, pulling him away from his panic. He looked down, pass the letter to see Rosie looking at him with big deer eyes. The rattle lay abandoned on the floor, as it seem to have bounced of of Sherlocks face.
“For Christ sake John get it together!” he said to himself and started doing CPR. He screamed for help and shortly a doctor and a few nurses came running in to the room and turning all the machines back on. They pulled John away and continued to revive Sherlock. John looked at the screen in terror, thinking that he will lose Sherlock as well. He leaned back against the wall and slowly slid down to the ground. He buried his face in his hand and started crying. Panic was overflowing his body, he could not breath. He felt so helpless, so weak.
. It was unbearable. You could hear the pain and desperation in the screams. When he finally came to the room he was how two male nurses were trying to hold Sherlock frantic body down and a doctor was screaming at him to calm down. God damn it, were they really that fucking stupid? Why not strap him to the bed and pump acid into his veins?
“You mean the daughter who you have left with relatives for the last two weeks?” Mycroft gave John a judging look with a raised eyebrow. John looked at the man slightly stunt but then he remembered … he is practically talking to the English secret serves.
“Let go of me or God help me I will break your arm.”
It was a little bit past midnight when they finally rolled Sherlock in to the operation room. They needed to perform a ray of test to determine where to cut Sherlocks arm off and still maintain as much healthy tissue as possible. John was pacing up and down the waiting room after they finally managed to throw him out of the doctors room. At first he wanted to object but after seeing the look on Mycrofts face he decided against it. Mycroft was looking pale and faint. It was really hitting him hard that he had to go behind Sherlocks back to save him. The older Holmes brother was now sitting in a small waiting chair with his phone in his hand. He was deciding if he should call his parents and tell them what was going on or not. He didn’t want to upset mommy but at the same time she had the right to know. He promised her that he would call them if anything were to change in Sherlock’s condition. Mom wanted to be next to him if things went bad, wanted to say good bye if needed. She didn’t want to let him die alone as the other one did. But now that it really comes to it, it is way harder then he thought.
He could feel pain. So much pain - where was it comming from? Why did it hurt so much? Make it stop! Please make it stop! John! John where are you?
“Thank you. I know it won’t be easy on you but thank you for helping me … Thank you for trying to help him.”
He wanted to get high again to forget the world around him but with Rosy in the house he could not do it… children are curious little monsters, if she were to find any of his drugs and in her curiosity try them … god that cannot happen. He could not poison her like he poisoned Johns life. She has to remain pure.
“I let you go.” There was a painted groan in his voice as he ended his sentence, for he knew that this was the last time he saw her.
“Now if you excuse me, I really have to go lay down. I don’t feel well at all.” Without waiting for Johns reply he stood up and made his way to his bedroom. He was leaning heavily on the wall for support as he felt like a little dash of wind could knock him off his feet.
“It’s five p.m. Doctor. You slept thru the whole day. I thought you went home. I tried to call you multiple times but you did not pick up. Than a nurse told me that you were still here.” As Mycroft was telling him all of this John checked his phone and of course it’s battery was dead. Perfect … He was supposed to fill in for a college today. Shit, this was going to be really bad tomorrow. He may even lose his job for this.
It's been a while :P I hope I did it just right and didn't turn John or Sherlock into a cringe character. Please let me know what you think and if I should explore Sherlock past in Siberia, his feeling and his hallucinations more or if I should just wrap it up and finish the story.
Sherlock is finally in the OR and Mycroft is starting to feel the consequences of the past few weeks. All the pressure, all the stress is taking over until he finally breaks.
“I see you have decided to lose some weight. I personally wouldn’t have cut of my arm to lose it but hey everyone has their own way right? ;D” he said and slid his hand down to Sherlock amputation. Sherlock felt disgusted by the man’s touches and by his sheer presence. A sudden shot of pain went thru him again as the man squeezed the healing wound. Sherlock wanted to scream, to somehow protect himself before his tormentor of the past few years but his body did not listen. He knew he had to get out of here – he needed to run.
“You can’t run from me, I will always find you!” Sherlock heard the threatening words but he did not give them much thought for he just wanted to run. He could hear his name getting called and someone chasing him. But like hell he was gonna let himself get caught again. No not this time, no matter what he will not become a caged animal again.
But why did this Sebastian fellow do all this? Why bother torturing you? Why not just kill you?" thought John to himself, without realizing he actualy said it out loud.
All the love!
“Meet me at the café in the hospital in an hour. I'll explain everything there. MH”
“Why don’t you ask Gregor?”
“No buts. I have to go or I will be late. If anything happens I will have my phone with me, but only call me if it’s really necessary.” As he said this he slid his hand under his daughter knees and with the other hand he gripped her shoulder. Then he slowly lifted her as he himself stood up and put her on the couch. He grabbed a blanket and pulled it over her tiny body. Immediately she rolled up to the site and pulled the blanket closer.
John wanted to be mad at Sherlock for not answering his phone and making him worry, but seriously! How could one be mad when he saw this. John quietly stepped closer and snapped a picture of them with his phone. Once the photo was nicely sent to Molly, Mrs Hudson and Lestrade, John went and picked up the blanket from the couch and put it over the pair of them.
He had no right to say anything. He had no right do be there. He was not family. He wasn't even a friend anymore.
“What happened to you?”
Mycroft - let me die, please.”. Backside seemed to be written by John. Content: “I wish it was you who died that day and not Mary”. Possibility of another attempt: High”
“Sherlock, can you hear me?” said John as he put a blanket over the shivering detective.
“Not really but I will try my best. Can you come to the morgue?”
“I asked if you want some tea?” Said Sherlock again poking his head out to the living room.
“No … no way! You are not cutting off my arm!” Sherlock looked at John in panic, not believing what his friend just said.
“Hey Molly?” She looked up at him with a blank stare.
He could feel his phone buzzing in his pocket. John must have woken up and notice that he was missing. Double damn it.
The following week Sherlock made only little to no progress in his health. The medication he was on did not help him with his pain and when you looked him in the eyes you did not see the detective he once was. This was someone new, someone who has lost his will to fight or to care. John was worried and he was clueless as to what to do next. The physical therapist came to the flat every day, trying to relax Sherlocks aching muscles and to make him adjust to his current situation.
“You want the rattle again?” he asked as if he expected a real answer. She just huffed some more, before Sherlock finally leaned to the side to pick up the toy. He waved it in front of her a couple of times before he gave it back to her.
Sherlock fell silent for a few seconds before letting out a long breath and leaning back in to his armchair. He was going to end his life in a few days anyway. He can tell John the truth it will not change much. Either John will feel disgusted by what happened to Sherlock and will leave or he will realize that Sherlock is beyond fixing and just give up. It’s a win win for Sherlock really.
“No no please, stop … please stop, just kill me –“pleaded Sherlock in between his breaths.
“Sir you need to steep away and let us help him. We are trained for this,” the young doctor said to him as he moved closer to push John away from Sherlock. God damn it they didn’t have time for this shit. John cursed angrily under his breath and leaned forward to grab the tube out of the drawer himself. Sherlock was still shaking and he needed to be intubated like right now. John tilted Sherlock head back and opened his mouth. He lowered himself a bit so that he would have a better view to Sherlock throat.
“Yes of course Sir. Shall I –“Before the guard could finish his sentence Mycroft ended the call and instructed his driver to take him to Baker street. Maybe his brother will go to the only place he would ever call home. During the drive he called Molly and Greg and asked them to check all (to them know) hiding places of Sherlock. They needed to find him fast – one could never know what his stupid brother would do while being on strong anti-pain medicine.
“John I really don’t think that this is a good idea. What do I do if she wakes up? What if she falls of the couch?” Sherlock was standing now, nervously shifting his weight from one leg to the other. His look was panicked but John was confident that Sherlock would be alright. Even thought Sherlock and Rosie did not spent much time together they loved each other. John saw how Sherlock was looking at her like she was his own daughter. And the little one loved how “funny” Sherlock was.
“I will pay you. Take care of my brother. Not as his friend, not as a favor, but as a job. I know you still have issues with him, and he for sure as hell doesn’t trust you like he used to but you are still the only person who can reach him. I will pay you double what you made at the hospital.”
“Ok come here little one.” He said and put his arm behind her knees so that when he scooped her up she was basically sitting on his arm and leaning up against his upper body. He was bouncing a little on his feet to try and calm her down. John did it many times and it usualy did the trick.
Well I’m not overly thrilled that I'm dead and trust me that his is the last time that you get a letter from me. But know that it’s ok that I’m dead. I mean it’s not ok but you know… it is what it is. I trust that you did your best to protect me. I just hope that you did not get hurt in the process, for you are just as dear to me as John or Rosie. Ok maybe not as much as Rosie, I mean she came from my body but you get the point. OK, I’m babbling now so I have to wrap it up.
He would have to check the flat tonight; despite Sherlock’s insistence on serenading them, with the water frozen over, there were in fact, no ducks at that pond.
Sherlock grins and takes John’s hand and pulls him the few steps they have to take to get to the water’s edge, abruptly plonking on the damp grass and taking John down with him. John grimaces in pain as he jostles his shoulder against Sherlock, who takes no notice and demands he begin. “Hum!” For a moment, John deliberates, and then he begins to hum. Sherlock starts to sing along with John’s humming. He’d chosen the opening to a children’s film. It was dark, but given Sherlock’s apparent fascination with it, it was a favourite. So, John hummed and Sherlock sung.
“It’s time to go now. Come home with me Sherlock.”
Because while Sherlock had called John's name, John had called out Mary's.
“I’ll be right over.”
"Make a wish," says John. "On three."
221B was spotless.
Sherlock shifts from his sitting position, standing this time, holding the thick branch above him for support, steadies himself and jumps. John closes his eyes, not believing that this could happen again.
John smiles.
He'd distract her, lie to her, gaslight her and occasionally go right back out and do it again, often under the pretence of drinks.
“I’m sorry, Elliot. Mrs Johnson. It’s an emergency.”
It wasn't like he was trying to hide it anymore. John would just waltz into her house smelling of man. Smelling of him. He didn't even try to hide the stains that covered his pants, claiming that the stain was mayonnaise. He lied to her face when she confronted  him about it as he took off his clothes so she could do the laundry, claiming that the reason he already smelt of sex was because he'd snuck in a quick wank at work, thinking about her.
Sherlock stopped John only twice to correct him, informing him that though his pitch wasn’t too terrible, if he could just stick to his part, that would be great. After they get through the song fully without Sherlock correcting John at all, John unsteadily picks himself up from the ground and dusts himself off.
"John,
All he could see was the same coat flared out in much the same manner it had three years ago when he’d jumped from St Bart’s. A flash of Sherlock's skull crushed on the pavement, his dead eyes staring up at nothing crossed his sights, and John began to hyperventilate.
," a person could be expected to endure before crossing their threshold and having to throw in the towel, and after a week of listening to his flatmate putting about, humming his pointless jingles and placing innumerable ‘decorative’ atrocities about 221B, he’d had enough.
They entered the flat, and Sherlock stopped singing only when they reached the door to 221B, in favor of yelling obscenities about his older brother, pausing only to yell,
Hang on just a mo.. The James Bond ringtone meant…
John thought nothing of the gesture, already pumping away at the detective's cock until it grew hard and precum had already begun to spill before he even considered stopping. He palmed Sherlock's erection, transferring the majority of the mess onto his hand which he then presented to Sherlock to lick clean before John stuck two fingers down his throat. They were crusty and tasted metallic.  Blood. Unsanitary, but not necessarily out of the ordinary for John. Sherlock thought and John thrust his fingers in and out of Sherlock's mouth. He wrapped his lips around them and gently allowed his teeth to resist, to allow the necessary friction against the force of John's thrusts.
“Where is he?”
“Regent’s Park. Do hurry. Little brother can make such a fool of himself at times.”
"John?"
John didn’t appreciate it, stating that there was nothing wrong with getting into the holiday spirit and trying to spruce up the flat up a bit. As such, Sherlock opted to stay home and experiment, ignoring every case Greg threw in his direction. He claimed that nothing was worthy of his attentions, even when they all knew that over duration of these last weeks, Greg had rarely sent anything less than an eight. No matter the case, Sherlock would pretend to speed read through any file presented to him and promptly throw it back at Lestrade, usually resulting in paper being strewn around  whichever room they were presently occupying with a, “Really, Gareth, you should know better than to send me a three!”
“What?” John exclaims.
John had this habit after they fucked though that did actually bother Sherlock. He'd get dressed and leave, not even bothering to shower; advertising to the world everything they'd just done.
He shakes his head and puts the phone to his ear, and asks, “What has he done now?”
Startled by his use of the word, John took a moment before he acquiesced the request; and then started humming.
The kitchen was clean and smelt as though dinner was near about done. The living room was swept, dusted and mopped. The bathroom and toilet were sparkling and the bedroom was also spotless, decorative pillows primped and fluffed and all.
John blinks rapidly, coming out of his stupor. Now was not the time to address this issue. It could be dealt with in the morning.
“Just, tread carefully Doctor Warson,” Mycroft replied, “I’m not sure Sherlock's feeling quite himself this evening.”
It was absolute rubbish and the only reason she hadn't left him yet was because she was six months pregnant.
The boy’s mother gasps in affront and covers her four-year-old grandson’s ears as John utters a few more expletives. He picks up his mobile from his desk and presses the answer button, making his excuses to the elderly woman.
Mrs Johnson promptly picks up her grandson and exits his office in a huff, muttering something about men and their inexcusable use of inappropriate language around small children.
Mary Watson had no illusions as to what her husband got up to when he left the house.
For a moment, Sherlock went silent, before remembering he had committed him self to a task for this evening, and he began to sing. “La la la la.”
Embarrassed, John pulls away. Hugging just simply isn’t the English thing to do. Speaking of which, he’d love nothing more than a cup of tea right now, to perhaps stare into. Anything to avoid looking at his flatmate, who is currently staring at him like he’d just done something interesting. Sherlock looks at John for a minute, scrutinizing and cataloging him and then takes a step towards the waters edge and demands that he serenade the ducks with him.
That was after the first round or two wherever Sherlock already was. It made for some serious incompatibilities between the two but it hardly mattered because Sherlock was full of John and John was busy venting with his own personal fucktoy. The scratches on Sherlock's back never bothered him. Nor had the three times John fucked Sherlock into the table, heedless of of the beakers full of corrosive liquids and active Bunsen Burners seeping into and wearing their skins. There were more than a few scars on Sherlock and a few more John related ones were of no bother.
“Oh, John! Good! You’re here. Did you bring my violin? Oh and close your mouth. We are not a guppy.”
All she did was ask John a question.
“The ducks, John. Small birds. Feathered.”
One night, he almost hit her. But ended up doing something worse. Much worse.
“Shit.”
Over the last two weeks, since their argument over breakfast, Sherlock had invested himself in destroying every bit of the holiday that he could. John’s seasonal jumpers went up in flames, baubles ‘spontaneously combusted,’ tinsel had been ‘accidentally’ doused in pig’s blood, and the tree went for a mysterious walk out the window. John had even come home on one occasion to find his Christmas CD’s smashed to bits with a hammer. Sherlock hadn’t even tried to cover that one, continuing to smash them in front of John, who said nothing. So while Sherlock sat through his black moods and retreated into “work.” John retreated into his at the medical centre in kind. Since he was still avoiding his flatmate, John had opted to spend Christmas Eve at the clinic, looking after patients. John had just finished placing a Mickey Mouse band aid on a laceration on a young patient when his phone start to ring. Only having just recently personalised his ringtones on a whim meant he was slightly startled when Skyfall had begun to play. And though he’d never say it out loud, he honestly thought that Daniel Craig was a bit nice on the eyes.
“John?” Sherlock asks.
The reply came swiftly, indicating just how urgent the situation was deemed by the other man.
"Yes, Sherlock?"
Sherlock’s song immediately stops as he adjusts himself so that he is crouching atop the branch facing John. As he saw John, Sherlock’s face visibly lit up.
"For business or pleasure?"
“Don’t you ever do that again.”
“Do as you like.” John tried for his best attempt at nonchalance but his voice came out thick as he wriggled his jeans and pants down to his ankles. His cock bobbed enthusiastically at the newfound freedom and John spread his legs, feeling whorish but incredibly thrilled. This. Was. Happening.
“I’m not gay,” John cheeked, “So what does that tell you?”
“Tell me, Sherlock. What else would you let me do? Would you let me fuck you? Pound my cock in your arse?”
“Your technique thus far has proved more than adequate to secure a relationship with the masculine gender.” Sherlock smirked and John felt his cheeks go hot with the compliment.
John made a quick grilled cheese sandwich in order to expedite his egress towards his bedroom. His erection had flagged somewhat, but it was still insistently demanding his attention. Fortunately, Sherlock seemed preoccupied with his other experiment--a tray of toenails coated in an array of chemicals. That wasn’t the slightest bit arousing, but John pushed those thoughts aside as he closed the door of his bedroom. He quickly shucked off his clothes and laid in bed to take a few lazy pulls on his prick as he tried to remember the Sherlock’s scent. Under the sandalwood and whatever spicy thing the berk had going for him--John assumed his ridiculously expensive soap--there was something else. Something like male musk, but inherently Sherlock. John grunted and pulled back his foreskin to finger his slit and stroke his frenulum. He imagined Sherlock beneath him, writhing in the sheets as John sucked on the pale column of his neck, taking that heavy scent into his lungs, and marking his friend with his teeth.
John leaned forward, suppressing his irritation at the discomfort of the console poking into his stomach. Sherlock
“You know what, it was bloody marvelous.” John snorted. “Does everyone know this but Sherlock?”
“I hope you’re happy, Sherlock,” John grumbled. “I wouldn’t be able to remember the smell anyway.”
John let out an undignified whine at Sherlock’s admission, but he couldn’t be arsed to care. He lurched forward to capture Sherlock’s mouth and Sherlock moaned into the kiss and clutched at John’s arms. When they parted for breath, Sherlock leaned away, his lips swollen and red. “Now, if you don’t mind, John. I’d very much like you to fuck me now.” He winked in satisfaction as he retrieved lube from his bedside drawer. John made to get up but Sherlock swatted him back and covered his elegant fingers with lube. “Watch, John.”
“Like that, do you?” Sherlock smirked as he took a particularly challenging curve with ease. The car actually drifted a bit, and John realized he wasn’t sure if Sherlock was talking to his flatmate or Mrs. Hudson’s car.
hadn’t even known Sherlock’s birthday, and it was mystifying why Sherlock would share it with the dominatrix if he’d had no intention to bed the manipulative cow. Ok. Now John was getting aggravated. He thanked god if Sherlock had the ability to observe John just then, the man would likely attribute the flush of his cheeks to the chemically induced high of speed.
, was all John could think as he swallowed the other man’s seed, grateful for the gift that had been offered. He would be wanking to this for
Sherlock frowned. “Obviously I am more persuasive than you, John.” He winked. “Lovely girl.”
for me. So hot, tight, Jesussss…” John managed somehow, grasping Sherlock’s hips and bruising the flesh with his hands. Sherlock threaded his fingers through his curls and swiveled his hips in response and John bit back a yelp. “Not. Gonna. Last…like that you, git...”
“Don’t tell me you deleted that.”
“Ah yes, actually,” John snickered.
“John?” Sherlock prompted softly, then raised his hand to trace a line of water that had made its way down John’s neck and over his clavicle. John was surprised by the gesture, but even more so that Sherlock’s outstretched hand was trembling slightly. Sherlock’s eyes were already half lidded with lust under the smudges of coal lashes. His breathing was erratic and the flush of his neck reached his ears. Sherlock
“Oh, no,” John huffed, “You don’t get to pretend you don’t know what’s going on.” Then with an exasperated sigh he added, “We have talked about this. Your...experiments crossing into unacceptable boundaries, Sherlock. Again.” John waved his hand at the towel. “Are you masturbating with my towels now to see how your scent affects me? Are you actually still on about this experiment?”
“Now I’ve done it,” John mumbled to himself, quickly making his breakfast and heading to work. Several hours later, after he still hadn’t heard anything from the cracked genius John sent him a text.
“Come inside me then, John.” The detective’s baritoned voice seemed to reverberate through his chest straight to John’s bollocks and Sherlock grinned triumphantly. John managed to swing his hand forward and grip Sherlock’s cock, purple and oozing pre-come down the length of his shaft. Sherlock’s body jerked with the stimulation and his eyes lit with surprise, and he rambled the incantation of
John scrubbed his face and tried to look severe but the inquisitive faye creature laying next to him wasn’t going to be fooled. “Fine. More than days. But I’ve been trying
“More, John,” he huffed and let his head fall back.
That’s good, John,” Sherlock breathed before he spun and faced John again. The expression on Sherlock’s face usually signaled mortal danger, but Sherlock leaned forward again for a bruising kiss. Hard enough that John didn’t notice Sherlock had guided John’s cock between the cheeks of his arse. “Ready?” Sherlock panted into John’s mouth and John nodded dumbly, feeling a wash of adrenaline invade his system.
“Yeah,” John began carefully, “she is...lovely.” The adrenaline rush seemed to have triggered something in his autonomic system and John actually felt his trousers getting a bit tight at the seams. Sherlock’s deep baritone only exacerbated the problem, and his question, which wasn’t really a question, had done some strange things in John’s mind. “Like that do, you?” coming from Sherlock’s mouth sounded filthy in the best kind of way. He swallowed nervously.
“Check with the bouncer about who was close to the victim and notify me immediately if you find anything,” Sherlock ordered imperiously, depositing his test samples into his pockets.
John issued a wicked laugh and slid his hand under Sherlock’s waistband, dragging fingernails over the soft flesh of his arse. Sherlock bit back a groan, rolling his hips forward into John’s, and their erections slotted against one another under the fabric. Sherlock worried his lip and screwed his eyes shut at the contact, gripping the ball of John’s naked shoulder as though it were some sort of life preserver.
.” The detective’s cheekbones flushed scarlet and John was undone.
“You’ll just have to wait on the case, Sherlock.” John attempted to add a bit of sympathy to his tone in an effort to calm his friend.
Sherlock squirmed in his seat some more and took another turn. “Don’t stop. John,
“I was a bit distracted, yeah! Now get away from me you berk, before you get me sick too!” John tried to ignore the flick of his eyes to Sherlock’s reddened lips and flushed cheeks, which likely meant that fever had returned in full force.
“Home?” Sherlock asked tentatively and John understood exactly what Sherlock meant.
Sherlock’s heart shaped mouth drew thin but he resumed his machinations with the supposed “experiment”, which looked more to John like empty slides. Sherlock’s pulse fluttered on his pale neck--heart rate slightly elevated. Oh, this was going to be
John swatted him. “It didn’t have to work.” He leaned down and whispered into Sherlock’s ear seductively. “And in case you’ve forgotten, I’ve marked myself all over you now.”
Two days later John returned to the flat after making a much needed trip to Tesco for essentials to find Sherlock working on an experiment at his workstation--no--kitchen table. That’s what it was, no matter what Sherlock considered its intended purpose. He dragged the heavy bags to a reasonably clean spot on the counter by the fridge and proceeded to deposit the groceries on the shelves marked “STERILE! NO SHERLOCK!!!”. When John closed the door, a bizarre smell hit him.
John swallowed. Sherlock was too close to be having this conversation, and was less than a foot away. God, his scent was getting stronger...John realized perhaps he should have made that trip upstairs to retrieve a shirt before instigating this dialogue.
“Tell me, Sherlock. I want to
John tried to hide the heat in his cheeks, taking a long drag from his pint and hoping the D.I. would attribute it to the effects of the alcohol, and not his indignation that Sherlock had not bothered to mention this through the duration of the perfume experiment. “How long has the case been solved then?” John managed after he leveled his breath.
Treating Sherlock to dinner was the least John felt he could do after damaging the man’s fragile ego. It wasn’t gallant, just friendly.
Sherlock made no reply and sniffed as John grabbed a blanket and offered it as consolation. Sherlock turned on his side and, with an exaggerated sigh, John laid the blanket over his friend, before getting up to prepare for bed. A half hour later he heard water running downstairs, indicating Sherlock had chosen to follow at least
. This was fucking hot.
“Yes, I think needs must.” John chuckled and added, “It isn’t every day I shag my best friend you know.”
perfume. The closest thing she has to a scent is Anderson’s deodorant.”
The sensation of Sherlock’s body sinking onto his cock exploded behind John’s eyes. Both men looked down to where they were joined and shared a groan. Sherlock’s cock bobbed obscenely against his stomach and he hissed when he started to move. Slowly at first, he lifted his hips and lowered himself until John was fully seated inside him. This was happening, John marveled. He was inside Sherlock bloody Holmes, stretching him completely. The tight heat of Sherlock’s arse clenched around him and John struggled not to let his eyes roll back for fear of missing a single moment. The noises Sherlock made when he started to ride him were filthy and whorish. Sherlock circled his own nipple with one hand and pinched at the pebbled flesh, whimpering as John plunged into him, tipping his head back to reveal the tall column of pale skin. It was the most beautiful thing John had ever seen.
Sherlock’s face drew up in surprise. “Oh! I’m sorry John. I was performing an experiment and I couldn’t have my hands compromised. Chemicals.” He shrugged nonchalantly. “It’s on my neck.” If John didn’t know any better he would have thought Sherlock was lying. And maybe he
Conclusion: Experiment parameters yielding inconclusive data.
Sherlock inhaled through his nose and opened his eyes, which were blown wide with fear and arousal, and leaned forward to rest his forehead against John’s. His countenance was fraught with emotion and he blinked several times before he answered. “I needed to know...if you wanted...Christ,
John dressed and made his way downstairs in a groggy haze for a visit to the loo before taking stock of the developing situation in the kitchen. As he surveyed the flat, he was relieved to discover that this time there was no smoke to accompany Sherlock’s experiment. There was, however, an extraordinarily ill detective slumped and pouting at the table. Shards of glass littered the floor and John retrieved a broom to clean up the mess, as Sherlock was in no condition to be bending over to do it himself, let alone conducting experiments.
“And then the great git announced who the culprit was, as though he’d figured it out days ago,” Greg nearly spat into his beer. John gaped. “He was only too willing to point out we should have done our jobs as per bloody usual, and then…” Greg stopped when he saw the look on John’s voice. “Oi, what’s that about?”
to think of you when I had a wank. I didn’t want to make you...uncomfortable. I know how you feel about The Work. And I didn’t want to risk...” John cut off, hoping Sherlock would take the hint that Sherlock’s supernatural cunning would have made his transgression readily apparent in time.
“Duly noted, John.” Sherlock sulked but pulled himself to lay against John’s chest. And it was faint, not quite a whisper, but John was sure he heard, “And I love you too.”
Thankfully John saw neither delicious hide nor hair of Sherlock the next morning, grateful to avoid the awkward throat clearing and eye averting accompaniment of making breakfast. John already took himself in hand in the shower to alleviate the danger of hiding a hard on as he shuffled around his flatmate, who seemed to be doing quite a bit more sleeping than usual. How long could this continue before Sherlock caught on? Things were spiraling out of his control, and John was determined to venture into the minefield of having a crush on Sherlock Holmes with Greg later that evening. John winced in aggravation. It was more than a crush, if he was truly honest with himself. And Greg would know it, if his relationship with Mycroft was anything to go by. Those two were head over heels for one another, a development Sherlock loathed enough John was fairly certain the detective had set the D.I.’s name on a permanent delete setting from the great berk’s mind palace. And yet...Sherlock had become a beacon of brilliant light to him. His entire existence revolved around the man, for Christ’s Sakes. And now his nightly wanking. Suddenly John found himself in a resentfully foul mood as he made his way to the tube. Surely his best friend was made of more flesh and blood than he let on. After getting a good whiff of Sherlock’s actual scent, John hated the idea Sherlock would simply cover it up later to continue the blasted experiment that got them into this mess. It wasn’t as though John had never noticed the occasional waft of sandalwood from the detective. Just that he’d never been allowed to fully enjoy it or draw it into his lungs so fully until last night. Right. Don’t get a hard on in the tube, John. Focus on the severed head in the fridge, and maybe you’ll be able to get to work.
“It’s not magic, Sherlock. Eat some chicken soup, drink lots of water, and take the medicine at regular intervals and you will eventually survive the betrayal of your transport,” John answered with a sigh. He didn’t have time to engage in one of Sherlock’s tantrums before he went to the clinic, and decided he’d better pick up something to eat for himself on the way. If he remained at the flat any longer he might be tempted to take a day off to play sick nurse, and, after all, it really was just a little cold even if Sherlock did look like hell.
was an unexpected result. Sherlock sat in his chair eyeing the wrist John had just seized and brought it up to his mouth. The warmth from John’s touch was still there. He could smell the perfume of course, but there was still the lingering scent of John. Cheap shampoo, gun oil, and something muskier. Ah. John had been masturbating in the shower before work. No wonder he was running late. If not for the disgusting tang of the perfume the detective would have given the patch of skin where John gripped him a taste. For scientific purposes. No, that was a lie. And if anything Sherlock did not lie to himself. The two men had shared a flat for months now, and John smelled like home. Idly he wondered what home tasted like.
you, even if it meant I’d only get to
“Yes, that would be lovely, John,” Sherlock said and swiftly turned back to his microscope.
“I wasn’t terrified of her driving,” Sherlock denied as they took an exit. “I was merely--”
Once Sherlock had received the clandestine text from Lestrade in the restaurant John eyed his plate woefully as he paid the check and dashed away with his flatmate. Now at the crime scene, John glanced over at the naked man in the tutu and wondered if he’d be able to eat beef ho fan again without thinking of hairy legs and ballerinas. The victim really hadn’t the legs for such a get-up. The only person that came to mind who did, however, was Sherlock, and John was not exactly going to dwell on that subject any more than necessary, as he’d managed to do with all the other times he’d imagined Sherlock in clothes (or lack thereof) during the last several months sharing a flat with the cracked genius. A loud sneeze interrupted his thoughts from the aforementioned. He winced as Sherlock wiped his runny nose on the sleeve of his treasured Belstaff in annoyance. Sherlock’s
Chapter 7
“Sherlock…” John started to fight the good fight for reason again, but was failing spectacularly when he felt Sherlock writhe his hips forward. John felt the velvety insistence of Sherlock’s prick slick between his thighs and tried not to raise his hips. He gripped his friend’s arms to steady his resolve. “Sherlock, I need to know where this is going.”
“You’re like a big cat, Sherlock.” John giggled. “Like a big bloody cat, who just marked his scent all over my bedroom.”
John leaned forward and his senses were inundated with the exotic fragrance. It smelled heavenly. “Mmmm,” he purred. “That is lovely.” Monica preened and he ventured to ask, “How much?” He was ready to be done and go home. There was no way he was going to be able to smell everything in the store.
“Who is that? Someone you know here in London?” Sherlock’s curiosity was barely controlled at this point, so John frowned to cover his glee. Sherlock never asked John questions about his mating rituals, having ordered John never to share unless someone died while performing them.
“Sherlock?”
It was indecent the way the pink tulle on the frilly tutu contrasted with the curly black hairs surrounding the man’s groin. The victim lay bare from the waist up, with only the frilly garment, a pair of black patent leather stilettos, and a rather sizable screwdriver wedged in his occipital lobe for adornment. Sherlock twirled around the body taking in all the details of the murder scene. As per usual, Lestrade had ushered out the forensics crew, allowing John and Sherlock to survey the clues they might otherwise miss. Well that John and NSY might miss. John was no fool, but bereft of any delusions he was as clever as the “World’s Only Consulting Detective”. Aka flatmate, aka tall posh git, aka loathsome berk who wouldn’t let John finish dinner before whisking him off to a crime scene that was sure to ruin all future attempts at eating for the remainder of the evening. Not that eating after seeing a corpse usually bothered John. It was only that the man who’d somehow managed to find his head on the receiving end of a screwdriver had enjoyed the exact same meal as John only an hour before his demise. The contents of the takeout box sat cooling in the corner of the office, inundating the atmosphere with the scent of buttery noodles and over seasoned meat. There was another scent in the office that lingered in the air near the body, but John’s mind remained focused on studying Sherlock’s wobbly gait with more concern.
, you great git.”
John arrived home and found himself immediately drawn to Sherlock, who still sat perched on the stool in the kitchen.
John had to concede Sherlock had a point. He might have felt guilty for not sharing the information with Sherlock last night had he not been so preoccupied watching his friend shuffle about the crime scene looking like death warmed over.
Sherlock’s body drew tight and John squeezed his shoulder, pulling the man in for a bruising kiss and licking against his mouth. “Yes Sherlock, come for me. You gorgeous, brilliant creature.”
Sherlock cleared his throat as John took great effort to pull back, and despite what the proximity must be doing to Sherlock, it was hard to allow the moment to end.
The game should have ended then. But the intimate touches and behavior from his flatmate intrigued him. Why had John allowed him to do this? Surely even John knew by now this was a farce. All John had to do was observe the data:
Chapter 8
“If you want to play around with that poor girl’s heart be my guest.” John stood and dropped his plate in the sink with a loud clang. If Sherlock wanted to douse himself in ladies perfume the rest of his life John wasn’t going to stop him. Hell, maybe it’d be an improvement over Sherlock’s expensive shampoo and soap. Wickedly John hoped Sherlock would have to wear some cheap Britney Spears knock off in the very near future. And oh, he was going to give Sherlock a show.
, John?” Sherlock prompted. His eyes had taken on a predatory gleam under the façade of the charming rich boy that unnerved John in its intensity.
“Jesus no, Sherlock, no more experiments,” John moaned and pulled his friend, no lover, into an embrace. “I will love you till the end of time, but just, talk to me first before you start a stash of my semen, yeah?”
John chuckled to himself. Or catalogues the entire affair. Christ, but why was that hot? John would love to hear Sherlock categorize what it felt like to have John’s mouth wrapped around his cock, eagerly sucking him off. John would use some of Sherlock’s slick before pressing a knuckle up against his perineum, then circling that delicious little arsehole, reducing the detective into a babbling mess as he slid his fingertip inside. They’d have lube of course, and John would take his time opening his friend up, rolling Sherlock’s bollocks against his tongue before sucking them into his mouth and pulling ever so gently, before returning to mouth the crown of his manhood. He wouldn’t stop until Sherlock was moaning his name over and over again as he fucked his mouth, his nipples hardening in the moonlight.
Sherlock smirked in satisfaction. He righted the sheets and went downstairs to his room to give himself some much needed relief.
In a split-second Sherlock had turned around and ran to John’s bedroom.
The familiarity of that scream sent shivers down his spine and twisted his insides. It reminded of the jump. It reminded him of how much he hurt John. He could still hear John begging to be let through to him and begging for him not to be dead.
"They need to be taken care of."
Watching Sherlock dance, he could feel his heart beating faster. All he wanted to do was join in.
“John, are you alright?” Sherlock’s voice was shaking as his eyes looked for his roommate in the dark.
It was more than a loud demand by now. This time it was John who was begging. Begging to be proven wrong.
A smile creeped up on Sherlock’s face. For a second, he thought about staying hidden in the bathroom and listening to the two Watsons having their fun. He then decided against it, straightened his shirt, put on the rest of his clothes and walked into the living room.
"You're right handed. You caught yourself with your right hand, not your left. Aside from that, I can smell iron, blood. You did not hurt it from the fall, which again, I am sorry about. So what is it?"
After a few minutes Sherlock finally was able to stand up, still shaking. It felt like there was barely any blood reaching his fingertips. The man froze before walking out the bathroom door. He could hear John talking to Rosie while giving her breakfast.
"Thank you, Mr Holmes. Thank you so much for...everything." I let go of him.
John avoided looking at Sherlock. When their eyes met John would turn around and talk to Rosie or pretend to read the newspaper. After a while, Sherlock could feel John’s eyes rest on him, but he didn’t look from what he was doing, instead just continued “thinking”, by staring on the ground, pulling a string from the violin from time to time. He didn’t want to risk John looking away from him. He liked it when John looked at him. It was so different from when other people looked at him. When other people looked at the consulting detective there was usually, well mostly, a hint of judgement and pity in their eyes. But not with John. When John looked at Sherlock appreciation and understanding was all there was. And Sherlock felt seen.
The silhouette in front of me asked, in a deep baritone voice. It was as smooth as honey, but if you really listened you could hear it quiver and shake a bit. I tried to get up on my feet again, pushing my body up which caused sharp pain to shoot through my entire left forearm. Only now I saw that the shadowy figure with curly hair had offered me a hand to help me up. However, determined to show I am very well capable of doing this on my own I ignored it. As soon as I had gotten back up on my feet, I realised who was standing in front of me. The darkness had covered the long dark coat and midnight blue scarf but once my eyes were adjusted, there was no doubt about who was standing in front of me.
He sat down next to me and looked at me, as if he were waiting for something. His eyes glanced down to my arm. Out of reflex I pulled my arm closer to my body. I knew he wanted to see the wounds so he could take care of them, for whatever reason. But I don't want him to see them. I don't want anyone to see. I scooted around in my seat uncomfortably. Doing so made me painfully aware of the packaging in my back pocket.
The woman nodded and went into the back, through a doorway covered by a beadcurtain. It was an odd looking kind of store. Like the kind you see in movies, that's supposed to cover up something bigger.
Sherlock could feel something touching his hand. It was warm and soft and it somehow felt familiar. It felt like home. He tried to concentrate on it instead of the pain. Soon he could hear someone’s voice calling him. John? Yes, it was John! He was still here! He squeezed harder and tried his best to wake up. It was somehow hard to find the strength to wake up but he just wanted to see John again. When he finally managed to open his eyes he was blinded by the white light of the room. It hurt his eyes but it didn’t matter to him he just wanted to see John.
Sherlock tried to suppress the pain and scramble to his feet. He tried moving forward up the stairs, leaning heavily on the wall to support himself. “Come on you little bastard, show me how you get out of this one. You can not tell me that he great Detective Sherlock Holmes can’t get away from some wanna be assassin. Come on, move it!” screamed John again. Sherlock was out of breath and sweaty. One he reached the top of the stairs just opened the first door he saw and stumbled clumsily in to the room. It was an empty office room – old and abandoned one– perfect for hiding. He was tied, out of breath and at his limit. The best thing he could do was to hide, fast.
“You need to call the hospital! There is a blood clot in Sherlock’s right arm and its slowly cutting off the blood supply to the limb there by killing off healthy tissue cells. The dead cells than travel with the little blood flow that still goes thru the limb to the main blood flow of the body, poisoning it in the process. They need to order a blood test to see the number of dead cells in the blood and an additional MRI to better determine the position of the clot, but they need to do it fast or Sherlock might die.” As John was explaining the situation he was already grabbing his stuff and walking out the front door. He needed to go to the hospital, make sure that those good for nothing doctors would get it right this time.
“Did you manage to catch the man who was trying to run away?” The cop looked at him, unsure if he should tell him or not. In the end he just nodded and tilted his head towards the end of the corridor. Greg was already standing there and shouting at some poor young cop. John thanked him and marched towards Greg.
“Sherlock are you listening to me?” Said John again as Sherlock reached the top of the stairs leaning heavily on the door frame. Sherlock could hear the doors downstairs open and close. Huh … Mrs Hudson must have left … Ow right the walk with Rosy …
“Mommy Sherlock was taken to the operation room. They found … They found something in his arm that was poisoning him. He .. –they have to…” he was running out of words. For the first time in his life he did not know how to say something. He felt helpless. How do you tell a mother that her child is being operated on, that he may not pull thru and even if he does he will be crippled for the rest of his life? How do you tell her that thru a phone?
Mycroft let out a tired breath and handed John a thick brown file. John looked at it and pulled it closer to himself.
“Yea, no problem.” With that she hung up and returned to her opened up friend.
“Not like this. This is not Sherlock; this is Sherlock playing a role. He is trying to convince me to leave. JW”
Truth be told he never really felt like his arm was really “gone”. Everything happened so fast lately he had hardly time to make sense of it. First Mary, then Johns outburst, then he almost got killed, then the story with his arm, the flash back (that truth be told he still has not worked though) and now John moving back in together with Rosy. And in all that time he was quietly suffering, hoping, praying that the next day would be less painful than the last one.
He ran to John, his feet hurting as if he was running on glass. When he finally reached him he put his hands on his shoulders, franticly looking left and right as to make sure
“Ow Sherlock… Come out, come out where ever you are.” There he was again. How could he find him so fast?
Sherlock kept his back to John, spreading his legs apart and dipping his chest over John’s ankles, leaning on one elbow, while sliding the other arm in a tantalizing gesture over his back and hips. John watched in amazement as Sherlock’s slickened fingers circled the tight pucker of his flesh, sliding the tip of one into his hole. Both men moaned as Sherlock pressed in further to his knuckle, and the erotic wiggle of his hips nearly shorted out several circuits in John’s brain. Sherlock chuckled at John’s gaping expression but his movements stuttered when John ran a finger over the one Sherlock had pressed into his arse. “Let me,” John whispered reverently, “Christ, Sherlock, let me.” Sherlock answered by handing John the bottle and spreading his cheeks even further apart, balancing on his knees with the effort. John wished to hell he had a mind palace to record the image properly and blinked a few times before he slid his entire index into Sherlock’s body. Sherlock choked back a gasp and rolled his hips.
Sherlock huffed a surprised laugh. “Mrs. Hudson is really going to kill us.”
in her Aston Martin.” It was not a question. Mrs. Hudson was going to murder them in their sleep. Well, most likely John, but if John was very lucky, she’d be able to catch Sherlock post case when the detective slept like the dead.
2. John was angry Sherlock was
John hummed appreciatively and swirled his tongue over Sherlock’s glans, then flicked it over his frenulum. Sherlock made an abortive thrust and moaned again.
“Want to see what she can really do, do you?” John smirked. “Never took you to be a car man.”
Chapter 9
Chapter 4
scent for his fair lady.” Sherlock made John sound like a real poncy arsehole, and the doctor had to grit his teeth to repress a growl. Monica was giving off some pretty clear signals she wouldn’t have minded helping John with a few other items on his shopping list.
is going to need some assistance as he absolutely
Chapter 14
“Yes, well, you see,
John leaned closer and rested his jaw against the soft globe of Sherlock’s arse and breached him with a second finger, watching as the tight muscle widen even further. With a needy whine, Sherlock sank back, and John, feeling mischievous, crooked his fingers, lightly brushing the soft pad of Sherlock’s prostate. The other man bit off a cry as his legs seemed to momentarily fail him.
Sherlock smirked. “Worked didn’t it?”
Delete.
his friend was nearly between Sherlock’s legs with a burgeoning erection. Fortunately, John hadn’t noticed the bulge in Sherlock’s trousers, or the little whimper the detective made when he got a good whiff of
,” before screaming John’s name and convulsively squeezing John’s hair in his fingers. John reveled in the flavor of bitter-salty-sweet inundating his mouth as Sherlock’s cock pulsed against his tongue.
, touch me.”
“And what will you do after you’re done with her? Tell her ‘thanks for your participation’?” John sputtered indignantly.
“What do I smell like, John?” All of the sudden the light got very bright in the room and John realized how he must look to his flatmate, who’d just asked him to catalogue a baseline scent. But then this was Sherlock, so it made sense in its own way. Sort of.
“But I can’t THINK, John!” Sherlock exclaimed and slammed his fist on the table. “My brain is going to rot if I—” Sherlock sneezed before he could finish his sentence, glaring at John as though the doctor was responsible for his body’s malfunction.
John was due to see Lestrade for pints the next evening, when it was likely results of the case will be shared. It was time to change the rules of the game. Variables had to be taken into account and more training would be necessary.
Sherlock’s body would be amazing, lithe but well muscled. Masculine, and demanding in his movements as he rutted against John’s belly and thighs. John suppressed a moan and bit his lip. Fuck. But that would be hot. He wondered how Sherlock’s mouth would taste, his tongue. Jesus, the juices from his cock. John began fucking his fist in earnest now. Sherlock’s tiny pink arsehole. Christ, his wet, pulsating arsehole opening up for John as he used his lube slicked fingers, then taking in John’s cock in measured thrusts. Slow at first, but then Sherlock’s legs would spread wide and drive John further into his tight wet heat. John envisioned tasting Sherlock’s fine sheen of sweat coating his back, taking the man’s leaking cock in hand as he pounded into his friend, making him scream his name until he was filled with come.
Well.
Chapter 13
“Have much experience then?” John nearly croaked after clearing his throat.
an excellent opportunity to smell another part of Sherlock’s anatomy. Before he could remember that perhaps Sherlock should turn around for this inspection he leaned in further towards Sherlock’s slender, pale neck. God. Jesus. The scent was intoxicating. What it must taste like. Self consciously John licked his lips. Sherlock made a little whimper and John withdrew to reconfigure his thoughts, realizing he had situated himself between Sherlock’s thighs again. He cursed as he realized he was half hard. An early night for bed then? That perfume was really good. And he had just sniffed Sherlock’s neck.
The next day John found Sherlock laying in his thinking pose on the sofa and didn’t waste any time. Without warning John dipped his head just above Sherlock’s curls and took an audible whiff of the scent. Sherlock gasped and turned upwards to meet his eyes, then raised an eyebrow inquisitively for John’s response.
Sherlock swallowed hard and gulped for air. “Please...please suck me, John. I need...
Sherlock narrowed his eyes and John finished, “not the murderer’s. Have a good day, Sherlock.”
“Frankly, no. Maybe it was worn by Donovan or one of the other forensic investigators.”
John grinned, glad he wasn’t the only one affected. “I want to taste your mouth,” he groaned, “Before you suck me.”
… Delete
Sherlock touched his lips and added another data point: Engorged lips. Despite John’s constant reminder that Sherlock “didn’t do relationships” a lot had changed between him and his flatmate. Well, not much for Sherlock. Ever since John had shot a man to save him from himself Sherlock had experienced varying levels of heightened awareness with John’s proximity. The consulting detective might not “do” relationships, but sex was hardly a relationship, though it certainly had the potential to destroy their partnership and bond of friendship. Sherlock hummed and realized he had rubbed the heel of his wrist into his erection.
Conflicting Data: Sherlock had to focus hard,
“Hmm?” Sherlock queried then finally offered, “a friend from Uni had a porsche and insisted I take it out for a spin.” He sighed and grabbed the gear shift--again, not with the bloody knob, flicking his thumb over the...head. “Honestly it astounds me. He named it, John. He
“Ah, no, sorry,” John said sheepishly then added quickly, “Oh but it was very lovely. Perhaps you could write down the name and your information in case I decide to purchase that one instead, yeah?” John hoped with every fiber of his being she would take the hint and give him her number. Monica seemed to nod in understanding and directed their attention towards some slips of paper surrounding a set of bottles.
“Fuck, that is beautiful. If your hands weren’t otherwise occupied I’d ask you to unbutton that ridiculously tight shirt so I could see whether your nipples were hard. Are they? Are they hard right now, Sherlock?”
“Fuck yeah. I would make you feel so good, Sherlock. I love the way you say my name. I’ll make you
With a sigh John poured his tea and motioned for Sherlock to follow him into the sitting room. John clung to the feeble hope if he provided Sherlock with his observations now he could avoid the dozens of texts the detective would send him at the office. “I saw a man who clearly has a fetish for crossdressing in the back room of a seedy dance club. Other than the screwdriver in his skull he sustained no other injuries—no scratches or bruising on the body or evidence of sexual assault. Based on the angle of impact it appears the man was attacked from behind and caught unawares.”
Finally,
“You’re loving this aren’t you,” Sherlock managed after he swallowed the pain medicine—without tea—in an act of defiance.
you. That was going to be enough for me.” He paused and swallowed back his last vestiges of fear. “And if you want me, no matter how you want me, I will be there. So just...just tell me what you want.”
Sherlock glowering at him, then added offhandedly, “we used to date, back in Uni.” Another page. Another.
Sherlock raised an eyebrow in inquiry. “That’s me, John.” He coughed. “I needed to test...for a baseline. To make sure my natural scent wasn’t interfering with the results.”
“Home.”
“Is this...is this a game to you? Because I don’t think this is funny.” John was incredulous. And exceedingly frustrated, because the idea of jerking off while watching Sherlock drive was a dream come true, one he hadn’t realized even existed. Until this moment anyway.
Chapter 15
John blinked back at Sherlock owlishly. “No. Sherlock, I can’t just have a wank in front of you.”
. Had Sherlock just run into the kitchen after dousing himself in ladies perfume? John suppressed a giggle by clearing his throat. John finished making the tea and naturally slid Sherlock’s cup next to him to stroll back into the sitting room. He unfurled one of his medical journals and began to sip at his tea, his eyes gingerly avoiding Sherlock’s hunched form in the kitchen. After studiously ignoring Sherlock’s sighs and grunts of annoyance--which thankfully were no longer honking sneezes--John hazarded a casual conversation.
“Well, I say a friend, but it is more appropriate to say an acquaintance,” Sherlock scoffed, but then John noticed the way Sherlock’s palm stroked--stroked!--the length and ball of the shift. To his horror John felt his cock twitch with interest.
“More John!” Sherlock growled petulantly through gritted teeth. John answered with a bruising bite to Sherlock’s arse before adding another digit. Sherlock yelped and bucked forward, then sunk back against John’s hand in bliss.
Chapter 12
… Delete.
To John’s surprise, Sherlock’s head fell against his chest. “Where do you want it to go?”
“Well, I would help but I have my hands full at the moment.” Sherlock grinned evilly and added, “I won’t watch, if that’s your concern. It must be getting nearly painful now.”
Chapter 10
The tikka masala smelled heavenly. Despite the take out boxes John elected to serve the meal on a set of newly washed plates. One could never be too careful. Seeing John take the initiative for something more than the usual styrofoam fanfare Sherlock had very politely cleaned off a section of the table from his mold experiment for them to enjoy their dinner. They sat down to what was hopefully mold free, domestic bliss. Thankfully the experiment didn’t smell. However, when John reached behind Sherlock to hand him his plate, Sherlock
John snorted. “Yeah, ok, why don’t you just say you want to drive really,
fast, Sherlock. There’s no shame in being one of the boys. Besides, you’ve probably seen the footage of Mrs. Hudson’s performance on the telly so you already know damn well what this car can handle.” John couldn’t help but add, “of course it was probably different riding in the boot. Christ, I wasn’t sure if you were trembling because you were high or terrified of her driving.”
be conclusive. Sherlock took John’s towel off the rack and slid it between his thighs, making sure it slipped between his arse cheeks and met the thread of pre-come on the tip of his cock. The cadence of John’s strokes was maddening. And increasing. Sherlock quickly deposited the flannel back in its place, pulled up his tented pyjama bottoms, and exited the bathroom, carefully pulling the door closed without a sound.
“John…?” Sherlock asked after he pulled away, his eyes searching John’s.
“Christ, you feel so good. Fucking
the girl. Unfair. John knew Sherlock’s methods and she was at no risk for being properly seduced. It was her
“Monica.” John corrected, wiping a tear from his eye. “You tit, you smell awful.”
John took a deep breath. “You’re the World’s Only Consulting Detective, Sherlock. Where do you think I want it to go?”
“No,” Sherlock hummed. “Why do you ask?”
“Anything.” Sherlock’s answer was absolute.
Sherlock’s wrecked expression was answer enough but John pushed anyway, “Tell me, luv.”
John shook his head.
After they got to the flat, Sherlock lumbered up the stairs to hang up his coat and scarf before collapsing on the couch into a great heap of grumpiness. John made some tea, and noted with wry amusement how every time Sherlock attempted to enter his mind palace, snot would run down his steepled fingers and rouse the detective from his thoughts. John finished the tea and set a cup on the table next to his friend meaningfully. When Sherlock didn’t immediately take the beverage John knitted his brows in irritation and laid a hand on Sherlock’s heated forehead. He stood up to fetch some paracetamol and returned to find Sherlock glaring at him in reproach. John’s grim expression must have indicated the medicine was nonnegotiable and Sherlock acquiesced with a grunt.
Sherlock seemed to judge his friend’s response adequate and snuggled closer to rub his knee against John’s thigh.
“Let me hear you, John.” Sherlock said huskily and sped up again. John let out an undignified whimper and opened his eyes. Sherlock was
to have anything but that one
Sherlock licked his fingers and trailed them across John’s lips and pushed them into John’s mouth. John sucked on the fingers eagerly, licking between the digits, then watched as Sherlock brought them back to his mouth only to suckle them some more. This was the most pornographic thing John had ever seen, but then Sherlock
, how long I’ve wanted you?” John panted. “Wanted to mark your beautiful skin? I’ve been fantasizing about fucking you
Sherlock grinned. “I may have persuaded her to give me a sample.”
Sherlock nodded and ascended the bottom stair before turning around and glancing back at John, extending his hand in silent question. If Mrs. Hudson wasn’t sure before, she would have no doubts now. But strangely, that was ok.
“I’m sorry, Sherlock, but there’s nothing that can be done about it now. You’re too sick to deal with a case, and the perfume will have dissipated by the time you can use your preternatural powers of olfaction to locate a culprit. You’ll just have to let the Yard do their jobs.”
“Tell me what you saw at the crime scene, John,” Sherlock demanded. “I need more data.”
do jealously. This morning John had been in a hurry before work and he grabbed Sherlock by the arm and swung him around in his chair. John ran his nose along the slender underside of Sherlock’s wrist and inhaled deeply before meeting Sherlock’s eyes, which were blown wide in surprise. The detective’s mouth fell open and John realized he’d completely invaded the other man’s space, and was, in fact, nearly between his knees.
“Tell me this is ok, John. Let me...” Sherlock husked and John released his wrist, having forgotten he still held the detective hostage. Sherlock ran his sinewy fingers over the ridge of John’s erection through the tented fabric. Sherlock’s touch ignited a fire trilling along every one of John’s nerve endings and he had to bite the side of his mouth to quell his urge to sob.
Sherlock obeyed and John stroked faster. “Fuck. When I come, I want you to pull this car over immediately. Am I clear, Sherlock?”
John bent down and swallowed Sherlock to the root. Sherlock’s prick was hot and thick in John’s mouth, and blissfully perfect. It had been a long time since John had given a man head, but he was damn good at it. Sherlock
Greg gaped at him, eyes wide, then started laughing. “You’re joking!”
“Because it’s with
Extraneous (?) Data: John had increased his masturbatory schedule. Now he was wanking in the shower before work in addition to at his customary nightly rituals.
expression.
him. And the detective’s methods. Hypothesis: Jealousy?
3. John made it a point to name the women he’d slept with after every touch. Interesting, because Sherlock had already looked each of them up online, and while they were real, John had given him false dates coinciding with sexual exploits. And, while scent is the most intense trigger for memory, it was unlikely for John to attribute so
“If you’re still up to it tomorrow, you can give them a reprise then. It’s time for them to rest. It’s time for you to rest.”
Shocked, John asks, “Are you drunk?”
Sherlock gestured to the three candles on his beside table, and John got the hint and went to light them. Sherlock got up and took the two step to his bedside table, and waited until John lifted the middle candle between them.
“Irrelevant, John. You know I loathe repeating myself. Did you bring it?”
His eyes flew open and Sherlock saw what he'd already felt: 190 pounds of ex army Doctor preying open Sherlock's blue robe. He'd been prepared having done his chores naked and putting on his favorite dressing gown simply so John had the pleasure of taking it off. He was always more violent if Sherlock was already naked, declaring him "a whore," and "a greedy little cockslut," which in and of itself was true, but John himself was just a little more off.
"How does Sherlock feel about you raping him?"
"Yes, I did."
“No, No, No.”
John could hear Mycroft’s hesitation and asked after the reason why. “What is it, Mycroft?”
“John, I know you haven’t any need for an aural evaluation and yet you insist on making me repeat myself. Why do you persist in this ridiculous Anderson impersonation? Come here and sing to the ducks with me.”
Sherlock looks up at John from his position, still sat on the grass and protests.
“No, Sherlock.”
"Come along, John" as he charged into his bedroom. When John reaches him, Sherlock is carelessly divesting himself of his clothes, continuing his earlier thoughts on the forests that Mycroft supposedly had a personal hand in destroying because he needed an entire room to announce that he was a ‘very important person.’
After a particularly bad row in early December, John and Sherlock weren’t speaking to each other. According to Sherlock, there was only so much “
indeed.
John sighed. The Holmes’ Brothers and their canes could be absolutely bloody exhausting.
"I had asked if you brought the matches up."
To those who hadn't just heard the whole thing, anyway.
“I think, Doctor Watson, this is one you’ll want to see for yourself.”
” He should not have left Sherlock alone for so long. That much was clear. The state of the flat in these last weeks was nothing compared to the state of Sherlock’s left arm. Sherlock sat before John, on his bed, shirtless and in the process of taking off his shoes.
John heard Sherlock long before he ever saw him. After he requested that the cabbie keep the meter running, he exited the taxi and took out his phone to text his flatmate. He turned up his collar and hugged his jacket closer to him to protect against the wind that was blowing harshly, and zipped it up, ensuring his chest was covered. It turns out that he needn’t have bothered; Sherlock’s baritone emanated from the trees along the lake’s edge, where John found his flatmate, of all things, with his back turned to him and swinging upside down from a tree. He swung thrice and brought himself back up, standing on the branch with his arms out, balancing and taking steps as though he were a tightrope walker, three forward, spinning round and going back the other way. It wasn’t until John reached Sherlock that he actually realised that Sherlock was singing.
“He’s in that ridiculous club of his isn’t he? In his stuffy office, with all sorts of browns. His scotch, a hundred years old, his desks, his books, dozens of tomes the lazy prig hasn’t even bothered to crack the spines. Fair enough though, eighty-three- no, eighty-nine percent of them are first editions. There are so many types of wood: Oak, Pine, Mahogony, and a variety of lesser known ones. The fat one should know though that he is very probably single handedly responsible for the deforestation in the Middle East and Asia. Which is only slightly more forgivable than the monstrosities the poor trees were turned into.”
partner,
It always went the same way. John would show up out of the blue and without a word, would drag Sherlock from wherever he was; the lounge room, the kitchen and they'd end up fucking in Sherlock's bedroom .
That was another excuse John liked to rub in her face.
As Sherlock got up, John tried to do some additions in his head. The fare home was already going to be tedious. John thought he might have to cut a few luxuries out of the budget this month. John turned to go and Sherlock walked ahead of him, strides long enough to leave John behind. When John got to the road, a few minutes after Sherlock,  he was only slightly surprised to find one of Mycroft’s cars humming quietly in the taxi’s stead. John got in and sat next to Sherlock who was sitting across from Mycroft's assistant. Sherlock looked directly into the centre of the car’s split screen where there appeared to be a minute wine stain. Oddly enough, Sherlock apparently felt the need to address it. “I’m going to sing Rossini the whole way home.See how you like that, fatty.” He turned to Mycroft’s assistant whose name wasn’t Anthea and pronounced animatedly that she ought to turn up all of her boss’s speaker’s.
?” John steeled himself for Sherlock’s answer. Knowing Sherlock it could have been his first thought at breakfast before shower and he had no intention of indulging himself longer than the span of a few hours.
Donovan, John?” Sherlock sneered and added, “She doesn’t
“No, a game would be if I suggested you stroke your cock faster when I speed up and slower when I take some more turns.” Sherlock quirked his eyebrow and John could practically hear the ‘obviously’ the man left unspoken. John wanted to
endeavor? We have spoken about this, yeah?” His friend wasn’t moving, so John ran his thumb over Sherlock’s jaw. “Look at me, Sherlock.”
“Alright you, I think you’ve had quite enough fun tonight. It’s nearly freezing and you need a hot shower and some tea if you don’t want to collapse tomorrow.” This statement earned John an expression of indignation for his concern, but John steered his friend towards the cab Sherlock miraculously hailed from the sidewalk—in unspoken assent to heed his doctor’s instructions. Or at least John hoped. There really was no telling with Sherlock.
smell.
Sherlock turned the key in the ignition and the engine just
Sherlock nodded and his fingers twitched against the dash. He was completely at John’s mercy now. “Alright, you filthy creature. On one condition.”
The haze of alcohol swamped his senses, but John was determined to have his nightly wank after smelling his friend’s wrist again, sobering up just enough to divest himself of his jeans. Jesus. He could still smell Sherlock. It was as though the smell had traveled with him up the stairs and onto his bed. John stifled a groan as he dug the heel of his hand against his erection, wondering how Sherlock would touch himself, and if he ever thought of John.
“Take off your trousers and spread your legs, John.” Sherlock ordered imperiously.
Sherlock snorted before shifting the vehicle into gear and peeling out of the parking lot. As they careened through the moderate traffic John became increasingly nervous. Sure he liked danger, but putting innocent pedestrians at risk wasn’t really his style. Several times John found himself pressing his foot into the floorboard wishing he could hit the breaks just a bit. Wincing after a particularly close call with a red traffic light, John found himself ready to turn to his friend and suggest perhaps he calm down. But then John saw the
visible against the detective’s bespoke trousers, and John both thanked and cursed his maker Sherlock had chosen not to wear black that day, lest the doctor be denied the sight.
“Ah. Can’t think of anyone.” John answered. “That is, really nice though.”
hard on quelling his burgeoning erection whenever John drew near for their experiment. Physical intimacy triggered sexual response?
, did you not? I only started the second stage of the experiment last night.” Sherlock looked very much like the cat that got the cream. He issued a deep rumble from his throat and idly played with his own pink nipple. “
Once they were out of sight of the police Sherlock secreted a jumble of wadded up tissues from his pocket and blew his nose with a noisy honk of protest for his efforts. The detective looked in disgust at the mucus as though it were some offense towards his person before sneezing again in utter misery.
The variables had been addressed, but now it was imperative to devise a way for John to take more initiative. Sherlock took a moment to check with his internal assessment of what he wanted John to do. Sex was welcome. Very welcome in fact. And yet...John would inevitably want more. When it came to actual relationships of the romantic variety, Sherlock knew failure well, if his experiences with Victor at Uni were any indication. And he would fail John. Spectacularly. But the idea of going back to the status quo- he and John dancing around their mutual attraction to one another in the hopes of retaining that close friendship, seemed suddenly unbearable. He wanted John to kiss him, to fuck him. To cherish him.
“Well, that’s...unusual,” Greg continued. “But he probably didn’t spare it a thought. You know how he gets more than any of us.”
Sherlock glanced around John’s bedroom to survey his options. It wasn’t as though he’d never been in John’s room. He’d spent several occasions looking through John’s trunk looking for his gun, even discovering some mouthwatering photos of a young John in fatigues. He’d committed the image to memory before replacing the items. But it wasn’t as though Sherlock could use those for this particular endeavor. Sherlock sat on the bed and ran his fingers over the comforter. It was soft yet sturdy. And dangerously tempting. Just like John. Feeling nostalgic Sherlock curled up to rest his head on John’s pillow and sighed. John would be home soon and Sherlock hadn’t found anything more suitable. Fuck it. John’s pillow would have to do. If John couldn’t pick up on Sherlock’s blatant invitation to experience carnal bliss with him after talking with Lestrade then he’d make it unmistakably obvious. Sherlock rolled over on his stomach and unbuttoned his shirt before nuzzling his cheeks over John’s pillow. He was careful to rub his curls over both sides, hoping John’s body heat would activate the scent to surround his head and inundate his senses when he jerked off. The image of John pumping his fist with his cock while smelling Sherlock all around him sent a shiver down the detective’s spine, not to mention a discomforting bulge in his trousers. Best to be thorough, he thought as he leaned back to undo his fly, allowing his heavy cock to pop free against his belly. It was already leaking, and Sherlock had the fantastic urge to just rut against John’s sheets. Instead he gave his prick a few tugs, careful to avoid the pre-come on the tip, and rubbed his hand just under John’s pillow. There.
Sherlock removed tissue from his pocket and dabbed at his nose in scorn before adjusting his features into something more “charming rich bloke”. He strode towards the woman a hair trigger from running away from the germ factory that was Sherlock Holmes.
Sherlock seemed to register the questions on John’s lips and he shook his head. “No, John. Bed. Now,” was all he managed as he held out his hand to pull John off the floor. John allowed Sherlock to lead him into his bedroom and they collapsed into the downy sheets—the ridiculously luxurious sheets—that seemed well deserved after what they’d just done. John was surprised when Sherlock manipulated himself into the crook under John’s arm and snuggled onto his chest. John wasn’t sure that his friend would be a cuddler after sex, but was so overwhelmed with love for the man he nearly cried at this display of affection. As their breathing regulated they drifted off to sleep, blissful in each other’s arms.
“Don’t,” John interrupted him. “Don’t. Give me false hope. Or confirm my fears. I don’t think I can stand it anymore.” He scrubbed his face and attempted to collect his thoughts.
“Did we have a client?”
“Do you have any idea, Sherlock.
“I don’t see what the problem is, John. And you forget that I’m not
John threw on his lounge pants and made his way into the kitchen to find Sherlock hunched over his microscope. “You manipulative bastard!” John growled, throwing the towel over Sherlock’s head.
“I’m not a ‘car man’,” Sherlock scoffed with disdain. “This is a work of engineering ingenuity--practically a functional work of art--and I intend to simply,” he gritted his teeth as he took another turn, “conduct an experiment to see how well it performs.”
“Did you, ah...did you forget to put anything on this afternoon?” John ventured carefully.
.” Imagining Sherlock as a big black cat rubbing his cheeks on John’s belongings to mark ownership was an image John planned to hang onto for the rest of his life. “Wait, does Mycroft have any cameras in my room?” He mused aloud, hoping perhaps there was a way to obtain the evidence.
Chapter 1
Perhaps there was a way. John would find a way. John was good at finding those compromises, keeping Sherlock steady in moments like this. But he couldn’t exactly ask his friend for advice in this area. Another experiment was necessary to determine John’s feelings on the matter, if his talk with Gordon didn’t yield appropriate results. Then suddenly Sherlock grinned. There was no reason he couldn’t continue to test John’s reaction to scent. The parameters simply had to be modified.
“Yeah, you want to come on my hand? On my cock? I will lick every drop off. God, I bet you taste amazing.”
“Oi, I thought you weren’t going to watch,” John answered, but his tone was teasing, coy even. His blood
John slowly raised his head from the floor and cupped little Rosies cheek in his hand. His eyes were puffy and red with tears still streaming down his cheek. His nose was running and his throat was hurting from all the crying. He must have looked like a mess. Still little Rosy smiled at him and put her little hands on his face as to cup his cheeks in return.
"We are not here to talk about me Dr Watson. We are here to talk about Sherlock. As you know he is still not well. The morphine administered to him by that foul bastard of a doctor pushed his weakened body over the edge. His liver, kidneys and heart are in terrible condition, yet that is not what concerns me.“ Mycroft put his briefcase on the table and opened it.
John looked towards the ground and just shook his head. “Nothing of importance you say…. Ok…” Suddenly the doctor stood up and marched across the room to his desk. From out of his top right drawer (just like Sherlock suspected) he pulled out a thick medical file and walked back toward his seat. He flopped back in to it and flipped the file open.
“No that ... that’s not true. I – I …” Sherlock could not form real words. It was as if all air in the room had disappeared.
“Ok. Yes do it” Said Mycroft with a broken, silent voice.
Once he arrived at Baker street Mrs Hutson was already waiting for him. “I don't think that he came here. The apartment is still the one and same mess as before.” Said the old (not) housekeeper and Mycroft just went straight past her in to the apartment. It truly was a mess. Papers spread all over, furniture flipped over … I looked like a fight had taken place in here. That was the time Mycrofts phone buzzed. Greg and Molly: “Sherlock not here. What now?”
“Alright then.” John took a deep breath, convincing himself to count to 10 to calm down. Again he had been at the butt of the joke. But now was not the time for that.
