“And are you—” John swallowed against the lump forming in his throat. “Are you sorry you never heard from him?”
“No.” John stumbled forward, which only landed him back with Irene holding his arm again. The concern etched on her features only made John angry; what was it to her whether he was well? She didn’t even know him.
Sherlock and John only stared at one another, and all at once Sherlock realized they hadn’t actually spoken to each other at all since his arrival. Now he felt he should say something profound, but all he could think of was, “I have your ring. If you want it.”
“I don’t make anybody happy.” And with that, Sherlock stalked off, leaving John to grimace apologetically at Henry before hurrying to catch up.
John jumped, glared at the angel for startling him, even as he realized it had been Sherlock speaking. He edged past the statue and stepped inside, let his eyes run over the names and dates around him. He hadn’t paid much attention before; there had only been one person who had mattered to him.
“I had uses, just not enough of them, evidently. If I’d known you wanted a Swiss Army knife for a lover, I’d have tried harder.”
He was spared the immediate need to explicate by the sudden appearance of a petite redhead zipping into the room. “Sherl’s on his way,” she said, going straight to John’s bedside. “He’s just, you know . . .” And she shrugged.
“You help people,” Irene reminded her friend. “Like Stuart. You’re allowed to help yourself, too. And part of helping yourself is giving yourself permission to be happy.”
And why was he here? He’d come the second spring and summer with the idea that he should check up on things and ended up staying because London had suffered a terrible heat wave that John had not been eager to join. And now even the guidebooks said he lived at Weald House half the year. So here he was again, as expected, though he wasn’t sure if he’d stay as long. There was Eoin to consider, after all, and while the relationship was too new to withstand any serious pressure or intensity, it was also too new to survive without some regular tending, which John couldn’t do if he stayed all summer in the country.
She held up a hand. “You’ve been at it all afternoon and evening. You need to take a break. And my friends are dying to meet you.”
“I pushed him into a pool once. I didn’t know he couldn’t swim.” John laughed at the memory. “He looked like a half-drowned cat, and he was about as angry as one, too.”
“Don’t know what anyone would want with your flat anyway,” Harry continued. “I mean, look at my place! And I’ve never once been robbed!”
So he’d holed himself up as much as the curiosity of the locals had allowed, Mrs. Grossman running a decidedly ineffective interference. The Baskervilles—the new ones, a husband and wife with two bored-looking teenagers—had come to express their sympathies. And Mr. Stoke and the Bazeltons and a parade of others who had been prepared, John thought, to dislike him as a new-come interloper but had gone away seemingly satisfied with his manners. A solider and a doctor, who could fault that? And if he wasn’t a Holmes, well, he’d almost been, if only there had been more time.
“This one is fine,” John assured her, adding lamely, “I like green.” He grabbed his bag and beat a hasty retreat, only to be startled at finding Sherlock pulling what seemed to be an inordinate amount of clothes from the garment bag. “What are you doing?”
Sherlock had briefly considered forwarding the image to Mycroft to help his brother track down John’s exact whereabouts, but he’d found himself unable to go that far. And in the end, it didn’t matter. Because when the plane landed and Sherlock switched his phone off airplane mode, a text from Mycroft was waiting for him:
“Bell, book and candle,” Sherlock reported. “The old ritual of excommunication. If Markham and Lumley were the bell, then the book must be Markham’s portfolio, and when we find that we’ll find the candle.”
Mycroft was still wearing his suit, sans jacket, when he answered the door. John found himself wondering if Mycroft had worked late and only just come home, or whether he really only ever wore three-piece suits. But no, surely he owned pajamas at the very least?
“I don’t know,” John said again, but when he saw the curious expression on the landlady’s face he was quick to add, “It’s a surprise, I think.”
“I take it there’s an, um, understanding concerning you and Miss Baskerville?” John asked once he’d caught his breath again.
Sherlock turned his head and stared at John so long, John began to think his flatmate hadn’t heard him. But then suddenly Sherlock said, “Yes, well, for once I took his point.”
They took seats on the waiting room sofa, and when it became clear John wasn’t going to get any further, Sarah said, “John, if you had to choose one thing or person you couldn’t imagine your life without . . .” She tossed him a meaningful look.
“You’re free to go back to London any time you like,” said Sherlock. “Just show me where you found the body before you leave.”
THERE WAS NOTHING in John’s stomach, but that didn’t stop his body from trying to eject its contents just the same. The result was abundant dry heaving with the occasional yield of stomach acid and bile.
But what John said was, “I know what you meant. Anyway, we’re fine. I just wanted to let you know we’re out of town, maybe for the week. I didn’t want you to worry if you couldn’t find us.”
This sounded familiar, but John’s tired brain took an extra minute to find the reference. “The thing from the museum?”
John looked then to Sherlock in hopes of gauging whether his flatmate wanted to be alone with his visitor, but as usual Sherlock was difficult to read. He seemed stiff and a trifle pale, but that might not mean anything. But then John observed how white Sherlock’s knuckles were on the hand still holding the door—too tightly—and the way Sherlock’s body pulled away from Charles almost as if Sherlock were leaning back to increase the space between them. John’s eyes traveled to the telltale flutter of pulse at his flatmate’s throat and he understood.
“Coming to get me. Staying with me. You could have sent me to a facility. Would’ve saved you a lot of trouble.”
Panic threatened. But Sherlock could think of no way out of it. If he didn’t do as John asked, John would only keep probing.
“I knew I shouldn’t have trusted you with it. You have no care for these things.” Mycroft gestured them out of the entry and toward the plush sofas in the living area beyond, a space that John judged could hold the entire Baker Street flat.
Sherlock shrugged and tossed the stack of papers back into the inbox. “Don’t know what you’re so upset about,” he grumbled as he stalked past. “It’s not as if
The sound of thunder rolling over the house startled him. He turned toward the closet, thinking he would grab his bag. But as he did so, light reflected off something on the bed and caught his eye.
“And I was going to have breakfast, but now I’m full of cake,” said John, adding when Sherlock turned to leave, “Where are you going now?”
“Well, I wouldn’t want to exceed my daily ration of your valuable time,” said John. And could he honestly have expected any different? Sherlock’s work came first; John knew this, couldn’t fathom what had made him test the boundaries when he was destined to come away disappointed. Without waiting for a response, he went to his room. Turned out the light. Lay down. As Sherlock had pointed out, it was early yet, and John wasn’t at all sleepy. But he didn’t feel like doing anything else, either, so he just lay there.
At the point his phone notified him that he had “arrived at his destination,” John couldn’t immediately see what or where that destination was. The road he was on appeared to go on indefinitely, and there was no other road. So what was he supposed to do? Get out and search the field?
“I’m angry about what it’s done to you, that Whitcombe has made it that much harder for anyone else,” said John.
“Hello!” a voice called up the stairs. “Sorry it took me so long, but I got stuck at the clin—” Sarah appeared in the doorway. “—ic. Um . . . hi?” she added when she saw the cute little redhead standing next to John.
“What I want is to fuck you from here ‘til next Tuesday, but Moriarty would string me up by my balls if I tried. So I’ll settle for a kiss.”
suffering, aren’t you?” He helped John sit up then picked up the glass of water and inserted a straw. “Drink.”
“No, but only because I know better.” She strode to the closet and began to pick through the clothes Sherlock had hanging there, eventually extracting a shirt in a dusky purple that had a bit of sheen to the fabric. “It’ll have to do,” she said as she held it out to him.
“What do you want, John?” Sherlock asked again. “I can’t give you anything until I know what you’re asking for.”
There was a long pause as Harry absorbed this information. “Good God,” she finally said, resuming her seat. “John moped for ages after that whole thing. John!” she shouted as if he were hard of hearing as opposed to sedated, “your old flatmate is alive after all!”
He found a sizable boulder and took a seat, then pulled out the letter, now a bit bent up from being wedged into his pocket. Looked at his name written so neatly—not Sherlock’s typical, hurried scrawl, but something more careful. And yet his handwriting all the same.
As he pulled the top one out, John felt his heart rate increase. Was he nervous that he might get caught? (He almost certainly would, sooner or later.) Or excited about what he might find? But even as a part of him was asking himself to admit a deeper motivation for what he was doing, he was lifting the lid off the box.
John couldn’t guess how far they’d gone, though it hadn’t taken long to get there; five minutes, maybe seven or eight at the outside. Feeling bruised and jostled, he climbed down from the horse then waited to hand Elyse down. She shook him off with no little intolerance and an expression that might have been disgust, which surprised John until he remembered Henry Baskerville’s accusation that John was a prime contributor to Elyse’s unhappiness.
JOHN DID ONE lap around the library, then another. Everything he’d believed over the previous two years had been cast in a new light. Even that first moment of leaning over the waterfall—Sherlock had been down there, somewhere, lying injured, and John hadn’t known it. Shouldn’t he have? Shouldn’t he have sensed it somehow?
Something inside John jolted like a car thrown abruptly into high gear. He pushed back Sherlock’s suit coat and rapidly began opening the ruined shirt. “Hand me a rag, something  to—” he began, but Irene was already pushing an antibacterial wipe into his hand.
Sherlock’s gaze unfastened from her, and Sarah thought he must be remembering. After a moment he nodded. “He spoke . . . to you . . .”
“No!” Sherlock responded with a vehemence that startled John. “I need you to stay here. Mycroft is coming for the computer.” He strode out of the room, determined to get dressed and quit wasting time.
Lestrade raised his eyebrows, but Sherlock only snorted. “He’s not an idiot, John. He’ll have someone who can take care of that without making a scene of it.”
“It’s all right,” Eoin said again, eerily calm as he turned to go. “I’ll see you around. At the clinic or wherever.” And with a seed of disquiet planted deep in his stomach, John watched him leave.
THERE WAS MUCH muttering and shaking of heads between the two medics as they examined John’s injuries, and Sherlock was primed to demand what they were discussing, but then Lestrade arrived. It took Sherlock a minute to comprehend the inspector’s astounded expression. Because while most of the people he’d known thought he was dead, Sherlock was not accustomed to thinking of himself that way.
There was a minute—it felt like an eternity to John—during which no one moved or spoke. Then Gerrie said, “Well, Elyse has come all the way over to see you. It’s been ages, after all, and you see John all the time.”
“Want you?” Sherlock asked himself. “Or need you?” But that was a question the detective was at a loss to answer.
Mrs. Grossman stole a glance out the windows that gave onto the pond. “Just a quick look,” she said sternly as she stood to lead him upstairs. She brought him into the gallery at the front of the house, where above the fireplace hung the portrait of Sophie Baskerville Knill, her husband Richard Knill, and their daughter Isabelle. But even as she began her memorized spiel, she saw that her guest’s attention was riveted to the portraits displayed opposite over the second fireplace on the far side of the room.
John was too tired to argue. And even if he hadn’t been, he would have been hard pressed to come up with a defense. He felt the pinch of the needle and started in surprise; he hadn’t noticed Charles was within arm’s reach. Then his body relaxed and whatever he’d been worrying about evaporated.
“He can’t model any more after the scandal with the chamber maid finding him tied up in your hotel room.”
Well then, what harm was one photo? If he promised himself he’d put it away somewhere until there came a time he was able to look at it with more fond nostalgia than longing?
But the kitchen had failed to turn up any cups, dirty or clean, that might have been used to imbibe poison. And there was no portfolio to be found, either.
“Hm?” asked Irene, and John saw she’d been somewhere else entirely. He nodded at the bear she was clutching with more force than she realized. “Oh!” Irene said as if surprised to be holding it. “I don’t know . . .”
Patrick put a hand to the left side of his face, which was rapidly showing the signs of discoloration. “I think you broke my cheekbone.”
That aside, however, Sherlock couldn’t quite bring himself to forgive Irene for her cutting insinuation about his extracurricular activities while separated from John. He was not proud of these things, and it was unlike Irene to be hurtful. And Sherlock did not need her to remind him how unworthy he was of John’s affection. How much more worthy she, or anyone for that matter, might be.
“Yes,” said John, feeling somewhat stupid sitting there talking to a car. Even if it was a very nice car.
John started. “Right, sorry, miles away. So, uh, Miss Baskerville, your brother is Sir Henry Baskerville?”
Mr. Watson’s eyes flashed, and Sherlock steeled himself for the possibility that the man might be moved to physically assault him. But Mr. Watson restrained himself, though it took visible effort, and Sherlock saw that here was where John had learned his self-control, his ability to funnel anger the way good landscaping channeled water away from a house’s foundation.
“So this morning Chloe realized there was no way you were going to marry Elyse,” said John. “Which set things back quite a bit, I’d imagine.”
“We’ll see about that,” said Henry, turning to leave, and through the entry window John spotted a pack of hounds waiting in the drive along with the horse he supposed Henry must have ridden over from Corring Hall.
“Really? Because I’ve heard different. You’ve been holed up here for almost a week, like an eagle guarding an injured chick.”
And with that, Mr. Watson appeared satisfied. He clapped a hand against Sherlock’s arm. “Good man,” he said. “I’m sorry we didn’t get to meet you sooner, but John seemed to want to keep you all to himself whenever we asked.”
Ignoring him, John grabbed his overnighter (the garment bag he decided he had no use for) and went back to the green room to gather the remainder of his things.
“I see you have a love of historical homes,” said Sherlock, and Mrs. Grossman turned rosy with pleasure.
Half the face was visible; everything else was covered. The cheek had a bruise along the bone; John thought he might need to x-ray it for fractures.
John slipped the ring box into his jacket pocket and wandered toward the little city’s center. Checking his watch he saw he had some time before he was supposed to meet Sherlock at a local café, Sherlock having gone off to get them new mobile phones. So John meandered a bit, unconsciously fiddling with the box, thumbing it slightly open only to allow it to snap closed again until it gave him a start by pinching him.
SHERLOCK SAVED HER the trouble; he was already eating when Irene got back to the restaurant, and she took the chair across from him at the little table where he’d been seated and moved it to sit next to him instead. “Hungry?” she asked.
Sherlock fought the urge to push John away. Or pull John to him; he wasn’t sure, if he were to reach out in that moment, which he might do. Either way, touching John was not a risk Sherlock was prepared to take.
John waited for her to order him out of the house, which would have been fine by him because suddenly he was too tired to care any more; he just wanted to go home and be done with this insanity. But Gerrie appeared to be speechless. She just kept blinking at him, unable to salvage the situation with any kind of polite gloss.
Charles paled. “Nothing!” he said. But the wicked twinkle returned to his eyes. “Nothing he didn’t enjoy, that is.”
She went to a wall cabinet and pulled out a blanket, which she brought to John. He took it but hesitated to throw it over Sherlock. “I should just get him back to the flat.”
John needed no additional prompting, but he froze when he saw the horse standing in the drive. “Can’t we walk?”
John returned and set three sauce cups of varying colors on Sherlock’s keyboard. “Which one is which?” Sherlock asked.
Harry was waiting impatiently in the entry and, with more forbearance, John’s parents and Irene; even Mycroft was there, though he hung back. “I feel like I’m going on some kind of long voyage instead of just up the road for a sleepover,” John told them, trying to keep things light, though the slight tremor in his voice gave away his nerves.
“Anonymous tip,” said Lestrade. “Look, you can’t shoot him,” he went on when Sherlock showed no sign of lowering his weapon.
The storeroom consisted of tall racks of drawers, some shallow and others deeper. Against the far wall were shelves for even larger items; Sherlock glimpsed busts and statue fragments, various stoneware and metal items that might have bore closer inspection if he’d had the time or inclination.
“It’s all right, Mrs. Hudson, I’ll manage,” John told her. “Just be sure to close the door on your way out, if you wouldn’t mind.”
“There’s not even any bruising,” Sherlock told him as he sat on the edge of the bed and began to unbutton his shirt.
“So what did John do to incur your wrath?” Irene asked. “Aside from get sick at an inconvenient time?”
“NEW GUIDEBOOK IS in,” said John, dropping it on the table. “And Mrs. Grossman says the new painting has been put up in the long gallery.”
“You’re so busy seeing everything he isn’t, you don’t see him for what he is,” John said. “He’s amazing, in case you hadn’t noticed. And no, he doesn’t work for the Home Office, and he doesn’t play the piano, and his personal skills are, well, practically nil, but if you’d quit trying to make him into someone he isn’t, you might be pleasantly surprised.”
But Irene shook her head. “I was . . . unkind. Said something I shouldn’t have. It hurt his feelings, and you know how he gets.”
Sherlock lay back down. “Tell Mycroft when he gets in . . .” If there were more to that thought, it didn’t make it past Sherlock’s lips.
“Yes, they do,” Lestrade agreed. “But it’s usually on something we can identify. Whatever these people are using—it’s nothing we’ve ever seen.”
JOHN TRIED NOT to dwell while changing his clothes, and whenever he started to dwell, he told himself the stress and strain of planning was to blame for the flares of temper both he and Sherlock had been subject to of late. It was one thing after another: guest lists and seating charts, menus, flowers, invitations, tailors, photographers, music, and now cake. Add to all this the fact that Sherlock was far from his natural habitat of the intensity of London, that John continued to be restricted by doctors’ orders, and that Irene had put them in separate bedrooms, and the result was a steady decline in goodwill from all sides.
John imagined Sherlock watching them out of the corner of his eye, silently exulting in John’s discomfort. “My hands weren’t steady enough.”
John got serious again then, Sarah saw; with every few pulls of the thread through the wound, he would pause and glance at Sherlock’s face as if trying to discern something. Was he wondering what had happened? Sarah was certainly curious, but it wasn’t her place to demand answers. She knew from experience that John and Sherlock sometimes fell into bizarre situations, though it was clear to her that whatever had happened to Sherlock was serious—call-the-police serious, even. Had they? Probably not, she decided, given that Sherlock had refused to so much as go to the hospital.
, Sherlock thought. He mentally calculated the odds. Moriarty was either going to kill him or he wasn’t; complying with his wishes wasn’t likely to have an effect on the outcome.
John tried to shrug but received a stabbing pain from his right shoulder for his effort. “All your things are still there.”
John checked his watch. “Well, I have a little more than three hours before I need to be to the clinic, so . . .” He opened his hands. “What do you suggest?”
They were both quiet, as if contemplating this fact. Then John said, “He notices everything, Irene. But no matter how perfect you make this ceremony, if you think he’s going to mention it, much less thank you for it . . .”
, Elyse,” said Sherlock. “I may not like them, but I know their uses; they smelled something on you—guilt or fear. What could you have been afraid of, I wonder? Not John; a pretty girl has nothing to fear from him—”
He’d spent that first summer sleeping in Sherlock’s old room, despite the gloomy décor that did nothing to lift his mood, because it still smelled a little like him with his soaps in the bath and his leather riding boots in the corner. But when the ache of expecting Sherlock to turn the corner any moment became too severe, John had moved into the master suite, which he’d stripped of scarlet and dressed in soothing shades of cobalt and royal blue touched with gold and silver. Sleeping there was like sleeping inside the night sky, and there were days—like this one—when John wished he could float there indefinitely, cradled by the cosmos.
“No,” Sherlock answered for his flatmate. “He was telling Charles to stop molesting John. Which, knowing Charles, would be counterproductive, since there’s nothing he likes more than tasting forbidden fruit. So to speak.”
That brought Irene to her feet. “If he is, he has every right to be, and so do I! What you put him through—no matter what reasons you had for doing it—was cruel. So maybe he
And he wasn’t the least bit curious about what Sherlock was doing at the Ritz. Nor did he care what this gilded lily was.
This man had been his chemistry instructor and something of a mentor, at least at first. And maybe even at the end, though the course of study had certainly changed. This man had gone to prison on Sherlock’s account. Who was he to say no?
John glanced back again at Elyse’s white face, her wide eyes, and felt he had to do something. “Sit!” he said, and a few of the dogs actually did, while a couple others cocked their heads as if considering. But at least none of them were growling now. John stepped right, and the dogs watched but didn’t move. And so John walked in a sort of large circle, coming around Henry so that he could see the dark blossom of blood staining the man’s shirt and jacket. He’d been hit square in the chest, had probably already been dead when Elyse had come across him.
“Can’t take up valuable space in your brain with that kind of thing, I suppose,” John muttered. “What made you ask about Fiver?”
So Sherlock perched himself on a chair he’d positioned beside the sofa and waited, watching the way John’s eyelids trembled and chest rose and fell, irregularly at first but slowly settling into a normal rhythm. He checked John’s pulse and found it steady. It wouldn’t be long. In the meantime, Sherlock drank in the sight of him; he hadn’t expected to have the opportunity.
“Appetite coming back? That’s a good sign.” Irene took Sherlock’s arm and took him in search of lunch.
“I’m not acting like anything. An old friend has come a long way to see me; why shouldn’t I be allowed to have her visit?”
“Sherl,” she said in a low voice, “it’s not like you to jump to conclusions before having all the facts.”
“That it has something to do with Markham’s portfolio and the work he’d been hired to do at Lambeth.”
But it was too late by then, and eating from real plates felt more civilized at the very least. John brought Sherlock’s to where he sat at the computer, and when Sherlock ignored it, John set it down, taking care that it wasn’t in a spot likely to get it knocked over. John speculated that Sherlock probably wouldn’t notice it until much later, perhaps after having dipped a sleeve in it, only to become annoyed that (1) his sleeve was soiled, and (2) his food was cold.
Mycroft’s expression remained neutral, though his eyes narrowed a little before dropping back to the paper in his hand. “You realize he’s behind you.”
Sherlock shifted his attention to her, the directness of his gaze holding her in place. Contrary to what many might have believed, Sherlock had a vivid imagination; he needed such a one in order to visualize pieces of the cases he worked on so that he could snap them together when creating the bigger picture. He was not given to daydreams or flights of fancy, only rumination. But there were still large gaps in the puzzle he was currently working on, and for some reason this time he was having difficulty stopping his imagination from running loose.
Stunned by this seeming non sequitur, this leap in logic from his thoughts to reality, it took John a moment to formulate a simple, “What?”
John understood he was being guided; he looked down and was able to focus on the floor right in front of his feet. It seemed uneven. The earthquake had done some damage, apparently; he hoped the foundation was sound. “Should check . . .” he began, because he was sure there was something he should check, probably many things, much work to be done. But he couldn’t pull the words together.
Then again, maybe Sherlock would be happy to see this Charles again . . . Was Mycroft attempting to position John between the two of them?
And now John flushed slightly in that sweet way he had, which used to exasperate Sherlock but now made Sherlock want to go kiss him, a lot, though that probably landed on Dr. Ruskin’s list of prohibitions. And John was thinking the same thing, Sherlock guessed, based on the way he was growing steadily redder.
“Yes, but when we do, Sherlock can’t figure out how to get in or out, and a cat flap would defeat the purpose,” said John, making his way toward his bedroom. “Just give me a minute.”
John picked up the book once more and opened it at random. A diagram of some sort, surrounded by written notes. He flipped to another page and found a list of names, dates, places, and more notes. It appeared the book in question was nothing more than a casebook in which Sherlock recorded information and made observations. Which made John feel less guilty about having touched it but didn’t help him in his current quest.
They lay in companionable silence for some minutes before John said, “I guess we should get dressed for dinner then.”
John wanted always to be that something. This was what he thought as he stepped onto the dais, at least until Harry distracted him by snarling an oath under her breath after she accidentally snagged her heel in the hem of her dress. Mycroft’s eyebrows rose, and he signaled the Register to begin.
Inside he found a bloodstained shirt, an unmarked DVD, and two lengths of rope—the remnants of their most recent adventure. John quickly closed the box and set it aside.
“She . . . stayed a while to—to help me sort through your things,” John retorted with flustered indignity.
“Well, now, that’s not exactly true,” Irene countered. “We spent some time together . . . after . . .”
“Not usually.” Sherlock stopped in front of John and leaned in. “It wasn’t the wine; you didn’t have that much to drink,” he reflected.
Was this man talking to him? John didn’t think so, but he liked the rise and fall of his voice, all singsong like a strange lullaby.
Sherlock was opening the drawers in the night table on John’s side of the bed. “Ah, here,” he said, extracting a small, black, rectangular box. “You wanted me to be nice to her.”
“You know them better than I do,” Sherlock pointed out. “And I’m not exactly a favorite at Corring Hall.” He emerged from the closet with a garment bag and laid it on the bed. “What else do you need?”
“My God, look at you,” Charles said, and the admiration in his voice was meant to make Sherlock feel good—on some level, Sherlock was aware of this—but it only served to drive him back a step the same way a blast of heat might. Sherlock became acutely aware of his increased heart rate, his rapid breathing, his shoulders tensing.
“What? Yes. Well, no, not—” Mycroft waved a hand at John’s plate. “I came to find out about your progress.”
“You heard me,” John told him. He wasn’t sure he could bring himself to say it again. “Two hours. Where and how do you want me?”
“Probably not,” Sherlock agreed, finishing off the biscuit and heading for the stairs. “My horse can be especially loud. Gee up, John.”
“But so much more fun than sitting around an empty flat with nothing to eat,” Irene pointed out. “I saw your cupboards; I don’t know how the two of you haven’t died of starvation. Though you look close.” She gave John a poke in the ribs.
At length Charles’s gaze moved to where Sherlock was busying himself in the kitchen. “Yes. It’s been ages. Sherlock was a stellar pupil.”
“We,” said John, and Sherlock realized with a chill that John thought he’d meant to include Moriarty in that pronoun.
“If you were in the hospital, and your mother and brother were threatening to visit, wouldn’t you want John there?” Irene asked.
Immediately Sherlock recalled the framed photo of Lambeth that had been leaning against the wall at Markham’s flat. He’d thought at the time that it had been an uninteresting choice for an architect, but he knew better now.
Irene, meanwhile, was not to be denied; she thrust the bear at Mycroft so vigorously, he had no choice but to take it or let it fall at his feet. He looked so incongruous standing there with the oversized stuffed animal between his hands (he didn’t go so far as to clutch it so much as hold it away from himself as though to keep it from shedding on his suit), that John was forced to bite the inside of his cheek to keep from laughing.
John sighed. Anything would be better than enduring Harry’s incessant questions. “Let’s get on with it,” he grumbled, pushing past her.
“Yes, but not with you.” They sat in silence for a moment, both of them moving food around more than eating. Then Sarah said, “You terrify him, you realize.”
Sherlock almost strained himself in his attempt to keep from rolling his eyes, but at least he was successful. He slapped on a charming smile. “Yes. An old friend.”
At any rate, he should use this opportunity to soothe whichever of John’s feathers he’d apparently ruffled. Letting John feel useful by playing doctor would be a start.
“Fine,” Sherlock said, but he sounded strained. He pushed open the door with more force than was really necessary, sucked in a breath, and launched himself free of the car. After closing the door, he leaned forward against the side, gathering his reserves for the next move. “The rings?” he asked.
After eating and drinking too much and sitting for slightly too long, Sherlock suggested they walk. And although John was tired—they had walked so many cities, towns and villages—he agreed. Because he was having a lovely time and didn’t want it to end.
A split second before the gunshot, John became aware of movement nearby. A few moments after the gunshot, once he realized he hadn’t actually been shot, he opened his eyes.
“That must be the most fascinating piece of mail you’ve ever received,” Irene remarked. “And you do too. You get this way when your feelings are hurt.”
“How many times do I have to tell you? Call me Gerrie, dear. And I think we both know why you’re here.” There was a pause. “I thought they were in there.”
“A large pond or a small lake, depending on who you’re talking to,” Gerrie said, carrying over the teapot and cups on a tray. “Sherlock, bring the biscuits.”
But no matter. John would take it—neatly nested in its black leather case that was stamped with Victoria’s insignia—to the Ritz as requested. If Sherlock was in an agreeable mood, maybe they would have dinner together. Though given that it had taken John half the day to bring this item to him, the chances of Sherlock being at all agreeable seemed remote.
When he came to a place where it appeared several cars had stopped, John pulled over for a better look. He couldn’t make much sense of the tracks, but he counted no fewer than four different sets of tires. He took some pictures with his cell phone and e-mailed them to Mycroft.
John blinked at her. Suddenly he felt bad that she’d gone to so much trouble when it seemed unlikely that he would remember much of it. Already things were blurring inside his head.
John didn’t want to, but he leaned forward to sip from the straw while That Man held the glass. The rabbit settled a bit. Sensing victory, John gulped more.
“If you can’t remember, it’s been too long,” said Irene, giving his arm a tug. “Come on, let’s go get some brain food.”
At any rate, Sherlock would have the gun. He’d taken it, hadn’t he? He must have. He wouldn’t be idiot enough to go on this errand without it. But just to prove it to himself, John went to where his jacket hung by the door and reached into the pocket.
Sherlock watched understanding break over John’s features like dawn over a horizon. “Well, I do . . . like helping,” John admitted. “Not that I’m much help.”
“And I have a show tonight. I was going to force you to come, but I’ll let you use the time for whatever you need to do, so long as you join me and a couple of my friends afterward.”
Sherlock began pulling loose sheets of paper from various stacks, many of them featuring sketches of buildings. “Disorganized for an architect, too,” he reflected.
Patrick watched as the door swung shut behind her then turned to Sherlock. “So! What can I do for you that your doctor here can’t? Just a joke!” He added when he saw John’s expression. “I’d like to keep my other cheek in one piece.”
In the handful of seconds it had taken for Sherlock to complete this mental process, he had crossed the room, trailing Irene as she returned to the side of John’s bed opposite Harry. “John,” Irene was saying quietly, “Sherl’s here.”
“The organization isn’t made up of barbarians,” Moriarty said. “I’m sure they were allowed to pick their poison.”
“Right, right,” Mr. Watson said, all indulgence now, though Sherlock didn’t entirely trust it. “We’ll have plenty of time later, I’m sure.” He gave Sherlock’s arm another pat, and as Sherlock walked away, he wondered at how strange the interaction was between men and their adult sons. Not that he knew from experience; Sherlock had been eight when Terrence Holmes had passed away, and he could not imagine what it would be like to have his father there now. Mycroft was bad enough without anyone else trying to take care of him. Though Sherlock suspected his father would have been less invasive than his brother.
But Sherlock was frowning. “All this fresh air gives me a headache.” He resumed walking, his pace faster than before. “What will you do with it, do you think?”
And while that meant more work for Irene, something inside John gave a tiny leap of joy because it felt good to know that, to Sherlock, something mattered. The color of hydrangeas, or his late father—Sherlock was like a canyon with a river flowing deep at his core. The surface was rock, seemingly immobile. But as the saying went, still waters . . .
Sherlock paused, then did as she asked with a small smile, wondering if she’d look, but she didn’t. Instead she stood there and beamed and pointed out the finer features of the room, and Sherlock pretended it was all new and interesting to him.
SHERLOCK FORCED HIMSELF to maintain a steady gait, despite the roil of internal conflict. On one hand he was eager to see John, but on the other he continued to worry that he would do or say something to upset John all over again. He hoped Irene had smoothed the way for him, though when he saw her making faces from the doorway, Sherlock was compelled to stab down a surge of panic. Did John not want to see him after all?
His politeness won him a half smile. “Well then, I suppose we should all be glad you’re alive and well. But where have you been these past two years?”
“I’ve always called him that. He hates it,” she admitted, “but I can’t seem to help it. You’re a doctor, so maybe you serve a medical purpose?”
“Well, worrying about you did.” Mycroft nudged his brother toward the door. “Now, the sooner you get some rest, the sooner you can be back here irritating the staff.”
SHERLOCK REFUSED TO answer any questions during the cab ride back to the flat, and John was left champing at the bit until his flatmate was settled on their sofa.
John nodded and gave one of the hands a squeeze, just for show of course. Though it occurred to him as he returned to where their guest sat on the sofa that Charles probably hadn’t been able to see it.
Sherlock returned and added John’s grooming supplies to the growing pile. “Irene originally planned to go with you herself, but I reminded her how much she will be needed here tomorrow.”
“Call my sister?” John guessed, but he knew this wasn’t true. He would never waste his last hours on earth on the phone with Harry. “Why? What would you do?”
“He’s been busy.” Sherlock’s phone buzzed and he pulled it back out, checked it. “He’s on his way now, though, if you want a chance to catch up.”
“It’s better not to make definite plans; it’ll make us harder to track,” said Sherlock as he headed for his bedroom.
John blinked rapidly as if to clear his vision of a mental image. “I don’t think I want to know this.”
“He wasn’t trying to be literal, John. And it makes sense. The Templars were excommunicated, their assets taken back by the Catholic Church and the crown. The Martlets must think there’s something at Lambeth Palace that belongs to them, and they want it back.”
“It’s coming,” Sherlock assured him. “I saw the way the birds attacked the feeder on the boathouse this morning; they always act up before a storm.”
Mrs. Grossman did not appear entirely satisfied with this response, but she also had no way of making the man stay if he didn’t want to, so she walked him back downstairs, though she stopped short of opening the door just yet. “Maybe you should just rest a minute, have something to eat.”
“Sherlock?” The bedspread had fallen away from the rest of the detective’s torso, revealing a constellation of bruises, scratches, lacerations, and what John was almost positive were burn marks.
Lestrade took that as his cue to depart. “We’ll start looking into it on our end and let you know what we discover.”  He glanced at Sherlock, who had turned to stare out a window, then said to John, “Look after him, will you?” John nodded and Lestrade shut the door softly behind him.
Sherlock grimaced in forced acknowledgement of his and Lestrade’s shared concern for John. “Drive me to the hospital and I’ll explain on the way.”
To his surprise it was the shorter one who answered; for some reason he’d assumed the taller man would be in charge. “Mr. Mycroft asked us to, yeah.”
“The old woman who was murdered last night had one. It was the only thing her nephew could find missing from the house. Family heirloom of some kind.”
“Don’t touch it,” Sherlock said when John reached out. Sherlock stepped around him for a better look. “Tarot card.”
“You’ve been shot, for one,” Sarah pointed out, referring to an incident some months past. “And even when you aren’t physically hurt, he never takes your feelings into account.”
John walked over as Sherlock pulled the sketch free. “It’s . . . interesting, I suppose,” he commented.
“Let’s go up to the music room,” Gerrie suggested as she rose, the men following suit. “Sherlock can play the piano for us.”
After wandering for a bit, they’d ended up in a Thai restaurant, and although John had been all for waiting, Irene had finally ordered them both something to eat. John had never seen someone so small eat so much so quickly.
“Mm,” John said again, though the uncompromising tone suggested to Sherlock that John disagreed. That and the way John seemed to be resettling himself as if to continue using Sherlock as a pillow.
THERE WAS, AT first, the momentary confusion of expecting to see one person at the door and finding instead someone else entirely. Coming hard on its heels was the frisson of recognition. It had been almost twenty years, there were more lines around the eyes and some salt in the dark hair, but yes, this was the man he’d known so intimately many years before. And in a dark and terrible flash, Sherlock was fifteen again, overwhelmed and powerless and utterly alone.
JOHN DREAMED, LIKE many a soldier, of coming home. But the house in his dream made no sense to him; some of the rooms he recognized from his childhood, some had the hallmarks of places he’d been or seen but had no special attachment to, others were dim and unfamiliar. He wandered through them, searching for someone, and at long last he came to a door. He knew, in the way one knows things in dreams, the door led outside to a large pond. And although John was sure the person he was searching for was out there, he was suddenly afraid to look.
She walked over to John’s bed and took a look at the chart. “Mmm,” she said, “looks like your friend got into a nasty fight.”
“And here are the stairs to the tower,” the man went on. “Sorry, they’re kind of . . . Well, they were designed so that not more than one person could go up or down at a time.”
Charles heaved a sigh and stood. “I’ll get what I want in the end, you know. You might as well close your eyes and pretend it’s Sherlock.”
John accepted the proffered mobile, but even as he flipped it open, Sherlock said, “Don’t call anyone.”
“Glad to hear it passes inspection,” said John, snatching it from Sherlock’s grasp. Unfazed, Sherlock moved on to the next one. “What’s that?” John asked.
“Maybe breaking it open would have risked the contents somehow. Or maybe Mycroft simply didn’t want to ruin it.” Sherlock opened his eyes as another thought struck him.   “Maybe . . . He had been asked by whomever gave him the box not to destroy it . . .”
“Nothing,” Sherlock replied, switching on a friendly smile of his own. “Thank you.” He began to scan the façade of the building.
“That you’re not dead, for one thing,” said John, suddenly angry, though whether it was with Sherlock or himself he wasn’t sure.
IRENE TOOK THE phone from John and pushed her nose near the phone’s small screen. “What are they doing?” She could see the hotel bed, and on the other side of it stood Christopher, facing her. He’d taken his shirt off but still had his pants on.
It was never anything Mycroft said; the older of the Holmes brothers had all of the social graces the younger lacked. It was the looks he gave John that made the doctor want to fidget like a schoolboy. Sherlock had led his brother to believe John was his lover long before it had been true, and John imagined this had much to do with the way Mycroft stared at him. As if John should know better, even if Sherlock didn’t.
“Okay, you know what?” John asked, snatching the sock from Sherlock’s grasp. He began swiftly pairing the footwear and in less than a minute had them done. “There.”
Irene laid a hand on his arm. “If there is one, we’ll find it,” she assured him. “Now, when was the last time you ate?”
John's drug habit is referred to as a "relapse" based on events in "Ganymede Cup." Sherlock says "heroin again" because the drug manufactured in that story was heroin based.
“Oh.” Gerrie took a moment to contemplate this. “I can’t imagine why you would choose such an unpleasant instrument, Sherlock. Sounds like a cat being strung up. John must be a saint to put up with it.”
John was at the outside door. “That’s what I’m afraid of.” He pulled the door open just in time to see Sherlock reach up as if to pull Elyse down, but too late; she pushed hard with the foot that was perched on the gunnel, and brought her other foot against it as well, effectively tipping her weight to one side and capsizing the boat.
“There has to be more to it,” Irene insisted. “A game wouldn’t have the ability to upset him so much.”
John tried desperately to think backward, to find the root of the problem. He had been at the flat. He’d been ready for bed, but Sherlock . . .
“Oh.” Sarah was momentarily stymied by this odd fact of bachelorhood. “We could just put the bedspread back over it,” she finally suggested.
“Maybe something interesting will turn up soon,” John said. “We can ask Lestrade if he needs help with anything.”
John only sighed and carefully laid the blanket over his sleeping patient. “Sherlock doesn’t do anything by halves,” he observed as they exited the room, closing the door softly behind them. “If he’s awake, he’s awake, and once he’s asleep . . .”
But she didn’t say anything more. She just held his face and stared, as if willing him to understand.
couldn’t afford to have Mycroft—or any of the others—see him. He’d have to text Irene instead. He leaned against the wall and pulled out his phone.
John surveyed the motley collection of cans on the counter and had to admit they weren’t a terribly appealing combination.
Sherlock thought about that for a moment, and what it might entail. “I don’t think you really mean that,” he concluded.
The housekeeper eyed him shrewdly. “It’s that man,” she said. “One of the old family from what I gathered. Did he give you a hard time?”
, but Sherlock had met her when he caught her shoplifting in a jewelry store on Marylebone High Street. He’d been too busy admiring her audacity to get her in trouble for it, though he’d made certain the three rings she’d palmed were returned. Irene’s idea of returning the favor had been to make Sherlock her pet project.
John stopped as well, closed his eyes briefly and summoned his patience. “He didn’t really say that. And I’m not wandering off. It’s work. You know, like what most normal people do every day?”
Sherlock was so startled he nearly jumped out of the chair, but after glancing at John to be sure he hadn’t seen (and of course he hadn’t, being sedated), Sherlock tested the chair again to the same result. So then he stood up and pushed the chair back, discovering it was designed to lay flat. Either that, or it was very broken.
“Whom should I take out today?” John asked. They tried to rotate through the horses so each got a chance to stretch his legs outside the paddock. Though there were some that John was not yet experienced enough to ride.
Relieved, Sherlock stepped toward them, but Christopher called back, “Okay, Irene; we’ll catch up later.”
“We’ve been through this, and we don’t need to do it again now.” John locked eyes with his flatmate and fancied there was a moment of honest, burning fury between them, though he wasn’t sure from what seed it had blossomed. His father had always told him to walk away when he was angry, and experience had shown him the value in that philosophy, but now John fleetingly wondered what it would be like to physically fight the man seated in the chair beside where he stood, to push him against the wall or to the ground or simply shake some common sense into him. Sherlock had knowledge in spades but he had plenty to learn as well.
do if he needed to prevent Moriarty or Mycroft from getting hold of his case notes? Destroy them, unless he needed to leave John or Lestrade a silent message, a clue. In which case . . .
“Oh, we’ll find someplace,” Irene assured him. She scooped up the bear once more and took a startled Mycroft by the arm, all but dragging him to the door. “You’re staying here, I guess, John?”
“Well, I don’t think the Dawsons would like to have the news of their daughter’s fiancé being found dead in bed with his lover all over the front page.”
“A hook-up, I think they call it these days,” said John as he emerged from Sherlock’s room, his cheeks flushed. But Lestrade had suspected for some time anyway, so what difference did it make now?
Sherlock took the final three steps to the door, had his hand on the knob, and had almost made good his escape when John added, “But I should at least thank you.”
John saw Sherlock’s shoulders fall a little; could it be he was making an impression? Finally? But all Sherlock said was, “I don’t have the energy for this right now.”
Sherlock sighed. Telling Lestrade he was in New York would be folly; the inspector wasn’t as quick witted as Sherlock, but he’d put two and two together when news of the burglary broke. So he answered with a vague
One of them was taller and thinner than the other, with darker and messier hair and fairer skin. The second man was shorter, sturdy though not at all fat, hair lightened and skin shaded by time spent in the sun.
SHERLOCK MET CHRISTOPHER’S gaze as he slipped his hand into Christopher’s pocket to retrieve his phone.
Knowing it would be useless to argue, and to do anything but what he was told would only cost him another phone, John sighed and slipped the cell into his pocket.
He was hurrying past the gatehouse when someone called, “Sir! Over here!” John glanced over, not sure whether he should keep walking or start running as a young man hastened toward him, clearly attempting to flag him down. In the end, John stopped altogether and waited on the pavement to see what the man wanted.
Sherlock stood and Irene followed suit. He handed her the take away box. “This should be a start,” he said.
But when he got within arm’s reach of Henry, one of the dogs began to growl. Then another. And soon he was faced with a dozen foxhounds standing at full attention and ready to set themselves on him.
it was the wrong answer. He never seemed to have the right one when it came to interpersonal relationships, and it only got worse when he dared to get closer. Reflexively, Sherlock took a step backward only to be rewarded with another glare from John.
Both Gerrie and Sherlock turned their full attention on John. “What’s that, dear?” Gerrie asked, and John knew she was giving him a way to retract his rudeness, but the spark of annoyance in him was only getting hotter.
Sherlock found ‘forever’ something of a stretch, but he’d known Irene Adler for at least a decade. She’d been in London with a not terribly good production of
John shot Sherlock a helpless look as he set the oversized plate on the counter so Gerrie could arrange a variety of biscuits on it. She fussed over it so, he felt it was going to be a shame to ruin her careful design by actually eating any.
Compared to Sherlock’s haphazard “system” of organization in the shared living space, his bedroom was almost unsettlingly void of clutter. Indeed, impeccable style aside, the simplicity bordered on monastic, and for a moment John worried that there was nothing to find. But then, Sherlock didn’t spend any especial amount of time in the room, either, the previous afternoon and evening notwithstanding. As best John could tell, his flatmate dressed there and sometimes slept there (he was just as likely to sleep on the sofa, or even in a chair), and that was about it. If Sherlock were going to store something out of the way, and assuming he wouldn’t put said item(s) in a lockbox at a bank somewhere, then his bedroom would be the place to do it.
Sherlock’s expression was cold, and John thought of how Sarah had called him unkind. Lestrade, meanwhile, looked distinctly uncomfortable, until Sherlock said, “He knows. Not the details, but enough.”
John had come to understand enough about his companion that he knew not to take the words personally, difficult as that was. Because so little affected Sherlock, he often failed to consider that he might yet affect others unthinkingly, that his words and actions might bruise places that couldn’t be seen. These invisible spaces were not frequented by Sherlock; indeed, he was as uncomfortable as a child in church when cornered in them, and as such he became fidgety and irritable—just as he was now.
Sherlock darted a look in the direction of the men Demetria had teased and was forced to agree with her assessment. “Thank you,” he murmured.
Sherlock ignored the barb. “And he’s been using the information I had saved on my computer to infiltrate and destroy Moriarty’s network. When that’s done, it will be safe for me to come home.”
These words were familiar. John had said them himself not so many days before. They’d been playing . . . pretending . . .
Two hours since the last message, which was quite a stretch where Sherlock was concerned. And was he being sarcastic now? Then again, he was at the Ritz for whatever reason, so maybe Sherlock really was having a nice afternoon.
John dropped his gaze to his feet, but a flash of blue caught his eye. The ring. He wasn’t used to it yet. Oh, it was light enough that he almost didn’t realize he was wearing it. It was seeing it that threw him. And seeing it reminded John that he was there for a reason, he’d come because he cared, which was motive enough. Never mind the rest.
It made her seem like someone he knew, as opposed to someone he’d worked hard to avoid, and Sherlock was momentarily nonplussed. But only momentarily. He looked away, and Harry mumbled something like, “I’ll be waiting in the car, Johnny,” and pushed past her parents to step outside.
“In a what? A bath?” John asked. He turned to look at Sherlock, wondering why Irene had lost all her color. But Sherlock’s expression was studiously neutral. “I don’t have time now for all that,” John explained. “As it is, Sarah will be here any minute.” He pulled free of Irene once more and trudged toward the bathroom, pausing at one point to steady himself with the back of a chair.
Sherlock sighed. “I thought at first they were involved romantically. Henry would have used Elyse as an excuse not to make the relationship legitimate; he would never have displaced his sister as hostess of Corring in favor of a housemaid. Chances are he told Chloe that they could make their relationship official only after Elyse was married. Whether or not he really meant it is suspect, but . . .” Sherlock shrugged.
If the endearment surprised Sherlock, it never showed. He blinked once, twice, and then replied mildly, “Yes, of course.”
And so Sherlock was on the precipice of sleep when John stirred and asked drowsily, “How was New York?”
“Anyway, I need to go find my shoes. And my car. I’ll leave the kit here in case you get ambitious. Or bored.” John reached down and scooped up his jacket from where it had been discarded earlier. He was pulling the door open when Sherlock said, “Chloe did it.”
“Not getting a fever, are you?” John stood up and moved as if to touch Sherlock’s forehead, but Sherlock drew back.
“We’ll have to limit the alcohol we serve at the ceremony,” said Sherlock thoughtfully, and to his surprise Irene nodded agreement. “He told you?”
He put the book back again, then looked at the chest-of-drawers. Deciding that looking through Sherlock’s socks and underwear would be a last resort, John moved on to the closet. Ignoring the hanging shirts, suit coats and trousers, he went right for the boxes stacked at the bottom. They were the kind one bought to keep old pictures or letters in, exactly the sort of thing John was looking for.
The house itself was not as impressive as the land around it; it stood in a cleared area with the trees stretching off around it, it’s red brick façade fronted with a Doric portico. It was large enough, John figured, but the countryside would have many much larger houses. This was not the seat of an earl, but it was the home of a gentleman.
“Must have been some fight,” said Sarah, turning to look at where Sherlock was flipping through someone’s stack of messages.
“For the love of Christ, Denise, leave them be,” Mr. Watson said, adding, “Carry on, lads,” before pulling the door closed again.
“Series of hits on large museums. Been keeping it relatively quiet; the museums don’t want anyone to know and the law doesn’t want to encourage anyone else to try. It’s all been Europe and the UK thus far, but our best guess is that New York might be next.”
Irene handed John the bandage, which he used to cover the hole, affixing it on three sides so that one side remained open to maintain the air pressure in Sherlock’s chest.
“You spoke to a lot of people while you were . . . unwell. But you spoke to him most often,” Sherlock told him.
From where he stood behind his brother’s left shoulder, Mycroft was demanding to know how Eoin had gotten past security, the answer seeming to be, “He had an invitation, sir!” Meanwhile, Eoin was yelling loudly, “You were happier, John! You were happier when he was dead!” until Inspector Lestrade told him to shut up and clocked him for good measure.
John started to put the letter back in his shoe, then remembered he needed to wear the shoes. He slipped the page into the interior pocket of the suit jacket instead, where he found a business card had been placed. At first John assumed it would be the card of whoever sold the suit (it was a very nice suit), but upon inspection he saw it was one of Mycroft’s. The back had a quick note scrawled on it.
If he was to be subjected to this—and if John really was at risk—then why not make use of what arms were available? He had little to lose, even if Moriarty did betray him. But Sherlock had one more question. “If you’re not with them, how did you come by the ring?”
“She identifies as one, yes. She’s a drag queen. She’s doing a show here tonight; maybe we can stay and watch.”
“It would depend on what you value. In any case, Mycroft knew I wouldn’t do the job, so he went for what he must have thought would be the next best thing. Though I’d be interested to learn who recommended Jim for it.”
“Mr. Moriarty funded my research with the understanding that I would develop something useful. To him, that is. Which I’ve done, I think; it’s down to the fine tuning.”
“Breakfast?” John suggested hopefully. His stomach was making him keenly aware he hadn’t had dinner the night before.
“Not much,” John told him. “I remember . . .” He glanced at Sherlock. “His hands were dry. They felt like paper.”
“Gone to New York, I’m afraid,” Charles informed him. “We’ll see if he comes back for you, eh? After all, he never did for me.
“Good thing you were here,” she went on, and Sherlock deducted a few points for lack of observation. Anyone who’d been paying attention should have been able to put at least a fair amount of the puzzle together. And anyone who’d done that would not have thanked Sherlock for being present.
And suddenly understanding there had been no earthquake—at least not in the ordinary sense—John collapsed.
“You’re too sweet for your own good,” said Irene. “Fine. I’ll take it and give it a good home.” She snatched the bag from him and led the way out to the car park where a deep blue Alfa Romeo Brera waited.
“Not conspicuous at all,” John muttered. It took some creativity on his part, but he finally managed to stuff their bags into the boot at the front of the car. He was trying to figure out how to fold himself into the driver’s seat when Mrs. Hudson appeared at the door to their building. She held a small cool box in her hand.
When it became clear Sherlock wasn’t going to make an introduction, John offered his hand. “John Watson.”
“You should at least be nice to me if you want my help. Okay, so this guy kidnaps your roommate and says if you want him back you have to steal this . . . whatever it’s called.”
John hurried to catch up. “I’m sure she didn’t mean it. That she’s sorry. She loves you a little, you know.”
“I meant that literally, not figuratively,” Sherlock told him, his eyes roving over the building’s façade. “I need to get in here.”
SHERLOCK CLEARED HIS computer space of the untouched naan and sauces. He fished the ring out of the urn and returned it to its box. Then he took Markham’s scrapbook from the side table, returned to the computer, and began work in earnest.
Sherlock was forced to stop his progress under John’s strength. He hadn’t wanted to wake John, but it appeared that was going to be the only way to win freedom. “John,” he murmured.
Then the quiet was sharply broken by the chiming of Sherlock’s phone. He pulled it from his pocket and frowned, then blanched, staring at the screen for a long moment before stowing the device once more as the two men rounded the corner.
Sherlock didn’t argue, didn’t ask for John’s input or suggest that he stay. This, somehow, was worse than a dismissal in John’s mind. It tasted of disregard. And though John felt he should probably be used to it by now, he could never bring himself not to take it personally.
“It’s clearly no surprise to you, if you had—Michael, was it?—looking for me. You told him you were Markham?”
They were, of course, the two who had been at the club earlier, both of them burly though only one was tall. The shorter one showed signs of having had his nose broken, either once very badly, or more likely several times. His head was shaved; the taller one had short, dark hair. Both had mean, dark eyes. And, in Sherlock’s opinion, both looked utterly ridiculous in their American clothing, like terrible caricatures of what they supposed tough American men must be.
Not that Sherlock not answering meant anything; he hated talking on the phone. So John tried a text instead.
He thought of Eoin, who was so earnest and clumsy, and who, for whatever reason, really liked John. Eoin, who would never pretend to be dead and then travel the world while leaving John to grieve. Life with Eoin would never be terribly exciting, true, but it was safe and it was stable, and it did not require John to carry a gun.
“Just go!” John shouted, unable to look at his once lover for fear it would break his resolve. The lump in his throat made it difficult to speak or swallow and his eyes were burning, but he refused to countenance the tears.
“Mm,” Sherlock replied. He sat on the sofa surrounded by socks, which he diligently held up one at a time before sorting them into two separate piles.
Sherlock shook his head slightly. “He’s not . . . any more . . . At least, I don’t . . .” Sherlock went to sit in a daintily carved chair that was set in a corner of the room and declared, “I need to think.”
Sherlock’s eyes were growing glassy, and John could see he was having difficulty pulling in breath.  Had the bullet nicked a lung?  “It was such a . . . nice day . . . no rain . . .”
“Can’t really see it that well,” said John, still peering at the monitor. “Maybe get a copy of the photo from the paper? Assuming it means anything. Maybe it’s nothing.” John came to realize he was only talking to fill the silence and was starting to think the more he said the stupider he sounded. “What are you doing?”
John stirred. “Takes about thirty minutes.” He rose and offered Sherlock his hand so that he could stand too. “You should go lie down at least.”
“He’s an important man,” said Gerrie, pegging John with steely regard, “and our name is his calling card.
THE SIRENS CONTINUED to blare as Sherlock slipped through the empty exhibits and down to the storerooms. He wasn’t worried about finding the lily—he was sure Moriarty had already done that—nor did he much care about getting the artifacts back. Lestrade and the police could do that. And yet, although Sherlock believed he had a significant amount of the mystery solved, he felt compelled to seek affirmation of his suspicions.
“All right,” Sherlock said. He was trying to be gentle, despite his underlying irritation; the subject obviously caused Irene distress. “Tell him I’ll be by to see him soon.”
“I’d feel better if you’d let me take a look,” John told him. When Sherlock continued to hesitate, John added, “If they’re really fine, then that will be the end of it.”
Sherlock didn’t reply. His eyes darted around the flat as if reading something in everything he saw.
Elyse’s sobs had been reduced to sniffles as she wiped at her eyes with the long sleeve of her shirt. She blinked tearfully in John’s direction. “How will we get him home?”
She gave John an appraising look. “You a doctor?” When John nodded, she said, “Then he’s lucky in more ways than one. I’m Dr. Matthews, by the way. He’s up here . . .” She stopped in front of a lift and hit the button.
There was a long, tense string of minutes during which the three of them said nothing and refused to meet one another’s eyes. Then Sherlock asked, “Anything else, John?”
“But not nearly as long to get it off,” Demetria told him with a wink. "Push up, Jonah, I got a show to go do.”
“I think you know what I mean, Eoin,” said John, trying to be gentle, though now that the decision was made, he felt impatience beginning to surface inside him.
At which point John laid his hands on a rather large book and threw it with, Sherlock discovered, very good aim. The tome would have clocked him directly in the head if he hadn’t shied. “That’s not helpful, John,” Sherlock said reproachfully.
Seeming to understand, Lestrade handed his mobile phone to Sherlock, who dialed the number he had memorized for his old friend, hoping it hadn’t changed in two and more years.
Sherlock stretched, and for the first time in a long while felt a sharp craving for a cigarette. Not that he had any. Nicotine patch would have to do.
“What?” Gerrie turned to find Sherlock stretched out on the sofa, his eyes closed, though she knew better than to believe he was asleep. “Goodness, Sherlock, I would have sat on you next. Sit up and give me some space.”
“Not that I’m aware of, but that doesn’t mean she doesn’t have a reason she considers to be valid.” They made the landing for the second floor, and Sherlock pointed to one side. “That’s the long gallery there.”
Decided he would go ahead and make some tea, then most likely order take away a little later since he’d cleared the cupboards and refrigerator before leaving for Weald House, not anticipating such an early return.
RECENT EXPERIENCE HAD taught John that if there was a chance Sherlock was being sent somewhere—or, God forbid, held somewhere against his will—a rapid response was necessary. No use asking Mycroft, though, where “home” might be, so John was left to delve into other resources.
“All of it. Everything. I’m sorry that he did this to you, and that I let him do it, that I wasn’t home that night and wasn’t faster—”
There was to be no processional in the traditional sense. Sherlock would go out with Mycroft to stand by him, and John would go out with Harry, God help him. A new fear struck. “She’s not drunk, is she?” he asked.
Irene shrugged. “A couple times. Guys who consider themselves smart or sophisticated or whatever like to take their dates there.”
She shot John a sympathetic look, one that somehow suggested they were in cahoots, which was ridiculous because John hardly knew her. “I need to know,” Irene went on slowly, “what you said to him.”
“Is that what you were doing when I got here.” Moriarty considered the slumbering figure for a moment. “If Sherlock does go to prison, I’ll let you keep this one as a souvenir. Make up for lost time.” He strolled to the door and stopped. “But no taste testing, Charles. I need him unspoiled a bit longer.”
Sherlock sat back in his chair, half tempted to get dressed and go right then. Should he wake John and take him along? John had been so strange about the whole thing…
John nodded numbly, but Sherlock wasn’t convinced his flatmate understood the scope of what was about to happen until John murmured, “I saw . . . in Afghanistan . . .
“He’s barely civil to John and wouldn’t be at all if it didn’t go against his breeding to be rude,” said Sherlock.
Special gratitude to my faithful readers and reviewers on FanFiction.net; if not for their continual encouragement, I might have dropped this exercise entirely. Instead, thanks to them, one story became a lucky seven.
He was on the verge of telling Elyse to go back to the house—either house—and get help when someone walking a horse appeared at the edge of the trees. At first John felt a flood of relief, thinking that it must be Sherlock out on his ride, but he quickly realized that wasn’t the case. This man had graying hair, and though tall he walked slowly.
On the sofa, John inhaled deeply, held the breath for a moment, then released it slowly before opening his eyes.
Irene grinned. “This isn’t about me.” She sat back again and said, “We’ll go have a look first thing in the morning.”
John fell back a step, his mind reeling as if he’d just taken a physical blow. “I don’t understand. I thought Mycroft sent you here.”
Also known as the Holmes-Watson house, Weald House was built in 1760 by Charles Baskerville of the neighboring Corring estate as a wedding gift to his daughter Sophie Baskerville Knill. In 1843, Robert Baskerville deeded the house to Siger Holmes as a form of payment for Holmes’ help with an unspecified problem at Corring Hall. Currently owned by Mr Sherlock Holmes and Dr John Watson. All proceeds from tours and events held at Weald House go directly toward upkeep of the house and grounds. Housekeeper Maude Grossman bakes fresh scones daily, and the Christmas festivities are not to be missed. Owner occupied May 1–August 31. Open Sept 1–April 30 for house tours, guided horseback rides and special occasions.
“And opinionated, and mean when she doesn’t get her way,” John went on. “Kind of like you, actually.”
Sarah squinted in the direction Sherlock had gone as if trying to see through to something. “He’s charming, in an odd sort of way—”
“Oh, you shouldn’t. But for your sweetheart’s sake, you don’t have many choices in the matter, do you?”
John knew he should be—he had been, just a while ago—but his appetite had fled. Or so he’d thought, until they went into the dining room and were greeted by the savory aroma of Sunday dinner. At which point John realized he was hungry after all.
“I’ve already been. I went this morning. But his new boyfriend was there, and his parents and sister were on their way, so . . .”
But Patrick was looking down at his hands. “It didn’t happen more than . . .” He held his palms up in his lap as if attempting to count.
Tim turned pink around the ears with pleasure at John’s faith in him, and John was in turn gratified to see he’d said and done the right things. Tim might be young, but he knew the ins and outs of managing a stable, and John wanted him to feel valued.
“What’s she talking about, John?” Harry asked, but John’s eyes were closing again. So she turned to Irene. “What do you mean?”
He didn’t particularly enjoy driving, and it had been a while since he’d last done so, but at least a fair portion of the route was the A1, which didn’t require too much thought. He’d been driving for two hours or so when the directions sent him off onto rural roads, and despite the tension that had haunted him all morning—he’d woken up with it, hadn’t he?—the deserted road and spring fields caused him to relax a little. Eventually he opened the car windows for some fresh air.
John rocked back on his heels as he tried to absorb this change of direction, and came near to falling backward down the hill. “Did you?” he managed to ask. Because now that the question had been introduced in his mind, he needed to know.
Feeling bleary and having lost his sense of time, John checked the clock and decided to shower and turn in for the night. While in the shower, his brain wandered and all at once he remembered the needles. John began to wonder whether he should just go take them, rather as a safety measure? Not that Sherlock couldn’t just go get more, but at the moment he wanted one, being forced to take the time to go and get one somewhere might provide enough of a buffer to make him rethink things.
Suddenly John was irritated with himself for having been drawn in by this woman’s insanity. He turned his back again. “I’m not any kind of program.”
“I’ll bet John never told you how pretty you are,” said Moriarty, and Sherlock could almost feel the lips brushing his. “Not his style, is it? But I’m sure he thought it.”
There was no immediate response and Sherlock was about to put his phone away when a final text chimed.
planning to attend. Now why don’t I just go see how Mrs. Grossman is coming along with lunch?” And with that she hastily retreated.
Sherlock cast an eye over John’s worn jumper and jeans. “I see what you mean. We’ll see what we can do; we have to find your things first.” He turned, ready to go, just as Chloe stepped through the doorway. She froze, her big dark eyes trained on Sherlock, watching him the way a person might watch a dangerous animal.
Irene grimaced and slowly began to walk back toward where the others were sitting. “Might look a little strange to walk in with a bundle of clothes.” Then her eyes lit up as an idea obviously struck. “The gift shop!”
Gerrie smiled. “Yes, well, and maybe some of my mulishness besides. I’ve left something on your bed. As for the keys, we’ll have to wait until Jeremy gets back; I’ve no idea where he’s put them.”
And at the end of it all, in the ruins of a once neatly made bed, John had been brave enough to wrap his arms around his lover as they fell asleep, something Sherlock normally didn’t enjoy, often citing his need for space. But that night, Sherlock had drawn closer, prompting John to tighten his hold. And Sherlock had murmured those three words that would haunt John later, from the moment he found the letter to the ambulance ride two years later:
“Nothing,” John replied, but he could tell by the pitch of his voice (too high) that it wasn’t convincing. “Nothing,” he said again, more evenly. “Sherlock is fine, I just . . .”
“Not that kind of coward. He was ready to shoot you and possibly me; my winging him unexpectedly wouldn’t have been likely to change his mind.”
“Some saint you would have made,” said John, and Sherlock winced. “Omission is still a sin.” He rose from his chair, took his plate and went into the kitchen.
Something thick was settling in his chest and throat, and John had the distant notion that this should worry him, but it didn’t. He closed his eyes and drifted, slowly sinking, letting the water close over him.
Movement in the bed caused John to look over his shoulder; Sherlock was shivering in his sleep. John stood and pulled the bedspread up. “Isn’t this where we started?” he asked himself as he settled into the armchair and began to doze.
“It would seem so,” Sherlock agreed. After a moment he added, “Lestrade has your gun, I’m afraid. I used it to break Charles’s nose, so it was taken with the rest of the evidence from the scene. I’ll see that you get it back.”
This was not the answer Sherlock had expected, and he took an involuntary step back as his tease backfired and ricocheted. “Your room?”
“I couldn’t very well leave him alone,” she said. “When I was around, he was less likely to take anything.”
“You have to look at it this way,” John told him thoughtfully, “but this would be the Thames.” He ran a finger along the wound he’d sewn up the day before.
“This one is . . .” Sherlock’s voice trailed, and John didn’t bother to ask him to finish his sentence; there was the distinct impression that there were no neat or handy words for the case at hand.
working. And I’ve been here from the minute I heard, and where was he? He didn’t even bring you flowers!”
But Sherlock was already turning toward the door. “I owe John some time away. And I haven’t asked for your help, have I?”
“John’s girlfriend,” Sherlock told him. Mycroft started to form a question, but Sherlock’s phone chimed. “Good show. Lestrade has the name of the person in possession of the third lily.” He rose. “Anything you’d like to add, Mycroft, before we leave?”
“I’m not filing an official report, nor am I pressing charges against anyone, so I don’t see that you have cause to investigate.”
John summoned the energy to turn toward the man who sat beside the bed. It took additional effort to open his eyes, even slightly. “Not Fiver.”
John appeared in the doorway and paused, much as Lestrade had done when he’d first arrived. The inspector was gratified to observe that John immediately recognized what he was seeing and had much the same reaction, a hesitancy to go any nearer.
Immediately, John had his own gun in hand. Military training kicking in, he looked to the broken window and tried to discern where the shooter might be now and from what direction the next attack might come. Was there more than one assailant?
“I didn’t!” John protested. “Miss Baskerville asked me for help, and I found the gun with the body.”
Sherlock stared unseeingly at the monitor while he mentally searched for the correct answer. He was sure there was one, something he was supposed to say or do that would make John feel better. The problem was Sherlock wasn’t entirely sure why John was upset. It was difficult to apply a bandage without knowing where a person was wounded.
If he expected the car to scold him, he was disappointed. Instead, all it said was, “Please wait while I calculate your route.”
Sherlock held the door for Irene as they entered the Great Hall. “Calyx. The name actually refers to the shape. What we’re looking for is a cup or vase.”
Sherlock wracked his otherwise well-stocked brain for something suitable and came up with, “Do either of your parents ride, John?”
“I’ll just have some naan,” said Sherlock, and after a moment John realized that had been his cue to get up and fetch said naan. Sighing, he set his own plate on the desk and took Sherlock’s lamb back to the kitchen.
The expression Sarah flashed at him as she passed on the way to John’s room bordered on loathing, though it was the ounce of pity in it that irritated Sherlock most. Striving to ignore it, he asked Lestrade, “What do we need to talk about?”
“We should . . .” Sherlock realized his eyes were closing, that he was dangerously close to allowing the sensation of John’s hand in his hair to derail him. He shook himself awake, throwing off John’s touch. “We should do the swab; they’re going to start wondering what we’re doing in here.”
Sherlock grew very still. He felt as if he were snatching at airborne threads and trying to weave them into something useful—a blanket, maybe, to ward off the chill growing around him.
That was when John hit him. And caught off guard, Patrick never had the opportunity to move out of the way, much less strike back. “Christ!” he said from where he landed on the scuffed and dirty floor of the waiting area. “I was trying to make you feel better!”
Sherlock ignored her. “And you’ve lived all your life with those dogs; you’ve never been afraid of them. But you were today. You wouldn’t cross them.”
There was a split second during which John considered ignoring her, but he’d need to ask her about the keys anyway, so he stopped in the open doorway. Gerrie was standing; Elyse sat in an overstuffed chair designed to invite reading or dozing, though she did neither, opting to stare out a window instead.
“Anyway, I was just wanting to pick Sherlock’s brain about why someone might bother to burn Markham’s things, seeing as Sherlock didn’t find any of it useful. But he was in something of a rush.”
The horse made the walk back to Weald House take longer than it should have, but even so, John was in sight of the stables inside of fifteen minutes. It and the “paddock” John supposed it was called (was that the word?) stood in a clearing on the east side of the house, though the trees beyond masked one from the other.
But Sherlock shook his head. “It wouldn’t have stopped him trying. I’ve spent enough time in his company to know.” He turned and looked at the windows. “There’s some other reason for his leaving.”
She took a look at John—all but asleep, shoeless, in flannel pants with no shirt and an insufficient (in her estimation) blanket over his shoulders—and said with undisguised disapproval, “Clearly.”
Sherlock supposed he could ask Mrs. Hudson if she remembered anything, but he wasn’t convinced he could rely on anything she might say.
He needn’t have worried. Waiting in front of their flat was a silver Ferrari F430 Spider with its top up.
Moving with renewed purpose, Sherlock made short work of the remainder of the path around the pond, leaving John worrying he might have to break into a jog to keep up. They passed the little boathouse, coming at it from the other side this time, before coming to the small lawn that separated the pond from the house. John followed Sherlock back through the kitchen, which smelled fantastic, reminding John he was running solely on toast and some tea biscuits.
“Hardly,” Sherlock scoffed. “John and I are now the only two people who know what it is and where it’s located.” He dropped the torn and burning sketch to the floor and stepped around it, moving for the door.
Sherlock pulled the bedspread the rest of the way down and flopped onto the mattress next to John. “Be sure to use my shower in the morning,” he reminded, just as his door flew open.
“Very good, John,” said Sherlock as he did a turn about the living area. It was smaller even than their Baker Street flat. The corners of the room were stacked with a few boxes and crates, most of them filled with books on architecture. A couple pieces of artwork leaned against the wall as if recently taken down. “Not very inspired, for an architect,” Sherlock remarked as he regarded them. One was a photograph of the Palace of Westminster and the other was of Lambeth Palace. Both looked like the sort of oversized print one might by in a tourist shop.
“Among other things, I would imagine.” Sherlock inhaled deeply. “John, they’re going to need a statement from you. I don’t think they’ll try to involve you in the court case directly because your testimony would be suspect, but they’re still going to ask you some questions  about . . . what you remember. Do you follow?”
“You’ve just completely disassociated yourself from . . . everything! And no matter how smart and wonderful you are, you need to deal with what’s happened!”
But when Irene’s eyes began to fill with tears, something in Sherlock fluttered in panic. “It can’t be that bad,” he said, to convince himself as much as Irene. “He’s here, he’s alive.”
She gave a little nod. Stopped to actually buy a soda. “Car keys,” she said, slipping them into John’s pocket. “I put your bags in the trunk. Er, boot?” she corrected.
“Oh, stop,” said Irene. She took his hand and flashed a smile at the large man standing by the entrance. “Fresh catch, Rainy?” he asked.
Irene sighed. “I guess planning a wedding on the fly is still better than planning a funeral. Okay,” she said, grabbing Sherlock’s arm, “we need to get started pronto. John, your job is to lay there and get better as fast as you can.”
“Redress my ribs,” Sherlock told her. “John’s singular focus on my physique is starting to make me uncomfortable.”
At last—and it couldn’t have taken long, though it felt like centuries—he’d stretched the tape enough to manipulate his hands, twisting them to create more room until he could pull them free. Then he carefully unlocked his arms, which had become stiff from being held behind him at an uncomfortable angle. Finally, Sherlock removed the blindfold-turned-gag and freed his ankles, all the while attempting to move as silently as possible.
John glanced back at where his father and Patrick were now deep in conversation, and Harry was once again oblivious to everything around her, then followed Irene to the hospital gift shop.
Sherlock stopped to give this statement his full consideration before saying, “I don’t see what that has to do with my ride.”
John tried to turn his head in the direction of his name but couldn’t quite manage. Then Sherlock appeared. John heard the thump and clatter of Sherlock discarding the gun as he focused his efforts on unknotting the ropes.
“I thought we could do with a real meal for a change. I’ve been living in fear that if I take you to one more lakeside café, you’ll start hurling sandwiches at me.”
Right. Except John wasn’t the least bit interested in being caught between Sherlock and his brother. Again.
“Go ahead, put it on,” Moriarty continued with a nod toward the box Sherlock held. “It’s yours now, for as long as they deem you worthy of it. Or does it bother you to wear it?”
Sherlock pushed through the split in the sparkling blue drapes at the back of the stage and wondered how he would get around to Irene, but he soon found he needn’t have worried. She was already waiting in the wings. “Who are they?” she asked.
“What I’m saying is, your first thought was what? To fly across an ocean and steal a priceless object from a famous museum? Because that’s really . . . I mean, if your first thought is to just give them what they want, that’s . . .”
Mrs. Hudson came through just then. “You’ve done it now,” she warned Sherlock. “He’s in an awful sulk. And that thing,” she added when she noticed what he was doing. “Do you have any idea how difficult it was to get that up the stairs?”
John felt a flush running up his body like so much heat, and he swayed a little closer to Sherlock as if drawn by a magnet. But he stood his ground. “Let’s see how you’re feeling after you get some sleep.”
As they laid the blanket out next to Henry’s body, the dogs came over to investigate. A few barked as they lifted Henry onto the blanket and wrapped him before transferring him to the cart.
“All right,” Mrs. Watson said again, “if you’re sure . . .” Her husband gave her arm a gentle tug and she obediently began to follow.
John looked to where Sherlock had taken up station in front of his computer. There was a way to test his theory, John reflected. He unfastened the topmost button of his shirt and asked in as conversational a tone as he could muster, “Anything useful?”
Upstairs, Gerrie heaved a sigh and turned a rueful gaze on John. “Good news travels fast, but bad news travels faster, I fear.”
Mycroft had put as much work into the day as Irene, albeit in less obvious fashion. He’d cleared Weald House as a site for the registration and arranged for the Register to perform the ceremony there. Sherlock would have been just as happy—or happier—in some civic building, but John had been set on having it at the house, and seeing as no one else on the planet was likely to ever put up with his brother, Mycroft felt the good doctor deserved at least that much consideration.
John was scowling. “You were kind of fine with not seeing him again, weren’t you? Even when it happened.”
“You want me to taste it for you and tell you if it’s spicy?” John asked him, feeling a bit as if he were talking to a child.
But then John had come out. And although Sherlock had steeled himself for recrimination, or a tirade, or even just plain incoherence, John had been quite reasonable, if a little bossy. But he hadn’t thrown anything at least.
Sherlock and John exchanged a glance. “I don’t really fancy it being chocolate,” John said tentatively. When Sherlock nodded, Irene made another pass, turning more cards down.
“How much trouble are you in for what you did to me?” asked Sherlock as he leaned against a stack of drawers.
There came another strangled sound from the living room. Sherlock realized that, like a good soldier, John was trying not to cry out, and knowing this only distressed Sherlock more. He worked harder, fighting the tape and ignoring the strain.
, John thought unkindly and was almost instantly sorry because he genuinely liked Irene), and under doctors’ orders and the watchful eyes—mostly benevolent and loving, too, yes, but always ready for gossip—of everyone around them, there was too much space between them. Never mind the two years they’d lost besides.
“The fentanyl should wear off before long,” said Dr. Matthews. “You can stay until eight; that’s when visiting ends. We ask that you only come up one or two at a time . . .”
“It’s been a difficult day,” Sherlock said, and John was touched because he understood this was Sherlock’s attempt to be sympathetic.
Sherlock shot John a look that was clearly meant to shut him up. Then turning back to Henry, he asked, “Where and when did you last see . . . Bailey, was it?”
Sherlock had gone to the sofa and begun organizing the mound of envelopes that had been dumped there. Irene approached slowly, trying for once to think about what she wanted to say before opening her mouth. “You have an interesting way of showing your affection,” she broached. “I’m used to it, but I don’t think John’s quite got the hang of it yet.”
The venom in Sherlock’s tone surprised John; even when he had no cases in London and was bemoaning the lack of crime, Sherlock had never sounded so bitter.
Sherlock inhaled, willing calm and control over his being, and opened his eyes. John was closer than he’d realized, leaning over him with a thoughtful, slightly worried expression. How had he not known this? How had he not felt the heat of another body this near to his? He couldn’t help but be aware of it now; the warmth lay over him like a blanket.
But Christopher said, “No, but she might end up at your place with . . . John, was it? You saw her cozying up, and you know how she is; she can turn someone inside out before they know what’s happening to them.” He finished off his wine and set his glass beside Sherlock’s.
“My coat’s somewhere,” Sherlock muttered, his eyes starting to rove again. “I’ll button it; it’ll be fine.”
With a sigh John started to set the case containing the lily on one of the various marble-topped tables when a voice said, “I’ll take that.”
Irene crossed her arms and looked at him reprovingly. “You can’t go around saying things like that to people. You’ll hurt their feelings.”
“Finally,” he muttered, assuming it would be Sherlock. But the message came from an unidentified number.
“God, no,” John said a bit too quickly, earning him a glint of interest from his companion. “Horses and I don’t get on,” he admitted.
“No.” Sherlock pulled back, but John held on. “Look, you’re amazing,” He told Sherlock earnestly. “That you’re even up and about is . . . A lesser man would still be in bed, if not under it. And you’re the most brilliant person I know, but humor me here. You absolutely need a medical consultation for your physical injuries, and right now there’s the very real possibility you’re having a post-traumatic reaction that’s causing you to overreact to things like gaps in the drapes.”
But even if Sherlock had drunk any of it, John reasoned, on an empty stomach it might easily have had a strong influence. Didn’t mean Mycroft had drugged him.
John watched for a minute, unsure whether to offer to help. He had told Sherlock to make his own tea, after all. But his flatmate was clearly agitated; maybe it was only fair for John to handle the domestic chores so that Sherlock could concentrate on his work?
Sherlock blanched. “I’d rather go to the show.” Which was saying something since, as good an actress and singer as Irene was, she had a tendency to get attached to dreadful productions.
“Henry Baskerville,” said Henry, giving John’s hand a firm shake. “You’re a sight smarter than Sherlock here, I’ll warrant.”
John pulled open a table drawer and pulled out his gun. “I’m coming with you.” He half expected Sherlock to argue, but the detective said nothing. Still, John waited until they were in a cab to say anything more. “What are you going to tell him?”
“And then I can match them by stains . . .” Sherlock murmured as he returned to sorting. “Make sure they’re mated properly.”
Immediately he felt better, and he saw Sherlock’s shoulders relax, too, as he pulled the door closed behind them.
“This is the post room,” the man told John as they entered a building. “They call it that because of the post.”
“If that’s supposed to make me feel better, it doesn’t!” John called after him before turning his steps toward his own room. There was no question that he would bring his medical bag, and he could get by on a handful of clothing—he wasn’t as fastidious as Sherlock about that kind of thing. His eyes swept the room, feeling as if he were forgetting something. Surely there was more to his life than what fit in one weekender?
Mrs. Grossman, who was starting to see which way the wind was blowing, shot Sherlock a look that suggested she’d like to give him something a lot less pleasant than a minute alone with her employer, but Sherlock didn’t see it. So she turned to John, a question on her face.
“No idea,” Sherlock admitted. Having examined the item in situ to his satisfaction, he yanked the knife free and the card fluttered to the floor.
“You can’t go out in that.” When Sherlock appeared as if he might ignore him, John grabbed his shoulders.
Charles kept his hand at John’s nape, and John eyed him with dislike. “You don’t care for me much,” observed Charles. “I wonder how I could change your mind.”
Lestrade moved fast, but not fast enough to stop Sherlock from breaking Charles’s nose with the butt of the gun.
And now Jeremy’s eyes went back to the dead man. “I’ll get the wagon,” he grunted. He handed Brandywine’s rein to John, then moved off as Elyse broke into a fresh round of weeping. John was beginning to see that there was no way Sherlock would ever have been able to tolerate Miss Baskerville in any long-term arrangement.
“Worked in one,” said Sherlock resolutely. “Just being in one doesn’t give a person many opportunities to get flour in their hair or . . .” he added, craning for a look at the hand on Markham’s neck, “dough under their nails.”
“The truth is somewhere in the middle,” Irene answered with a laugh. “But I’m sure your powers of deduction would impress him! Now,” she added to Tamzen, “do you have some fake glasses I could borrow? Something like a librarian?”
“Task master today,” Christopher commented as he moved to the far side of the bed. “You’d be amazed how difficult it is to get anyone to do this now that I’m recognizable. They’re afraid to hurt me.”
John’s eyes traveled between the two brothers as a growing sense of unease settled over him. Suddenly the thought of eating any more made him nauseous.
John shrugged. “I just . . . walked in, really.” When Sherlock appeared skeptical, John said, “The brigade was coming out, and Lestrade and his people were having words with the guards and some other, er, officials, and I . . . walked in.”
“But you still care for him. Don’t deny it,” Moriarty added preemptively. “You wouldn’t have risked coming back if you didn’t. Which is why I’m so going to enjoy hurting him.”
“What’s interesting, dear?” asked Gerrie as she came down the hall, her heeled shoes seeming to propel her forward lest she fall forward instead. She took John’s arm, which visibly startled him, but Gerrie only smiled and patted him. “Shall we? You must be famished!”
Of course having Irene with him made the experience far less quiet. Every now and then she’d exclaim over something (usually some kind of jewelry or a very large piece of art), or she’d giggle about something (generally a nude), and the rest of the time she peppered Sherlock with questions about John.
“I meant ‘you’ collectively, as in the two of you,” Irene told him gently. “He’s in the kitchen. And just as nervous, but better at hiding it,” she added with a wink.
The door to Sherlock’s room swung open just as John was giving the countertops one last wipe down. Sherlock emerged and began making agitated laps around the room. “He’ll be back; he wants something,” the detective muttered without preamble.
“Toxicology won’t be done for a while yet,” Lestrade told them as he moved toward the door. “Just thought I’d let you know what we’ve found out so far.”
So John took up residence in a chair not far from the computer desk and took some time with his meal, watching and waiting for what seemed like a good moment to speak. But it was Sherlock who, after some minutes, turned and frowned, not at John but at his plate. “What have you got there?”
When Sherlock threw the door to Mycroft’s office open (under ignored vocal protest of his receptionist), the older Holmes did not even look up from the papers he was reading—or attempting to read, given that he kept moving his glasses up and down his nose as he tried to find a distance to his liking. “You have it?” Mycroft asked.
“You’re a tease,” accused Sherlock, and it was clear to John that he now had his flatmate’s full attention as the third button gave way.
“None of Markham’s coworkers, none of his family members . . . And the same goes for Lumley. None of his friends or family ever heard of Benjamin Markham,” said Lestrade. “We’ve only just started going through their personal belongings, but so far there are no pictures, nothing. If they were hiding it, they went to a lot of trouble.”
“I won’t bother waiting; the dogs will find him first.” And with that, Henry slammed out of the house.
Patrick drew back slightly and lifted his eyebrows, still smiling. “If you want to talk about it . . .”
Sherlock craned for a look at the opposite image, which appeared to be two warriors arming for battle. At least they were decently dressed. He was trying to decide which corner to shove the calyx into when he heard the door to John’s room open.
“As I was saying,” Mycroft went on with a minimum of good manners, “I’ll have your ticket waiting for you at the kiosk.”
Sherlock stopped short on the threshold of John’s bedroom then quickly eased the door closed behind him. His eyes darted to the door of their flat and he sighed; he’d forgotten to lock it after Mycroft had left earlier.
“It can’t be the Martlets,” John reflected as he walked quickly while trying not to break into a run the way his pumping adrenaline was urging him to. “Why would they kill one of their own?”
“And you might just as easily fall asleep at the wheel,” Sherlock pointed out. They stared at one another. Then Sherlock asked, “You
The sound of John’s voice jolted Sherlock out of the loop his deliberations seemed to be stuck in. “Who is it at this time of night? Lestrade?”
“Can I help you?” Mrs. Grossman asked the man, squinting up at him and wondering if maybe his car had stalled or he was lost.
Moriarty began to stroll around the flat, stopping now and again to touch something thoughtfully. “You know, Sherlock, I’ve always thought that if you didn’t have a bad habit of getting in my way, we could have a lot of fun together. You can come away from the door, by the way. I’m not going to bite you . . . this time . . . Unless you say please.”
“Take the shirt all the way off,” John directed, and Sherlock frowned. “I don’t want it getting in my way,” explained John.
They stared at one another for a long moment, and when John was sure Sherlock would put forth no additional protest, he took his fiancé’s hand and led him to the last stall on the right, dry and piled with fresh hay for the day, and kicked the door closed behind them.
Sherlock appeared bewildered. “God, no. Why would he? And even if he did, why not just do it at the flat?”
Sherlock’s mind began to click like a big dipper climbing toward a huge drop. “Moriarty,” he said after a moment. “But he must have already been dead, or nearly.”
Elyse only stared and John took the opportunity to push the door open a bit farther so he could step into the room.
“Jesus, Sherl, you don’t screw around.” She flopped into a threadbare armchair that Sherlock suspected had been rescued from a rubbish heap. “Bit over the top as a way to prove your affection, though. Couldn’t we just go with the MOMA?”
“Don’t fret over my feelings, dear,” she replied, and as best John could tell, she meant it. “I know you’re not quite yourself.” She moved to the door. “If you need anything . . . Not that you should get used to it,” she added before quietly closing the door behind her.
“What? Oh. Shirt . . .” Sherlock looked at the chest-of-drawers. John was a tidy person, with habits bred in the military; his clothing would be ordered accordingly. Guessing that shirts would come after undergarments but before jeans, he chose a drawer in the middle and was rewarded by the discovery of three stacks of neatly folded shirts. Sherlock selected one off the top, and John shrugged the blanket from his shoulders and, with careful deliberation, managed to put on the garment Sherlock handed to him.
“John?” Sherlock asked, dropping the sheet of paper he was holding and starting after his flatmate. But Lestrade held up a hand to block his passage.
“Pardon me if I don’t weep for his loss,” said John. Then he asked what he really wanted to know. “Were you going to tell me?”
“Wouldn’t dream of it,” John murmured, knowing full well there was a better than average chance Sherlock wouldn’t eat at all considering he’d had a full dinner the night before and a nibble of toast and eggs that morning to boot. Sherlock might now go the better part of a week before deciding he was hungry again.
“What do you care?” John retorted. “You thought he was dead up until a few months ago anyway; what difference would it make to you now? Isn’t that how your logic works?”
If it had been John, on the other hand, yes, that was the sort of thing to stop Sherlock cold. As for himself, if he were to die, then he was selfish enough to want John with him. But these scenarios were only hypothetical, even highly unlikely now that they were on their guards.
Christopher failed to be ruffled. “Ah, there’s the Sherlock I remember. You look the same. Cleaner, maybe.”
As the crowd laughed, Demetria whispered into Sherlock’s ear. “I suggest you go out the back; I don’t think those two are here for the view.”
Irene stood up with a sigh and moved around the desk. “I’ve got to see if I can find some blue hydrangeas. We’ve still got a few days.”
Sherlock felt something cold run through him, and after a minute of staring at the image, he pushed away from the computer, stood, and went into the kitchen to make tea.
All at once Sherlock was angry with John for being so unfair; after all, John knew his handicaps. And at the same moment, John appeared to realize he was being unfair because he said, “Or maybe we should just go home.” He began to look around again, this time with purpose as he attempted to figure out where, in the scheme of things, they were.
“I’m not accusing you of anything, John, except predictability. You did exactly what Mycroft knew you would, what he wanted you to do. We need to know why he wanted you to do it.”
“The Ritz, I would think. And this burn—” John cleared a hitch in his throat,  “might be Kensington. Remember, Mycroft kept the lily at his flat.”
But Mycroft’s attention was now centered on the ring John wore. “He gave you that?” he asked sharply.
John found himself unable to take his eyes off Elyse Baskerville. Her fair hair caught the fading daylight coming through the windows, and her blue eyes picked up the color of the rug. It was as if she’d been made for the room, in John’s estimation, a dainty sort of—
He took Harry’s measure in one quick glance without even needing to turn his head for a direct inspection. Yes, he could see why she and John weren’t close. Anyone who got herself that done up for a visit at a hospital showed a particular form of selfishness. Otherwise she’d have come straight away, never mind taking the time to shower, dress and slap on so much makeup. John was a generous soul; his tolerance for selfishness, Sherlock knew firsthand, was low to nil. But he didn’t criticize his sister. Why? It seemed unlikely that John didn’t care. And he’d never had any problem correcting Sherlock when he felt the detective had overstepped the bounds of propriety. So what made the difference?
Gerrie looked back, her lips pursed. “I’m inclined to tell you to stay as far away from my son as you can. But that seems unlikely. And I don’t feel like dealing with the tantrum he’d throw if I sent you away now.” She considered. “He’d only go after you, and I’d just as soon have him here.”
Alarmed now, John got up and went in search of his clothes. The trousers were easy enough to find, but his shirt . . . Where had that ended up? He was thinking he might just go find a new one when the knock sounded.
“Found Brandywine down at our stable,” Jeremy called back as he neared. “Still saddled. Worried that Sir Henry might’ve been thrown.”
Without question, Eoin pulled his phone from his pocket and handed it over, his only outward mark of distress a worried frown.
“In her room, most likely. Working or drinking or both. Now if you’ll excuse me, I have work to do of my own.”
“Nonsense, I like having a reason.” Chloe entered from a connecting door, carrying three plates laden with food, and John suppressed the impulse to get up and help her. The dish that was set in front of him did indeed look delicious: roast with gravy, potatoes, carrots, and miniature Yorkshire puddings.
He wished Sherlock would bring him some tea. Then again, drinking tea would mean sitting up, and John wasn’t sure he could do that. He wasn’t even sure he could swallow; his tongue felt dry and thick in his mouth, as if nothing could get past it.
“Only that Mother isn’t terribly selective when it comes to men. You can imagine what color her room is.”
And maybe it was simply the seasons, the sun and fine weather, the endearing company, the good food, the clear air—it might be any of those things or all of them. But John had the feeling those things contributed to some larger sense of wellbeing that he’d come to derive from inhabiting the childhood home of the man he’d loved.
John took the keys from his pocket and opened the boot, found Sherlock’s clothes, and stuffed them into the bag. As he closed up the car, he asked, “What will you name him?”
But the light didn’t go on. Instead, John felt the blanket lift and Sherlock slide into bed beside him. He smelled clean, must have showered. John jumped slightly when Sherlock threw an arm over him (his companion was not a known cuddler), gave a tiny sigh, and murmured, “It’s a martlet.”
John looked from one to the other of them, then set his plate on the table. “All right, just let me go change.” Though his tone was as much resigned as hopeful.
“Almost as long as it took you to get here,” Moriarty went on. “Anyway, you should ask what you really want to know. Like: whether or not he cried, or if maybe he enjoyed it a bit.”
“It’s all right, Mrs. Grossman,” John assured her, then darting a look at Sherlock, added, “but leave the door open.”
Mycroft sighed and set the unfinished tea on the counter. “Because if I hadn’t, you would never have forgiven me.”
And then it occurred to John that he could just go after Sherlock. Make sure his . . . boyfriend? John tested the word in his brain . . . didn’t get into any especial trouble. Or, failing that, at least make sure Sherlock wasn’t alone when trouble snared him. It would peeve Sherlock, and John wasn’t in the mood to start another fight, nor did he want to make things more complicated than they already appeared to be, but he couldn’t help but worry a little. Or a lot.
“Whatever, Irene, I don’t care,” he told her as he set foot into the hallway. “Oh, and John is moving into my room.”
And John had no guidelines for this situation. He was at a loss. And so he stood there rather inanely while Sherlock typed and searched and gathered information, seemingly oblivious to John’s turmoil. It was as if Sherlock had already forgotten what he’d said. Or maybe it had been a simple observation on his part, void of consequence.
“There’s not much to it,” Irene filled in rapidly. “We started talking, I mentioned the ceremony . . .”
More waiting. A nurse rounded the corner. For an agonizing moment John thought she’d surely say something about him being new. But she only smiled and nodded as she passed. “Doctor.”
“And why would you do that?” Sherlock continued, moving on to the right arm. “For a better angle, of course. And to give the microphone mounted on the back of the face enough range.”
John didn’t need Elyse to lead him to where Henry lay; the foxhounds acted as signpost enough. Some sat, some lay with their heads on their paws, and all were quiet.
They could hear the waterfall now, and soon it would become difficult to talk at all without having to shout, which John supposed was just as well given that Sherlock clearly did not want to chat. What had happened, he wondered, between the perfection of the previous night and that morning to cause such a change in Sherlock’s mood? John glanced again over his shoulder, as if the answer could be found hovering there, but instead was surprised to see a young woman hurrying up after them. She was dressed in the uniform of the hotel and carried an envelope in her hand.
“He keeps you on the defense to prevent you from mounting an offense. It’s all smoke and mirrors with him.”
John reached over to a side table and switched on a lamp. Time to think about something to eat. He spared one more glance for his slumbering flatmate and paused. Sherlock’s left hand was between his chest and the back of the couch, the fingers bent into a relaxed fist as if Sherlock had fallen asleep holding something. John could just make out the glint of gold in the lamplight.
Lestrade studied him for a minute as if trying to gain an honest answer to the question. But all he said was, “I’ll send half this crew upstairs here and we’ll bring the other half over to the Ritz.”
“Why not? What difference could it possibly make to him?” Sherlock finished removing the pad somewhat more roughly than was typical, and Brandywine stamped a foot in annoyance.
Moriarty paused, his hand on the doorknob, and offered a small smile. “Yes, he must have. Good night, Sherlock.”
“What?” John’s head appeared over the open boot. He got a look at Sherlock’s white-faced grimace and said, “Let’s get you inside.”
“Save it,” said John, and when Sherlock drew back in a way that suggested John’s rejection had hurt him, John clarified, “For the ceremony.”
The mobile phones rang, and Sherlock ignored them. The phones chimed to alert them of voicemails and text messages, and Sherlock ignored them. Mrs. Hudson left the post beside the door each afternoon, and Sherlock ignored it.
Irene looked over her shoulder with a frown, genuine this time. She glanced a question at John—something along the lines of:
John’s frown deepened; his experience with private messages had not been pleasant. “What if it’s a virus or something?”
“Oh, yes,” said Mrs. Grossman with evident pride. “Weald House is very popular for that kind of thing. Parties and weddings, and at Christmas we—” But now the man was frowning so deeply, she thought it best not to go on about it. “Over here is the morning room,” she said, switching gears and bustling across the hall.
But John could only shake his head in amazement. “I came out here because I was worried about you . . .”
EVERYTHING WAS BLURRY, and his body had gone numb. He wasn’t even sure he was breathing. But he was aware of the motion around him, brisk and efficient, and then of being lifted, moved, carried. It was almost like floating on one’s back on a river or lake. John felt like he was bobbing along and was disinclined to steer himself in any particular direction, instead allowing the current to do all the work for him.
If John cared about the real answer to Sherlock’s question, he didn’t voice it. He rinsed his plate and put the leftovers in the refrigerator before announcing, “I’m going to shower.”
Sherlock was very aware of Mr. Watson’s intense stare, which he met only askance as he attempted to weigh the man’s likely response. “To be honest, I thought it was Eoin,” Mr. Watson said at length. “Glad it’s not, though.”
Irene blanched but shook her head, and Sherlock sighed. Talking to Irene would be far preferable to having to attempt anything like a conversation with his brother, but clearly she wasn’t going to be forthcoming. And she was right that now would not be the time to confront John.
The rabbit was kicking fiercely now, and John suffered a moment of confusion as his brain called up an old memory of someone from his army brigade, a small and anxious man they’d nicknamed Fiver. In any questionable situation, Fiver had always been the first to raise a red flag, and John was sure this would have been just such a time.
“Whitcombe,” Sherlock interjected. “We’re discussing Whitcombe. Do you have anything you’d like to add?”
heavy,” Sherlock agreed, having grabbed hold of the object. He put his other hand in for a better grip and lifted out a large cuplike object, rather like an ornate planter.
John shoved the envelope into his pocket and hauled himself back to the waterfall that was rapidly losing any sense of awe or majesty it might have initially held. And the more he thought about the whole situation, the angrier he got. What was Sherlock playing at? If he hadn’t wanted John with him, why not just say so? Why create such an elaborate game? Was Sherlock bored now? With traveling, or with John himself?
Sherlock waited, but John seemed disinclined to finish his sentence. So Sherlock asked, “Who’s Fiver?”
They came around the stables just as Sherlock was coming out. The detective stopped short when he saw them. “I thought you didn’t ride.”
happening; Sherlock wobbled and looked to John, while Mycroft’s already troubled expression grew darker.
John realized this was intended to run him off, which only made him determined to stay. He took a seat in the chair. “Well, since I don’t know what’s already been said . . .”
Sherlock, meanwhile, was rifling through a stack of books and papers. “What are we looking for?” John asked.
They walked along in companionable silence for a bit before John asked, “But why would Henry let his sister marry you, of all people?” When Sherlock winced, John was forced to admit, “I didn’t mean that like it sounded.”
“Sherlock was tortured for it,” John said suddenly, “for this lily, so there must be some value to it.” He glanced at Sherlock, fully expecting a murderous glare, but his flatmate’s attention was directed in the opposite direction, as if he’d found something intriguing about the windows on the far side of the room.
John returned the nod, although he was still unable to look Lestrade in the eye and only knew the inspector had gone by the soft click of the door as it closed behind him.
Charles’s eyes darted between the two others, and John supposed he was looking for a rift, something he could use as leverage. Not wanting to lead Charles to believe that Sherlock was at all vulnerable to any potential plot, John set his cup down on the tray and leaned over to whisper something in Sherlock’s ear. Sherlock closed his eyes briefly as if internalizing the words or maybe savoring them. Then he stood and said to Charles, “You’ll have to excuse me; it’s very late, and it seems as if I’m being sent to my room.” He stopped and scowled again at John. “If I’d wanted all these strictures, I could have just stayed with Mycroft.”
“I’m neither old nor infirm, John,” Gerrie retorted kindly but firmly. “And you don’t know where we keep everything anyway.” She began opening cabinets and pulling out the kettle and cups while John hung back, unwilling to sit while she busied herself. But at one point she hesitated. “John, darling, I can’t reach the teapot; can you just—” She pointed to a shelf just beyond her reach, and John moved to oblige her, glad to feel useful. Then he felt a hand on the small of his back and nearly dropped the damn thing.
“Mm.” Mycroft rose, and taking his lead, John did also. “Go along back to Baker Street, and I’ll have my assistant bring it ’round,” Mycroft told him as he walked John to his office door. “And do me the favor of letting me know what Sherlock’s up to, if and when you figure it out.”
John looked at where Sherlock’s finger was aimed. A female figure with a hood overshadowing her face stood angled between Markham’s Simeon and the Holy Family. (In fact, Mary was also turned away so that her face could not be seen, and John fleetingly wondered if Markham had a streak of misogyny in him.) The robed woman held a scroll in one hand and had the other arm crooked around an odd sort of carved chest.
Sherlock motioned for silence as they started back toward the kitchen. He paused outside a closed door, the one for the library, John thought. It had been open earlier. He looked a question at Sherlock, who gave one nod then moved on.
Irene and Mrs. Grossman were found in the kitchen, picking up the pieces of the thwarted reception; tacitly Mrs. Watson stepped in to take over Irene’s duties so Irene would be free to go to the hospital. Gerrie took up station in one of the chairs and fiddled absently with the trimmings from one of the hydrangeas—blue, Irene’s determination having paid off.
Mycroft sighed and rose. “Try not to wear your heart on your sleeve, Sherlock; it makes both you and him easy targets.”
So with another glance at John’s rather miserable-looking countenance, Sherlock slipped his coat off, walked over, and kissed him. He meant to be gentle, reassuring, but as usual Sherlock found it difficult to stop once he’d started. John
And he certainly couldn’t bring Eoin out to the house. He hadn’t even brought his sister; hell, he hadn’t even told Harry about Weald House. Or his parents for that matter, though he felt guilty about that.
“Tiberius is due for a turn,” said Tim. “Say, what do you think of the name Constantine if Magdalena throws a colt?”
“But he needed family, Mother. He might never say it, but he needed to know someone was here just for him.”
“I didn’t have time to think anything; I didn’t even realize it was him until after he’d jabbed me in the neck with a needle.”
The name brought to John’s mind the strangeness of that morning, which already seemed to have happened so long ago, even though it hadn’t been more than two hours. “The ring,” he said, though he turned to look at the brilliant blue slice of sky that hovered in one of the room’s tiny windows. “Mycroft said it was your father’s.”
“No! I refuse to be scrutinized by a gaggle of half-witted . . .” Sherlock sucked air through his teeth. “No. Just no.”
In the meantime, the injury needed to be cleaned and bandaged. John opened the first aid kit and removed an antiseptic wipe and some tweezers. There was a middling chance he’d be able to do it without waking Sherlock; he knew from experience his flatmate slept deeply and was difficult to rouse. But John had never tested the theory of doing something
“I would have expected more tourists,” said John. He was only trying to make conversation, even though he knew Sherlock hated talk for its own sake.
After the sound of footsteps on the stairs had faded, Sherlock went to the door and gave the lock a decisive twist.
“I told you to stay back at the hotel,” said Sherlock, but he paused long enough for John to catch up to him.
“Don’t touch him!” Sherlock snarled, stopping Donovan in her tracks. She looked uncertainly between the man in the bed and the one holding the gun and clearly decided she was better off staying where she stood.
At some point John stalked through the room to his bedroom. Sherlock deemed it best on all fronts to let him go. Trying to talk before John was ready to listen would be useless, and Sherlock determined that his time was better spent focused on the case.
And John stared at the hand as if expecting something. Though when nothing happened, he asked, “What?”
“Up in the tower. Oh, not this one,” the man explained when John’s gaze traveled to the gatehouse. “Lollards. Guess he has some work there?”
“Don’t look at me like that,” Moriarty told him. “This isn’t my fault. We were passing the time. I have you to thank for allowing me to be so thorough.” He pushed away from the wall and walked to a table in the far corner, from which he withdrew a gun. “I promised Sherlock I wouldn’t shoot you in the head, but that leaves plenty of other soft spots to aim for.”
The blindfold was removed, and Sherlock blinked rapidly against the sudden light. The lamps were on in the room, the shades drawn, but Sherlock could also see that some sunlight was filtering in around them. It wasn’t dark out yet.
“Yes, Mrs. Grossman, we did,” Sherlock answered smoothly, grabbing a fresh-baked biscuit as he passed the counter.
Sherlock felt something cracking inside him. “John,” he said intently, “they’re going to take you—” He was forced to stop and pull himself together before he could continue speaking. “For treatment. Do you understand?” It dawned on Sherlock as he spoke them that they were almost the exact words Mycroft had said to him. But Sherlock had refused, much as John was shaking his head now.
The question now was whether Moriarty was behind these heists and whether Sherlock was walking into a trap.
“I want—” John reached out again, and this time Sherlock stayed still, watchful, permitting John to run two fingers along what remained of the cut, which had almost completely healed over the time since the incident that had caused it. “I want not to be a game.”
“Give me, say, twenty minutes?” Patrick went on as he backed toward the door, watching John the way one would watch a dog when unsure of the length of its chain.
“Who knows how long they’ve been working to get it back,” Sherlock agreed. “It must have been quite a blow when Markham refused. To be so close . . .”
Stepping into the room, Sarah said, “For some reason your friend thought it might help if we had a chat.”
He found Sarah sitting in a chair, her attention focused on the floor, while Lestrade and Anderson sat on the sofa (causing Sherlock to wonder, briefly, where the post had been relocated), each holding mugs of tea. “Must’ve been a thorough swabbing,” said Anderson with a grin. Sarah flinched but didn’t look up.
Sherlock was at a loss. John had no chair in his room; it was too small for any excess furniture. Feeling uneasy, he took a seat on the edge of the bed. He couldn’t remember being so anxious at the start of his self-imposed “therapy,” but he’d also gone in with the rather foolish notion that what was so hard for others would be—as so many other things in life—no trouble for him. John, on the other hand, knew what he was facing; he had every reason to be afraid.
“I see you had the good sense to keep the team out until I got here.” Sherlock joined Lestrade in the doorway. “Who are they?”
SHERLOCK TESTED THE strength of the tape that bound his wrists. It was strong, but with enough stretching and twisting, Sherlock was sure he’d be able to get it sufficiently loose that he could pull his hands free. The most trying factor being that it would take time as well as effort.
John was beginning to be annoyed. “Well, I’d check to see that you’re human, but I don’t have a handy test for that.”
Mycroft grimaced sympathetically. “I know the feeling,” he replied with some pointedness in his tone. “But the important thing is: you didn’t. Not today.”
Sherlock offered a small smile. “Even if that’s true, I know from experience you are one of the best.”
And with that, John suddenly didn’t care. He felt detached from everything that was happening around him; it all became surreal and dreamlike, and he started to laugh.
“I’m sorry,” the car said. “I didn’t understand your answer. Would you like to input a new destination?”
Moriarty seemed pleased enough with himself as he leaned against the fireplace. “Does he taste as good as he smells?”
John sat up. “Right. Let me just . . .” He departed through the dressing room door as Gerrie leveled her gaze on her son.
Instinctively, John tightened his hold on Sherlock’s shifting body. He wasn’t fully awake and didn’t want to be, but something in him was well aware of not wanting to let go.
John had been feeling fairly steady until that moment. Now the dread was creeping in again, and he swayed slightly on his feet, taking a step back to keep himself standing.
Lestrade, for his part, was not as amazed as Sherlock seemed to think he should be, but the truth was nothing Sherlock did surprised him any more. Even rising like Lazarus from the grave.
John’s gaze drifted to his mother, who continued to look confused, and on to his father, whose expression was inscrutable. Then he looked at Sherlock, standing there waiting for his cue—for once it was John’s decision, and Sherlock would play his role as directed—and Irene, the arm she had looped through Sherlock’s tightening in anticipation as she bit her lip.
The stress of being threatened by an unknown source then. Sherlock was feeling it, too, and could certainly sympathize with John if that were the issue. It was the reason he needed to focus on figuring things out.
“I’m only here as a courtesy to you, Doctor,” said Mycroft grimly. He stood and tossed the book onto the chair he’d been sitting in. “I’ve sent Sherlock home.”
Now she bounced up from her chair and said, “Sit. I’ll get us something to drink and you’ll tell me all about it.”
“I can’t think what came over him,” said Mrs. Grossman as she returned to stand beside the sofa. “He’s not given to spells.”
Footsteps neared his door. Stopped. John held his breath, half hoping the door would open and half dreading it would.
“Still, a doctor,” Irene sighed. “Good with his hands, I bet. Why didn’t you have him fix that cut on your forehead?”
“You don’t have to,” Charles said, his tone as reasonable as any man negotiating a sale. “I’ll kiss you.”
“Ten minutes in a world without him was ten minutes too long,” Sherlock admitted. “I needed . . . support.”
Sherlock was ready to defend his friend’s presence, but Irene set down her tea and practically skipped over to where they stood. “It’s fine, Sherl,” she told him. “I’ll meet you for dinner later.” Her eyes darted in the direction of John’s room. “If you’re not too busy.” She smiled at Lestrade and left.
In the core of his being, John felt this was important to hold on to, this deep mistrust of the man sitting next to him, regardless of all apparent solicitousness on That Man’s part. For now he only shook his head slightly, which caused his vision to swim and the room to rock around him. Then his eyes traveled to the desk where the vial and needle waited.
Mycroft lifted his brows, a smile touching his lips. “They’ve had their uses. But you don’t see me wearing a ring.” He nodded at Sherlock’s hand, and Sherlock self-consciously twirled the gold signet with his thumb.
Sherlock’s eyes began to glitter as he came to understand they were playing a kind of game. But then his gaze darted back to the computer. “I have work to do.”
“Sherl,” Irene called across the room, now winding her arm through John’s, “I’m going to feed this poor man before he faints.”
“What? Oh.” Mycroft sat back in his chair and removed the useless spectacles. “He pulled a gun on you.”
John spared a glance out the window and saw Elyse standing beside the boathouse while Sherlock shoved an old rowboat into the water. Both of them were already drenched from the steady rain, and though Elyse had the protection of her riding coat, Sherlock had shed his upstairs and so had only his shirt. John watched Elyse step into the boat, then turned away to go get his bag. He was wondering whether he’d be able to tell which keys opened the garages (had they been labeled? he hadn’t been paying attention, an oversight for which Sherlock would surely have scolded him), but as he lifted his travel case, he couldn’t resist asking, “Why the beach?”
Sherlock finished writing and thrust the paper at John, simultaneously snatching the ring from him. “How so?”
But Eoin’s voice was getting sharper and louder. He stood and demanded, “That ring you used to wear?”
he asked himself. He couldn’t go any farther until he’d answered that question. But he felt like time was running out; he needed to act fast.
Whatever Gerrie had been planning to say clearly stalled at her lips, and there was a moment in which she visibly switched gears, asking, “What’s wrong, dear?”
John thought about declining to go. Not only did he want breakfast sooner rather than later, he had work at the clinic at midday covering someone’s shift. And Mycroft made him uncomfortable besides.
“I’d say the same of you,” said John. He turned to leave. “I’ll be out here if you want me.” He left the door ajar in the hope that Sherlock might be lured out.
So then John thought maybe he could go treat himself to breakfast, thereby making himself scarce, since he had no idea what time Mycroft might drop by. If he were coming before going to his office (though it was completely the wrong direction), then he might turn up any time now. Better to be gone.
Then he looked at John, who gazed back with the open and expectant expression of someone who has been waiting—for his dinner, for his turn in line, for his dead fiancé to appear—and has finally been granted his wish. There was no reservation to be had; in fact, John appeared almost eager, and something inside Sherlock grew a little warm. “You had a good dinner, John?” he asked, feeling the sudden need to be gentle.
Sherlock nodded briskly.  “You phone Lestrade and I’ll see what I can find online about the lilies.”
Gerrie was only half listening. “There are three . . . You’ll need the keys. They’re taking one of the boats out?”
“Yeah, I am. I’m going back to my girlfriend, for one thing. And back to, I dunno, normal life, if there is such a thing.”
Resisting the urge to slam the dressing room door behind him, John walked back through to his room, pausing to grab the suit on the way. He stopped short when he realized he had no dress socks or shoes.
STANDING OUTSIDE MARKHAM’S flat once more, waiting for Sherlock to pick the lock, John suffered a frisson that he ascribed to the chill of the night air. But once the door was open, John found it difficult to take the steps that would bring him forward into the building, harder still to manage the stairs, and he stalled like an intractable horse when he came to the interior door, which Sherlock already had open. How had he not noticed before that Markham had lived on the first floor, just as he and Sherlock did? Just one more line on the list of coincidences.
The interior of the box was lined in dark green velvet. On the right side was a stack of letters held together with a rubber band. On the left were three hypodermic needles.
Sherlock gave John a little push, and finally John opened his eyes. “Time’s up,” Sherlock told him unceremoniously.
Elyse turned her baleful glare toward John, but Sherlock told her, “He didn’t tell me. I saw the prints in the mud.”
No easy task for Sherlock. But, he reasoned as he leaned in, nothing easy had ever been worth doing.
“I don’t give a damn about the house,” said Sherlock, his relief paving the way to irritation. “God, John, why not grab a handkerchief you can wave while you lie there and wail about how wronged you’ve been? I did it for you, gave up everything for you.”
Mycroft gave a nod that suggested he’d expected nothing more nor less of his mother, then turned toward the old servants’ door, which had a corridor that led out to the garages. “I’ll bring a car around.”
“John?” Irene answered. She sounded breathless, as if she’d run for the phone when it rang. “I thought you might call today.”
JOHN AWOKE ABRUPTLY and immediately questioned the cause. He was sure Sherlock hadn’t moved; the man slept like the dead.
From where he’d been setting the kettle to boil, John turned around to fetch his phone and found himself knocked to the floor by something small but hard and heavy hitting him on the side of the head.
ALMOST AS SOON as Sherlock had left, Eoin returned, leading John to believe he’d been waiting around nearby. “Are you all right?” Eoin asked, immediately prepared to be solicitous.
But Sherlock only shrugged. “If he thinks you already have intimate knowledge of my person, he has nothing to tease you with.”
“I’m too tired to be angry right now.” John saw Sherlock’s bemused expression and immediately felt sorry for him; it had taken no little courage on Sherlock’s part to broach the subject of emotions. “You know anger and love don’t cancel one another out.”
John held up the bag he’d almost forgotten he was carrying. “Clothes.” He set the bag within Sherlock’s reach and went to the closet to retrieve the stolen coat. When he turned around, he found Sherlock ripping out the tubes in his left arm. “Don’t just—” John said, striding over and shutting off the drips.
“WHAT ARE YOU doing here?” Anderson demanded as John passed him on the stairs, clearly in a hurry to leave. Sherlock followed at a more sedate pace, but neither he nor John answered. “You better not have contaminated my scene!” Anderson called after them as the door to the building swung shut behind their exit.
Still, John worried that Irene’s tears were over something Sherlock had said or done unthinkingly, or worse, utterly deliberately; he could be barbarous when irritated and quite pointed with his words. And John wasn’t sure whether he should just turn around and go or try to get to the root of the problem.
Sherlock shrugged as a plate was laid in front of him. “Box another one of these, would you, Stuart? Please?” Sherlock added when Irene lifted her eyebrows.
John made it a point not to read the letter itself, though his eye couldn’t help but pick out some words and phrases. The overall sense was one of pleading, and before he realized it, he’d read the damn thing anyway.
angry, and he might be for a while, but that doesn’t mean he’s not also happy to see you. It’s just—it’s going to be mixed up inside him for a while.”
Sherlock looked to the windows. They’d packed quickly enough, and on the off chance he was somehow wrong about Markham’s mural, or otherwise failed to solve this case . . . “I think we can afford a couple hours.”
“No idea. Ask him.” John was already moving into the kitchen. A door on the right led to the old butler’s pantry; John stopped there first to search for his keys. He found them in a small cabinet that hung on the wall, filled with little hooks for keys and stacked at the bottom with batteries of various sizes.
JOHN TRIED TO keep up with the woman from the hotel, but she was far more familiar with and surefooted on the terrain, and he quickly fell behind. This didn’t worry him; he assumed whoever was in need of a doctor would be easy enough to locate once he got there.
Mr. Watson cocked a bright blue eye at him and continued. “The two of you went on some kind of unannounced trip to Switzerland? And you . . . fell. Off a waterfall.”
But then Irene returned. “What is it?” John asked her as she began to affix the collection of small blue flowers to his buttonhole.
John hovered in the doorway. “Henry came to the house, upset. Said he was going out after you. Then his sister turned up and said he’d been shot. So we rode—”
“Then I should be grateful you were there.” He paused. “If nothing happened, why were you so reluctant to tell me?”
Not that it was a long walk from the entry to the turnaround in front of the portico, which is where Jeremy waited beside the car, Harry already ensconced in the back seat. But after they’d put John’s things in the boot, standing now out of sight of Harry’s prying eyes, and with Jeremy pointedly looking the opposite direction, John got the kiss he wanted.
John watched his flatmate’s face carefully, but it remained blank. “Sorry, Henry, I’m not sure who you mean. I’ve been away, in case it’s escaped you.”
Lestrade stood. “I should get back to headquarters and put all this . . . in the file . . .” He made no further excuse for his hasty exit.
They fell into silence, and Sherlock’s attention seemed to be focused on the rain blowing against the windows. John had begun to think he’d been forgotten when Sherlock asked, “Are you still planning to leave?”
Lestrade sighed. “And we’ve hit the wall in the investigation. We can’t figure out what it is or where it’s coming from.”
“That’s progress.” Sherlock set the razor beside the sink and stepped back. “Does that mean you don’t want to come to dinner?”
“Of course you are. There. Mycroft’s assistant will bring your things. What do you need besides clothes?”
“Have you even seen him, this Eoin?” Moriarty asked conversationally, as if asking whether Sherlock had seen the latest tech gadget. “Here—”
Moriarty drew away, and Sherlock quickly began to roll through the remainder of his mental checklist. His wrists were bound behind him with something strong that pulled at his skin—some kind of industrial tape. Ankles, too, and his shoes and socks had been removed.
“Well . . .” said Patrick with another glance at John. His lips twisted in amusement. “I won’t kiss you goodbye . . .”
“Saves us all a bit of trouble then,” Sherlock acknowledged as he placed the patch on his arm. “Now if you don’t mind, I’m going back to my, uh—” He imitated his older brother’s gesture.
“I said I didn’t wear a ring. Novices do, for the first two years. I have one for you, if you want it. I presume you don’t want Markham’s; might be bad luck or some such.”
“Good,” John said, but the response came across as absent-minded, and Sarah wondered if he’d even heard what she’d said. “I’ll just go . . .” But he didn’t finish the thought, just started in the general direction of the coat closet, leaving Sarah to assume he was off to hang up his jacket.
“You’re just John,” said Sherlock, making it sound as if it should have been obvious. “There’s no other word for you. You’re all these things, everything.”
Charles sat beside the bed with his back to the door (foolish man), and he was leaning over John, who was giggling in the way a person does when they are drunk or extremely tired or both.
They had come to the car park, where Sherlock’s car stood out like a polished jewel among stones. Sherlock went directly to it, stopping beside the driver’s door and holding his hand out expectantly while cradling the casket under his other arm.
Sherlock turned the bolt and was down the stairs before John had time to relock the door behind them.
“The terms of our agreement are not your concern,” said Mycroft. “He will, I’m sure, leave the two of you alone from here on.”
Now Sherlock tried working backwards to find the source of John’s mood. Was it the ring? He’d been on about the ring ever since noticing it (or the lack of it), but it hadn’t seemed to bother John so much until Sherlock put it on. Well, and Sherlock had offered to take it off, but that had only upset John more. Why?
“One of the reasons,” said Sherlock. “I wasn’t sure what you wanted. If maybe you weren’t . . . quite ready to have me back. And then sometimes it’s just easier to let Irene do whatever.”
Sherlock came to stand behind Christopher and surveyed the collection of marks and scars on his bare back, some of them old and familiar, many of them newer. In this much, at least, they had been compatible; Sherlock’s need to vent his anger and frustration had coupled nicely with Christopher’s urges to be punished.
“It’s only a matter of time before Lestrade is banging on our door, and I’d rather not have to explain everything to him,” said Sherlock.
“It hadn’t been fired, if that’s what you’re wondering.” John tossed the object in question into the bag, followed by the discarded silk pajamas; those he would keep. Then he reached for his jacket.
Lestrade looked to Sherlock who in turn gave a little shrug. “That’s up to John. You’re free to ask him yourself.”
“No,” answered Sherlock a tad too severely, and so he forced himself to add in a more polite tone, “Thank you, but . . . no.”
John suddenly realized he hadn’t seen any photos displayed in the house. Sherlock didn’t exhibit any at the flat, either, so John hadn’t noticed the lack at Weald House as it was all much the same. But how different from the crowded walls he’d grown up with. At his parents’ house you couldn’t turn around without coming face to face with some old snapshot.
Sherlock absorbed this, and for a moment John thought he’d broken through to him. But then the eyes narrowed. “And does this little speech stem from the same concern that caused you to take over six hours to show up?”
“What?” Sherlock asked, his own mind having been elsewhere. “We need to keep moving, even if we don’t go to Lambeth tonight.” He started off again, and John hurried to keep up with all the abrupt turnings Sherlock took through the streets.
“No thanks.” John took a seat in one of the chairs that surrounded the old wood table at the far end of the room and pulled on his boots, aware that Sherlock was watching without appearing to watch at all. “Ready?” John asked him once he’d managed the task with what he hoped was minimal wincing and grimacing.
“I’m looking for a sketch of a Candlemas mural,” Sherlock informed him. “You, on the other hand, don’t seem to be looking for much of anything.”
He was so involved in figuring it out, several minutes passed before he realized John had returned. Sherlock looked over and saw his flatmate had turned an irregular shade of grey-green.
He felt Moriarty move in close again. “Do you have any idea what he and his boyfriend do to one other in this bed?” he murmured in Sherlock’s ear.
“Because the green room has a connecting door to the blue room, and my room is blue. Or so she says.”
This wasn’t life and death, but it counted, John thought. Sherlock had chosen him over his family (not that it was saying much; in John’s experience, Sherlock would choose most anything over his family). And it was only a theoretical situation. But John felt sure it had cost Sherlock something to admit a moment of sentiment, and now he was attempting to bury it under a mountain of work.
“I’ve heard stranger, believe me,” Lestrade said. “But if you’re saying there’s no crime, then what are we investigating here?” He gestured to the building behind them.
“I’m not sure I see how that’s pertinent, but it makes you laugh at least. Which was the point at the time.”
“Asking John to come by.” Sherlock put the phone away and began scanning the room’s mostly vacant white walls. “Moving out, I take it.”
Sherlock’s eyes skimmed the rows of portraits that marched along the walls of the room. “He was the last of the family?” he asked, not quite able to bring himself to take another look.
“And you’re only here to see me because I’m useful in a way, too,” Irene said bitterly, then added with some reluctance, “But I’ve figured out how to do it.”
“Good boy,” John sighed when Sherlock sputtered and began to draw in air. He pulled Sherlock to sitting, then helped him to stand, keeping an arm around him to hold him steady. John could feel the shivers running through Sherlock’s body; it being early spring, the water probably hadn’t been unfrozen for more than a couple weeks and was still extremely cold. The rain didn’t help.
“Never assume, and try not to guess if you can avoid it,” Sherlock told her as she brought over his plate.
They listened to the stumble and shuffle of Jonah’s feet as he made his way to wardrobe, followed by another sound so quiet it would have been missed if there had been any other noise.
Sherlock glanced back at the door. He didn’t want to lock John out, but he didn’t want to leave the door unlocked, either. Deciding that he (or Mrs. Hudson, for that matter) could always let John back in, Sherlock stepped over and turned the lock.
“I don’t know. You tell me.” John reached into the interior pocket of his suit and removed the letter.
Tamzen snorted. “Jonah’s not fun even when he’s not high.” She stood up just as Sherlock’s phone rang, not that he could hear it over the general noise in the room, but he felt it buzz. “I’m gonna go get a drink. Want anything?
“Jeremy!” Elyse yelped when she saw him, and the dogs stood, a couple of them letting out yelps of their own.
Sherlock looked back down the corridor as if considering returning to John’s room, ostensibly to confront him. “Don’t,” Irene said with a shake of her head. “Don’t do that to him. Talk to Mycroft first at least.”
“Not what, who,” said Irene with exasperation. “That’s Tamzen; she works wardrobe for our show. Next to her is Jonah. And the last one is Demetria.”
John began slowing his steps, uncertain now what to do. He supposed he should bring Irene up to see Sherlock and let him—
It was dark; the clock read 3:14. Sherlock peered at the figure slumbering next to him. He listened to the soft, steady breathing and knew the worst was over.
John waited for more, but evidently that was all the explanation he was going to get. “And why is that?” he asked. When Sherlock still didn’t answer, John changed the subject. “Miss Baskerville is a lovely young lady.”
John was armed with all this, so when Sherlock did finally turn to look at him and merely asked, “What would you do, John, if you had only one, maybe two hours to live?” he was almost disappointed. And very much thrown off his game.
They walked in silence for a while, Irene turning corners now and again, though she was careful to keep where there were a significant number of people. Then Sherlock said, “He’d have done the same thing, I think.”
John had to admit, the smells wafting from the flat were mouth-watering. But then, hungry as he was, it didn’t take much to make his stomach rumble. Reluctantly, he followed Sherlock inside.
Sherlock’s cheeks colored. When it appeared he wasn’t going to answer, John said, “Mycroft left it for me, an old letter from Whitcombe to Sherlock, written early on during his imprisonment.”
Small talk having no value, Sherlock went directly to the point when he entered the flat and found Mycroft making tea in the kitchen. “Irene says you helped John through a relapse.” Okay, so it wasn’t exactly to the point, given that he’d opted for a euphemism, but Sherlock rationalized it was better than pointing out whatever tea Mycroft was brewing smelled like sweaty socks.
Sherlock shook his head, not in the sense of a negative answer so much as to emphasize that he didn’t know. He took Irene’s hand and together they weaved their way through the backstage and exited into the alley. Once there, however, Sherlock was at a loss for direction, so Irene steered him along to the street that ran behind the club, turned them sharply to the right, and eased them into the tangled tide that was New York’s nightlife.
John dragged his eyes from the place Sherlock had exited and forced himself to engage in “vapid” conversation, wherein he learned that Sherlock’s mother had been a stage actress before meeting and marrying Terrence Holmes (explained a lot, John felt) and that the family came from a line of country squires, though Weald House had been given to an ancestor as payment for services of some kind.
Sherlock tilted his head just slightly, and John recognized the expression on his face—it was the same calculating look Sherlock got when formulating a way to catch someone in a lie, or else trick them into telling the truth. “Well . . .”
John’s response was an indistinct murmur, but when guided, he obediently stood and moved forward, though he required a hefty amount of support. The medic came over to help, steering John from the left while Sherlock remained on his right, and somehow they managed to get down to the car, though Sherlock guessed it took well over five minutes.
“Mycroft found where Charles was keeping you, so I came home to get you. Which is what I should have done in the first place,” Sherlock admitted, “what I would have done if I’d been thinking clearly.”
They lapsed into silence, but it was of the companionable sort, the kind that came with hard-won victories and well-earned fatigue. In fact, they were very close to falling asleep where they sat except Sherlock’s side protested when he began to slump. “Christ,” he hissed, “when does the medicine kick in?”
Sherlock closed his eyes and breathed in the words. Because, yes, he’d gone to Weald House to see that John was well, but he’d also gone to see if there was any evidence of John’s affection for this new arrival. Pictures? Or worse, was Eoin himself at the house? He’d been relieved to discover that quite the opposite was true, that much at Weald House acted as testimony to John’s devotion to Sherlock. Though it troubled Sherlock somewhat to see the ring was absent from John’s finger.
“Well,” said Irene, sitting back against her chair, “I’m surprised you’re that self-aware. And yet still remarkably stupid.”
But the question was answered for him when the door to John’s bedroom opened and John emerged, bleary-eyed and blinking as if even the low lamplight was too bright.
Lestrade pegged Sherlock with a hard stare. “You can hardly look after yourself, much less a recovering addict. Do you have any idea what—?”
This was originally just the one story, “The Obstructed View,” though clearly it ballooned. And I didn’t at first intend to bring John and Sherlock into an intimate relationship, though that ended up seeming to be the natural progression.
Mycroft handed him a highball glass of dark amber liquid that smelled very potent. “Four as I recall. Queen Victoria awarded three and kept one for herself.”
“Found it with the body,” John told him. He started walking, quickly, almost as if he wished to shake his companion loose.
“Lucky to have Sherlock for a bit, though. Mycroft makes it once a quarter, but Sherlock usually only bothers at Christmas. Can’t think what might have brought him here now . . .” And she pinned John with a wide-eyed look that clearly invited him to confide in her.
