They all grieved for Tony together, cremating his body along with Sue’s and scattering their ashes to the winds.
“Right…” Peter remembered her sort of, she was a pretty popular girl, her heart shaped face, budding hour-glass shape, and sunny nature making her a beacon for people in school. She wasn’t one of the “It” group, but she was one of popular kids who had a large array of friends.
“I’m sorry.” He choked out, letting Peter beat him, not deflecting the blows or trying to calm him down, just letting Peter get the rage out of him.
“It’s science fiction, emphasis on the fiction!” Peter cried.
“Now Harry.” Osborn barked at his son, then glared at the Detective, “I want my lawyer,” He spat, “And I will be taking your badge for this insult.”
“Tony no that’s…”
Peter rolled his eyes, “Not a munchkin and I’m too old to believe in the bed bugs story now.”
I would urge them both to end things now before anyone gets hurt, especially the children.”
He found himself having to fight his way past Paps and Fans as he went out for his morning runs, Sam often going with him, being an early riser thanks to his years in the military and able to manage the long gruelling runs Steve went on, even if he couldn’t keep up pace with the Captain and was frequently being lapped by him.
“Jarvis what….” Tony didn’t get to finish the sentence as the room exploded.
Laughing Steve wrapped his arms about Tony’s waist, helping to lift him up and down while thrusts his hips up, driving his cock into the hot, wet flexing muscles that were squeezing and tormenting his cock in just the perfect way. Between his and Tony’s bodies he could feel Tony’s cock leaking, the Omega might not be fully aware of it, but entire body was enjoying this, something Steve was as grateful for as Tony himself.
"Then has he got that bug that makes you poo and barf everywhere, like Mamma had?"
He had Steve.
As she approached Curien’s room she sighed and pouted shaking her head and looked back at the ward unhappily.
Steve looked up at him confused and hurting, yet hopeful too, a hope that Tony had to extinguish before it hurt the Captain even more. Because this could never be anything and Tony had to make Steve see that, so he could stop kidding himself and go and find an Omega his own age, one who was without emotional baggage, covered in scars, and already had two kids.
“He doesn’t have the legs for tights like Steve does.” Tony said teasing both his husband and Peter.
Then a stray memory came to him, of a blonde woman with finger curled hair, dimples in her cheeks, and a warm smile on her face, serving up kedgeree for breakfast. The memory was gone in an instant and Bucky frowned. That had been his Mother hadn’t it? She’d died in 38. Nearly a hundred years ago now.
Steve knew it was illogical, knew that this was not his Tony. But he couldn’t help but hope that Tony and Pepper did not get back together. It was stupid. He had no claim on this Tony, but he felt drawn to him, and not just because he reminded him of his Tony.
Steve didn’t know if Omega’s and Female Betas had spoken about sex like that, if they had shared stories of conquests like their Alpha and male beta counterparts. He’d figured not, as there was the great risk of an unmarried pregnancy and it was still expected that a female Beta or an Omega would be a virgin on their wedding night. Whether or not they really were was questionable, but it was what society had expected they be, or at least seem to be.
Natasha narrowed her eyes as she looked at Fury, “You already suspect what is wrong with Stark.”
“Lets shower and go out for something to eat.” Tony suggested, relishing the soreness he felt, his body ached in the best way, he felt like he’d run a marathon, was throbbing but exhilarated and euphoric, he’d never felt like that with Stane, he’d always felt empty and used after his heats, with Steve he felt cherished, desired, and secure.
“Looks can be deceptive.” The detective said, “Maybe this is karma getting even with him, and I hope I don’t even meet who shot him, I’d rather thank them than arrest them for it!”
Hours past with Steve growing more and more fearful until finally the Doctors and Director Fury approached them, their expressions grave, which immediately had Steve fearing the worst.
He flinched when Steve pressed a cup of hot chocolate into his hands and looked up with a frown, “Shouldn’t you be calling for people in white coats, getting me committed or something?” Tony asked, his voice harsh and tone defeated. It was clear that if Steve did this then Tony wouldn’t fight him, wouldn’t stop him at all, the desire to fight had gone out of Tony, he was apathetic, and it was a horrible thing to see. Steve never wanted to see it again.
“I don’t like them!” Zach yelled throwing himself into Tony’s arms and burying his face into his chest, “Make them go away, don’t wanna get eaten by Commodore thing!”
“Well, at least I have you.” He said to the infant stepping into the tunnel only to lurch back as Vision appeared in front of him.
“Yeah she is, and she’s all yours.” Tony said, “You can do with her what you like.”
Within an hour a ship at landed in New York and a couple of Aliens were standing in the street.
While they exchanged further snarky comments, Tony and Harley worked on Jarvis’ system and Iron Man before Harley took Tony into the town, where he met with Chad Davies’ Mother.
Loki’s antlers and armour disappeared and he held up his hands in surrender.
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve felt like a knife had been thrust into his heart at Tony’s broken admittance. Was that what he thought, that Steve hated him? When had that happened? Why did he think that?
“Everything is not fine.” Tony said and Lily let out a shrill wail, “See! Even she knows it’s not okay!” Steve gave him an eye roll,
“Eight months.” He said, his voice hoarse with Tony’s hand still clamped about his wind pipe, “You are in a base just outside of Baku. We took you from the base in Siberia, your capture had been planned for a long time, a replica, a shape shifting alien had already been acquired to take your place so no one would suspect that anything was wrong.”
Jarvis came up with the location of the Falcon Wings, and Steve went with Sam and Natasha to liberate them from the silo, “Just like getting back on the horse.” Sam declared, taking them for a test flight, he was only a few feet off the ground, both to stay below radar and to minimize injury if they failed, which they didn’t and Sam could officially be part of the line up to take down Hydra.
Tony shut himself in the bedroom to cry, not wanting any of the team and certainly not Zach or Peter to see him crying.
“That is something I’d like to know too.” Rhodey agreed.
“Let me go!” Zach screamed, kicking and punching for all he was worth, he caught Maya’s mouth and actually split her lip, making the man who’d gotten out of the car laugh, the second man in the seat besides Zach was less amused and grabbed hold of Zach’s flailing arms.
Tony sighed, “He was greedy.” He said eventually, “He wanted the company and all of the money.”
“And I’ll go and put some coffee on.” Tony said still looking half asleep, he wished Peter a merry Christmas as he headed to the bathroom to wash his face, brush his teeth, and empty his bladder, wishing that Zach’s body clock wasn’t set on waking at the crack of dawn.
“Then lets us all go.” Clint said. But a chilling laugh echoed throughout the room and all four people stiffened and Aldrich Killian himself came in.
“Guys, a little less chatter?” Peter hissed, wishing his uniform wasn’t so brightly coloured as he tried to stay hidden in the shadows, MJ was hacking the security systems, but as she didn’t want to risk triggering any alarms she was only going to tamper with them for a few moments, forty seconds to be exact while Peter got inside the building, and then again on his way out.
“Physical exercise is said to help alleviate stress.” Jarvis allowed. “It would not hurt to attempt it.”
Zach stared at Tony for several minutes them wriggled over to be enveloped in Tony’s arms, pressing his head against Tony’s chest.
“Shall I get the airbeds filled?” Peter called leaning into the boot to get them out along with the pump.
“Victoria Campbell. She has taken a leave of absence for reasons unspecified, however I have, and I hope you will forgive me for the breech of her privacy. Followed a trail of her credit cards and it seems she is heading for Las Vegas and has made the purchase of wedding gown.”
“Monsters.” Peter said, “Cross bred animals, he’s got a freaking monkey alligator thing in here, giant spiders, and, holy shit!” Peter stared at the next thing he saw with disbelief. It had a lions head complete with a mane of fur, but the body was shorter, more compact and instead of fur on its back it had feathers and the legs didn’t end in paws but with talons that looked wickedly razor sharp.
“Remarkably well.” Tony said looking as proud as he felt, “They’ve both insulted me, tormented me, and are plotting my death, so its business as usual really.”
“Well hire him then,” Steve said, “We can always offer him team membership, it’d only activate on the if and when, not a daily basis, so he’d only come out of retirement if the world was in peril.”
He was Obie’s Omega and that meant he was off limits to everyone else, not that it stopped people flirting with him and he learned to flirt back, drowned his nerves with whiskey and put on a loud and brash show when in public, only being himself in the lab, where only Obie, Pepper, and Rhodey saw him.
“We’re in the middle of nowhere.” Tony said rolling his eyes, “And both boys have seen us nude before, so it really doesn’t matter.”
Steve ran to window looking out at the retreating sight of Thor and Zach as they flew away. As the pair faded into the distance Steve’s legs gave out on him and fell to his knees breaking down into a flood of tears.
******
At first everything was a bit fuzzy, his head felt heavy, his whole body seemed floppy and uncooperative, he couldn’t speak, or was advised not to until the Doctors had finished checking his throat and making sure he could swallow water without choking and had no lasting damage from the intubation.
"No, he doesn't have gastric flu." Bruce said his cheeks turning slightly pink since Zach spoke in a voice loud enough for everyone in the cafe to hear him. A couple of people looked disgusted, some were laughing quietly, while the elder patrons gave Bruce sympathetic looks obviously recalling their own Pups being rather out spoken at inapropriate times.
Tony whimpered and clutched his chest looking stricken and Phil and Pepper, “What did I do to deserve such abuse?”
Everyone turned to the billionaire; some with a curious expression on their faces (Natasha and Thor); some with an amused grin (Barton); others just gaped (Steve); and then there was Bruce, who was sleeping quietly.
“Hey, Steve..”
“It doesn’t make any difference. Or, are you afraid of something, Mr. Stark?” The Black Widow slightly raised an eyebrow at Tony as to challenge him.
Thor was the first to take his glass and drank nonchalantly followed by Bruce, who was just tired and didn’t give it much thought.
“What a narcissist. Why am I not surprised?” Hawkeyes muttered.
Tony sat next to Bruce and pulled out his phone. Steve didn’t miss the smirk that appeared on the brunet’s face as he tapped on it. He explained they needed this app called ‘picolo’ to play the game. He typed the names of the participants so the app would tell them who had to do what and if someone lost a ‘challenge’ or didn’t follow the instructions they had to drink.
“Actually, you just have to go and sit where Steve was sitting before. You two must switch places.” Natasha explained gently.
The first one was Natasha. She didn’t drink. She was also well aware of the stares directed at her. Her response was a not-so-discreet smirk followed by the words: “Being in a relationship doesn’t always imply that you have to suck dicks, you know? I mean, well, apparently you don’t.”
“Thor, it’s your turn now.” Natasha told the blond, after watching Stark drink again.
They were about to continue to play when someone else took their drink as the Black Widow did.
“Don’t be a baby, Tony, you know it is.”
If anyone had been drinking in that moment they would’ve likely spit it. It wasn’t like they were shocked, but certainly they didn’t see it coming. The Avengers were caught off guard by that statement and now they couldn’t escape.
Or better, on someone.
“Well, since this was the last challenge and Steve lost, I think we can finish here, guys.” Natasha stood up and gave the phone back to Tony.
He adopted Thor’s strategy and started looking around as if he could find his reply somewhere in the room. After a few moments, he set his eyes on something like he had already done several times that night.
“Oh, poor creature!” Clint and Thor’s laughter – especially Thor’s – echoed in the room. Steve tried to repress a chuckle, but failed (and if anyone had asked he would’ve denied it, but he couldn’t help imagining how Tony would look wearing high heels). Even Natasha giggled a little.
“Yeah, we forgot to tell you this.. if no one drinks after hearing the statement starting with ‘Never have I ever’, the person who has said it loses the game and must drink.” Clint politely clarified.
“Looks like it’s your turn to drink, Tasha. Vodka?” Clint offered to fill her glass and she nodded. He seemed to be a little disappointed because, honestly, he hoped this game would’ve been funnier, but apparently, people didn’t have the same concept of entertainment as him. Where the hell was their sense of humour? He was starting to get bored.
It took a bit longer than Tony would’ve liked, but eventually everyone calmed down.
“I didn’t decide it! The game generates instructions randomly with the names you put in!”
It had been a very nice night so far and the team seemed to enjoy spending time together like this, bickering, laughing and having fun like normal people. It had all been thanks to Tony’s idea. Steve had been sceptical at the beginning, but now he could admit he was positively surprised and happy. He realised Tony had made him feel like this more than once since they met. Obviously, the man had many flaws – he was stubborn, arrogant, childish, just to begin with – and they argued a lot about a lot of things. But still, sometimes he couldn’t take his eyes off him.
To his slight surprise, Steve gets his meaning right away. Well, it helps that the song is at the chorus again.
Steve chuckles.
”Hey”, Tony says into the silence after a while, Steve humming for an answer. ”Wanna have emotional pre life-or-death situation sex like last night?”
“That’s sweet, honey”, Tony tells him. “You’ve been – ah”, he pauses as Steve clenches tightly around him, a shaky groan rising from his throat – “you’ve been good, baby.” He runs his hands lovingly along Steve’s sides, his hands tender and the look on his face more than little possessive, and Steve’s body rocks back against him on its own, his toes curling as he feels himself getting closer and closer to the edge. His cock is leaking desperately to the floor and Steve’s mind goes blank as it catches his eye.
”We will be all right, won’t we, Tony?” Steve says after a moment. It’s more a statement than a question. Tony kisses his hair, his palm pressed over Steve’s stomach protectively.
As his eyes meet Steve’s, Tony realises that he’s shaking. Steve, on the other hand, looks calm, even though he cannot possibly be that. Tony’s throat feels dry as he answers.
“Blow me”, he mumbled.
”Fine, I guess”, he says, brows knitting as he tries to think of what has happened, to figure out why Thor is here and how is it possible for him to be smelling like an alpha. In the end, he turns to look at Nat confusedly. He’s too out of it to think for himself.
He goes on for almost an hour, coming three or four times, but something feels off. He doesn’t feel as foggy as he usually gets, and the pain isn’t easing, it’s getting worse. It isn’t even centred in his lower body. It’s in his chest, and eventually it grows so disturbing that he stops, pulling the toy out with a whine.
Steve was asleep. Tony huffed at the realization, but a soft smile crept onto his face. Heat took a huge amount of energy, and Steve excelled at saving his up for when it was needed – like a couple of hours later from now to wake Tony up to knot him again.
”Why are you so angry at me? What have I done?” he asks after a moment. His voice is calm, but distant.
”I don’t regret helping you”, Steve says. ”It’s good to have you back, Buck.”
”How did –”, he’d started before deciding that that wasn’t how he wanted to phrase it. He had seen how it happened. ”Where was Kit when…” he’d tried again, but he hadn’t been able to make himself continue, to say the words aloud. An acidic feeling had settled into his stomach, and it hadn’t been the coffee.
He just needs to get away from his head for a while.
His alpha really was gorgeous. Steve loved his dark hair and eyes more than he could ever put into words, and he loved the wrinkles in the corners of Tony’s eyes when he smiled, loved the soft body hair on his stomach, loved the feeling of his cock inside of him. All of him.
Tony rushes to the window.
“You’ve earned it”, Tony tells him as he kneels behind him. His hands massage Steve’s sides and back, and from this angle Steve can see everything so well. He can see Tony’s hands moving on his skin firmly, see the skirt and the stockings, and all of the self-consciousness that came with them just isn’t there anymore, he couldn’t care less. He can see his own cock peaking from under the skirt, heavy and wet.
Seemed he wouldn’t have to wait for long, because Steve pressed his body firmly against him, including his cock that Tony could feel hard against his ass. Steve’s capability to grow an erection in approximately two seconds at the mere mention of sex never ceased to amaze Tony. The corner of his mouth twitched, and he ground his hips against Steve lazily. A couple of kisses were planted across Tony’s neck, a hand gripping his hip promisingly.
Steve chuckles, shaking his head a little as he crouches down.
Steve looks from the stranger to Bruce – it’s definitely Bruce – warily. Kieran reaches for Steve’s face, most probably as a sign that he doesn’t like this, and Steve shifts his head to not get a finger into his eye. Strange’s eyes catch the small movement, turning from Tony to Steve.
”Where’d he go?” he asks, looking around. There’s a fight going on, right?
”Do you wanna to go to ooma too, Emmy?”
He has a lot of things he has to tell Tony, and he goes to look for him in the medical bay, finding Emmett sleeping in there. Tony steps into the room just moments after him.
The boys actually get along – despite his teasing Emmett tends to take on a bit of a protective role with Kieran, as he is practically four months older now because of the Blip. He has inherited Tony’s quick mouth, but Kieran is the one who is Tony’s kid through and through; he’d sleep in the workshop if he were allowed. Well, about 97 percent Tony’s kid; when a bee stings him or play gets too rough, he’s usually quick to run into the safety of Steve’s arms. Emmett, on the other hand, seems to like stealing moments with just his oma and him, often appearing to help Steve with chores without asking or sneaking into the room while Steve works or draws, where he just sits on the floor quietly playing a game or reading a book.
When they’d then learned that Steve seemed to be healing fully after all, Tony had broken into tears just because he had been so happy for Steve. Steve deserved the world. A year later, when Steve had had his last heat, tests had shown that he could get pregnant again. He hadn’t, of course, as Tony had been getting his usual injections. But now, he’s dropped off them, and he can feel it, the unrestrained rut that is coming in response to Steve’s heat.
Tony nods.
And that’s the simple story of how Steve has ended up here in their bathroom, trying to fit his legs into thin, white stockings, his face so hot you could’ve fried an egg on it. He already has a red corset on – how the hell he’d managed that by himself will be something for future generations to debate over, or would be if they ever found out, which will happen over Steve’s dead body. The corset is accompanied by a short, blue skirt and underneath it, white, lacy strings. It’s his colours all right, and Steve still isn’t sure if Tony had picked them more out of preference or simply for his amusement.
”He’s…” Steve trails off to let out a more bitter laugh than Bucky can ever remember hearing from him. ”He’s like fire.”
”You mess with time, it tends to mess back. You’ll see.”
down). When Tony’s tongue prods against his rim, Steve can’t control the way it makes him clench, his hole desperate for the invasion.
”All right”, Tony continues briskly, setting his tablet down and getting up from his chair. ”You guys ready? Then dishes to the sink; shoes, coats, hats and gloves on, you know the drill. Happy’s been waiting for so long his license has probably expired meanwhile.”
”I think you need to…” Steve tries, his air running out mid-sentence.
The whip touches Steve’s back lightly, the tip of it traveling down his spine until it reaches his tailbone. Tony uses the whip to push the skirt up so that it isn’t covering Steve’s ass, leaving it bare again.
When he’s come down, Tony reaches down and experimentally tries to pull away a bit. Steve groans in pain.
Bruce stares at him.
”Think about it once more. If your alpha is still alive, I’m sure he’ll appreciate more finding out that you’ve been with another than finding you dead when he comes back.”
Tony shuts his mouth. He stares at Steve, first confused, then defensive. Steve stares him right back, expression pained with the weight of the truth. Finally, Tony tears his eyes away, looking at his hands instead.
”You’re worried a depressed and angry god of thunder is
As he hears Thor patiently explain what happened, the memories start coming back to Steve. He shortly remembers the curse, the indescribable pain and the feeling of air being punched out of him. But he’s too tired to stay awake for longer.
Steve realized that he was growling when he felt Tony caress his back.
”That was built on 1968.”
”It’s okay”, Tony sighs, and he rests a hand on Steve’s shoulder. Emotions storm through him at the contact – disappointment, longing, grief, anger, all in one. ”You can cry.” But one of them is stronger than all of the others, the one the bond between them is meant for, and it feels like coming home. ”We can cry”, Tony adds, tears escaping to his cheeks too, and for the first time in a year, their bond is - silently, exhaustedly, but still - channeling them the word ”love”.
He ignored the slight drop in Tony’s expression, kissing a trail up his neck to his ear. There had been wounds there, too, but they were already scarring.
Bucky smiles at his friend’s miserable face. Even the greatest tacticians can sometimes be stupid.
Tony tugs at his hair, making Steve wince a little, and it’s good, so good. Everything becomes comfortably numb, and there’s nothing else but the overwhelming physical sensation of Tony hammering into him. It’s rough and ugly, but there’s no malevolence in the air. If there was, the bond would give it away.
”Well”, he begun, pausing to solve his throat. ”You were coming and going, but you were being pretty… affectionate towards me, and at some point, when I was sitting talking to Nat, you sat on my lap and told me that you wanted me to ’milk you till you were desperate’ and ’pin you down and fuck your brains out’. You said other things, but that was the gist of it.”
The confession should perhaps make Steve more disappointed in Tony, but he just can’t find it in himself to feel that. He reaches for Tony’s hand.
”I’m the problem”, he starts. ”I’m not good with emotions. I get… weird.”
”I want daddy to take care of me”, he said, staring at Tony from under his long lashes.
”I don’t know.” Steve says indifferently. Then he remembers how Bucky had looked at the twins. ”Yeah, it was good. Thank you.”
”Would you stop with that already?” he snarls quietly.
Then one day, when they’re having their joined dinner, Steve says something that turns Tony’s blood cold. It has been one of the less communicative evenings again, and Tony has turned the kitchen TV on to fill up the silence. An ad for a new make-up rolls up.
Exhaustedly and unwillingly, Steve obeys his body’s urges and tries to get up from the bed to go look for the toy he’d thrown. He almost gets to his feet before a horrific pain strikes him and makes him fall to the floor. Breathing raggedly, he tries to move forward on his knees, but the pain is so vivid that he can’t see from it. The world is spinning in his head.
”You’re not leaving me”, Steve had told him determinedly, his eyes searching for something, someone, qualifying as medical help. ”Listen to me, Tony. You’re not allowed.”
”You don’t know how much I love you”, he says, and it shatters Tony because his voice is desperate like he actually believes it.
”So I’m your sugar-daddy now?”
”Honey”, Tony chides him with a grin, leaning to kiss Steve’s hair.
“I know”, Tony says. “We don’t have to do anything you’re not comfortable with. We don’t have to do anything at all. But I’m here if you want to”, he tells gently, trying to lighten the atmosphere a little by adding: “It’s sort of one of the things I exist for.”
Then Tony has the massage oil in his hands again, and he pours a generous amount of it on his hands, coating Steve’s chest with it. Steve’s not sure where this is going but it’s already feeling extremely dirty, and as Tony begins to massage his slippery chest, he shuts his eyes, his cheeks warming. It feels good, though, like he’s being completely dismissed as a person for a moment and just toyed with.
”Let him sleep, then”, Tony says. ”It’s just good to… you know.”
Satisfied, Steve started to kiss his way down Tony’s body. The atmosphere was safe and peaceful, but he was still excited to make Tony feel good, and he didn’t waste time pulling Tony’s underwear off him.
”Please”, Steve moaned raggedly as Tony nipped his neck with a promise of a growl on his lips.
. He shudders violently, his ass throbbing around Tony’s cock.
Not entirely sure of what’s happening, Steve just puts his arms around Tony, and they stand there without saying anything. Tony keeps smelling him greedily, inhale after inhale, and eventually Steve starts to think that he can guess what’s going on. He pets Tony’s hair calmingly.
”That’s it. Good”, Tony praised Steve when he’d gotten the pillow placed. Carefully, he got up to his knees, Steve’s legs wrapping around him instantly.
Damn right he is in pain and whose fault is that? Who is Steve to tell him what to do? He’ll drink himself to death if he wants to.
”The hell we will”, Steve mutters. Emmett babbles curiously as the three of them march after him. He keeps a slight distance, though, approaching the visitors more carefully than Tony since he has the twins with him.
There’s no answer.
Steve whimpers, his torso slumping to the mattress. Tony kisses his hole, his beard rubbing against his perineum, and Steve can’t, he cannot do it, but somehow he forces himself to. He forces himself to keep himself relaxed, open and inviting as Tony swirls his tongue around his rim. Steve’s cock juts in frustration; it feels too good and his body needs to respond, needs to suck back at the teasing tongue.
”Maybe”, Steve chuckled vaguely, laying his head back down.
”Hm? How’s that, baby?” Tony’s eyes are drilling into Steve’s as he slides against him, squeezing his pecs around his cock, using his own hands to cover for the part Steve’s pecs won’t reach.
“Okay, that’s enough from you, here’s your tip, thank you”, Tony had stopped Steve, shoving a stupidly big bill into the awkwardly smiling delivery guy’s hand and pushing Steve back inside.
Steve solves his throat. ”You – you really don’t smell me?”
He sighs. Bucky’s not sure if he wants to do this, but Steve’s done so much for him, risked quite literally his everything to protect him. Perhaps it wouldn’t hurt to understand a little what is going on in Steve’s head; in his life.
”Oh, please, this one’s already losing the color”, Tony points to Emmett. Steve notices he’s right – Emmett’s hair is much lighter than the last time he’s paid attention to it. Tony seems to notice what he’s thinking, his face falling from the implications of Steve only realising it just now. ”I think he’s getting my eyes, though”, he rushes to say.
”Me”, Tony says easily. ”Fuck!” he shouts then, making Steve cringe.
”Are you mad?” Tony almost cringes at the belligerent undertone in his own voice, but Steve looks completely unaffected.
Steve sighs, relieved, but Bruce looks worried.
Steve doesn’t think much of the question. It’s a perfectly expectable one, and he answers it easily.
He squeezed his eyes shut, gasping for dear breath as Steve’s weight pressed him down, his own screams wasting what little air he had. Feeling dizzy, he hoped Steve’s pleasure would give away before his body would – an uncomfortable turn in his stomach reminded Tony of his hangover. He could’ve said something, that it was too much, except his cock was still hard and with a shout he came again, his body shaking violently. Thankfully, the squeezes of his walls pushed Steve over the edge this time too, and he came inside Tony with a soft grunt, hips jerking uncontrollably.
you’ll be fine?” Thor asks suddenly from his chair. Steve turns to look at him. Only now Steve realises that he sounds drunk.
“Come on, wake up, honey.”
And then Tony’s mouth is on him, his tongue drawing a line that follows Steve’s perineum up, and Steve shudders, his mind going blank, a filthy moan leaving him. But Tony stops just before his hole and steers his mouth to his ass cheeks instead, nipping them one after the other. Soon his tongue continues to tease downwards again, brushing the edges of where Steve wants it, teases and teases but doesn’t go quite there. When Tony mouths his cheeks again, a hungry snarl rumbling out of his throat, Steve whimpers, his breath short, and he just wants
”Fuck”, he cursed, feeling how the pleasure started instantly tightening in his lower stomach at the increased stimulation. Steve was making a continuous, whimpering noise, and Tony’s eyes again traveled over his omega’s body greedily.
Tony hummed. He then turned onto his side and nuzzled Steve’s hair.
”Oh, sweetheart”, he sighed, pressing his lips to Steve’s hair. ”I really owe you that milk.”
Steve sighs through his nose, and it comes out a little unsteadily due to Tony’s fingers massaging him. ”I just want to be good for you.”
”That’s not fair”, Steve breathes out in a small voice, and goddamn it he’s stupid. Tony probably would’ve overlooked his out of control hips, but now he’s not only talked without permission, but talked
“It’s doubtful that their injuries would be consistent with a car crash if they were assassinated.” He explained the Steve, “So in all likelihood the Doctor who performed the autopsies was either Hydra or was paid off by them to falsify the records.”
With practised ease Tony posed for a few photos then made way for the next person to come out of the car; Steve was next, stepping out and freezing for a moment as the attention was turned onto him. Feeling like a deer in the headlights he managed to force a smile and a wave, quickly joining Tony. Next came Natasha, an enigmatic smile on her face, her smokey eyes giving seductive half-lidded winks to the cameras as she glided up to join Tony and Steve.
“Would you care to reconsider your position?” Strange asked, mystical weapons conjured and ready for use, Ebony whirled back around with a snarl and lunged for Strange, only to be deflected by him and thrown down the road,
“I would have thought so.” Tony mumbled looking back at the letter and pursing his lips, “We need to verify that this is genuine.” Turning he headed off down the hall with Steve following after him a few seconds later.
Tony didn’t have time to celebrate though, as Rogers shield hit him in the head, sending him spiralling to the ground. He landed badly, his right arm crumpled beneath him and he let out a hoarse cry as her felt bones break. He didn’t have a chance to do more than turn himself over as Rogers was on him, pinning him down and beating at the helmet with the shield.
We just some of the questions Zach was asked by practically a school full of entranced children, only a few kept their distance from him, their parents prejudice too engrained in them to give Zach a fair chance. It didn’t matter to Zach, he had more than enough attention around him and his friends had greeted him with hugs, happy that he was back with them again.
“In the morning.” Steve said catching Zach about the waist and easily lifted the Pup up and over his head making Zach laugh and squirm, “Now a good soldier makes sure that his quarters are always in order, are you a good soldier?” Zach nodded his head his expression becoming earnest, “Then help your Mamma put your clothes away nice and tidy.”
Once Breakfast was over, Tony sent Zach and Peter off to wash and dress, getting a few minutes with Steve along before Bruce came into the kitchen in search of breakfast and coffee.
“And look at this, room with a view, ensuite, sky TV, everything a guy needs right?” Rhodey said gesturing to the window.
“Six am Sir.”
“No,” Steve said, “That team is not my team, and at present I am grieving for my family and friends, I would not be fit to take up arms. I need time to process everything and work through my grief.” The reporters seemed impressed by the very mature decision Steve had made in regards to his fitness to act as an Avengers while coming to terms with his loss.
“We know.” Natasha said quietly, “The Doctor told us.”
Tony felt a painful lump build in his throat, before he even knew what he was doing he had reached out and placed his hand on Steve’s arm, gently squeezing the impressive bicep, “You’re welcome to stay here, as long as you want,”
Taking Morgan outside with Vision and Rhodey, Tony walked up to the Quinjet greeting Steve with a kiss as he descended from the jet.
“Maybe it was too soon.” Tony agreed, “I’m sorry we pushed you too fast.”
“Dalek attack!” Peter cried starting up the daleks, making Zach shriek and shut the doors so he could defend the Tardis!
They remained on the floor in each others arms until the door was knocked, “Uh guys, I hate to disturb the… whatever is going on in there….”
“Tony!” Steve laughed.
They went to the Backster Building. The Tower and The Mansion were already gone.
*****
Pepper had kept the news quiet for as long as she could, but by the fifth day the news broke and she was left handling the fallout as the paparazzi descended on the hospital, Stark Industries, and everywhere they thought they might be able to get a story.
While I got plenty of attention when I became enhanced, it wasn’t aimed at me, Steve Roger’s it was at Captain America, the symbol I was turned into. It was the enhancement that people were attracted to, not the man and that made me worried that I would never find true acceptance or be anything but a figure on a pedestal for people to gawk at.”
Steve shrugged, “Just about 800lbs.”
“I am not a fighter, as such.”
“Friday?” Tony repeated, “She’s online?”
“Admit it.” Steve said when they made a brief stop to rehydrate and have some snacks,
Tony nodded off after an hour in the air, he still wasn’t sleeping well, was being plagued by nightmares that he was still refusing to talk about no matter how much Steve pressed him.
Pepper looked thoughtful, “I am not going to say no to this, but I want to look into it more first.” She said, “Have a look at any legalities and what we would need to do to go about it.”
“I don’t know what to do.” He whispered to Bruce, “Pepper’s in the hospital with Happy, Rhodey is God knows where doing God knows what, and Tony….” Might be dead….
Rogers had kept his answers to no comments as Sam and Natasha had ordered him, and as they were escorting him whenever he came into contact with the press, they made damn sure he didn’t say anything more than that.
“Fuck no, nor caviar, why the hell is that on the list, Jarvis is Pepper trying to poison me? She is isn’t she, this is some kind of evil murder plot against me. I knew this would happen, making her CEO has made her power mad and now she is on the path to supervillainy and is going to kick off her evil take over the world plot by murdering me.”
“Tony.” Steve sighed in that disappointed tone that always made Tony feel like something inside of him was shrivelling up in shame.
“And Tony is very strong.” Natasha said, “He won’t be kept down by this injury for very long. He’ll turn this around one way or another.”
“I thought you two had somewhere.” Natasha replied, “You managed to stay hidden since the attack.”
“Daredevil? Why?”
“Whats okay?” Tony asked, getting off the bed and pulling the sheet after himself so he had something wrapped around his body, “What are you talking about?”
“Why didn’t you save us Tony?”
“Can’t, it’d be too dangerous. We could loose both Stark and the infant.” The Doctor said.
“What is that?” Tony asked walking away from the sofa, “What is this?”
When consciousness returned to him, Steve awoke to find his hand was being held by Tony, who was in a clean set of clothes and had washed and shaved since he’d last seen him, showing that it had been a while since Steve had last been awake.
“It’s crazy, completely crazy!” Tony exclaimed, as he scrolled through twitter on his phone, “Holy shit, they’ve even photoshopped images of us in front of a church as if we’re getting married!”
”I will. Thanks, Buck. I appreciate it.”
”I’m sorry, Steve”, he says, leaning to squeeze Steve’s shoulder comfortingly.
Tony pulls the blanket back up.
”Yeah, and guess what? Captain America also ate my neck so bad that I’ll be wearing a scarf ’til summer.”
Steve recovered first, huffing loudly and pulling out of Tony. He was careful, but it still made Tony wince a little. Steve settled onto his side, bringing an arm over Tony and planted some kisses onto his back before resting his head against it. His finger begun to draw patterns on Tony’s shoulder lightly, and Tony idly tried to make sense of them in his mind. His heartbeat was finally starting to settle, the sweat on his skin beginning to cool off. The world was spinning around him no more as he opened his eyes.
He wasn’t angry at Tony for almost sacrificing himself. Their family, the entire existence, had been at stake and Tony had gotten the opportunity to save everyone. He was angry at the universe for once again making it be Tony in the first place, the one person Steve couldn’t live without.
Weeks go by. Tony had hoped that it would become easier, but it doesn’t. He can feel the bond almost constantly, disturbing him, pulling at his heartstrings when he just wants to forget.
”Bring me Emmy”, Steve says then.
Tony apparently tried to hum but it came out as another growl. Steve moved lower, nuzzling his face to Tony’s neck. There was a small part of him, a slight shiver in his spine, that wanted to pull away and show submission to his growling alpha, but he soothed it down. It did help that Tony wasn’t exactly on his sharpest due to the painkillers, and that made the fact that he
His tears are washed down the drain as he begins to numbly clean himself again.
”No”, he breathes out. ”No, no, no.”
”Thank fuck”, Steve answers, and the relief is clear on his face.
”Make love”, Steve corrected him gently, wrapping his arm tightly around Tony.
God, Tony’s hand on him, his words, they feel so good. Steve’s been feeling so unworthy of love and affection, feeling like he’s got nothing to offer to Tony. He feels his emotions aching in his chest and closes his eyes, focusing on the sensation of Tony’s hands on him. He deserves this, he reassures himself, gathering his self-confidence.
Kieran doesn’t seem to mind the switch, his only concern clearly being the food, yet Steve feels a flash of panic. But as his eyes fall to Kieran, the trembling in his shoulders suddenly stops. Quickly, the warmth and weight of his baby fills his mind with indescribable satisfaction. He hasn’t held either of them for days, and he hates himself for that. But holding Kieran feels so good, so right, his scent comforting and perfect and soon Steve isn’t even thinking about how worthless he’s been. He just listens to the soft sounds Kieran makes as he eats, remembers holding him for the first time. The memory brings the tears back into his eyes.
“Yes, sir.”
There was this sort of amused, sort of bothered noise that Steve let out. Tony could imagine Steve rolling his eyes behind his back, but he knew that secretly, Steve liked it when he said shit like that, he just would never admit it out loud. Except on the brink of an orgasm while Tony was nailing him to the mattress, of course, when he actually had. If Tony had been more on the mood to tease Steve, he might’ve brought it up, but the current state of affairs was that he just wanted some attention on his dick as soon as possible.
”Life isn’t perfect”, Steve answers, turning his back to Tony as he tries to find a position comfortable for his growing body. Tony is positively obsessed with the changes, and constantly jokes that they will make more right away come Steve’s next heat.
He loathed soy milk. He knew that everything was supposed to be about saving the climate now, including drinking coffee, but after being hungry and poor all of his childhood, giving up animal fats now that there was no shortage of them admittedly didn’t hold much appeal. He’d done his best to adjust, but his super soldier body also needed the protein to remain strong enough to save the world from other kinds of dangers.
So, they are now on their fifth month. Steve had been opposed to the idea of a child at first, not that much because of the resent events, but because their lives were so dangerous. But Tony had managed to convince him that they were allowed to be selfish for once, and it hadn’t been too hard, because Steve had
”Good, you feel so good around daddy, baby”, Steve heard Tony’s voice, and his mind was ready to fly into subspace with that, but then a noise pulled him harshly back to reality.
”Look at you”, Tony continued, sliding his fingers to Steve’s wet crack. ”So perfect for me.”
Steve misses proper exercise too. He’s tired of walks that don’t even get his heart rate up - which is the point, he knows – but. He. Is. Tired. Of. Them. Swimming is a little better, but again, never feels like enough. And even though the woman at prenatal care keeps bringing up how good yoga or at least pilates would be for him, he doesn’t really even consider those. He’s not that modern yet, never mind how ridiculous it would be with his current body. Tony actually laughs out loud when the lady mentions those the first time, earning a sharp glance from Steve.
”He does one-hundred percent deserve it. Don’t tell him I said so, though, it’ll go into his head.”
”Have you ever heard of mourning heats?” he starts.
”Is there anything that you’d like to add, Steve?”
Steve closes the distance between them and presses his lips to Tony’s.
Steve huffs at his words but leans in to kiss him, and Tony feels power rushing into his veins at the thought of being able to make Steve feel good. Wasting no time, he snakes his hand around Steve’s cock, making Steve whimper a little into the kiss.
And although it had been a huge relief to get Tony breathing on his own again and hear him talk, getting off the machine hadn’t been the end of Tony’s horrors. He had continued to have nightmares, his stressed crying often waking Steve up and making him rush to remind Tony that he was okay, that he could breathe now.
Steve stares at his hands, the tears streaming silently down his cheeks.
Then he’s back in the present, frowning at himself.
Steve moved his hands up and down on Tony’s arms, massaging them. “You’ve been acting up all week. It’s about the delivery guy, isn’t it? I know that joke was a little distasteful –“
”Okay. You want me to fuck you? Fine.” He takes Steve’s wrist and yanks it, taking a step towards the bedroom. For one last time, Steve struggles out of his grip, but Tony takes it back into his hold immediately, and marches Steve out of the bathroom.
Steve’s hum is a little too uncommitted for Tony not to notice. He pinches Steve’s side.
“It’s gonna be okay”, he says, mostly to himself.
”I’m not mad”, Tony said stubbornly, trying to reach the keyboard despite the weight of Steve’s arms wrapped around him.
Tony closes his eyes, not giving his desperation any attention.
”I’m glad you think so.”
Steve signs the paper with a heavy sigh.
”Well, at first I was opposed to it. It’s not that I didn’t want them, but I thought that… well, you know who we are. Our lives aren’t exactly peaceful. Anything could happen.”
”Come on, Steve, you can’t leave me hanging like that.”
So time travel isn’t impossible.
”Oh, congratulations on the babies, by the way”, he adds.
”I didn’t say you could do that”, Steve says in a soft voice, not actually minding at all.
Further examination reveals that the curse has apparently all but destroyed his inner reproductive system completely. The doctor uses a charming description of ”an unprecedented mess” as he examines the scans, muttering under his breath. Steve’s probably not meant to hear it, but of course he does.
He coated a finger with the lube, allowing it to get warm for a moment before pressing it against Tony’s entrance.
”That’s a little unfair”, Steve chuckled sleepily.
Steve shakes his head, his throat feeling tight. He can’t think about that now.
”No”, he says steadily. ”It’s not a commitment issue.”
Tony let out an appreciative noise and rolled his chair back to the desk. He opened a drawer and rummaged through it, ending up with a jar of Vaseline in his hand.
Tony’s chest feels hollow as he watches a tear escape to Steve’s cheek.
Tony pulls him onto his back by the shoulder. Steve doesn’t fight it, but he hides his face under his arm. He wants to disappear, but this is reality and he’s stuck in it. Tony settles down next to him.
Expect Nat’s.
”I love you too”, Tony says, and the words roll off his tongue easily, his chest falling like there should be something even more to say. But there isn’t, not with words. ”Let me show you, Steve.”
Steve was cracking up too now. ”From the way she raised her eyebrows, yeah. You did lean close to my ear, but I guess you had forgotten how to whisper at that point.”
Tony pulled him down to a kiss, and Steve shivered, feeling deliciously exposed against Tony’s fully clothed body. Tony’s hand curled around his neck, his thumb rubbing small circles on Steve’s collarbone. Steve leaned into the touch, wanting to feel Tony’s hands, roughened from work, everywhere.
There. He’s said it. He loathes himself but he’s said it.
”And-fucking-moreagain”, Tony says with a bitter laugh, running a hand across his face. It had sort of been their song. It doesn’t matter now.
Steve thinks he can hear bitterness in Tony’s voice.
”Sorry”, he mutters, breathless. ”Excited.”
When the dinner is over, Steve shifts in his chair restlessly.
Steve huffs good-naturedly. He chews his mouth empty before answering in a soft voice:
He hears Steve swallow, and his voice is small when he speaks.
”He’ll understand.”
Tony sighs. There is no correct answer to this; the truth is that while it obviously wouldn’t have made him exactly happy,
Tony’s face melts from humoured to compassionate. He studies Steve’s face as Steve continues.
”Yeah”, he breathes out. ”You’re right. You know, you never were given enough credit for how clever you are.”
“You always fight it. I love it.” Tony’s voice reaches to him from a distance, but it is harder and harder to concentrate on it as Steve is whipped again and then again, so many times that he eventually stops being aware of where the count is. His forehead is beginning to moisten from sweat, but he’s still relatively quiet, his gasps of pain accompanied by only the tiniest of broken hums.
If Steve had lost Tony, who would’ve been there to tell him something so kind and meant it?
”’The late unpleasantness’.”
usually manage it if they have to, but even at its best it is told to be extremely stressful for both the baby and the omega. At its worst it has been reported to have lead into tragedies where the omega has forgotten to care for the child and ended up paying a high price for that.
Tony could tell it was going to be good from the way Steve blushed.
He spends the day with the twins. When they sleep, he works out a little, and later, he watches a movie while Kieran and Emmett sleep next to him. It’s not a bad day, even though Tony’s not there. Actually, he almost forgets it, that Tony’s angry enough with him to have gone away. It doesn’t even hit him when he goes to bed, but just as he’s drifting off to sleep, his phone beeps on the nightstand, informing him of a new text message.
Steve wants to throw something at the doctor, but the man’s already out the door while Steve’s still looking for what that something could be.
”Baby”, he utters weakly, and Steve takes him into his mouth. Pleasure pools low in Tony’s stomach, and he shivers, hyper aware of everything that he’s feeling.
But how?
Emmett starts crying. Steve goes to pick him up, beginning to hush him while Tony leans against the door, looking beaten.
So, he headed to the workshop, where he knew he’d find his husband. Unsurprisingly, Tony was completely absorbed by something on his screens, and for a while Steve just observed him. He could watch Tony work for hours, but Tony had told him he preferred Steve wouldn’t.
”That sounds sensible”, Tony offers. Steve shakes his head.
He’s just about to burst into explanations when Tony suddenly shoots off the bed, his hand pressed to his mouth. In approximately two seconds he has vanished into the bathroom, pulling the door closed after him with a loud bang.
”Get out.”
“Yeah”, Steve echoes, his eyes returning to some widower being interviewed on the TV. “You’re right. TV off”, he says, and the TV shuts, leaving them in the darkness with nothing but each other and Emmett’s silent breathing in the crib. Steve moves lower, turning to face Tony, and Tony hides his face in the dip of his neck.
“You’re so perfect, all that perfect porcelain and pink skin, all that muscle”, Tony mutters as he works his finger in and out teasingly. “You know what?” he asks, his voice like honey, his free hand caressing Steve’s lower back. “I think you know it. I think you know exactly how you make me feel, Steve.”
Steve lets her in. Mid-hallway she turns, showing the package in her hand. ”Oh, right! This was at the door.”
”Do it again”, he prompts quietly, mouthing Steve’s jaw again.
”Of course”, she says, sitting on the bed carefully. ”Listen, I’m sure you don’t like it, but I’m looking for an alpha for you. Just in case.”
“I feel old.”
”… Yes.”
Tony’s exhausted by this conversation. There is no point to it.
”I could make you, you know.” He’s obviously not going to force Tony into sex, he just wants to get a response out of him. He wants him to fuck him, hit him, at least shout at him. Anything.
Steve gave in to the sensation completely, seeing no reason to stifle his moan. He
”Really not funny”, Tony says, sitting up and trying to soothe his satanic headache by massaging his temples.
“You feel so good around me.” Steve was nuzzling his ear, his voice tender and warm, and Tony realised he still wasn’t moving. “So tight.” A shiver run through Tony’s spine. “So hot.”
”Just fuck me, Tony”, he spits out. He’s lying there with his ass presented and Tony’s just watching him, most likely with a pitying look on his face. Shame is quickly beginning to burn Steve’s cheeks. This was a mistake.
”You’re mine now, alpha”, he mutters huskily, and Tony sighs softly into his hair.
He stares at the floor. Rationally, he knows that the therapist won’t judge him, but he’s still too ashamed to meet her eyes.
”Is it icky time?” he asked then.
”Sorry”, Tony says when he sees it, even though it’s clearly not his fault.
”You have to. I need mouth-to-dick first aid like yesterday”, Tony argued jokingly, giving in to a delicious stretch. Steve shook his head incredulously, but his eyes were warm.
“I’m gonna say it right back to you when I’m sure my insides won’t come out with it.”
It was an attempt doomed to fail, however. Even as his body still ached for more oxygen, Tony’s lips curved into a smile, his eyes wrinkling compassionately as he watched Steve. His movements were unsteady and imprecise; he seemed to lose himself and completely stopped moving, then suddenly went frantically fast again, then slowed down to endure what looked like a vicious tremor running through his body – he was a mess, and he seemed to realize it himself because after a while he just buried his face into Tony’s neck and started emitting needy whines.
Nat had finished her meal and shook her head amusedly as she’d wiped her mouth.
Since he’s been ordered to his knees, Steve assumes that he’s meant to crawl, so that’s what he does. His eyes are fixed on Tony as he slowly makes his way toward the bed, and it should feel silly, but it doesn’t. There’s something about Tony, about his energy when they play like this, that commands the whole room so effortlessly and elegantly. It doesn’t leave much room for Steve to feel embarrassed.
Tony watched him, open mouthed, and begun to move the fingers in Steve’s mouth slowly, his eyes dark. His thrusts grew quicker and harder, an obscure slapping noise filling the workshop, and Steve just held on, panting around Tony’s fingers.
series.
Steve freezes as he notices the teenager sitting at the kitchen table with a can of soda placed in front of him. Peter Parker shoots up as if to greet him, but nothing seems to come out of his mouth. He stares at Steve with wide eyes.
”Mm-mh”, he hums airily to the wide-eyed baby. ”Your daddy’s been a bit of an asshat.”
”Yes, sweetheart, you – you look perfect – god, yeah –”
“It’s not about the joke”, Tony said abruptly, lifting a hand to rub the bridge of his nose. “Not really.”
”We clashed a lot in the beginning. I thought he was full of that self-assured, jerk alpha energy, and… well, you know me. I challenged him, and I guess he’s just the type to become intrigued”, Steve tells then, his voice now a little lighter. ”I was… he’s the first alpha who’s ever managed to make me feel like an omega. I really can’t put it any other way”, he continues, then adds silently: ”First and only.”
”Yes, but because of you I can basically give it away”, Steve chuckled.
”I’ll try”, he mutters against the sheets.
”You’re starting to remind me of that fella from the movie. John Nash”, Steve comments one day as he eyes the numerous calculations and models around the workshop. He doesn’t sound entirely like he’s joking.
“Answer me”, Tony prompts, rolling his finger unhurriedly against Steve’s prostate.
family,
his mouth empty for a change before he slumps his head back down.
”I told you, didn’t I?” Steve’s words sound childish even to his own ears.
As he opens it, Steve nuzzles his shoulder.
”Are you telling me that you invented time travel?”
Tony hums, then gets up. He crouches down in front of Steve’s face, placing a hand on his shoulder. Steve glances at him, then looks away. For a while Tony just studies him, rubbing his shoulder.
Tony gave him a little snort, and Steve smiled, feeling Tony relax a tad in his embrace.
Not today, though. Tony breathes in Steve’s strong scent greedily, estimating from experience that his omega’s full heat is around ten hours away. The inhale goes straight down to his cock, effectively driving his sleepiness away, and Tony can’t help grinding himself against Steve’s bare ass lightly. For a brief second Tony wonders if he should save the energy for later before deciding that he isn’t that old yet. They can manage a quickie before the morning chaos starts if Tony doesn’t waste any more precious time.
”You belong to me”, he words to Steve and feels Steve clench around him in response.
He caresses Steve’s neck and spine lightly, and it’s a little odd mixture of unhurried lust and an attempt at soothing him, but it works. Steve presses his lips against Tony’s throat, inhaling so tellingly that it’s clear he’s smelling him, and shudders. Tony aches at the sensation – god, it’s been so long. He buries his hands into Steve’s hair as he feels him begin to kiss his way up.
”I promise.”
”It’s not stupid if it bothers you.”
”Everything okay?” Tony asks, and Steve nods, crooking his knee up suggestively. His mouth parts expectantly as Tony takes the hint and moves his hand lower, brushing his knuckles against his balls lightly. But there’s something else in Steve’s expression, some kind of pain that isn’t physical. Like he wants to share something but doesn’t know how to say it. Tony knows too well how that feels.
When Tony meets his eyes again, he looks so sad it makes Steve want to vomit.
”Thor?”
”Did Nat hear?”
Despite himself, Steve laughs. He kisses the bruise.
Having made sure that everything was comfortable, Tony could finally allow his rut to start taking over him. His hands took hold of Steve’s waist possessively, and he marveled at how narrow it looked and felt in contrast to Steve’s wide shoulders. Even though his days as Captain America had been all but finished for a couple of years now, Steve still looked every bit the part. Although that wasn’t what Tony saw when he looked at Steve; it hadn’t been his first thought even when they’d met 13 years ago.
Mind you, Bad Medicine isn’t really an unfunny song, but FRIDAY’s ruined it for Tony now. Bon Jovi fades away and 80’s pop tunes blast out of the speakers, Tony recognising the song as Whitney Houston’s I Wanna Dance with Somebody. After a quick recap of the lyrics in his mind, Tony finds himself content with the choice. He starts moving – not exactly dancing, more like trotting around the workshop with his bottle along a choreography written by a toddler.
That’s good, Tony thinks, that will work. He can have a clear conscience about not abandoning his omega, and they still won’t ever have to see each other at home.
fifteen years younger.”
But his mind is another matter. They return back home from the hospital – about which they had originally gotten into a fight over, until Steve had finally given in to Tony’s demand that it had to be a private, ridiculously expensive one – the day following the night of the twins’ birth. Everything seems to be fine at first, but Steve doesn’t feel right from the moment he steps out of the car and carries the babies to their home for the first time with Tony.
After they were done with the wound and it was wrapped in fresh bandages, they made themselves ready for bed. With a toothbrush in his mouth, Steve watched with a mixture of amusement and slight concern how Tony fought his t-shirt off. He didn’t interfere, aware that the other man wanted to do independently as much as possible.
Before Steve has too much time to wonder what Tony means, he feels the weight shift on the bed as Tony gets up from it.
”JARVIS, my husband fucked me like his life depended on it and now he’s starving like a five-year-old who can’t take care of eating regularly.”
Yeah, Bucky thinks as he closes the door after him and heads to his own room. It can be just him and the stars for now.
might not give them a choice – god, fuck, this is fucked up, Nat,” he curses.
”Shut up”, Tony tells him. ”Do you love me?”
Tony’s hand travels all the way down to Steve’s ass, and Steve sighs as his tender flesh is caressed. His body feels starved for affection, and it submits under Tony’s soft touch. He feels spent from all the hits he’s been taking, all the self-control he’d fought to keep before, and he’d be lying if he said that he isn’t hoping that Tony will end his wait soon. But he trusts that Tony knows what’s best for him, just like he always seems to.
So, it’s nice to see him be a little selfish and indulge for a change, seemingly uncaring of whether their kids will be on time for their puppet show or not. Tony won’t let them be late, though, and in ten minutes he wills his knot down, pulling it out of Steve carefully.
”I was waiting to hear from Thor tonight, but it doesn’t look like that’s happening”, Nat tells, a sad smile hovering on his lips. ”I wanted to check up on you before heading to bed. You didn’t show up for dinner.”
”Sure?”
”It’s not your fault. I’m sorry. I’m just so angry, after…”
”No”, Tony answers immediately. ”First of all, you’re unselfish almost to a fault. Second, Clint didn’t sacrifice himself for us. He did it for his own family, for everyone. You saw the look in his eyes, Steve. Just like us, he was ready to die for this.”
”What a courageous person that therapist must have been.”
”What if I’d gotten pregnant? You know I would have kept it, Tony.”
Tony hits him for a second time, for a third and fourth, slightly changing his angle every time, until Steve lets out a throaty noise.
Steve knows that he’s ignoring him on purpose but that doesn’t stop it from working. He watches Tony, how pleasure settles onto his face, and his body demands to be a part of it, to have the cock on his chest inside of him instead. His brows knit together helplessly as he stares at it, eyes dark from lust.
”Is that why we’re going –”
With the last remains of his cognition, Steve forces himself to meet his own eyes in the mirror. With a few more hard thrusts Tony’s bringing him over the edge, and as Steve wails so loudly that he’s practically screaming, beginning to spill all over the floor, Tony slows down to draw his orgasm out with long enough thrusts to make him insane. But Steve feels no shame at how his face twists from the white, perfect heat that takes over his body and mind completely, no shame about the wetness that pushes into his eyes just because it feels so
Steve swallows. He has never let himself think about it, not really.
Tony’s hips were moving up to meet Steve’s fingers in a way that signaled that he was getting impatient, and Steve slowed down the motions of his fingers, using his other hand to spread Tony’s ass lewdly. His fingers were able to push deeper that way and Tony’s back arched as he pushed greedily back in response.
yes - I know I began posting only yesterday, but oh look it is friday already
Steve lets go instantly, but Tony’s nails scrape his back.
“Good”, Tony murmurs, steadying his hand and admiring the lines of the red marks his hand has left on Steve’s bottom. Tony’s voice is pure sugar to Steve’s ears and he wants to push up against his hand so bad, but he settles on simply looking at Tony from behind his half-lidded eyes. Tony catches his eyes and lets go of the corset he’s still been holding tightly, petting his hair instead.
;;;;; help them
Tony crouches next to him, his hand coming up to pet Steve’s hair affectionately, and Steve lets his eyes fall shut, wanting nothing but to just lean into Tony’s lap. Tony lets him take a moment, his fingers continuing to comb through Steve’s hair soothingly until the tears start drying on his face.
“Same…”
“Come at me, rogers.”
“I’m- Tony I’m so sorry- I didn’t-”
“What? You wanna have a go?” Tony put his hands up, letting his palms become Steves new target.
“I win.” Tony smiled brightly, looking up to see blue eyes glaring at him. Steve’s jaw was clenched, his neck stiff.
“You’re okay… you’re okay…” Tony mumbled softly, feeling his shirt become wet where Steve’s head was. Steve hadn’t let any of the Avengers touch him intimately. He always kept a “professional distance” ( that’s what he called it ) between him and the others. But really? He probably didn’t want to forget how it felt when he hugged Bucky...or Peggy…or his mom...He convinced himself that if he got used to the hugs of the 21st century, he’d forget the hugs from the ’40s. Tony felt the wide shoulders tremble under his arms, Steve eventually dropping all of his weight and they were both on the floor.
