“Also, don’t be mad at Jack about keeping this from us. He has enough on his plate.”
Sam wanted to vomit but was too confused and shocked for that to happen.
“That’s so smart, it’s almost like you’ve done this before,” Dean laughed and kissed his fiance’s chest. It was weird that he didn’t feel bad about what they had just done.
“No, it’s not,” Dean protested as they walked to the snacks section.
“How? We only have two months left, the only thing we've managed to do is apply for a license.” Dean frowned at her.
“You think so?”
“You lied,” Cas said rather softly.
Also there's some implied smut.
Castiel opened the front door of his home and then closed it gently behind him. He leaned against the door and let out a long sigh. The weight he had carried over his shoulders for a month had been lifted, finally. However, his heart was still heavy because of how things had been with Dean lately.
“I see your point Hannah, I do. But I have changed, I swear. Dean is someone I can see a future with,” Castiel said, sincerely.
“So what does that mean?” Castiel asked, his voice a little shaky afraid to add
"Hey, don't judge me, I'm a grown boy. I need food. Do you think all this is built on gunking monsters alone? Dean asked motioning dramatically to his entire body. Cas laughed at the comment as he walked towards Dean on the dining table and sat opposite Dean.
"More than anything," Castiel said sincerely, Dean could see it in his eyes.
“Not quite. I was just hired to teach music is all. There was no formal training or anything like that,” he smiled as he took one of the beers that the waitress had brought at the table and sipped it. Dean sat back and watched him. “You’re not having any?” Lee asked, pointing at the beers.
Dean turned around to face Castiel. Castiel detangled himself from Dean’s body. Dean stood up and helped Castiel up. Dean’s eyes were red-rimmed and he reeked of expensive whisky. Castiel looked at him and he saw the pain there. He felt the hole in his heart deepen and he clenched his jaw so hard he almost cracked his teeth.
“What did I do now?”
Castiel ran his long fingers in Dean’s hair making Dean moan. He kept going on with his ministrations which escalated to him wanting to have his hands and mouth all over Dean. He moved to join Dean on the floor and kissed his lips but Dean pushed him off.
“I guess we can do that,” Castiel said quietly and went to sit back on the sofa. He was hurt but he knew Dean was upset for a reason but he didn’t press.
“What? No, babe. I’m just overwhelmed that people were so intrigued with your work and now they want you to do interviews.”
“Didn’t you get the photos I sent you? He has been fucking Mick this entire time. I hated to see him do that to you.”
“I don’t eat sugar, not really. But I will get them especially for you,” Castiel told him as he sipped his own drink and closed his eyes to savor the taste and the warmth.
“Why are you looking at me? He did this,” Lee defended.
“I mean he hasn’t called me in over a year, and he never picks up my calls,” Naomi said plainly watching Castiel intently. Her blue eyes then focused on Dean who had fallen silent and was playing with his food. He was no longer hungry.
“Uhm...Dude, wear a shirt,” Lee said, covering his eyes, but Dean had not missed the suggestive look that Lee had given him looking at his frame and licked his lips.
“He is to me,” Dean replied without a second thought. It was true, Castiel was the best man he knew.
“Thanks,” Dean replied, shyly biting his bottom lip and looking at Castiel intently. “I got your note. I’m sorry I overslept. I wasn’t planning on missing this.”
Castiel has a secret and Dean is unhappy. Dean's past haunts him.
.MENTION OF SUBSTANCE ABUSE
“She wasn’t
“You know, I thought nothing could break him more than Alfie’s death but you did,” she accused, playing with her food then she dropped her fork and sipped her wine. “After you, he broke hearts left and right. Do you know how many young men and women I had to pacify? And when I thought he had finally found someone to settle down with, he broke his engagement to Amelia mere days before their wedding.”
that legalized same-sex marriages the previous year. In retrospect, it was still a relatively new thing for a gay couple to even have a wedding. He hoped that they wouldn’t have to deal with any backlash because he had seen some pretty mean comments under Castiel's post on social media. However, he and Castiel had been through a lot so he knew that they would weather the storm.
“Hey, Cas?” Dean slurred leaning heavily on Castiel’s body. Castiel held him so they wouldn’t fall. “Let’s go home. Don’t feel too well.”
“Still curious, I see," Castiel laughed, remembering how Dean had been curious about everything all those years ago.
Dean rushed to his office and closed the door behind him, placing his files on the desk and pulling a seat next to Charlie.
“I told you I don’t like flying,” Dean pouted his grip on Castiel’s hand tightening.
It started getting chilly after a while, so they decided to leave. It was around midnight when they sat comfortably in the impala with full bellies and even fuller hearts as Dean drove them back home. The mixtape Dean had given Cas,
“I have to go get ready, dummy. Besides, you don’t want your friends to see me sneaking out of your room, do you?” Dean felt a jab of pain in his gut when Castiel said that. He hated keeping secrets from his friends, but this was too big and he needed something for himself because he had shared everything all his life. What he and Castiel had was all his.
“What do you think, Rufus?” Dick asked the overtly quiet Rufus.
Castiel had managed to process one film. He had five more to go but that could wait.
Castiel was having so much fun that the next time he got a break and checked the time it was already 10.
“Is that why you became an engineer? Castiel asked after a beat.
“What do you mean you thought we were dating?” Dean’s eyes almost popped out of his sockets at Sam’s revelation. “Why would you think that?”
“Oh, how you take care of me. You are the best husband ever,” Castiel cooed, removing his sunglasses to look at his husband who had straddled him and was running his big strong arms all over his chest. Castiel’s cock had a reaction to that. Dean felt it poking his ass and chuckled.
“Tell you what, race me to the edge of the property, and, when I win, you will have to meet me for brunch later,” she challenged, it was a way to deflect Dean’s emotions to a better place. He was grateful. It seemed she wasn’t the robot he thought she was, at least not all the time.
“That is the last secret I had. Thank you for being there for me,” Dean said sincerely and secured the belt on his kimono.
“What are y’all laughing about?” Dean asked, joining them. He sat next to Mick. “Just remove the top,” Dean told Mick who was still struggling to sip his drink through the spout of the sippy cup.
“What? Those are disgusting!”
When they arrived at Dole, Dean was on the verge of tears but he had never let anyone see him cry apart from Castiel. No one, not even Lee, Gordon, or Sam had ever seen him cry, so he knew if he shed any tears, it would look suspicious. Lee was already on his case asking too many questions about Auvergne, and he had to find a way to address it before he became too suspicious.
Lee returned his gun where it was before and walked towards Dean. “Shit shit shit. I’m so sorry,” Lee apologized as he turned Dean’s head to look at him, but it looked like Dean was looking right through him. “You’re so beautiful, please don’t cry. This was meant to show you that I didn’t hurt you...you seemed happy.”
“Sssss,” Dean said, and they burst out laughing again.
“Not really. She travels a lot. She and my dad are divorced, and I kinda have to live with my dad, so that’s why,” Castiel replied nonchalantly.
“That thing you did with your tongue to my uh...you know,” Dean stuttered. “Doesn’t it disgust you?” Dean scrunched his nose. It was the cutest thing Castiel had ever seen.
“What’s going on, Dean?,” Castiel asked in a soft voice. His eyes meeting Dean’s. They looked at each other for a moment then Dean sighed and looked away. “Is it about our marriage? Did I do something wrong?”
“Yeah, she’s a good choice,” Castiel chimed in as he picked up Kelly’s resume and skimmed through it. “I was leaning towards her too.”
"It's okay, Dean. You don't have to tell me anything. Only if you are ready and comfortable."
“This is your home, Dean.”
“Promise not to laugh,” Castiel said. Dean frowned.
“And? Stop playing coy. You basically broke up with me without actually saying the words.”
Castiel was pouring another glass of his favourite chardonnay from
“You smell really nice too,” Castiel said a small smile tugging at his lips, he was blushing a little.
When Castiel saw Dean, he smiled slyly, walking towards him seductively and gave him a time stopping kiss. For a single moment, Dean lost himself in the kiss and in Castiel’s hot soft mouth and his lemon-grass smell. Dean’s arms automatically wrapped around Castiel. Castiel pulled him flush to his chest, and they kissed as if their lives depended on it.
“Hello, Dean. Why are you up this late?” Castiel inquired as he put his suit jacket on the arm of the couch and slumped on it.
Dean had also finally gotten numerous chances to dress their son as a cowboy among other crazy ideas he had. Castiel never hesitated taking photos of his two loves when they played dress-up and Miracle seemed to love it too. They would put him in all sorts of costumes and that made Jack squeal and bubble in glee. They were a perfect little family.
“What about you, G?” Dean looked hopefully at Gordon.
“Nothing,” Dean sniffled and opened the door to the bedroom and walked into the walk-in closet.
“So I’m glad I came back in time for a wedding,” She said as she added a splash of milk and a cube of sugar to her tea. “What’s the rush?”
“No, it’s okay,” Dean laughed nervously.
All Dean wanted was to hold Cas in his arms again, to kiss the tears from his eyes and tell him “I love you too. I have loved you as long as I have known you.” Cas would never get to hear those words, ever and so Dean sat there, willing Chuck to annihilate them all because if he had known then what he knew now, if he had not been a coward, then maybe, just maybe, his love would’ve saved Cas.
“No, I have this thing I’m doing with Gilda,” Charlie said, shaking her head as she leaned against the frame of Dean’s door.
“Why are you making it sound so morbid. He’s not the first person who has asked to buy it,” Dean replied as he checked to see if the cookies he had left on the cooling rack had cooled down.
He talked to them about it when he got home from LA. The couple apologized profusely and said that they would be mindful and maybe spend most of the time at Castiel’s. It turned out that they were a couple of horny little liars because their promise only lasted for two days and they were back to giving Sam sleepless nights. Castiel
“Wow, you look ravishing,” Dean smiled at her and spun her around. She twirled and let out the sweetest laugh Dean had ever heard.
“Thanks. I’m sorry. I just...since I saw him I can’t stop thinking about what he did to me, you know,” Castiel let out a sigh and reached for his fork and started eating. The food was delicious. Balthazar was a businessman with a chain of bars and restaurants that made signature dishes and drinks for an exclusive clientele. However, he hated cooking even though he was good at it.“This is so good, Zar.”
Please note that this chapter Is quite dark and might be triggering. Please see the major trigger warnings below:
Lee on the other hand was busy with his music and never spoke much about Claude. She seemed like a distant memory now, a summer fling. He would, however, make snide comments about Castiel which left Dean with a bad taste in his mouth. Gordon often shut him down, but Lee was persistent, so they learned to ignore him.
“Maybe.”
“I have these feelings. Had. Dammit. I’ve had these feelings about you…for you for a while. Years maybe.”
“Yes, Dean,” Castiel replied, looking up at his husband.
“That’s not what I meant but nice to meet you, Dean,” the dark-haired man chuckled, shaking his head.
When Dean came to, the room was shrouded in darkness apart from the light from the street light from the street outside and the hallway light that seeped from under the door. Dean tried to move but Castiel’s hands were curled tightly around his waist, his mouth open at the back of Dean's neck where he was breathing hot air and wait was that a hardon poking his ass?
Gregory Ball pales as he realizes what is happening.
Dean licks his bottom lip and looks up, and Castiel is entranced.
“Spit it out Sam.”
He looks at the dates and times of the murders and seems to remember each one for various reasons other than them being the dates of the murders, which just happened to be times he and Cas were at the exact same places the murders take place. But they were always together.
Ben looks to Cas and nods. “Yeah, she sent me in here to help. She’s wondering when Sam and Eileen are gonna make it back with the charcoal.”
*******
Cas instinctively knew how Dean laid out kitchens, and he finds what he needs easily. As he begins to form the crust, he thinks back to his first encounter with baking.
He pulls up the article on Cas’s women’s shelter.
“Cas would never consent to this.”
“You speak of the Old Testament. It is not a document I personally like to live by.”
“Then absolve yourself. Don’t laden yourself with the burden of equating thoughts with sin.”
“I ain’t happy you held this in, man. Although it does explain a hell of a lot.” Dean sighs, relieved to finally understand more of why the love of his life left - he was consumed, and Dean wasn’t helping.
*******
“I have no doubt that woman will find exactly what we need to break this case, Brother.”
They hear a gasp behind them and break apart to see Melanie Hawkins with her hand over her mouth.
“I don’t know what to say, Lis. Yeah, our bond was stronger than anything I’ve known. And I…” Dean stops drying and turns to Lisa once more. “I didn’t just go through a break up, Lis, I uh…I lost everything. I lost not only Cas, but myself too, not because I didn’t know who I was without him or shit like that, but because I lost faith.” Dean thinks back to Cas’s words and scoffs bitterly. “I lost faith in myself, Lis. And I thought that’s what made me lose Cas, that’s why he left, and I wanted to hate him for leaving, you know? But I was too proud to try to get him back, too pissed to admit that I was wrong too. And the most important thing to me is staying, no matter how fucking stupid that is, because he needed to go, because he lost faith in himself too.” Dean doesn’t know if any of what he said made sense, but the last thing he wanted was this woman in front of him to feel like shit.
Sam thinks for a moment.
Fuck that.
“Father Novak?”
Dean’s shaking hands betray him and he looks to the man he so readily considered his father. “I uh… Cas…”
She didn’t worry about competing with a memory, she wanted Dean to hold on to every memory of a love that consumed him.
They both look at him, and break into full on smiles.
He forgets to breathe as he opens the cover and a piece of paper falls out.
They are hesitant at first, becoming reacquainted with one another. But soon they are matching each other's movements, each man relearning the crevices and mounds of the other’s mouth. Their joining causes the nerves in their lips to tingle with dancing electricity, their whole bodies are on fire, and neither wishes to be relieved from the engulfing.
Cas’s relief is evident in a flood of tears from blue eyes. Dean bites the inside of his cheek to keep from spilling his own.
Castiel looks up at him, annoyance written on his face.
“Then what man? Huh? Faith in what?”
“Are you debating theology with a Priest, Dean?”
, and now you are saying that you can’t?!” Dean knows, he
“Can you come here, man?” He had to
“We are.”
He finds him kneeling in front of the bench in the church’s garden. He somehow knew he’d be in the garden. He felt at home among nature, and Dean always tried to oblige him, even when they lived in a shitty apartment with a small balcony. He walks over to him slowly, rethinking his impulsive decision. He begins to fiddle nervously with the keys in his hands.
“You’re so fucking whipped you can’t see what’s right in front of ya face. Look, brother, I don’t want the man to be it either, I really don’t, but it is him, and we know it for sure now.”
The voice was smoky, raspy, as if she had smoked for twenty years straight, but there was no undulation in it. He recognized her as Mary. He found himself smiling. Her voice was like a good shot of whiskey and he tried not to allow himself to be drunk by it.
Dean knows dredging up the past ain’t gonna fix nothing – besides he wasn’t blameless.
“Oh yes, it will become more difficult for you to speak now, form cohesive sentences. I’ll explain it to you.”
That one grip sends electrical impulses through Dean’s hand into the pit of his stomach, and he cannot form a single coherent sentence. He wonders how Cas can stand there so cool, so collected, surely, he must feel it too?
Dean grabs Cas once more. He entangles his hand in Cas’s hair and seeks the heat Cas’s mouth always provided him. The (former) priest’s lips are parted in anticipation, his head malleable to Dean’s touch.
“Okay, we got a second chance.”
He gets up to hug the other man, their embraces were always the same: rough, ending with a final pat on the back.
“I don’t. I vet each suspect thoroughly.” She goes through event after event, call after call, looks at bruise after bruise, and reads their stories.
The spunky redhead mutters as she stands staring at the body of Gregory Ball alongside Benny and Dean.
“That’s uh… that’s hard to swallow man. So, you what, became a priest?” In Cas’s eyes, his beautiful religious eyes that believed in a higher power, maybe that made sense.
Dean licks his bottom lip before continuing. “But, you leaving, it wasn’t like cowardly or anything. I uh, I see that now, you know? Fuck, I should’ve quit with you. Settled down somewhere, lived the apple pie life, you and me. Let other people hunt the sons of bitches. But we were both so fucking good at it, I couldn’t stop, and then the accident…”
“You think it’s a frame job?”
Cas nods. “Yes, I suppose.”
“Hiya, I am just so pleased to meet ya. I am your next-door neighbor, Melanie. My husband will be home in a little bit, or I’d introduce you to him too. He works at the law firm Williams, Hawkins, and Bridges.”
Dean grabs his hand earnestly and presses their entwined hands onto the cold metal table.
Dean licks his bottom lip slightly and wonders if anyone takes the local priest to shows like that now.
“Good. I booked us a tour at noon.”
Benny shrugs. “I told him it was routine, that we were, ya know, ruling out everybody that had been in Ball’s house.”
The BBQ is much more crowded than Cas anticipated, but he was always peaceful among his flock. Melanie Hawkins stopped by, as did Susan Struthers. They could each only stay for a minute as they had important things to do, but Cas found himself the most entranced by their newest neighbor - Mary.
“Okay, Dean. Where do you want to go from here?”
“And let’s assume our lady was pissed off that he sat on that.”
Dean pauses in the store as he leans ever so slightly on a display, making an array of persimmons fall all over the floor, spilling over and over as if they would never stop.
“Oh, hello Benny, can I help you?” The priest is surprised to see Benny there, mainly because even though he had received Benny’s forgiveness, he had no disillusion they were going to be friends.
So, he finds himself in Dean’s office. He pushes the boxes marked “Disturbing - Don’t Open Kid,” and begins to unpack the others. He arranges the various books on the shelves - according to his own filing system Dean seemed to appreciate (or at least pretended to). He pulls out a book he’s never seen before - the binding is worn brown leather, and it is tied with leather strings. Ben takes the book to the couch and opens it up. The first page is a type of timeline.
Stall, think. Maybe Mary meant she killed an abuser, or something like a bug. But he knew that no, that wasn’t it. He knew who was now in his confessional - he
Benny takes his hat off, scratches his head, and then replaces it.
“Did you know him?”
“Dean.”
“Fuck!”
Mary scoffs.
“You have no choice. You cannot tell anyone what you know, it is the rite of confession, and regardless of your love, you still took vows, you are still a priest.” She was nothing if not thorough.
Dean stops suddenly and Sam almost runs into him.
Castiel gets up and turns slowly, his tear stained face full of hope.
“We have separate lives, Dean, different paths.”
“It sure as hell don’t taste good.”
“Father Novak, we moved in yesterday, and we wondered if you would like to come over for dinner perhaps tomorrow night?”
“Come in.” He says loudly, thinking (hoping) it’s Dean.
“Well then, take me to church.”
Dean nods, of course it’s a frame job Sam.
“I ain’t gonna tell nobody Benny, cause I don’t want you to lose anything. I don’t want Andrea to look at you like I’m looking at you right now, but lose my number, got it? Don’t ever dare try to contact me ever again.
Cas nods. “I did, a little. I knew of him rather.”
Dean thought about that for a moment. Yeah, he was a federal agent, he took care of the kid’s mom, but he was also a broken shell at times, drinking himself into a stupor because he lost… fuck it. He lost the love of his life.
Sam walks into the Church’s office to see Cas sitting cross-legged on the floor on a mountain of papers.
Dean looks away as Cas places his hands behind his back for Benny to handcuff. Castiel wishes he could heal his love’s pain.
When they make it into the corridor, Benny makes the unfortunate decision to speak.
Cas sighs, ever so slightly broken.
“Dean?”
He didn’t really even think about his brother being there to visit, the only thing he really thought of – the only thing he could think of – was Cas. The man’s bedhead, those ridiculous boxers, those blue eyes he always got willingly lost in. Looking up into those eyes in so many different positions. He grabs the handle of the cart tightly, thinking about Sam’s words.
Cas was awed at how good Dean’s mouth felt, and he was embarrassed at how fast he felt that familiar coil of heat to release in his belly. Dean felt Cas’ balls tighten and knew he was close. He did the one thing that he knew could send any man over the edge, angel, and human alike. He caressed Cas’ perineum and that did it.
“Not to get ahead of myself for the fear of being cast out but, are you even, you know, his type?” Uriel asked, cautiously,
“You have an eye for beauty, my friend,” Cain said as he examined some more photographs on Castiel's desk.
“I’m so sorry Dean,” he said over and over again as both their bodies racked with sobs.
Dean seemed to be enjoying the massage in general going by his whimpers and moans, Castiel slowly started moving up Dean’s legs starting with the area behind his knees and up his thighs. Dean writhed a bit in his position and moaned as Castiel slowly raised his towel but left it covering Dean’s groin. He started massaging his thick thighs applying a little bit more pressure and Dean moaned again as Castiel worked on his thighs. The room was starting to get hot and Dean’s moans were making Castiel drunk on the sensuality of it all.
Gordon also noticed, so he asked Dean about it. Dean said he was fine- that everything was fine. The flashbacks became more frequent and more vivid, he could feel everything that Lee had done to him. He knew he had tried to stop him, he knew what had happened to him wasn’t right, but he was a man. Who was he going to talk to about it? Who was going to believe him? So he kept it to himself, but it ate away at him.
“Hello?” Dean said quietly. There was no answer. “Hello?” he asked again, a little louder this time, peeking through the door to see if he had woken his boyfriend up. Thankfully, he was still sleeping, but there was still no answer. He could hear someone breathing on the other end. “You know I can hear you breathing right?” Dean tried one last time but before he could say anything else, the call disconnected. He looked at his phone not sure what had happened. He tried to call back but the number was no longer in service.
Castiel has requested a Jeep for the rest of the journey to the ranch. He got the keys from the bodyguard who was waiting for them at the hangar and got behind the wheel. Dean's shoulders seemed to relax now that they were back down on solid ground- it was familiar territory.
“Here let me rub your leg, it’ll help," Castiel said, reaching for Dean's legs once they were settled on the couch.
“No, he can't know, at least not yet,” Naomi said, softly and sipped her tea. “He watched Alfie waste away. I am not putting him through that again.”
“Okay, there’s a girl,” Sam admitted.
“Oh, so you are a mama’s boy, huh?” Dean snorted as he placed Castiel’s other foot on his lap and started massaging it.
“Dean, I’m so sorry. I didn’t know,” Castiel soothed, this time turning around to face him. Dean’s beautiful eyes were red-rimmed with tears welling, and Castiel wished he could kiss the pain away.
—I knew— Castiel replied serenely. Seeing the puzzled expressions on the brothers' faces, he elaborated: —When Jack was in Kelly's womb, he gave me a vision. There was peace on Earth, and also in Heaven and Hell. He is the most powerful being that has ever existed—.
—Shut the fuck up, Ishim. We've got at least half an hour left— Dean barked at him. Castiel giggled and he didn't even turn around, crashing back against Dean's mouth with a smirk on his face. They barely heard him leaving, grumbling something about them being "
—He told me that they're trying to resurrect Lucifer and the other archangels. Maybe they will manage to take us out too.— Castiel explained. Uriel was pleasantly surprised by the plan.
—The only "heavenly creature" here it's me— Castiel said air quoting.
— The hunter's eyes lingered on Cas' swollen lips and thought about his own. He even wondered if they could see the hickey he was concealing under his flannel's collar, which he nervously tried to straighten up. —My
Uriel seemed to read his mind, and said: —Aren't we all equal in death?—.
—This is not happening— Jack repeated, snapping his fingers. —Now your ruptures are gone. Everyone is at rest, and they won't regain consciousness. Leave—.
—Can one be charged for public lewdness in heaven?— Asked Dean glancing nonchalantly at the Impala.
Going down the steps, Sam felt the typical sulfur's pungent smell. He didn't need to do further investigations, but he pretended to, in order to keep his cover.
main character death
Dean woke up soaked in sweat, a little disoriented about what had happened the previous day. He got a long shower to clear his mind and, still in his dead man robe, went to the kitchen to find something to eat and, mainly, to drink. He found his brother instead, and breakfast ready on the table.
He took the cup from Cas' hand, and then kept quiet, slowly sipping his coffee.
On their drive back home, Sam video called Eileen, and his heart was filled with joy by hearing and seeing her again. He said that everything had been fixed, that there was nobody writing their story anymore. He said that they were free.
Once again Castiel woke up in the middle of nowhere. Dean's voice echoed loudly in his head. In some way, it made him feel less lonely, even if he was deep in the pure emptiness of the place.
"Black Oxide", by Lord of the Lost —again :)
(See the end of the chapter for
Sam knew that Dean wouldn't have wanted his brother to mourn him forever, he wanted him to move on and do whatever he wanted to. He smiled, taking Eileen's hand in his, and feeling grateful for everything he could still appreciate thanks to his brother's sacrifice. He wasn't going to waste it.
—Dean!—
lust, letting the angel take control of the kiss.
—What are you doing here?— both the brothers shouted, startled. In the meantime, Jack, alarmed by the noises, showed up in the room.
She turned around, looking at her son with her eyes widened in disbelief. She thanked her son from the bottom of her heart, before walking up to meet her relatives.
—Did you question the relatives?— Sam asked following the routine.
—I'll try to explain myself better— said Jack with a soft smile —You're going to pray
Cas' human weakness? I'm here!— Dean yelled again.
Jack was eating a bowl of milk with his favorite sugary cereal when he saw something strange approaching the heavens. He had made himself an office, in a room resembling those in the bunker, from which he scanned the whole creation. Looking more carefully, he saw a black sludge pervading the heaven from one of its furthest corners. He instantly teleported himself there.
Dean regained consciousness in a cell. Sam was still blacked out, and Cas wasn't there. He tried not to panic and shook his brother's shoulder, trying to awake him.
She stalled for a while.
—You can come back to sleep, if you want— replied Jack, —I will fix the leaks—.
Dean spent most of the afternoon roaming blankly around the bunker with his whiskey bottle, sometimes stopping to pet the dog. Jack and Sam were worried, they needed Dean to be clear headed for the next day, and that was clearly not going to happen.
—Once they both step past the threshold, I'll kill you— Ishim explained to Dean, glacial.
—He lived in the basement of this very house— She answered, —If you want I can give you the key—.
—Yeah, I, uhm, I guess that's... well,
Dean turned over on his belly, and finally closed his eyes in peacefulness. Castiel fell asleep hearing Dean's breath gradually deepening and slowing down.
—You, son of a bitch! Ishim!— Dean shouted —Come here, asshole!—
's blood, not angel's—.
, because a single bite of that meal was basically guaranteeing them severe hypercholesterolemia.
Castiel felt astounded: —You
—Sam. Sam!— He called for his brother —Please wake up—.
—Usually there isn't a hot chick holding it like's nothing— Dean remarked, and Castiel couldn't resist from rolling his eyes in exasperation.
Suddenly, a dazzling white crack opened before the archangels. Without saying a word, Lucifer stepped out of the Empty, followed by Gabriel and Raphael. Castiel couldn't see beyond the rift, maybe only Lucifer could do it because he was the one called with the spell. He headed towards the crack, but as he got closer, the Shadow appeared screaming before him. He froze, seeing the crack closing without the chance of crossing it.
—Of course, Sam, we're not going into early retirement—.
—We've got an angel blade, and you have yours, right?— Asked Sam. Castiel nodded. —Then it will be enough—.
—Jack please say something— Dean urged him.
—Yes, sure, I see your life still resembles a bad soap opera.— Crowley looked a little confused. —How are the guys doing?—
"Lightbringer" by Dimmu Borgir.
At first, it was nothing more than a soft touch, a tentative caress that allowed them both to adjust to each other. Then, a decade of buried desire and miscommunicated feelings prevailed over their restraints, compelling them to deepen the kiss. Dean tilted his head, parting his lips temptingly, and tightened his hands through Cas' hair, pulling him closer in the hold. Cas' hands roamed from Dean's hips to his shoulders, as he swallowed all the hunter's little pleasured noises. Then Castiel caught the hunter off guard, shoving him towards the wall behind, and licking longingly his way into Dean's mouth.
—Cas!— Dean cried for the angel, hasting to cross the salt circle and to embrace him in a warm hug.
—I felt so bad knowing that you experienced the happiest moment of your life right before you died— Dean said.
—Wait a minute, do you remember Nick's plan to resurrect Lucifer?— Asked Sam, eagerly. Jack's eyes shone with hope: —We
—Easy, boys— said Michael trying to calm them down —We need you to stay in the Empty for now and wake up as many angels as possible. Look especially for Raphael and Gabriel—
—No!— Dean cried out, as the rift was collapsing over itself. Sam and Jack, shocked, held Dean back and prevented him from running towards the crack.
—So— he began —my two favorite characters are right here—. With a single gesture, he made the two brothers fall to their knees, and went on —kneeling down before me—. He paused, in a theatrical manner. —What do you want, my beloved sons?—.
—Oh, you kept a memento!— said Lucifer, pretending to seem sympathetic —So that's why you didn't call him first, you were afraid of ruin it!—
—But we need all of them to defeat Chuck,— said Sam —Not only Lucifer. Whom, by the way, I'd rather stay dead—.
(See the end of the chapter for
—Rowena will be mad— Sam remarked with a chuckle, —So, Iowa?—
—I love you too, Cas—.
Dean's smile was by far the most beautiful thing that Castiel had seen in his whole life. And he would have liked to make him know that, if only he hadn't got a lump in his throat.
—Hello, boys— a familiar voice sounded in the bunker —It's been a long time!—
—Cas— Dean called him. Castiel felt... was it an
—I'd love to— Jack replied, happy. For that night they pretended not to know that Jack was the Almighty, and they behaved as an average (special) family: hamburgers, small talk, a movie, and Dean even let Jack pick the title. Late at night, Jack left, saying goodbye to all of them.
—Chuck put himself in the story. That was his mistake— Jack started to explain —Moreover, my powers are limited in the Empty. But,— he paused, taking a deep breath —I can tell you the spell will work for Cas too—.
—What do you think I've been doing all night, kid? I was praying—. They all glanced to the empty bottle. —And drinking, of course— Dean rectified.
—I took beef jerky, beer and cherry pie— Cas proudly said.
—Nothing happened. We're fine— Dean replied abruptly, nervously checking the service shop's doorway out. Sam rolled his eyes in frustration, and he would have replied, but Castiel was about to come back with his hands full of shopping bags. Dean gave Sam a last death stare before Cas joined them.
The brothers didn't manage to suppress a snickering smile.
(See the end of the chapter for
—So, who is the chosen one?— He asked, sneering —With that plot twist of yours, it will be even more satisfactory—. Dean stood up boldly. Castiel had watery eyes, but he forced himself to smile when he hugged Dean for the last time.
—Dean?!— Sam ran towards his brother, who was still slumped on the floor. —What happened? Are you wounded?—
Jack put on his listening face, and let Castiel continue.
—You're not gonna leave that place if you don't bring Cas with you, capiche?— Dean threatened Lucifer. The archangel didn't react, but turned around and left. The rift closed before the two Winchesters' and Michael's eyes.
—If you hurt him, the deal is off— Dean said in a growl.
Sam went to the Davis', and asked the old woman about his son's behavior during the days before his death.
—Well, there would be many. Like, what happened yesterday?— Hearing Dean taking a deep breath, Sam continued —Dean, people out there vanished into thin air. All of them. We are alone—.
Dean was brought in an empty room and was cuffed to the only chair placed right in its middle. Two angel bodyguard were holding Sam and Cas near the door.
—How could I even know how the afterlife works? Ask someone else— Crowley replied —However, a blast waked me up—.
Sam laughed: —I need a shower, but we can set off before lunch—. As he was heading to the bathroom, he heard Dean offering Cas another cup of coffee.
Shortly after, Sam showed up in the room. —This was the last one— he said as he sat onto the other bed claiming it for himself. Dean heaved a sigh: a queen size bed was barely enough for Sam alone, so he was the one going to share.
?— Asked Lucifer cheeky.
—Dean, is that a love bite?— Charlie asked under her breath after lunch, pointing at his neck. Dean turned red and mumbled something unintelligible, she raised her eyebrows, ready to crack a suggestive joke, but fell quiet as soon as John stepped in the room.
Cas, obviously threatened with an angel blade against his back.
suffer and not you, ape, that would be a fair exchange—.
—It's 2 p.m., Dean, why are you even asking?—
Claire looked shocked, because, despite the ups and downs in their relationship, Castiel still wore her father's body and Dean had been her (terrible) role model. Fortunately, Kaia was always there for her, preventing her from doing something stupid -
Dean felt his heart skip a beat, and he smiled even before turning around.
Dean saw and went near the new dubious black door on the left side of the bedroom.
Sam raised his eyebrows and quickly apologized for his intrusive question, realizing that Castiel had unintentionally acknowledged him that Dean was involved.
—Dean said that, after Jack's outburst, the Empty is left unstable. I actually felt some trembling and swaying during my long walk—.
They reached the city and checked into the motel on the main street. There was an old lady at the desk, who kindly welcomed them.
—What about Eileen and the others?— Sam asked nervous.
—Having Cas back... it's a big win— Sam said, watching the angel entering the shop.
—You look flustered. Is there something wrong?— Castiel hurried to ask.
—Castiel!— Uriel exclaimed incredulous —You're finally dead too—.
—Yeah, sure— Dean replied flatly, taking a long sip from his bottle, still trying to drink himself to death.
When Dean replied, Castiel couldn't hold back the tears.
—The others are waiting for us tonight at Harvelle's Roadhouse— Bobby announced, taking his place at the table, —they wanted you to have some time alone with your family—.
—I dunno, mom. I'd like to find a place— he glanced at Cas —What do you think?—
—He still is. And Jack is too. Now he's trying to reach Cas, maybe later we will have him add his initials too— suggested Sam.
—Wait a sec—, Dean stalled —I'd like them to bring my body back home—.
—Ca-as— Dean moaned with surprise
—I give you an hour to decide. I'm watching you, and this cage is angel proof, so don't try anything stupid— He said smugly —If you try to escape we'll kill you all. Just to be sure, let me take the big guy -Sam, right?—.
Pulling out all the pictures, Sam noticed that the box had a false bottom. He removed it, and his hands started shaking. He found some paper sheets carefully folded, with "For Cas" handwritten on top of the first one. Unfolding the sheets, he found another pic: there were Dean and Cas, next to one another, wearing those ridiculous cowboy hats that Dean loved. Sam blushed, seeing Dean's kinks exposed in all their gloriousness. He was accustomed to catch his brother in embarrassing situations –even the worsts. But that one wasn't gross
The '67 Chevy Impala raced on the road once again. It was a five hours drive from Lebanon to Adair, so they stopped once in a Gas-N-Sip:
—We'll act as bait— Dean offered —All that he wants is me and Sam surrendering to his will—.
— Dean complained —I mean, he chewed himself to death—.
—We can try,— said Michael, who until then was listening quietly —I'm going to talk with him. He should be able to wake up the others—.
—You smelled sulfur everywhere. The corpse was reeking too— Dean answered.
(See the end of the chapter for
—So, what are you going to do, in the future?— Donna asked Sam and Eileen.
Castiel smiled and pictured in his mind what, in his opinion, would have pleased Dean the most. He pictured also the people that Dean had loved through the years. Then Jack touched him and accessed his memories: with a snap of his fingers he set everything right.
in this crappy situation? We're persecuted by God himself!—
Sam held out a hand for his brother, helping him to stand up and stroked his back trying to comfort him a little. Dean left the dungeon first, heading for his room.
Cas slightly tilted his head in confusion, and he asked: —What?—
Sam came back in the kitchen the next morning and found his brother laying unconscious on the ground, still clung to his almost empty bottle. Dean woke up suddenly when Sam kicked him in the leg. A splitting headache welcomed him back to life.
There wasn't anymore time for mourning, since all four archangels were right there.
Dean flushed heavily, but quickly closed in, holding Cas' face and kissing him eagerly, demanding for more. The angel reciprocated with pleasure, letting out a deep moan that stroke a still unexplored chord in Dean's soul.
Sam fell silent again, lost in his thoughts.
me. My bond with Castiel is strong, but yours is the most profound bond an angel can share with any living being—. Jack said these words with a candor that left Dean glassy-eyed for a while.
—I know, Jack told me, but...— Sam hesitated to come clean about his doubt, so he left the question hanging.
They went out for dinner, looking for some locals who knew something about the mysterious suicide. They found out that the pub's few customers were all travelers, so they tried asking the blue-shirted waitress if she was acquainted with the victim.
Sam remained silent for a while, looking for the best words to ask his brother what he wanted to know without freaking him out.
Sam's and Jack's broken voices echoed in the empty bunker. Dean still couldn't answer. He ignored the twelfth incoming call from Sam, who was still trying to reach his brother's phone. Dean heard footsteps approaching, and then the door burst open.
He gave a quick look to the letters: as he would have expected, they were all for Cas. He didn't go into detail, but he understood that they had been written all at different times. It seemed to Sam that Dean had been writing to Cas apology letters when they were apart because of their quarrels. Some of them were only a few lines long, but there were two long and messy letters; in some spots they were barely readable, the words were blurred and there were some smudges, as if the ink had been watered down. Reading a few words, he realized that Dean must have written them after Cas' deaths. His phone rang, it was Eileen's number, so she probably was at the door. He answered the video call and accurately refolded Dean's letters and, with his cheeks still streaked with tears, he went to embrace Eileen.
? He lifted his head, and they were so close they could feel each other's breaths tickling their own skin. Dean slowly covered the space left between him and Cas and pressed their lips together.
—And you are?— John asked, weighting Castiel up. The angel stiffened, and Dean drew near him: —He is Castiel, he's an angel, I told you about him. He's my-
—We keep on doing things that he can't foresee. I think our ability to escape his omniscience is hurting his feelings— Dean pitched in with a hint of pride in his voice.
Sam almost choked on his food, and everyone else in the room burst out laughing.
Dean and Castiel were studying for the case, analyzing the photos of the crime scene, when suddenly the angel shut his ears, writhing in pain. Dean squeezed Cas' shoulder, looking at him with concern: —Cas, buddy, what's going on?—
Castiel turned around and ran, knowing he couldn't leave behind the Shadow in her reign, but he still tried. He saw the other angels scattering in all directions, and hoped that the Shadow wouldn't manage to catch them all.
Jack snapped his fingers.
Sam opened his eyes, and still disoriented asked: —Where are we?—
—Who woke you up?— Castiel asked.
When they reached the crime scene, they found a young policeman throwing up next to the sheriff's car. They took a deep breath and entered the barn, where the sheriff and the still standing policemen were waiting for them.
—Cas' vessel has been taken with him, will he need another one when— Dean suddenly stopped, in order to correct himself —
—Do you have better ideas?— Uriel replied, starting to heavily stomp his feet on the floor, followed by the others.
—We killed him once, we can do it again— Dean said, trying to convince himself more than the others.
When they got close to the bunker, Sam broke the silence: —What happened to Billie?—.
They heard the scream lowering, as if she was moving away. Following the direction of the noises, they found another group of angels and demons. A strong shake made them almost lose the balance, and an angel tumbled down and disappeared before their eyes, as if the floor had opened up behind him and rapidly shut again.
he comes back?—
From afar, they started to see a crowd; they hurried on and reached the gathering of angels, identifying the three dead archangels, Balthazar, Ezekiel and some minor angel. Balthazar welcomed Castiel and Uriel with delight, and said: —Despite your mean betrayal, Castiel, I have to say that your presence is a guarantee: your loved one won't allow you to get stuck in here—.
The roads were deserted, with cars crashed everywhere and no human being in sight. They left the Impala to check thoroughly in the city, but no one was there. They even split upand checked inside buildings and cars: Dean came back holding a dog in his arms, the only living being found in the whole city.
—There's something you must know— Castiel started telling Uriel last years' events in very detail, while together they started looking for anyone else. Uriel had the right to know what they were going to deal with once they managed to get out of there.
—You're not gonna sleep in your trenchcoat, are you?— Dean asked, staring at Cas in indignation.
Mary and John invited them in, and Dean was touched by the realization that their home looked exactly the same as he remembered. Bobby and Charlie were seating on the sofa, so Dean rushed to embrace her.
—Hello Dean—
—So, he probably can't erase me with the same ease because I am an archangel... Adam is gone, and I couldn't do anything to save him. But you, you have been chosen. My presence here is a sort of collateral issue. He doesn't give a fuck about
She appeared right before Cas, in Meg's features, yelling: —You're mine! Forever—.
—I guess we are really fucked up this time— Dean commented on their drive back home.
The room was clear, and Dean looked unharmed. Still, he wasn't able to look up, trembling, hands buried in his hair and no intention of answering his questions. The only sound that managed to leave his lips was a quiet weep.
—That's a shortcut— Cas clarified it for Dean —down there I only added a loveseat beside the two armchairs, and I put the finishing touches on the bar—.
—No problem, I'm going to ask for another room— Sam said, still snickering.
Dean raised his eyebrows, saying: —Wrong choice of words—.
Sam rolled his eyes: —So... Lucifer? So be it—.
. I can sense his powers are somehow mutated— his gaze slid towards Jack —Am I right?—
(See the end of the chapter for
—It is right in this room,— said Michael, pointing at it —I can recognize an ancient divine artefact when I see it. Moreover, it has my father's symbol carved on the cover—.
No one was answering him and the screams were intensifying.
Castiel agreed with a little nod.
—Having fun?— Dean suggested —It's a demon, it doesn't need a purpose to kill people—.
Dean lost himself in the hug, sinking his left hand in Cas' hair and gently pulling his head in the crook of his neck. He closed his eyes, fighting to hold back the tears, and parted his lips to say something that he, in the end, was incapable to articulate. After a while, Dean slightly loosened the hug, and moved his hand from Cas' nape to his jaw. They locked eyes, seeking a relief that they knew they could only give each other. Sam smiled awkwardly, and wondered about leaving the two of them alone in the dungeon.
—'night Sam— Dean and Cas answered together.
—How do you know about Chuck's Death Book?— Sam asked, suspicious.
—Of course it's not an instruction manual— remarked Dean, sarcastic —Not as easy peasy as it had looked like when Billie was doing that—.
—Guys, I suppose that we're going to face a demon. It's strange, I thought that Rowena managed to appease their attitude— Dean said, pointing at something on John's journal.
Dean smiled, stroking one last time his friend's back and leaving him free to finally greet Sam too.
They couldn't say anything else, because the angels were over them, outnumbering them. Sam and Cas were ready with their blades, covering Dean that was essentially unarmed, since he held a gun against four celestial beings. He shot anyway, hoping to distract them sufficiently to allow his brother or Cas to hit them. Castiel managed to kill one of the angels, but very soon they were cornered, and Cas' neck was under Ishim's blade.
There was a minute of silence, and then he heard the sound of approaching steps.
—So you think that all those friends of ours are coming back through some rift in the Empty— Sam thoughtfully recapped.
—Do you have a triple room available for tonight?— Asked Sam.
—I was thinking to adjust this personal heaven thing. I'd like the people to have an eternal happy life here, not only a loop in their happiest memory— he pondered —Would you like to give it a try? We can always fix it later—.
Castiel stood up silently, looking around suspiciously. He started to walk in a random direction, feeling the floor a little unsteady under his feet. Dean's litany continued, and sometimes Castiel could hear him sobbing and sniffling, and saying rambling apologies. Dean's voice gave him the strength to keep on looking for Lucifer. He had been roaming around for what seemed like hours, when he spotted a manlike shape. Castiel tilted his head giving a squint-eyed look at the figure, when suddenly he recognized who he was:
—Is the bunker really my dreams' house?— He wondered, driving into the garage.
—Man, no way you're gonna sleep with me dressed up like a tax accountant—.
Gordon Thompson. He was 47, and he had a wife. He was charged once for a bar fight, but nothing too serious— said the sheriff, in a voice that revealed his anxiety —Feel free to examine the crime scene—.
Dean widened his eyes in disbelief: —What? Billie told us she wasn't responsible for these deaths, but I-I couldn't imagine Chuck would erase
—Surely heaven waits for you— Castiel replied under his breath.
—Squirrel, it's good to hear you too. I wanted to thank you all for the escape hatch that you provided me. I guess now we're even. Now if you'll excuse me, I've got to make up for lost time—. And so Crowley hung up before they could say anything.
The bunker looked pretty much the same, it had new appliances and better furniture, but no drastic changes. Dean's bedroom was the only exception: it had been enlarged, embellished and a king size bed had made his appearance in the middle of the room. Dean blushed with embarrassment, and choked on his own saliva as he saw the pictures framed on the night tables. —So, we are together. Like
Before Cas could ask, Dean and Sam explained him what had happened to Jack.
. It's like the Empty lost its inertia—.
After he had hung up the phone, he saw a small box concealed in a corner of the drawer. He picked it up, but he had reservations about opening it, for fear of violating Dean's privacy. He thought about it for a minute, sitting on Dean's unmade bed, but in the end his curiosity won.
—Easy, Winchester. I'm not stuffing your kid with cosmic TNT
—I made a deal— Castiel answered, lowering his eyes.
from himself. This corpse too strongly smelled like sulfur.
—Awesome!— he replied, glowingly —I understand, now, why this is my heaven's home—.
—Who's the heavenly creature who brought me coffee?— Dean asked in his morning slurred voice.
Castiel's silence suggested that he didn't. Dean let out a sigh, tossed one of his shirts to him, and quickly turned around, heading for the bathroom to brush his teeth, while Cas was getting changed. Sam looked entertained, he had missed the casualness of these moments more than anything else.
—You're performing the ritual—, Michael ordered Sam —You're Lucifer's true vessel, your call will be louder— he explained, not giving Sam enough time to complain.
The awkwardness of the situation faded quickly, as they went easily back to their dinner and casual conversation. In the end, they were sad but serene, knowing that the ones they loved were together in a literal safe heaven. They also knew that someway, one day, they would meet them again.
—I warn you, it's really bad— .
—What do you mean? Of course he's gonna come back to the bunker!— Replied Dean, waiting for Jack's confirmation.
—So, Castiel decided to follow Dean in heaven— Jody posed that as a half question, just to start a conversation.
—Now, go. Dean is already driving towards the waterfall you chose for your reunion—.
—Okay, enough mush— Ishim cut in —I'm glad to be the one who'll purge that abhorrent relationship of yours—.
A flutter of wings interrupted the elder brother, who immediately reached for the gun hidden under the table and aimed at the source of the noise. It was Michael, in Adam's meatsuit, holding his hands up in sign of peace.
Michael seemed bewildered, and remained speechless for a while.
—I have restyled it a little— Cas replied with a smirk.
"Gott Ist Ein Popstar", by Oomph!
Dean looked astonished, but slowed him down: —Later—, he said, going back in the bedroom and closing the door behind them. —First things first: is this memory foam?— Asked in all seriousness, pointing to the bed.
Dean suddenly remembered that day, one of the worst in his miserable life: it felt like a stab in the stomach, but somehow instilled hope into his soul.
—They're fighting God— Castiel answered with a flat tone. Crowley nearly choked on his own saliva and commented: —Your boys are always good at shocking me—.
—My partners and I are on our way— Sam replied.
Castiel knew well that Dean wasn't a back sleeper: he had always lain on his belly (or on his side), so that he could keep the right hand under the pillow, where the gun was concealed. Because of this, sensing the man lying stiff and still beside him, made Castiel feel on pins and needles. After a while, indeed, Dean started mumbling something: —Cas, 're you sleepin'?—
—No, dear. I'm guessing your pretty little angel will be safe and sound in his hot, blue eyed meatsuit— Answered Lucifer, teasing the elder Winchester.
Jack disappeared behind his bedroom's door, and Sam went back to the library, where he found Dean, bent on the table with a knife in his hand. As he got closer, he saw Cas' initials freshly carved next to theirs.
—Please— Jack insisted —I'm not going to eavesdrop what you say, I promise—.
—This must be a joke— he said, looking at the two queens right in front of him, —I thought that all this shit would be over once Chuck was dead—.
—Yes— Dean replied.
—I can rest on the chair. I have enough grace to make do with it— suggested Castiel, guessing what the problem was. Dean looked at the stiff wooden chair beside his bed: it looked like the most uncomfortable thing in the whole world.
Dean snorted, rolling his eyes, but then accepted and followed his son into his room. Sam smiled at them.
—Yes, thanks to the presence of all the four archangels and me, now the heaven is almost at full power. Some angels are back too— Jack stated.
—He'll wait for you in Heaven. He will be in peace, Sam— Castiel smiled, with his eyes full of tears. When Sam overstepped the threshold, Cas pulled him in a hug, preventing him from turning around and seeing his brother dying.
consult the queen of hell? Is it a normal thing to do when you're God?—
—Goodbye Sammy, goodbye Cas— Dean made his farewell —I love you—.
The lady answered yes, and gave them the key for room 207, on the first floor. As Dean opened the door, he put on an uneasy look.
The pattern was clear, and they didn't even need to go asking the widow. They came back to the motel and set up their weapons: they had holy water, shotgun shells filled with rock salt, devil's trap bullets and obviously Ruby's knife. Sam recorded the exorcism and sent it to both Dean and Cas: they were trying to save the unfortunate person that the demon was going to use as a meatsuit. And then they waited for the night to come.
—And Cas— Dean pitched in.
The blissfulness shone through Cas' face, as he took the small step forward needed to meet Dean and crush him fervently in his arms.
—I already relocated all the monsters in purgatory. I don't know if you were aware of this, I did it while bringing back all the people erased by Chuck, as a gift for Sam and Dean— he smiled softly —unfortunately Dean didn't have the chance to benefit from it, but Sam and Eileen will. You're probably correct about heaven's and hell's shutdown, I'll have a consultation with Rowena—.
In the meantime, at the morgue:
—Cas— said Dean dryly, —He saved my life. She's dead—.
—Because I don't wanna be late tonight, but the only thing I want us to do right now is lay on this king size memory foam majesty—.
They set up a goodbye party in the bunker, like the one they had had for Mary. They prepared a lot of food, and obviously there was a great abundance of beer. And pie. Dean would have loved that evening.
—So, that's the plan:— Sam started explaining, clearing his throat —you're going to wake up and gather as many angels as you can and we will let you all get out of there. We're going to perform the spell again tomorrow—.
Dean sat between Cas and his mom, salivating at the mere sight of the Winchester Surprise on the table. There were also Piggly Wiggly's meatloaf, steak and burgers. They were lucky that they couldn't die
After a minute, Castiel looked relieved. —It was the angel radio— he panted —I haven't heard so many voices in years. They're back from the Empty, Dean—.
—I'm sorry for my deplorable acts, Balthazar. I know this doesn't change what I've done. I was blinded by my thirst for power— Castiel made an admission of guilt, begging forgiveness of his old friend.
—Dean! We were waiting for you— Mary opened the door, glowing with joy and welcoming her son with a warm hug. —And of course we were waiting for you too—, she said looking at the angel with a soft smile.
—Or maybe he's back to sleep— Balthazar took into account, —But this is our best opportunity—.
Their eyes shone respectively in blue and red, as Michael and Lucifer possessed them both. Michael's and Lucifer's swords struck the physical body of Chuck as a lightning, while Gabriel and Raphael were hitting him on the other planes of existence.
—Well, I honestly don't know— Sam replied, looking at Eileen, —we can go on with the family business, but I would also like to study and... to find a normal job, you know. I guess we'll figure it out over time— she nodded, with a soft smile on her face.
—We'll know in a few hours— Sam replied.
—That's not going to happen until we're a hundred percent sure that Cas will be back. Moreover, last time it worked with
—Why do I always have to be the one going to the morgue?— Dean complained, annoyed.
—No! Dean, please, don't— implored Castiel. Ishim was laughing.
A dark crack opened in front of them. Dean sucked in a breath, and he held back his tears while looking at the opening that had swallowed his best friend up.
—I'm perfectly comfortable in this attire, Dean— Castiel replied.
(See the end of the chapter for
—You're banished from here forever. Now, leave— Jack ordered. And so, the Shadow stormed out with a growl.
They arranged the necessary for the ritual downstairs in the dungeon: salt, Jack's blood and a piece of paper with the incantation written on it.
The cage was opened, Sam was taken and Castiel was pushed in.
Jack looked surprised.
, I remind you that he looks like my father— Claire remarked —I don't want to think about him and Dean together... like
"Home Sweet Home" by Mötley Crüe
—Dean—, Castiel got serious —there's no police in heaven—.
Uriel wasn't surprised at all, so he put on a knowing smile and said: —After all this time, nothing has changed—. Castiel cracked a smile.
—And what do we do? Are we going to kick and punch the ground?— Crowley asked ironically.
Dean was looking at the waterfalls: he was happy. He had already met Bobby, and he knew that his parents were there too. All the people he had loved on Earth were there, even Charlie, and he would have all the time to enjoy his afterlife with them.
—Gone— was the only word Dean managed to say. A flash of understanding went through Jack's mind: —The Shadow finally came to collect her prize—. It wasn't a question, and Dean didn't deny.
—What time is it?—
under my watch—.
—So,— Uriel pondered —we have been God's worn-out puppets for millions of years. And those two humans broke the cycle. That's incredible—.
—He was quiet, and rude sometimes. And it was unusual, because he always was a polite boy. And I could have sworn I saw his eyes blackening once— She answered in a shaky voice.
—Sam, we've got nothing to lose anymore, we have to do it— said Dean, his voice full of sorrow.
—Tell me there's not some kinky 50 shades' playroom behind that door— Dean said, pointing worriedly at it.
—I know, Cas— Dean said taking a deep breath and trying to hold his tears back. —But I- I just
happy while sacrificing yourself— Dean explained, feeling his heart pounding fiercely in his chest —I'm happy, Cas. You made me so—.
—Why?— Dean asked on the verge of tears.
—No— Castiel answered in a deep voice, narrowing his eyes —that's in the dungeon—.
—What do we need?— he asked.
—Do you really want to trade your life for his?— Asked Ishim —I'm intrigued. Since I want to make
—I need to go, Sam— he said to Sam, —I'm sorry. I promised Dean that I would have joined him in heaven—
Right at that moment, Dean's phone started ringing. He watched the caller's name and he froze: —It's Crowley—.
—I do— he replied with confidence —I was taken off guard by the bedroom's... uhm...
—Yes,— Castiel confirmed —But you were dead in the Apocalypse World, not in this one—.
Sam looked wrecked, but Castiel knew he had to leave. He made sure that Eileen was on her way to the bunker and said goodbye both to Miracle and Sam.
—Are you gonna come back with us to the bunker?— Asked Sam.
the planet's population—.
family, the one they had built: there were Sam and Dean, of course, and Cas and Jack. They were smiling. They were happy. Cas was back and they were in that cowboys' motel that Dean had loved, and all had been strangely quiet for a while.
—Hello, Dean— he greeted softly, returning the hug.
—Of course— The angel answered, feeling almost outraged by the question.
Castiel nodded, so they said goodnight to one another and went to bed.
—After what happened in the last hunt and in all these years, I feel that would be right to close the gates of heaven and hell—.
Castiel tried to refuse the offering more than once, but Dean was firm, even though he was still looking a little uneasy. Sam was in the bathroom to take a shower, and for the umpteenth time Cas offered to take the chair.
me anything—.
—I'm sorry, kid, if I had known you were coming, I would have made you the double cheeseburger you love— Dean said —But you can have mine, if you want. I'm going to make another one—.
They looked at each other with their eyes widened in astonishment: —Did he come out of here?— A demon asked curiously.
—If we get out alive, we're even— Balthazar replied. After all, ten years was nothing compared to the sempiternal life of an angel.
— Dean answered, staring at the ceiling. Castiel looked confused, but still he wished him goodnight and closed his eyes.
Dean rolled on his side, facing Castiel: —I'm glad you're back home—.
—Yes!— Dean and Sam shouted together.
—If there is any problem with the place, tell me— Jack was going to snap his fingers again, but Castiel stopped him: —Jack, wait, there's something else I need to ask you—.
Within all that chaos, Jack suddenly felt himself bursting with energy: God's and archangel's energy. But it wasn't enough: the more the multidimensional fight went on, the more was the power that Jack managed to absorb. So he waited 'till the archangel were on their knees, almost defeated, and then he drew near to Chuck, whose magnitude was decreased little by little. He put his hands on Chuck's temples and finally absorbed most of his powers. He left the minimum requirement to live, but as a human.
—Oh, that's so romantic— Alex said, all dreamy.
Castiel looked confused, and Dean realized that he hadn't seen the angel in any other outfit besides that one in years.
. He saw, reflected in the mirror, Cas' handprint still on his sleeve. He didn't have the one scarred on his shoulder anymore, but he could bet that this one was exactly in the same place. The realization had him shaking, and he had to take a minute to rein back his feelings. He ended up being late to the car. Sam was obviously already there, ready to say something witty about Dean's delay. However, as he glanced towards his brother's shoulder, he hushed.
graphic descriptions of corpses at the morgue and on the crime scene.
— Sam said —Tell him that Miracle will be fine with me and Eileen—.
Cas was near, but he looked like he couldn't see them. As he approached the crack, a loud scream revealed the presence of something else: the Shadow.
“There are no sides here, Dean. I am just simply trying to help.”
He was not in the mood for Lee’s bullshit, at least not this early.
Naomi and Chuck surprised the couple by throwing them a baby shower with the help of all their friends. Dean couldn’t believe it. Everyone was ecstatic, Bobby was excited to be a grandpa, and Rowena insisted that the baby should call her auntie.
Dean started walking towards the bedroom area when Sam stopped him.
"I'm sorry Cas. I…I have so many things in my head right now and I…"
"It's okay G, just remind me never to drink in public again. I think he did something to my drink."
“I know. But I am in no condition to give anyone my heart. You know this.”
“Everything. I don’t really remember what happened after you left. I ordered drinks, but I keep getting these flashbacks of Lee on top of me and me asking him to stop but he didn’t and I blacked out. Then it was morning...and he was in bed with me. He said we...we had sex and I was asking for it.”
“Where are you going?” Cas asked, walking to his window. “Dean.”
“I’ll clean the mess up. Right now he could literally do anything and I wouldn’t get mad,” Dean laughed as he took the sponge and started cleaning the mess.
“See. This is why I didn’t want to tell because I knew you would react like this,” Dean defended himself but he remained seated, his heart thudding in his chest.
“No. It’s nothing like that. I think…I think I might’ve hurt him,” Dean sniffled, tears threatening to topple over from his eyes.
“I saw Lee,” Dean said quietly.
“So…that part sucks.”
“I don’t think so. And I don’t feel like I would be keeping anything from her either. It’s like I was just sent back to my childhood to tie some loose ends and now I can finally move on with my life,” Gordon laughed. “It’s so bizarre. Are we psychopaths?”
“A brother, he’s younger. He’s a lawyer on Wall Street.”
“Yeah, that’s true. I am the chairman of the board, but I can’t make that decision unilaterally. At least two-thirds of the board has to vote to oust him,” Chuck huffed. “Besides, they will know about it, and people talk. We don’t want that getting out to the media. But I also doubt it’s true. Michael would never…”
Castiel thought to himself.
“Cas, I’m so sorry. I’m sorry I was a coward when I needed to speak, but I couldn’t let you be with someone like me, someone tainted,” Dean sobbed into Castiel’s chest.
“I know, Dean. But you have to know that you will never lose him, at least not truly,” Castiel consoled him then lifted Dean’s head and looked into his eyes.
“Don’t remove them on my account. I like them,” Castiel smiled, Dean blushed, placing his glasses in their case.
mean in this context?” Dean was rambling.
“Thank you,” Kelly replied.
“Good Morning, Dean,” Jack responded without looking up.
“We’ll be there in a few,” Dean said as he looked back at Castiel. “The snow is just so beautiful tonight.”
“Oh,” Dean said, trying to feign surprise but he wasn’t so good at pretending. Castiel noticed.
“I like my room,” Cas said, reluctant to leave.
“Hey, I can be fun,” Sam defended himself.
“Of course, Cas!” Dean exclaimed and a few heads turned around them. Dean mouthed ‘sorry’ and in a much lower voice he said, “Cas, I would love that.”
Without warning, Dean flicked his tongue on the tip of Cas’ cock and chuckled when he felt him shudder.
All the ladies had insisted that they were free to babysit any time. Dean and Castiel knew that what they said was just a courtesy. None of them actually had any free time. Charlie, Donna, and Jody only had weekends off. Donna and Jody were busier, between working at the hospital and running a homeless shelter for girls. Naomi was away in Europe most of the time with Bartholomew doing whatever they did there though she came to the States every three months. She insisted that she would make her visits more frequent for Jack’s sake. Rowena was mostly free when she wasn’t busy gallivanting all over the world with her latest beau. The couple appreciated the gesture because, at the end of the day, they knew that whenever they needed them, the ladies would be there. Even Naomi, it was her grandson after all.
