No answer.
But John only smiled at him and quickly made his way through the toast he’d tried to push at the Alpha. He then leaned forward until he could reach a cheek and planted a kiss there. His lips left a slightly sticky mark as they pulled away.
“Sherlock…” he breathed.
John tensed more noticeably at that but otherwise, his expression didn’t seem to change. Very studiously didn’t, in fact.
He then realised that he’d felt the movement as they’d carried the younger Holmes, but it had been so faint in comparison with the slight jostling that was unavoidable that he hadn’t taken conscious notice until now.
It did not land on his arm or even his shoulder, but it was rather effective at getting him to stop moving.
All of them oozed the same kind of quality and class the bag held. More than that, though…they were thoughtful. Things had been picked carefully, with an eye on both what would appeal visually, with the brightness of the yellow, and tactilely, to a child and what pushed no preference of gender bias onto the parents.
As soon as he picked it up, there was no doubt that it was a dress, the white bits being the hem, the bias binding on the sleeves and the little Peter Pan collar. One designed for a little girl in the age range of three to four. Which was just about the right age, wasn’t it?
“I never feel obligated.”
Why were they so muffled, though? And there was one noise in particular that he was listening for which he wasn’t getting; that of any type of growl, hiss or roar, especially the last one.
But the problem, the
So, to make sure that he wasn’t moving into territory that could be considered suggestive or in any way inappropriate, he lay on his side and kept his back lined up with the edge of the mattress. It was close enough to it that Sherlock had plenty of room to move without needing to bump into John if he didn’t want to but far enough from it that he didn’t risk toppling out of bed if he so much as shifted.
The brunet raised an eyebrow at that. “And you don’t think I’ve taken that into consideration?”
After that, he waited, trying to gauge how that was received and whether it had even gotten through.
“Why are you so adamant?”
In fact, he was grateful to Sherlock not to out him to his, their, landlady, giving him the opportunity to establish himself away from the identity of ‘keeper’. Not that he was ashamed of his past – he had a lot of feelings towards his past, especially the time in the harem, but he wasn’t going to be ashamed of it, not if he could help it – but he had enough on his plate without being judged for said past right out of the starting gate.
They were her family. All of them.
So, what he was struggling with had as much if not just a bit more to do with a sense of being a bad father and failing his children before they’d even gotten there.
He paused as he closed his eyes for a moment; he needed to take a very brief dive into his Mind Palace for a bit of calm and reason, so that his feelings didn’t completely get the better of them. Whatever his previous incarnation, if you could put it like that, might say, he was glad to have them out there and functioning. However, that didn’t entail he’d allow them to take the reins entirely, not if he could help it.
As for John…he seemed to be quietly amused but more than willing to indulge his overlarge pet.
If he had fallen asleep in their bed, intentionally or not, then calling for him would be…well, John wouldn’t do it, at any rate.
John was the one who was to start the song off and so Sherlock watched as he took a deep breath, seemingly aware of the audience but no more than that, then started to play. Sherlock followed suit when he was meant to come in, joining in with the ease that came with skill and practice.
That was…that was the sort of comment that Moriarty would make, wasn’t it? Whether it was to drive a wedge between them or get Sherlock back as a playmate – or should that be play
“Has he claimed you?”
The problem was that though he needed something to take his mind off it, nothing in the flat seemed to do the trick – the idea that if you don’t think about something constantly and to the almost complete exclusion of all other concerns, you don’t really care about whatever it is, had always struck him as ludicrous. If you did that, you’d go mad sooner or later, which would be no help to anyone. Of course, he was hardly one to talk, but he was aware of it and he did
It was the single word of, “Why…?”
It felt almost surreal, really, to finally be doing this. No, to be this close to it.
“Excuse me if that doesn’t make me feel a whole lot safer, because wheels within wheels is where I’ve lived for several years now and if there is one thing it doesn’t is make you feel safe unless you’re the one spinning those wheels.”
Thank you to the people who read the first part and especially those so kind as to leave feedback. That's hugely appreciated and has powered me through a bit.
For a moment, the voice sounded like the one he so very much didn’t want to hear, and he stiffened despite his best efforts to remain calm and not disturb the one curled up mostly on top of him.
Would he have taken it? Unlikely but he might have picked it up and put it somewhere. It would be rather pointless, all things considered, if he didn’t know the significance of the watch itself, but on the other hand, there would naturally be some sibling tendencies.
I know it's a relatively short chapter and it's been a long wait for...well, at least I hope the start of this confrontation has been alright. At least we're going again, eh?
“Sherlock! You need to leave!” John was shouting now, yanking at his arm as he tried to pivot him back the way he had come.
When it went on just a fraction or two, or five, longer than a peck could reasonably encompass, there was a small but nevertheless somehow pointed clearing of throat.
As it did, he felt its effect, its promise, seep into him and for a moment, he considered it.
He would say that all he could do was keep his fingers crossed, only that wasn’t true. There was more that he could do.
The elder Holmes held his gaze for a moment longer than was comfortable then leaned back.
But now…this wasn’t that. Oh, there would undoubtedly be something of that bubble nature simply from the nature of it, but this bubble would have quite a few tethers to the ground.
Almost as though she was trying to work out what she’d done wrong and whether she would be punished for it.
Sherlock shot it a brief but somewhat intense glare but otherwise he ignored it. When it rang a second time straight after having finished ringing, however, John reached over to take it. He didn’t answer it – the number wasn’t visible – but held it out to the Alpha.
In the end, though, he managed to wrestle them under control, along with his Alpha, despite its loud and vehement protest. It took a long moment, though, and in that moment, he could do nothing but stand there.
Not at that precise moment, no, perhaps not. But even Sherlock wasn’t that much of an egotist that he couldn’t acknowledge John had had a life before Sherlock, before he’d been shot. An interesting, danger-filled, thrilling life. That he couldn’t return to that life and he’d struggled to keep himself together when they’d met, that was another matter entirely.
Alright, so he wasn’t the most experienced with…social things, he knew that, but he was getting better and he did know about most of the practicalities of it all.
Even taking that into account, though, there were no bodily signs that he was struggling to carry what Sherlock had made him bring.
“Yeah?”
He didn’t hesitate in mentioning it outright. Mycroft knew he had it, John knew he knew, and the ginger knew that the doctor knew, which was probably as he preferred it. It was something to dangle over him, if he wanted to, or just keep on file for later possible use. Though at this point, John would think he’d proved that he was dedicated to helping Sherlock, not just in this situation but in general, a dedication that sometimes meant he had a need for the gun.
He waited with breath he didn’t realise was bated for an answer. Anything, really.
It was more than tempting to do the same for the entire suggestion that Moriarty could ever possibly be Tessa’s…father and he had to wonder why he had even let it finish formulating.
Something pinched at his ear. Automatically, he reached up to grab at whatever it had been. His hand came into contact with Sherlock’s, which grabbed his and refused to let go.
Sherlock didn’t answer. John wasn’t going to like it, and with the precarious balance he had right now, he didn’t want to rock the boat.
That might be a little much to infer if it was anyone else, but he was coming to learn that if you looked, properly, it was not unreasonable to expect and find several things in the expression all at once.
So, it was only natural the poor thing was confused.
Sherlock’s phone sounded again, loud in the momentary stillness of the flat.
That last point, however, he could mostly dismiss. Yes, without Mycroft letting him in on what John had been planning for his Christmas present and the implications thereof, he wouldn’t have known and wouldn’t have sorted out in his own mind whether he wanted things to go that way before it had been sprung on him. Which in turn would’ve made it less likely that he’d have said yes.
“What makes you say that?” The question came out very quietly.
“Why haven’t you…if you think there’s a solution there that’ll do the trick, why didn’t you say so immediately? Come to that, why didn’t you say it to me when you mentioned it to Sherlock? Just to be on the safe side.”
, both the camp itself and the unit, temporary and permanently.
Fluke…
I couldn't resist the chapter title, apologies.
It was important to him because it was important to John, however sappy that might sound…and did it matter if it was sappy? There were only to people it should matter to, and they were allowed to be sappy towards each other.
Sorry for the POV shift at the start, it just seemed to fit.
All of that, Moriarty had robbed him of by calling him like this, just as he’d robbed him of his future. His best friend. His love. His personhood.
Even so, he couldn’t quite put his finger on what it was. It felt good, however, in a way that was soothing and reassuring. That should probably alarm him but when he probed it, it yielded easily then flowed back, unthreatening and unwilling, it seemed, to push further against him until he was on the backfoot.
“Mama,” she called to the woman, reaching her own arms out in that very particular way of small children.
Alone was not what he had. That wasn’t even a question or a possibility, that was a fact. John wasn’t going anywhere, provided…but it wouldn’t be of his own free will. Which was part of the problem, but the point right now was how the doctor had turned that deeply ingrained belief on its head, not in one go but slowly and steadily, much like his typing.
The Alpha shook his head in agreement. “You’re being stupid, though,” he said, somewhat contradictory.
“How can I sleep if I…don’t know where you are?”
“Sherlock, please. I’m not angry with you and even if I were, I’m not going to leave. I had the opportunity, didn’t I? In fact, I’ve had more than one and I’ve not taken any of them. Look at me, please?”
I liked writing the thoughts of Sherlock on this - and well, all of it, really. Next chapter I hope won't take as long but I don't want to promise something I might not be able to keep.
He leant forward to kiss Sherlock, not on his lips but on his forehead, soft and lingering.
“Because for one, what you own is
Well, that wasn’t off to a good start, was it?
He got a raised eyebrow and a brief grin for his trouble. “Don’t worry about.”
Hell, the mere fact that they could evidently shift partially between them seemed proof enough of that…and that was a mental image he really could do without, human body parts attached an otherwise mostly draconian body.
Mycroft blinked at that, though only the once. “My word, there’s a turn-up for the books. If I had known your apparent animosity hid something like that, then I should’ve had – “
John’s train of thought was broken when Sherlock stepped up and drew him close by wrapping his arms around the small of his back.
At that, Sherlock raised an eyebrow.
This time, though, the angle of their hands trapped air between their palms and made a noise that best could be described as an aging and threadbare whoopee cushion trying for one last hurrah.
“Well, then, you should’ve spoken up, shouldn’t you?”
Not too far behind, though, as there’d been some time spent going back and forth through the streets. Much like they had been while they’d been walking. The car must’ve gone over some of the same places, really, which felt…out of character.
‘What kind of mysteries? I’m guessing you don’t mean who stole the spotted dick from the dinner ladies or what caused all the toilets to flush at once?’
He didn’t realise he must’ve been muttering some of this out loud until he felt lips on his temple.
Still…there was at least something comforting in the thought that even Mycroft couldn’t quite escape well-wishers at this time of year, however two-faced and wily they might be. Or, if they were to truly get under his brother’s skin, they would be entirely genuine and cheery.
“Didn’t say that, did I? Wasn’t finished yet. I just…I appreciate the thought, I really do. It’s only that...” He paused to gather his thoughts again. “Well, to know that there might be a solution, a solution to a problem that is…but you’re going to have to wait for it for another eight to ten hours for something as seemingly insignificant as sleep…do you think you would be able to get a wink?”
But now, with Moriarty not only in the picture, but having kidnapped and shielded John, things were different, and not for the better.
That seemed far more likely, even if it made John’s heart ache. To be honest, it ached in simultaneously both a good and an unpleasant way. Unpleasant because, well, though he’d known it to be unrequited, his feelings hadn’t gone away, and good because it put an intrinsic and significant value on their friendship, even if a subconscious one on Sherlock’s part.
“No.”
And with that, what remained of the tension in John’s body as well as his mind dissolved. Just that small, completely irrelevant but warm exchange and the knowledge that Sherlock would do that, would think to save something on his mental hard drive that had no use and no relevance except coming from something John enjoyed.
Platitudes. Routines. A nurse approached them. Her expression sombre but friendly. Standard procedure. She asked if they needed anything. Water. Tranquilisers. John shook his head.
"Yes, I will."
"I hope we won't need them," he said.
"I'm not saying that. You simply need to have your partnership recognised legally so I can bequeath the house to you. Everything else is your business. Although I'd be delighted by a real wedding. It would be so romantic! If I could live to see that..."
Sherlock didn't answer, probably didn't know what to do with the unexpectedly emotional statement.
John had promised to think about it. The offer was tempting, but he wanted to keep his working hours limited. Two days a week. Maximum. And emergencies. Dr Halsey was overjoyed. He said he was grateful for any patient out this way that John could take care of.
"You have no idea, Sherlock," John retorted fiercely. "They'll take you apart and put you through treatment, including medication. It will change you. Rosenfeld's not a walk in the park. The clinic's notorious for playing hardball and not pulling any punches with their methods."
"I don't know," Sherlock said. It sounded sincere. He reached for the note pad and wrote:
"That's got to have repercussions in the rest of their life too," John remarked, fishing for more.
"I want to have that music in my body," said John. "In my head, in my hands, and in my lips."
"At least spiritually and emotionally," John amended with a smirk. "Physically, reality is limping a few steps behind at the moment."
It was still in the kitchen, simply still for a long time. John tried to calm down, to make some sense of things. He sat down next to Sherlock at the table, thinking, not looking at his friend. He picked up the teapot, poured tea into Sherlock's cup, then into his own, set the teapot back on the table and folded his hands in front of him.
“I can when it mirrors my own. Not now, no, I am perfectly aware of that. But the fear about the instincts, including possessiveness, speaking for you, possibly without your conscious knowledge? I do know that one, quite well, too. Certainly enough to be able to spot in your face.”
“So? That wasn’t the intention.”
Or perhaps he was indeed retreating.
What was left of the smile vanished at that.
“That’ll be the sleep, love, not – “
“No, it means I might have had the urge but that I haven’t followed through with it. Not then nor in the intervening years,” Sherlock replied and there was more than a bit of snap to his voice. Some hurt there, too, if you listened carefully. “I have never had and never will have any interest in claiming anybody as treasure, and that includes you!”
Then he noticed something attached to the string tying the bibs together. A small card, written in a tidy if not exactly neat hand, read,
To emphasise he meant no harm, to be completely sure it got through, he let go of John’s hand and held both of his out, palms up, fingers spread. Nothing to see here.
But why else would an Alpha come here – and specifically just happen to pick the time that Sherlock was away? Again, not to say that he should be there, but it was odd that of all times, if this was just someone dropping by for whatever reason, that they’d pick the precise time John would be on his own.
“Why would I have done anything with your watch?” The twat didn’t even bother looking up from whatever he was pulling apart or liquifying or whichever.
But this didn’t…that couldn’t…he knew that boy!
“First of all, so do you, and secondly, I can’t. Not yet.”
“Wouldn’t Sherlock have fit that criteria? What’s the point of mucking that up if that’s what you want? To not be bored?”
“Tessa’s too old for nappies or she ought to be, at least. Unless they haven’t taught her normal underwear but –”
In his indecision and worry, John had managed to get them both onto the centre of the stage, where the microphones stood.
He hadn’t meant to raise his voice at that. But he wasn’t going to sit idly by and watch those walls slam into place. Not now, not after everything.
“Thank you,” he said when they parted.
Not that he wasn’t going to, because he always seemed to manage to, but there was no reason to actively
That it is.” The blond tugged the orange blanket up over them both as Sherlock settled himself back against him. Wine and dessert could wait.
However, he did stop and turn around to face the doctor a moment later. John halted, too.
“I don’t know, do I? But you’re currently carrying me through the air by means of a great big pair of batwings growing out of your back, through your coat with no signs of tearing, I might add, you’ve got horns visible through your curls. You made a big deal out of Moriarty not coming into oral contact with my blood, you’ve been shot several times without collapsing in a pool of your own blood, and oh yeah, you’re a blooming dragon! Excuse me for thinking some hypnosis-induced amnesia was among your arsenal of skills!”
When he finally reached the part of him that was the dragon, it appeared completely dormant.
What did was that the bibs weren’t just of quality material, they had something embroidered on them, in a rather elegant font. The problem was what the text said; ‘Yes, we are twins’.
‘Sorry, got a bollocking from the teacher. Hell, I don’t know yet. Any particular reason you’re asking?’
“Yes, even then, or any other claims he might make, however true they might be.”
And it wasn’t comparable to the harem, at least not in that sense. Yes, it was a factor of both that he was living in close quarters but then again, that could be said for when he’d been in the military. It wasn’t as though they provided each soldier with a private chamber, was it?
That thought was both irrelevant and rather minor, though. The majority of John’s thoughts were taking up with sympathy for Sherlock. It might of course be more than that, in fact it was unquestionably much more complicated than that, but it was hard not to hear about such experiences and relate it to his reticence and resentment of relationships to at least some degree.
And I'm rambling, I know. Doesn't even help that I mean it...I'll shut up.
The clerk had whitened at that but thankfully hadn’t been stupid enough to try and deny it or demand to see evidence. Given that he was sitting at his desk, in an open office landscape, that would’ve been extraordinarily stupid but then again, people weren’t always very bright, were they?
John smiled, though he also raised an eyebrow. “Yeah, you do.”
“I don’t know, you might want to see what different acids do to its accuracy while firing or something like that!”
“Of all the things I thought I’d see,” was all the doctor said out loud.
When it reached him, it fell on him swiftly and forcefully.
at the other. The blond found himself just a teensy bit surprised – and that was a strange thing to be surprised at, given the circumstances – that wings didn’t spread out behind him to further drive the intimidation.
“…well, yes, I suppose that’s true,” Sherlock conceded. “But it is only a thing, comparatively speaking. I’ll live.”
Though it was a lovely thought, it would seem highly unlikely that John had been the one to give it to her. After all, they’d taken her from him almost as soon as she’d been born, barely allowing him time to familiarise her scent.
“Please don’t, John,” he whispered, voice strangled, very aware of his body and the fact that John was just behind him. Close enough to lean into. Close enough to easily hurt.
As he did take a moment, his hand hovering in an outstretched position though he didn’t try to grab at the gold again, he noticed something which he really ought to have caught immediately; the eyes which he’d seen those emotions in had…changed, or rather, flashed, much like Moriarty’s had. In fact, exactly like Moriarty’s had, the only real difference being that the colour the eyes had flashed was the blue-tinted white, very much like those of his brother’s, except one was green and the other blue.
There were a few things that stood out. “He – he did seem scared of something from his past, in relation to sex. Of losing control.”
It might be relying on it a bit too much, someone would say. But then again, the people that would say something like that tended to be busybodies. He was a doctor and while he might agree in other circumstances, creating a dependence that wasn’t healthy, he also knew the importance of it in times of crisis.
Telling him that, though…it was highly unlikely that John wasn’t already aware, and it wasn’t as though he was choosing this.
“You just said you would, the hell is the difference?”
As for dragons, it didn’t seem likely that something as…no, not necessarily selfish but greedy as a dragon would allow another dragon into its life, its treasure, if it was only for the short term. Did they birth live young? They were reptilian, yes, but they were also magical and could bloody well shapeshift at will, it didn’t have to follow that they laid eggs.
It wasn’t accusatory, however. Instead, it was demanding or at least pleading. Willing him to have the answer.
However, that wasn’t to say that he was going to sit by and do nothing. There wasn’t only himself to think of here in the flat, either, and though he’d brought danger to his new family already by not thinking of the phone immediately, he wasn’t going to ignore it, either.
“Approximately, yes. Not that I blame you.”
But John’s eyes were warm and understanding. “That you haven’t? Not really, not on its own. But when you were that confused why somebody would kiss you, coupled with your earlier confession that nobody ever touches you, then it wasn’t that hard a deduction to make. I still don’t get why, though.”
“Sherlock?” was the first word out of his mouth.
If he was going to do this, he might as well lay it all out. For his own benefit as much as the dragon’s. It was good to say it out loud to himself, both for confirmation and as a reminder.
That wasn’t what he’d focused on, in any case. His mind had just plucked that one out to have something to refute on a sort of autopilot. What he’d actually focused on was…well, the rest of it.
You didn’t bestow that title on someone lightly when you were a child, after all.
John opened his mouth to agree but Sherlock ploughed on.
It was not free yet, whatever it might claim, try to convince him of, and he had not…he was not alone in this. John was there and he would – if it came down to it, he would do what needed to be done. Without hesitation, he would do it, too. Sherlock knew that down in his bones.
Shifting the shopping bag to the other hand, he let his left slide underneath his jacket, ostensibly so he could reach for something in his trouser pocket. In reality, he checked that he could reach the knife without needing to fiddle with it too much or risk it getting stuck in the jacket as he pulled it out.
The blond smiled, reassuring. “It’s okay, love, we don’t have to if you’re not – “
“Oh.” He turned to Sherlock. “These weren’t random at all. They’re from…from all the…that’s why it was Angelo’s…how did I not see…?”
It took a long, suspended moment for him to register that someone had spoken and another still for him to realise it was John. Which was stupid, as it could only be the doctor – unless Moriarty had somehow managed not only to get in but had mastered shapeshifting into different human guises – though to be fair to him, Sherlock was a little distracted.
"It's my fault, John," Sherlock whispered. "Eurus's death is my fault."
A few scattered couples sat in the cosy spots by the water, now and again there was a family. They napped, chatted, picnicked, and bathed. The rush was over, most people had already gone home. No sign of Sherlock and Dave. John had checked out nearly all of the cross-paths when he heard laughter out in the water. The echo carried the sound across the surface of the water right to him. It was Sherlock's laugh. John immediately slipped behind the tree he was standing next to. Sherlock was splashing around with Dave, almost in the middle of the pond. With Dave and a third person. A woman. All three of them were laughing and splashing each other enthusiastically. Then the woman swam towards the shore, Dave and Sherlock followed.
John sobbed. Sherlock gently put his arms around him and pulled him close, drew him into an affectionate embrace. John burrowed into him.
It is then that I hear the snorting of a horse.
"He can do that?" John asked.
"Tell me what?"
First thing that morning, he'd made a fair copy of the music for John, had started at dawn and worked on it all morning, all the way into the early afternoon. He'd arranged to have staff paper bound and sewn into the calfskin display binder at the stationer's two days earlier. He'd slowly and carefully transferred the notes from his working copy, by hand, at the desk under the reading lamp, always bearing in mind that he couldn't make a mistake, that this wasn't printer's waste but valuable, bound paper, that what he wrote needed to be legible and clean in its final form. He'd started a fresh double page for each variation so that the pieces could be played without turning a page. He'd used a black fine line marker, creating a template first in order to stabilise his handwriting on the staff paper (the lines were a little further apart than those on his usual staff paper) before beginning with the fair copy. He couldn't recall ever having gone to so much trouble for a present before. He couldn't recall ever having worked on a piece of music with such joy before. And he'd never been as proud of the result.
John took the backpack and set off for the bus that would take him to the Rosenlaui gorge. He'd hike up to the Dossen lodge from there. He'd already made his decision yesterday, even as Sherlock had explained to him what he was meant to do at the Baer. It was just a distraction. John didn't have any real function at the hotel. The blather about being a contact point was nothing more than a ruse to keep him away from the lodge. John had decided to pretend he was going along with the game. He wasn't going to leave Sherlock alone with Moriarty. Moriarty was Sherlock's equal. That was far too dangerous. That much was clear to John. He wasn't going to stick to the agreement. Not this time.
*** Therefore I beseech, pray for me to the Lord our God. The complete liturgical text here would be:
"Where are you, John? I've been trying to reach you all evening." Reproach and anxiety in Sherlock's tone.
John spoke quietly, then turned around and left, walked back up the path to the main building and left Sherlock standing there. Changes were happening. Quietly, in the background. Dr Kenny had spoken to him in private.
John's smart phone alert sounded, tearing him out of his thoughts. A text had come in.
Sherlock had reached for John's hands, taken them in his. "Don't you understand? Moriarty wants YOU, John," he'd said softly. "He wants you because he knows in doing so he'll control of my heart."
Sherlock opened his eyes and their gazes met. The wild, flickering blue with an intense glow in its depths. John let the plastic bag drop carelessly to the floor and flung his arms around Sherlock, hugged him fiercely and with all the force of the emotions which welled up so tempestuously inside him. Sherlock returned the embrace, pressed his face into John's neck, his fingers into John's hair, the nape of his neck.
"Irene Adler," John said softly. "She succeeded in taking you away from me. Your attention, your heart, your time. Everything. Completely, in every way."
"Thanks."
"What's this?" John asked.
"It's good that you came," Sherlock said quietly. "I'm grateful." The lump in his chest was so thick he could hardly breathe.
"Tell me about Martin," Sherlock said softly.
John was restless. Sherlock heard him get up and go into the bathroom, then shuffle through the living room to the kitchen. The tap. John drank some water then went back to the bedroom. Sherlock pretended to be asleep when he passed the couch.
He stood up slowly and started to get dressed. John closed his eyes. He'd never seriously considered using the word love for a man before. This was the first time.
"How does he know that?"
"It must have been in one of these. On paper, not online. There's an index for each. Otherwise we're going to have to go through them one by one. I think the word 'Chaeronea' was in the title."
He felt sick. He stood, the sudden headache making him woozy, and left the church. He staggered out, headed for the nearest tree trunk and leaned against it. His pulse was racing. His head felt like it was going to explode.
"Yes."
Not that too. Fuck! This could not be happening. Sherlock had really laid all the cards out on the table.
"I think everyone's just happy the diamonds are back where they belong. Especially those priests who were safeguarding one in their candle without realising it was part of the Royal Collection."
"Please," John whispered.
He was appalled when tears promptly shot into Sherlock's, filling them. Abundantly. The wetness flowed unhindered down his hollow cheeks.
John pulled away with a sigh when the doorbell rang. His fingers brushed the back of Sherlock's hand in apology.
"In August?"
John looked up. Sherlock stood at the bar. He stood there in the midst of the crowd, leaning back against the bar, a glass in one hand, watching him. Sherlock. Finally. John twisted out of Martin's embrace and went across the room to the bar, pushed his way through the noise of the Friday evening bustle, past chairs, tables and men, to Sherlock. He went straight to him, squeezed in next to him at the bar, pushing aside the other men standing there, let himself drop forward with his stomach against the wooden bartop, leaned on his elbows and buried his face in his hands for several seconds. He was breathing hard, as if he'd just run a sprint. John felt like he was in hopelessly over his head. He wanted nothing more than to crawl away and hide somewhere, to cry, scream, anything to free him from this situation.
"She's his wife. Margret," Sherlock said.
"If anything happens to Rosie, Sherlock, or if your sister has anything to do with it, I'll kill you. I swear to you. I will kill you. You first."
Phil's doe-brown, speckled eyes searched John's grey ones, just briefly, gentle and goodnatured. No threat, no force, no judgment. A restrained friendliness. Plumbing the depths down to the nanometre.
Sherlock pressed his fists against his temples. It felt like something had started up in him that he couldn't control. A mystical game with three letters. Trivial. Completely meaningless. What was going on? What was going on with him, in his head? How ridiculous! Sherlock heard himself gasping for air. John's hand on his arm.
"Listen," John said. "I'm going to be at that pond. One way or another. No one can stop me from going swimming. Not even you. And he doesn't know me."
"Where everywhere?"
"Why did you offer to help him then?" Sherlock asked.
John felt sick. Goose pimples spread over his body, making him shiver, when he realised what that meant. Ethan's partner had been beheaded as part of a ritual. If it had happened according to the rules of the brotherhood, that meant Ethan had been present, had blessed the man who had performed the act, and absolved him of any guilt. John's knees felt weak. He leaned back against one of the cupboards opposite Sherlock. He couldn't believe what he was hearing.
Lestrade looked away, Rose watched them curiously. Then John turned to the others, took a CD out of the pocket of his jacket.
"Leave her with him," Marsden said when his sister went to take the child back from Sherlock. "We'll take him along. He can make himself useful."
"Why?"
Sherlock immediately began searching the floor around the corpse, pacing here and there, examining the prayer bench. In the meantime, John took a look at the body. The people from the Yard had taken a few steps back on Lestrade's instructions, to give them room to work.
Sometimes things went quickly between them. The greater the tension, the faster. It was good like that. Good for both of them. It was what they knew. It was part of them, their way of making love. Those times when it wasn't a game, but bare necessity. At the urging of their bodies. Maybe of their souls. They caressed each other, satiated. Smiled into each other's eyes. So familiar. So much of home. John nipped at Sherlock's lips.
"Didn't think so." They grinned at each other.
"Frescobaldi's just a couple streets down. Let's get out and make a nice evening of it," John suggested. "I need to recover from life as a priest."
He'd sprung up too, gathered up the pages and held them out to Lestrade.
Lestrade glanced up with a pained expression.
"It was made up of 150 pairs of male lovers," Sherlock specified. "And it was said to be an unbeatable force. The best and bravest warriors from near and far. Chaeronea was their last battle, however. They held out until the bitter end, but nearly everyone died." Following several heartbeats of pensive silence, Sherlock added: "They wouldn't abandon each other. That was their downfall."
"Filing cabinet," he said. "Two of the vics were Phil's patients. Davide defended him during his first malpractice suit."
Mycroft's gaze was critical, his alert eyes resting on Sherlock, observing him.
"Can we meet? I have information for you."
"I'm her godfather," he said slowly.
He'd been at the Yard that morning and Lestrade had a new case for him. A small one, but it was welcome in light of his emotional situation. Any distraction was good. He'd be present when the witness was interrogated tomorrow afternoon. John wasn't working tomorrow morning, and they had a long evening to themselves. Sherlock wanted to go out with John, wanted to be surrounded by people. Wanted to enjoy his happiness. Outside. Before the eyes of others. In real life. Before he threw himself into the case the following day.
"It's not the size of the bed that's the problem, Sherlock."
Fifteen minutes later, John sat in front of his laptop studying the PDF document. Two murders, both victims male, circa 30 years old. One was an engineer, Ferdinand Lowe, the other a baker, Henry Munro. Both single. Both had been found naked with stab wounds on the shore of a bathing pond, one in Colne Valley and the other in Hampstead Heath. The first murder - Lowe - was two years old, while Munro's had been last year. Both killings had taken place in August. And there was one more highly suspicious similarity: both victims had stayed at the Rosenfeld Rehab Centre in the months prior to their deaths.
Should he text John? John had offered him the option. He'd said: "Let me know if you need anything. Or even if you don't need anything." He'd used to do it without a second thought, before. He'd texted John at all hours of the day and night, whenever he'd felt like it. But now? It was late. John was probably asleep already. Tomorrow would be another stressful day, he'd have to get Rosie up early and bring her to the babysitter before he went to the surgery.
"John. Please."
"The casing will need to be replaced," he said. "I can offer you a similar one, but it will no longer be the same clock."
It remained silent. John did come. He came at some point. Sherlock didn't check the time. He didn't open his eyes, didn't look at him. John arrived and sat down next to him. No words spoken. Sherlock felt his weight settling on the bench next to him. He felt the mass of his body, the heat radiating from it. He heard John's breath and smelled his scent, a familiar combination of his shower gel and the disinfectant that was used in the surgery. Sherlock breathed in John's presence, drew it in with every breath, took it in through every pore of his skin, with his entire body. All of his senses were focused on the man next to him. He took a deep breath, let it flow into him, invade him, felt a sense of wonder at how John's mute presence engulfed and relaxed him. All thoughts of flight disappeared, every bit of his inner turmoil silenced. Sherlock sank into a serenity he hadn't experienced in a very long time. A condition of security he wanted to nestle down in, let himself settle into and never leave. He had a sudden need to lean against John, to feel him, to perceive his presence with his body too. To hold him. To be held. To surrender.
"The bones of a bird," Sherlock explained. "Probably a robin. It was a complete skeleton. It lay spread out in the moss on a rock, having appeared from under the frozen snow following an especially cold winter. I was afraid the wind would blow away the fragile bones and wanted to preserve the skeleton. But it fell apart when I touched it."
John's warm, comforting hand on his back. Sherlock opened the little chest again and nudged it in John's direction a bit so that he could see inside too. The forgotten treasures of a childhood that was long gone.
"Did you come to tell me you're moving out?" Sherlock asked without interrupting what he was doing.
THE END
John knew Sherlock wanted to know more, so he waited for the next question.
A shudder ran through his body. He turned away, ponderous, as if tonnes of weight were hanging off him. Everything hurt. John held onto the bed for a moment longer, then straightened and walked through the room to the door. He needed to focus, keep focused on the door. Everything was swept clean inside him. The upset of the shock had made way for an unreal chill that filled him up, in which the knowledge manifested with crystalline clarity that this was the end of everything. That he was not just leaving the room at this moment, but his entire life up to that point.
John held onto the rope that was attached to the wall as a kind of handrail. Gerome went first, lighting the way.
Sherlock glanced up to meet John's eyes, shook his head, and set down the fork. It was late. They'd spent the whole evening at the club and police headquarters. John had used CPR on Martin when his heart had started to stutter. The paramedic had then taken over. Martin wasn't out of the woods yet. But he was alive. The antidote seemed to be working – at least partially. Martin was in the ICU at West Suffolk Hospital. John had made sure he wasn't taken to St Anna's. That would have been too dangerous.
The Lena lay spread across the plain, a tangle of waterways, free, unspoilt, a gigantic, untameable system. It was frozen over. A white sheet of ice, covered with a layer of dry, windswept snow. Cargo ships stood in the port basin, frozen in. Nikita drove across the Lena bridge into the nothingness. Land. Ice. Cold. In summer, Nikita said, the Lena was a lifeline, beautiful. John should come in summer, not winter. John stared out at the lifeless, icy irreality.
Mycroft held onto him with an iron grip. His fingers dug into John's arm, hard, so painful that he stopped short in surprise.
"Yes. I want that."
"All right."
"Sherlock?" John's voice was concerned. His eyes filled with doubt. "Please, tell me if this isn't okay with you."
"Do you love each other?" a high, squeaky voice asked.
"Yes," he finally said, his voice low. He opened his eyes and looked into his friend's blue ones. They were deep and dark in the faint light of the bedside lamp. "I can't just have sex with you, Sherlock. Look at what it's doing to us. Look at us."
"The media are reporting an accident stemming from a technical defect at the Zurich airport. A brief item, thirty lines. Two technicians died," Sherlock said.
"Maybe so. Let's talk about it outside."
Sherlock paced back and forth, harried. Anxious. Tense. A volcano. He wasn't just angry, he was furious, on the verge of desperation. He'd torn photos and notes off the board, crumpled them up and thrown them across the room. He'd sworn and argued and cursed everything he could think of, from the Constabulary to the club, mystics, men, Jesus, doctors and pharmacologists – poisoners, all of them – song-and-dance men, the naïve Mr Nice Guys, the government, plants, the earth, the sky, the world, all of creation, the universe, and himself. His intelligence, his genius, his naivety, the error of letting himself be distracted, his absent-mindedness, his blunder. He didn't understand how he'd failed. He: Sherlock Holmes. He ranted and raved. Linda and her team just sat there. John too. Sherlock Holmes had failed.
Sherlock thought about it for a moment. "We should warn him at any rate," he said. "I'll do that along with trying to find out where the celebration is being held. Maybe you can find out more about the Celtic Circle."
John decided not to pursue the matter. Sherlock had been reacting with even more resentfulness and jealousy since they'd slept together. It hadn't been that long; maybe things were just too new. It had been chaotic and left them both feeling insecure.
"I gave us away," John said miserably.
But John reacted to it. He closed his eyes for a moment, then opened them again. A sign that he'd understood. A sign that he was there. The miniscule gesture was enough to fill Sherlock with warmth. John was here. A moment of mutual acknowledgment. Contact. A fleeting moment of happiness.
I said, "I cannot live without you."
John had stopped right in front of him and was looking down at him. Sherlock looked up. John's grey eyes. Searching. Demanding.
"No. I'd read in the newspaper that a diamond from the Royal Collection had turned up unexpectedly, a cut gem. I thought that might be the one I'd sold. So I flew to the Emirates and got rid of it there."
"I won't treat you any different than the others," Gerome said.
They were quiet for a while. Cars drove past outside. Strips of light slid across the ceiling.
"No, it can't." Sherlock's voice was firm and steady. "We won't let it."
"Pilatus has developed a new stealth technology based on active crystalline surfaces," Mycroft said, dropping all pretense. "Any signature is blurred, it's virtually invisible to passive radar. Of course we are very interested in this 'cloak of invisibility' technology. The official reason for the visit to Pilatus was the silent propulsion system, which should be of interest to civilian aviation. For EADS as well. That wasn't the real reason we were there, however, so we had to distract EADS."
"Oh yes it is," John said. "It most certainly is! I was at the Dossen lodge today, and I handed over the plans to four men from EADS. So where is Sherlock?"
Damn it!
Sherlock polished the wood of the violin body. He kept at it for a while before saying, "I'll need to change."
"Then we'll have to account for the possibility that Mortimer and Beatty will go underground as a couple," Lestrade said. "I think we'll pursue this Chen Mortimer. I'll let you know if I find out anything else."
"You're not actually going?"
Sherlock sat on his chair, waxen-faced. "What's so funny about that?" he asked in annoyance.
John and Sherlock exchanged a look, and John knew right then in that fraction of a second that he could never betray Sherlock, and never would either. Never. Not even with Patrick Peters, who was some kind of mutilated version of Sherlock. He couldn't do it. And he didn't want to. He didn't want to play this bloody game. It was only a brief moment of rebellion, a flash of refusal. But it had disastrous consequences.
"I was thinking about the instruction we received earlier," John said.
Then Eurus spoke, with something like satisfaction in her voice: "You want me to find Rosie."
John considered what he should say. Finally, he replied, "The Major sent me to you."
"You're getting old, Mycroft. You can't even manage to stop John, never mind the Russian secret service. You should retire."
"Martin is dead," was all he said.
"Mrs Hudson says you've been playing a lot. Practically day and night," John said, not reacting to the invitation to sit.
"Can we have this issue?" Sherlock asked.
"Mycroft." John tried to remain friendly. "I'm worried about Sherlock. He was going to be back sometime today and he's not here, his phone's turned off and he's not responding to texts."
"These addresses are connected to the ritual murders!" John insisted.
"John." His voice low and trembling.
"It's part of the rite of ordination. Some of the priests have the bishop put a ring on their finger as part of the sixth vow, as an outward sign of their devotion to Christ." *
"Have you read Saint-Exupéry?" he asked.
"Let's have something to eat," he said mildly. "We should discuss the case and delineate your role for tomorrow. And you should be fit and well-rested for the morning."
"That," John said softly, his voice raw, "is why touching you isn't so simple. It has consequences. My body reacts to you."
"In the report, it says the poison was a mixture of extracts from plants that grow in these gardens."
"What have I stolen?"
"Both of you lie to me, you and Mary. You lie to my face every single day. Keep the truth from me. You join forces and I'm kept in the dark on purpose. How long has that been going on? Hm? Since the beginning?"
The lump in Sherlock's chest had become massive. "I'm sorry. I was an arse." His voice cracked.
"We should look at the patient records for Lowe and Munro, Sherlock."
"Your shoes are leaving a trail of dried clay crumbs," Sherlock said.
Eurus lowered her gaze. She turned around and walked away from the glass, into the main part of her cell, and stood with her back to Sherlock.
"My brother has assignments to take care of," Mycroft said coolly. "He's unavailable to you at the moment."
"I'm not lying down on the floor in this suit!" he'd protested beforehand.
"I'm not leaving you alone with him."
One of the ambulances started up down in the courtyard. Sherlock opened his eyes and watched the vehicle as it rapidly drove out through the gate, turning on its lights and siren once it was on the street.
"Of course. It is the same word."
"When?" he asked in resignation.
John sat up and looked around the room, out of breath, tried to orientate himself. He turned to Sherlock, saw the tousled head on the pillows, the first few strands of silver in the dark hair. Sherlock  hadn't gone grey. Not yet. Had he been dreaming? They were on Baker Street. They lived here. Had done so for many years now. John shook himself, tried to shake off the dream. It had been so realistic, so incredibly realistic. John was still filled with an intense feeling of grief and love. Strange. It had been a long time since he'd had such a lucid dream.
John nodded dully. It was all too much. At the limit of what he could bear. He stretched, moving away from the stabilising wood at his back, and took a deep breath. "All right," he said wearily. "What's your next step?"
Boon's farm does not deserve the title. It is a small, pitiful patch of land. It stinks from afar of the three pigs wallowing in the muck in a narrow enclosure beside the house. Chickens scatter apart, cackling, as we drive up. A dog barks at us. It is a black-and-white border Collie that promptly falls silent and complies when a woman steps out of the house and calls it back. The woman is holding a butcher knife, wiping her bloody hands on her apron. We seem to have distubed her during an unpleasant chore.
"Of course we can. There are two organists who play and practise in the abbey church. They only have one key, though, which they share between them. I know where it hangs."
"What do you want?" she asked curtly.
Sherlock hugged John tighter and said, "We don't know that, John. You might have met her anyway."
The flat still smelled stuffy when they got there. John opened the living room window first before going to Rosie's room.
John drove to Hampstead Heath, to the mixed bathing pond. Surprisingly, Dave and Sherlock had gone there rather than the men's pond. In the afternoon, the area was teeming with families and children, but in the evening it was quieter here than at the men's pond, where things only really got started after the workday was over.
Dr Kenny was older than her voice on the telephone had led him to expect. Maybe 60, or even older. Her hair was kinked and grey and she'd tied it back at the nape of her neck, a tangled bundle. Her greenish blue eyes were alert and friendly, her smile honest and open, her handshake firm and warm. A faint strawberry scent seemed to emanate from her. She was a charismatic person.
"That priest just now, said his name was Joe. He was wearing heavy shoes. I noticed that," John said.
Fresh flames lashed out of the fire in the clearing, at first just a few, then more and more. It came to life again. The people sprang up, shouted for joy, hugged, threw herbs and wood on the fire, the smell changed. Sage, angelica, juniper. They danced in a circle and sang, the leader spoke some words in each of the cardinal directions.
It would serve whatever purpose it needed to serve and if that involved blood, it was only if there was no alternatives.
“What?”
Yes, but Sherlock, for all his faults, wasn’t a criminal madman.
that. I’m not a mind reader or a physic. My deductions tell me they and he wouldn’t but there’s no guarantees with someone like Moriarty. But if that should come to pass, I can move with sufficient speed, so long as you aren’t too far away from me, to be able to reach you before any bullets can reach you.”
They were important to deal with before you left the hospital, that didn’t stop you from reconnecting with him. Quite passionately so.
Perhaps he should’ve discussed it with John. If the circumstances had been different, he actually felt sure he would have so they could plan something together. For what he had in mind, though, he needed to keep John in the dark, at least about one particular thing.
Just the thought that Moriarty was still nearby – the snipers certainly were but the risk that they’d fire on their own initiative was minimal – waiting for John to be on his own so he could try again had a shiver run through him. The fact that he had wanted an audience, an audience of Sherlock, to watch the claiming didn’t entail that he wouldn’t do it without one now, knowing that Sherlock would be able to work it out.
“Nest?” John asked, suddenly thrown by the unexpected image. “Did you – really? A nest? Not made of straw, surely? Or gold?”
“’Goodbye’?” There was no doubt that it was John. A John who sounded disbelieving and angry. “What the hell do you mean ‘goodbye’? Are you bloody serious?”
No. No. Oh, god, no. No, he wanted to live. Please, God, whoever might be listening out there, let him live!
He had best test that, though, and test it immediately.
This had to go right all the way.
Eventually, the shaking petered out, slow and almost painful. However, Sherlock still didn’t raise his head, which was…well, not precisely odd but worrying.
The older Alpha hadn’t argued the point, thankfully, and so John had slept peacefully, or at least deeply, through the last hour and a half that the brunet had moved about in the flat, as quietly as possible, getting things ready for them.
John would have to admit that though he’d seen places from above before, both in planes and helicopters, land, town and city, and as such ought to be relatively used to it and mostly unaffected by seeing London sweeping past underneath him.
“Technically, brother dear, you are one seat removed from me and I would have expected your car-ride manners to have improved at least slightly since you needed a car-seat.”
“I know,” Mycroft interrupted, and his voice was suddenly surprisingly soft. “You have always had his best interests in mind, haven’t you?”
“Doesn’t take much, after all, depending on how much is needed to fulfil the criteria of the claim. Even if it’s the full package, I reckon I could be open enough to fit you relatively quickly and then, well…just need to think of something that really gets you going. Could be over and done with inside an hour or so, I think, give or take, depending on variables, of course. Then you can get back to whatever you were experimenting on or cold case you left, and you won’t have to worry about it again.”
He’d gotten a smile from John at that time, a grin in fact, but that could as well just have been out of gratefulness for dealing with them, not anything to do with Sherlock’s prowess.
What was important was getting the danger away from Sherlock.
Thinking that it might be Sarah, or possibly Greg, calling him because he couldn’t get hold of Sherlock, with the risk that he might come to Baker Street or even already be on his way, John answered the call. Without checking, because his focus was still mostly split between the door and the bedroom.
“No. Well, yes, perhaps so,” he conceded. “But it might not be as bad as we think it is. As we want to believe, at any rate.”
“Of course, love,” John said, evidently meaning every word, judging by his tone and the look in his eyes. “I promise I will. Just…gotta do something else before that.”
“I’m not dangerous.” It was whispered and ever so slightly cracking, the sleepiness in it somehow only making it sound more vulnerable.
Since when did he have any right to know how relationships worked, after all? Never mind children.
“Oh.”
“No, you are not.”
John’s face did the strangest gymnastics at that.
The birdie was in Sherlock’s reply.
Wouldn’t he have done the exact thing, asked the same question and made the same assumption if the situation had been reversed? He wouldn’t even have thought twice about it.
A voice whispered that with that in mind, it really did go to show Mycroft’s devotion to his brother, that he was willing to take time out of a schedule filled with so many important things. John had to admit to himself, with considerable shame, that he wasn’t a hundred percent certain he’d do that for Harry, if it came down to it. Not a full hundred.
“I’m not the dragon,” was what came out of his mouth at last, his voice raspy and just a tiny bit shaky. It was further muffled by him speaking into the doctor’s clavicle bone.
She didn’t take it immediately, but she did sniff at it after a moment where it looked as though she was going to run or at least back off. That seemed to only further confuse her, so she turned around swiftly to where she could sniff at John’s wrist.
A single baby more hardly made him a broodmare. Even a single pregnancy of multiples didn’t make him that.
Sherlock would never admit it out loud, but he liked the cuddles immensely. There was something about being the larger figure that scrunched himself up small so he could fit inside the hold of the smaller man that was incredibly appealing. Especially so when John pressed his nose into his hair and took to tracing nonsense patterns on his back.
“Which you then indicated you would answer here.”
He didn’t need to do it on their anniversary, of course, and it was sentimental to a ludicrous degree that he felt he had to, and yet…
“Extensive doesn’t necessarily mean exhaustive – “
The follow-up question was unspoken but nevertheless heard.
John Watson might not be a dragon but that didn’t mean he had no bite.
He had no answer. At least, he had no good one.
Perhaps he had, yes. It was somehow, relatively speaking, easier to think of both Sherlock and Moriarty as dragons, with their showmanship and extravagance. Their cravings, daft as that sounded. Mycroft, on the other hand, was almost too…quiet to be a dragon. Too restrained, too
He looked at John, waiting for a reaction, an answer. Any kind of answer would do, even if it was angry shouting.
“You’re not wasting time, love. No, you’re – you’re not, okay? If we’re going to play that game, I’ve wasted time, too, by being slow in getting to the point, not waking you up immediately when I woke or at least when I found the watch. I know we’re up against time, not to mention the other factors in this,” his face tightened for a moment at that, and Sherlock couldn’t blame him, “but there are some things that need to be gone through and sorted, regardless.”
‘Don’t play dumber than you already are. You know perfectly well. – SH’
“Your bastard,” Sherlock corrected, sounding mildly smug, or possibly just jubilant. “Only yours.”
“Not necessarily but that’s another discussion. But if you are ace, then that’s fine, and it’s fine if you’re not ready yet or are scared or similar. If, however, it’s because you think I don’t want to have sex with you because you’re male…we already discussed that, and if it’s because you think that you will screw it up one way or another, then – “
But it meant that Sherlock was able to get an idea of how John was reacting to the story, on a more instinctual level than his face alone allowed.
Almost nobody liked to be deduced, either, but the details of how he worked out something always got the same varyingly disgusted reaction, and he didn’t want to see that expression on John’s face.
He ignored it and kept on walking.
The consulting detective let him step away but didn’t relinquish the grasp he had on him. John looked up at him.
Sherlock wanted to shout it, wanted to shake his mate until he came to his senses or at least gave him an answer. Something. Anything!
First of all, therefore, to know whether he could and should proceed at, he needed to ask the question he’d actually meant to ask before.
Moriarty had been rather pleasant as he stood there, behaving as though he hadn’t just barged into a home without invitation and assaulted strangers, even talking quite amiably. His focus hadn’t been on the Beta, however, but on the bundle in his arms.
“Yes. Well, most of it,” he corrected himself, again, “but essentially, yes.”
Thankfully, the hand didn’t slap him on the back, hard or otherwise, just smoothed up and down the length of it as he tried to stop the coughing fit.
“I’m here, though aren’t I?” he asked instead, trying to ignore the fact that he’d tried to get away not long ago. That was something else entirely.
“You are most welcome, Doctor Watson.”
It wasn’t as though he was exactly thrilled to hit Sherlock, even in the circumstances, but he would if that was what it took to get him to let go and allow John to get out.
So, why did this affect him? Was it purely the fact that it could be
“Yes, we do. Mycroft has bought something that he will be bringing with him.”
To illustrate his point, he raised the hand that John had let go of and rested it against the side of the doctor’s neck, close to where it became jaw. It wasn’t close to anything sexual, other than that anywhere could be sexual if you wanted it to be. It was just a nice, warm place to have his hand and hopefully it would show what he wanted to get across.
He held out the bag for the dress and Sherlock took it without hesitation.
Not that it mattered, not to him, as it was important to him as was. Crucial, even. But the disconnect between the two was something that he couldn’t ignore.
Mycroft told of the details they had been able to extract so far; the eye colour, the condition she’d been in at the time – the one she would’ve been in when she’d arrived wouldn’t have made its way into that paper, just in case one of the potential parents saw – that she had been given a first name but no surname when she’d arrived. That first name had been given as ‘Celeste’, which John somehow found darkly amusing, given the circumstances of her birth.
I'm at the point where I don't even care that it's probably too long or it might be overly sweet or whatever else mistake I've made. It's done and it's before Christmas so I feel like it's a win. For me, at any rate.
What was so significant about the blood, though? It could of course merely be that he was attempting to unsettle him, but that not only seemed a little pat for Moriarty, somehow, it would hardly be something to creep out a medical doctor. Licking blood off your fingers, clawed or not, rated rather low when you’d dealt with entrails only halfway inside bodies and trying to locate the pieces of comrade the roadside bomb had sent sky-high.
One thing at a time. Why was that so hard suddenly? He was a trained doctor who’d been to war. It ought to be easy to remain professional, even when it came to his friend.
Ready to pull back in case it wasn’t wanted – though he knew by this point that in general, it was very much wanted, it might not be so at that precise moment – Sherlock wrapped an arm around the shorter man’s shoulders, for support both physical and emotional.
Then the pupils narrowed to thin slits and the claw turned swiftly to drag down the column of his throat, hard enough to for the skin to break and blood to seep out. Not deep enough to cause damage to the trachea or the oesophagus, thankfully, though, as you really wouldn’t be uncertain of that if it occurred. Still, it was quite the shock for him.
But then, the doctor let go of his hand and sat back in the chair. This was only so the other had a clear view of him and, as it turned out, that hand as it was brought up to his collar where it flicked open just enough buttons of the shirt, one-handed, to pull the collar aside and show off the skin on either side of the neck as well as the neck itself.
“Touché. I promise you that no slight was intended. I merely meant that there is a lot of things here to sort and consider, far too much at once for anyone, and I can only commend you for all that you have done, for yourself and for my brother.”
“No need to mention it.”
“No.”
They would not be getting Tessa back with any kind of ease.
John blinked. “…Why are you even asking?”
They could and would sort it out.
“The fountain of youth and a potential hoard of gold at the same time. Hardly an opportunity people are going to pass up. They’d do it for either, honestly, but for both?”
Hadn’t he just mentioned that bit about the jealousy and all? Suddenly, he wasn’t entirely sure, but he thought that he had. It didn’t matter, though; if John needed to hear it several times in order to properly understand that Sherlock was taking it seriously, then so be it.
His heart clenching hard on him, even though he knew, or at least was as certain as he could be in the circumstances, that he was doing the right thing, John leaned down and kissed a forehead softly. Lovingly.
“I’ll behave, John, I promise.”
“Yeah, alright, I get that. But what does that have to do with…this?” He gestured with his head, seeing as both hands were occupied.
He would simply have to acknowledge and live with the fact that he was jealous. Had been jealous of John.
“Oh, and…thank you. For playing that piece. That was…really nice.”
Sherlock would’ve protested, verbally and physically…except he could hear the silence out there, which meant that they were expected up on stage.
He certainly had never bloody well
It was his fault as much as anyone’s. More, really, by simple virtue of being his life. Perhaps he had been nudged, prodded and shoved in those directions because of the actions and words of others but ultimately, they hadn’t signed the contracts, had they? Not for the army, nor for the harem.
Snatches of conversation. That was, snatches of conversation that was one-sided, in the sense that he could only hear the one side. Snatches that were…too fragmented to make sense of but were definitely from John.
To just nod and say something along the lines of ‘me, too’, however, would feel trite and not encompass what he wanted to say. Kissing was an option, but it ran the risk of seeming like another copout. Neither was it an option he was particularly keen on doing, not as purely a response.
He let go of the hand in his, nodded again then held his hand out.
Especially the thought of whether Moriarty then wasn’t within his rights to take Tessa, after all.
“Are you…are you really in there, Sherlock? Please. I need you to…I need you, okay?”
John wasn’t alone, after all, was he? Not just in wanting this to work out, for them to stay by each other. To enjoy their odd, mundane, helter-skelter, hodgepodge life together as best as possible for as long as possible, though that was unquestionably part of it, and a large part at that.
They weren’t accusatory or even their normal penetrating version. Sherlock just looked at him, his gaze continuing to be clear and alert but also open and trusting.
But – and that was the important point – it wasn’t
They’d gone together, not because John couldn’t cut through it if the shop assistant proved difficult or obstinate about selling a weapon to an Omega. They were no longer prohibited by law from carrying weapons, but a lot of shops still had the ruleset that an Omega needed the permission of their Alpha in order to buy any kind of weapon.
“Quite understandable,” the ginger finally said. “Nevertheless – “
He pulled one of his hands free at that, which initially John, unable to stop it, felt incredibly uncomfortable with, to say the least. For one thing, they were still very much clawed, and they’d done damage before.
As he thought it, as the maw was about to make impact, a cobweb seemed to extend itself across the foot, frail and almost translucent but spreading and strengthening at speed until it resembled a spindly but nevertheless strong rope which wound itself…not quite over the entirety of the foot but certainly around a large portion of it.
Of course.
Sherlock, warning bells going off in his head and berating himself for not checking for it earlier, looked over every bit of the Irishman that he could see and then tried to look where he couldn’t see. He had assumed that the firepower would be with his thug of a partner but that didn’t mean Moriarty couldn’t have something dangerous and potentially lethal somewhere on his person.
Thank you to those brilliant and wonderful people who have been kind enough to give this some feedback, especially the comments <3 You have...made sure you got a third chapter and end.
He dragged his free hand over the lower part of his face, looking a little tired still. “So, why am I getting worked up about you getting things together while I sleep? Apart from the fact that I shouldn’t have slept in like that, of course, this isn’t a holiday – and yeah, I know I ought to get rest and all that. I just…am not even aware of where I meant to go with all of this.”
“He’s planned this all along, hasn’t he? This kidnapping wasn’t a spur of the moment thing in the slightest. Michel just thought it was. Or told us it was, at least.”
Couldn’t he just tap them out, like you did when you carefully measured out grains of something? Perhaps. It was worth a shot, certainly, mainly because it was the only real option that he had.
What he got wasn’t what he expected; John looked at him, warmth, incredulity, worry, sympathy, empathy and love dancing in those blue eyes, but he hardly got time to examine all those emotions before a quick, hard, and unexpected whack of hand and arm to the back of his knees caught him by surprise and sent him off-balance.
‘Slept well, Doctor?’
It wasn’t that she purred, as the simple fact of biology made that impossible, but the sound she did make as she kept inhaling was about as close to a purr as a human was capable of.
Making conversation that alluded to the harem but simultaneously skirted around it was…surprisingly nice, if he could say that. Somewhat a relief, all things considered. It wasn’t getting everything out there, and outright joking about it felt wrong, but even so, it helped, even if just a bit.
He wasn’t normally much for playing into expected traits of his gender, primary and especially not secondary, but at this time, he’d embrace the usually slightly condescending title of Omega Bear Mum with open arms and the greatest of pride.
‘I’m sorry that I wasn’t…Harry was going – anyway, I’m glad you wrote back.’
Which was shaking just a little bit. Was that a -?
He just had to be very careful to remember that going forward.
That didn’t matter, though, nor did the pain of it.
Crap summary is crap. I have no idea of how to summarise this chapter and I've rushed to get this out today so it'd only be four weeks and...that probably shows. I'm so sorry
Sherlock frowned in incomprehension. “What?”
If Sherlock didn’t know better, he might’ve thought that was sort of a flirty comment. As it was, he chalked it up to wishful thinking on his part.
“There’s a difference between excitement and just plain dread and pandemonium.”
The doctor gave him a thoughtful, frowning look. “You mean that your reaction was entirely your own, without anything else bleeding through in any way?”
Her neck was still visible, however, and so was the unnatural angle at which it lay. Even if she wouldn’t understand, Tessa would know something was wrong, so terribly wrong, with her mother. Not to mention, it was an image that would be burned into the mind of such a young child forever more.
“You don’t realise, do you? Of course, you don’t. I mean, he’s only one of the most famous fictional bears in the world, why would you know him?”
John would’ve clearly believed him and that could’ve been that. Saved by expectations, the ring left to burn a hole in his pocket in its special box.
“Keep it.”
“I’m not.”
He left the shop with shopping bag in hand, nursing pillow exceedingly neatly wrapped up inside, and a promise that one of the nappy backpacks would be put aside for him.
Why else would they be running around a whole board in order to get to safety? Safety which, incidentally, was right behind the starting point so if it was about efficiency, then there was no need for the entire board.
“No, it bloody well isn’t, because it depends on what the motivation behind it bleeding well is!”
But while discussing it, John thought of a possible way around the more practical issue. They’d gone down to the nearest cash point and had withdrawn the £200 that they’d earlier transferred from John’s account into Sherlock’s.
Still, much as he understood why John would react like that, it didn’t mean it was easier to see it manifest on his face
The lights were on in Boyd's flat. Sherlock rang the buzzer. A young man opened the door. Definitely not Boyd himself. Maybe his son.
"What makes you think that?" he finally asked, clearing his throat, his voice hoarse from the shock.
The conversation was brief. Sherlock listened and stood up. He was about to leave, almost at the door, when he finally said into the phone: "We'll be right there!"
John saw the hesitation in Sherlock's eyes. Then Martin convulsed, shaken by heavy cramps. His scream of pain no more than a desperate gurgle. He fell unconscious.
John had nodded. Listless. Weakened by lack of sleep and bitterness. Sherlock's return hadn't brought any peace to his nights. Nor to his days. Quite the contrary.
Sherlock ran his hand through John's hair and kissed him tenderly.
"See? No. Felt. What was it?"
"He said there was more than one clue," Pauline says. She looks deeply unhappy.
John lifted his head and looked up from his blog, surprised by Sherlock's unexpected question. They had been sitting peacefully in the living room on Baker Street, each occupied at his own laptop, when Sherlock asked into the stillness of the evening, "Will you be seeing James Sholto again?"
The rain-cleansed air streaming into the flat through the open window made him nervous. It smelt of the world outside, like countryside, weather and adventure. Like new, unknown things; like surprises. It smelt like John when he came back from the shops or from work, burst cheerfully into the flat bringing with him a wave of foreign freshness in his hair, in his clothes, on his skin. John. Two more days.
"Not if you want proof. Without proof, you may be able to arrest the suspect, but you'll end up in court with nothing but circumstantial evidence and they'll win," Sherlock said.
"Yes, of course," John said. He wasn't sure whether there was a misunderstanding due to language. Was the man confusing plans with maps? But then he realised that couldn't be: people who introduced themselves as EADS didn't ask for hiking maps.
John said simply, "It was a long time ago." He didn't say what he hadn't known until the last twenty-four hours. That the driver had been under orders from one of the secret services and disappeared after completing his assignment, the investigation blocked from the top, the press misled, Sherlock called back.
"Any other substances?" Sherlock asked. "Unusual stomach contents?"
John fell silent. Sherlock lowered his eyes, took a deep, shaky breath. Then he looked up, met John's gaze.
"Can we talk afterwards?" Sherlock whispered.
They were just priests. Men who stood in the world, together with the lay community. With their bodies, their spirits, and everything they were. Everything they experienced. They stood outside. Exposed to the world, side by side with the guilty and the sinners. Guilty and sinful themselves. They stood out there with their vow to remain in Christ, no matter what might happen. To impart of His forgiveness, His peace. Borne by mercy and love, they imparted both in turn to others. They were fighters, out there on the front lines. Soldiers of Christ who never gave up, even if they fell. Never, no matter where they were. Not even if it cost them their lives.
Lestrade made a face, but didn't respond. He made two printouts of the data Sherlock had copied, then deleted everything from his computer, emptied the waste bin, and deleted the cache and browser history.
John lowered his gaze, shaking his head with an incredulous chortle. Then he looked again into Sherlock's eyes. Searched them. He slowly put his glass down on the coffee table. John's warm hands, releasing Sherlock's glass from his cramped fingers. One of John's hands stayed on his after he set the glass aside.
"When?"
"The local constabulary. They're looking for you, hopeful of your assistance."
John stared out the window at the bare winter landscape. Fields. Meadows. It was grey and wet, too warm for snow. Sherlock had propped his leg up, leaning his upper body against John, his head on John's shoulder. John put his arm around him and pressed his face into Sherlock's short hair, pensive. Sherlock smelled different, more intense and familiar in the warm, damp air of the southern winter. Much different than in the dry air of Siberia. Like home.
Before John could react, Sherlock was gone. John took a deep breath. They'd actually been on their way to the West Suffolk Hospital. Martin was still unresponsive. John had wanted to take stock of his condition himself and inquire about any initial results. And from there to the club. He looked around for a taxi and flagged it down.
. He'd bought it at the bookstore on the way from the hospital to the hotel in Meiringen. It was illustrated by the author himself and looked like a children's book.
"What are you doing here?" John hissed.
"Yes. I'm sure, John."
Watson does not hesitate long. He folds back the sheet. The head wound is large, deep, and ugly. The cheesemaker's wife emits a shocked sound and one of the children begins to cry.
"The deepest love, called the Princess, can be found in the dark," he'd told them. "It is the hero's journey into the pit, where he conquers the dragon and sets the royal bride free. We conquer our egotistical selves and set love free in the darkness of surrender. All of the old legends tell this tale."
"I don't think it's a very good idea either, now that I see the state you're in."
"You lied to him the same as you did to me," John said bitterly. "And him a child who needed a father."
"I know."
Sherlock raised his hand. "John. You're jumping to the wrong conclusions."
Nora looked into Sherlock's eyes, then John's. She smiled and said, her words soft and filled with emotion: "I see you're wearing rings."
"What about the case? We have a case, John!"
Then came the street. An ironmonger on the corner. There was a gap in the wall there, a wrought iron gate leading into a small inner courtyard filled with scrap metal. Someone was welding metal in an open-air workspace. The man wore a welding mask and was focused on the piece he was bent over working on. The gas flame hissed. Sparks flew around. Sherlock walked past him unnoticed into a back garden. A whole row of little back gardens that had apparently been built in the protected space between the two rows of old, back-to-back brick houses. Sherlock climbed over fences, through vegetable patches, and under closely packed clotheslines.
"I don't know," Sherlock answered, agonised. He thought about it then said, "It wouldn't be honest. I'd prefer to stay within myself right now."
It came suddenly. A wave of weakness that abruptly washed over him. The black presence fled, leaving behind a raw and gaping emptiness that made him shiver. That shook him, rattled him right down to the core. Sherlock felt the hardness in him surrender, felt his skeleton collapse as he caved in. He was crying uncontrollably. A flood of tears. His body was shaking. He felt himself shivering feebly in his chair. He didn't know what was happening to him. Something was assuming shape, showing itself in the flesh.
"I've been trained for it," the woman replied succinctly.
But let your communication be, Yea, yea; Nay, nay: for whatsoever is more than these cometh of evil. (Matthew 5:37)
When Sherlock got dressed ten minutes later, he saw that a message had come in. John.
Someone had ordered a whisky julep.
The clockmaker's studio wasn't hard to find. Unlike all the other shops in the area, it didn't display any goods for sale in the window. Instead, the shop window was completely filled with the huge face of an old church clock. The massive hands stood at five minutes to twelve. That was all. No way of peeking inside the shop. The door was made of solid wood. Heavy. The interior was tiny. A table with a couple of chairs. A lamp. A collection of clocks from various eras and regions hanging on the wall.
A saddle, tack and bridle hang right where I spied them the first time. Beside them another set. I examine both. The second saddle – rather old and worn – has rivets in the back. One of the rivets has been replaced by one which is larger than the original. The missing rivet head is the one which lay behind Waugh's house. In the stable, I find blond horse hairs, which I compare to the ones in my trouser pocket. It is unequivocal. Someone was at the Waughs' with the chestnut gelding.
"Does he have any relatives that need to be informed?"
"Yet she will not. She won't check more closely, her curiosity has been satisfied. And even if she does, she will believe me. I am a doctor."
John straightened and sat up on the pew, gaining some distance. He waited until Sherlock joined him after a couple of minutes and met his eye.
John was back in the doctors' lounge, completely immersed in his papers and notes. He didn't think anything of it when a light knock sounded at the wide-open door to the room. He thought it was the orderly. But when he lifted his head, all the air whooshed out of his lungs. He leapt to his feet.
Sherlock probed the placid eyes, saw it was the truth. "You did get too personal," he said. "Thank you."
"Including the years when she was Mary?" Sherlock asked.
"No. I was in shock. I sank into some kind of oblivion. I couldn't bring myself to do anything anymore. I..." Magdalena buried her face in her hands. She was crying.
"These are very private things."
Sherlock?
A mocking smile on his lips. Interest and Focus. An attraction that couldn't be overlooked. Sherlock had taken the bait. John and Linda watched the interrogation from behind the two-way mirror. John stared at what was happening in the room, and for the first time, he realised he was stung by the fact that Sherlock's undivided attention, his fixation on the perpetrator once he'd caught their scent, was so unconditional, so absolute and unreserved. He was aggravated. Maybe even jealous. Criminals fascinated Sherlock more than anything else. More than anything. John swallowed hard.
"Michael was often here for a good cry. I think he simply needed a female ear when it came to difficult questions like these," she said.
Sherlock was irritated. He couldn't concentrate. He'd been practising the variations for two days but they didn't sound the way he'd thought. He couldn't play anymore. Couldn't practise. He couldn't even find the right bow tension, and that was something he'd always been able to set without any trouble, without even thinking about it, with a few flicks of the wrist that had become second nature over the years.
"What do you have to say to that, Sherlock?" Dr Kenny asked.
"Surprised?"
"Why," Sherlock asked tremulously, "why didn't you ever say anything?"
Next file. Lestrade pushed a chair toward John so that he could sit next to Sherlock, which he did.
John stopped in front of a vegetable stand. He was hungry. Should he buy a couple of potatoes? But where could he cook them? He didn't have any place to stay. The old woman behind the stand said something to him. The language incomprehensible. He pointed at the potatoes. She grumbled but picked up two with gloves that were stiff with dirt and held them out to him. John made a sign that he wanted more. She added two more. John nodded. Someone behind him said something. A hand in a thick mitten passed forward an old bank note. The woman took it, said something, the voice behind him answered. A foreign language. John turned around.
"Concentrate on getting well, John. I must say, I don't particularly appreciate you calling me over the mobile network on a strange device. The antennas are notoriously easy to locate. Good night, John. – Oh yes, and do say hello to Andrej from me as soon as he wakes up."
Where was Sherlock? Damn it! John's nerves were on edge. He needed to get out. He needed to break it off: everything. His mission here, life at the club, Martin, everything. He needed to go back to London, to Sherlock, needed to forget Martin, to cut him out of his life. And he needed to approach Sherlock. Needed to clarify things between them. Lay all his cards on the table. No matter what happened. He was lying to himself. Martin was right. It was either Sherlock or it would be some other man later on. But things couldn't continue like this. He was playing at the edge of a cliff he hadn't thought was there. John felt panic rise in him. Abort. The decision became even more firm. He needed to get out of here. Now!
"You can't just leave it like this, Sherlock," he'd said. "She deserves an explanation, for you to tell her why it all happened."
"It's MY problem," he said, harsh and angry, making an effort not to shout. "And I've solved it. I've left him!"
"And the murders?" John asked.
We have arrived at the Boons' house. I jump down from the buggy and hide in the barn before Alistair Boon appears at the door, alerted by the dog.
Musgrave. Eurus had brought him back here. He himself had forgot and blocked out this place from his early childhood. Now the burnt-down house with the fake graves was part of his memory again. Things he wanted to let go of but not forget.
"All right, all right, I get it."
"No, it's fine," John said, sounding preoccupied. He put the picture into his jacket and got up to leave. "See you later then."
John drew him in close. Held him tight. John's hands caressed his body, under his t-shirt, pulling it off him. Their bodies ground together, their swollen genitals stimulating each other through the thin material. Sherlock was on fire. He couldn't think anymore. He only knew one thing: he wanted it, wanted John, wanted him with no holds barred, wanted him now. He felt his hand trembling as he slid his fingers inside the waistband of John's shorts. John rolled onto his back and moaned out loud when Sherlock brushed over his bare, hard cock, took it in his hand. John's advanced state of arousal made him completely lose his mind. He caressed John's penis, intoxicated by it, by the fact that it was possible, that he was allowed, that John was reacting so strongly, that John was lost in his hand. It drove him mad with desire. He wanted John. Wanted to belong to him, to have him. Completely.
They'd held each other's gaze. Unease between them. John had remained stubborn. Sherlock had got up, paced back and forth, then stopped in front of John.
"No problem. Maybe next time. See you tomorrow, Sherlock. Have a good day!"
"There's something else," John eventually said. "I threatened to kill you last night. I apologise for that. I was under the influence of drugs; desperate and angry. I was out of my mind. Out of control."
John and Sherlock shared a look. "That's Stean Whitehead's church."
"What happened, Sergej?"
John gave a weak sign. He felt sick. His body hurt. His legs shaky.
They waited, tried to relax. Looked into each other's eyes. They were breathing so fast now that it throbbed in their genitals like a pulse. John closed his eyes when the tip of Sherlock's tongue felt its way across his lips. His tongue was taut and probing, examining the line between John's lips, running over the inner edge. John let him do it for a while before carefully returning the pressure against his friend's tongue with his own. He was already dizzy with arousal when their tongues touched. Just a little, delicately. Probing, examining, testing.
Sherlock let it happen, unsettled by the unexpected sensuality of the situation. Let the weather batter his body, force its way into his soul. He thought of John. John. His embrace. The scent of his skin, similar to the dampness of the rain following a long hot spell. Familiar and foreign at the same time, like the storm, fearsome and redemptive both. John. The heat of his passion. Suspected. Hoped. Longed for. Never experienced.
. The computer was still searching.
"I can only protect you if we remain together, John. He has people everywhere."
"We'll find her, John. I promise."
John stopped in the doorway. "Sherlock?"
A red and white ribbon marked off the area where they'd found the body. A body bag. The emergency physician who'd certified the death was on the phone. He ended the call when he saw the three men approaching.
"In two years?"
"Why?" Gerome asked.
"I'm not going to put my extemely fruitful cooperation with you at risk," Sherlock answered, pleased.
"A priest doesn't take a vow of chastity, he's only subject to the rule of celibacy. And traditional male domains like the army and the priesthood attract gay men like moths to a flame. Are we dealing with gay priests and soldiers here?"
Sherlock glanced over at Rose, who was looking pensive as she sat on one of the desks. Their eyes met. Sherlock knew she was able to follow his line of thinking, and draw the right conclusions. If what he suspected was true, she'd led Mary right into the lion's den rather than protecting her.
"Who might know something?"
"I don't know," Callum said.
Sherlock clung to John's arm. He'd clung to John's arm throughout the entire flight on the rear seat of the helicopter. And John had held him; he still held him now. Held him upright. Kept him on his feet. Sherlock swayed. A wispy fog surrounded him. It penetrated his sensory organs, numbing them. He wasn't sure whether this was even real. John was the only thing, his contact with John. Sherlock felt the heat and movement of John's body, smelled his perspiration, heard his voice. John was here; he was real. Sherlock recognised John, could perceive him with all of his senses and was certain of it. All the other facts drifted around the room like a cloud, remaining elusive.
"Nothing can tear us apart, John. No one can take away what we share. Just as no one can take Mary and Sophie away from us. They'll always belong to us."
"We'll let it."
"Why didn't you tell me any of this, Sherlock?" he asked, his voice now raw, his eyes shuttered, his anger and disappointment barely suppressed anymore.
"Do you already live together?" O'Rourke asked, appearing to be gathering information on potential buyers.
"I already have."
*****
"Investigative custody. She did shoot two people."
They ate in silence. Like in the old days. A different flat. A different couch. The same food. The same lies.
"I don't know. To be able to get close to the men and tie them up maybe. Or the sexual act coincides with the ritual. The removal of the genitals would indicate something like that. Or maybe they're two completely separate things. Private interests that can be combined with the ceremony. We'll find out."
"Why didn't you say anything? About the child that died? About the malpractise suit?" Sherlock asked gently, trying not to make it sound like a reproach.
"Do you understand what I'm telling you?"
John still hadn't recovered from the sight of the man who stood directly in front of him, dark coat, the collar turned up, his hands in its pockets. The pale, water-coloured eyes looking him over. Friendly, affectionate, maybe even a little mocking in light of John's shock.
Sherlock tried to explain the situation to John: "I signed a paper, John. It makes me beholden to the CSIS for the time being. It's just for this one case. I can't pass anything on to you without authorisation."
Watson grabs my hand without warning and turns it over. Some powder still clings to my fingers. Watson does not hesitate. He holds my hand in a steely grip, licks my skin with the tip of his tongue, testing. He tastes the powder, distributes it in his mouth, checks it. He keeps his eyes on mine the whole time. I see the grey widen in disbelief. Then it closes up again, becoming hard and as blank as slate. Watson lets my hand go, just like that. He lowers himself onto the wooden bench, shoves his plate and utensils away, sets his elbows on the table and covers his face with his hands. He is breathing heavily. I wait for him to say something, but he sits there silently.
"Is your husband well acquainted with James Waugh? Or do you have any other connections to the Waughs?" I ask.
"Yeah," John said. "Yeah, I'd like that. But not first thing."
"What is all this, Sherlock? Who was that man?"
"Come on. The elm tree's waiting."
"Why?" he whispered, the smell and the warmth and the proximity of the familiar body almost driving him mad.
"John," I gasp. I am afraid it will be over too quickly, but Watson knows precisely what he is doing. I am steadier now, following the initial release outside at the well. Yes, Watson knows precisely what he is doing. He stops in order to stand up, and I pull him down to me on the bed, where we embrace each other fiercely.
"That's going to blow our cover," John pointed out. "Callum's seen the two of us at the club."
The summer breeze made the curtain billow, wafted across their naked bodies. Sherlock pulled the cotton coverlet over himself and John. They smiled at each other. The first sign of merriment and joy after a long daze and quiet earnest. After deep gazes and shy tenderness marked by reverence and love. They both knew that what they had reached together wasn't the final destination. They had set out together on a journey to unknown lands whose dangerous beauty they had only sampled a small portion of.
"If she's inherited her parents' skills, she won't need to be beautiful," said Sherlock.
Sherlock seemed to be fishing for words. When he didn't say anything, Dave continued: "You were undercover here to investigate for a case."
Sherlock took slow, deep breaths, set aside both the instrument and the bow, and wrote the variation down on the staff paper. As he wrote, he looked into the grey eyes. Then he played through what he'd written. Several times. Again and again. Listened, looked into the grey eyes inside him, made alterations, rejected, added, corrected, refined. The variation started out light-hearted and smiling, a cheerful dance that led into an unexpectedly dark middle section, a confusing, foreign yet familiar tune, ending with the high whistle tone and then, hesitant at first, picked up the smile again, repeated it without attaining the innocent gaiety of the first part again. There was no turning back as if nothing had happened.
"Come on. I want you to come sleep by me."
Mary had asked him not to involve John. He'd stuck to that up to now. But he didn't feel good about it. John was his friend. His only and best friend. John was a soldier and his comrade-in-arms when it came to chasing down criminals. But he was also a husband. Husband to Mary, who had just given birth and against whom he might need to direct his investigation. John was also a father. The innocent bundle. Sherlock could have used John at his side, now more than ever, for this difficult case that involved both of them so directly. He wanted to be honest with him, lay all his cards on the table. He wanted to debate the points with him, follow up on leads. He hadn't actually promised Mary anything. Should he talk to John after all?
"I'm sure about us, John. I've never been more sure of anything." Sherlock spoke softly. It hurt to have to say it. It made him aware of the fact that John had his own life. Made his own decisions. That there were two of them. Two individuals who needed to coordinate. He'd forgot about that during those days of mental insufficiency and emotional confusion, that time of blindness and deafness, when it had been so natural for John to be there, day and night. That was going to change now. They'd return to the daily grind now that the emergency was over.
"Why should I care whether a couple of priests lose their jobs?" Greg asked.
"Three men die of the same poison, which can only be prepared by you, and you know nothing? How is that possible?" Sherlock said.
"Good heavens, Holmes! Then we should proceed most carefully."
"An adventure? You're not serious, Sherlock. You'd waste away with boredom."
"Ethan Tierney. No. Thomas had told me about him, but we'd never met. I didn't meet him until he came to me demanding the candle."
"Wait," he whispered, holding Sherlock's face steady, both hands buried deep in his curls.
Sherlock tried to breathe calmly, tried to collect himself. He couldn't stand Mrs Hudson any more. He'd shouted at her a few days ago when she'd tried to bring him some apple pie. He'd flipped out at being interrupted in the middle of Brahms' violin sonata. He'd ranted at her and she'd slammed the living room door behind her so hard that a couple of books had fallen off the shelves from the shock wave. Afterwards, he'd been so shaky he hadn't been able to continue playing. His nerves raw, close to a breakdown. He'd taken to locking the door since then. Sometimes he fled into his bedroom and locked that door when he heard her coming.
Several long, heavy breaths passed before Sherlock answered: "My body wants to be with you. It won't give me any peace. My head wants to be free of these... things, though. Clear."
"I see," John said bitterly. "You don't want my help."
"Or both," John said.
"I can take another room," Sherlock said neutrally, "if you'd prefer."
They sat there for a long time on the cold floor of the bathroom, leaning against the toilet. The fan kept running, uncaring. Sherlock tore toilet paper from the roll when John pulled away from him, pressed it into John's hand so he could dry himself off, passed his friend more toilet paper so he could blow his nose. He pulled John close again when a fresh bout of tears erupted. Sherlock pressed his face into John's damp hair, caressed him tenderly, waiting, simply waiting until it was over, until John lay calm and warm in his arms.
John looked over at Sherlock, trying to catch his eye, but Sherlock wasn't looking at him. He stood there, observing the nun, his expression cool and flinty.
"Sherlock! Where are we going?"
"That's where you are fundamentally mistaken, Doctor," Mycroft said matter-of-factly. "Both in your assessment of the situation and in the motivations of the Holmeses."
Mrs Walton has cooked, and I am hungry. John has been complaining for a while now that he wants to eat. And so we dress once more. Dusk has fallen when we come back down, freshly washed and correctly kitted out for dinner. We sit out in the garden, drink wine and eat the excellent stew. The air turns cooler. A light breeze comes up, blowing through the garden and the trees, rustling through the leaves and blossoms.
Greg chewed on his lip. "No. They got away. They were already gone when we got to the boathouse. That's why I'm here. I need more information. What exactly did you hear, Sherlock?"
"No." John stopped in his tracks.
"These two gentlemen will be escorting you, Doctor Watson," she said, her tone friendly, and handed John's passport to one of the two men. They both looked at him expectantly.
John nodded. "He's caught the scent," John said without looking at Linda. His voice sounded thick, and he realised how senseless it was to compare Sherlock at work with Sherlock in private. Everything work-related ended as soon as the case was solved. Didn't it? That phenomenal long-term memory. Everything stored. Sherlock's catalogue of criminals. A huge, labyrinthine, highly detailed data palace full of memories. And privately? John tried to crush the thought. What was important now was to catch Martin's killer.
John. He closed his eyes. A wave of tenderness surged through him; of warmth. His eyes stung. Martin. He didn't know anything about him. Nothing about where he came from, his family, his life. They hadn't talked. Not about him. It had never been about Martin. Always the others. About him: John. About Sherlock. About all the other men Martin had served without ever taking his own needs into account. Grand Master. Solitary and strong. Martin. John stroked his hand. He felt the coolness within it.
Father Conley stopped in his tracks.
He was freshly showered, towel around his neck, dressing gown, the scent of ambergris and seaweed, hair damp. He sat down next to Sherlock on the bed, ruffled his friend's dark, tousled hair affectionately.
"No, clearly he didn't. He allowed himself to be struck down without any defense."
"Take care of yourself, Sherlock."
"What is it about with Sherlock?"
Sherlock paced back and forth a few paces, fuming. Then he stopped in his tracks.
"Think of it as an option, John," Sherlock said in a conciliatory way. "It's nothing more than that. Let's just go and have a look."
John didn't respond to the mocking tone, instead pointing at the image on the screen. It showed a cross drawn on a piece of stained parchment. The sketch appeared to be old, the ink already faded. A doubled cross. Two long, thin uprights close together, two short crosspieces placed high and also close together. The node in the centre of the four lines was square, and within it was an upward-facing semicircle with a triangle underneath. The symbol for a chalice. Tiny. A ribbon was loosely wrapped around the intersection. The cross itself was so long and narrow it resembled a sword. Especially with one of the vertical lines slightly longer than the other at the bottom, creating the impression of a pointed end.
"Didn't you want to get back to Moscow?"
Lestrade waved at an extremely good-looking but pale young man leaning on the bonnet of one of the police cars, a woollen blanket over his shoulders, drinking a cola.
"He was in love with me, but we were just friends. We weren't together like that," John continued, his voice low. "It wasn't even anything I thought about back then, getting involved with him physically. It still worked somehow. We were happy, yes, in the way that you're happy when you're young and innocent. Ethan started his theology programme and wanted me to join him. It might have been an option but it never came about. It wasn't even really a decision. I always wanted to study medicine. It was just... Ethan always believed we'd study theology together, become priests, and stay together. It truly was something like love in Christ that connected us. At least for him."
The manor house looked dreary now, during the day, abandoned and dark, shrouded by fog and damp. There were no lights on like there usually were when John came here. No one was around. The club was locked. Police tape sealed the front door. John knew where the key to the club was. He'd heard Martin telling one of the men, "If I'm not there yet, the key is behind the blinds of the second window on the left. You need to look around a bit, it's in one of the cracks."
Eurus. Eurus was dead. The memory of the previous day was crystal clear and sharp, but far away. As if he were looking through a spyglass, able to make out every detail but all the while knowing he was at a safe distance.
Dr Kenny laughed. "What are you afraid of, Dr Watson?"
"Then let me get the files, Mr..." Sherlock leaned forward in order to read the nametag. "Mr Cargony. I've been here with Paul Legganis several times and I know the way to his office. You should be able to verify that in your visitor log. I'll only be a couple of minutes."
"Leave him here."
There were no questions, no moments of doubt. They nestled into each other, against each other, their genitals rubbed together between their interlaced legs, the tenderness of their lips and hands wiping away everything that wasn't part of their desire, their mutual ecstasy both fulfilling and dreamlike. It led into an ebullient inferno of impulsive passion that left Sherlock and John in its wake, surprised, agitated, gasping, benumbed. They put their arms around each other and surrendered to the feeling of being lost deep inside each other. Being close. Unbelievably close. It had simply happened. They had simply let it happen. Intoxicated, natural, unquestioning. Ready for it, both of them. It was easy; so easy. Sherlock could hardly believe it. This intimacy. This intimacy with John. No resistance. No thoughts. No words, so natural it was overwhelming. They knew each other, much better than either one of them had thought possible. Knew each other deeply, in a physical sense as well. Maybe it was simply a matter of trust. Trust in each other. In every sense. Including this one.
"Then correct me."
Several heartbeats passed before John was able to answer. "I don't know if that's a good idea, Sherlock."
John set out in the darkness. He didn't stand up. He felt his way across the soft cork floor on all fours, moving in the direction he felt the other two men in, towards the centre of the room. He reached out and touched a hand.
Watson and I took a short walk with the dog, then settled on the bench. We lean against each other as we nearly always do when we are alone, the sun-warmed wall at our backs. We are both attending to our own thoughts, smoking our pipes in silence. We have the leisure to do so for the first time in quite a while.
"I'm quite tired," Sherlock said. His eyes were still closed.
Afterwards, they went back to the hotel where John and Andrej had taken a room on Mycroft's behest. They ate some of the sandwiches they'd brought up to the room, toasted Irina with vodka and drank tea.
. Ten more seconds. Sherlock entered
A probing look. A smile. Understanding.
"Dave is always proper during the massage sessions," Sherlock said neutrally. "He doesn't use the therapy to make passes at me. We were wrong about that. He's a professional. He doesn't initiate the crossing of any lines."
"What are you going to do?"
No one said anything at first. Phil's good-natured gaze rested on John for a few seconds. Then he looked away with a smile when he registered Sherlock's reaction.
"John..."
"One point eight. Nearly enough to knock him out."
Mycroft raised his eyebrows. "That seems rather obvious, doesn't it?"
Phil shook John's hand. A firm, cool grip. "I'm looking forward to working with you," he said courteously. A warm, deep voice. A smile in his eyes: clear and lucid, a strikingly light doe-brown, almost yellow, scattered with random green and brown flecks. A diffuse pattern. Profound tranquility behind them. Phil was a handsome man, any way you looked at it.
Sherlock smiled, tousling John's hair and hugged him tighter. "No," he said. "Of course it's not new. I always knew it was a possibility. And I read up on it, so to speak. Starting when we... when you moved to Baker Street and I was confronted with the topic. With friendship. With love. With desire. With sexuality. I researched it quite thoroughly. But you were always with women. You denied any advances. I adjusted. But yes, that was the first time the topic was even up for discussion. But now you need to be quiet and go to sleep."
Celine smiled. "Can you extend your stay in Switzerland two more weeks?" she asked in a businesslike manner.
"No," John cut him off. "No, it's fine, Sherlock. It's all right." A searching look between them.
Sherlock sat down on the bed next to John, looked into his eyes. "Sure?" he asked.
The next blast of wind whipped rain through the open living room window. Heavy drops hammered down on Sherlock, driven by the rhythmic beat of long, hard gusts. He closed his eyes and let it happen, leaned into the wet force of nature, felt the pressure of the water and the wind, enjoyed the wild play of lightning and the unnerving chaos of the storm. The rain reached roughly into his face, ran through his hair, pounded against his chest and then, as if suddenly remembering its soft, flowing nature after such a stormy entrance, dripped out of his hair onto his neck, gathering there for a split second before continuing onward, an indeterminable sequence of individual drops on unpredictable tracks, trickling over heated skin into the collar of his shirt, seeking the most direct path across his wet chest down to his crotch.
I crawl in next to him when he silently holds up the covers.
Surprised, Sherlock looked into the serious, tired face of his friend. The question shocked him.
"John. I don't know what Sherlock sees in you, but obviously you're more important to him than I thought. I ask you to reconsider. It can't be so bad that you can't live with him anymore."
He'd trusted Mary. And then found out that even her name was a lie. He didn't know what her real name had been. Still didn't. Didn't want to know anymore. He'd burned the USB stick with her data. Maybe she'd been married, been a mother. Under another name, another identity. He didn't know that either. He'd loved her. And his love had been strong enough to overlook her past. To overlook the fact that she'd shot Sherlock and almost killed him. And now he was being so harsh and unforgiving toward Sherlock. Sherlock, who had stood by his side so many years longer than Mary had had the chance to. Sherlock, who had gone through so many adventures and crises and shared so much with him, so unbelievably much. So many proofs of his affection. Was he wrong? Was he so unforgiving because he loved Sherlock more than anything? Because this man tore him up inside? Had he been so generous to Mary because she'd never touched those depths?
"The words don't mean anything to me, John," Sherlock said. He sounded unhappy.
"I'm sorry, I don't understand Russian," John said.
"I never slept with Janine. I've never slept with any woman," Sherlock confessed softly. And felt John's hand squeeze his firmly, affectionately.
Sherlock did a double take. How did the man know his name?
"Do I know this person?"
John was sitting bolt upright, his back against the backrest, his head held high, his eyes closed, motionless. His breathing heavy and irregular. One hand clutching the cushion, the stiff tendons clearly visible. Sherlock loosened the bow, cleaned it, slid it into place in the bracket in the lid of the violin case. When he finally looked over at John, their eyes met. John's grey eyes. And now that they were looking at each other, those eyes filled with tears.
"Womb," Eurus added.
Sherlock had taken John along that morning to the CSIS offices, where they'd discussed the mission. Rose had been extremely reticent towards John. Maybe it was her old reservations towards her friend's husband, the father of Mary's child. Lestrade was all for John working with them again. He took on the task of pulling the HMP Holloway doctor out of circulation for two days.
He came over to him, pulled him into the room, closed the door behind him, and took the heavy, wet backpack. A brief, hesitant hug.
"Don't you know? She was stabbed in plain sight out on the street, here in Yakutsk. A couple of days ago. My father let me know."
"Then we need to find some other way to get his DNA. Paul Wilmer has all of the missing know-how on Copernicus. And he's the only one who does. Unless someone else got the documentation from him. His wife. Or his brother."
"There's no other way this time, Sherlock. I'll be going undercover. I need to cut all my ties to London for the mission."
"How do you know?"
Ethan raised his eyes. They were once again filled with that deep peace and warmth that John so admired.
"You knew that?" John said, incredulous. "You knew he wanted to go up to the lodge and you left him alone in such a dangerous situation?"
The other man nodded curtly. He put the hat back on his head, slipped back into the mittens, picked up the dirty bag with the potatoes from the ground.
"A part of both of us is buried down there," John said quietly. "My wife, your friend. My child, your name. Our hope. Our future."
Once we have regained mastery over ourselves, we nod to each other. Watson is unusually sober. He packs away the letters and we take a look at the study attached to the victim's bedroom. It is a tight space. We leave the door open this time. Sewing paraphernalia lies on a rough-hewn wooden table, beside it a pile of laundry in need of repair. A basket with yarn. In the corner a chair with a spinning wheel. Approximately a dozen linen bags hang suspended at eye level on two hemp ropes draped over a wooden rod. They are tied shut with linen ribbons, each bearing a label of stiff card attached to the ribbon with a thin hemp string. Written in a lovely bold hand with black ink are the contents of each bag:
"But you'd do it if the client insisted."
"Do you know of a better way for us to get close to this brotherhood?" John asked.
"That plan's been put on ice for the time being. You're staying here. Both of you. We need to find a solution, John. For him. And for you. Plan on two weeks."
He was Sherlock Holmes. Above-average intelligence. In demand as a highly paid consulting detective. He'd taken lots of risks, survived countless dangers. He could rely on himself. He was a grown man. And he was going to do the right thing now. Even if it was unlike anything he'd ever done before. It needed to be done. Full stop.
"Doctor! We are not animals. We are rational beings."
"Nice of you to inform me." John was furious.
I do not know yet. There are too many pieces, too many loose pieces in my head. They form pictures. More than one. Motives. Several. But none are definitive. I need to think it over. I need to think it over more carefully. Even more carefully. I need to look more closely. To analyse and put the pieces together.
"Who's Dave?"
I reach out my hand for the cloth which Watson has tied around his hips. The tips of my fingers glide over the knot directly beneath his navel. The knot is tight and rough. Warm skin underneath. I do not touch the skin, merely undo the knot, slowly, with both hands now. Watson allows it. I can smell his damp hair, this close to him; his skin. The muscular torso right in front of me. The pale hairs scattered across it. Hard nipples. Heavy breaths. I loose the knot and simply let go of the cloth, letting it slide to the floor.
"No. 'According to representatives of New Scotland Yard, the diamonds resurfaced in the course of investigation into the two suicides by priests on Oriah Avenue. The gems were positively identified and returned to the Royal Jewel House. Their value is estimated at 120 million pounds.'"
"Is anyone else involved who might be a risk?"
John pushed Sherlock over onto his back in order to spare his leg, stroked and stimulated him, ground against him lustfully as he held Sherlock's arms up over his head. Sherlock reacted strongly to being at John's mercy. John knew that and took pleasure in it. Sherlock's slender body arched up beneath his relentless hands and lips, beneath the tight friction of their erections rubbing against each other. John felt the flame inside him flare up under the influence of the body writhing beneath him, the utter devotion, the moaning and pleading. He hesistated for a moment due to the injuries to Sherlock's leg, but then he made him his in every way. He wanted Sherlock. Wanted to have all of him, completely.
"It wasn't planned," he finally said, a warm stream of breath on the back of John's neck. "It just turned out that way. Sherlock Holmes retired and became a beekeeper. Your blog is full of it, the Times wrote an editorial. It's even worth a brief mention in the papers here. That gave me some space to set things in order here."
Was there any other path to Sherlock?
John nodded weakly. Mary. Dejection welled up inside Sherlock when he thought of her. He let the images pass through his mind. The preparations for the wedding. Mary's smile. Her uncomplicated nature. Her eyes when she shot him. The pain. The doubts. John. Her strength when he revealed her identity. She'd sacrificed herself for him. She could have shot him dead and remained anonymous, would have had John to herself. She hadn't done that. She'd run a deadly risk. For him and for John. Her decisiveness concerning Sophie. Ava. Agent A.G.R.A. Mary had left John and Sophie behind for him, and had gone away.
"The Swiss and British secret services."
So with quick presence of mind – albeit bewildered and incredulous – he whispered, "Andrej?"
Mary looked peaceful. Her facial features completely relaxed. The bandage on her head as white as snow. A plastic clasp around her jaw. Her bloodless hands were placed on top of each other over the sheet. John and Sherlock stood there a long time without speaking, just looking at her. Someone had put a chair next to the bed. John sat down. Sherlock stayed standing next to him. He felt empty. Tired and empty. Mary was dead. Mary. He and she had had a connection. He could feel it now, painfully, now that he'd lost her. Sherlock didn't know if he was crying. His eyes were dry. It was as if all the tears were running down inside him, through him, flowing down the wounded walls of his insides, a river washing everything away. Leaving behind this terrible emptiness.
"Let's say prayers in the church tonight, John," Sherlock said as he slipped his mobile phone into the breast pocket of his jacket.
"Of course, Mr Holmes."
When I awaken, morning is dawning. The Waltons are moving around downstairs. Matt Walton is on his way to the sheep shearing, a task for which the men pool their resources and are rewarded for their day's work with an abundance of food and drink. It is very early. The sun has not yet risen above the horizon. The birds are singing outside. An unbelievable muddle of voices and continuously repeating motifs. The clarity and volume of the songs always touches me, and I am amazed at how natural and powerful these small creatures' grasp of life is. So different from us humans.
"Reveal the trick, Sherlock. Come back to Baker Street with me," he asked.
Watson finds it immodest to wash at the well in the nude, but I only want one thing: to get out of these filthy, stinking clothes. I peel them off my body and toss them in a heap. Mrs Walton has promised to wash them. We are shielded here behind the house. The cottage is outside the village proper, and is surrounded by hedgerows. John allows himself to be convinced.
"Not hungry."
"Sherlock. You're hurt!"
John read through the list and shook his head. "No."
"Stean Whitehead and Michael Johnston, our two victims, were praying at night in the church."
"Yes," said Sherlock.
Sherlock had no idea how much time had passed. It couldn't have been very much, as he hadn't come to the end of the sonata yet. But someone was pounding on the door. He'd locked it.
"Our analysts have been searching the church archives – those that are accessible anyway."
The paths in the park behind the monastery were wet from the rain. Hardly anyone was around, aside from a single monk puttering around on his own in the neighbouring herb garden. He lifted his head briefly and raised his hand in greeting when John and Sherlock walked past. A priest in a cassock and a man in a dark suit walking together here, engaged in an animated discussion, wouldn't arouse any notice. Such things happened every day in the garden, which served as a spot for clergymen to withdraw and relax.
"John's at work in the surgery, I assume."
"Rarely."
"What business is it of yours?" John asked. He didn't pose the question aggressively. He was too bowled over by Celine's straightforward words for that. He wanted to know. That was all.
And then he'd really been back on Wednesday. Always. Or he'd called from a phone box somewhere, or sent a text from an unknown number.
"Tomorrow. Six p.m."
John glanced at the paper. "I can only do it when no one else is around. That means at night."
Sherlock hadn't expanded on it, hadn't even looked at John, preferring to hail a cab and get in. John had remained standing outside.
John opened his eyes in confusion. It was light. And quiet. Only the humming and beeping.
Sherlock's musings were interrupted when the doctor asked who Mary Watson's husband was, and then refused to give any information with Sherlock present.
She nods and starts to limp back to the sitting room, only to turn back to me once more and say, "Take an old woman's advice, young man. Don't touch the stuff."
Sherlock and John exchanged a look. Martin lowered his gaze for a moment. Then he looked up and met John's eyes.
Sherlock pushed off from the door frame and went back to the living room. He needed to get a clear head. Three masked abductors who were in place with a hired escape vehicle precisely when John went out again with Rosie. How had the kidnappers got their information, and what was the motive behind it? Pedophilia? No, Rosie was too little and no one would involve additional parties in something like that. Human trafficking? The lengths the culprits had gone to were too great for that as well. There were easier ways to get small children. So it wasn't just any child they had been after, but Rosie Watson. Blackmail after all?
Sherlock took his tool kit out of his pocket and opened the magnifier. "You're right on several counts, John," he said. "Similar items hidden amongst others of the same kind. Something that fits into the appropriate context without drawing attention. An everyday item. Out in the open. Common. Which of the nuns is the goldsmith?"
"It's me, Martin," said Martin. "Come over here." Martin guided John, placed John's hand on Sherlock's shoulder, let his linger on top for a few seconds.
"Thanks for the invitation," John said, maintaining his presence of mind. "I'll have to see if I can make it. Probably not."
"I will never leave you alone, John. Never. You know that, don't you?" he said softly.
Sherlock growled. It was childish, he knew that full well. A chair was a chair. And even if it was John's chair: it was unoccupied. Mycroft was right: there was no John in this flat anymore to claim the seat. And yet it enraged him to a truly frightening degree that Mycroft was sitting there. And the way he was sitting: so presumptuous and smug, as if the seat belonged to him now.
Pause. Breath.
"When your partner was killed too?"
John set the empty glass down hard on the counter and ordered another whisky.
John. John slipped out of his jacket, tore off his shirt and wrapped it around Sherlock's arm, tightening it with all his strength. Sherlock gasped at the pain, clawing his hand into John's shoulder.
It was going to change everything. Everything was going to look different, behave differently, and sound different. Only the ticking would remain constant. The ticking.
"Yes. This is all in the statement, John."
They smiled at each other. Sherlock waved to the waiter and asked for the bill. While they waited for it, John reached across the table and laced his fingers through Sherlock's, squeezed long and hard, his expression gentle and earnest.
"I don't know. I just know we can never be the men we once were. Or the men Mary imagined. We're just who we are. I'm an overworked single father who isn't dealing very well with his wife's death, doesn't see any hope for the future, and grieves the past. I can't offer you more than that, Sherlock."
* According to legend, the serpent showed Benedict that the chalice was poisoned, thus saving his life.
John heard Gerome and Sherlock talking, but it was the sheet in his hands that demanded all his attention. The bonding ritual itself was shorter than he'd expected. But the preparations beforehand were long and demanding. John felt his heart hammering inside his chest. A chilly breath of unease spread within him.
"You can't. You need to leave. Fly back to London, John. As quickly as possible."
"May I see the soles?" Sherlock had stood up.
"They always use the prayer hours for their rituals, particularly compline and lauds," John said. "At the start and end of the day. The thresholds, so to speak."
"That's not possible, John. The timing..."
"The Magnussen brother."
The murdered woman worked as a nanny in Birmingham for a while before seizing the opportunity to marry out in the country, away from the stifling city society whose demands on her womanly duties she found chafing. She wanted to work with horses and be her own mistress. James Waugh found her through a matchmaker. Her family in Birmingham were supposedly happy to have her taken care of and were prepared to pay a goodly dowry in exchange. She was said not to have taken much interest in men, in fact to have acted very like a man herself. She sometimes wore trousers, hung out with horses, and rode like a man. Gossip around the village said she had secretly chased after women, and that that had ruined her reputation in Birmingham. That was also presumed to be the reason for marrying a man with children out in the country, in order to start a new life as a reformed woman. Which didn't seem to have worked, to judge by the results.
It sounded provocative, and Sherlock drew his brows together in surprise.
"I want to touch you, John." Sherlock let himself be immersed in the heat. A calmness spread through him. The truth. John's breathing. Heavy, but regular now. Possibly thinking. Sherlock waited a few more seconds. Then he said lightly, "I know it may be different for you, that it may not be right for you. If that's the case, then please, John, be honest with me. I don't know how to handle it otherwise."
John nodded. "You think she was having an affair with one of the men?" he asked.
John raised his head and looked up at the black birds, enacting their foolhardy stunts up near the summit. Jackdaws mated monogamously, for life.
The grating sound of the spoon Mycroft was using to stir sugar into his tea.
"I do. Let's go tomorrow."
"It's not proof, Holmes."
Dr Kenny had placed them in opposite corners of the room, limited their range of motion with two upholstered armchairs and fanned the fire of the conversation to such an extent that the only possible outcome was a confrontation. John didn't even know how it had happened anymore. Everything had bubbled up, risen like molten lava, and burst out. Insults, disappointments, pain. Unbridled fury. They'd shouted accusations at each other, anything that came to mind. Up to and including the most primitive name-calling.
I would not have accepted the invitation to dinner at the O'Gradys – never – had I known what awaited me there. I had been seated between a professor of mathematics and a young, well-educated lady, apparently in hopes that I would be able to amuse myself. That I would either be drawn into the complex thought processes of higher mathematics, or fall victim to the lady's charm and wit. I ate what was offered, listened to the conversation around the table with half an ear, and replied sullenly to any questions directed my way. I know I performed an injustice to my neighbours at table, the highly intelligent and kindly professor as well as the extraordinarily savvy and quick-witted young lady. They could not help it that they were not Watson, that they were unable to fill the painful void; indeed, they only served to make me feel it more keenly.
John turned his head and regarded his friend, leaning his head back on the seat just like he was.
Watson casts about for some tool with which to open the body. He is utterly unfazed by such matters. I, however, have no particular desire to perform an autopsy in a stinking cheese cellar.
She spoke a lot about the fictitious Patrick Peters, sketched out his life, his characteristics, his habits. She did this freely in John's presence. That made it clear that John was to be involved in some capacity, as someone in Patrick's life. His stabilising point of contact, of some kind. Partner, colleague, friend, brother, cousin – something. John would be leading a double life. Officially, he would mourn for Sherlock, and at the same time he would have something going on with Patrick.
along. Maybe for sentimental reasons. He'd also brought the strap. It was a narrow leather bracelet he'd plaited in Afghanistan, somewhere in a village under a tree following directions from one of the local women. She'd been working goat leather and he'd asked her what she was doing; she'd shown him. She'd laughed at his clumsy fingers. He'd taken to wearing the bracelet all the time, and not taken it off his wrist until he began a new life in London. With Sherlock.
The reaction in John's eyes. John knew what he meant. Sherlock could tell by the brief flash of disbelief, followed by the brittle reflection shutting down any further access to him. It wasn't the first time. He'd tried more than once to leave John in order to protect him. This time would have to be for good. He would have to break John's heart one more time. One final time.
John looked up, meeting his friend's eyes. They were deep and warm in the reflection of the candle that stood on their table. It was unusual for Sherlock not to simply subsume the silence for himself, not filling it with his things, not speaking but giving John space.
"That won't be possible, unfortunately. We need your shoes, and you're under arrest for the time being. The Yard will be here soon. Stay calm and pray." Sherlock smirked, then turned to John. "Stay here and make sure no one lets him out. I'll see where I can get reception and inform Lestrade."
John thought it best not to let anything show. He coolly returned Lestrade's look, met his sceptical gaze and refrained from reminding Sherlock that the DI's name was Greg.
"Actually, we're just here to solve a case."
"If you'd come clean to your partner, he wouldn't have run after you like a chicken with its head cut off and shaken everything up."
John smiles wistfully and says, "I'll get a fresh towel."
John tied the bracelet around his friend's slim wrist with a fisherman's knot, pulled the wet strap tight, tucked the sticking-out ends carefully inside the twisted strips. Sherlock watched him, quiet and observant. John's face, his eyes, the warm, confident fingers working on his wrist, against his skin, touching and brushing over it, over and over, as if it were the most natural thing in the world. John's breath. John's reflectiveness. The memories. Emotions. John's serenity. Sherlock didn't pull back his hand, not even once John had secured the bracelet, nudged it into position on the pale skin, let go slowly, hesitantly. Sherlock left his hand beside John's on the table. John let his fingers rest on Sherlock's hand. Their fingers touched, felt for each other. John raised his head. Their eyes met.
Then he said softly, "You know my family. My parents, my brother. We work together, John. We've lived together. No one else in the world knows me better than you. We live on the edge, yes, but we both look down into it and know what's there."
"All right. You know where to find me."
. Interesting. Unusual password. Did it mean something? Two times two equals seven. It wasn't true. At least from a mathematical standpoint.
"Yes. I didn't know that at the time, but I suspected it might be the treasure spoken of in the note. I decided not to say anything to Thomas for the time being. I took the stone to a jeweller. He told me it was an uncut diamond. He offered to cut and polish it, and to sell it for me. I agreed and received a tidy little sum for it. I was able to buy new beds with good mattresses and new sheets for all of us sisters. And we finally had something proper to eat. I kept a little aside for myself, and donated the rest to the hospital. We've needed a new centrifuge for a while now. I melted down both candles, hoping to find more stones, but it was just the one."
After that, they took a walk in the park every day, and slowly began to re-discover words, even if they were for nothing more than the unimportant things of everyday life. What lay behind them was still encased in a shell of fear and pain and an inability to comprehend what had taken place. The verbal doorway to those things didn't open until they visited the grave. But it took more than two weeks before they dared to go to the cemetery instead of the park.
"Get out!" I command. They are getting on my nerves. All of them. Except Watson. "Out! Now! All of you! You too!"
"Okay. Thank you, Sherlock."
"You had an HIV test done a little less than a year ago at St Anna's. It was positive, wasn't it? I've traced back all the tests you ordered done in your role as a physician there. You had this one done under the name of a patient with the same blood group. She was brought in with critical injuries and died shortly thereafter, before the results arrived."
"Celine from the NDB?" John asked in surprise.
John shook his head. "Just find Rosie. I..." He broke off. His eyes suddenly filled with tears, a heavy cascade that washed down his face. It only took a few seconds before he leaned his head back against the wall and his eyes fell shut. A feeble squeeze of his hand and then it lay slack in Sherlock's. With a deep, shaky breath, John slumped over, asleep.
"Absolutely nothing is unique," she said contentedly. She took a step back from the glass wall and examined her two brothers at length. "The last generation of Holmeses," she mused. "We three are the end of the line. Do you realise that?"
"You're running on empty, brother mine," he said, the concern in his voice unmistakable. "I don't like it. Are you still in therapy?"
John stopped when they arrived at the path. He turned to Sherlock but didn't look up at him.
"Not really. Except the fact that we now need to assume everything was planned out in detail. It must be someone who knew you would be going out again with Rosie that night."
Following their discussion in the cellar, Sherlock and John had gone up to the flat occupied by the four sisters of the Merciful Cross. Several members of the forensic evidence-gathering team were searching the rooms. Sherlock wordlessly put on a pair of nitrile gloves and went straight to the miniature altar that stood in a kind of prayer corner in the living room. Lestrade had already confiscated the two altar candles.
His scrawling script made it clear how disappointed and angry he was.
"Is that an option for you?" John asked.
John walked at his side. Windswept cold. Empty streets. Abandoned alleys. A block of flats, old and run down. Third floor. A single, bare room. Tiny. The smell of crude oil. Single bed. Table and stool. Shelf. In one corner a sink, next to that a simple gas burner. One wooden chair. It was cold. The man lit the oil heater by the window. The chimney consisted of a metal pipe that had been installed through the pane of glass. The seam was sealed with silicon and duct tape.
"I'm sorry, John," Sherlock said. "I didn't want to pull away from you or ..."
"Holmes," Watson says, a soft warning.
"I didn't want to leave you alone."
"I was just about to suggest that."
"Yes." Sherlock was trembling in John's arms.
"We cannot pay the price it costs, Sherlock. You know that too."
Surprisingly, the realisation of their mutual verbal accessibility was followed by a diametrically opposed event that created a harmony of unsuspected magnitude. Without any words. Silent.
John kept his eyes closed. Listened. Let those sober, weighty words seep into him. They touched him profoundly. His heart was burning.
"Yes. Peter was first, then Davide soon after. Gordon was a month later."
"What did he teach you?"
The poetry of the fire propagated itself before the eyes of the witnesses in Hyde Park: dynamics, dramaturgy, pacing, combined with a poignant starkness and enchanting charm. Nonstop. No time to breathe. An inferno of the senses. Sherlock felt John's body tense and relax where it pressed against his, felt John hold his breath and let it go again, felt the muscles in John's back, the pressure of his hand in Sherlock's, felt the fireworks in John's body. Fiery images etched into time, just like music that directed the breath with its notes, swept the audience along on a journey of beauty and transience that died as soon as it was consummated.
"Mycroft, where's Sherlock?"
"Let me help at least. Let's pray together," Conley said gently. "Will you let me?"
Author's note:
A soft, shocked sound from Sherlock. He shivered. John reached for his hand. It was hot and stiff.
"She says it's important for a child to be able to trust the people around them. It doesn't have to be the biological parents, and it can be several people. It doesn't matter how Sophie is taught those values, or by whom. Trust, comfort, security. What's important is simply that she learns them."
"He's getting by? And you think that means he's fine? You probably told him you're doing splendidly too, didn't you?"
They stood there until it was dark and the lamps came on in the park. The wind blew a few drops of precipitation along with it, tossing them into their faces as they walked back to the path. John had reached toward Sherlock as they turned to go. A spontaneous gesture, neither planned nor considered. An impromptu impulse. Sherlock had taken his hand. John was startled. A hard, warm hand firmly wrapped around his. John couldn't believe his senses for a long, dizzying moment. Sherlock was holding his hand.
"Then get the baby and bring her up."
"There's no better alibi," said Rose, "than not being recognised in an environment in which everyone knows you. Different clothes, a wig, change your voice or don't speak at all. That would be enough. Plus they were all under a great deal of stress."
John knew then that they might have slept together, a well-rehearsed ritual of their link to each other over many years, but that didn't mean by a long shot that things were taken care of between them. Mistrust inundated him as he recalled the previous day. Had he fallen for Sherlock's tricks yet again? Was it so easy to get rid of him if your name was Sherlock, you were good at making an argument, and you had desperate sex on offer?
It was a room with four beds. All of them occupied. The young man from before sat beside the bed all the way at the back. He looked up when Sherlock pulled John through the room. Questioning blue eyes looked John over. Sherlock spoke a few words to the young man, who nodded thoughtfully.
John spun around, letting himself be guided by Martin. Martin remained in constant physical contact with him. It was pitch black in the centre of the space. When Martin stopped his motion, John was completely disorientated. He saw darkness, four slits with a small amount of scattered light. Martin held him firmly by both shoulders from behind.
"But?"
"I presume you knew Mrs Waugh," I propose.
"He loved you, John, and he still does."
John turned around, looked into Sherlock's eyes. Icy clear, deep water. Denser than dense. Blue crystal. Four degrees Celsius. The culmination.
"Friendship IS love, Mr Holmes. But if you're asking whether we had a sexual relationship, then no: we never slept together. He was my friend and teacher."
Thus we stand: two naked men. Ready to shut out the world. Ready to disregard all of its rules. Ready to allow whatever comes. The stillness of the chamber between us in the dusky light. Nothing but our breathing. All hell outside. Raging, stomping, booming. Lighting flashes across our bare skin. Thunder makes us deaf to anything there might be outside. Rain and hail create a roaring cave for us.
"Why not?"
We do not linger at our meal. We make sure that we are alone in the house, take towels, bucket, curd soap and brush, and go out to the well. The heat has become even more oppressive, the air even more humid. The first rumblings of thunder are audible in the distance. We wash in the nude as we did the previous evening. But this time is different. The knowledge that we are alone is like a drug that makes us dizzy.
"They are as stubble before the wind, and as chaff that the storm carrieth away."
"Holmes," he says softly as he tenderly runs his hand through my Vaseline-sticky hair. "We should get up. The funeral is today."
"He was able to bewitch the murderer. A months-long operation under the most difficult conditions imaginable. Excellent work."
"No, Callum!" John switched tactics to beg, and he was dead serious in doing so. "Please. Callum. I'm afraid for my partner."
"No. Nothing's come in on his phone and no one's gone by his place as far as we can tell."
He knew the public Sherlock Holmes but that one didn't give John any information either. Maybe John was nothing more than a pawn in a larger game being played by the Holmes brothers. A satellite of the younger one, monitored by the elder. Not important enough to be included. Right. That was no real foundation. Not for any serious kind of work. Let alone for a friendship or even more.
John muttered something in his sleep but didn't wake up. Sherlock tenderly stroked his friend's hot body, his face, his hair. He snuffled at his neck, inhaled dampness and security, relaxation and happiness. He stayed between John's sticky thighs as long as possible, his arm draped over John's hip, nestled in close to him.
"No. Because the parish was more or less in our hands and we had ready access, including for the preparatory phase. It was ideal. But that's all changed with Stean Whitehead's death. It's not quite as optimal here. Only the ritual itself will take place in the church. You'll go through the preliminaries in the Chapel of the Crucifixion. We can't occupy the church forty hours in a row."
Those were six long, beautiful days in the cabin up on the Rottalp. They'd made good use of them. For themselves. They'd taken long walks, told each other stories, talked, been silent. They'd cooked, baked, slept, laughed, and made love. And they'd analysed their situation, examined it, developed strategies. Made plans. Behind Celine's back. Behind everyone's back. For themselves.
Five minutes later, the two of them lay in bed. John had turned toward the wall. Sherlock wrapped his arms around him from behind, held him gently, making sure he didn't crowd John, giving him space in case he couldn't stand being so close with so much sadness inside him. But John accepted the embrace, along with Sherlock's hand in comfort. Neither of them slept; sleep was impossible.
"No," John said. "It's not just a case. You know that as well as I do. Let's find another way to do this, Sherlock."
Sherlock eventually went on: "There was no sexual contact between me and Dave or Margret. There were a couple of erotic moments during the massage. Dave said it was fine. He never touched me intimately at the clinic."
"The church on Oriah Avenue."
"Why should I talk to Ethan about us?"
Martin looked at John in astonishment. "What are you doing here?" he asked.
"The crown jewels aren't in the candles. Those are the facts, Sherlock! Facts!" Lestrade paced back and forth angrily. His voice was tense. He wasn't trying to hide the fact that he was upset.
A blast tore through the air. The window panes rattled and the building was shaken by a heavy shock wave. John and Mycroft both sprang up, staring at each other in shock for a moment. John was about to run out, but Mycroft barked at him, "Stop! You're staying here, John!"
But he pushes me away. Roughly. Thrusts the clothes into my chest with his fist.
"Are you his long-term partner?"
Sherlock lifted his hand and touched John's hand where it rested on the pillow, brushed his fingertips across the tendons on the back of his hand. A spontaneous impulse, no hidden intentions. Yearning for the warmth of the night.
John stared into the dark blue eyes of the young man for a moment. He grabbed hold of the metal bar at the foot of the hospital bed. His legs threatened to betray him. He was unable to understand what he'd heard. It was like a bad movie. Unreal. For a long moment, John thought he was dreaming, that he'd be able to wake up somehow. But then Sherlock pointed at the figure lying in the bed and said, "This is my wife, Irina Michailova."
"I thought John and Mary..." said Rose. Doubt in her voice. She didn't finish the sentence.
"Friendship always has an emotional aspect."
"I didn't live in a marriage with her, John," Sherlock said.
Too much euphoria? Sherlock contemplated the golden liquid in his glass. He was flying to Sherrinford tomorrow. Eurus. He'd wanted to practise the Brahms violin sonata. It was only written for one violin, but Eurus improvised the second part. A different one every time. He'd intended to practise, but he simply hadn't felt like it. For the first time in weeks, he'd been calm enough to enjoy a drink and poured himself a whisky.
"That won't work. You need to leave me. I need a viable crisis situation."
"The body from Ropemaker Street. Lestrade asked me to have a look."
"Dead body, yeah?" he asked calmly.
Sherlock stopped in his tracks. "I never went to their place," he said, miffed.
"I've got myself all twisted up, Sherlock," he said without looking up, no strength left. "Help me, please. Help me to come closer to you." And he added hesitantly, "If you can."
Sherlock went into the bathroom, gathered up shaving supplies, toothbrush, flannels. He added two pairs of shoes and the slippers in the hall and closed the bag. The laptop was in John's study. Sherlock shut it down, put it into its case along with the mouse and charger.
Sherlock hesitated a moment. Then he said, soberly, "I think you know."
"John."
"He didn't have a phone, must have lost it in the struggle," Lestrade said. "He apparently insisted pretty strongly that someone should call you, but no one did. They eventually contacted me when the kidnapper died on the way to hospital, making the charge manslaughter at the moment, amongst other things. I tried to ring you but you wouldn't accept the call."
It was quiet for a long time. John turned in the direction he believed Sherlock to be. He sat there with his eyes closed and felt him. Felt his presence. Felt the security between them. Then Sherlock answered the question as to what he felt very softly, barely a whisper:
Watson lifted his hand to examine his cigarette, took one final drag and tossed it out into the night with a gesture that was both nervous and violent. A combination of reluctance and desperation.
Sherlock snorted. "You'll be in Bury. Unfamiliar territory. Surrounded by strangers. I'll be far away. I won't be able to help you if anything happens. You do realise that?"
Sherlock called Rose. "Status?" he asked curtly.
"But we're going to. Come on."
The address turned out to be a hospital. People sent him from one street to the next. No taxi in sight. John walked. Dusk was coming on and the temperature had sunk even further by the time he finally stood in front of the pompous but crumbling portal of the clinic. The woman at the reception desk wrote the number 209 on the paper John held out to her, and John walked up the bleak stairway to the second floor. The familiar scent of disinfectant. Hospitals smelled the same everywhere.
They stared at each other. The silence leaden. A wall of grey.
"Moriarty gave me an ultimatum," Sherlock said quietly. "Either you or me. I'd suspected he was going to use you to put pressure on me, and prepared my death."
"Go on," he commanded. "Ethan came to you."
Sherlock swallowed the mouthful of egg. "Of course she's part of the family," he said. "I was thinking anyway that we should... I mean, Baker Street isn't exactly ideal, but we could arrange things. We still have the room upstairs and Mrs Hudson has an extra room she's using for storage that we could let as well."
Nothing in particular happened after that, aside from a quick touch on the shoulder, a nudge to the side. After about two hours, the three of them packed up their things and came up the foot trail. John beat a hasty retreat. He went up to the bathing area and sat on a bench to wait for a signal from Sherlock; either Sherlock himself showing up, or a text. Like they'd agreed. But nothing came. An hour later, John broke his promise and texted Sherlock:
Dusk was starting to descend when they arrived at Regent's Park. They walked silently beside each other, their collars turned up, hands in their pockets. It had stopped raining, but the wind was damp and chilly, tearing the last few leaves off the trees. They lay strewn about, brown stains sticking to the lawns and pavement. It wouldn't be much longer before it snowed.
Magnussen laughed. He stood there, legs akimbo, the machine gun aimed at Sherlock, enjoying the fight. Sherlock fought hard, tried to get his hands on a weapon. He threw himself onto the young man, who was holding the revolver again, and wrestled him for it.
John didn't have a chance to answer. Sherlock's mouth captured his, and warm, hard fingertips stroked his burgeoning groin.
John's tenderness awakens a deep and elementary longing in me.
"I prefer to stand, and I hope it won't take too long, I'd like to catch my flight," John said.
Sherlock struggled to formulate a thought, a word, a decision, a plan, anything. But there was nothing inside him but chaos.
"Did you have the impression that Mary Watson went willingly?" Sherlock asked.
"When?"
"You were right, Mr Holmes," she said, holding out a piece of paper to Sherlock. "Anonymous 3 is none other than Callum McHattrick. The texts have the same vocabulary profile. A very eloquent Medieval Latin, by the way. You don't often see it."
"Don't forget to mourn for me," Sherlock whispered in his ear.
"Three murders and Sherlock Holmes is in the building. Private, right. Pure coincidence," John scoffed.
"Yes."
My stomach clenches. My throat burns. My eyes sting. My pulse is racing. I hope I can hold out until the Doctor returns. I am chilled. I shiver beneath the cover. I am exhausted, right down to my bones.
Sherlock's lips found John's and after an affectionate kiss, Sherlock simply fell asleep in John's arms. Everything had happened so fast, so dream-like, that John doubted Sherlock had even been awake for it.
"No. Wait. It could be nothing. I'll let you know."
She was so serious, so emphatic, that John turned his head and did as she bid. Sherlock had leaned back against the wooden wall of the cabin, his head tilted back, his eyes closed. He was ashen and haggard, looked exhausted and fragile. His hair was still damp and lay flat on his head, uncombed. His breaths were shallow, quick and irregular. John was shocked. He couldn't recall ever having seen Sherlock like this. So... decimated. John's heart clenched painfully.
The truth was different, of course. Eurus had lived through him, and he through her. She'd possessed him, as he had her. The whole time. A constant connection – even if one side had remained unaware of it. Everything he'd become was because of her. Everything she'd done was because of him. She'd taken Victor away from him. She'd forced him to leave John and possibly even made sure that Mary came between them. She'd seduced John, destroyed the little family which had also been Sherlock's. She'd announced herself as soon as John and he had reconciled. Had the disaster at Sherrinford been one last attempt to separate him from John? An exchange. The girl that embodied his happiness in exchange for the one who had embodied his unhappiness. A replacement. Rosie for Eurus.
The corner of Mycroft's mouth twitched. John's fingers dug into the wool of Sherlock's coat. He'd reached for Sherlock automatically where he stood close beside John, had found his sleeve and latched onto it.
The next time John woke up, his phone was ringing. It was shortly after eight. The sun had been up for a while and a fresh summer's day seeped through the thick blackout curtains. John reached for the mobile on the nightstand. It wasn't Sherlock. It was Mycroft.
John was overwhelmed by the surge of panic. He gasped for air. Stared at the whitewashed ceiling with wide-open eyes. Sherlock. Where was Sherlock? Was he alive? A hot, black wave rose up in John's body, burning his throat, triggering a moan, flooding his eyes with tears. They ran out of him, copious, fast, ran down his temples on the left and right only to be swallowed by the pillow. He was powerless, felt the weakness like lead in his body. He couldn't move.
Sherlock slammed the journal shut, gasped for air. He was sitting on the couch, staring at nothing, his eyes stinging. Tears ran down his cheeks. John had gone up to his room, and Sherlock considered storming up there, falling into his arms and begging for forgiveness. But then he reminded himself that the entry was several weeks old, and all in the past. And he focused on the present, swearing into the silence of the living room that he was going to be mindful and never again allow John to suffer so egregiously because of him.
Sherlock's voice was gentle. He felt his heart lurch and expand when John's eyes became alert, found him, immersed themselves in his for several long seconds, touching something deep inside him. Their eyes touched something in each other, releasing warmth.
"We were with Ella at 9:27," John said into the silence, "and you had some sort of crisis, a breakdown. That was your sister, wasn't it? That's exactly when she died. At 9:27."
It's very late that night when I go into my old room. John is lying awake in bed. I sit down beside him. I am no longer the person I once was. Nothing is as it once was. Everything is different. John's fingers weave themselves between mine. The room smells of warmth and cosiness, like Rosie. I close my eyes. John breathes. The stream is heavy and strong. It makes me dizzy. It fills me up. I am drowning in it.
"I'm sorry," Lestrade said thoughtfully, "about you and Sherlock. I thought... well, I thought you were in it together for the long haul. After all the two of you have been through together. And you know, it's not that easy for me either. I mean, our work together was outstanding. You were a great team. I reckon life's not always what we expect."
John lifted his hand, placed it on his friend's bent back, and smoothed it over the material. Just a little, almost a caress. He took his hand away when he realised how close he was to brushing his fingers up to Sherlock's nape and sinking them into the dark curls. Too much intimacy for a public space. Much too much. Sherlock was too close, shoulder to shoulder with him, smelling of the dampness of the rain and his own body.
"Correct. Euchologium Sinaiticum, eleventh century. A wedding for two men."
John took a shaky breath, tried to get himself under control, to calm himself. They looked at each other, not saying a word. Outside, the first fire engine sirens could be heard.
John was taking his clarinet apart and cleaning it.
"I don't have anything to do with that," he said. It sounded more dismissive than he'd intended. They'd taken the ring off Sherlock's injured hand in the hospital. Up to that point, he'd worn it constantly.
Mary was sitting up in bed, typing something on her laptop when John and Sherlock came in. She was pale and looked worn out, but she smiled when John greeted her with a kiss. Sherlock nodded to her. But then he reconsidered, leaned over and kissed her on the cheek.
"I cannot."
"Love and honour are a dangerous combination," John said. What Sherlock was saying struck a chord with him. Those warriors, bitterly fighting for each other to the last drop of blood. For their lovers' lives. Or striking out blindly, heedless of death, because their partner had fallen at their side and their life had lost all meaning. Other than as a sacrifice.
"It's unusual."
"Ambassador of love?" John was sceptical. "In the army, where their business is death and destruction?"
Sherlock sat on the couch and Rosie crawled happily around him while John prepared her vegetable mash. Sherlock took care not to let Rosie trample his leg, which he had propped up. But she was mainly interested in his hair, playing with it and chattering enthusiastically. She laughed and cooed when Sherlock grabbed her and held her up over his head with his arms stretched out. Sherlock hadn't expected Rosie to recognise him and apparently like him. For her to be happy. They'd been through quite a lot together, but he was surprised that a ten-month-old infant remembered. At least remembered him and trusted him enough to stay with him when John went into the kitchen.
"Thank you, Sherlock," he said softly before withdrawing his hand a while later, when the waiter came back with the bill.
Sherlock had barely greeted him, hadn't even stood up, just glanced up briefly and asked immediately if he could stay over. He looked as if he'd been through the wringer. It was … not good.
In the same moment as Sherlock sent the text, two men barged into the flat. Barely two seconds later, the barrel of a pistol was pointing at Sherlock's head.
John. John, who'd allowed Magnussen to torment him, to flick him in the face. To humiliate him. Right before his eyes. His growing determination to put an end to the game. The realisation that he was going to need to kill Magnussen to erase Mary's past. To set John free. To release John from that dangerous past, to protect his young family. To pave the way for John's future. A future with Mary and the baby. To make him happy. No matter the price. He'd set everything on a single card. And lost it all. He'd been ready to pay any price. Including his life. Any price but this one. Not Mary, not Sophie. Not John's happiness.
John’s face flickered with an odd array of emotions at that.
Another silly chapter title. Par for the course by now, though, and at least it helps me a little.
“Who are you, horribly understanding and forgiving creature, and what have you done with the contrary, childish person I call my best friend?”
“Well, there’s the fact that your wounds are now completely free of dragon bone dust, for one,” he said, meeting the pale eyes directly. “And your body accepted the gold, too, which should mean the dust that managed to get absorbed into your bloodstream has been dissolved, for another. As both of those are gone, then the conditions that formed the base this all rose from are no longer an issue, which in turn seems a pretty good indicator that it will last. Unless you’re thinking of dunking yourself in bone dust again, of course.”
Shaking himself out of his momentary frozen state, he made it to the door and opened it. Only to stop again the moment he did, taking in what was in front of him.
The question was very careful.
John squeezed the hand still in his. “If you’re okay with me coping with the stress and worries the way I do…if you can cope with that, then I can cope with you buggering off into your mind in the same situation. As long as you come back to me.”
Well that was…not reassuring at all and yet somehow, just a little bit reassuring still.
They weren’t real people. Not like you and your mates were. They didn’t matter.
Then his eyes narrowed a little and a suspicious look that he evidently thought was being clever came his face. It was not pretty. Come to that, why wasn’t he writing this down? Either of them, why weren’t they writing anything down? Didn’t they need that for their investigation? Come to think of it, he hadn’t seen any kind of badge. They were supposed to have badges and present them.
He sighed, even more acutely aware of his friend’s condition now that he was this physically close to him and tried a different tack. “Look, you went all that way to find something that would help. Something which you
the one who’s scared. Who’s terrified of what you can’t remember, of how you behaved while you weren’t in the driving seat – while you weren’t in the car at all, really.”
“That’s making me nauseous, you mean?” A nod. “Could be. It’s not only that kind of – it felt like the thing actually
But he had the upper hand now, didn’t he? He held the leash, on a rope that continued to strengthen and spread, not only tying it to him in a way that he was in control of but tying it
A roaring, yet shrill scream echoed through the room, obliterating hair cells on every person in the room, large though it was.
What he hadn’t expected was the undisguised look of surprise he got, as though that possibility had never occurred to Sherlock, and he was thrown by it.
This was not a defeat. Not in the slightest. They would have her back with them, whatever it would take.
So, someone who mattered enough to get under John’s skin and piss him off enough that the reaction, the mention, was out before thought was, but at the same time, he felt protective towards them, cutting himself off halfway through. Halfway through a text, which he could’ve edited but he was agitated enough, even now, the day after, not to.
of what he was genuinely feeling because John’s face softened a little at that. The wariness and the anger were still present but there was also, now, some warmth there.
“She’s your child,” Sherlock said, speaking so soon after his brother that John had to blink and concentrate to discern which was which.
Sherlock couldn’t have done that, he knew, and he certainly couldn’t have done it with as much gentleness and genuine care as John was exhibiting. That it wasn’t an act was evident to the consulting detective, mainly because the mask had fallen in favour of the doctor.
“I’m sorry.” He didn’t turn his head back.
It wasn’t even just that he needed to think of their development and the normal pitfalls in pregnancy. The first few months of their existence had been a toll, to put it mildly, on both him and them, and those were quite critical months. That they seemed fine was nothing short of a miracle, and even then, it was one with the caveat of what couldn’t be seen through an ultrasound, which was more than he cared to contemplate.
Blinking, halfway through the process of taking off his jacket, he looked over to see that Sherlock hadn’t only sat down on the bed but had already started to take off his own clothes. Not that he was exactly dressed to the nines but that was hardly the point.
He couldn’t remember feeling this out of control of his dragon state since…well, he would’ve assumed his relative teen years but as he had deleted large parts of those a long time ago, he couldn’t actually remember.
The ‘later’ had suddenly arrived
The Alpha seemed to understand what he meant by the gesture; putting the bag quickly but carefully on the coffee table, he grasped the Omega’s hand tightly in his and rose so that he could reach the scent gland that John had exposed. At the same time, he pulled at his own collar with his unoccupied hand, freeing access to his own scent gland.
How that had any chance of working with the bond between parent and child, as evidenced here, Sherlock had no idea. All he knew was that it was bound to create some issues, though to what extent and in what direction, he wouldn’t hazard a guess.
And yet, he had to. For their sake, he had to be prepared.
“No. No, I don’t.”
Sacrificing himself.
“Unwieldy for you on your own? At least if you need to walk more than ten feet.”
about things before this. Properly, thoroughly, gone through every –
But it wasn’t. Or rather, it might be an attempt to mess with him, in fact it almost certainly was, but they were more…direct than that, so to speak. To the point.
