Dean ran his fingers through Cas’s dark hair, hoping that it would soothe the angel as much as it did him. “Cas, what did Michael mean, about me marking you? All I know is that you did that handprint thing when you pulled me out of Hell, but I have a feeling that he was referring to something else.”
Dean pushed his own erection against Cas's bare ass, closing his eyes at the sensation of being so close to what they both desperately wanted, the thought almost enough to make him come right there. He groaned against Cas's neck, catching his breath as the omega began rubbing against him in earnest, sapping what remained of his self-control. Dean focused on stroking Cas, the omega pushing back against him in the same rhythm, both of them chasing their orgasm with breathless moans and needy growls. A moment later, all of that tension exploded, Cas coming on Dean's hand and his own chest, the alpha shuddering through his own release a moment later.
Crowley looked up sharply as a blonde beta followed the teacher back into the room, handing her a folded piece of paper. The teacher nodded, waving her hand toward the students as Balthazar turned, his pale eyes catching Crowley's gaze halfway across the room. The beta grinned at the omega, his gaze settling on the empty chair to Crowley's left as he sauntered over, his rosemary scent sharpened with a bright mint aftertaste as he carefully settled into the unclaimed desk.
"Uh, no. We'll need to be dropped off at campus."
Balthazar leaned back in his chair and reached out to run a feather-light touch down the back of Crowley's neck. "I enjoy camping, getting away from the city and back to nature." The oft-surly omega inexplicably blushed, though no one was willing to ask why.
Tasha stood up from her spot by the fire, kneeling down beside Balthazar and pushing the sleeve of his tunic up so she could reach the inside of his elbow. "Let's see if I remember how to do this," the witch murmured, placing her hand over the soft skin just below his elbow, her eyes glowing purple as she whispered an incantation. Balthazar yipped in pain, resisting the urge to pull away as something
"Hmm, I thought our pack issues were bad."
? I'd like to see that."
Dean's stomach growled at that moment, the hunter shrugging at the sound. "Been a while since I had something other than Cas's hoarded snacks to eat. I'm going to cook something up."
Castiel, arms crossed over his chest, glared at the smaller, graying man down his nose, standing on opposite sides of the scribe's small table. "They completed their training," he pointed out, trying to be reasonable despite his very alpha urge to strangle the beta.
Linda returned to the trio before Balthazar could reply, but he did take a moment to offer his own nickname to the brothers. "If you don't mind me calling you Alfie, you're welcome to call me Balthy. We both have ridiculously long and pompous Celestial names, so we might as well make it easy on ourselves."
"Invite me back for the presentation of your first pup. Ceremonies up here are so much more extravagant than the ones we have back home, so I can't imagine what that party will look like. Knowing Crowley, the celebrations could last for a whole month."
alpha, too, you know. I was really surprised when you came onto me that first night; most omegas I've ever met either found me intimidating or the less desirable of the big Winchester Alphas."
"Going somewhere, Cas?"
"Sam, it's great that he took care of them like that, but I still don't understand."
Sam tilted his head. "Why do you have to hide it? A good chunk of the army is alphas and we all go through this. I mean, I haven't yet but older alphas are more regular and have heats twice a year. Do you always hide?"
Cas nodded gratefully, glancing over his snack at his brothers before turning his attention to the three Wilderness wolves. "What do you think?"
"That would be wonderful. I want to feel the wind under my wings again."
The three angels turned toward the back of the cell, staring in speechless shock at the deceptively short man with brown hair, blue eyes, and scruffy brown beard who had suddenly appeared in the dilapidated building. A man that Castiel had been certain must be dead. Dean reached up to touch the necklace, shaking his head.
"We know you will," Don replied, tilting his head at his mate. "She just worries."
Yep, that did it. Dean growled something unkind at his traitorous dick, the thing springing to life instantly at the thought of his blue-eyed omega
"I doubt you'll have to go through that again. The whole school is talking about how handily you flattened those three alphas in defense of your pack mate." Maggie joined the pair at their table, a phone in her hand as she scrolled through messages. "We have two dozen more applications for Auxiliary membership in the last half-hour alone. All of them cite your, and I'm quoting here,
“I want to be the one who does it,” Gabriel whispered. He shivered and tried to pull himself closer to the beta, but he was losing strength by the minute and he couldn’t manage to do it. “I want him to know what it feels like to be helpless.”
The shorter blonde glanced down at the table, the faintest blush on his cheeks. "It's a pretty intimate thing, to show your wings to a human," he murmured. "I've never done it, and I would wager that this was Cassie's first time. If he didn't know how sensitive they are, he may have initiated something with your brother without realizing it."
"Gabriel," Cas breathed, his angel blade vanishing as he reached out to his lost brother. "You're dead. You've been dead for years."
Chuck was a great father, and he tried his best, but he didn't really make enough money at his job to support seven pups and send two to college. He had also never learned to cook, so any domestic chores were left to the two older omegas, neither of whom could cook anything more complicated than spaghetti and meatballs. They spent every morning making sandwiches for their siblings, sometimes managing some fruit or vegetables for the younger two, but he and Gabe always made do with what was left. They were always grateful for the food Balthazar brought them.
The third time he said it, Cas had broken free of Heaven's control, choosing to stand with the boys against the Apocalypse. He had actually already died once in service to that cause, but something brought him back and returned him to Dean's side. He hadn't known then, but when he stood beside Chuck in an effort to protect him from Raphael, his own Father had watched his bravery with pride. Chuck brought him back, putting Sam and Dean on an airplane and curing Sam's demon blood addiction, which apparently was more than he had interfered in millennia.
Charlie shrugged, running her fingers through Rowena's hair as the witch purred contentedly. "I guess we'll have to travel to Celestial lands after we return home. Apparently I'll know him when I meet him."
Sam shook his head. "No matter who initiated it, they looked really happy. Dean's loved Cas for a long time, and he pretty much told me that he sees a future with your brother."
"No," Cas replied, standing up taller and placing himself in front of Dean. "I'm going to grab my demon tight and raise him from perdition."
Chapter 14: Teaching a Pack
"We'll have to see what the Matchmaker says," Mary replied, pointing toward a very familiar black stallion thundering down the main street of town. "My prodigal son has finally arrived."
"I won't go to sleep, even though I'm really tired."
Gabe plopped down at the table across from Cas, spreading out his notes and textbooks so he could start his homework. He might not be the most studious of his siblings, but he did keep his grades high enough to have a chance to get scholarships for college. Like Mike and Luci, the two omegas knew that their dad couldn't pay anything toward their higher education, so if they planned to go to KU or anywhere else, they would have to earn it. "How were your classes today, Cassie?"
Dean rolled his eyes and headed back down the stairs. "Yeah alright. I could use Gabe to help with the angel-proofing in my room, too, I guess."
Mary walked to Cas's desk and crouched down, getting closer to eye level with the trembling teen. "Castiel, it's natural for someone to be afraid of their first heat or rut. Your body is going to go through a lot of changes very fast, and you won't understand most of them. You're going to notice scents in a new way, and your body is going to want to respond to them differently than before. You're going to smell different, too, and your friends will respond to your scent in new ways. It's okay to be afraid, because you have people around you who have been through heats before and will take care of you when your time comes."
Balthazar chuckled. "You can't be as bad as Cassie when he goes into heat. We didn't have the luxury of a guarded suite of rooms for most of our heats, so we hid in the mountains near our home and tried to get through it together. My twin could catch an alpha's scent four, five miles away and he would go crazy. It was all Gad and I could do to restrain him. As much as he hates the idea of submitting to an alpha or walking two steps behind someone else for the rest of his life, that boy craves a knot."
"You're a Celestial," Meg purred, tilting her head at the omega. "What is a Celestial omega doing running with Wilderness wolves?"
had a responsibility!" Cas roared, punching his chest with one hand for emphasis. "
but they waited for him to continue. "I was just washing, so now I'm clean and I'm gonna go. Bye, bye." He spat the words out as quickly as he could, inching toward shore on his tiptoes until he could reach shallower water. He wasn't sure how he was going to get away without being seen, but the reeds were pretty thick and he could probably avoid any uncomfortable or potentially dangerous situations.
"I saw you and Cas walking across a plain I did not recognize, unfamiliar purple and blue grasses in the background. There were tents nearby, likely the homes of rogues or otherwise nomadic people, and I sensed that your pack mates were nearby. In the vision, I could smell Cas's heat, and I could also tell that you were not in rut. You were calm around him, controlled, in a way that I have rarely seen in an alpha."
"You don't have to," Cas demurred, glancing east and narrowing his azure eyes. "It's only a thirty minute walk home, and Michael won't return for another hour. We wouldn't want to inconvenience you."
The lean beta snorted and dug into his mashed potatoes. "Highly doubt that. Crowley has been showing me around the front gardens; very impressive."
Crowley nodded sympathetically. "Yeah, alright. Didn't your brother's application mention two alpha brothers, as well?"
"Fine, we'll keep track of that. Meg, take him to the baths and get him dressed in something more presentable, assuming Raphael or Uriel did as they were ordered." Meg nodded and pushed herself to her feet, waving a hand at Dean to follow her deeper into the harem. Not really having any choice, the omega obeyed.
"I'm not, Cas, but didn't you spend four days in the omega wing
"Ok, cool." Gabe waved his brothers away, returning to his homework. "See you tomorrow after school?"
"Well, after Michael got free and grabbed the two of you, lil' bro here returned to his hulking moose and sprung me from the Cage into a constructed vessel after I promised to be on my best behavior. He heard your human pray for you on angel radio, and we were able to pinpoint your location and save you."
this fight that Dean was finally able to lose himself in their dance. His eyes flashed as he growled, moving to close with the dark-haired Celestial as their blades met again, neither of them able to gain an advantage over the other. Dean saw a flicker in the blue eyes locked with his, and it was enough of a warning for him to spin away and duck.
"Are you challenging me for control of this pack?"
"Or I won't be found out," the omega countered. "What choice do I have? I can't lose either one of you. If you had seen Sam practicing earlier . . . he'll be eaten alive in that camp. He's tall, but he's no match for the noble alpha sons that will be in training with him. I can hold my own against them, and I can fight the Huns in his place. If I take his conscription notice with me, he can't go and he won't die."
"Never heard anyone buy Sammy be that excited about returning to school after winter break," Dean murmured. "It'll be good to have you back full time, sweetheart. Some of the Pack members haven't seen you since the attack and they need to see for themselves that you are okay. You know how dominants get when the omegas are hurt."
Dean rolled his eyes. "Yeah, is that how it works? I've always been cold when my family was fine, so I kinda doubt I'm going to be a Cas-level heater."
The raven-haired omega leaned his head against his friend's shoulder, letting the faint thread of his calming scent leak through his blockers. "He won't forget you, Sam. I just think you would both be happier if you could go with him. I'd like to say that he would take a year off before leaving, wait for you, but he's . . . he fights with my father and alpha brothers more than the rest of us and he won't stay. He's been ready to run since my mother died."
“I don’t have any shoes in here that will fit you,” Sam apologized, glancing at Gabriel’s bare feet lost in the bottom of the too-long pants. He had to be almost five inches shorter than Dean, so that extra material might provide enough protection from the cold. “You’ll probably be okay, though, especially since you won’t be walking. We have an extra blanket, so if you get cold let me know. Jo, go ahead and shift so I can get the pack back on you.”
"Thank you, Balthy."
"A few cups. What's wrong?"
Cas grinned and hurried to finish his serving, Dean's excitement infectious. He still couldn't believe that he had only known the alpha for a few days; this was the most
Balthazar squeezed his hand, grateful for the closure that Crowley had offered him. It would take a while for him to be able to spend time with strange alphas without fear, but at least he knew that Gerald would never be a problem again.
Sam took a deep breath to calm himself, reaching out to cup Gabriel’s cheek in his hand. “Tasha used to be a member of Spellbound Pack; she’ll recognize this poison and know how to treat it. We just have to get to her, as soon as possible.”
Dean set his jaw and kicked Khan forward, moving beside Cas again as he tried to get the alpha to meet his gaze. "Cas, I saw them in the mountains. You have to believe me." Cas looked at him at that, eyes narrowed and sparking with red. "Why should I?"
They ran for hours, using as much of the fading light as they could, only stopping an hour after sunset when Jo couldn’t see through the trees anymore. She found them a protected clearing near a stream to make camp, working out guard schedules with Benny and Dean as Sam settled Gabriel against a large tree and started making their fire. The three omegas collapsed in a heap near their brother, knowing better than to touch him and risk his wounds but unwilling to be far away. As soon as Sam had a fire going and water boiling for some medicinal tea, he returned to the blonde and settled the only blanket from their pack around his slender form.
Dean looked up as a squeal announced the capture of Sleipnir, a scuffle near the light probably Narfi refusing to go quietly. Part of him, the Head Alpha part, needed to go join his pack, to neutralize the threat, but a larger part needed to stay with Cas and make sure he would be okay. Don reached out to grab his shoulder, shaking him slightly to get his attention. "They'll take care of it, Dean. Cas needs you."
The archangel chuckled. "I don't need anything like that. I'm an angel; I can just adjust my vessel to accommodate you." He reached down and gave the hunter's impressive erection a long, slow stroke, covering it in something he conjured that felt like oil. "No matter how much bigger you are than I imagined." He pulled his hand away and lifted his hips, lining Sam's now-slick cock up with his entrance.
Kevin danced behind Dean's back as they were pulled up the cliff. "I knew we could do it! You da alpha!" Dean grinned as Kevin ducked toward his armor to hide, sticking his head back out for one last comment. "Well, sorta." Dean grimaced and shook his head, one hand holding onto the rope and one holding Cas steady. If Khan had not been pulling the cart, if he had been only been wearing a saddle, this plan could not have worked. However, the harness for the cart held the horse firmly enough that he couldn't slip out while being pulled up the rope attached to the ring between his shoulder blades.
"Cas," Sam whispered. "What if he finds another alpha? I only have two years to win his heart, but I could lose him if he leaves."
"I don't . . . I don't want to lose you, Dean. I know Sam is angry right now, but he doesn't want to lose you, either."
"You don't have an alpha, Zar, not officially. And, as the Head Alpha of Spellbound pack, there are rules that I have to follow. If John accepts you and your brothers into his pack, I would have to send a formal request to him and ask if you would be willing to allow a courtship. In his pack, the omega has to ask without any hint of coercion, and if you become a member of his pack we would have to play by his rules. It's all very bureaucratic."
"A doctor," Adam replied confidently. "Dean's gonna follow in Dad's footsteps, be the Mayor and all, and Sam wants to go to law school. They're both going to protect people who need it, save them from whatever evils are in this world, and I thought I would do the same thing. Dad says that saving people and fighting injustices are the family business."
Sam nodded and returned to the Celestials, checking the supplies for any leftover food but coming up empty. Switching gears, he started on the fire, digging a shallow hole and finding some rocks to place around the edges to contain the flames. Gadreel shifted forms and moved to help him gather sticks and leaves, arranging them in the hole and smiling at Sam as he brought out his tinder box and lit the kindling. The brunet looked up as another man joined them, the white wolf taking his human form in order to join his older brothers by the fire. He wasn’t as heavily built as Gadreel, but he was taller than Gabriel with sandy blonde hair and bright blue eyes, sharing that same complete unconcern for modesty as his brother. Balthazar looked to be Dean’s height, though he slouched a bit as he settled down by the fire. He didn’t seem any better fed than his brothers, but the deprivations weren’t as noticeable on his smaller form.
"I don't think so," the omega whispered, touching the swollen skin around his eye and running his fingers over his bruised side. "It hurts to breathe, but no stabbing pains."
Cas settled into the middle of the long seat, reaching out to run his hands over the beige interior and grinning as Dean slid in beside him. The alpha had already thrown all of their book bags into the spacious trunk, waiting until Adam and Balthazar had taken their seats before shifting the car into gear and pulling out of his parking space.
"No. I was just a pup the last time Mom took us to visit that city. This is the first time Alicia and I will be going on our own."
A sharp growl interrupted the alpha, all three of them turning as Adam stumbled into the kitchen, his eyes brilliant crimson and his scent burning. John stepped forward instinctively, his eyes darkening to red as he growled back at his son, his stance and scent ordering the young alpha to back down. Adam snapped his teeth, puffing out his chest in a challenge as he stepped forward, eyes flicking around the room. He was looking for his omega, his suddenly awakened alpha instincts ordering him to find a partner for his rut, and for some reason he was ignoring his father's clear dominance.
"We've been best friends for ten years; of course he knows." Dean stared up at the watchtower where Benny liked to watch the stars, glad that Gadreel had flown up there to join him.
"Yeah, we've only been here a couple of months. We met Meg and Ruby briefly when they came to the castle to collect Rowena and Charlie. I have to admit, neither of us were brave enough to speak with the witches. This is the first time Mother has brought us to town for more than a day or two. We've lived along the border our whole lives, manning the guard stations and moving around with the seasons. I think she wanted to protect us from the city politics. Kevin's father was a Celestial, so we both have some extra-acute senses that helped us avoid detection while still getting valuable information for Crowley."
"Yeah, I'm in." Michael pulled into the apartment complex where the sisters lived, finding a spot near their building and shutting the car off. "Dad won't be working tomorrow night if he does the open, so he won't care if we take the shift."
At night, the wolves would curl up around the campfire, one of them on watch at all times while the other three cuddled as close as they could to share their body heat. It reminded Balthazar of the hectic trip south through the mountains, though at the time he had been a great deal hungrier and gripped in the thralls of his heat, so he had not enjoyed it nearly as much.
Dean offered a small growl at the thought, shaking his head. "No, we can't have that."
"Well, yeah, of course. You could have moved out when Max removed your stitches, but it was easier for us all to watch you in a room with a half-dozen beds."
Balthazar chuckled as he imagined the throne room full of local nobles and visiting dignitaries, all of them dressed in their finest suits and carrying gifts for his pup. "I'll make sure to invite you." He paused for a moment, clearly switching back to his previous thought process. "What about a legacy and a messenger?"
"I don't know," Cas whispered. "I wish . . . I wish this was something I could change, but the taboo against a citizen male being penetrated during sex is more ingrained in our society than the prejudices perpetrated upon our male omegas."
Kevin turned back to fletching arrows as the repetitive noise of flint knapping merged with the crackling of the fire and the slow slide of metal on stone as Alfie worked on his knives. Crowley offered gentle encouragement every now and then, but Balthazar's arrowheads were improving quickly and he managed to attach five to shafts without any issues.
Balthazar kissed the side of Crowley's neck before returning to his own seat. "Thank you."
Dean shrugged, glancing over his shoulder as some of the members of his pack started to wander over. Don took Maggie to a nearby empty table, welcoming Ezekiel and Tessa into their arms as they started their own bonding process. Amy Fox, Don's trainee the previous year, had not been able to attend since her foreign exchange orientation was at the same time. "You didn't tell me that
Rowena took a seat on the chair near Charlie's packing area, careful to keep out of the way. She was terrible at neatly arranging clothes and supplies into the smallest space possible, so she left all of that to her apprentice. "You and I also know that there is a very real mental element to health and pregnancy. If the wee charm gives the lass some measure of comfort and hope, who am I to deny that to her? She will have her pregnancy."
"But, the bond thing. Do you remember about that?"
The chain between the cuffs pressed almost painfully just below Sam's collarbone, but he held Gabe closer, capturing his lips in a bruising kiss. The blonde whined into his mouth, almost keening at the next hard thrust, and the lights in Sam's room flickered. The hunter never noticed, focusing on the archangel's cock leaking precum on his stomach, but Gabriel looked up in shock. Even with the cuffs, his grace was expanding, flaring with every burst of pleasure that slammed through his body, and he was going to do a lot more than shatter a few lightbulbs when he came. The cuffs would barely dampen the explosion, and the bunker would never survive.
now. "I'm glad you enjoyed yourself, buddy. Where's the rest of your overly large family?"
"With the betas I always was, because they wanted it that way. Don't get me wrong, I enjoy it immensely, but it is nice, once in a while, to let someone else be in charge."
Michael cleared off the last table of the afternoon, glancing around the empty bar as he wiped his rag over the dark surface. "Looks like we have a bit of a lull."
Sam slammed his fist on the table, unable to feel the pain through his despair. Michael had Dean and Cas; what was he supposed to do to get them back? He couldn’t fight the archangel and he had no idea how to find him in the first place. He wasn’t even sure how he had made it back to the bunker, the last hour lost in a confusing haze of fury and terror. Some very, very small part of him had hoped that Cas had teleported himself and Dean away from Michael, even though the angel blade left on the ground in the forest belied that theory. He had searched the forest for them, screaming until his voice almost gave out, but they were gone.
"I've hunted my whole life. As soon as we were old enough to tie knots, Mother taught us how to set traps. We're omegas, so bringing down big game is a bit beyond our wolf forms, but we're proficient with a wide range of weapons."
"No alphas bother you this afternoon?"
She reached Cas's room a few moments later, shuffling Alfie in her arms so she could open the door. Shock leaked into her scent at finding the room empty, the bedcovers mussed, and the scent of her oldest son leaking from the heavy comforter. Alfie turned in her arms and frowned, rubbing the sleep out of his eyes as he sniffed the air. "Where's Cas?"
"We'll have enough warning, I'm sure, to get him a week off from school."
Balthazar offered a soft growl-bark that equated to an amused chuckle, realizing that Mshindi had anticipated the height of the window when he flattened himself on the wolf's back. Pushing the bedside table over to the window, Balthazar climbed up onto it and stuck his head outside, blue eyes searching the walls for any guards that might be looking his direction. There was no way for him to actually see, but his instincts demanded that he look.
"No kidding," Dean snapped, his eyes flashing with a hint of alpha anger.
“Hey, Gabe, it’s okay. Calm down.” The blonde shook his head, struggling against the light restraint, his fear souring his scent even more as Gadreel climbed half on top of him, forcing him to stay still. Sam’s soothing voice didn’t change, even as Gabriel’s fear spiked. “Gabe, you’re still injured, and if you pull those stitches your brother will kill you. Calm down so I can explain what’s going on.”
Linda nodded. "Mshindi has come now to negotiate a trading partnership between Spellbound and three of the largest Nomad Tribes. He has a meeting with Crowley tomorrow, and he has been assigned the suite next to ours. In his tribe, it is customary for an honored guest to stay with the leader's family, so I have offered to have him sleep here tonight."
Ruby nodded, placing her scroll in Abaddon's pile before pulling a clean sheet of paper free. "He won't be gone long, Crowley. As soon as he has John's blessing, he'll be back here in your arms. To that effect, I do think we should start planning for your mating ceremony."
"As far as I know, yeah. Balthazar seemed a little freaked when I first told him, but I think it was just guilt. He worries that we got it chasing after him a few days ago, in the deep woods where we rarely venture. He could be right, but I don't want him to feel bad about it."
Offering his brother a supportive smile, Dean relented. "What do you want me to do? Tasha said that she can't heal a mind."
"Isn't Balthazar interested in any clubs?" Mary looked around the field, surprised that she had lost sight of the lean beta sometime during the football match.
"Well, I know that. I mean, I'm not in heat—"
Donald shrugged. "We need at least one for every witch, but we accept everyone who wants to come. The wolves inside the circle help power the fertility part of the ritual, so they have to be omegas, but there are even female betas who will come every year for a blessing. Usually we have Charlie with Rowena, but we'll need someone to stand on the inside of the circle in her place. I would suggest Balthazar, but he will be gone by then."
Sam pushed himself into a sitting position, staring into Gabriel's unreadable whiskey-gold eyes as he considered the question. "I don't want pups, but I do want little mini yous running around and getting underfoot. I think you'll make beautiful little babies."
Dean didn't like April from the moment he first laid eyes on her. She was pretty enough, slim with Greek-pale skin and light brown hair with a hint of auburn, but there was a harshness in her muddy blue eyes that hinted at a dissatisfaction with her current position in life. She was a slave, the same as him, but as a female beta she had significantly more rights, and it was clear that the woman ruled the spacious apartments allocated to the prince's harem.
Across the roof, Dick seemed to catch onto the plan, growling as he lunged at Dean. The omega buried the tip of his sword in the roof and lowered his body, kicking off with one foot and swinging around in a half-circle to slam his foot into Dick's chin, knocking the Hun back. Dean released the sword and fell to one knee, swinging his other leg in a circle to knock Dick's feet out from under him. Cri-Kee lit the fuse as Dean freed his sword, turning to bury through a loose piece of fur that was part of the Hun's pants and into the wood of the roof, effectively trapping Dick there.
Cas shrugged and leaned back in his camping chair, staring at the water where his fishing line was waiting patiently for something to bite. He hadn't ever considered that he would like this fishing thing, waking up before dawn to catch the fish before the day warmed up too much, but really anything he did with Dean was enjoyable. The weather was too warm for mid-December, so the fish weren't really that interested in biting, but the pair still visited the lake on Saturday morning as usual. It was something John suggested during Cas's recovery from his attack, so Dean had taken him to the lake at least once a week since then.
"Can you See that?"
"Gabe, it's fine. I know now why he sent me away. At the time, he told me that the angels would find me if I stayed; they knew that I would return to Dean no matter what, and he didn't want me to go any more than I wanted to. He gave me some money and suggested some places I could try for work before driving me to the bus station."
"That was the series that Netflix made between the first and second movies," Sam replied, rising to his feet and joining Ruby at the BluRay rack. "Well, we have all three movies. I guess we're starting with this one. I think we have enough time for all of them since we can stay up late on Saturday nights."
The half-Celestial shook his head, nodding gratefully as his brother helped him sit on a nearby log. "I don't know, Alfie. I saw Mshindi standing next to a tall man against a backdrop of snow, but I couldn't identify him or catch any details of the location. I have no idea why I keep seeing these half-formed images but they are driving me crazy."
Cas emerged from the bathroom before Mary could answer, having clearly tried to run a brush through his tousled hair. "I smell bacon."
"Is she like that to him a lot?"
"That he did, Dean-o, and I greatly appreciate your work in training him how to cook. Do you think you could teach him sushi next time?"
Dean leaned back in the swing on the side porch of the mansion, Cas cuddled against his side as they both relaxed after their enormous meals. The omega purred softly every time the swing moved, Dean gently running his fingers through Cas's hair to encourage the sound. Like most omegas, Cas craved physical touch, wanting it from his family, fellow omegas, and his alpha. All of the Pack members in attendance had taken time to greet Dean, usually offering Cas a quick hug or a nuzzle depending on their subgender and position in the hierarchy. He had been shocked at first, but soon realized that his new school family wanted him to feel welcome and loved, so their instincts demanded that they cover him in their scents. Now all of those aromas had merged together into one comforting Pack scent, the thread of Dean's cinnamon holding it all together. Warmed by the sun and the knowledge that he
“You really want me to, baby bro?”
Cas growled and stood up, stalking away from his alpha companion before pausing just on the edge of the lake. He sensed Dean move to stand behind him, but the Wilderness wolf knew better than to speak, to interrupt Cas's train of thought. Clearly their conversation had dug into an old wound, and the Celestial needed to get it off his chest.
"You aren't asking. Charlie, I wasn't planning on running with Dean for more than one or two more seasons. I was only doing this long enough to learn pack etiquette so I could return home and find my place there. I kind of thought that I would spend some time with my mother running the inn, but I don't think that's me anymore. Dean has said many times how much he wants to live in the wild, and I've been thinking about doing that myself. I was considering Jody's offer before winter started, but now . . ." She smiled at the witch, running her fingers through her red hair. They were the same height, though Charlie might have an inch on the alpha. "I'm not allowed in Spellbound lands, though, as a Wilderness alpha."
Sam couldn’t help but wish he had seen Gabriel fight in the early days of Heaven, when all four archangels stood side-by-side with God and ruled over their younger celestial kin. Even after so many billions of years, the blonde was magnificent, his diminutive stature allowing him to duck under blows that would have decapitated Sam or anyone else of a more
Dean turned to the Nephilim and glared, desperately trying to ignore the eager angel trying to get his attention.  “Jack, you’re like six months old.  How would you know what good singing sounds like?”
back. He doesn't stay to talk to the girls, just walks with your contracted concubine."
Linda placed her hand on the side of Balthazar's shoulder blade, tapping three times. The wolf shifted under her and turned to speak to Kevin and Alfie again, Crowley finally translating his omega's words. "He wants you to tap his shoulder three times if you wish to end the flight. If you are willing to let him fly above the trees, squeeze with your legs and tap once with your hand. If you cannot relax enough to do that, he will just fly you in a circle around the clearing and return here. Kevin and Alfie will try to keep up."
"A dustup? With Cain?"
Sam straightened at the twinkle in the omega's suddenly azure eyes, his inner alpha reacting to the excitement he could barely detect in his friend's scent. "What do you mean?"
"I know you're there, Moose."
"Not allowed?"
"See to it that this man is made a member of my council."
"And you stood with Chuck against Raphael." Sam glanced at the one-time prophet, tilting his head. "Well, that was kind of pointless, but brave anyway."
The Celestial male, bleeding from his own small collection of bites and cuts, leaned down to sniff his injured companion, whining at the blood soaking the golden fur. His blue and white companions slowly moved to stand behind him, watching the four newcomers warily as they licked at their own much less severe wounds. Dean’s eyes widened as he realized that the four Celestial wolves had iridescent fur, a pattern he had never seen or heard of before.
"It might if I try hard enough," the omega murmured, his normally jubilant rosemary and mint scent muted and dark.
The room was huge, the ceiling two stories tall with windows set high in the walls to allow in light without compromising the bathers' modesty. The floor was tiled in blue marble as it dipped down into a large, multileveled basin, water bubbling up from a smaller, higher pool and flowing down a playful waterfall into the lower one, everything fed by an underground spring and heated by one of Tasha's spells.
Gabriel squeezed the seraph's shoulder, unable to contain his vibrant grin. "He accepts, Dad."
"And you're an Imperial? You said that Anna is your aunt."
"We've talked about the air quotes, Cas." He smiled, wanting Cas to understand that he was teasing, and the angel slowly smiled back. "And, yeah I did enjoy doing all of that when I was a bachelor. Bachelors go out and sleep around with a different woman in every town, party, get too drunk to remember what they did, and lie about all of it to their brothers. But none of that has really held any appeal for me in a very long time, and I can't even remember the last girl I went home with. I would rather have you, just you, for the rest of my life."
Truth be told, Dean was dreading returning home. He loved his family, but the city sometimes felt like a prison. He loved being out in the wild, even in Asa's small town, and he worried that the closeness his pack and the Celestials had gained over the past couple months would suffer once they had to deal with Wilderness wolves in the main city.
Dean glanced around the table, two eager faces and one suspiciously calm one watching him.  “Okay fine.  Bring us four Irish Car Bombs please.”
"No reason we can't be," Charlie pointed out, slowing her steps and watching as her friends reluctantly matched her pace. "Training wasn't really the best time to talk, but this march is going to take days. Time we got to know this Steve, son of General John Winchester."
"Sure, that's fine." The car Michael and Lucifer shared could only carry four teens comfortably, maybe five if the last one was Gabriel and he wasn't fussy about personal space, and they had borrowed Chuck's SUV the week before to take all of their siblings to the cookout at the Mayoral mansion. "Gabe, Cas; make sure you watch out for Anna and Alfie today."
rule has a tiny exception. Donald Stark, one of Rowena's oldest and most trusted friends, is the only known natural-born alpha witch within recorded history. No one knows how it happened, though Rowena suspects that his mother was practicing some pretty heavy and dark magic while she was pregnant with him. He is the only alpha witch, though he says that his wolf is not terribly interested in the more aggressive alpha tendencies. He has never been in a fight with another alpha, he defers to his beta mate during any confrontations, and has always quickly and almost eagerly submitted to the mundane alphas he has to interact with. He was one of the loudest voices in favor of Crowley being allowed to compete for Head Alpha, and Donald was the first one to offer fealty to him when he won."
"Take care of Sam, okay? I won't be there anymore, and you're the only person I would ever trust with my baby brother." Cas nodded, unable to speak past his tears anymore.
"You think that I would have slept with you years ago if you had chosen a female vessel."
He strode down to the floor of the throne room, a curious Balthazar one step behind him. "This is not our normal kind of emergency, but rather an announcement that I want my entire court to hear at the same time. I also expect that you will carry this to your towns and packs as soon as you leave here today." A chorus of agreements followed his words, and Crowley smiled. "Very well. I will start by sharing something that few of you know, a secret that once would have been celebrated but has become a badge of shame, a secret kept by Celestial wolves in their mountains and generally unknown to the other two packs."
Castiel snuck silently into the library, spotting a dark figure stretched out across the largest couch, the tv showing some black-and-white show that he did not recognize. Focused on not waking the hunter, Cas carefully removed the empty beer bottle from his limp hand and placed it on the table, grabbing the remote and turning off the tv. In the silence, Dean grumbled softly and curled up around the small throw pillow that Sam had recently purchased to “brighten up the place” as he had put it. Brows furrowed, Cas noticed the slightest of shivers pass through the hunter’s form and he looked around for one of the blankets that he remembered seeing the last time he watched tv in the library. Perhaps Sam had taken them all to be washed. Thinking quickly and having nothing better to offer, Cas slipped out of his trench coat and laid it across the hunter. He smiled as Dean snuggled deeper into the heavy brown fabric, taking a deep breath before settling back into his dreams.
Castiel hated formal affairs, and they were ten times worse when his older brother was away at the front. Gabriel was an ass and an incorrigible trickster, but he was Castiel's best friend and the only sibling that the raven-haired alpha truly liked. Gabriel had long ago informed their father in no uncertain words that he refused to be Caesar, so the potential title had passed to Castiel as the only other available male alpha. He wanted to hate his brother for putting him in that position, but Gabriel would have fought with Chuck far more, maybe even running away to the edge of the empire instead of taking a post defending the border from the wild Germanic tribes to the north. Gabriel would probably have killed Lucifer by now, but Castiel had learned to tolerate his abrasive half-brother.
Balthazar nodded. "She's the only hope we have. If she can't or won't help him, I don't think he'll survive."
The red slowly faded from Michael's eyes as he slowly approached the two omegas, Balthazar looking up from his book as the younger pups ran up to greet him. "He didn't say the alpha would be one of
"Alright, our last family referral this year is Garth Fitzgerald IV, second cousin of Donald Stark. He's asked Randy to take you on, and I think that will be a good faction for you."
"If you don't mind. I don't know how you do it in your lands, but they'll still both be unmated this year and will be sequestered here, in this wing. It's one of the reasons Crowley gave me so much space."
Charlie stalked out of the suite and past a pair of beta guards. Garth greeted her with a quick wave, straightening at Elvis's growl, as usual unimpressed by the younger beta's friendly nature. Garth was well-known for his impressive tailoring, embroidery, and weaving ability, but he still served guard shifts when the omegas went into heat. The tall, gangly beta considered it his duty.
"Sure, I'd like to try it," Anna smiled, glad that the beta had fallen into line so quickly. He was much nicer than he had been when they first met, and she actually kinda liked him a little now.
"Ah, great. Sam must have called him. Or Victor."
"I don't know if I should be concerned by that statement or not." Cas leaned his head back against the pillows, gritting his teeth as even that slight movement sent drums pounding through his head. "I like the handprint, though; it makes me feel like you're here watching over me. I don't suppose she could embroider that into one of my shirts?"
"Concubines," one of the Huns answered, reaching out to force his fellow soldier to lower his sword. Even in Hun culture, the submissives were not dangerous and certainly shouldn't be injured when their fight was with the Emperor and his warriors. These men and women were not part of the battle, they were just walking through their home.
"Nice perk," Alfie replied, hands dancing along his belt buckle as he waited for permission to remove it. "Can Dad be mayor so we can have this perk?"
"I want you, Sam. I choose you, the same way Cas chose Dean when he pulled him out of Hell. If you're willing to accept that claim, then please
Dean chuckled, happy to see Cas smiling again. "Of course. But take off your robe; I wouldn't want it to get bloody."
The alphas and betas stepped back from the epicenter of their brawl, straightening their uniforms and armor as some of them snapped to attention. Benny, Balthazar's good friend and a fine warrior who had previously served in the Emperor's court as his favorite chef, nodded toward the newest recruit hovering uncertainly at the edge of the group. "He started it."
Gabriel and Gadreel approached the pair, the smaller of the two still grumbling and wiping sleep out of his eyes. Sam trailed behind them, a half-full supply bag slung over one shoulder and a cup of one of Tasha's herbal teas in the other. The taller Winchester had grown quite addicted to the witch's impressive collection of teas during the winter, though he had always been fond of them during his previous visits. Dean guessed that the one he had chosen that morning was heavily caffeinated.
Cas's shock turned to anger as he shoved his alpha down and straightened his back. No matter what he wanted, the omega was disgraced and certainly not legally a soldier. He barely heard Dean's words before snapping back at him. "You don't belong here, Dean. Go home." He kicked his horse and closed the gap with Metatron, hoping that Dean would leave before the old scribe caught sight of him.
"What the hell, Winchester?" Crowley waved a hand at the lanky beta, his scent darkening. "You can't just wave your hand and grant Auxiliary membership like that."
"See? That's what I'm talking about. And yes, he's about as miserable as you are right now, but he's not stupid enough to try to deal with this on his own."
Sam detached himself from a cluster of younger students to one side of the school entrance, grinning widely as he reached Gabriel and enveloped the omega in his obnoxiously long arms. The omega relaxed instantly, resting his cheek on his mentor's chest. "Hey Sam."
Balthazar, guessing that Kevin had seen the same vision in the mountains again, tilted his head to the side. "Yellow pine, I'd guess. It grows near my family's palace in the north." He reached out and patted Mshindi's knee, smiling warmly. "One day, when Michael's not so much of a threat, I'll take you there."
"Also not here," Maggie replied. "She may be second in the Coven, but she and Rowena rarely get along. She stayed in the south with our new recruits and will be leading her own ceremony there. Clea won't do it, and I'm rusty."
The older healer nodded at Gabriel's leg, gently pressing along the edge of the sealed gashes, glancing up to see if the patient felt any discomfort. The blonde shook his head, indicating that there was no pain, already used to being poked and prodded. The healer tested a few places, tapping Max's shoulder and pointing at the wound.
When Balthazar pulled away a minute later, his eyes were back to their normal light blue, the omega grinning broadly. "Wow, that was better than sex."
Cas woke slowly, the late afternoon sun too annoying to ignore. He shifted his weight and froze as the omega stretched across his chest started to purr, clearly a protest of the movement. Betas couldn't purr, and an alpha's purr was really just a low growl, but an omega's purr was soothing, able to portray contentment and, if Donna could be believed, perhaps even speed the healing of wounds. Right now, it was being used to lull the alpha back to sleep, to maintain the peaceful tableau a little longer. Cas chuckled at the ploy, raising his arm to run his fingers through Dean's hair, the purr intensifying as the omega woke up. "Aren't you hungry, little one?"
"I've been counting. Sophia, Max, Joshua, Aaron, and Tessa. That's five, and she said that there are only six omega spots open."
“There’s a British Men of Letters?”
The raven-haired seraph flared his grace again and rushed toward Michael, slashing at his oldest brother and forcing him back a step. He hoped that he could keep the archangel occupied long enough for the hunters to escape, banking on the fact that Michael probably hated him more than Dean or Sam. Michael reached out and grabbed Cas’s shoulder, shoving him to his knees and forcing him to bury his grace or risk being burned out. “I’m going to rip you to shreds,” Michael growled, sending a shock of grace through the younger angel and grinning as he screamed.
Gabriel snapped his fingers, returning both himself and Sam to their former completely-clothed states, reaching over to take the hunter's hand. "You know, I'm almost fourteen billion years old, and I have never been called 'boyfriend' before."
"You're an omega," he breathed.
The older archangel nodded, glancing at Chuck before returning his gaze to his brother. Their father was watching as the hunters moved Michael out of the main room, temporarily distracted from his other two sons' conversation. "He cast me out, Gabe. He sent me away for loving him so much. What am I supposed to say to him?"
Dean, who generally avoided having to clean his own kills, returned from his quick trip to the river with four full water skins hanging from a rope around his chest. The skins could be folded compactly into the travel sack when not in use, but they expanded quite a bit when needed. The black wolf raised his head as the alpha returned to camp, eyes examining every inch of visible skin as the very tip of his tail twitched involuntarily. Dean was well-built and imposing in both forms, a few pale scars marring his chest and arms, his vibrant green eyes watching the slender wolf as he sauntered up to the fire. His left shoulder still bore the evidence of his run-in with the young black omega, four faint gashes marring his bicep. Dean ran one hand through his dark, sandy blonde hair as he handed the water skins over, surreptitiously watching the black Celestial as the three human omegas turned to their youngest brother in shock.
Dean settled back on the floor next to Cas, grinning at the sated expression on the omega's face. "Dude, you ate like a whole pizza on your own."
"Yeah, she did. She also said that Castiel won't visit the Matchmaker."
Kevin snorted. "Yeah right, yeah sure. Look, go to your tent!" He pointed toward the end of the long row of soldier tents, eyes narrowed. Dean blushed and turned away, heading to bed and the terrifying but thrilling prospect that he might dream of his alpha captain again. Once Dean had vanished into the row of tents, Kevin turned to Cri-Kee with a devious light in his eyes as he rubbed his hands together. "I think it's time we took this war into our own hands."
Chapter 1: The Matchmaker
Sam waved Dean over, gently touching two fingers to the bandages on the inside of Gabe’s leg, just barely able to discern a green tinge through the white fabric. He sighed raggedly, running one hand over his face as he sat back and looked up at his brother. “The wound is poisoned.”
"I like when they're little like that, so soft and pretty." Alastair, his sunken cheeks and pale eyes making him look much older than a normal Senior, reached out to cup Cas's cheek in his hand, growling when the omega jerked away. He couldn't go far, though, not with a half-dozen big alphas standing around him. He flashed his fangs and chanced a growl back, knowing that it was probably a big mistake but unwilling to let these boys push him around.
“Tell me about it,” Dean groaned. “You’re like a giant, uncoordinated puppy. I swear you still haven’t even grown into your paws, and you’re twenty-two years old!”
"You, too, Cas. The next time we meet, maybe we'll both have pups."
"And Ezekiel?"
Crowley scolded, the fingers buried in Balthazar's fur offering a brief squeeze of support.
"Going somewhere, Cas?"
"No, with Lilith and her betas."
"Cas, the blockers only work for twelve hours or so. Why don't I keep them in my locker and you can stop by every morning? You're going to join the track team, so you'll have practice every afternoon and you'll sweat or shower the remainder of them off. By the time you see your dad that night, you'll smell normal again."
Sam grinned as Gabriel gingerly tested the cuffs, placing his hands on the archangel's hips and lifting him into the air. Startled, Gabriel opened his wings and wrapped his legs around Sam's waist, moaning at the feeling of the hunter's erection rubbing against his own. Sam's grip kept him still, Gabe hooking his cuffed hands behind the hunter's neck as he felt teeth sink into his neck once more.
Dean let Sam take the lead, an oddity but not unheard of. He took the rear guard position with Cas, Benny and Gadreel in front of them with the three women in the center of the group. Cas leaned his head on Dean's shoulder while they walked, knowing that the chance to talk was one reason the alpha had agreed to stay in human form.
They froze mid-swing as the large tent at the top of the small hill overlooking the camp swung open, an older, balding alpha emerging, two dark-skinned male alphas just behind him and a fair female alpha in their wake. They were all dressed in the livery of the Imperial Army, cloaks flowing from their shoulders and decorations on their chest from battles and wars won years ago. The older man looked over the field disapprovingly, frowning as an old male beta joined the group, a clipboard in one hand.
Dean chuckled, which sounded more like a strangled growl in his wolf form.
"It's his fault? It can't be; he would never put his brother in danger."
Castiel pushed the mashed potatoes around on his plate, only absently listening to his brothers arguing about some movie that one of them wanted to see. It was family night at the little diner in town, and everyone was avoiding talking about anything important. Balthazarr wanted to find a way to ask his dad for a car, Gabriel wanted to ask to join the soccer team, Castiel wanted to ask to stay after class every day to practice for track meets, and the older two alphas wanted to admit that they were trying to move out. Chuck, as usual, was splitting his attention between something on his phone and his pups, only vaguely hearing anything at all.
Balthazar shrugged in that one-shoulder sideways manner he had. "He, uh, he's a Senior, an omega who leads his own small part of this Pack that the boys joined. I wouldn't say we're dating exactly, but I think I kinda like him."
Crowley smiled and gestured for the omega to sit, Linda taking a cushion next to Mshindi. "I sent Linda on an expedition almost two decades ago to meet your father and open diplomatic relations and she returned with wonderful stories of your lands and packs. She mentioned that it was customary to exchange gifts before entering into any kind of serious conversation."
"I wasn't born a slave," Dean replied, a hint of fire in his eyes. "I was born a citizen, son of a nobleman, and I don't belong in chains any more than Rufus there."
Balthazar, standing above them, cheered. "Let's hear it for Steve, the bravest of us all!"
"Your story is similar to mine," Cas murmured. "My brothers and I have never had anyone else. Anna tried to look out for us once or twice but she is so much older and had responsibilities to Michael and to the pack. Our mother didn't ever seem to want to raise us, though she did try to protect us from the voices in the council who feared us." He twisted his hands in his lap, looking up as Dean wrapped his hands around them, calming that nervous motion. "Dean, someone had to lead them, to protect them. I always kind of knew that I was cut out to be that . . . general."
"Yes!" Benny called out triumphantly, spotting Steve's black warhorse struggling against the snow. He raised his bow and fired an arrow just short of their friend, having already attached a rope from the supplies they managed to save to the projectile. "Perfect! Now we'll pull them to safe—" he grabbed for the rope but it was too short, having flown faster than he anticipated and now completely out of his reach, "—ty."
"Donald, Maggie," the alpha returned. "I hope you have a good reason for requesting this meeting. Zar was just telling me this morning how he wished we could sleep in once in a while."
Dean bundled Cas into his car, both of them removing their wings in order to fit. Cas's costume was a long, white under robe with a sheer golden layer on top, sparkling in the street lamps. The wide belt was a darker gold, buttoned in the back to highlight his trim figure, the color matching the sandals laced up his thighs. Mary had given the costume long, flowing sleeves with golden bows tied at the elbows, ribbons that Cas played with as the pair drove off into town. His golden tinseled halo and overly large, feathered white wings completed the ensemble.
"Uh, yeah. A bond has to be forged before the mating takes place, usually during a courtship period of at least one month. Longer is better, especially with alpha/omega pairs due to the
"Dean, did you listen to him at all while we were riding here?"
As soon as he entered the classroom, all of his fears melted away. Lounging against the dark curtains that framed the windows like he owned the room, Dean grinned and waved at the young omega. Cas shook his head as he settled into the cushions next to his alpha, pulling out his notebook as Ms. Barnes nodded at him from her desk. Ms. Barnes didn't believe in desks and chairs, other than the one she was forced to use herself, so the students curled up on cushions or low couches while she taught class, all of them encouraged to move around as much as they needed to. "You didn't tell me you were in this class, Dean," Cas scolded, opening his book to
Dean looked over his shoulder. "I don't think April intended for me to attend you outside of your rut. I never thought about any other options."
"Clearly," Charlie replied dryly. "But you don't need to be alone. Sam and Benny have been surly all morning, so I guessed that you would be in worse shape and came to cheer you up."
Dean rolled his eyes at the explanation and reached for his beer, his other hand heading for the popcorn. “Whatever, start the movie.”
"I thought you were flirting with those twins, the alpha female and omega male."
"Not really, not that I've seen, I guess. I spoke with one woman who had her pup in just over three months because her pack was on the road in the winter and it never really made sense for her to spend any time in human form. I had been riding in Glenn's cart for the first few months of my pregnancy, but I told him that I wanted to run with him at least for a few hours each day. I kept track of the time, and I spent just over three weeks in wolf form, letting me give birth in the fall instead of the winter."
"No, he forgot to grab any groceries. There are a couple of bananas left, I think."
Cas chuckled, eyes dropping as Dean's fingers ghosted across his growing erection. He dug his fingers into Dean's arms, fighting against the urge to push into the touch or thrust his hips. He couldn't resist the second time, his hips snapping forward as Dean wrapped his fingers loosely around him. "D-Dean . . ."
, something so intense and soul-piercing that the prince couldn't look away. The baby already had the faintest scent, cinnamon and apple blossom, and Cas let himself learn that aroma and tuck it away in the back of his mind for later.
"Yeah, sure, as long as you've had some . . . practice before that."
"Ok."
Kevin jerked awake just as Balthazar and Samandriel finished their lunch, the dark-haired omega rolling out of bed and tucking himself up against the wall with his legs pulled up to his chest. Alfie joined him instantly, wrapping his arms around his brother and purring softly. "Welcome back, Kevin," Balthazar offered, sitting down in front of the smaller man. "Feeling better?"
Balthazar rolled his eyes, chuckling at the offended look on Crowley's face. "Do the witches really treat you so badly?"
Gabriel reappeared behind Sam’s chair with a flutter of wings, smiling as he placed a hand on the hunter’s shoulder, speaking in answer to Crowley’s final words. Clearly the Trickster had been listening in and waiting for an opportune moment to make his appearance. “I was finally able to get a head count on missing angels. Apparently some of the angels I was speaking with did not like Ishim, but I tried a few other disguises and some of them worked out pretty well. Including the two angels from that garrison that were patrolling in southwest Nebraska, thirty total angels who were recently obedient are refusing to communicate with the Host. The leaders don’t want to risk a repeat of Castiel’s rebellion, which caused the death of many thousands of angels, so they are keeping it a secret.”
them? Cas, how could you?!”
Damian shrugged. "Quick dips are fine, but usually we only trust our courting partner enough to go there. Left alone, the wolf will reach for a mating bond. Once you are mated, however, you can stay in the clouds as long as you like, and your partner's wolf will keep yours grounded."
Dean was in the lead from the start, his alpha strength giving him an advantage. Cas hadn't run in a long time, but he could already feel that familiar burn in his chest and tightness in his legs. Calling on a strength he had nearly forgotten he had, Cas pushed himself to catch up with Dean, dodging a pair of betas on the way. Omegas were built to run, both to get themselves and their pups to safety when something threatened their packs and to lead their mates on a chase to build up mating hormones. Even though he wasn't presented yet, Cas already felt a whisper of those hormones, a desire to escape Dean, to make the alpha
"Oh." Sam worked through half a dozen responses in his mind, but the sudden unbidden mental image of his brother on his knees in front of Cas wouldn't leave him. "Really, you, kneeling on the floor, giving an omega a blowjob?"
“Why didn’t you tell me about this before?”
"No, we don't object," Alfie answered, glancing at his brother and friend before speaking. "It will be nice to have someone new to talk to."
The four of them reached the edge of the forest that flanked the great mountains, the official border of Wilderness land, a few minutes later. Dean slowly led his band across the desolate plain between the lands, his eyes on the swamp that formed the border of the Spellbound Pack’s land. This empty plain was technically forbidden to all three packs, though it had been used to negotiate short truces in the past. The four large wolves crept through the winter-dead grass, following the strange scents to the corner of the plain where the swamp butted up against the rocky mountain slope. Dean perked up at the yips and growls of battle, ears turned forward as he broke into a run, his three best friends at his heels.
Some of the older witches, Don and Maggie included, nodded in understanding, though most of the court whispered uncertainly among themselves. The tales of wolves with wings had been assumed to be just that,
"Why?"
Dean took his time removing the last of their clothing, running his fingers over every inch of his angel's exposed skin. He could tell that Cas was losing control, hands shaking as he tried to pull the hunter closer, so he avoided touching his wings and pushing him too far too fast. As soon as he felt that the inexperienced man was somewhat calmer, Dean leaned down to place a gentle kiss on the tip of the angel's erection.
Cas blushed and ducked his head, fingers tightening on the fabric in his hands. "H-he's not my alpha. I've only known him a couple of days."
"When?"
Dean leaned close enough to touch his nose to the base of Cas's neck, knowing that the boy was blushing. "She's just excited that we're dating, and she really likes you guys," he whispered. "Don't think for a second that she's trying to push you into anything, okay?"
"What do you want, Cas? Do you want to come like this, or do you want something else?" Normally Dean wouldn't stop to talk; he had been having sex for far too long not to understand in general what his partners wanted, but Cas was practically a virgin. Not counting April and the porn that he had watched over years of association with the hunters, Cas had very little practical experience, and Dean wouldn't do anything to take advantage of the raven-haired man.
that he might. I didn't lie to you when I said that we were unlikely to run into any alphas while we were out; I just neglected to inform you that one of my skills, one that has made me a great messenger and ambassador, is the ability to read people. I read Crowley correctly."
"It makes him a great deal more than that," a surprisingly familiar voice countered as the amulet that Dean had hung around Cas's neck began to glow with a brilliant white light.
"I'm used to stubborn pups. Go on to the table." Mary headed for Alfie's room next, nodding at Charlie and Meg as the girls passed her in the hall on the way to breakfast. Anna's younger brother was harder to rouse, even going so far as to growl weakly from his cocoon of heavy blankets. Mary just pulled him free and lifted him into her arms, smiling as the twelve-year-old cuddled against her neck and closed his eyes. She wouldn't be able to carry him long, but the boy hadn't hit his growth spurt yet and he was still manageable.
"I'm truly sorry, Chief. When your boyfriend sobers up, please convey my apology again."
"I thought all of the Emperor's children were alphas and betas," Dean interjected. "You make it sound like that's not true."
"Alfie's, I guess. It's in the middle and the bed will be big enough for all of us."
Dean caught a whiff of the hot bread and couldn't help his stomach's rather loud response. He cleared his throat and ran his hand through his hair, glaring at Sam's self-righteous grin. "Yeah, ok, it does smell good. I though sourdough was kinda complicated, though."
The redhead snorted and poked at her roll with a knife, trying to decide if she was still hungry or just bored. "You were training all day; how did you notice?"
“I don’t know,” Sam whispered, not even shocked at his brother’s question. He had thought about that earlier, when he saw the state the twins were in. “Gabriel told me that they are all just coming out of a heat, and I have never known an omega to hunt while going through one. If they lost their supplies in the mountains, as Gadreel said, then it must have been days.”
"You think I can just fall asleep with a naked omega in my arms?"
"Hey! We haven't . . . Balthy. It's not like that."
Crowley rose from his throne, joining Ruby at Abaddon's table as he watched her sketch the hall, complete with decorations for his mating ceremony. Abaddon grabbed a second quill and began a list of nobles who would be invited, adding in Grand Coven members who were currently in good standing with Rowena and Crowley. "Oh, that's very good. I like your use of silks here, between the pillars. Where are you planning the blessing flowers?"
Jo ran one hand through her hair, glancing at her plate. "Tasha, Rowena, and Max all have purple eyes, and I always thought that it was the sign of a witch. But you have powers, too."
Balthazar pointed at the fourth position in the circle, the place where Maggie traditionally stood. "Maggie, the omega who stood with you last year is pregnant and won't be attending, correct? Do you mind taking Samandriel?"
"It's what I do. I save people. And I'm going to save you."
"I'm not afraid of you," Cas replied, somewhere between petulant and stubborn. "I missed you this week, and I thought that hearing your voice would make me feel better. I didn't think it would be hard on you."
"There is a separation of Coven and Pack," Crowley pointed out, poking at his eggs absent-mindedly. Most of the palace chickens wouldn't lay in the winter, but all eggs that they did manage were offered to Crowley to be parceled out as favors for his guests or the other nobles. There were some perks to almost-dating the Head Alpha that Balthazar enjoyed, and fresh eggs was at the top of that list. "Mother put that rule in place for a reason."
"Yeah, maybe," Sam allowed. "It would be hard to prove, though. Anyway, he took the three away, presumably to administer some sort of punishment. I'm going to tell Dad about it tonight and see if there is any way he can put some pressure on the Board."
"He's been a pretty good influence on me," the blonde replied, finding a dark red shirt with gold embroidery and slipping it on. "Ruby and Meg will be fine. Thank you."
“Ok, you’ll do that. As soon as you are healed.”
Cas reached for a rolled set of scrolls and placed them on a low table nearby, glaring at April. "I read your reports while I was gone. Some of this has the tone of my brother's words. What are you playing at?"
Lucifer dispatched the last four angels as his brother ran to Sam’s side, concerned golden eyes quickly evaluating his wounds. The blade in Sam’s side was of less concern than the one that had pierced his left lung and embedded itself in his scapula, the angle just below what would have sliced through his heart. Gabriel knew that he couldn’t risk worrying about Sam’s other injuries before healing the damaged lung, distracted by the agony burning across their link and the blood dribbling down the hunter’s chin with every watery breath.
"What kind of remodeling?" Gabe, his attention drawn away from the memory of the cartons of ice cream he had seen in the freezer that morning, leaned forward so he could see John better. No one had noticed Cas and Dean's little whispered conversation, apparently. "Like lights?"
"I've never had a pack before," Cas mused softly. "My brothers and I only ever had each other. Omegas are encouraged to learn to take care of the home and pups, so running wild through the mountains wasn't proper."
Chapter 6: Trained
"Cowboy style?"
Dick finally smashed through the door at the bottom of the staircase, running into the hallway to find his prey. He turned a corner and found the omega soldier staring out a window, probably looking for an escape route, the boy dashing away quickly when he spotted the Hun. Dick swung his sword at the soldier and missed, breaking a wooden column with the force of the blow. The soldier ran and Dick gave chase, swinging again and bringing another column to the floor as the soldier scrambled up a third one. Not stopping to wonder how the young soldier could be so adept at climbing wooden columns, Dick swung his sword at the base of it and broke it, watching as the heavy piece of wood crashed through the thin walls and dangled its end over the crowd below.
"Thanks, Mike."
"As soon as we get into the palace they will spot us; the armor is a dead giveaway."
"How were your morning classes?"
." The other four soldiers exchanged a glance that translate to, roughly,
"Who is it this time?"
The King of Hell grimaced and stood from the table, the look of distaste still on his face. “I have had my demons on it since she turned her attack dog angel on me, and they have only heard unsubstantiated rumors of her location. I feel like they may be getting closer, but I can’t promise you anything. You do understand that she absolutely cannot be trusted, so there is something I need you to bring me once I find her.” Crowley reached into his pocket and produced a small piece of paper, passing it to the hunter. “There is a reaper at the address on that paper, and she has an artifact that I need. I do not know if you are well acquainted with Billie, but she has been of some help to me in the past.” With that, he vanished, leaving Sam alone in the bunker once more.
"We will later tonight, if that's alright," Alfie answered, staring at his wine glass. "I really need to go throw some knives for a while, work off this . . . I don't know. Anger isn't right. I'm so frustrated; I feel like I should have done something, even though I wasn't there."
"Soothing? Dean?" The lone Asian in the group, Kevin Tran, slid onto the bench behind Cas, patting the younger man on his back. Unused to so much physical contact, the raven-haired omega tried to shy away, but Dean's hand on his chest calmed him. He was going to have to get used to this pack and the
floated in the air between them, but neither omega would acknowledge it. Sexual harassment of an unpresented omega was one of the few things that could get a minor alpha tried as an adult. In the past, when things were a bit more barbaric and omegas had fewer rights, they were often sold off to their future mates before they had presented, in order to assure the alpha or beta that their new mate had never known another partner. Now, that was completely forbidden.
"Sounds good to me," Balthazar answered, tapping Gabe's shoulder. "Let's go, boys. Crowley, love, I'll see you later."
As soon as the two embarrassed young omegas covered their scents, they slipped out of Kevin's window and headed for the back gardens. Mshindi and Balthazar, dressed in leather fighting clothes, followed Linda out the front door, bowing to a confused Meg as they passed. "My boys are having a hell of a time with their heat tonight," Linda explained, glancing over her shoulder at the closed door to her suite and wincing. She was really quite an amazing actress, a skill that had won her the title of Crowley's best spy. "I thought these two deserved a break for a few hours while Kevin and Alfie are taking care of themselves."
"Not bad. I'll have to thank her for that." He placed his empty cup back on the edge of the bench for the servants to collect later. "What do you boys want to do for the afternoon?"
“I’ll have you know that this vessel was quite tall when it was originally created! It’s also the oldest archangel vessel, whereas you, Dean, and that poor insane man that Raphael used to wear have had thousands of years of evolution to grow bigger. Unlike some of the Norse Gods you met before, I never bothered to change my form as the humans we watched over grew. This vessel has always suited me fine.” He slipped off of his chair and took a couple of calculated steps forward, wrapping his arms around Sam’s waist as he gazed up into the hunter’s shocked green-hazel eyes. “Doesn’t it suit you?”
The first woman, one so disagreeable that Kevin had never bothered to learn her name, leaned forward again, haughty pride in her squinted eyes. "My children never caused such trouble; they all became acupuncturists." Her alpha children had, in any case.
"Crowley isn't officially courting me for political reasons, as anyone with a brain would know. He hasn't had the opportunity to send an envoy to my alpha, not in the middle of winter. But if you dare think for a moment that I am not his, you had better leave this court right now and never return. He tore out the throat of the last alpha to make that mistake."
Mshindi was no stranger to speed, but this was beyond anything he had ever experienced before. He felt his eyes start to water and he fought against the urge to close them, eager to see the white wolf finish his dive and land. They reached the top of the low-lying cloud bank and Balthazar flared his wings, the strain echoing through every tense muscle as his body struggled to adjust to the maneuver. The wolf raised his head to the sky, angling his glide upwards as the ice crystals in the cloud sliced into Mshindi's skin. He felt his breath catch in his throat as the white wolf's speed dropped as he fell out of the clouds, adjusting his position in the last few dozen feet so he could glide into a running landing. Kevin and Alfie touched down just behind them, perfectly in formation, trotting to a stop at the edge of their makeshift camp.
The group looked up at a commotion outside the door, one of John's aides opening it to admit Chuck Novak. The alpha was flustered, wiping his hands on his pants before looking around the room and rubbing his beard. "Castiel, what happened? The police told me you were attacked."
He helped Gabriel scoot to the edge of the bed and slip into the shorts and pants, handing him the shirt as he continued to speak. Sometimes the two of them could sit peacefully in perfect silence, but Sam always seemed to know when the quiet became too much and Gabriel needed to hear his voice. "Garth actually managed to get enough fur combed out of your brothers to make them all wolf fur undergarments, though they look more like loincloths than shorts. I think it makes them all feel better, though, being able to switch forms around so many people without ending up naked. One day you'll have to tell me why you guys didn't have any already."
Cas would normally enjoy a military parade through the City, especially in celebration of such a major victory, but his heart wasn't in it. Cas was sullen and withdrawn, a dark mood shared by most of his men, and he felt like an imposter getting credit for Dean's spectacular strategy of dropping a mountain's worth of snow on top of the Hun army. He would never have thought of it, but that boy had the ability to be a brilliant military tactician if he were ever given the chance. No hope of that now.
Dean opened his mouth to express his glee, but his words were ripped away by the wind. He settled for leaning forward and wrapping his arms around Cas's neck, burying his fingers in the silky undercoat.
"I'm going to miss her when I leave," Balthazar murmured, fighting back the tightness in his chest that always came over him at the thought of leaving Spellbound lands. "I'm going to miss all of you."
"Uh, no, someone scared them away at the end of lunch." Cas pushed himself to his feet and settled his bag on his back, nodding that he was ready to go. "I learned the name of that alpha that ran into me this morning. Alastair. He tried something after I left you guys, but someone more dominant than him chased him off."
Cas blushed and ducked his head, more flattered by the boy's innocent words than he thought he would be. His eyes widened as he remembered what Dean had said when Adam was chosen, leaning back and smacking the alpha's chest. "He has two brothers in the pack! Dean, why didn't you just tell us then?!"
"Welcome home, Highness," April greeted, offering a perfect bow to the prince. Inias, sitting in the corner, watched the interaction nonchalantly, a little tired around the eyes from the long campaign. Concubines did not generally like to travel, especially for almost a full year, but his contract was almost up so this would be Inias's last trip.
"I'm not going to tell anyone, but there's something else."
situation, acting like an alpha even though he had no right to do so.
Sam and Dean exchanged a charged glare, Sam sighing as he relented. “What is it, Crowley?”
Chuck stepped forward, squeezing Gabriel's arm as he passed and reaching out to cup Cas's face in one hand. "Let's take this conversation somewhere more private."
Shocked, Sam lowered himself to the ground, as well, Jo and Benny following their leader’s example. Slowly, his eyes clearing, the black male closed his lips and quieted his growl, taking a few steps back toward his injured companion before letting his iridescent fur settle along his back. As the tension left his body, the black male started to tremble, his wounds stinging and his energy flagging. Dean wondered how long they had been fighting the three Spellbound wolves before he and his band arrived.
Balthazar joined Kevin and Alfie on the bed, all three of them facing Mshindi who had claimed the one chair in the room and was waiting patiently for the final omega to join them. The blonde glanced over at his companions, all of them clearly waiting for someone else to start, but their Nomad companion ended the argument with a simple chuckle. "Since none of you can decide who will speak, I will ask the question myself. How can you walk freely during your heats?"
Charlie chuckled as she started to clean the sigil off of the floor. "Don't mind her, Jo; Rowena has a story about everyone. Either she knew your ancestors or she has a story about your lineage that she thinks you need to know."
"I don't know. Freaked out? Who the hell expects to wake up with wings and visions?"
Cas screamed as Michael’s power slammed against him, tearing at the tattered edges of his grace and burning the rest anew. He heard Dean scream his name, but he couldn’t even catch a breath through the pain, let alone answer. Michael’s hand on his collar jerked and released him, Cas collapsing on his knees as he looked up at the oldest of the archangels. One of the long metal slats that Cas had given Dean was sticking out of Michael’s chest, the hunter glaring at him from his own cell. He had thrown it as if it was a spear, knowing that it couldn’t hurt the archangel but needing to do something,
"I guess . . . Is there anything I can do for him?"
"Yeah." Dean grabbed his second fish and carefully moved it into place over the fire, glancing at his watch as Gabe and Sam also went for seconds. "Let's finish up and get to the s'mores; I promised Mom we'd be home by six."
The hunter sighed and relented. "It was a scene in the one about the angels falling. Cas wrote a conversation that he and I had, word for word, when I kicked him out of the bunker. That wasn't in the book, and I knew where it had come from. After that, I went to the author page and found a ton more fics that were full of conversations between me and Sam or me and Cas that never happened in the books. I put two and two together."
“And who is going to hold him on your back? Dude, the rest of us are bone-dead tired.” Dean reached out to loosen the bandages around Gabriel’s waist, Sam helping to remove the rest of the dressing so they could get a better look at the wound. Balthazar went white as a sheet and turned away, burying his face in Gadreel’s shoulder as Castiel took over the task of holding Gabriel down and blocking any view of his leg.
"Hi, Dean," Hannah greeted, smiling warmly as Daphne nodded her own greeting. "We have a male beta here, but he won't be spending time with us today. Hester got bitchy at him the last time Cas had a rut and we haven't seen him much since."
Gadreel followed Mary into the rarely-used omega wing of the mayoral mansion, all of the teens relocating to the back side of the board where they could see the TV more easily, regardless of how tight of a fit it was. John conceded the game and divided his money and properties between his sons, grinning as he watched each of the boys split their spoils with their omegas. Crowley snorted and leaned back against Balthazar's chest, the beta's raised knees bracketing the dark-haired omega as they both got comfortable and turned their heads toward the TV.
"Down in the swamps, we tell stories about finding our soulmate someday. Wilderness wolves believe the same thing, by the way."
"Yeah." He remembered back to his conversation with Dean a couple of weeks earlier, trying to push it across the link so Balthazar could see it without him having to repeat himself. He felt a flash of shock flow up his arm, quickly followed by amusement.
Dean smiled and finished his tea, rinsing out the cup and pulling out his eye drops; he would make sure to use them twice a day until the marching was done. He thought back to Balthazar and how kind the alpha had been since the fight, especially their conversation about Donna, the Imperial Matchmaker. "Balthazar offered to put in a good word with the Imperial Matchmaker for my omega brother. For me. When Dad said something about that, I can't say that I really believed him, but this was a lot more tangible. It makes me wonder . . . what if I had been taken to the Imperial City and Donna let me stand before the Imperial family? What if . . . what if that was the way I met Castiel and he liked me? What if we had been compatible and he asked to court me? I could see myself mating someone like him; I could even learn to be quiet, and sweet, and demure . . . a proper omega. For Castiel."
"Yeah, well, get used to it," Sam murmured, kissing the blonde's forehead.
"No, Sam, he's just a big baby. He does protest sometimes when you take away a toy that he wants or prevent him from chewing on something, but I think he will grow out of that." Cas turned his hopeful eyes toward his tallest roommate, gesturing toward the cage nearest the door. "That's his cage if you want to keep him."
Cri-Kee hopped after Kevin as the red dragon hunted down Khan, announcement in one claw. He found the great horse drinking from a trough with three of his new equine friends, hopping up on his back with a friendly grin on his face. "Khan-y baby, we need a ride." The horse raised his head and turned to face the dragon, flicking his ears back before knocking the small dragon off with a quick squirt of water. Cri-Kee chirped something apologetic before hopping away after the dragon, headed into the forest to find alternative transportation. Behind them, he could swear that he heard the other horses laughing.
Kevin reached the silent statue and started to climb it, a feeling of uneasiness in his gut. When he was around the other guardians, there was an energy, a presence stirring just below the stone surface, but this statue was cold, silent. The dragon perched on his larger counterpart's shoulder, holding up his gong and banging it, hard, waiting for the magic to take effect. "Yo, Rocky, wake up! You gotta go fetch Dean!"
"The Winchester Family!"
"Most of the guys here shift to hunt. I know that Asa and Alicia are pretty good with weapons."
"That's right. Now, wake up the Ancestors."
The omega growled and dropped his head into his arms, clearly trying to ignore the alpha until he went away. Crowley sighed and glanced over his shoulder, trying to decide if Kevin or Alfie might be a better option, but he was worried that Balthazar was too far gone to hear even them.
Chapter 1: Family Packs
"Okay, but stay closer to the ground this time. You're going to give me a heart attack."
"These scent glands here, in the neck, are used exclusively by partners who are very close or those who are mated. When two people want to become mates, they will bite each other here, on the neck, where their scent is the strongest. In order to create a mating bond, you have to bite hard enough to break the skin and make your partner bleed. The exchange of blood at this gland will create the bond, beyond the scent bond that most dating partners develop. It is important to know if your partner is clean of disease before mating; it is possible to mate with someone who has a contagious blood-borne disease without it transferring, but you must know."
up her sleeve."
"Completely true," Gabe chimed in, looking up as Gadreel entered the room and took his place at the table, his future mate heading for the kitchen to help John finish up breakfast. "Thank you for letting Cas sleep in. He's usually the first up, making breakfast for all of us."
"Yes, I accept."
Both of them gasped and backed away trembling, the shorter one gathering the courage to ask, "Who are you?"
Balthazar closed his eyes and hung his head, rising to his feet as Alfie groaned himself awake.
"I would like that," Balthazar whispered. "Why are you being so nice to me?"
Crowley chuckled and led the beta deeper into the gardens. "You like me because I'm not attracted to your sons?"
"I don't even know why you have a line," the omega whispered against his neck.
with that subtext."
“I thought you said that you couldn’t help.”
Oh, now he knew who this boy was. "Your John's son, Sam, right?"
Sam started to say something, freezing as Cas took the largest bird and laid him on his back in Sam's lap, huge black feet sticking up in the air. The largest parrot reached his head back and began to nibble on a fold in Sam's jeans, trilling happily at his new discovery, perfectly content to wiggle his feet but not flip over. Sam carefully reached forward and touched the bird's upper chest where creamy white feathers met vibrant orange, and the bird released his jeans to rub his heavy black beak on the hunter's long finger. "His name is Dax," Cas offered softly, rejoining Dean on the bed.
They played like that for almost an hour, Jo and Charlie returning to the blankets and relaxing as the men played. Cas finally landed, letting Dean jump on his back as he rolled over and snapped at him, playing with the alpha like an unruly pup. The other two messengers landed a moment later, all six of them rolling around and wrestling with each other while Jo and Charlie called encouragement from the sidelines.
for that future with her mind. As she and Rowena left the study, Charlie tried to push away the image of Dean, huddled on the cold floor of a cell with a metal collar around his neck, screaming Cas's name until he lost his voice.
Gabriel nodded. “You’re right, he won’t. If he did, it would just be the Apocalypse all over again. Sam won’t be your vessel, and he won’t throw you back in the Cage. If you agree to help us, and you agree to
"Gabe," Cas sighed, "no one wants to eat your bluegill and the largest thing you ever caught was like a half-pound yellow perch. We need real sized fish, not catch-and-release."
Sam smiled and raised Gabriel’s hand to his mouth, placing a gentle kiss on the back of it. Balthazar reached forward and added a few more large sticks to the fire, blue eyes watching the interaction between his brother and the Wilderness wolf. “He’s asking you to court him,” the lanky man offered.
"Kevin and I can go in," Alfie offered, eyes trying to pierce the darkness. "He trusts us."
"Steve, what's wrong?" Steve pulled his hand away as he hit his knees, blood coating his palm from where it was leaking through his damaged armor. Cas suddenly remembered Dick swinging his sword at the boy just moments before they both ran away from the approaching avalanche; it looked like the Hun had managed to hit his target after all. Cas looked up at the other soldiers, blue eyes frantic as he reached for Steve. "He's wounded; get help!" he barked, cursing himself for leaving the medic with the rest of the army.
Day five was cloudy and dark, the mountains threatening rain as a bitter wind blew out of the north. Castiel introduced the troops to cannons, the one true advantage the Chinese had over the Huns and the rest of their enemies. Each recruit learned the explosive properties and safe storage of gunpowder, lining canons up along the practice field and attempting to destroy a target that looked suspiciously like an overweight Hun. Benny, Balthazar, Charlie, Anna, and Claire each managed to land their shot in the field, but Dean's shot was thrown wildly off the mark by a well-timed kick from his lean nemesis. His canon destroyed Metatron's tent, though not the scribe himself, and earned him a fierce reprimand from the captain. Dean accepted the censure without a word, silently wondering why his ancestors had any faith in him at all.
response.
Charlie reached into her satchel and produced a roll of parchment, passing it to Cas. "I keep track of every special pup throughout the three packs. Sometimes we do not identify them at birth, especially messengers, but I try to notate them when we do meet."
Mystified, Balthazar followed Crowley out of his chambers and through the hallways to the throne room, the alpha pausing a moment to touch his communications tattoo and send out a call. The pair strode into the throne room, the doors hanging open during the public court hours in the afternoon, eliciting the surprise of Abaddon and the dozens of petitioners waiting along the wall.
Every face turned toward them as they reached the group, some of the younger teens steeping forward to nuzzle Dean before greeting Cas. Charlie bounced forward, dragging two other girls behind her as an older one followed in her path. "Cas! So good to see you! This is Amy—you didn't get to meet her yesterday because of her international thing—and Ruby and Meg. They are running a bunch of clubs this year so they are super busy during the week, but they try to come to weekend things. Guys, this is Cas—Dean's new trainee."
Max grinned and reached over to grab Alicia's arm. "Twins! Oh, I can't wait."
Mary headed to the omega wing with a box tucked neatly under one arm, knocking gently on Cas's door and entering at his call. The omega, his hair still damp from his shower, was dressed in the sleeping pants she had bought for him after his first overnight visit, flannel covered in tiny striped bees dancing across green and white flowers. "Ready to get all fancy for your party?"
Benny grinned, instinctively glancing over Alicia's head to meet his own leader's forest green eyes. "Not her, but Charlie. She promised me twins with Gadreel. A boy and a girl."
Dean forced himself to stay calm, knowing that losing his temper would be deadly for Cas. "I know that I have a bad reputation in that area, but I just wanted Zachariah dead. I swear, this is on the up-and-up. It's a fair deal."
Dean shook his head. "No."
care before."
Cas tried to gain control of his scent as they waited at the Massachusetts St light, standing near a sleepy gas station as they stared at the automotive shop on the other side of the road. There were apartments on the opposite corner of the road, and Cas knew that some of the students from his classes lived there. He glanced at the traffic light pattern, trying to decide if they should cross to the south side of the street now or wait for a few more blocks, when he caught sight of a trio of teenagers leaning against the wall of the auto shop.
The rest of the meal was quieter, the sporadic conversations straying to simple matters like the new silk trader who was visiting the palace in the next month, purportedly bringing beautiful dark purple fabric with him. They watched the sun set in a riot of dark reds fading to the indigos of night as they finished eating, Anna finally retiring and leaving Cas alone with his concubine.
"What do they call it? Sabriel?"
"Just once. She needed a package transported, and we obliged her. While you're here, I do know someone in the market today with a few bags of silphium. I can't get you half price, but I know I can haggle something reasonable."
omega! Your father should have beaten some sense into you long ago, and now he's the only alpha who will ever have to put up with your
books (he had borrowed
"It's not research," Sam replied, finally deigning to look up from his screen. "It's, uh, stories."
"It's a fair assessment. Lucifer had nothing to do with it."
"I don't know, sixty?"
Malachi grinned. "Yeah, she did. It was pretty awesome." He glanced over his shoulder as a servant stuck her head into the room, the girl nodding toward the main wing of the palace. "I have to go; Inias wants to officially ask for my permission to court Sophia."
“Still hungry?”
I even knew one to try.”
Crowley sighed as he realized why the witches had summoned him, barely ten days from the Equinox. "She won't be here to lead the ceremony. Where's Olivette?"
"Dad, we can afford the apartment now," Lucifer argued, freezing at the ice in his father's glare.
"They're having sex," Gadreel replied evenly, handing over the leather canteens she had asked him to fill, his golden eyes sparkling with amusement at her gasp. "I mean, nothing too close to actual mating, but they've been alone in their rooms for far too long to still be wearing any clothes. My brothers find Dean and Sam quite distracting."
"Omegas of both genders are only fertile during their heats, ovulating around day three, though this varies from person to person. Unlike betas, omegas can ovulate multiple mature eggs, but it is common for only the strongest one to implant. Multiple births are more common in omegas than betas, but especially in males. Male omegas produce low levels of estrogen, which is a hormone related to reproduction, at all times, but because they also produce testosterone, they need a spike of it in order to become pregnant. Nature's answer is to have multiple dominant follicles, the tiny sacs that hold maturing eggs, to create a spike of estrogen that is far stronger than we would see in a female beta. During heat, a male omega's testosterone production level is nearly non-existent, allowing for ovulation and possibly pregnancy. These hormonal cycles mean that male omegas have more emotional changes before and during heat than females."
"I can't do anything myself to grow our family, but I can ensure that you will have the chance. Please, Sam, promise that you won't cause a scene at the palace today. Promise me that you will stay with Dad and be a good son, take a mate as soon as you find someone worthy, and that you will protect our family name."
"How are you doing this morning?"
"I know. Thank you for protecting me."
"Are you ready, Dean?"
Dean and Benny returned with three rabbits, still fat from their fall gorging. Jo had managed a couple of fish, returning in human form so she could carry those and a handful of winter fruits she found near the river. She had already washed them, offering them to Sam so he could peel the thick skin off, taking a seat by the fire with her own sharp knife to clean the fish. Benny dropped his rabbits at Sam’s side, shifting into human form and digging through the supplies for another knife he could use to skin his catch.
Dean lurched back as soon as Cas jerked his wings open, staring in shock as the angel collapsed on his bed in the red glow of the bunker's emergency lights, brokenly panting in the aftereffect of whatever
"Thanks, Crowley."
Asa stood up from behind his desk, patting Jordan's father on the back and waving a hand toward the group of omegas. "Gadreel, meet Ben and Cecelia, Jordan's parents."
"Have you told him that?"
“Maybe it will be more fun for an angel than a demon,” Cas countered smartly, a thread of his trademark sass in his voice.  “Why don’t you want me to try?”
"I don't understand."
With her friends nearby, Patience was able to answer her leader. "I saw a storm brewing, a terrible fight, and four omegas who need our help."
“Cas, what the hell is going on here?”
Kevin handed over the tea and nodded, rifling through Dean's supplies for a cleaner training outfit. There was a faint scent of omega on the ones he had worn while climbing the pole, nothing that could be detected unless someone was touching the boy, but enough that his dragon guardian was worried. "I'll wash these today in case any of your real scent stuck. Now, you need to get out there and grab some breakfast before training starts. I don't expect Castiel to be any easier on you just because you climbed a pole."
Sam straightened at the words and the possessive light in those golden eyes. Gadreel exchanged an amused glance with Balthazar as they watched their oldest brother reach out and run his free hand down Sam’s leg. The alpha pulled back slightly in shock, having not expected the young omega to hit on him so blatantly, especially injured as he was. “Gabe, it’s just the heat talking.” He sounded incredibly disappointed as he reached for the blonde’s hand and tried to peel it away from his leg.
are no more fit to be soldiers than you are to be Captain. Once the general reads my report, your troops will never see battle."
Sam swallowed a scream as Gabriel slipped the first blade free, the other hunters and Lucifer gathering around them. The fallen archangel moved to check on the other hunters while Gabriel cared for their leader, though all of them were watching the healing anxiously. The blonde’s hand was shaking as it began to glow with the blue/gold of his grace, carefully sealing the deep puncture wound and clearing the blood from Sam’s injured lung. Sam’s skin was already pale from blood loss, but he struggled to cling to consciousness as the bright light flowed from Gabriel’s hand into him, healing his wounds and strengthening him as best it could.
Sam looked back toward his brother, and Dean was shocked to find tears in his gold-hazel eyes. "We're going to have to let him shift sooner or later. When he learns that he can't speak in that form either, there won't be anything I can do to save him."
"That is out of the question. You will be my vessel and you'll have no cause to leave the peaceful little corner of your mind that I lock you in. I promise to make it a pleasant place."
enter my room without permission again, I would appreciate it."
Cas took a deep breath, freezing as he realized that the overwhelmingly sweet scent of omega heat had finally faded, leaving behind a spoiled, cloying reminder of the insanity that day five had been. Underneath his head, Damian stirred, Jordan whining from the older omega's other side as Gabriel rolled over in a blatant refusal to admit that morning had come. Gadreel, who general enjoyed sleeping in as much as his twin, twitched as the sun hit his back, groaning as Cas leaned over to nudge him.
Cas reached up and twined his fingers with Dean's, pulling the alpha's hand to his chest, biting his bottom lip as he watched that hand drift lower. "No biting, no omega space, and don't mount me. Dean, I think you can handle that."
"Great. Thanks, Balthy." Cas pulled his hand away from Tasha's arm, catching the other omega when she stumbled. "Tasha?"
"So, what now?"
Dean didn't let him finish, already good and angry and ready to take it out on someone. "I've been asking you to be here for days, you dick!"
The angel grabbed his arm as he moved to leave the bed, both of them realizing at the same moment that they weren't in Dean's room and Cas didn't have any supplies. "I don't need it anyway," Cas whispered. "You'll, uh . . . you'll fit. And I won't last if you do that finger thing I saw those men do in the instructional videos."
Dawn bloomed bright and cheerful, no clouds to mar the beauty of the late-winter sun, its gentle warmth caressing the pile of sleeping omegas. The broad streamer of light peeked through the huge, southeast facing window, glimmering off the distant lake and interrupting the raven-haired man's bizarre dreams. He whined an objection to being so rudely interrupted, but the younger omegas had not wanted the curtains closed the night before, so he could not escape the proof that morning had come at last. Bright cerulean eyes fluttered open, squinting against the light as his pupils slowly constricted to make it at least somewhat tolerable.
The Celestial chuckled as Alfie's voice sounded through the suite again, the notes shriller and more desperate than they had been the first day. "I can't help but pity the beta who lands that boy; he'll go deaf the first heat they spend together."
Sam shook his head as Mary quickly filled in the squares, only glancing at her notes a couple of times as she worked. "You already did all of these calculations at home, didn't you?"
Kevin popped out of the water between Dean and Balthazar, spitting and shaking his head. "What a nasty flavor."
"I won't reveal your secret," Dean promised. "If I wasn't lucky enough to have a father in favor with Caesar, your story could easily be mine. Maybe, one day, you can travel to Britannia; Meg says that male omegas have more rights there, more freedoms."
Dean groaned and shook his head, looking up and grinning at his boyfriend. "I wanted to jump you right there, Cas, when you first shifted. Now I kinda wish I had."
He felt his heartrate return to normal as he raised his chin dismissively, showing Castiel that he didn't see him as a threat. "The pup has teeth," the captain teased, knowing that a small crowd was watching their verbal sparring match. "Let's see if you
"Everyone," Cas whispered, his fingers digging into the lapels of Dean's vest. "We were all supposed to be gentle, delicate, and beautiful enough to attract a mate. That's all Michael ever expected of us. But Balthy, Gad, and I were too tall, too big, and he hated us for that. Only Gabe ever lived up to his image of a good omega. I thought . . . I hoped that if I was damaged enough Uriel wouldn't want me."
Cas tilted his head to one side. "It was enjoyable, but I have no basis for comparison. I was an angel for billions of years, and not a hedonistic one like Balthazar and Gabriel." He smiled at the hunter, his eyes sparkling with amusement. "But, you know, I've only ever tried sex with a woman. Maybe I need to try a man and see the difference."
"Isn't it a two-week journey to the southern continent?"
"Some people don't want to have sex at all, and that's perfectly alright. Someone who doesn't feel sexual attraction to anyone, regardless of gender or subgender, is known as an asexual. Like most other types of orientation, it's a spectrum, so you may find that someday there is a person you have a secondary attraction to, and we would call that demisexual. Secondary attraction develops over time, forming out of the relationships you have with another person and the emotional connection that you have. Primary attraction, in comparison, is based on appearance and smell and first impressions. It is normal to experience only one, both, or neither."
Gabriel leaned forward excitedly, having already finished two helpings of soup. Somehow, the smallest of the three Celestials could pack away the most food, and Sam had learned to prepare an extra helping for the blonde. He glanced up at Sam, a request in his eyes, but the tall alpha just placed a finger over his lips and shook his head. "No. You don't get requests."
"I don't care. Besides, betas live longer than alphas since they don't get into so many pointless dominance fights."
“Three hours at most,” Sam replied lifting Gabe’s chin and examining his face. “What’s wrong? Is it worse?”
“I can see that.” Cas’s stomach growled at the smell of the fish, not giving him any option but to accept his breakfast. Finding a reasonably comfortable spot by the fire, he dug into the meal, calling on every ounce of his self-control to eat at a normal speed.
"Good. I know I said that we could meet him this morning, but our thing got moved and we can't really be late."
"He's developed a conditioned response to the scent of omegas in heat. He, uh, completely loses his appetite."
"Yes, he did. He's deep in plans for the Spring Equinox and sends his regrets that he cannot be here with you today." He climbed the few stairs to Crowley's huge throne, swallowing that tiny shiver of trepidation as he settled into the soft velvet and gazed out across the court. Alfie took Balthazar's customary chair next to the throne, knowing that his friend would need his support.
"It must be important," Rufus pointed out. "He has a roll of scrolls in his saddlebag."
She followed the trail for almost two hours, sniffing every broken twig and torn leaf, examining tracks in the dirt and marks on the rough bark of trees. She found where Gerald had given chase relatively quickly, dismissing his scent and marks as she led the group to the edge of a small stream. Linda sniffed the bare ice, scratching at the uncertain surface and testing her weight before leading the group across it and deeper into the dark forest.
"He's cooking? Not you?"
Max packed his supplies away, moving to the same side of the bed as Sam and helping Gabriel turn toward them. "Okay, we'll take it slow at first. Sam and I will support you, so put as much pressure on your leg as you can without hurting yourself. If you feel any pain, we'll stop."
than alone.”
(See the end of the chapter for
The redheaded alpha rolled her eyes. "I do wish you wouldn't call me that, Crowley."
"That's perfect," Alfie breathed. "Just give us time to get into the room first, just in case, and then you can simply return from a casual midnight stroll."
"I can't think of anyone else I would want to run with for the rest of my life," she whispered, hands clenching into fists at her side. It was a hard thing to ask, and among Spellbound wolves the alpha often asked first. "I know that you have obligations with Wilderness pack, and I have to return home at least long enough to find my prophet and graduate as Rowena's apprentice, but I am going to miss you so much. I hope that you will miss me?" It wasn't phrased as a question, but the inflection was there, Charlie's insecurities leaking through.
"Forgive me for missing his announcement; we only just returned from Abyssinia a week or so ago." Chuck wouldn't have gone, of course; John was a noble, but a minor one and he didn't rate a visit from the Emperor at the party celebrating his son's presentation. Still, this was all theatrics, and Chuck knew how to play a crowd.
The rest of the ride was quiet, the pups staring out the windows while Balthazar dug through his bag and Gabriel fiddled with the ragged edge of his shirt. They reached the school a few minutes later, the three older boys piling out of the car before Chuck drove away. Cas felt Gabriel stiffen beside him, the omega's usual reaction to being thrust into a situation where he could run into alphas and dominant betas, but the blonde froze in shock a moment later.
Most of the parade had faded away into the crowd before the group reached the stairs, Castiel and Metatron leaving their horses at ground level. Metatron, who had carried Dick's sword back from the mountain, handed it to Castiel with a slight bow, clasping his hands together as he faced the Emperor and waited for the prince to offer over the weapon of their enemy. Behind the pair, the dragon puppet moved closer, its bells jingling as the dancers carrying it shifted their feet. Cas half-turned his head to glance at them out of the corner of his eye, remembering Dean's words that the Huns had to be in the city already. The drummers went silent as the fireworks ceased, and Ketch rang a huge gong near the doorway of the palace itself. The citizens gathered below the palace quieted and stared up at their Emperor, waiting to hear what he would say.
"Sure!" Gabriel snapped his fingers, fixing the mess behind the bookshelf as Sam's abandoned shirt appeared on the table.
The raven-haired omega bit his lip and looked away, clearly uncomfortable. "I wanted to ask how Max is doing. If he . . . if he has someone to help him through this."
"Ha, no. I'm a terrible cook. I'm pretty good at sandwiches and take-out."
Dean, his left arm held protectively across his chest in some instinctive attempt to protect himself from his fellow soldiers, shook Balthazar's hand. "Heh, heh." He slowly backed away from the lean alpha, almost bumping into Charlie who had wandered into the lily pad cluster and now was wearing one of them on her head. Weird. "And I'm Charlie."
, Balthazar. You'll understand when you meet her."
"I'll warn Benny," John grinned. "I swear, that boy puts away more food than the three of you combined. I have no idea how Chuck keeps up."
Balthazar leaned forward and lifted the next tile, a pair of green feathered wings on either side of a seven-pointed star. "This one means messenger, doesn't it?"
Benny stopped next to another incredibly tall brunet man with light eyes, this one with sharper cheekbones and a squarer chin than Christian. There was something about him that marked the man as another Campbell son, but an omega one. The young man grinned at Benny as the three approached, leaning forward to nuzzle him before turning to greet Dean. "Cousin, it is good to see you. I looked for you when I arrived, but Aunt Mary said that you were preening for your new trainee." His freesia and lavender scent brightened as he spotted Castiel, holding out his hand in greeting.
"You do now, but one day you will realize that this is a celebration of life, hope for the future. Your heat means that you can one day have pups of your own, bring fertility to the land and life to your pack. You are special; omegas are rarer than betas, and male omegas rarer still. Surely the ancestors could see into your heart, knew that you were strong enough to be an omega."
"So unmated omegas should avoid omega space?"
"Asa."
"Hell yeah I would have liked that, but I might be getting a little tired of these one-night stands and flings. I kinda . . . it sounds weird, but I, uh, I think I finally found someone I would be willing to give all that up for."
"Race me, sweet omega. If you win, I'll put in a good word with the captain of the track team."
"Gods, yes," Balthazar whined, trying to press against Crowley's fingers against his back as he pulled himself closer to the alpha's chest. He felt himself teetering on the edge of a cliff, just seconds from falling into omega space and begging the alpha to take him, but some small hint of a whisper in the back of his mind called him back. "Crowley, stop," Balthazar whispered, his entire body tense as he fought against every instinct thrumming through his lean form. "We can't, we can't! Damn it, what happened to your line?"
Cas accepted the items gratefully, taking a wipe and scrubbing the memory of that vile touch away. "You, um, you saw that?"
"One of them has golden eyes, like two shades darker than omega gold. The poor guy was being harassed by half the alphas in school, and he can't help his eye color. The younger one isn't even presented yet, but because he's a Lure . . ." Dean trailed off, hoping that his dad's friend would be able to fill in the blanks.
"I did short and long sprints in school and I ran a half-marathon last year. I like the short ones, but sometimes I need a long run to clear my head. I don't know anywhere safe to run here, but I'm hoping to find somewhere. If Mike and Luci will let me, that is."
"Yeah, I'll be fine. As long as Mshindi has his tea ready."
"Do you do that sort of thing a lot? With the castle and all that?"
The tall alpha glanced down at the omega who had slipped into the desk beside him, tilting his head at the faint trepidation leaking through the scent blockers. It had been a few days since Castiel started wearing them, and his friends were slowly getting used to the antiseptic absence of any normal aroma when he was nearby. "What's up, Cas?"
Edgar and Gaines returned to the doors at the bottom of the stairs and pulled them closed, drawing their swords as they prepared to meet anyone who might make it into the long, red-curtained hall. Their fellow Huns joined them, all of them listening to the loud boom of the battering ram coming from the huge doors half a palace away. They were confident that the Chinese Army would never break through in time to stop their leader.
The alpha's mind helpfully supplied the memory of Steve sitting on that pole, his eyes the bright, vibrant green of Imperial Jade, and he couldn't help but feel that sense of déjà vu again. The inability to place the color distracted his inner voice for a moment, but Castiel knew that it would return, eventually. There was no way he found that boy attractive, he insisted to himself.
Dark jade eyes met shocked blue, the boy's scent controlled but still clearly omega. He hadn't bothered to use all of those oils and herbs he must have brought with him to the Crystal Lake Camp so many weeks ago in order to hide as an alpha, and Cas was distracted by that gentle scent for longer than he was willing to admit. "The Huns are alive! They're in the city!"
Her soft, sultry words had the desired effect as the alpha's scent spiked, his heady cinnamon and apple musk threaded with the slightest touch of arousal. Dean raised one finger in a scolding gesture, jade eyes narrowed at the slight omega. "That's not fair."
In the dark it was easier to scare up the courage to speak his heart. "I was worried about you tonight, really worried. When I saw those boys with their hands on you, I kinda wanted to tear them into teeny tiny pieces."
"Yeah, I, um, I think I am."
His younger brother didn't even flinch, hazel eyes glued to his computer screen. "No, haven't gone to bed just yet."
"Is there any way that I could do it on my own?"
Cas chuckled and nuzzled Dean's chin. "I can work with that."
"What's going on?"
"What does your dad think? Ours tolerates our machinations, but eventually the boys will accept courtships from noble alphas."
"It's not salad," the taller teen replied as his brother joined him in the small kitchen. The cabin was rustic and cramped, but the boys loved the freedom of spending a weekend without any adult supervision, even if it meant they had to deal with each other's cooking.
As soon as Linda was gone, Balthazar and Alfie moved Kevin to the head of the bed and tucked some pillows around him, covering him with one of the lightest blankets they had.
The white wolf shrugged, watching curiously as Kevin and Alfie joined him at the base of the dais, both of them stripping out of their loose clothes.
"You know, I think today is the first time I have ever seen you in formal omega robes."
(See the end of the chapter for
"Balthazar." Crowley disentangled his arm from Maggie's, patting her hand as he ascended the two steps to his throne and nodded at the alpha seated in the floor-level pseudo-throne. Abaddon bowed her head to her alpha, her long, gently curled red hair flowing across her shoulders and down her back as she bent her head to glance at the list of the day's petitioners. As the daughter of a witch, she had the signature red eyes, but her shade was more of a bright cranberry instead of the dark crimson that Crowley sported or the lighter ruby of his mother's primary guard.
"I'm fine," the omega growled, fingers digging into Balthazar's arm as the older man tried to get him to rise. "Gods, I hate this."
"To keep him happy?" Jo was trying to learn what would be expected of her as the prophet's legacy, and at this point it seemed to be keeping secrets and acting as the speaker's sounding board when she saw something she needed to work through.
Cas blushed and ducked his head. "I should have thought of that. I knew that you were a demon, I mean I could see it, but it never occurred to me that you had all of the strengths that came along with that. Why didn't you tell me sooner?"
"We, uh, left the door on the garden wall cracked open. Kevin and I will climb the side of the castle back into his room."
The young omega grinned and reached for his bread. "Dean and I talked about how omegas deal with their older dominant siblings moving away from home. I know you weren't feeling up to fishing today, but if you feel better tomorrow, I bet Dean would be happy to talk to you about it, too. He brought some new wiggly lures that we can break out tomorrow for bass."
Yay, Kevin's first fully prophetic vision. The best thing about having a prophet in the story is that I can let him give you the spoilers instead of putting them in the notes here. Also, more information about Chuck (which will be relevant in like 100 chapters) and some revenge conversation with Gabe (which will be referenced in 12 months in-story time).
“I’m sure you’ve heard of the poisons that Asmodeus uses in war, especially the debilitating ones that he favors when he fights alphas, but he does have a smaller collection of what he calls ‘utility’ poisons.”
“Sam, you can’t let him out. You’re the only vessel strong enough to hold him, and that road leads to another Apocalypse. You have to know that.”
, I had to pause for a while, but now I'm back! This was a much calmer chapter than the previous ones, but a lot of what was revealed here is foreshadowing for the future.
"Maggie and Meg helped me adjust a harness to fit a wolf, specifically an omega messenger. There are buckles to adjust the size of the straps, so all three of you can fit in it, and there is a small set of straps for a rider to wear that will attached here on the sides of the saddle part." Crowley pointed at the various sections of the gear, smiling as Balthazar's eyes widened.
Gabriel half-turned in Sam's arms, eyes flashing omega gold as he purred softly. "Don't worry, my beautiful, oversized moose; I'll make it worth your while." He leaned forward and placed a chaste kiss on the alpha's cheek, smiling at Sam's stunned expression.
"When do I get to meet him again?"
"You're a Lure?" Gad's eyes widened as he leaned close enough to be certain that what he was detecting was Cas's scent and not something environmental. "You still smell young, but yeah, definitely strong. It's not sweet enough to indicate that you're close to your first heat, but an alpha wouldn't be able to tell that."
The second five miles were harder on the soldiers. Alone, Castiel could do the entire path in four hours, and his older brothers Michael and Lucifer often trained with him doing just that. As the laziest of Chuck's four legitimate alpha sons, Balthazar had never joined them, and he was clearly regretting that decision now as he struggled to keep pace with the captain. Benny, Bartholomew, and Castiel's younger half-siblings Muriel, Benjamin, and Hannah ran in the lead with him, while Charlie and Anna stayed in the middle to encourage the struggling soldiers and Claire ran with her friend Steve at the back, Metatron keeping pace with them. The group spread out more as the hours passed, the speed slowing from a brisk run to a loping trot that was barely faster than walking. As long as everyone was keeping the same speed, Castiel had no complaint, but he did let himself fall back to run with Metatron as they neared the top of the first mountain, knowing that he would lose the group if he stayed up front.
"For now," Charlie warned. "He's going to have to fight this at every meal for the next couple of days. The last day will be the hardest. Just isolate him from the omegas when it's time to eat on the last day, and I'll bring one of Dean's shirts if he needs it. I'd prefer not to, though; having a dominant male alpha's scent in this suite is dangerous for the other omegas."
"There used to be a King who ruled over the Three Lands, but we haven't had one since the packs split. In order for another one to rise, the current leadership has to be decimated. That's where you and your brothers come in."
The tent flap flew open again as Metatron entered the small space, taking a single sniff and glaring at the boy on the mat. "So it's true."
The Emperor glared at his offspring, having been certain that the boy would comprehend. He needed to have a conversation with the tutors if his own son couldn't get the reference. He turned fully toward Castiel and aimed his thumb in the direction Dean had gone, making eye contact to ensure that his son understood him. "You don't meet a boy like that every dynasty." He took his hat and placed it on his head with a huff, spinning and walking back toward his palace. Most of the damage would be contained easily and he needed to meet with his ministers now that the threat was well and truly gone.
Kevin skipped across the landing a few yards away, laughing maniacally as he watched the utter destruction he had wrought, slowing to a stop just in time to catch Cri-Kee out of the air. "You are a lucky bug," he chuckled as he put out the fire on the cricket's left antennae. Above them, the fireworks continued to explode uncontrollably while the crowd screamed and cheered from the ground below.
Staring into Sam's eyes, seeing the light from his powerful spirit filling the room, Gabriel no longer wondered how Cas could pick one. As the intended vessels of archangels, Dean and Sam had souls nearly as large and luminous as low-ranking angels, and despite his best efforts Gabriel had always been drawn toward them. He had flirted with the taller hunter for years, dancing around taking that final plunge, but Sam was asking him to, now. Gabriel was still worried about being burned, about falling in love with this human, but he had never seen another soul in his thousands of epochs of living on Earth that attracted him so. This might be
Cas sighed and packed one in her lunch anyway, ignoring the grumbling of his stomach as their beta brother entered the kitchen, the pups' empty cereal bowls in one hand. "She can trade it with one of her friends for something she likes better."
"I'm sorry that I didn't learn fast enough to go with you," Dean replied, remembering that moment when April had told him that he couldn't go. "I tried so hard to learn everything and do everything correctly so I would be ready when you came back, but she said that I'm useless."
"You told him to flirt with Crowley," Cas pointed out, grinning at his older brother across the field. Abaddon tapped Max on his shoulder and led the omega to the table where his sister was sitting with Jo and Elvis, Crowley taking the hint and sliding into the empty seat at Dean's table.
The alpha sighed and ran a hand through his hair, closing his hazel eyes as he tried to organize his thoughts. "I don't know. I mean, I never really thought about pups. I'm only twenty-two, after all, and I'm not the Wilderness heir. It's never been expected of me, not like it is of Dean. He has to mate and have pups, and Dad has been pressuring him since his first rut to start looking around at eligible omegas."
"You," Cas purred, reaching out to run his fingers across Dean's freckled skin. He frowned as his fingers crossed a pale line along his ribs, then another and another. He grabbed Dean's shoulder and turned the omega, glaring balefully at the pale lines crisscrossing the boy's back. They weren't deep and they didn't look like they had bled, but Cas had not expected them. Some looked older, paler, while most of them were still red and clearly painful. "What happened to you, Dean?"
"Correct, Gabe, there are different types of condoms. As you can see from the diagram here, female alphas do not have a visible knot until aroused, and it forms at the base of their clitoris, which swells with blood and elongates slightly. Once the knot is about half-formed, the female can roll the condom over her knot like this." Mary made a fist with her left hand and held up a female alpha condom from the supplies she had brought into the room earlier that morning. She rolled it over her fist, watching as the dozen or so female alphas walked forward to get a closer look. She handed them a few unopened condoms, watching as they examined them and tested them on their own fists. "The fully formed knot is smaller than a fist, but this demonstration shows that the condoms can stretch quite a bit without breaking. It is not unheard-of for an alpha or a male beta to claim that condoms are too small, but that is never the case. While everyone should wear a condom that fits correctly, they come in many sizes to accommodate physical differences between males and female alphas. If you don't feel that your partner is respecting your wishes when it comes to sexual intercourse, you have the right to refuse to continue, even if you had previously consented to sex." She also pulled out a male alpha condom, rolling it down over her arm and showing the class.
"Rowena called him that when he chased after me in the forest. I kinda like it."
Cas sipped at the water until Dean returned, looking up as two college kids entered the kitchen. He was going to wave them off the punch, but he froze as he realized these were the two who had spiked the punch to begin with. "Uriel? Gordon? Dean said you spiked the punch."
noticed an uptick of lewd and inappropriate remarks made just within his earshot, and a number of alphas and betas would "accidentally" brush up against him throughout the day. Castiel hadn't even presented yet; how much harder was it on Gabriel, who had already had two heats and was a full-grown and
Charlie nodded before reaching into her lunch bag again, pulling out a small container filled with sliced strawberries, biting her lip before leaning around Dean. "Hey, Cas, you like these? My mom packed them and I'm not really in the mood for strawberries today."
Dean laughed, his tears fading as he finally relaxed, finally realized that he and Cas were safe and with their family again. Dean slowly released his tight hold on the seraph, pushing himself to his feet and pulling Cas up to stand beside him. The angel turned to face his friends, clearly unconcerned by his lack of shirt or the strange way his coat sat on his shoulders. The tips of his wings stuck out above the collar, but they were covered in black t-shirt bandages and the humans hadn't seen them at all. Cas looked at Gabriel, shrinking away from the sudden flash of pity in those golden eyes.
"You'll be able to soon," Adam promised. "My scent's already coming in, so my rut won't be far off. Mom says I smell like ginger with a citrusy overlay, which honestly is going to be a nice change from my brothers' heavier spices. That is, if you can smell me over Dean."
The younger wolf shook his head, glancing at his side.
Kevin grabbed a controller and pulled up the games installed on the console, navigating to his current favorite and nudging Charlie. "What about this one, my queen?"
of it. The hunter never noticed when something was wrong; why should today be the first time?
Balthazar's iridescent white fur almost camouflaged him against the fresh snowfall, his tail wagging at the thought of a long, bracing run through the forest. Of the four Celestial omegas, he had always been the most comfortable outdoors, and he had recovered well from their frantic escape from Celestial lands. Dean glanced down as Cas appeared by his side, the raven-haired man clad in a loose cream top and light woolen pants, only a thin vest protecting him from the winter chill. He smiled at Dean before stepping forward, reaching out to embrace his twin and bury his face in the fur around his neck.
Max and Alicia glanced up at Rowena, but the older witch just shook her head, indicating that they should just accept Charlie's strange half-prophecies and move on. Until her bond as the new speaker was complete, she would continue to see partial paths and obfuscated futures, so it was truly not worth trying to decipher her words. Max would remember them, though, of that he was quite sure.
"He said that you should start being yourself."
Dean shrugged. "Even after you and Sam cured me, I could feel the Mark of Cain still trying to take over and I thought it would be better for you, safer, if I suppressed my feelings. I'm really good at repression."
Jack placed his backpack on the couch and checked his clothes for any grime or mess from the day’s hunt, waiting patiently as Cas stripped down to his boxers and slipped into the borrowed jeans.  Thankfully, he and Dean were the same height, since Sam’s pants would never have fit him, though the tshirt was slightly larger than Cas needed.  The flannel fit relatively well, Jack admiring the color as Cas finished the look with Dean’s extra leather jacket.  The hunter had learned long ago to carry a relatively large wardrobe on his hunts, especially when they were chasing messy monsters like vampires and werewolves.
"I know. But I did enjoy parts of it. I'd never . . . I'd never done that before."
The three messengers never questioned how Mshindi had known their secret, even though two of them had been wingless when the Nomad departed his lands. The shamans in the south seemed to be just as powerful as the psychics and seers in the north, so it made perfect sense that one of them had seen their wings.
Cas nodded, struggling to keep his breathing steady. "I thought about how I let you down. You were right about Naomi and Metatron, and the angels fell because I didn't listen."
"Waves crashing on the lake shore. Birds calling . . . voices? I think I hear voices."
“You consider us part of your pack? Not just visitors, but members?”
Dean glanced at the clock on his bedside table, clenching his fingers in his blankets before throwing them back. "Well, I'm not gonna be ready to get up for some time yet, so you're welcome to stay but you'd better at least pretend to sleep."
They watched as the Ambulance pulled up into the car pool loop, a handful of teachers already helping to clear those cars out. Word of the attack had already spread through the faculty, and the ones who knew Cas were watching the group of teens nervously, hoping that the boy was alright. Metatron huffed his way onto the green, Abaddon stopping him at the tree before he could reach the group. "What are you doing, Miss Sands? Get out of my way!"
“If you lay a hand on him again, I swear—”
"Looked like omega space to me. You got awfully compliant all of a sudden, and you were so quiet after I growled at you."
Dean didn't speak during the entire ride home, staring at Khan's neck as the big black stallion plodded slowly down the road. Mary shifted the reins to one hand and ran her other one down her eldest son's arm, but the omega didn't respond. She hoped that her mate would have more luck with the boy.
chamber that led to the harem bathhouse. In the city, the large public bathhouses had separate sections for males and females, but since males were so rare in the prince's harem, there was not a separate section for them. "She's . . . bitter."
Balthazar shook his head, his blue eyes worried. "Not . . . not now. I have had them before . . . back in Celestial lands. I don't think it's the same cause, though. It wouldn't have lasted for almost two days if it was. I mean, I don't think it would."
Dean, who had given his lunch box to Sam to carry outside before meeting the omega at his locker, stepped away from Cas and crouched down, grinning as he nodded toward the door. The hallway was mostly empty as students filed into their classrooms or headed for lunch, so he and Cas had a clear shot to the outside doors. "Race me to the picnic tables."
"Ok," Cas whispered, relaxing against the alpha's chest. "Thank you."
Four wolves met him on the forest side of the lake, the calico-colored omega female in the lead carrying a bulky medical bag which she slipped out of as soon as she reached the brown alpha. Sam shifted back into human form and took Gabe from Benny, worried hazel eyes meeting calm, professional purple. The slender, dark-skinned omega exuded a calming jasmine-lavender scent, her entire demeanor encouraging tranquility. “What happened?”
Cas ate his meal in silence for a while, humming softly to himself. "I can ask my new merchant if he knows of any eligible bachelor nobles in Alexandria or Cyrenaica, I suppose. You've never looked south for partners."
"I won't, as long as you promise not to sleep. It's not a good idea when you get hit in the head like that." The EMTs moved the stretcher to the ambulance, Dean walking beside Cas while Missouri stayed behind with Gabe.
Sam and Gabe elicited a completely different response. Sam hadn't actually dated before, though he had spent time with a number of female omegas and betas, so for him to be actively dating a male omega, especially one older than him, was quite a shock to the single student body. Gabe was his usual exuberant self, though he noticed a distinct downturn in the number of alphas who were stupid enough to harass him between classes. Just the hint of Sam's sandalwood scent on his clothes pushed them away, and a well-placed growl from the alpha himself scared off the rest. One or two of them were dumb enough to test the strength of their new relationship, but they quickly learned the lesson that Sam had taught Fenrir, Narfi, and Slepnair.
Deanna Campbell plucked the small dragon free and held him up toward the monkey guardian, the statue sitting with one arm crossed over his knee. By now, Kevin was just holding tightly to the string of his gong and the tiny mallet, having no intention of using it until the ancestors could agree on something. "No, send the wisest!"
omegas
"Hello, son," Chuck greeted, warmth in his light blue eyes. "Sons," he amended, extending his glance to include the other two angels.
What the hell was going on in his mind?
"Dean, which story was it?"
when they were submitting to the man, but were happy to use
"It's a genetics term that isn't widely used in casual lexicon because the phenotype resulting from genotype AAOO is the same as from BBBB, but it means that you don't actually have beta genes at these loci, you're just overexpressing alpha and omega genes to the point where they cancel each other out. You have a stronger sense of smell than a normal beta, and your scent is unusually potent, two indicators of Prime status. Since you're a male, you may have the ability to go into a kind of pseudo-rut, whereas a female Beta Prime could have a pseudo-heat."
It was absolutely silent.
"I don't want Balthy's alpha," Alfie echoed, responding to his brother's use of his full name. "I don't want
"How do you know that? I've never had a genetic test done." Crowley reached over and ran a hand down Balthazar's arm, soothing the beta, somehow sensing that the teen was distressed.
Mary smiled and held out a hand, pulling her son into her arms for a brief hug. "I trust you, Dean. I know that you and your brothers are honorable, but I like these Novak pups and I don't want to see them hurt. They don't have a mother to look out for them, so I kinda feel responsible for them. You care about him, don't you, Dean?"
"In a heartbeat," Benny replied.
"I'm Claire."
"Why are you still a concubine, then, if they all got promoted out?"
The group headed back to the city, Jo sending Rowena the mental equivalent of an eye roll at the three Wilderness males waiting for them. The witch nodded in agreement, moving to stand in front of the three male omegas before crossing her arms over her chest and glaring.
every morning. It was barely time for breakfast; why were they being so ridiculously loud? He glanced at Claire, who had just finished braiding her hair, and nodded toward the door of their tent, flinging it open with a furious command on his lips.
"Good. Castiel deserves to be happy."
"Where did it come from?"
Balthazar nodded and followed Crowley back into the castle, his shoulder blades itching as if someone was watching him. He looked over his shoulder, but he didn't see anything other than a snow-covered garden, and he didn't smell any intruders, so he shrugged off the feeling.
John grinned as he left the bathroom, turning off the light behind him as he headed for the bed. "You remember when I did that alpha preening thing at your cousin's wedding? As soon as I took you on the dance floor and everyone was looking at you, I just wanted them all to know that someone as wonderful as you had chosen
pairing. Since the release of seasons four through eleven, a new pairing has taken over the fandom and makes up fully a third of fics on the two main websites."
"I'm just excited to finally see Balthy again. I didn't really get a chance to say goodbye to him before Rowena sent him to Spellbound lands. And then we're going back to your city and we're going to be mated. Dean, I've never been so happy."
The brown wolf nodded, growling softly to himself.
"Good work, gentleman," he mocked, the slightest hiss in his voice. "You've found the Hun army." Edgar and Gaines chuckled at that, both alphas certain that the Chinese posed them no threat. Unlike the Chinese, the Huns generally allowed all subgenders in their army, though Dick's closest advisors and the tribal leaders were all alphas.
"See you then." Cas pulled his hand back, breaking the link as he leaned back against Dean's chest. "He's okay. Crowley is taking care of him."
"Sorry, Kevin; you're the one who chose to sleep in the Head Alpha's bed. It's time to get to work. I have an early meeting with Donald and Maggie about the Equinox; are you coming?"
Dean pointed one finger at the angel, furrowing his brows.  “For hunting and FBI work, nothing, but I am not taking a holy tax accountant to a bar.  For once, it won’t kill you to blend in.”
"Yes, but all of his sons are brunettes. His hair is the middle shade among them."
"I don't know. It feels good, way better than I imagined and certainly better than I was told to expect." He glanced down at his belly and grinned, quickly wiping the tears from his eyes. "I never want to give this up. I don't know why I was so worried about being a concubine."
"Let her worry," Crowley rumbled as he and Balthazar joined the group. "Saves me the trouble. Ruby, did you talk about Mshindi?"
Cas turned his head slightly, taking in a quick lungful of Dean's scent, which he was beginning to learn could calm him no matter what. "You know, you say that, but I wouldn't be surprised if she whipped out a wedding planner right now and just inserted our names."
"Oops?"
"I don't know," Dean answered honestly. "I don't know what's going to happen. But, to be honest, two of Rowena's options kinda suck, so I'm going to try for the third."
"Are they going to be okay out there?"
Utter silence seized the crowd as they waited with baited breath for the Emperor to judge this omega boy who had killed the Hun leader. Metatron stood to one side behind Chuck with his brush raised, ready to record his master's orders in regards to the disobedient boy. "I have heard a great deal about you, Dean Winchester," Chuck began, his steady, wise voice carrying across the silent courtyard. Dean looked up at that, still holding his bow as he met the Emperor's eyes. "You stole your father's armor, ran away from home, impersonated a soldier, deceived your commanding officer, dishonored the Chinese Army, destroyed my palace," —at this point he did raise his voice, waving an arm at the fireworks pavilion that had been blown away and was still on fire, only part of what would have to be rebuilt— "and you have saved us all." He raised his hands to his chest and lowered them in a gesture of gratitude, his voice soft again and full of a gratitude he rarely needed to show.
"Alright, you got me there. How do you think I got stuck with this old miserable excuse for a trading partner in the first place? Found him in Judea about three decades ago and thought I could use a friend on the routes. He's alright, I suppose. Prince, that omega of yours is pretty sharp; I've never met one who is brave enough to talk before."
Cas shrugged at Dean's question. "I try to, everyone except April. They're all here because my mother wants them here or because someone wants to buy favor with Dad; they deserve a better life than being a slave to someone like me who isn't all that interested in sleeping with them."
Dean let out a sound halfway between a laugh and a sob, crashing his lips into Cas's to stop the flow of emotions swirling through his body. He had wanted to be gentle, to show the omega how much he cared, but clearly Cas wasn't interested in soft or slow, either. He wrapped his arms around Dean's neck, pulling him as close as possible and tilting his head in an effort to deepen the kiss. Dean dropped one hand to Cas's lower back, pulling the raven-haired man against his chest and groaning at the contact. He pressed their bodies together, chasing that electric feeling, slipping his hand under Cas's shirt and slowly moving lower.
"And the Council won't take that long," Maggie assured the boys. "We can arrange a ride home for all three of you, regardless of what is decided."
Staring at the boy kneeling in the snow, Cas could only see those brilliant jade eyes and smell that cinnamon and apple blossom scent that his childhood self had wanted to learn so badly. Recognizing his fate, Dean dropped his gaze and broke the spell, head hanging as he awaited the stroke of the sword. Cas raised the weapon, fully intending to follow through on his father's law and kill this treasonous omega, but all he could see was that tiny pup staring into his soul twenty years ago. Lowering his arm, Cas dropped the sword into the snow in front of Dean.
“Hungry? Balthazar is a better fisher wolf than I would have guessed.”
Akobel stood on a rise overlooking the southern mountains, one hand raised to block the glare from the morning sun on the last of the winter snow. "Looks passable."
"He shouldn't be in there if the scent is affecting him like this."
"Yeah. We've been courting for months . . . recently we kind of started experimenting with things that wouldn't trigger an incomplete mating bond, and some of those things gave me a taste of omega space. Dean never lets me stay long; I think he's worried that I'll get . . . lost?"
"They all saw my wings," Gabe whispered. "I don't even know how I flew across that lake, but I never bothered to fold them away when I got to the woods."
he had magic?"
Castiel was an angel, older than almost any being in the universe besides his remaining siblings, and he rarely allowed any emotion to show on his face or through his body language.  Despite his age and intense military training, his bright azure eyes widened in shock at the song Dean had chosen.  The hunter couldn’t meet his eyes, and Sam knew that he was afraid his emotions would overcome him if he looked at the angel.  Sam had rarely seen his brother so open, so willing to express his deepest feelings, and that tingle of near-clairvoyance sang in the back of his mind.
The omega snapped his teeth at the kiss Balthazar blew at him, but Dean could tell that he was secretly flattered. Crowley couldn't stomach most of the alphas in the school, and he was a bit too aggressive for any betas to be interested, but it looked like Balthazar might be a match for his temper and dominance. It was going to be an interesting year.
The omega, smallest of his family but still an inch taller than his sire, snapped his teeth, golden eyes darkening with an ire that omegas rarely showed. He was dressed in dark jeans with worn knees, a dark green shirt, and a heavy leather jacket, clothes that omegas rarely wore. Even his dark boots were heavy and
"Whose pup did you try to see? Certainly Gadreel's future posed you no problem."
"I'm glad you're okay. Cas, when I saw you go down, I feared the worst."
Dean chuckled and turned his gaze back to the sky, eyes tracking the black wolf who had started the dive-bombing exercises that he had suggested that morning. "Figures you'd be first."
"You're oddly sweet."
Cas spun around and stomped out of the tent, Dean reaching for him and calling his name. "Cas!" Metatron sneered and grabbed Dean's arm, the boy struggling to wrap the blanket around his waist as he was hauled bodily out of the tent and tossed onto the snow.
"How are you going to figure out who it is?"
"A suitable mate," John clarified. "One who will be happy with a big, strong, outspoken male omega to be his equal. I think you'll find that people in the Imperial City aren't as insistent on what Crowley would term 'omega norms' as we are here."
