He feels himself take another useless breath, his nonexistent heart beginning to race as connections begin to get made in his mind, fast as lightning, something an awful lot like
And Dean knows. He knows it won’t always be this easy. He knows that there are still things they have to discuss, age old aches and pains and hurts that need to be addressed. He knows that they have to talk, no matter how terrifying talking has always been to him.
He doesn’t quite know how they had gotten to this moment. He, uh. He thinks he kind of blacked out for a moment there, because one moment he was there and suddenly he is here. Cas is as still as a statue, the angel not even taking in the unneeded breaths he had always partaken in while on Earth. He doesn’t know what any of this means. Doesn’t know why Cas hasn’t just flown off again. Clearly, if he still felt the way he said he did... clearly, if he were still in lo- clearly, he would have said something by now. Clearly. So, he... well. Dean is used to disappointment by now. But he doesn’t know why Cas is still here. He wishes he knew why.
“I don’t know, Dean. Maybe because we’re two of the most emotionally constipated, utterly clueless beings this universe has ever seen?”
Cas nodded. Dean had come a long way in the past year, Cas knew. It had been difficult for him at first, to even speak of him father to him without getting angry or defensive. But after many months of friendship, Dean had finally felt comfortable enough around him to talk about his father and his childhood. In turn, Cas spoke of his own childhood. It had brought them much closer, and after a few more months of denial and panic, mostly on Dean’s part, Cas bit the bullet and just kissed Dean. He still remembered the panicked look in Dean’s eye before he kissed him back, fierce and passionate.
If there was one thing Cas appreciated about himself, it was that whenever something truly bad happened, he didn’t go mindless with panic. Instead, he channeled his fear into something productive, letting it clear his mind instead of clouding it.
“Yes. I, uh... suppose I am. Well, you’re in heaven now, so I guess you can better perceive my true self. I, uh. Thought that coming to you in this form would be easier, though. Familiar. I’ve not used Jimmy’s visage in... a long time. But it’s good to see you, Dean. I...” Cas trails off and clears his throat then, before looking awkwardly off to the side, breaking their endless staring contest. He doesn’t know if he should feel relieved or not.
Cas opens his eyes soon, coming down from his laughing fit and meets Dean’s gaze. Dean’s eyes flick up form Cas’ lips and he starts to blush as if getting caught doing something bad. Cas tries to even out his breathing from running around and he brings up a hand to Dean’s cheek to wipes off some mud, then slowly snakes it around to the back of Dean’s neck and starts to lean in. He pauses when he feels a light brush of Dean’s lips, pulls back a little and then goes back in, fully connecting their lips. Dean pushes into the kiss, running his hand up to Cas’ hair and pulls him closer.
"Hey, ground control to Major Tom." A feminine voice says, snapping him out of his daze. He blinks a few times, actually seeing what he's staring at now, and sees Meg looking at him smugly. "Was he really that good of a lay?"
“I just didn’t take into account actually falling for you,” It comes out as a whisper, but he knows the alpha heard him. There are unshed tears in Dean’s eyes, making his vision blurry. Fuck, why is he about to cry?
“You're not fine. I heard you dying all the way up in your room. Now go to bed before you get worse.”
“So she’s making a demand that we attend her wedding?” Dean asks, popping another kit kat in his mouth.
Do you see yourself getting in a relationship anytime soon, and what is the reason to not wanting to be with anyone right now?
Dean straightens up from supporting himself on the counter and looks back to see what the noise was Sam made, but instead, he makes eye contact. A small smile makes its way onto Dean's face. “Cas, when did-” He quickly turns his head and coughs a few more times in his elbow, the quick movement makes him stumble a bit but Cas steadies him. “When’d you get here?”
. And he didn't stop until I answered.” Gabriel groans over the phone. “Next time you want to get laid, tell Sam you two aren't coming back.”
Castiel clears his throat and licks his lips. “I have some homework that I need to do.” He sets the plate down and dries his hands, making his leave.
Dean scans the area, watching students, faculty, and staff alike walk around. All of them bundled up in their winter gear. Awhile goes by and nothing of importance happens, which isn’t a surprise. Then he sees a familiar head of dark brown hair. He smiles to himself seeing Cas. Even from this distance, he looks good with his cheeks flushed from the cold.
Sam takes it eagerly and shoves it into Dean's hands. "Thank you! Thank you so much." He then grabs Dean and speed walks to the stage because running is prohibited as he found out yesterday when he and Dean got too excited over something and security yelled at them. When they get to the stage the security man that yelled at them yesterday is standing there, he looks at them and Sam points to Dean. "He's a contestant."
A faint smile appears on Dean’s lips at that thought after a disgruntled moment. It’s Tuesday, meaning, Mishapocalypse is on tonight. Also meaning takeout, junk food, and relaxing in pajamas watching the new episode with his little brother.
He looks around his decrepit apartment and his chest tightens. He isn’t attached to it or anything, but it’s been his not-so-safe safe house for years. The place he’s going to be leaving for good and going to live with a random alpha he just met. An alpha that also happens to be in charge of a group of dangerous criminals.
Dean meets his eyes, watching as the light from the window reflects off them, turning them different shades of blue. Dean takes a breath, captivated. He’s never been this close to Cas and been able to appreciate him like this. He never would have allowed himself before today.
The door opens and Sam lumbers in. He looks like he’s been running his hands through his hair, making it stick up.
Sam rolls his eyes remembering why he doesn’t confide in Dean very often, and it probably would have been best if he kept the Jess thing to himself. Telling him only gave him more fuel to tease him about. “Forget it Dean. I have a paper to write.” Sam pushes off the counter and heads up the steps to his room.
"Oh, he'll be more than upset if he finds out." Sam gives her a small, reassuring smile. "So we just have to make damn sure he doesn't find out."
Cas gestures for Dean to follow, and he takes them to the elevator. When they are inside, Cas presses the button for the lobby. When the doors close them in, Dean's tail swishes a little faster and his heart jumps when he sees how high they are.
“Aw, thank you Dean.” She puts a hand on his arm and walks past him with a wink. “Have fun watching Mishapocalypse tonight.”
He doesn’t know where or when it happened, but it did. The jealousy wasn’t from the mating, it was from himself.
Cas tears his eyes from the soccer players over to Dean and sees he’s trying to look relaxed for Cas’ sake, but he can tell he really wants to play. Cas forces himself to gather the courage to not care how bad he looks playing the sport as long as he can see Dean having a good time. “But I’m willing to try.”
He tried to forget about it so he can be professional, but he met his favorite actor. That isn’t easily forgotten, and really he doesn’t want to forget it.
“Oh my god…” He whispers to himself as he runs his hands down his face. He never thought he would be thinking this, but he is so happy about having that little spat with Sam right about now.
Dean feels weird taking it, but if he’s going to be Cas’ mate, then it’s probably for the best he takes it, right? Dean thins his lips and his tail twitches, not sure he likes it, but he’ll take it.
Dean and Sam both sit there for a minute. Dean’s face scrunches, mind reeling as he says, “Who is Dimitri? And what is Adrianne’s role in all this?” He keeps his eyes on the screen of the tv for a moment waiting on Sam to respond, but the longer the silence drags on Dean realizes Sam isn’t going to answer. Dean arches a brow and glances over to Sam. “Sammy, you good?”
Dean freezes, realizing he was just rubbing himself into Cas’ scent. He thins his lips, not sitting up yet. It’s a natural reaction, Cas is his mate. He’s been letting his newly mated instincts take over. Deep down, he knows it isn't just the mating. He sighs, rolling onto his back. Maybe he should reel them back.
“Hey, sweetheart.” His eyes scan over him and he gently brushes his finger over Castiel’s cheek. Castiel smiles, closing his eyes and leaning into his touch. It makes Dean chuckle. “Someone’s extra affectionate when they’re ‘slightly inebriated’.”
Meg bursts into laughter, catching him off guard. “Book bonging,” she continues laughing. “I never thought about turning it into a verb. Thanks, gorgeous. It’s just something Clarence and I used to do as children. We’d smoke and talk shit. We’re obviously not going to smoke with you being pregnant, but I just wanted to spend some time and talk to you. See how you’re adjusting.”
He resolutely ignores his thoughts and looks out the expansive windows. The view out the floor to ceiling windows is breathtaking. He feels like he’s gaping, but he doesn’t bother trying to correct himself. The living room is overlooking a large river and off to the side is some park that would undoubtedly be vibrant in Spring. It must look gorgeous.
“Okay,” Gabriel says mulling over what Sam has just said. “What makes you think he's into guys now?”
Sam rolls his eyes, a faint smile forming, and huffs. “I knew I should have come down.” The smile fades away and he looks him over with large puppy eyes. “Are you alright?”
Castiel licks his lips subconsciously and looks away, unable to hold Dean’s gaze. “And what would you suggest we do for that hour if I stayed?” He looks back when he sees Dean flash him a toothy smile that would bring God himself to his knees.
"Hey," Dean says back and curls his tail around his leg. He doesn't want it to give away how nervous he is right now.
"Dad also fucked over his taste buds when he was a teenager." After this, Dean turns his attention back to Cas, who is still looking way too much like sex for his own good. Like, seriously! He typically has sex hair, but group it together with that rumpled suit and he is practically radiating it. Stopping himself from thinking any further on that subject, Dean shifts gears. "So, Cas, what first?"
Dean is reluctant to follow this pompous man, but he does after a minute’s contemplation. He has his knife if he tries anything, not that a knife will get him too far in a gunfight, but it makes him feel a little better. He seems to hate Dean already without Dean having even done anything. Does he know Dean is potentially going to be mated to his boss? Probably. That just leaves the question of, is he jealous, or does he not trust Dean?
“It was that new addiction phase, okay. Everyone looked up pictures of their favorite show when they get addicted to it in the beginning.” He argues, probably a little too defensively.
Dean barks a sharp laugh and places a hand over his heart when they get to the living room. “Oh! I’m shot! How could you attack a man’s age like that?” His green eyes sparkle with youthful mirth when he looks at him and the smile he’s beaming at him makes him look no older than twenty-eight. He takes a seat in one of the chairs next to the couch so Castiel takes the couch.
That is until another jump scare comes on and Cas jumps and grabs Dean’s knee in a kung-fu grip. Dean can’t help but smile, but repressing the chuckle is a different story. He bites his bottom lip trying to stop it, and finally, the urge to laugh is squashed, but the smile won’t leave his face.
“I see you’re as stubborn as ever,” Castiel says, and the alpha, which he hadn’t even known his name until now, scoffs. Castiel hums, leaning back against the table of torturing tools and opens the manila folder. “Bartholomew.”
“Meg will be doing regular check-ups on you from now on.” Cas drops his hand and Dean nods. “I am going to speak with Gadreel. I would like you to take a bath and go to sleep. I would also like you to stop wearing the neutralizers.” Dean opens his mouth to say something, but Cas continues before he can. “We need to let the Bratva know you’re pregnant. Sooner rather than later. Nobody needs to know he isn’t mine. He will be born as a cat half-breed, so nobody will suspect anything.”
Dean looks at his brother exasperatedly. “Sammy, I’ve got nothing good to wear.” Dean holds up a sweater. “I can’t believe you ever let me leave the house with this monstrosity on.” Dean throws it on the ground picking up another shirt. “And this looks like it’s been through a war.” Throws it on the ground as well and picks up a bunch of other shirts. “They’re all plaid and band-tees! I can’t wear that on a date!”
“Hey,” Dean gives a mock hurt look. “it was a long time ago.” They all grab their plates and make their way into the dining room taking their seats.
Gabriel stops walking and turns to the brothers, motioning back behind him. "And this is where we get our food."
That was one hell of a game, but I'm afraid it is time for me to leave. Have a great rest of con, try not to miss me too much!" He waves as he puts an arm around Dean leading him off stage, and he hands off the mic to the person going out on stage.
The man wasn’t particularly special, at first glance. Just another face amongst countless faces. But once one spent time observing this particular individual, they’d see little idiosyncrasies that made him stand out.
Silence engulfed them, as Dean looked at him with wide eyes, obviously not having expected him to say anything like that. As the minutes passed, Cas started to wonder if he had messed up; if he should try and backtrack when he felt arms wrap around him, a heavy weight pressing against his shoulder. Hesitantly, Cas wrapped his arms around Dean, letting him take whatever it was he needed.
It’s then that Dean realizes that Sam doesn’t know. And he smiles, knowing that he gets to be the one to share the news.
He looks over at his brother, sees the furrow in his brow, the confused frown that makes him look so much like a puppy. And for a minute, he’s a teenager again, ruffling his little (back when he actually was little) brother’s hair, cracking a crude joke about some odd girl he’d spent the night with, Sam’s confused look quickly turning disgusted. It only lasts a second (or maybe a decade, who knows), but it feels good to remember it, for once. Not tinged with even a hint of sadness. It’s incredible.
“H-Heya, Cas,” he somehow manages to get out, throat so tight he knows that if he were alive, he’d soon not be anymore. He feels more than hears the laughter, the energy pulsating around him, engulfing him completely. He doesn’t feel the rain, doesn’t hear the thunder, doesn’t notice anything at all, really. Only Cas.
The broken sound of Cas’s words is cut off by an even more broken sound that comes from him. Dean can’t even begin to explain what the sound is, other than it’s something like a cross between a broken bagpipe and a dying weasel. He thinks, if things were normal, it would have been a laugh. It doesn’t feel like a laugh.
He felt immense relief when he finally spotted his brother’s coffee shop, thoroughly regretting his decision to not own a car. As it was a Sunday, he knew that Gabriel would not be there until at least 11, determined to get the most out of his “day of rest”.  As he took the keys to the shop out of his trench coat’s pocket, he saw a person waiting out front, hunched over with cold.
The shaking intensifies and Dean doesn’t know how long they stand there pressed together, the brothers reunited at long last. For once, it doesn’t make him uncomfortable to show such affection. It seems his fear at showing emotions and affection had faded with his pain and rage. Finally.
“Man, it’s nice to get away sometimes, you know what I mean? Being surrounded by loved ones sure is nice and all, but sometimes quality time alone is what I truly need to be happy. Just me, myself, and I, standing before an endless lake, skipping stones like a pro. Yep. This is the unlife, here,” Dean remarks, whistling a jaunty tune as he tries to push down the ache that threatens to consume him. He grabs another stone and lines up to skip it along the glassy lake.
“But no. Not long after that, he came. Jack. I have vague recollections of this time, but what I didn’t know I learned later on from Jack. Apparently, the Empty was pissed, since it was still awake even though it had taken me, and Jack made a deal with it. He’d use his power to put it back to sleep, for good this time, if it gave him, well. Me. The Empty wasn’t happy, but after contemplating the offer, it decided that it would. No strings attached this time. Jack severed my connection to the Empty, let the Empty finally rest, and, well... that was that. I was out again.”
“Believe what you fucking want. Because I’m done. I’m fucking... I’m done. So just go if that’s what you want. Leave me here and I’ll find a way to move on, like I always have done. But don’t you dare try and tell me what I feel. Don’t you dare try and take this from me, not now. Not after all the pain this has caused. I could have had any girl, you know. Up here. I could have had my fucking pick. But I didn’t. I didn’t. I couldn’t. So, go, if that’s what you fucking want. But don’t... just... don’t.”
He’s not happy. Not really. Not at all, sometimes. The novelty of peace and tranquility had run out ages ago and all he has left is an endless future ahead of him, and an aching hole inside of him. Being with Sam and the others does bring him some semblance of joy, but this gaping hole... it just keeps getting bigger and bigger and he wonders what will happen the day it consumes him entirely. What happens to a soul that is rejected so fiercely by the heaven it resides in? It’s funny that the one person he could ask that question to, the only being who could give him an answer, is the exact one causing the feeling in the first place. Isn’t the world so funny?
“I don’t need anything Cas. You’ve already given me more than you can know.” Dean replied with a small blush, smiling softly.
) again, centuries in which he’d imagined this meeting, the way it would go and what he would say, and this is how it goes. Funny. So very, very funny.
“See, one of the angels’ main jobs over the millennia was to watch over Heaven, to keep it running efficiently. When Jack came to me with his plans to rearrange Heaven, he knew that someone would have to watch over the place while he turned his focus to the world. He entrusted this task to me, Dean. He, with Amara’s help, created some new angels to assist me with my duty, but it wasn’t quite enough. I’ve been spending these last couple of centuries doing everything I can to keep this place up and running, welcoming new souls, and sending them to their own corner of this new dominion. I’ve... I’ve been busy, and I guess without you and Sam, time has begun to slip away from me, and it, well, it’s all-“
“Glad to see you finally made it, Bro. Thought you’d gotten lost or something.” A too familiar voice said to his left. Cas turned and glared mildly at his brother.
While it doesn’t feel like it, he knows somehow instinctively that decades have passed before he finally stops Baby at the bridge. It is a nondescript bridge, but it feels familiar somehow. It holds a power to it, a special aura that resonates deep within him. And he knows without knowing that when he turns, he will see a face that is more familiar to him than his own, at this point. And he smiles, truly smiles, as the last piece of his Heaven slots into place.
And as he looks over at Cas, as his green eyes meet liquid blue, as bright and shining as a summer’s day, he knows what he wants. He’s always known what he wants. The problem isn’t about knowing what he wants, but about admitting it and allowing himself to want it. He’s never allowed himself to just… want it.
Eventually, the brothers pull away, Sam’s eyes shining while Dean beams, not turning away from the emotion he sees and feels. There’s no more running. Not now. Not ever again.
But as he finally pulls back from his refuge from the world, as he looks into warm, summer blue eyes, as he feels finally, finally complete... he knows it doesn’t matter. They will face it, together, like they always have done before. Him and Cas. Cas and him. The dynamic duo that beat all the odds and still came out on top. Pun intended.
He knows that time passes as they exist in this plane, can even feel it when he stops to think, but it doesn’t fill him with any sense of anxiety. Not at first. He has nowhere else to be, nothing else to do. He’s allowed to just exist and be. It’s almost overwhelming, at times, just how content he is. Like he’s waiting for the other shoe to drop, even though he logically knows it won’t. This is heaven. A heaven that Jack created for them all, a final blessing bestowed on humanity by a far kinder and merciful God than they’ve ever had before. This is real. It’s here to stay.
Ignoring the pang that thought gives him, he puts all his attention on his dearest and closest friend, the angel nodding slowly.
And it’s not bad. It isn’t, honest. He is happy, he is content. He has his friends, his family; Sam, his parents, Bobby, Charlie, Ben, Lisa, Jo, Ellen, countless others, hundreds of others, everyone he’s ever lost or gained or failed, all of them around him constantly and...
Dean grinned at this, a brief flash of teeth that warmed Cas’s heart, even though it was gone a second later.
In the end, it’s almost anticlimactic to turn around and see a face that is so familiar to him that it doesn’t feel like infinity has passed since he saw that face last. The eons between then and now melt away and suddenly, he’s human again, staring across the space that has always been too much and too little at the exact same time. He can almost pretend he can feel the chill autumn air cause a shiver to run down his spine, even though the cold doesn’t exist in this timeless place.
It is there that he lies to himself like he always does, telling himself that he hadn’t fled because he’d seen Sam and his wife holding hands in a field of flowers, whispering soft words to one another, their love still strong even after death. He also pretends that he doesn’t notice how much harder it gets to contain the empty feeling when he sees the couples that he is constantly surrounded by look so in love with one another, so happy and at peace. It’s easier to pretend, after all.
“It’s getting late. I’ll drive you home?” Dean asked. Cas nodded, and stood up. As they left the shop, Dean hesitantly took Cas’s hand and they walked the few feet to the Impala. Cas looked over at Dean as he buckled up, and knew that no matter what happened in the future, they would be able to get through it. Together.
He begins talking to empty air again, to fill the silence that is deafening him, like he always does these days (not days, whatever). And if he addresses anyone in particular while talking, well, he ignores that too. He’s gotten good at ignoring the feelings that shouldn’t exist in the perfect heaven.
Eventually, the pair will get up. Eventually, they will put their clothes back on, hands struggling as they fight the desire to take them back off again for the hundredth time. Eventually they will head back to Baby, get into her rumbling warmth (resist the urge to make love in her backseat, which they will fail at only a little), and drive back to the corner of Heaven he shares with his brother and the ones he loves.
, Dean. When Jack, when he came to me and asked how to fix H-Heaven, I told him- this. I told him this, because I knew that you- that you would- it was for you, Dean. All of it, it’s all been for you. And I thought... I thought... Dean, I-“
And as the sound echoes in the still air around them, as he feels the tears want to fall again, his hands coming up to gouge out the eyes he wishes he never had, he finally lets go. The last little bit he was holding on to, the last holdout, the last struggling remains of his self-constraint, and suddenly... suddenly, anything is possible. And as he finally,
Well, there’s nothing for it but to go back in for round two, his heart so full and light that he can finally, finally see how this place is Heaven. It finally feels like it, now.
It’s as he sinks down to his knees, breathing heaving, unnecessary breaths that he can’t quite shake the need to take, that he feels something change. Something shift. Something... well. Something.
It’s a feeling that lingers within him as eternity drags on, waxing and waning in intensity and ferocity seemingly at random, but always ever present, under his skin, growing and growing each time it appears, vanishing for shorter and shorter periods of not-time. Like an itch he cannot scratch, a wound that he keeps on scraping the scab off of. Slowly but surely it grows and grows and grows. And, eventually, not even the drives can help him escape the sensation. The empty yearning for something he can’t even put to words. He knows his family and friends notice it, Charlie and Jo giving him soft, almost pitying looks when they think he’s not looking. Sam giving him those soft, baby brown puppy dog eyes, the look haunting him even in death. Even his dad notices, the once gruff and expressionless man shooting him concerned glances every so often, asking him if he’s alright.
Castiel nods, the faintest flicker of disappointment flashes across his eyes when Dean smiles widely. “Yes, you will be able to meet her with the silver ticket. I can get the ticket for you if you’d like.”
Gabriel's brow arches hearing that. He thought they were talking about Dean. “We’re talking about Cassie?”
Dean looks to his right, where he has to go to get back to the hotel, then back to Cas' eyes. They appear dark because it's night outside, but Dean is still able to see some blue because of the nearby streetlamp. "Well," Dean sighs rubbing the back of his neck. "Looks like this is where we part ways."
Yes, there always seems to be something floating around. People are very dedicated to find something out about me that they didn’t already know.
Closing the door, he unlatches it and opens it again. The man is still standing there, looking as annoyed as before. Well, this guy is a real peach. Dean wants to say as much too, but he bites his tongue. If he wants to accept Castiel on his offer, he has to be the ‘perfect omega.’ That means even in front of the Bratva.
Dean takes a moment to think it over. He definitely feels more attached to Cas now, but that’s normal. Mating makes it so you’re more in-tune with how they’re feeling. That’s probably why Cas just asked if he was okay, he was just feeling a lot at that moment. He thumbs the photo.
Dean nods. "Don't get me wrong, I'd love to meet Jess, but damn those tickets are fucking expensive."
Charlie simply hums, a smug smile on her face as if she can see right through Dean. “Whatever you say, big boy. Whatever. You. Say.”
Dean lets out a shaky breath, trying to shake the memory. “He sold the house, didn’t tell me where he was going, said he wanted nothing more to do with me. If you sent any packages, he threw them away because I never got them. I’ve been living alone in Vinegar Hill for years now.”
Sam laughs a little, but it isn't from humor, it has a bitter aftertaste. “That doesn't surprise me. Dean doesn't talk much about our father, our dad was especially rough on him."
He clears his throat and speaks to get his mind off it. “So, do I need to go kick my kid brother’s ass outta bed?”
Dean pulls him into a bruising kiss before whispering, “I’m gonna take you apart the next time we’re alone.” The promise searing into his skin, sealed by a kiss Dean plants a moment later where the words are spoken.
"Okay, and that's why you have to work fast." Dean stares into his eyes and sees the nerves building up. Dean nods setting his silverware down. "Okay, here," Dean pats the table with his hands and turns his body to face his brother. "Practice what you're going to say to Jess on me."
Dean whistles teasingly in relief. “Good, I don’t know what I would have told the doctor when I had to take you to the emergency room.” Dean looked back at the time and sees now would be a good time to head over to Gabe’s Cafe and see if he left the papers there. He slaps his brother on the back with a smile. “While you ponder over what you’re going to say to Jess when you meet, I’m gonna skedaddle over to Gabe’s Cafe to see if I left my papers there.” Dean walks over to the door grabbing his keys. “I’ll be back in a bit, want me to pick up dinner to celebrate? Y’know, I’m gonna surprise you, so don’t go eating anything.” Dean points an accusing finger at his brother who gives him a small smile. “I mean it. No food. I’ll be back in twenty.” And with that, Dean leaves.
Dean and Sam both make their way into the warehouse, following Gabriel. Once inside, and their eyes are adjusted from the light outside, they look around and see people swarming every which way. People with headsets on, others holding clipboards and papers, people in suits, people in casual wear. It's organized chaos, and Dean is loving it.
“Don’t you dare, Winchester!” He lunges at her and she runs to the door. “Good luck, Sam. Bye, Dean!” She quickly runs out the door before Dean can catch her in his muddy grasp. Dean starts to laugh and he turns to Sam who’s shaking his head with a smile. That’s when Dean sneezes.
“See?” Dean smirks, feeling triumphant. Cas only smiles and Dean knows he’s indulging him. “So what’s up, you look like you have something you want to say.”
With all five of his siblings in Michael's kitchen, it sounds like a circus. Its Sunday dinner, which only means one thing. Dean is going to meet all his brothers. Yes, he's already met two, but those aren't the two he's worried about. Michael and Luke are the ones Castiel is nervous about Dean meeting his brothers.
“Well… we are kind of in the middle of nowhere, buddy.  Do you think you can make it to the next gas station?”
“Don’t worry about it, Cas.  Everyone’s got to do it sometimes.  It can even be fun,” Dean added with a smirk and Sam rolled his eyes.
“Oh.  I think I have heard a joke in reference to men masturbating in the shower.  It was on one of those old shows that I saw on Netflix.”
That’s all it took. A little innocent teasing from Dean mixed with both of their competitive natures and voila! They’ve got a full blown volume contest on their hands.
Their movements become erratic; the piss beginning to cool on their skin, but neither notices as the heat of their friction together stirs them on. Castiel makes a strangled cry and Dean looks down to watch as his cock explodes across his stomach and fist. Not a moment later, Dean is joining him as his pleasure crests and his cock pulses against Cas’.
Dean licks along Cas’s shaft a few more times before brings his lips over the tip and running his tongue around the head.  This earns him another of those strangled squeaks out of Cas’s throat.  When Dean brings his mouth down to encompass his cock, Cas’s hands and legs shoot up around him to hold him as if he had been punched in the gut.
Dean smirks at his stubbornness, but goes back to concentrating on cleaning his guns. After another twenty minutes Dean was starting to feel his limit slowly start to creep up on him. He was about to suggest to Cas that they start preparing for the end of this little competition when Cas suddenly jumps up from his seat across the table and quickly makes his way to bunker’s bathroom. He had one hand at the front of his sweatpants and the other gripped the measuring bowl he had picked out when they set the game in motion.
"There's no doubt this is going to exceed all expectations." Dean grabs his utensils as well and cuts into the piece of meat, and when he takes a bite, the taste is beyond what he expected. By far the best steak he's ever had. He can't stop the quiet moan from escaping him as he savors the taste. He looks up and sees Cas a little shocked by Dean's moan and Dean laughs. "Sorry, It's just really fucking good."
Realizing his thoughts, Dean quickly corrects himself and gives a smile, that hopefully doesn't look as stupid as it feels, and a small nod of his head.
As Dean stumbles onto the stage and quickly collects himself, head turning to the crowd and hesitating for a second. And in that second, Cas can see the nerves building up in Dean. It makes Cas want to walk out there and try to comfort him and tell him that it's going to be fine, but he can't. It would draw too much attention to the man if Cas singled him out like that, and Dean said he didn't want anything like that. So Cas restrains himself, telling himself Dean will be fine.
Dean's eyes widen. "No way, really?" When Sam nods Dean beams a smile at him. "See, I told you she'd be thrilled to see you again." Dean scoffs looking back to the stage with a teasing roll of his eyes muttering, "Worried she wouldn't like you."
Sam turns his famous bitch face to Dean, who holds his hands up in defense with a laugh. "Dean, this is big for her. This is big for anyone who comes out."
Dean clears his throat, shifting on the couch, his ears twitching at all the subtle noises. Castiel’s eyes dart up to him.
“Ahh, Cassie, great to see you again.” He isn’t looking at Castiel when he says this. His eyes are glued to Dean. “And who is this ruggishly handsome lad staring at my highly inebriated baby brother?”
She gawks at him, ignoring the little bits of spilled coffee on her desk. “Oh. My. Goddesses. You got laid!” She whispers excitedly, brimming with unbridled energy.
Castiel arches a brow, but decides to let it go. “Fine, but I feel I have to re-inform you I am perfectly happy with my life how it is now.”
“I always do,” Dean says, setting the weapon on the table before looking at the other items in the box. There are only two other things. A phone and his keys to his bike. Dean pulls them out and looks at Cas. “My bike is fixed?”
As if on queue, Dean’s stomach growls. “I could eat.” Cas smiles and takes the tray of food and walks over to the bed, gently placing it on Dean’s lap. “Is Meg okay?” Dean asks, moving his IV so it wouldn’t catch.
Inside the room, it feels lifeless, void of the warmth that the rest of the penthouse seems to exude. Something tells Dean that Cas never comes into these rooms. He throws his duffle on the bed and walks to a window. The curtains are closed so Dean opens them, flooding the room with natural light. It helps add some life to the place, that’s for sure. Looking out the window, he watches the tiny cars and people going about their daily lives. Look at them, going around like they don’t have a care in the world.
Castiel holds out his hand for the folder Balthazar is holding, and the beta hands it over. Once he has it, he turns from Balthazar and goes into the room, closing the door behind him and leaving the beta in the hall alone to call Inias. Inias may mainly be monitoring the elevator, but he’s one of Castiel’s best men and an old friend. He’s very good at stealth, and Castiel thinks the alpha will appreciate getting out on a job again.
A smile gradually grows on her face until she is practically a lighthouse. “Get out! No way! Oh my god, Dean!” She repeatedly smacks him on the arm lightly, bouncing where she sits. Dean smiles at her and she collects herself, turning to face him, ready for the gossip. “Okay, Winchester, give me all the deets. Leave nothing out. Was he just as attractive in person as on TV?” Dean arches a brow at that question since she made it very clear that she isn’t into men. She sees this and rolls her eyes. “I may only be into girls, but I can appreciate attractive men.”
The doorman sees them approaching and opens the large glass door. His name tag says his name is Ion. Weird name, but so is Balthazar and Castiel. Ion is staring at Dean longer than Dean would like and it's making the hairs on the back of his neck stand. What is with these people and staring? Is there something on him?
Dean is now laying on his bed in his and Sam's hotel room, staring at the ceiling content. Sam is resting on his own bed, back against the wall and laptop sitting on his lap, fingers typing away at its keys. Dean rolls over on his side and stares at his little brother, waiting for him to notice. When he does, Sam furrows his brows at him in confusion.
“Here,” Cas’ voice sounds from behind him making him spin around. Cas is holding out clothes for the brothers. “They should fit. I had a pair of Michael's old clothes that should fit you, Sam.
This might actually be a great time to talk to Dean about what Gabriel had asked of him. Thinking about bringing that topic up, though, starts a storm of the butterflies in Cas' stomach. He absolutely hates lying, and he hates it even more because it's to Dean. If Dean finds out about him lying and going behind his back, will he not want to be his friend any longer? Cas relationship with Dean could be put on the line seeing it isn't as sturdy as Gabriel, Charlie, and Sam's are with him. They only just met, and where the others are used to pulling stunts like this on Dean, Cas might not be able to get away with it.
Dean has to admit, the blonde is attractive, and her flirting is appreciated, but for reasons other than most would think. If it weren't for her flirting, Dean wouldn't have anything else to focus on besides Cas leaning back in a black leather chair getting pampered and cleaned up, and Dean would most likely be drooling. They would have to ask him to leave, and that would make him sad.
Dean nods and tries to remain calm. What is his family like? Cas isn’t anything like Dean thought he would be, so maybe Dean should go into this with an open mind … for the most part. These people are part of the Russian Mafia, after all. One can never be too careful. Just because Cas isn’t like the usual mob boss, doesn’t mean his family is going to be the same.
Castiel shakes his head. “Not much, I had a …” He has to think about what his first drink was for a moment. “Oh, a Bloody Mary, a White Russian- did you know I’m part Russian?”
“Dean,” Dean says and takes the beta’s offered hand, a little stunned this man works for a crime boss.
Castiel stops washing the plate and looks up, his heart is in his throat. They stare at each other for what feels like an eternity. You could hear a pin drop. What does he say to that? He wanted his brothers to be supportive of his first boyfriend. “I don’t … I really like him.”
“Why?” Dean pouts, brows furrowing like he truly can’t comprehend the answer. Castiel simply arches a brow. “If this is about Sammy, I’ll kick him out.”
“Perhaps I should ask your mate,” Castiel says like he’s talking to himself. “I’ll go to her, of course, since she’s eight months pregnant.” Bartholomew’s eyes are wide with fear and rage as Castiel opens the file to casually scan it again, not that he actually needs to. He has the file memorized. “Which is very impressive. You’ve kept this hidden from your leader for so long. I know Alistair takes every child born into his pack, so I would imagine he would be quite angry to find you’ve been hiding this for so long. It almost looks like,” Castiel closes the file with a snap, “you were planning on betraying him and running away.”
He continues to drink after each swallow Dean takes, but his face is starting to show the slight strain he feels.  Cas covertly brings down his hand and pushes the heal of his palm into his crotch, feeling his slightly swollen cock and getting the briefest relief from the pressure building up.
Dean was finally distracted from his ridiculous thoughts when Cas asked another question, “So, if all humans pee in the shower, but none of them admit it… are there other things they all do but no one talks about?”
The next morning the boys rolled out to make the day long trek back to the bunker, each with their new giant water bottles making the journey with them.
Sam heads straight for the toilet, lifting the seat before his hands go to his jeans, quickly opening the button and pulling down the zipper before thrusting his hand into his boxers to fish out his cock that is fit to burst at any second.
That’s when the reality that he has no idea what he is doing hits Cas like a ton of bricks.  He doesn’t know how to touch Dean or turn him on.  Cas just figured out how to touch himself two weeks ago, and it is still slow going.  He starts to sweat in a mild panic until he looks up at Dean’s face and remembers what Dean told him.
“Why do you say, ‘not right now, of course’?”  Dean didn’t have to see the air quotes to know they were there.
Cas moans into his mouth and reaches between them to find Dean’s achingly hard cock and lines it up with his own.
“Oh.  Well, actually… I mean most people will never admit this, but as your guru to all things human, I’ll just tell you anyway.  You see, most people just pee in the shower so they don’t have to get out because it saves time and washes away, no problem.”
“Maybe, but everyone feels that way.  It’s best not to over think it, especially in our line of work.  If something makes you happy and you’re not hurting anyone else, then go for it.”
The two men begin to pant, quickening their pace.  Cas looks up to catch Dean’s gaze and lets out a moan.  His pleasure ramps up and he places his free hand against the tree to help hold himself up against his weakening knees.
“Yes!  Dean… Dean!” Cas shouts as Dean laps at his balls and continues to pump his fist over his swollen and glistening cock.  He pulls one into his mouth and sucks gently and he is pretty sure Cas is dying up there from the noises he is making.
As the last of the shampoo is rinsed from Dean’s hair, Dean leans in to give Cas a few firm, closed-mouth kisses.  Cas seems more relaxed than he ever has been touching Dean so intimately.  Dean plays on his instincts when he pulls away to give Cas his next request.
Castiel groans as he starts to release his own piss, letting if flow out over Dean’s stomach. It reaches higher towards Dean’s pectorals as his stream intensifies.
Dean lets out a groan and leans his head back as his dick twitches and pushes out shot after shot of hot, white cum.  Cas gasps as his orgasm punches through his pelvis and his cock erupts against the trunk of their sodden tree.
The three men rush into the room one after the other. Dean and Cas toss the bags onto the beds as they all make their way into the cramped bathroom.
Cas could feel Dean looking at him and lifts his gaze up to meet his eyes without lifting his face from this book.  They hadn’t had much opportunity to talk since their kiss and the encounter in the woods.  There had been a few more kisses, snuck in when Sam was not around, but nothing more… yet.
Cas watched Dean thoughtfully, following his lead of drinking water quickly to fill up. He grabbed a book from the library and joined Dean in the kitchen to keep an eye on him while they waited for the ultimate show down.
“I want you – ,” Dean begins to explain, being interrupted with kisses. “ – to lower your trunks… and I’ll lower mine… and then we can let go against each other – “
“We can definitely do that,” Dean says with quiet enthusiasm and squeezes Cas’s hands before he lets it go.
As they continue to drink in tandem for the next twenty minutes, Cas wonders if Dean is playing a trick on him.  While Cas is just beginning to sweat from the strain of holding back the impending flood, Dean seems to be completely unaffected.  Cas stares at him, abandoning his façade of book reading.  Dean just continues to smile and sip from his bottle.
“Of course.  And as far as when to masturbate, I mean, the bunker has plenty of privacy, so just do what you got to do.  And when we are all on the road, the shower is usually my go-to.”
“Of course, Cas.  Anytime.” Oh God, what was he saying?  Dean heard the water in the other stall shut off and the curtain pull back.  He shut off his own water as well and grabbed his towel to wrap around his waist before taking a deep breath and stepping out to face Castiel.
“Well, that depends on your definition of ‘alright’, I guess,” Dean huffs with a dry laugh as he hands over a glass to Cas. Cas cocks his head to the side and his eyebrows stich together. “I, uh… well. Sammy is home.”
Cas moves his hands back to grip Dean’s ass, causing a surprised gasp. “I’m going to open you up,” Cas squeezes Dean’s cheeks more firmly, “and fuck you.”
“Cas, can I…” Dean didn’t finish his question, because as soon as Cas heard his name he looked up and saw Dean leaning over to him along the bench seat.  Cas’s eyes darted down to Dean’s lips before he too leaned forward and they met in the middle.  The kiss was chaste and gentle.  Just a meeting of lips, yet it made both men’s pulses quicken.  Dean moved one of his hands up to cup the back of Cas’s head, pulling him a little closer.  Dean tilted his head slightly to slot Cas’s bottom lip between his and sucked it lightly.  Cas let out a quiet whimper and Dean pulled back to look at him.
“Yes. Unhhh.  Yes, Cas.  Keep going.  Show me,” Dean moans desperately, struggling to keep his eyes open and on Cas’s pleasure tortured face.
Now, with Sam gone and more privacy than Dean could have ever imagined, he knew that one way to get things moving in the right direction is to take the lead.  He had done that in the bathroom the last time he and Cas played their little holding game and it had ended up great.  Maybe instead of waiting for Cas to ask for what he wants, he should show Cas what he can do and see if he likes it.  Because, man, did Dean want to show Cas sooo many things.
“Alright, the way I see it, we got two options. Either we make a quick call on the order of who gets to use the bathroom, or ...”
“It’s just, hearing the water is making me feel like I need to urinate and it’s too distracting to ignore.  I’m just getting out to take care of it.”
Dean keeps his eyes closed, but his eyebrows raise and a smirk comes across his face. “Oh you do, now? Please tell me about these plans,” Dean rumbles as he lets Cas work the washcloth over his shoulders.
“Yes, it is one of mine too. I – I sometimes think about it when I’m touching myself on my own,” Cas confesses as he continues to let his thick cock drain into the bowl, the stream showing no signs of letting up yet.
Cas took notice of Dean once he was kneeling, and let out a gorgeous moan. “Dean, oh, it’s so much,” he panted out as he opened his eyes briefly to look at Dean.
“I… I guess.”  Cas turned his face out the window in the backseat and pressed his legs together.  Dean had to feel a little sympathy for the guy.  They had all been drinking plenty of water and Dean could feel the urge to piss as well.  Dean wondered if Cas was struggling more because he wasn’t as familiar with his body as a human.  He wasn’t as used to its sensations and limitations.  Dean looked back through the rearview mirror at Cas and saw the look of concentration deepen as each minute passed with no gas station or anything else coming into view.
Cas is watching Dean’s face now, beginning to stroke the last of his piss out of his hard cock carefully into the bowl. He licks his lips before he says, “You know what else I like to think about? I like to think about what the rest of your body tastes like.”
Dean unbuckles his belt and opens the fly of his jeans.  Dean is starting to reach into his underwear before Cas realizes he should probably be doing the same.  He quickly catches up and pulls his cock free from his slacks.
Cas just watches for a second or two before his own dick is inspired to join in.  As soon as his stream starts Cas is so happy he asked to do this.  Watching Dean’s cock spray against the rough wood of the tree trunk while he gets to feel his own relief drain out of him is amazingly satisfying and arousing.  Their streams splash and soak down the trunk as they both watch the flow from the other’s cock gush out of the tip.  Cas wishes that they had waited until he felt more desperate, but maybe they can try that next time.  For now, he is just enjoying the sight of Dean emptying himself against a tree in the woods.  As Cas’s stream weakens, he feels his cock begin to thicken.  He watches Dean finish, but not put his cock away.  Instead he begins to lightly stroke the shaft from the base to just under the head.  It could be to get out the last few drops, but Cas can see Dean’s cock is also starting to grow, and it causes his own excitement to intensify.
Sam, Dean, and the newly human Castiel were all feeling the effects of their poor diet, long days (and nights), and near constant travel.  One night, in some crummy motel on the outskirts of some crummy town in some crummy state in the middle of nowhere, Sam clears his throat and drops his catch phrase, "So, get this..."
“Certainly better than most of the plans I make,” Cas answers and Dean lets out a gruff laugh into his shoulder.
It wasn’t until they were about one hour out from the bunker that their newly found habit of staying hydrated showed its first drawback.
“Hey,” Dean answers as he reaches behind Cas to turn on the water for them.  “Would it be okay if I helped get you clean?”
“Good.  I’m going to take care of you,” Dean says softly as he turns off the water and steps away from Cas to grab his towel and dry off.
Their breathing becomes slow and measured. Dean lets his eyes droop as he wills his muscles to relax. His erection starts to fade slightly as he feels his bladder begin to ease and release.
While Dean pisses on into the urinal next to him, Cas shakes the last few drops from the tip of his quickly hardening cock and turns to face Dean.  Cas gazes at Dean’s spraying dick through hooded eyes and begins stroking his own.
Cas grasps Dean’s cock and Dean places his hand back over Cas’s, squeezing to get the pressure just right.
Cas takes a deep breath and then takes his cock in hand.  He aims for the pale skin just above Dean’s cock and tries to relax the muscles in his body to be able to let go.  It seems silly that this task is somehow more difficult than the other times he has pissed in front of Dean, but for some reason he is struggling to release his bladder.  He and Dean had made sure to drink plenty of water in preparation for this, but now Cas is desperate and yet still waiting to find relief.
“Okay.  But, Dean, where should I be touching myself exactly?  Should I touch just the shaft, or the just the top?  When do the testicles come in?”
Once the strength returns to their legs, Dean helps Cas remove the rest of his clothes and they enjoy a quick shower together to clean themselves and the evidence of Cas’ huge load of piss.
Cas knew it was such a silly competition, not really indicative of any particularly useful advantage or skill. But Cas could see the twinkle in Dean’s eye when they were arguing about it. It was meant to be fun, meant to be a little secret they shared, to build their relationship on not just drama and serious peril, but also pleasure and merriment.
The stream was definitely weaker, but still flowing and Dean couldn’t stop himself from taking in the image next to him.  Cas still had his head thrown back, neck exposed.  His eyes were lightly closed and his mouth slightly open as he almost panted with relief.  His thick cock held loosely in his hand.  Dean could easily imagine what other scenarios might put Cas in the same state, but that only exasperated the issue making his jeans tight and uncomfortable.
“Shit, now your making me go,” Dean relents as his own stream escapes his body.  “Oh fuck, it feels so good, I couldn’t hold it in.”
Fuck!  Dean’s brain is filled with the sight.  Cas’s wet, slick cock head.  Cas stroking over his wet, slick cock head.  Cas leaning back against the tile wall, head thrown back, neck taught, hand moving quickly over velvet hardness.  It’s all too much and Dean is panting as his hand flies over his own throbbing dick.
“I like to start with slow, steady strokes up and down the shaft, not really touching the head every time.  Maybe just once every third or fourth stroke.  It is nice to build up slowly.  It makes the release better.  As my, ahhhh, cock gets warmed up, I like to grip it a little firmer and move a little faster.  Ohhh.”
As Dean lets out the first trickles of piss, Castiel’s head snaps forward to watch as his stream gains strength. The warm liquid hits Dean’s stomach and thin rivets meander down his torso. Dean leaves Cas’ hip to grip his own cock and aim his stream against Cas’ chest. His piss splashes against his skin and splatters down between them to pool on Dean’s pelvis.
“Okay.  So, first thing you want to do, I guess, is picture something or someone in your head that turns you on.  Doesn’t really matter what it is.  Just whatever gets you feeling, umm… hard.”
Dean can’t help but picture Cas in the stall next to him.  In the last few weeks he has seen Cas pissing a couple times and both were very memorable.  He can picture in his head Cas with his cock in his hand, his head tilted back, and the flow falling to mix with the water swirling down the drain.  Dean’s cock started to swell and he internally cursed himself for letting his mind wander and get him into such a predicament. Dean had no idea if Cas knew that the encounters they had had with his full bladder were, in some circles, considered erotic.  Dean knew all about the different circles out there.  The multitude of kinks that person could indulge in to get off.  Dean was a bit of an explorer and watersports was one he enjoyed, but kept very quiet.  It certainly wasn’t everyone’s cup of tea, and for most just the idea of it would turn them off.  If Cas had any idea about this, he would probably be behaving very differently.  But, then again, maybe he DID know and was doing this on purpose.  Now that was an interesting thought, but one Dean should probably put in the farfetched pile and forget about it.
“Well, I already told you about them yesterday…” Cas lets the statement hang in the air as he moves the washcloth over Dean’s arms. Dean takes in a quick breath before letting it out shakily when he realizes what Cas means.
Cas’ eyebrows shoot up to his hairline as his eyes go wide. “Oh. Did he – did talk to you about anything?”
The slow, steady rhythm feels luxurious and indulgent. Cas switches back and forth from watching Dean’s face as he moans and sighs, to watching his own cock disappear inside him. Cas feels his own need for release build, and he leans further forward and begins thrusting more quickly. Dean seems to appreciate the change as he lets out a louder moan and reaches up to stroke the sides of Cas’ face and run his fingers through his hair.
“Well, you were definitely in my head at the time.  Since I could hear you moaning and talking to me and all.”
Dean wondered if making poor Cas wait like this was just his dad’s old habits coming through.  Cause really, why couldn’t he just stop and let the guy pee?  It wasn’t like they were running late for anything, they had nowhere to be.  And it would be nice to get some relief for himself as well.
Later, while watching some movie that Cas was only half paying attention to (it is quite distracting to have Dean pressed and wrapped around you on a bed) Cas finally gets up the courage to bring up his research.
“Doesn’t really matter, just get yourself some relief, man,” Dean says, patting Cas on the shoulder and stepping a couple feet over to unzip his jeans in front of a tall shrub.  Sam had walked a little further into the trees and seemed to be taking care of business away from the crowd.  Sam was always a little more self-conscious about his body and its functions.  Dean, on the other hand was more comfortable letting his body do what it needed to do.
The sun filters down through the trees to gently warm Dean’s bare chest as he leans back on his hands on the picnic blanket, legs crossed at the ankle in front of him. He is gazing at Castiel as he clears away their empty plates and opens up another beer for each of them. The secluded lake-side spot had been a suggestion from Sam. Castiel took it as a thoughtful and encouraging suggestion, while Dean knew it was probably made out of self-preservation so Sam could avoid the discomfort of overhearing Dean and Cas again. Either way, Dean was happy to be embracing his alone time with Cas.
“I think we can agree that this was a win all around,” Dean chuckles as he pulls Cas in close by his hips and kisses him.
“This already feels so much better… than what I was trying before,” Cas managed to say between drawn out sighs.
“So, Cas.  As it feels better you can try different speed and pressure.  But, umm, I was just thinking that it’s a little hard, uh I mean, difficult to explain this from just memory.  Would it be really weird if I, uh… participated over here as well?”
As Dean makes his way to the kitchen in his dead-guy robe he feels the blood drain from his face when he finds his brother sitting at the table, removing headphones from his ears and putting them back into the bag by his feet.
Cas allows himself a few more minutes of slow lapping and sucking over Dean’s cock before he pulls off with a pop and looks back up at Dean’s face. His cheeks are red and there is sweat prickling at his hairline. Cas has always admired how beautiful Dean was, but he doesn’t think he has seen him quite this gorgeous before.
Castiel turns his attention back out to the apartment complex they are parked across from.  He feels a little frustrated being interrupted by the call.  He really felt like he was about to get some important information.  While Cas has been grateful for all the help Sam and especially Dean have offered him, he still finds adjusting to being human quite daunting and confusing.  He is starting to get a handle on the basic functions of his body and mind, but it is hard to tell what is normal and what is significant.  It has been particularly confusing to figure out the nuances of sex and relationships.  He feels lucky to have already spent so much time with the Winchesters because it gave him a leg-up on interacting with other humans in a casual capacity.  However, Cas is still trying to figure out the significance of what happened between him and Dean in the showers a couple weeks ago.
Just the sight of the urinals against the far wall makes Cas squeeze his legs together to fight off the imminent flood.  He isn’t sure how the game goes from here.  He is pretty certain that by retreating to the bathroom first he has lost, but maybe this isn’t where the game ends.  Is he supposed to wait for Dean?  And if so, how long could that take, because he is in desperate need of some relief.
Castiel feels his cock give a large jump, but he also feels his bladder give another sharp ache.  It is time to end this game and get to the good part, before Sam becomes suspicious and it is ruined.
“Of course Dean, tell me what you want,” Castiel smiles down at him in anticipation. Their hips still pressed together, erections still trapped between them.
“Dean!  Dean, I’m close, oh, I’m close,” Cas warns as he pushes himself up a bit to be able to look down and watch as Dean continues his ministrations.  Dean’s eyes turn up and they catch Cas’s gaze.  Dean gives him a wink and then he feels Cas’s cock thicken slightly in his hand as the first shot of cum hit his tongue.
Luckily, as Cas stands in the middle of the bathroom clutching his dick and contemplating his options, Dean walks in and locks the door behind him.  Dean catches Castiel’s eyes and quirks one of his brows up before pushing off the door and taking Cas’s face in his hands.  Their lips crash together and Cas is momentarily distracted from his desperation as his mouth moves over Dean’s.  Cas parts his lips to allow Dean’s tongue access and is rewarded with a gorgeous moan from his beautiful friend.  But Cas can only stay distracted for so long before his bladder brings him back out of the lust-filled fog.
Cas’s stream is still going steady, sliding over Dean’s cock in rivets.  He listens to it splattering to the tile floor of the shower stall in an uneven pattern as Dean continues his steady stroke going on his firm dick.  Cas can see Dean’s abs tensing up and hears a little whine escape his throat.  Suddenly the sound of the splatter increases and Cas tears his eyes away from Dean’s body to look down and see the start of another stream hitting the floor.
Dean figured if he drank quickly, he could fill up fast and wouldn’t have to suffer for too long full and bursting before he could measure his maximum volume. It was sort of like his strategy at a buffet; you gotta eat fast before you realize you’re too full. That way you get the most bang for your buck. He filled up his water bottle and started piling up his favorite guns on the kitchen table. He would need a distraction, and carefully cleaning each piece would do just fine.
“I want you to go towel off and meet me in my room.  Go lie on my bed and just close your eyes and relax.  Can you do that for me?” Dean asks, his mouth close to Cas’s ear, his cheek against the other man’s cheek.
Cas’s hand is flowing beautifully over his cock, bringing him right to the brink.  Cas brings his face up to Dean and their mouths meet in a wet and desperate kiss.  Dean pulls away as another wave of pleasure hits him.  Dean has his eyes closed, concentrating on the feeling, when he hears Cas whispering to himself just under his panting breath, “Come for me, Dean… Come for me, Dean… Come for me, Dean…”
“Let me take care of that.  But listen.  We never have to do anything you are uncomfortable with.  This is all new to you, so just take your time.  I’m good with whatever you are ready for.”
“Dammit, this is too much to watch,” Dean says to himself as his hands fly down to undo his own pants and he moves over to the urinal to the right of Cas.
Cas places the bar in his hand and Dean presses on his shoulder until he is facing the wall and Dean has a beautiful view of his taut back.  Dean leans in and gently runs his lips along Cas’s shoulders and the side of his neck.  He slowly and firmly moves the bar of soap along his back and his arms, working up a thin lather that makes Cas’s skin shiny and slick.  Cas seems to melt into him and Dean hooks his chin over his shoulder to watch as he runs the soap down Cas’s chest and stomach.  Cas leans his head back on Dean’s shoulder and lets his body go limp against the hunter’s strong hold.  Dean works the soap down around Cas’s manhood, careful not to give it too much attention too soon.  Dean definitely has a plan in mind for Cas, and he doesn’t want some wayward stroking in the shower to waylay those plans.
Dean perks up at that and leans forward to give Cas a quick kiss. “Yeah. We can make a lot more plans.”
“It’s just, I’ve been thinking a lot about the time we were in the motel about a month ago.  When I woke up and was desperate to… to urinate.  And you helped me and then you… you helped yourself too.”
Dean sits back and guides Cas over his hips to straddle his waist. Castiel lets out a contented huff of laughter as he settles in on Dean’s lap before leaning back down to kiss him again.
Being a human is undoubtedly tough to adjust to when one has witnessed the birth of the world and the formation of the seas.  To go from building the Grand Canyon to dealing with body odor and indigestion was nothing if not humbling.
As they towel off, Dean splashes water around in the sink to try to clear up the remnants of his own powerful piss. By the time they have redressed, Sam is back with their food and has seemed to have decided to never mention the bathroom incident again.
“Yes! Dean!” Cas cries as he lifts his pelvis to try to follow Dean’s retreating mouth.  Dean doesn’t make him suffer too long as he brings his tongue back to the base of Cas’s rigid dick and licks up the shaft again.  Cas lets out another moan and thrusts his hips up to meet Dean’s mouth and increase the pressure on his cock.
“Sure, hmm.  I’m just doing what I told you to do earlier.  I put some shampoo in my hand and now I’m… stroking the shaft and spreading it out.”
Dean brings his hand up to stroke Cas’s now wet shaft and he brings his mouth down further between Cas’s legs.
Dean’s entire body tenses up as his aching cock pulses thick ropes of cum over Dean’s stomach and t-shirt. He wouldn’t call the sound he made a scream, but it was close. Once he can breathe again, he leans forward and holds himself up over the bowl with one hand out in front of him, quietly panting, “Yes, yes, yes.”
“I… I like that you like to watch me.  I like to watch you, too,” Cas says, a little shy but still moving his hand over his stiff shaft and watching as Dean’s stream begins to weaken.  When Dean’s bladder is finally empty, his dick is already standing at full attention.
The motions have become familiar and Castiel finds comfort in the ease with which he and Dean can come together to give each other pleasure. They both thrust into Cas’ grip and their mouths don’t leave each other. As the pleasure intensifies the kisses turn into a simple panting against each other. Cas’ body tenses and he lets out a groan as his climax hits him. Dean’s own climax follows soon after with an immense sigh as he nuzzles his face into the side of Cas’ neck.
Dean tried to keep his voice steady, but who was he kidding?  He could hear Cas in the other stall moan and sigh like an echo to his own.  He can’t resist checking in on his newly human friend.  “How’s it going over there?”
Dean raises his eyebrows at Cas and gives him a wink.  Cas knits his brows together in confusion and watches as Dean brings his large water bottle up to his lips and takes a long, slow draw from it.  He sets it back down on the table and lifts his chin towards Cas’s own water bottle sitting near him.  Castiel isn’t entirely sure if he is reading the signals correctly, but he tentatively picks up his own bottle and takes a large gulp from it, all while keeping his eyes locked with Dean’s.  When he sets it back down, Dean gives him a minute nod and a smile.
“I don’t know. We will just figure it out when we get in there,” Dean says, furrowing his eyebrows together. He hadn’t thought that far ahead. How would they decide who gets to piss first? Would they let Cas because he is the least used to being human? Would he let Sam go because he is the youngest? Would he force his own way in, claiming seniority? Too bad they aren’t at the bunker where they have a wall of urinals and no waiting.
As soon as his cock is out of its confines, his stream is hitting the back wall of the urinal with enough force that Cas has to take a step back to prevent droplets from splashing back on himself.  His back is now flush against Dean’s chest and Cas is letting out a suppressed moan.  There really is no feeling quite like letting go when you are desperate for a piss.  Cas pants as his cock is spraying an endless stream of nearly clear piss into the porcelain white urinal.  He leans his head back while Dean squirms against him, whimpering a little into his ear as he rests his chin on Cas’s shoulder.  After about 10 seconds of uninterrupted gushing Cas feels Dean step back from him.
Cas’s release is stronger than he has ever felt from the other times he has used his own hand.  He shakes as his entire body convulses with pleasure and relief.  He forces his eyes back open when he hears a whine from Dean and watches as ropes of cum are deposited along Dean’s stomach.  Cas starts to feel weak and he collapses forward against Dean’s chest, letting his arm snake around the back of Dean’s neck.
Dean pulls Castiel down by the shoulders, pressing their bodies together as their cocks continue to pour out between them. The warmth and wetness spreads as they kiss and thrust together on the soon to be sodden blanket.
“I swear, Dean, I don’t care which place you stop at, just find somewhere quick!” Sam exclaims, clear strain in his voice.
Cas’s cock gives another strong twitch, “Dean…”  Cas had been trying to hold back until now.  He wanted to release all of his pent up piss over Dean before he gave in to his own pleasure, but this turn of events is too much for his resolve.  Cas uses his muscles to push his stream harder, making it gush over his lover’s body as he begins to stroke his own throbbing dick.  Cas’s eyes flick from one gorgeous sight to the next.  Dean’s face, with his mouth still slack, panting his breaths.  Dean’s hand stroking over his hard cock.  Dean’s stream, a torrent of yellow mixing with Cas’s own gushing flow as they expel their piss over the shower stall and each other in abandon.
“That sounds nice, Dean. And now we don’t have to wait for your brother to leave to make more plans together.
The bunker is a unique place to live, to say the least.  One of its many quirks is the locker-room style bathroom.  It has a large changing area with a couple benches, several toilet stalls, as well as a few shower stalls separated by tiled walls and blocked off by curtains.   With only three current inhabitants, the boys don’t often find the need to use the set up for its intended purpose.  Most of the time they can just avoid each other and use the large room individually.
“Yeah, that happens.  Don’t worry about it.  It will all wash away.  Piss is sterile anyway, so it won’t hurt you if some gets on you.”
Dean leaves Cas’s mouth and moves down to run kisses along his jaw, his throat, and lick lightly along his collarbone.  Dean kisses down the middle of Cas’s chest and then moves side ways to flatten his tongue against Cas’s right nipple.  Cas takes in a quick breath and his chest rises slightly to meet Dean’s warm, wet tongue.  Dean uses the tip of his tongue to flick the now tight bud of Cas’s nipple.  Cas’s arms tense at the sensation and a small squeak escapes his throat.  As Dean continues to circle and flick the flesh with his tongue, Cas sighs and squirms underneath him.  Dean smirks to himself, this is going perfectly as planned.
As Cas runs the washcloth down Dean’s back, he leans forward to whisper in his ear, “I want to make sure I get you nice and clean because I have plans for you after this.”
Dean pulls the Impala over next to a group of trees that separated two large fields.  Sam and Cas hop out and Dean makes his way around the car to join them at the side of the road.  Sam leads them down the small slope to the tree line.  Cas follows with a bit of a labored step and then stops short when they reach the trees.
Cas takes a calming breath and leans over to Dean’s ear to whisper, “I would like to try something.”
“Yeah, that’s the thing about it.  Everyone knows it happens, that’s why a sitcom can make a joke about it that everyone in the audience will get.  Yet, if you ask someone if they do it, it’s like there is an unwritten law that they have to lie and say, ‘no’, even though it is so common.  Humans have a LOT of hang ups about sex, and talking about it is definitely a hurdle.”
Dean reached into his jeans and pulled his cock out through his fly.  He opened his stance just a bit and rolled his shoulders back as he relaxed his muscles.  He hadn’t realized how desperate he really was until he felt the first few drops let loose to the strong stream that followed.  The piss rushed out of his cock down over the leaves of the bush in front of him.  He forgot for a second about Cas as he stared down at the impressive gushing stream coming out.  But he was soon very much aware of his friend a few feet away when he heard a strong moan followed by an immense sigh coming out of Cas as he tilted his head back and pushed his hips forward into his own powerful stream splashing onto the ground in front of his feet.
“I want to make you feel so good.  Like you did for me,” Cas says quietly as he starts to move his hand over Dean’s cock in earnest.
Dean wants to look back over his shoulder to watch what must be the glorious sight of Cas pissing all over the shower, but he doesn’t want Sam to catch on to their little fetish. Instead he focuses on keeping control of his own gushing stream as he begins to empty himself into the sink. He watches as his piss swirls around the back wall of the sink and twists its way to the drain. The feeling is almost euphoric as his piss cascades out of him in a rush. He pulls back his foreskin to reveal the shiny, red head of his cock, allowing the stream to flow unimpeded into the sink.
“I want to try a bit of watersports play with you, since we have the lake to wash off in right here,” Dean quirks his eyebrow and a small smirk tilts his lips.
Dean shudders as Cas’ hands dip along his hip bones. He puts the washcloth back on the hook before running his palms over the tops of Dean’s thighs. He can’t figure how he got so lucky, but he isn’t going to question it, only encourage it. “What are you going to do after you taste me, Cas?”
“Yes.  You see, I know that masturbation is usually a private thing, but I saw on a list online that something called “mutual masturbation” is a way to be intimate with a partner.  So, I wanted to know if what we did was considered… intimate… to you…” Cas looks nervously back and forth from Dean’s eyes to the dark dashboard of the car.
“When you were picturing something in your head to turn you on, did you ever picture… uhh, did you ever picture me?” Cas asks, not daring to meet his best friend’s eyes.
“This is wonderful, Dean.  But when do I get to finally urinate?  I need to so badly,” Cas ends with a whine, bending slightly at his waist.
“I like to think about what each part of you would feel like against my tongue. What sounds you would make when I used my mouth on your neck, your nipples… the head of your cock.”
After Dean lets Cas rinse off the soap, he massages shampoo into his hair before they switch roles and he lets a slightly hesitant, but very enamored Cas clean him slowly and thoroughly.  Although Cas has seemed nervous to touch Dean much, he seems to have taken his cues from what he just experienced and follows the same path with the soap around Dean’s body.  Dean is hoping that with a few more demonstrations, Cas’s follow-the-leader mentality will pay off.
Castiel remembers the day he saw the trucker out in public. He doesn’t remember attacking him, but he remembers Michael and Balthazar pulling him off a bloodied man lying unconscious in the street. He remembers his brothers fighting when they thought Castiel wasn’t able to hear them, fighting about him and what they were going to do. He remembers the psychiatric institution.
Dean’s heart jumps and he instinctively grabs Cas’ hand. Cas squeezes his hand back, his wing wrapping around his shoulders.
"Great," Gabriel claps his hands against the table, standing up with a smile. "You two talk out a plan, I, unfortunately, have to get back to work. Fill me in with the deets later." Sam nods to him while he turns away and leaves the two alone again.
“You tell me,” Dean chuckles. “The leader of the Russian mafia asks you to be his mate and you think it’ll all be flowers and rainbows? There’s been some bad things that happened, yeah, but it’s not as bad as I thought it would be.” Dean rubs the back of his neck. “I’m probably gonna eat my own words later, but right now it’s … it’s nice. I don’t have to constantly watch my back for Alistair or his goons, and I’m warm, I have food, and Cas is … not what I expected.”
Cas turns back around with a smile. “No, he’s out for a run. He said he’d be right back, he just didn’t want to mess up his running schedule.”
Sam groans rubbing his neck reaching for the remote to turn on the tv. “No. This paper is killing me and it’s due Friday.” Sam’s eyes glance at the papers next to Dean then smiles up at Dean. “I take it you haven’t finished your papers either?”
Castiel feels his face heat up again and he prays it isn’t showing. Taking a drink, he looks away and smiles. “Yes, well, you look very good for 40.”
The other end of the line is silent for a moment. “Of course it would be Gabriel,” Michael sighs. “Castiel, I don’t think you have time for such things as a relationship right now. You’re very busy with the show. It’s close to the finale, can’t this little … thing wait until after?”
He adds the silver ticket to his cart and hesitates for a moment. He doesn’t have enough for two silver, not even enough for a silver and bronze. Although that’s fine because Dean doesn’t need the photo ops and autographs, he will be content with simply being there to witness the magic with his brother. Sam, on the other hand, might be a little upset that Dean spent that much money on him, but it is his birthday so it’s okay. If it were up to Dean, and yes in a way it is, Dean would forgo his own ticket, but Sam wouldn’t have any of that. He would be pissed that Dean isn’t going because he knows how much Dean loves the show too, so not buying a ticket for himself is out of the question considering this is supposed to be a way to make Sam stop being angry at him in the first place.
Castiel pulls his bottom lip between his teeth for a second thinking about Dean. It felt like they had a moment when they were looking into each other’s eyes, but Castiel has to assume Dean only likes him as Misha considering Dean doesn’t really know him. But who is Castiel to say Dean even likes men in that way? Dean probably was just excited to meet Castiel because he is a fan, and Castiel was just projecting his own desires into Dean’s eyes.
Cas takes a sharp breath, his pupils dilating. He growls quietly, sliding his hand to the back of Dean’s neck and squeezing. He then drops his hand to Dean’s arm. “Why did you ask if I hated you?”
“Your pregnancy.” She tilts her head, and smirks. “From what I saw of you at the hospital, I have a feeling you’re still trying to do this on your own. Include him, trust me, he’ll be thrilled.”
After lunch ends the day seems to drag on longer than usual. All he wants to do is get home and give Sam the ticket. Nearing the end of his last period, he gets to hand back the papers he finally finished grading last night at the cafe.
Dammit, Cas, Dean is trying so damn hard to not have a damn crush on you. You can't go and do something like that!
“There are a couple different types of tickets. There are the normal admission where you won’t get to get autographs and you won’t get any photo ops. If you want to meet the actors then you would have to buy the silver ticket at least, but even then you won’t get to meet all the actors.”
“Morning,” Dean mumbles back. He eyes the coffee pot from where he stands in the dining room awkwardly, unsure what to do at this point.
Dean narrows his eyes not liking that smirk. “I know what you’re thinking, Charlie, so stop it now.”
Dean's world spins for a second realizing Castiel Novak just asked him to join him to a restaurant. As friends of course. Although are they close enough to be called friends, or are they more of growing acquaintances? Either way, Dean is all for spending more time with Cas.
“Cas,” Dean grunts, face scrunching and fingers tightening their hold in his hair, his breathing turning shallow and heavier. Knowing Dean is about to come, he redoubles his efforts. Warm come spurts into his mouth making him choke. He pulls off before Dean’s finished and swallows the come in his mouth before coughing, more come landing on his cheek.
Castiel thanks him, or at least he thinks he does. He slowly tilts to the side, and eventually his head rests on Dean’s shoulder. When that happens, he’s out within a few minutes, feeling really cozy.
Cas sees the sudden shift in Dean as he turns his head back, and it makes Cas squint his eyes and tilt his head in puzzlement, but he says nothing and slowly looks back to the other pictures. The two of them make their way around the room, Cas and Dean both sharing opinions on the decorations and the set itself. They eventually end up sitting on the couch and Dean throws an arm over the back, eyes cast out to the dark of the warehouse.
Dean watches Sam, as he takes a breath. “Dad … left, Sam. He didn’t tell me where he was going either.”
I want to thank everyone who has been reading, leaving kudos, and bookmarking this story, and a huge thanks for those who have taken the time to comment! It means a lot!
He can’t let him off that easy though, so he grabs his napkin and throws it towards him, as if that would actually do any harm. "You assholes." Michael shies away from the napkin and laughs more. Castiel shakes his head before joining in.
There are rooms all that Dean assumes are bedrooms. There is one more flight of stairs that looks to lead to a single room. It must be the master bedroom. Dean glances around and picks one of the rooms. It’s the furthest from the stairs.
Cas sits in his chair and Dean slowly comes around to the ones in front of his desk and sits. Neither of them say anything immediately, but the stench of blood is really getting to Dean and he’s starting to feel sick. He’s blaming it on the hormones. Smells have started bothering him recently, and the one place that has been perfect is here. Cas’ scent mixed with the plants, it’s perfect. But now it’s getting tainted with that blood and the lingering scent of fear from that alpha and it’s twisting his stomach. He puts a hand on his stomach.
Cas shoves back the shower curtain and decides there will be more room for them all if he just steps into the tub at the opposite end of the drain. He’s undoing his fly when sees Dean out of the corner of his eye. Dean has pulled his cock free and is standing with his hips flush to the counter top, aiming for the sink.
“Hey Cas. Uh… Sure, why not. Why change a good thing, huh?” Dean grinned, eyes bright with life. Cas couldn’t help but smile back, happy to see that light in his… friend’s? eye. He could recall with perfect clarity the days when that light was snuffed out, replaced with dark shadows of pain and strife. How he longed to know what made those eyes lose their shine, but was always too afraid to ask, never wanting to overstep his bounds.
“No, no, Cas.  I’m not mad at you.  I just… you surprised me and I wanted to make sure we could talk without me crashing Baby or something.”
Dean let’s out an agonized moan and grips is cock harder. Cas’ dick lets out the last few spurts of piss into the bowl and he straightens himself back up to watch Dean fall apart in front of him.
“That’s it Cas, keep going.  Love watching you stroke yourself.  Mmmm, fuck.” Dean groans as his pace quickens.
“It does, Dean. I didn’t know if I would make it. It was worse than when I woke up at the hotel with you and Sam had locked the bathroom door.” Cas had closed his eyes again, letting the relief wash over him in waves as his stream finally evened out and his piss came in a steady cascade into the bowl.
“It seems like you might have a few ideas.  It’s okay to tell me, Cas.  You can tell me anything and I won’t judge you.”
Castiel chuckles, but doesn’t lift himself up quite yet. Instead, he presses his mouth against the side of Dean’s neck, massaging kisses into the sensitive skin below his ear.
They had been wrapping up a standard haunting and were hoping to catch some sleep before the long trek home. That’s when their increased hydration plan made their need for a motel room that much more urgent.
Cas had been hard this whole time, and with watching Dean’s orgasm and now seeing the huge volume of piss gushing out of him, Dean doesn’t even finish before Cas is arching back and coming all over his own fist.
Cas takes more of the lube and spreads it over his cock. The feeling is more intense than ever, having ignored his own erection for so long. He positions himself between Dean’s open legs and lines up the tip of his cock. He rubs it against Dean before beginning the slow and steady push inside.
When the pangs started in his bladder, Dean was most of the way through reassembling his fourth gun. It wasn’t much yet, nothing he couldn’t handle. He was used to holding it for long periods of time, which was why he was sure that he would ultimately beat Cas in the end. He has spent years slowly expanding his capacity during long road trips. He figures he has a good half hour before he hits his limit.
It seems that Cas is not quite as patient as Dean, or maybe he is just embracing his newly found confidence when he finishes off his beer and puts the bottle to the side before leaning over into Dean’s space.
They both wore their swim trunks, intending on having some wet fun in the water, but Dean thinks they can have wet fun even before they get in the lake.
The last few dregs of piss spurt from the tip of Cas’ cock over Dean, but Castiel never stops thrusting into his grip. Once Dean is sure their bladders are both spent, he realigns their cocks and holds them both in his hand as Castiel continues to move against him.
