“Good morning, John.”
John ate it.
“Both. I don’t think anyone has ever entered the London Library at Saint James's Square manacled and accompanied by a representative of Scotland Yard. I had to go to the medicinal cupboard twice, once for smelling salts for Mrs. Penhollow and once for brandy for Miss Murphy.”
“You just like showing off.”
Sherlock thinks to himself what a wonderful way to end the night.
“Yeah. It makes me wet.”
“The party is about to start. Care to stay for a drink? This will melt even the Ice Man.” Lestrade patted a large jug of red liquid.
“Oh, yes. And I you, but Gregory…”
Just then, Mrs. Hudson entered with a large tray.
“Thank you,” said John as Sherlock cleaned him. “And I must say, without the pheromone muddle, that this was the best heat I’ve ever had. You’re extraordinary. Almost makes me sorry that I signed that waiver—the one that says Omega clients should have no contact with their Alpha studs outside of the Centre.”
Greg liked to call her ‘baby.’ Mycroft wouldn’t dream of it.
The model smirked and nodded as he put the cigarette between his lips.
“Sorry, Molly.”
Then the prick is gone. His hands are freed, then tied once more in front of him.
Title: Mischief
“Allow me.” Mycroft circled Sherlock tearing off what little remained of Sherlock’s shirt. He kept circling, his hand still on Sherlock’s chest, caressing nipples, arms, shoulder blades, then back to nipples.
John sighed and sank back against Sherlock and the stream came, strong and long. Sherlock’s hand massaged John, and Sherlock’s words, what exactly those words were John didn’t seem to understand, were soothing.
“Shove it down the wanker’s throat until he chokes and get on a plane! I need you here.”
Paris!
“I’d rather be here. I just couldn’t believe it was you.”
“Gives it to him good.”
“That’s an impressive service weapon, Officer.”
“Apologies accepted. I get it. You were scared.”
“Fuck, fuck, fuck!” Seb whispered.
“Then let’s begin. I want you to relax, John. Keep your eyes on this.” A pocket watch on a chain appeared, then began to swing back and forth.
“Yes, he is,” said Mycroft. “And I intend to keep him that way.”
“Well done.” Sherlock takes John’s hand as he stands and steps out of the trunk. He doesn’t need it, but he likes it. “I was…well…sentiment.” He casts a look of longing in the direction of the coat and the scarf.
“HARDER!”
Rating: Gen
But I had to sleep sometime. And just before sleep came, my traitorous mind always scampered off into patches of thorny brambles. Slipping into Watson’s mind like a nightmare. Or, perhaps, dare I think it, a welcome dream?
John stood speechless. Then he looked down at himself.
So many possibilities.
You are alchemy.
Molly’s slightly eager, slightly bashful expression didn’t change.
“Shall I pour another?” asked Holmes, reaching for the bottle.
“Oh, dear,” said Holmes.
“That’s certainly the impression I got from the invitation,” said John.
“Hey, no fighting,” said John. “But look here, Sherlock.”
“Watson.” He cut me off with a raised hand. “You will marry a fine woman someday and grow old with children and grandchildren surrounding you.”
“Not at any price.” He threw the missive into the fire and watched it burn. “Some correspondence does not deserve stabbing.”
“Are you certain that it wasn’t because I gave every appearance of a gullible, half-witted fool?”
“As earnest as your invitation appears to be, Detective Inspector, I have reason to believe your,” Mycroft coughed, “affection lies elsewhere.”
They looked at each other and wrinkled their noses.
At the door, I paused and whispered to the empty room,
“Beautiful spectacle,” I said. “Would you care to walk home?”
“I’m making some noise.”
Molly turned with a grim chuckle. “You could say that.”
I bid the boy ‘good night’ and shifted a well-wrapped gooseberry crumble under my arm. Fatigue and rain made the short walk from dog-cart to cottage door a rather long affair. Best laid plans, or so the poet Burns tells us. The joy of bringing another life safely into the world overwhelmed the bother of being wrenched out of quiet retirement, but my disappointment was not wholly a consequence of the frantic rap on the door and the call without of “Doctor!”
The now crimson-faced inspector spat, “Oh, yeah? What’s that?”
“Wow.”
Martha closed her eyes, opened her legs, and exhaled a cloud of smoke.
“Yeah, let me have a taste, then I suck you off.”
Sherlock snorted. “The night?”
Before it fills its belly good and proper’s more likely!
“Of course.”
“Ha! Oh, sometimes, Sebbie, I even outdo myself.”
“Oh, but it is, Watson!”
“The Yard may catch them yet, Holmes.”
Then the door opened.
Watson shrugged.
His expression garroted my statement.
The older, powerful ones. The shameless ones.
“Do you want to help?” teased John.
“Have decreased dramatically?” breathed Mycroft. “Yes, I shall ponder the possible reasons at a later moment, oh, fuck…”’
She looked over her shoulder and shot him a look. “I’m going to take one unaccompanied turn round this wonderful place to take in the flora, then I’ll meet you.”
Greg chuckled. “He’s sleeping.”
Seb watches the glass go to lips, lips he wants to kiss.
can tell because of these markings…”
“Don’t fancy a still life Holmes living directly across the street from the real life one?”
Mycroft shuddered and felt Lestrade’s grin tattooed on his skin.
The leaves rustle.
“You are Sherrinford H.!”
“There, there!”
My spirit yielded to temptation. My spirit surrendered to the desire to have my stalwart companion at my side as I stride into battle, no matter that the desire, the yielding will surely drive that companion—the best of all who bear such a name—directly and unnecessarily into harm’s way.
They can do this all night, just watch them.
When she finally pulled back, her own lips were wet and swollen.
“Internal injury from brawl.”
“And as humans go, I’m a hopeless romantic.”
Certainly nothing would be untoward in making a slight detour to wish a fellow civil servant the compliments of the season, would it? And it was official business, well, official, unofficial business, that had brought Mycroft to Scotland Yard, and with that business concluded, he was free to take advantage of a gap in his schedule.
I retrieved the card from where it’d fallen and heard the proverbial creak of a coffin lid, the ghost of a memory seeking to sojourn amongst the living for a spell.
is gin, egg white, rosewater, simple syrup, lemon juice, club soda, bitters.
Sherlock turned the box over. The opposite side read: MADE IN AMERICA.
Molly frowned and handed him the drink.
And then Mycroft was kissing John’s neck, but she didn’t want to play the game anymore, and neither did John, apparently, because she was shrugging out of the nightgown and straddling Mycroft.
“So it’s a centre or…”
John laughed. “You git.” Later, he would decide it was a mix of the urgency of his bladder, the nearness of Sherlock, the late hour, and his drunken state that prompted him to risk all by saying,
“I did hear you. I was ignoring you. Practicing custody of the eyes and ears.”
“I can’t rest, Doctor Watson. Bessie’s worse than I am. I had to send her home. There’s the washing-up from breakfast
“Nine. Well, boots, socks, and dog tags.”
“Detective Inspector Lestrade.”
“Good God.”
I bent my head and taste one tiny steam with the very tip of my tongue.
“Oh, there you are. You were gone too long. I drank your champagne.”
“I choose ‘or,’ John.”
I can’t speak for Holmes, but I didn’t spare a single thought more for the gentlemen downstairs.
And then the fox took to entering at his whim and resting beside Mycroft as he read before bed. He licked Mycroft’s jaw, and Mycroft stroked his head.
Sherlock harrumphed and bent to examine the body.
Jim snorted. “Boring.”
Holmes saw the lad in his dreams, his face a fresh two-and-twenty and his air of refinement and delicacy which he carried about him like a well-tailored cloak.
“Nevertheless, I have one thing more to give you. You may…well, we’ll just have to see, won’t we?”
“I can! I’ve been preparing myself with larger and larger sized plugs.”
For the LJ fan_flashworks prompt: rose.
He tried, she saw him try, but he just couldn’t stifle the boyish smile which broke across his face or the laugh. “Jesus Christ,” he muttered, the Irish lilt as thick as butter.
Prompt: Watson wants Holmes to take a restful holiday.
“One moment.” Mycroft returned with two glasses in hand. “Here.”
The first thing I noted about Holmes’ pumpkin was that it was oddly light for its size.
“Good idea. Well, thank you for the drink. I’ve got to be getting back.”
Silk Stockings is tequila, crème de cacao, grenadine syrup, light cream, and cinnamon.
The clerk retrieved a heavy ledger, dropped it upon the desk, and flipped to the final entry.
“Seventeen,” said John. “You need to learn to respect other people’s property.”
. Inspired by the
There's a lovely gifset of Mythea images that inspired this, but I can't find it now. I stole the 'it's always been you' line from that. I love my Anthea. I am so sad she didn't return for S4.
“I am very sorry about the eggs, Holmes.”
Former sister-in-law. Family of six.
Molly hummed and nodded. “Don’t stop.”
The door of the wardrobe that Sherlock and John use as winter storage is open. The Belstaff and the blue scarf are hanging from a hanger which is hooked to the top the door. Everything else, the boxes, the trunks, the chairs, the old frames, the settee covered in a white sheet remain untouched.
“You kept the dress,” observed Seb.
“Jim, Jim…”
Just then the room erupted into shouts and cheers. Sherlock scowled when a large fellow thumped him on the back.
The first: how I hate him.
It was Mycroft’s turn to pause and consider. “Yes,” he said finally. “And I’ll have you know I have a home theatre in my residence.”
“And onion,” he quipped.
Kate has been counting steps since her journey began. Counting helps to quash any hope of what she might or might not find in the cabin. She is simply following instructions.
“Come in.”
“Why does Toby always stare at us when we do it this way?”
“And…”
“Not offhand.” He raised his gaze. “But you do.”
“Baby, if I hadn’t just come, you’d be making me hard again. But, yeah, that sound perfect.  I’m going to see Sherlock about the case and try to get things wrapped up by tonight. You’re going to stay like this and be waiting for me in this and nothing else when I get home. Now, let’s put that bad little boy in jail.”
“Indeed.”
“How?”
“Did you see that, Watson?!”
“What?! How?!”
Then Mycroft pulled out completely.
Long Island Iced Tea is, in my humble experience, one of those drinks that goes down so smooth you really don't realize how drunk you are until it's too late. Probably because it's triple sec, rum, vodka, gin, tequila and Coke.
He begins with soft licks at Sherlock’s neck and shoulders and kisses to Sherlock’s hair. He begins with tender, gentle petting, and he ends there, too, if Sherlock grunts and rolls away from him.
“No disrespect to the bride, but I’ve got a Mimosa, a Bellini, and a Flamingo Piss Punch in the back of my closet that say otherwise.”
Author's Note: for the August prompt: hand utensils
“Dear God,” I breathed. The stool threatened to collapse with my trembling.
“All right.” Then, still looking at his mobile, Lestrade asked, “Would you be interested, that day in, uh, a meal? Before, I mean, the usual. Or a drink? Or even coffee?”
“It’s a lovely piece,” I observed.
“But it’s Stamford’s birthday! Stamford! You know, the one who introduced me to my tall, dark, and dreamy bond-mate! Honestly, I think she wants to leave, too. Her American cousins are a pack of marble-mouthed porcupines, if porcupines had horrible taste in liquor.”
What a ridiculous thought! Almost ridiculous as chasing one’s swindling estate manager through the woods and trapping him in a very steep hole.
“Would you like that Sherlock? Keep you just like this. Well, not
That was not John. That was Sherlock. And Sherlock never, ever swore, not even during heat.
When Mycroft’s cock was fully sheathed inside John, John pulled off Sherlock and licked, then bit, a glitter-painted thigh.
“It’s Halloween. A pathetic excuse to put the norms of society—”
Seb’s tongue, his mouth, his lips, but
for the DW Holmes Minor 2020 August monthly prompt. Another of my 'favourite things to write about.' Sussex Retirement 'verse.
This is a continuation of the previous chapter, Winter Rose. It is also inspired by the DW fffc Advent Calendar Day 10
As I pass back through the hidden door, I itch and burn. My skin, my whole being feels constricting, confining.
“Sherlock Holmes, you are the bee’s knees.”
Jim’s reply was a garbled noise around the barrel of the twin of the gun in his cunt. The stain of drool on the pillow beneath his mouth grew larger.
Title: Big Game
“Bully!”
“Indeed. I never envy Doctor Watson’s lot, but I am relieved as it halves mine. Might I offer you a ride, Detective Inspector?”
Holmes whimpered as I set in.
Sherlock nodded, but he didn’t stop his examination, not when John opened his trousers and eased his half-hard prick out, not when John spit on his hand and curled his fingers ‘round the shaft, not when John’s stroking brought about his release.
“Drugs?”
As he thrust, he cracked one eye. A shadow in her woolly jumper, which had been hung over a low branch, moved. He tucked her head into the crook of his neck on the other side and batted it.
Cake lover's should check out the recipe (and fic) by Diane Duane of
“You want me sweaty, boss?”
Sherlock eyed the clock on the wall. “Perhaps my brother.”
Please believe me to be, my dear fellow, apologetically and very sincerely and evermore,
“Well, so do I!”
“You’re welcome. Next week, same day, same time?”
Holmes emerged from his burrow deliciously disheveled.
But what is he going to do about it?
“Agency protocol prohibits fraternisation between clients and employees for a six-month period after the termination of a contract,” said Lestrade bluntly.
“No one will disturb us, Mister Holmes, even if you put a bullet in the top of my skull on the second floor of a posh gentleman’s Turkish bath.”
“You look amazing.”
“I bet they will.”
“Prep you? Mount you? Fuck you?” asked John softly as he thrust between Sherlock’s cheeks.
“Or perhaps I should practise my Kiss of Life?”
“You spoil me,” said Sherlock by way of reply. “Mycroft, can I take it out and play with it?”
“Martha, is that wise? Letting a new girl beat the rugs?”
Where was her cane?
“You could have anyone
The instant between question and reply was an instant too long. The Detective Inspector was rescinding his offer, with a slight pinking of his otherwise unmarred countenance.
“Well, I’m in love with you, too!”
“Send them as I’ve indicated. There’ll be, at most, the delay of a day. And they will be helpful, regardless.”
“Detective Inspector?” said the fish in Lane 1.
“Sherlock, you aren’t pregnant.”
“…when you lick my nipples…”
They eased the completed puzzle onto one of Mrs. Hudson’s largest baking sheets and set it aside to have supper.
“Extraordinary. Amazing. Fantastic.”
Really, like everything else, Sherlock was a bloody genius at getting John hard.
The capture of Colonel Moran had been thrilling enough, but this case had put Holmes and I at the centre of a century-old mystery, whose features of interest included antique treasure and modern day pirates.
“All right, let’s get you hitched up to this sleigh good and proper, Mister Reindeer.”
He marched into his bedroom and—
Let me say privately, however, that your product has my full support. Upon quick, efficient, and, tangentially, unobserved, installation in the lumber room of my residence, I used it for no less than hour a day for seven days and, and here I am quoting from the draft advertisement that accompanied the device, did ‘derive benefit from the stimulating action of the saddle’ and find that ‘the same muscles are brought into play as when riding.’ And thus, I must congratulate you on your truth in advertising that is so rare these days.
, Lestrade thought.
A trojan horse is (news to me) Guinness and Coke.
Over-the-top. It had all the signs of…
Seb grinned, “They’ve got a 3D printer and a charming lady named Phyllis who knows how to use it and isn’t above teaching someone else how to use it.”
Title: Bathsheba
Mrs. Hudson (witch), Bessie the housemaid (apprentice witch)
“Some days it’s a bit difficult to believe that you two are a ruthless pair of criminals,” said Molly, panting.
And then he’s in Seb’s python arms and being held to Seb’s chet. Their legs are tangled together, and Seb is nuzzling him and making noises, half-hum, half-grunt.
Moriarty's plan backfires. Dub-con for mistletoe sex pollen made them do it. Silly crack. Johnlock. Mystrade. Mormor. Mrs. Hudson/Fireman.
“Is lovely.”
“You are very kind.”
He saw that dawn was breaking. Just as I did.
“Work is the best antidote to, well, everything that is not work. Good-bye, Watson. Perhaps we’ll meet again.”
Summary: Sometimes, the devil's in the dirt. Mrs. Hudson & Mrs. Turner battle their arch nemesis with some help from Mrs. Beeton.
“It’s okay,” reassured John. “Knowing you’re not carrying our pups and yet feeling that you are. It’s very strange. There’s a kind of war inside me.”
“Esme’s instincts were very good,” said Holmes.
My rake is like a swinging scythe.
“We have solved every interesting crime in Britain.”
“Goodness!”
The interesting thing about "Two Guns" Miller [a very complicated drink included two kinds of tequila, vermouth, something called 'mole bitters' and something called 'Giffard Pamplemousse' which can't really be a thing, can it?] is that it is supposed to be garnished with a smoking cinnamon stick tied to the outside of the glass like a gun in a holster.
“I know we usually have our training sessions in the lumber room, and I confess I am much more comfortable sharing the wisdom of the ancients amongst our jars and bones. But, if you think about it, we have jars and bones here, too.”
“You first.”
“A-A-A-RGH!”
“Open your mouth, Sherlock.”
“OH!”
John picked up the bee and laid it beside a prone Sherlock, saying softly, “I’m leaving behind a friend to keep you company while I make tea. If you don’t want him, just throw him down, and he won’t come back.”
The heat of Sherlock’s scrutiny warmed John; he stared, twisting and curling like a strange puppet, but made no attempt to touch.
John grunted and then groaned, then came.
“Hello sexy, I’ve missed you.”
“I don’t.”
The stupid one was a detective, an honest-to-God detective. The smart one was a bit cagey about what he did. Judging by the address and the suit and the security and the weapons on the wall, John figured the fellow was M.
“I don’t need a lot of time.” Mycroft sashayed to the bed and threw a pillow down on the floor at Lestrade’s feet.
A black magic is black vodka, grenadine, lemon-lime soda, and a cherry.
He cocked a hip and blew a kiss at John below.
“Of course, I’d lick from ankle to the back of your knees and spend some time tickling you.”
The puff of smoke grew darker and, well, puffier. “Fuck, are you a moron, too?!”
the October DW Holmes Minor prompt: smiling.
“Reality?” he ejaculated.
“Adam and Eve.”
221b x 2. Watson grows impatient with his garden. Gen. Retirementlock. Pre-
“Twice. And when I finally took the shoes off and you sucked my toes.”
“Jim?”
Seb kissed his hair and untied the blindfold.
“Does seem to hit the right spot, doesn’t it?”
From the waist up, Mycroft was all office, crisp white dress shirt and tie in muted greens.
“Thank you.”
He hurled the copy of
“Greg? Where’s the body from the theatre? No, it’s not here. It never arrived. I know it’s a long time ago. Right.”
Seb peeked inside the suit bag and gave a long wolf whistle.
Molly and Irene meet at a masked absinthe ball. Anonymous sex. Molly/Irene.
Faces that were minted on coins and sculpted into monuments.
Irene pushes past Molly. “Drink, then tie me up. No, tie me up, first.”
For: DW Holmes Minor January prompt: opening a door
“Yes, please!”
For her body to adjust, for her mind to adjust, for her need to grow.
The concert concluded with a final chorus.
“Apologies, Doctor, for my outburst.”
Sherlock reached for John and pulled her to her. “Come here.”
“Take us both in your hole at the same time?” Mycroft toed out of his shoes. His trousers and pants fell to the floor. “Be fucked and filled to tearing? Used all night like the good little toy you are?”
Sherlock/John. Kilt porn. AU. Alternate First Meeting. A bit of exhibitionism. Window washer!John.
Trevor laughed and bit the nape of Holmes’s neck and spent.
“Can he take it?” asked Lestrade with a raised eyebrow.
Mycroft took the head in his mouth and sucked.
MacCoy scowled.
Lestrade and Sherlock groaned at the sight of John’s thick prick.
Sherlock gets glitter sand in John's bed.
“And not destroying anything for the rest of the day.”
To take that last bit of me in, thought Sherlock.
“But why?” asked John.
“Yes!”
“Hey,” said John, twisting, “What’s the point of wearing a toga if I can’t get, oh, yeah, a bit of a feel-up? Thank you. That’s very nice.”
John chuckled. “Yeah, right after I took you from behind in the middle of the sitting room.”
Mycroft coughed and sweated and dreamed.
John was so resolute that even meeting Mycroft Holmes on the stairs of 221B and exchanging compliments of the season didn’t dissuade him from his purpose.
“I’ll pay you double, triple, not to.”
“No one’s watching, John.”
Notes: Holmes/Watson; tattoos; dreams; references to off-screen sex; inspired by and references to the painting
She made herself small against him. He kissed her hair.
Sally grinned. “But I love eating you out.”
Sherlock crossed the line to applause and cheers.
“The glitter’s not harmful,” said Sherlock, “but it is enhanced.”
“Did you arrange a raid so that the party would be spoilt, and you could get some fairy fucking?”
“Yours, too,” rumbled Lestrade. “Happy New Year, Sherlock.”
. For the June prompt: travel.
An summer's end wank in the lumber room. Sherlock/John. Mutual masturbation. Present tense.
“Here or upstairs?”
“And a lot of fucking!” added Sally.
“How ‘bout this instead?” Lestrade sank his teeth into Mycroft neck, then sucked hard.
“I like a frolic in the waves, sure, but I’d rather be far from this maddening crowd. You don’t strike me as a bathing beauty, Mister Holmes.”
The melody blended with his ministrations and as my eyes closed once more, I could almost imagine that it was the music itself that was pleasuring me.
Three low stalls in a row. Three sets of bare soles, of bare thighs, of bare buttocks on display.
Mycroft is wearing something sapphire blue under his suit. Mycroft/Unspecified. Stripping. Lingerie.
For 2019 Merry Month of Masturbation.
Title: Devil's Cottage
“Mm.”
In the car, Mycroft tapped his phone while Lestrade shot not-so-subtle glances at him.
“The case.”
John turned.
By the time John heard Sherlock’s boots on the stairs once more, she had decided on the phrasing.
“And thTe best of friends.”
“Renny,” said a soft voice.
Sally frowned. “Wait, your good jute, you mean,
“Spooktacular hand job?!” Sherlock snorted. “Is that your idea of an old fashion villain’s threat?”
“That’s my Molls,” growled Seb, thrusting up with such force that Molly bounced. “Making the Boss go the good kind of mad. Oh, and I got a new Might-T-Mouse squeaker for Toby.”
“For a dead woman, you mean.”
“We look rather good together,” said Jim, reading his thoughts.
He looked down at the dessert and smiled. “An epiphany tart! So that’s what you’ve been about all year! My dear man, you and Mrs. Hudson have out done yourself.”
John stared, then smiled. “I like cuddling, but I’m the ‘big spoon.’”
“Have you finished—?” Mrs. Hudson stopped. “What is it, my dear?” She did not wait for an answer. She closed the distance between herself and the thoroughly unsuitable maid and looked over the girl’s shoulder.
The on-screen Sherlock unfastened on-screen John’s jeans and pushed the denim down, revealing a pair of bright red pants with white trim.
The dress in question was peeled down to Molly’s waist. Her nipples stood erect, dark and pebbled. She reached up and back, curling her arms around Seb’s neck.
Marie giggled. “Or carry a blessed heavy tray upstairs.”
Title: Of fish and bicycles
“No glitter in bed. Any bed. Ever.”
Tea and a tiered tray of sandwiches and pastries arrived. After the first sips and nibbles, Marie said,
The explosion lit up the night sky.
“I wish I could take you both again,” says John, “but I’m too sore. Finger me a little?”
For the WW drabble prompt: stab
Just then, there was a knock and a voice.
Also for my Ladies Bingo card. I-4. Angel/Demon AU.
“Holmes, have you ever thought of swimming
I can’t resist one last stroke.
“She gets too hungry for dinner at 8!” crooned Jim as he sat up and quickly extracted himself from the drawer.
Each, without taking his eyes from the other, reach down and picked up his bag.
“If getting off weren’t so often related to getting killed, I wouldn’t be.”
“What happened?” he gasped.
In a few more moments, the dress was hanging nicely in the closet.
The Alien is white rum, blue curacao, lime juice and Sprite.
Like a fanatic.
“I’d like that, Detective Inspector, and if I may be bold…”
Title: A Cure for the Morbs
“I want to show I’m husband material.” Lestrade looked away and shrugged. “It’s the heat,” he added coyly.
I had just paid a driver handsomely for helping me to deposit a large, heavy, ornate trunk on the rug.
to these bucolic charms.
“Yes. So are you. You wish he were here, between us."
“Not the milk train at all, you see.”
He held her and caressed her while Molly relaxed against him and thought about what she wanted to happen next.
“You are more than welcome to return to Baker Street, Watson, and share quarters once more.”
For: the Holmes Minor monthly prompt; the first 200 words were written for [community profile] drabble_zone prompt 173 - work like a dog.
When next I met those grey eyes, they were shrouded in an opiate veil.
Good ol' fashioned Mystrade. Post S4. The 'I'll take care of it' bit. H/C. First time
“Hmm. Like that. We both work for men who are very good at what they do.”
John fled to the ladies toilet.
“Bloody hell, Sherlock! Have you had that on for three days?!”
“Look, Watson.”
He stood, tapping his mobile.
Lestrade looked down and laughed.
It was the part of his prick that brushed against spread lips only at their widest as mouth and throat purposefully relaxed to take every bit of Mycroft’s considerable girth and width.
“I’m a sure thing, John. Make yourself comfortable. Put me on speaker.”
Openshaw.
Holmes sighed as we cleaned ourselves.
I looked up, beaming. Then I went to my coat and produced a clipping and handed it to him.
A tantalus is an antique cabinet for showing off liquor (but keeping it locked so the servants and the young men of the house couldn't partake).
“Yes, the key is…”
When Mycroft’s lap was full, he rubbed a plump bottom lip with his thumb. The pink gloss must’ve been a genuine lacquer for it didn’t smudge.
“Wow, that’s the smoothest version of this stuff I’ve ever tasted. Not too sweet, either. Where’d you get it?”
“You’ll bugger me while Seb fucks me?”
When Holmes returned, he recited,
“The study of feet is not without its features of professional interest, but this is not work, this is worship.”
(the extended version).
“Every ounce of care you’ve shown me over the last three days would be revisited upon you, Sherlock. You’d know what it feels like to be an Omega, at least an Omega with you. Cherished. Wanted. And fucked senseless
“Doctor Watson!”
“Thank you for the gift, sir.”
Molly.
Seb smiled, too. The invective was mild; Jim was enjoying himself. “Wouldn’t be the first time I separated a man from his man’s prick,” he replied.
Mycroft tilted his head toward the strolling tourists beyond the glass window. “Do you fancy this kind of holiday, Detective Inspector?”
The clerk bobbed behind the desk and reappeared with a thin tome. “The board of library governors have granted your petition for a
And when Sherlock’s hand twists over top John’s cock-head, both their cock-heads, in fact, John still calls him a
“I’m listening.”
WHACK! WHACK! WHACK!
“Honey, I’m home!” he cried as he slammed the door.
“What do I smell like?”
“Surprise. And of course, it’s green. Today’s, you know.”
“You’d think that’d bring us together, corpse, morgue staff, but no.”
“Oh, well, that sounds…”
On instinct, I shook the pumpkin.
The storm was raging. The lanterns had been relit twice. Nevertheless, Holmes, gave every sign of being oblivious to the cold, rain, and wind. He was studying the perimetre of the hole in the earth with all the enthusiasm of a sleuthhound seeking a scent.
“Surely some good-natured ribbing from most and censorious looks from a few members of your club cannot be considered ‘mistreatment,’ Watson.”
“One day, I’d like to keep bees,” explained Holmes.
Sally laughed. She put a hand under Stella’s chin, lifted her face, and kissed her lips. “Did I forget to say thank you for saving my life today?”
Then Sherlock set the box back on the side table and said, “There was a holiday. Recently. Where people exchange tokens of regard.”
A Frankenstein's reviver is gin, melon liqueur, orange liqueur, lemon juice, and simply syrup.
“John?” Stella looked from one to the other. “And Sherlock.”
“Of course, they were,” countered Mrs. Hudson, quick to defend any suggestion, unspoken or otherwise, that a maid for whom she had given a glowing reference would have any other kind of instincts.
“That still doesn’t mean you’re not a threat. You want my attention? You’ve got it.”
“Lookin’ like that!” Seb whistled and smoothed his lapels. “Excuse me, I’m going to buy that beautiful blonde a coffee before someone else beats me to it.”
I begin to rub in short, overlapping strokes toward the centre of you.
Chin to chest. A  moan.
“I mean, if it’s your division,” he teases. “How about a nice, long,” he turns, mumbles into the pillows, “Christmas fuck?”
“Holmes. Sherlock Holmes.”
The flamingo twisted itself round and looked at Watson with a puzzled expression.
Note: For the LJ Watson's Woes comm April prompt: resurrection
"What’s that?”
“But I would get checked out by Stamford before you leave.”
For what we knew of the earth and the body; for what we did with the candles and the fire; for what we knew….
“No, it’s lovely.”
Molly reached back and tugged Seb closer. She rocked back and forth between them.
“Close your eyes.”
Jeanine licked her lips as she slowly drew the zipper down.
He shrugged. “Sometimes you’re the Nutcracker. Sometimes, the Rat King.”
“Something like that. We’ve got a week, seven days, to determine what happened to Marion Crane, that’s the missing woman. Then Lestrade goes back to his day job, and the initial renovations of the Bates Inn will be well underway, and finding the truth, I suspect, will more difficult.”
It was decided: he would rid himself of his drawers, spit on his palm, and find his release in this very spot.
How much had the DI seen?
And he came bearing gifts!
“Civil service makes for just as strange a bedfellow as politics.”
For Kinktober 2018 Day 16 - Body Worship.
SMACK!
Molly twisted in his arms and brought her lips to his.
And Sherlock feeds.
They held each other, and her, tight as they swore and came in quick succession.
John hooked the lantern on a stub of a limb and flicked it on; then, bathed in its glow, he leaned against the trunk of the tree and tucked the bottle of lubricant in the waistband of the kilt.
“Doctor?”
“I observe that you are disappointed in my performance thus far, Watson.”
“What about this?” John tapped his cane. “I’m hardly action hero material.”
When Mycroft released his grip, Sherlock growled, “Like sucking cock.”  He kissed Mycroft with an open, hungry mouth, dragging a searching tongue over his lips and teeth.
Mycroft stared for a long time, then finally gave a minute nod.
“It’s not a crime, Holmes.”
“—and the artist saw how interested I was and graciously allowed me to watch. Fascinating. Absolutely fascinating. The science and the art of it. And the other sailor, well, he showed me his inking.”
Grey eyes smiled. “No. I read your file.”
. I love jigsaw puzzles and have been doing between one to four new ones a month for many years. Moonlight & Roses sticks out as one of my least favourites. So this is a wish fulfillment fic :) retrograde-style.
“I say, Martha, I do like your brawny throne.”
In a flash, Sherlock had shrugged out of his wings and crossed the seat. He was on his knees. His face was buried in the front of Mycroft’s trousers. “Let me have it, let me have it.”
“…and the winner is Watson!”
For Kinktober 2018 - Day 4 - Dacryphilia (Crying).
She remembered the way he gripped her hips hard right before he spent himself. She tried to reproduce the gesture with her own hands but shook her head at the failed effort.
“No?!” John was affronted.
“I want to move a little.”
puff of smoke. “The name’s Sherlock Holmes,” he said. “And you are…?”
“Well, I had better speed things up on my end, then.”
hideous, John.”
“So’s this.”
“Sorry?”
“What a pretty little liar you are.”
“By Jove!”
“So do you.” She was the best thing he’d ever smelled in his life. “I’m—”
“You shouldn’t, you know.”
“Every sixth day for two star-years.”
“Indeed,” agreed Mycroft, but he gave Lestrade an undisguised look of interest.
“A Fabergé egg hunt. He exchanged the cake for a clue!”
“’He dragged her up his winding stair, into his dismal den, Within his little parlor—but she ne’er came out again!”
Holmes shivered as I coated my palm, and when I wrapped my hand ‘round of the base of him and gave his shaft a maiden stroke, he groaned and leaned forward.
Notes: Fictitious historical incident, Holmes/Watson, friend to friends & more, fluff
“Greg, please.”
Sherlock opened a drawer.
“That’s not how this works, Irene, remember?” Molly holds up the riding crop. “I’ve still got this, unless you safeword, of course.” She tilts her head and smiles.
“Yes,” groaned Sherlock.
Now they have John as treat.
“You’re on the receiving end?”
“Still fits.”
“What do you want, Sherlock?”
Author's Note: For LJ fffc prompt: r.17.16: Puppy
“No, his business card. His has a new title.” Sherlock rolled his eyes and huffed. “As much as I hate to think about it, I do wish Mycroft and Lestrade would reach an understanding. Then Mycroft might have less time to bother me with his twaddle.”
John looked down and gasped, discovering the source of the infernal pinching and its cousin, the itching, which had set in now that John was half-awake: an unmistakable dried mess decorated his stomach.
The poem here is by Mary Howitt. The last line is my own variation on the original :)
“Boss, our plan worked!” shouted Seb as he dropped the binoculars. “They’ll be out of pocket for at least twenty-four hours.”
But the growl that followed was anything but adolescent.
Lestrade looked up sharply.
She set her mug down and climbed into window seat with diary and pen. By the light of the small but gloriously festive Christmas tree with which she shared her perch and the strand of bright, large-bulbed fairy lights hanging overhead, she wrote.
“No apology is necessary. I confess I enjoyed them more than your usual ones. It’s curious, but I am finding that my tongue is not as sensitive as it once was. More spice is required to register the same sensation on my palate.”
As Greg rolled toward the sound, he was quickly enveloped in a pair of slightly sweaty, but very human arms. He pressed his face against damp cotton and mumbled, “Am I prime, Mycroft?”
“I know, Boss. I get it. All right, I’m going to twist my wrist. Gently.”
Length: 2083
“Excuse me.”
Moriarty cackled, then curled an arm back, grabbed the cup from Sherlock’s hand, and sent it and its contents hurtling into the night.
Summary: Holmes succumbs to temptation.
Characters: Mrs. Hudson, Mrs. Turner, the Devil, Holmes, Watson
A few minutes later, Moriarty was spitting into the blanket. He wiped his mouth and said, “I bet he’s very, very good at that.”
“It’s all fine. I didn’t contact you either. I think, maybe, well, you know, one of those things.”
“I did catch the eye of this waiter.” Seb rested his hands on the back of a head. “He was definitely giving me his attention.”
I had a full account from that good woman much later. And, oh, how we cackled! The expense was great, of course, but well worth it.
John resumed his slow rocking, but with every thrust, he slid his prick a tiny bit further into the tight, wet heat.
“Abandoned tube station.”
“You look like a beast at kill,” she said, between pants.
For the WW drabble prompt: evil
“Is that pretty moan for my hand or the brandy?”
Title: Refuge
Molly lifted her arms. Seb guided them back to Jim’s head.
Sherlock’s body seized as if struck by lightning.
Lestrade smiled.
Then she gave him a half-smile and said, “…where it would be best to put Pinky.”
The icy air of the freezer made Molly’s skin break out in gooseflesh, but the heat of John’s breath on her bush and the heat of Sherlock’s breath in her ear made her sweat.
For Kinktober 2021 Day 8: Breeding
Molly and Jim chimed in unison. “But what a way to go!”
Content Notes: Holmes/Watson; fluff
“Reptile.”
Flip.
Sherlock raised the instrument and turned it. “Stolen.”
“You really aren’t very observant, are you? I’m doing something with my hands,” replied Sherlock, rubbing the front of Lestrade’s trousers hard, then opening them. “They want to roll a cigarette, but your prick will have to do.”
“You don’t think I’m leaving by the front, do you, my Queen?” said Jim before he kissed her and slid open a drawer and tucked himself in. He reached up to kiss her one more time and whispered,
Sherlock pulled off and licked his lips. He snapped at something at his hip, and the rest of his costume, what amounted to a gold loincloth, fell away.
John swallowed and was at the point of spending when he felt arms grabbing him by the shoulders.
Mycroft moaned and arched into the burn.
Being only human, I’d often speculated in the three years I’d been away what might’ve happened if Moriarty had been the victor, if I hadn’t chosen the path I’d chosen, if, if, if…
“No?”
Had Holmes decided to play after all?
“Wait, wait. Lestrade is going to wear a kilt? And clean house? Have you seen his flat?”
“I’ve not eaten so well in months, but I swear to a god in whom I no longer believe, I’m going to devour every inch of you!” growled Mary.
Lestrade suggests that he and Mycroft mess with a good thing. Fuckbuddies to more. Romantic. No smut, just innuendo.
“Terribly sorry. So glad you got on without me. How are you?”
“Gregory?”
“You’re taking the piss!”
When Sherlock turned his head, John’s lips were a breath’s distance from his.
“Listen, I don’t know what’s going on here.”
“Oh, hello, Molly. Molly, Irene. Irene, Molly. Irene was just leaving. Molly was just…”
“I’ll be gentle.” He kissed her. “You won’t feel a thing.”
Holmes has a shock. Watson has a secondary source of income. Crack, H/C & Fluff. Rating: Teen. References to rimming. No actual rimming. Fade-to-black tease. For the Kinktober Day 13 prompt: rimming.
She heard his smile. “You should remove it from the premises. I cannot have my integrity compromised, perceived or otherwise. Emerald, hmm. I know someone with a penchant for the refreshing blend of mint and chocolate. Who was it? Oh, I forget.”
“Take them off,” begged Irene.
s what I call a stocking stuffer!”
Even decades later, Mycroft was always pleased when he had a new game, a new puzzle for his brother. This one was called ‘find the naval documents,’ but the principle was the same.
Content Notes: Retirementlock. Holmes/Watson. Watson POV. For the LJ fffc special #21. Drabbles.
“Please, Renny.”
“I, too, have matters that require my attention, however,” Mycroft paused, “may I make a bold proposal? Will you be free in, say, four hours?”
“It’s sweet,” he said as he nibbled along the nape of her neck.
“The old stand-by. Nothing empties a room like a plague.”
“With?!”
“Smee.”
The boys come bearing cake. Moriarty/Mycroft/Moran.
“Give just one more, Molls. A tiny one, a gentle one, my queen.”
“Good to know. By the way, I was enjoying your recitation. That’s why I didn’t make my presence known sooner.”
There is actually a drink called
“Horrible. Every time. Always. Oh, don’t stop.” She reached back and curled her fingers in Jim’s hair.
Whiskers twitched.
“Genius. Madman.
“Yeah. Gorgeous.”
“This is the perfect nook,” said Mycroft.
One might call it an investment in futures.
John felt his balls tightened. He turned his head and sniffed—
“Like that?” asked Sally.
“I could’ve drained into that great English cesspool with all the other idlers and loungers of the Empire, and I did, for a few days, that is, but that hotel room on the Strand only reminded me of what I used to be and wasn’t anymore, what I once had but had lost somewhere along the way, and here, well, I don’t have to pretend to be anything but a total stranger, an aimless vagabond, a careless dabbler, an undistinguished drinker, an indifferent poet, and nerves? Phew! This whole city’s got nerves. You walk this city and you feel it, the very ground ‘neath your feet’s got nerves!”
She turned her head. The glass on the bedside table was empty. Something had drunk the pomegranate juice. She felt the sweet-sour taste on her tongue.
“Oh, fuck, yes. Thank you, Gregory. Oh.”
“Yup,” said Seb.
“Watson!”
“No. I am lost without you, Watson. If you rejected my apology or if you did not wish to return to Baker Street or if you declined to accompany me on cases, that is to say, if you had no interest in renewing our association, then a facsimile would have to suffice.”
“It’s not a disturbance. Plus, that isn’t the best hiding spot.”
For GYWO challenge prompt: kitsune.
“Of course. I did not notice anything out of the ordinary except…”
Just then, the sofa creaked in a manner I recognised.
He opened the refrigerator, bent so as to be eye-level with his beloved, and purred,
quilt.
Seb put a finger to his lips. “It’s a secret.”
That night, outside the back door, Mycroft left a pan of chicken sautéed with thyme, the fox’s favourite herb if the pattern of destruction was anything to go by.
“No, it is payment for services rendered.”
I sat propped against the trunk. Divested of his jacket, Holmes settled himself at the end of my outstretched legs.
Sherlock slid a gloved hand under John’s kilt and raised an inquiring eyebrow.
“And stolen tonight,” said Holmes. “And the keeper?”
Brush by brush, he works until the boots gleam like a mid-winter night’s sky and his conclusions sparkle like stars.
“Smart me.”
This is a first. Until six months ago, it was still Mister Holmes and Detective Inspector.
“I think I have,” quipped Lestrade with a glance at the beside clock. “Or am well on my way to doing so.”
“Oh, there you go,” breathed John, “taking my knot. Fuck, fuck, fuck, yeah. Filling you up. You are, far and away, the sweetest thing I have ever had the privilege of fucking.” John pressed a sloppy wet kiss to Sherlock’s cheek.  “Beautiful, so beautiful.”
As much as a tentacle could copy the gesture, it did.
“Of course,” said Irene meekly, then she scooped up the dressing gown, re-wrapped herself, and scurried out of the room.
“Harder! Don’t stop!”
No, his expression
“Really?”
He pulled his hand out, and she leaned forward to kiss his lips and his cheek. “I’m going to fuck you now. you’d better get yourself ready or it’s going to hurt.”
“Greg? Yeah, I noticed. Poor thing. He’s usually decidedly in the jolly ol’ elf category.”
Mycroft swiveled round, his back to the table. Lestrade dropped to his knees, diving between the V of Mycroft’s legs.
Then he cupped Mycroft’s jaw and leaned forward. Mycroft sighed into the kiss and when it finally broke, snuggled closer to Lestrade and smiled at the screen.
“Doctor Watson, I’ve heard the news. You are coming with me. You, too, Mister Holmes, of course.”
“That I’m on the other side of the door.”
The snow was falling heavily. No one was about. But John didn’t want to go. He wanted, he realised, to do something very different.
“Very much so. Thank you for taking care of me last night, John.”
This is a continuation of the previous chapter. And follows on to the next chapter.
The client looked through the slit and grinned. “Oh, yeah.”
“I wondered why they weren’t any part of the party. They were otherwise occupied.”
I didn’t. “Mrs. Hudson will help us prepare.”
Length: 100
“Worth every penny,” he said when I arrived to collect him.
) to resist
“Web for the spider?”
Watson shook his head. “I didn’t even realise until this moment that I’d been thinking about it at all.” He glanced over his shoulder. “I certainly wouldn’t want anything quite as—”
Soot joined the dust.
not to resist the temptation. If you wish to leave, sever our partnership, I understand. I beg no scandal, but…”
The first 200 words of this was written for the DW Drabble Zone (#121): Fireworks.
“Come here, my gorgeous cunt.”
“What’s that?” asks Seb. He’s in the bed of one of his three bolt holes, the one he calls ‘Hospital.’
“You certain kept me waiting. Is this what you wanted?”
Holmes huffed. “You jumping out of that replica of a tomb? No. You must’ve paid that lad well.”
Summary: Mrs. Hudson & Mrs. Turner have afternoon tea at an unconventional club.
Lestrade slid his prick in farther, leaning forward and gripping hips for leverage. “Oh, you feel so good ‘round me. Absolutely perfect. Tight and hot.” He hummed appreciatively. “That’s it, love. Take all of me.”
“Really? Wonder who? Snake charmer?”
Mycroft’s arms and lap were full. He whispered, “Come home with me tonight, Sherlock. It’s warm and dry and,” his voice faltered, and he tightened his embrace, “safe.”
He smiled a boyish smile, which reminded me of one of the things I was meant to say,
Or was he asking Mycroft up for sex? It was a rather bold suggestion, but then Detective Inspector Lestrade was not a timid creature. He was a fabulous creature, noble…
Molly raised an inquiring eyebrow.
“Oh.” Mycroft’s disappointment was tempered by the sober dose of the reality of their lives and schedules. “That’s all right.”
“Yes,” agreed Holmes.
John dove and shut the door quickly behind him.
He withdrew halfway and contemplated his shaft, comparing it to the liquor that was layered on top of the first, the one that gave the drink its flavour.
“You are not on a visit,” I blurted in foolishly perfect English.
“Not, I trust, as a resident of the prison,” I muttered as I turned my head away from him and fixed my gaze on the street passing by.
“Is there a ballgown to match?”
“You think it’s just John’s tears? Because there’s about a dozen motherfuckers I wouldn’t mind giving the ol’ onion to.”
Rating: Teen
“And the bees?” he asked.
“Have we?”
Sherlock hummed in the affirmative, then he reached a snapped one of the bands against John’s hairy thigh.
“For my Queen, always.”
“You’re not a very observant man, Doctor, but that’s all right. You don’t have to be to aide me in capturing Huret, the boulevard assassin. If you’ll forgive me for taking a grave liberty, an even graver one than making a drunk man believe he’s talking to a fairy, I think you’re a man of action, Doctor, not a man of drink, and not a man of letters, at least not,” he gave my note-book a pitying glance, “those particular ones. How ‘bout we swap introductions later, on the train home, after we’ve got our man and made the streets of Paris a bit safer for saint and sinner alike?”
“Right.”
Lestrade gave a long whistle. “Mister Holmes, you certainly know how to entertain a fellow.”
“It was a discussion involving stark differences of opinion,” said Sherlock wryly, “whose heat lent itself nicely to other exchanges.” He looked at John. “It was nice,” he added softly. “We should do it again sometime.”
Over the Adam’s apple, down into the soft divot.
Half-drunk by the time the kiss broke, Mycroft slurred, “Let’s see if you can pull it off.”
Mycroft nodded as a door was opened. He surveyed the handsome interior before passing inside.
But John hadn’t been too knackered to clean himself out in the shower and prep and plug himself up afterwards and sidle into the kitchen and extend a naughty invitation for Sherlock to join him—or join
Mycroft was lowered until his body hovered in a horizontal plank a few feet from the floor.
Lestrade eased behind Mycroft, nudging his prickhead into the slicked hole on offer before growling,
“Oh, dear! We’d best be headed home or we’ll be beheaded here!”
Mycroft stared at him, then said with unmasked awe. “Extraordinary.”
“Oh, God. Are you a good guy or a bad guy?”
A few hard sucks, however, and I was yanking Holmes to his feet and throwing him face-first upon the very table at which we breakfasted every morning.
In my warm Baker Street bed, I grew hard at the memory of the fantasy. I took myself in hand and relieved the ache, thinking of the dead Sherlock Holmes and the grave I never excavated.
“No! I don’t do favours, Stamford, even for you. I do cash. Or credit. Or cursed gems.”
“Mycroft, this is shameless, but please tell me you’ve a car outside.”
Irene tilted her head back and looked at Sally, upside-down.
Suddenly, the walls surrounding me were too close; the air that filled the ether between them insufficient. The silence—saving for the disquieting ticking of the mantelpiece clock—was also oppressive, so I fled, seeking the comfort and safety of a noisy crowd.
made by an
“Perhaps. Sherlock’s got a bit of it, but not like you. Do you get extra cold in the winter?”
I looked about. “No. So that means…”
Moriarty watched, then swallowed Lestrade’s cock with an appreciative hum.
John replayed Sherlock’s words in his head. “A glory hole?”
“A gun dog’s always a gun dog. Waiting for the flush, the chase. The hunt’s in your blood just as the game’s in mine. The game’s the game, but the possibility of losing you, well, it just makes the stakes that much higher.”
Jim wakes up in an unfamiliar room. Molliarty. Omegaverse. Lactation & Nursing kinks. Alpha Jim/Omega Molly. Vaginal sex. Vaginal fingering. This is a continuation of
“Splendid. The truth is I just wanted you drunk enough to drop the titles, Mycroft. Chest opening up?”
“Yes!”’
“When in the islands,” replied Lestrade. “It’s called an ‘air mail.’ A fast way to oblivion.” He pulled away and made a dismissive wave. “I can’t believe it, but I’m so glad.”
“Well, let’s move on to a list of possible suspects, but, um, Holmes?”
He closed his eyes and considered other wagers he might lose while Seb began pounding his hole and humming a horrid tune about a bloody…
It wasn’t that Seb was tough. There were plenty of toughs in London. Jim employed some of them.
Mycroft reached down and, with a grin, raised the arm of the seat that separated them.
“What are you doing here, Seb?”
“No, actually, that was my last act as chair. I’m going home.”
Author's Note: For the DW Holmes Minor June prompt: sport.
“Do you think I might be allowed to, well, bring Miss Evans some clay?”
His smile, pressed to my skin, disappeared.
Seb swallowed Jim’s cock until he almost—
Rating:
“Indeed.” Without opening his eyes, Sherlock licked his lips. “Thirsty.”
“Funny.”
“Oh, let’s move on. A raffle, there!
I stifled a yawn. “Holmes, I bet you
Sherlock squeezed his own arse, showing off long, gold, claw-like fingernails. He moved his hips in figure 8’s while he looked over his shoulder and licked his lips.
“Run, Molls!”
“Oh.”
“What’s it to you?”
“Lower?”
They walked briskly, side-by-side, fists shoved deep into coat pockets, head sunk into tightly wrapped scarves, breath fogging in the cold January night air.
“You can’t deny, Boss, his hair…”
“Please, Gregory.”
He turned his head, and John caught the resemblance.
They came together, Sherlock soiling the sheets and John splashing across Sherlock’s lower back.
John shook his head, then brushed his thumb across Sherlock’s bottom lip. “Tell me I’m not the only one who feels like my life’s just changed forever.”
“Where’d you get the costume, Sherlock?”
“That was twenty minutes ago. You’re tardy to the party, bastard.”
Sherlock sucked him off.
“Commission? Someone’s paying you to do…whatever this is.”
“Oh,” I said to myself, surveying the exterior, “this is a curious box, indeed.”
“Do you know how difficult arson is to erase?”
Then he reached out and curled his hands around Sherlock’s ankles.
From Rome to King Tut's tomb, man
“Detective Inspector!”
“Your aunt?” asked Sally.
“Join me, then. Leave pipe and cigarettes behind.”
“Sir!”
“When I’ve had my fill of you, which is to say, the day after never.”
“I might. Might you trouble Mrs. Hudson for tea?”
She smiled, then looked wistfully out the window.
“You’re going to do something that’s going to hurt me?”
“Yeah? Oh, this one! No! Look at the other side. That’s how they get you. One half, Cinderella’s coach, the other half, evil stepsister’s face. Over there.”
“You’re mad, Holmes! Do you plan to send Mister Sherrinford H. a signed photograph of yourself?”
Sherlock collapsed to the floor and rolled onto his back. He exhaled, and immediately, John dropped, positioning his hands on either side of Sherlock’s head and his feet on either side of Sherlock’s body. Then leaning his weight on one hand, he used the other to nudge his dog tags between Sherlock’s bruised lips.
“Oh, Sebbie!” hissed Jim. “You calabash-pricked, Hallowe’en-loving bastard.”
Very well, it’d go, but it’d take the smashed pocket watch, last will and testament, and handkerchief. NO CLUES FOR YOU!
“Yes.”
She hummed. “But quick, yeah?”
“My?” asked Lestrade.
“Oh, yes. Very well.” Holmes made a show of taking a deep breath, then said, “You know that I have made two trips to Paris.”
“Do you have a light?”
“How am I supposed to be a tough soldier when I’m holding your handbag?” grumbled John, frowning at the bundle of twigs hanging from his wrist.
“To put their fist up your arse?”
Jim shoved a corner of it into Seb’s mouth. Seb bit and chewed, slowing his thrusts. “It’s good.”
And now I knew one thing more: that Watson liked to sing in the bath.
John drained his glass and smiled at Sherlock, who was fussing with the lapel of his own dressing gown, which was, indeed, identical to the one John wore, save for a thin vertical stripe.
Sherlock/Molly/John in the morgue freezer. This is a continuation from the previous chapter.
Rating: Teen for innuendo & suggestion
The first couple of times, they’d done
“Oh, I’m terribly sorry. No, see, you misunderstood—"
“I’m War, Mycroft. I much prefer oaks to willows.” He winked. “Join me for lunch?”
Lestrade sniffs.
“What are you doing here, Jim?”
“Has a host of modern amenities, including exquisite climate control and a showering suite that you might find quite pleasant.”
“In a bookshop? Or at all?”
…well, he supposed they did…
“No. You saw to that. But I have a feeling I might be sore tomorrow in other places.”
“Are you still at—?”
Author’s Note: for the January Holmes Minor prompt:  reveleations. Case plot points from Agatha Christie's "The Tape-Measure Murder."
“But the girls rose to the occasion and crowned their Queen with alacrity.”
Sherlock fed her slices of oranges and peaches and cold meat and bread with her fingers. She held cups of tea and water to John's lips.
Summary: A strange sight greets Watson at breakfast on Whit Monday.
Sherlock wet the digit, and soon it was expertly teasing his rim.
“…blessed.”
“Lestrade requires no assistance in consuming the entire contents of that bottle.”
“Oh, my dear.”
I exit the station, letting the April sun coax a smile from my lips.
I set about shaving. He did, too.
“Big bed?”
Seb chuckled. Then he drew the flat side of the knife down Jim’s nude form and mused, “How should I slice you? Debone you like a fish? Fillet you like a steak?” He shook his head. “No, I know. A Y-incision. Like a post-mortem. Dead. Meat.”
Neither Seb or Jim (or Sherlock) want to admit they like pumpkin spice lattes. Gen. No smut.
Sherlock’s gold skirt was short. His black boots were tall. His vest was tight with a plunging neckline that revealed an apricot-coloured bra.
“…and, thus,” Sherlock raised his arm with a magician’s flair, “ptomaine poisoning!”
“Sherlock, whatever comes next had better be the truth.”
He let the sides of his robe part.
“Yes,” said Molly.
Like strips of bacon in a pan, they lay. Nipples rub in whorish fashion; mouths exert free rein from clavicle to brow. Playful pups, they nip and tease until one of them laughs.
“Sherlock, are we going—?”
“It haunted me like a Ghost of Christmas Future,” he said, then drew upon the cigarette.
“You brought a Spider home with you,” explained Seb. “But I swatted him.”
his faithful dog beside him.
Alpha Jim goes to a Milk Bar to do a hit but ends up meeting Omega Molly. Moriarty/Molly. Omegaverse. Meet cute. Lactation kink. Nursing kink. Romantic.
Sherlock nods again. “Do you know what the final clue was?”
“A staple of Alpha/Omega pornographic films for generations.”
“Wait, what promotion?”
“Not a bit of it.” Molly laughed, then she gasped. “Don’t make me laugh.” She groaned, and her forehead fell forward to rest at the base of Seb’s neck. “Oh.”
Irene’s lips twitched.
“And to you, Detective Inspector.”
“There have been a few, Watson,” said Holmes, tapping out the ash of his pipe onto the cold hearth before settling back in his own armchair.
…for a warm, soft, devastating kiss.
Holmes looked uncharacteristically sheepish. “I suppose one shouldn’t attempt to craft one’s own fireworks at an early hour of the morning.” His eyes darted. “Again, but the copper chloride, Watson. It’s so temperamental.”
Sherlock hummed around John’s prick.
“Fuck,” she breathed. “’Three Continents has got to be an underestimate.”
Violeta could not hide her surprise. “Francisco!” she exclaimed more than once, at which Lomax always managed to look properly, if briefly, contrite.
“Neither am I.” Sherlock’s hands snaked round and fondled John’s cock. “Oh, yes,” he breathed, “you’re as hung as I deduced.”
Rating: Explicit
“Would you believe I was in the neighbourhood?”
Our eyes met.
No fortunes to be read there.
“Oh!” groaned Mycroft. He licked his lips and smiled a dopey smile.
Mycroft wiggled; the robe fell to the floor. “Now, what was all that about arresting me?
Holmes and I sat in darkness, waiting for the cause of Helen Stoker’s fear to appear.
Rating: Gen, no slash
“Perhaps a victory celebration,” said Sherlock glancing toward the corner of the room, “on Doctor Walters’ very Freudian-looking sofa.”
“We don’t get names. We’re Legion. Always wanted a name, something crisp and sharp and evil. Like Maleficent or…”
John raced up the stairs and down the hall. At the sound of his stream cascading into the bowl, he sighed loudly.
I grinned. “All of it.”
“Of course, my dear man. Do you doubt it?”
He stopped. “Truly?”
“Whenever our bloody worlds allow. Kiss me.”
“I’m not.”
Lestrade ground his lower half into Mycroft’s and hummed. “Like that?”
I proffered a handkerchief and somewhere in the folds of the cambric, he ironed his countenance into its customary lines and planes.
“Exchange of gifts?”
“I’m not in any database.”
“Wrong. Very wrong,” I finished. “A violation of the worst degree.” I took a long swig of my drink. “But the sentiment, Holmes…”
The poem at the end is a terza rima. Thank you to the very kind Mafief who made my vision come true in the concrete form version.
He gave a wink, and Mycroft nearly spilled the whole business on the rug.
“Seems like a good one.”
Holmes gave a defeated sigh. Then his gaze became heated and his voice fell to a purr. He let the sheet drop. “You win, but for the moment, I’m exposed to the only gaze that matters. And I’m not wearing pajamas. Or anything else.”
A bit of first aid and a check for concussion and John was on his way, but the surprises kept coming.
“Disturbed? I was delighted! There is only so much appreciation I can muster for antimacassars and jars of chutney. And I’ll admit that the fairy gardens are your line of country.”
It was the first day of spring for me though the calendar and the lovely view of Sussex beyond the windowpane begged to differ. The natural world had long been roused from its winter’s nap. I was late to fete.
“As you wish.” His voice was strained.
“True.”
He removes his gloves.
“Don’t spit them out or drop them or I stop.”
I tried to roll, to turn away from Holmes, but, of course, in my current state that was impossible. The pillows were too many, the sofa too narrow, and my body too uncompliant.
He bit at a suspender, snapping it against Mycroft’s skin.
“Yes.”
I have said in my public chronicles of our adventures that the stage lost a fine actor when Holmes took to crime-solving, but this wasn’t acting, not by half, this was magic!
I smiled at Holmes and shook my head.
Mycroft gawked at the rusted automobile then covered his face with his hand.
Sherlock hummed. “Hate those.” He nuzzled, then licked at the wet stain on the front of Mycroft’s pants.
“Shh!”
“Mine, too. But can’t you deduce?!”
“—but I’d much rather suck this. Hmm?”
“Great.”
“Are Rat Kings always this romantic at Christmas?”
I stared as he prepared something at the counter.
“How?”
“Would you believe the girl isn’t the reason I bought the card. Or kept it?”
“Ha!” he cried in triumph.
Length: 221B
“ARGH! Sebastian Moran, may I please shoot my load down your handsome throat?”
More’s the pity.
are Sherlock's heels.
Holmes cared not a whit for the elements of wind and rain that whipped his body. His thoughts were one word and that word was Openshaw.
For the Kinktober Day 19 prompts: Sex Work & Ofactophilia.
Here is the recipe for a
Watson sees something extraordinary near Pall Mall.
A goofy grin plastered itself on John’s face.
Holmes stopped his caged tiger routine and blushed. Blushed! I could scarcely believe it. My first thought was that he was ill. My second thought was that he was under the influence of cocaine. Thankfully, he quickly set my mind at ease on both of those counts.
“By Jove, Holmes, it’s the murdered man!”
“You’re going to need a new garrotter.”
The tension ebbs as the tips of eight ribbon legs come into my field of vision.
“Sherlock!”
tonight?”
“I’d rather you outdid me.”
Lestrade had wanted a pint, but the knob barman had tried to foist some milky, sweet glass of snowy bollocks on them, so it had been a shot of whiskey and ‘Shall we?’ and a ‘Let’s.’
“Starved.”
“Would you let me put my hoary old chestnuts in your mouth, Mister Holmes?”
“So shall you be, if you wish to accompany me. Please do if you’re available, a witness may prove useful.”
For the 2019 Merry Month of Masturbation.
“No. Here. Read it, if you dare.”
“Three cups of coffee in two months? No, those don’t count. So sorry that our schedules haven’t been more accommodating.”
“I don’t need a nightcap,” said John. “But misery loves company.”
Lestrade released him.
I fumbled at bit, and when I turned back with money in hand, she was gone.
“Stamford is a doctor—“
The clerk returned the card. “We’re so delighted to have such a distinguished patron and benefactor. Excuse me for a moment.”
“Not funny, I know, but since you were, until moments ago, a wet pussy, I thought you might find it mildly amusing.”
Mycroft and Lestrade get a second chance. No smut. Just cuteness.
Sherlock set the tray between them. There were sausages and scrambled eggs and juice and tea, but in the centre, clearly the focal point of attention, there was a castle of toast made of four towers.
She shook her head. “Just sensitive.”
John’s expression had Sherlock carefully sinking to his knees.
“You think so?”
“No. I’ve got to go to Sext.”
“Gregory.”
One page later, I closed my book and advanced alone into the changing area.
Rating: Gen
“Yes,” I agreed. “Exceedingly well.” I glanced at the papers. “Anything going on in the world today?”
He was cold.
“Outside?!”
“Rough day at the office?”
Mycroft blushed, but replied evenly, “The pleasures of the evening have just begun, Gregory.”
“Forty years, Watson. Forty years ago, you walked into the laboratory at Barts.”
Moriarty blinked. His hand stilled.
“Um, no, Detective Inspector, I am afraid that I’m not currently in that condition.”
The beautiful actress Jane Helier comes to 221b with a case.
“Good night, princess.”
Body rut against body in beastly fashion. Fingers, mouths, teeth, this was no time for gentle, feather-light caresses, no time for even kisses. Groping and grabbing and using roughly. Demanding and taking. Coarse growls and swallowing one another’s oaths.
-touch-
He pressed back against it, as if he might impale himself on that slight, wet, wriggling protuberance.
“Those gorgeous lips,” I breathed when I found I could breathe, “from which spout such clever, clever cleverness.”
John turned her head.
“You know me, John. I want to watch.”
“I know what a date looks like. Detective. Divorced. Remember? But anyone who picked that drink isn’t the one for you. Now, shall we be old-fashioned old fashioned together?”
“Let’s wait on the balcony,” said Stamford.
“Yeah, but, God Almighty, Seb, I really like this look on you. Tell me you’re going to keep the trappings after the job’s done.”
“So we can go snooping after hours, you mean.”
For a fleeting moment, Mycroft’s expression betrayed his anxiety, then he marshaled his reserve and said, causally,
Oh, Lord. The last thing John wanted was to have his nice, cold, crisp winter air polluted by someone’s cancer stick.
Length: 500
Sherlock slowed her belly-rubbing when John’s breathing resumed to its steady deep-sleep cadence.
Summary: The course of Watson's night does not go smooth, until it does.
Rating: Gen
“I’m at home.”
Holmes and I stood.
A river of blood ran down Jim’s torso. The blood had pooled in his belly button and continued on towards his erect cock.
“Thank you. The quality of the experience never waivers.”
“For me, too. Intoxicating.”
The proper words. The proper herbs. The proper order of things. The proper flick of a proper whip to a tender spot. The proper flick of a proper tip of a tongue to the back of knee.
“HOLMES!”
For DontAsaltSnails.
“You’re so warm, Gregory.”
“Yes.”
“So?”
If you like this, please read
“Molls?”
Lestrade didn’t attempt to make conversation, he simply watched. And step by step, his shoulders relaxed and the throbbing in his temples eased.
Sally laughed and leaned forward until their flutes clinked.
But as something else. Something more. Something special.
Mycroft coughed. “Well, then I think we’d both better clear our calendars.”
You grin wickedly.
“Fifteen. Like watching my muscles?”
“Daddy, please.” A turn, and Mycroft stared at the arse he’d been holding, cheeks spread, hole winking, “put your lolly in me. Let me make you feel good.”
“Cheers.”
Holmes hummed. “Give us both a proud and proper send-off.”
The cashier rolled her eyes. “Same thing as a Snowflake Latte.” She held up a yellow cup. “Just in a different cup.”
The last (for now) of my character sketches for the future Moriarty fic.
Sherlock sighed. “Your enjoyment of digital stimulation, indeed, vaginal penetration of any kind, John, correlates with ovulation.”
“Early but not any cause for alarm.”
One day, I'm going to put all these ficlets in this AU in one post by themselves. So this is a sequel to
“Thank you, my sweet boy. Did you like doing that?”
“Actually, it’s
She was a dark-haired lady of elegant dress and imperial manner who filled the doorway and addressed Lomax directly in Spanish.
He took his spit-slicked palm and wrapped it ‘round his prick.
“Rise, sir, from this semi-recumbent posture. It is most indecorous.”
“Knowledge is knowledge, John.”
Irene studied her, nodding. “Lovely.”
“I’d never…”
“Glitter,” he swore as he heard heavy boots on the stairs.
“Wonderful. That is one of my aims, to restore order to things before the spring. There wasn’t time before.”
“Drop six, my arse! Drop negative six, which is to say, plus twelve!”
“I’m feeling very well,” said Sherlock. He raised an eyebrow and ran a hand down the front of his trousers.
John pulled off Sherlock’s prick and looked up. “No sweat yet.”
“New case, Stanley?”
“Good?” asked Seb as he thrust. The sleeping bag was outside the tent now.
After a few more licks, John pulled off with an obscene, wet pop. “Sensitive?”
“…was brilliant. I knew karma was a bitch, but apparently, she’s on our side, too. At least today.”
“It’s called ‘trying it on the dog,’ Watson. You know this playwright well, Miss Helier. You agreed to bring his latest plot to a real detective and see if there are any holes. There aren’t.”
“The distinctive blend of scents known as Hammam Bouquet on your clothes can only mean you’ve eschewed the Turkish bath on Northumberland Avenue for the one on Jermyn Street. And I’d be a poor detective if I couldn’t detect rum on the breath of a man who is as spirit-filled as the one before me.”
“Our hostess appreciates symmetry. Now, the table.”
“MARTHA!”
“I think I can convince Mrs. Hudson to employ you in a domestic capacity,” said Holmes.
Length: 500
Mycroft smiled and said, “Yes, please.”
The fruit-flesh exposed by his bite is as pale as the skin stretched across his back and shoulders.
I waved off the apology. “You understand that every transgression weakens the bond between us and that any more of this magnitude may break it beyond repair?”
“You’re going be putting that stallion prick in me, aren’t you? You’d better be. Christ, I should’ve worn the plug. The prep’s going to take too long. Fuck. Sebby, Sebby, Sebby.”
I turn.
Molly grinned and nodded. “Now you know how I feel when I see you two at it,” she said.
had sunk, presumably with those directly responsible for Openshaw’s death.
For my Gen Bingo prompt 1-G: Webs and Networks (Power / Influence / Control)
“Yes, Daddy,” says Sherlock in a small, breathy voice. “I’ll be good for you.”
“You first,” he whispered. He cupped her cheek.
“I thought the point was to make blokes like me stare at your chest.”
“If you’re quite done amusing yourself, perhaps, you’d like to get on with the matter at hand?”
Mycroft’s gaze went from his mobile to the drawer. He paused the video and made himself comfortable.
SMASH! SMASH! SMASH!
“What a lovely gift,” he said as he gripped the hips and began to thrust into the tight, wet heat.
John clung to the ladder. Sherlock clung to John.
“That’s right, gorgeous. Fuck, that’s good.” John was balanced precariously on hands and knees as Sherlock thrust. “Christ, you’re hard, aren’t you?”
“More macabre than the Cornish horror?”
With, one arm still curled ‘round Irene, she allowed a faun-like creature to nestle between them and suckle. She liked watching the war behind Irene’s cool expression, jealousy fighting higher notions.
She interrupted in a husky, breathy voice, “It’s Miss.”
Mycroft waxes poetic about a blowjob. Mycroft/Unspecified.
It was a simple gold affair, resembling nothing so much as a detective’ handcuff.
“You aren’t going to give me what I need?”
“Then, if you aren’t too fatigued, you’re invited to my flat for an old-fashioned old fashioned. I’ve a tantalus…”
Sherlock wiggled his eyebrows. “Yes. If you’re amenable.”
Sherlock threw a possessive arm across John and fell back asleep.
It was an erotic dream: this brilliant, beautiful, impossibly elegant man crumpled in what must be a ghastly uncomfortable position just so he could suck John’s cock at the precise angle that resulted in John swearing like a sailor and coming like a schoolboy—at the same time.
“You’re definitely picking me up,” said Lestrade. “At least, one part of me is definitely rising to the occasion.” He flashed a wicked smile at Mycroft. Then his face fell. “I don’t have a lot of time.”
Length: 100
“Yes,” he cooed, looking down at Seb with adoring eyes. “Let me. Push you. To the limit. Of respiration.” He forced more of himself down Seb’s throat. “Good, Sebbie, so good.” Jim petted Seb’s head and moaned softly until Seb finally pulled off with a wet pop.
Then I gripped his hips and pounded his hole, breeching it again and again, swearing inelegantly between clenched teeth, “Fuck, Holmes, fuck, fuck!”
Rye meant ‘case closed.’
I would not beg his confidence. I would not.
“A warning: like most spectacles, this one may be over before anyone wishes.”
A shudder pass through the room.
“Like to be petted?”
There are many different recipes for a drink called a Matilda and they're all very different.
“Come in. Your first visit, I see. I’m Doctor Mesmer.”
Sherlock snorted. “But apparently bad puns…”
A familiar jar of unguent was there, on the table, standing like a forgotten sugar bowl, or rather, an answer to sodding prick’s prayer.
The exercise did nothing to ease my condition for in the hour that passed, I thought of little but Holmes’s profile in that dark grey tweed suit that I adored and his sonorous baritone he made his deductions, wrapping the whole baffling case up like a pretty Christmas gift in a shop window.
“Promise what?” But John knew. “All right. I promise to read your monograph on glitter if you let me take you home right now and worship you properly.”
Sherlock tracks John's cycle. fem!Johnlock.
“Getting my arse eaten like an all-you-can buffet? No, he’s so good. Come on, fill me up, so you can enjoy it proper.”
“You want to watch him fuck me.”
“Well if you continue to extend membership to those who murder their tenants to collect their pensions, we shall have to,” said Sherlock.
“So bloody full!”
Title: The Way We Were
“The curtains,” said Mrs. Hudson mournfully.
Sherlock’s grunt was louder, angrier.
Lestrade decorated Mycroft’s belly with streams of come. “You like watching my sword practice?” he asked.
Mycroft Holmes. He was accustomed to shagging him and being shagged by him. They’d been meeting regularly, well, as regularly as the two of them could meet, for a year in a neutral place Lestrade simply called The Room.
“Oh, Daddy,” sighs Sherlock and speeds up his own hand.
My prick stirred.
“But you hate classical music.”
“Not a bit of it, love.”
Or a contortionist. How long could someone remained unobserved in, say, a trunk?
“…so twelve dozen crates—“
“Hello, we both just happened to be in the area and there’s a lovely new Christmas market and we thought you’d like some roasted chestnuts.”
John moved slowly towards Sherlock, letting his eyes roam from Sherlock’s mouth to the bare V of his chest and back. Then he reached a hand up and flicked open the cabinet.
It…wasn’t Sherlock’s mouth.
Length: 221b
“Everyone’s still sleeping.”
“Be my guest,” replied Seb, just as softly.
Length: 100
“But there’s a bloody corpse in the bushes! I’ll have to call the boys. And a very handsome Detective Inspector from Scotland Yard.”
She let him fold her in his arms. She let him hide his face in her neck. She told herself the dampness was sweat. Criminal masterminds didn’t cry.
Mycroft blinked, then said,
Mycroft smiled. “I’d like that very much, Detective Inspector.”
“And I’m no proper genius, Greg, but as of right now, I don’t think those two are going anywhere until last call.”
“The way you look at me, John.” Sherlock’s voice was low and husky.
“You have hair, you mean. Well, do your thing. See if you can sniff out a clue or two.”
I checked him for broken bones and, finding none, rang for Mrs. Hudson.
“Cheers, Shirley.”
“I’ve done my research. This is the best pumpkin farm in the UK. And this is the best patch. And five minutes ago, they opened for picking. Excuse me, I’m going to find the perfect pumpkin before that Brownie troop beat me to it.”
No, they did not help her dress. They completely impeded the dressing process with their kisses and their caresses. Molly had to stop and let Sherlock’s fingers coax her through a second, smaller, but sweeter, orgasm.
“A measure of artistry, Watson, or a measure of madness?” asked Holmes when the case was over. “Or of evil?”
His mouth twitched. “They are tearing down Wych Street and Holywell Street. I passed too close to the demolition. A piece of debris caught me.”
Content: Humour. Innuendo. Holmes/Watson
The autumn of the year. The autumn of my years.
Mycroft nodded. “And an extra toothbrush.”
With a quick motion, Sherlock grabbed a single Post-it note from a pad of them on the desk, folded it, and proceeded to stick it to Lestrade’s thigh. Then he ripped it back and strode purposefully to the microscope on the kitchen table.
Lestrade & Mycroft meet on the way to the morgue. Mystrade. Dialogue only. Meet-cute. Chatting over drinks & getting together. A bit of innuendo but no smut.
“I’d like to take you upstairs, and," Lestrade looked up; Mycroft blushed, "show you all due consideration.”
“Whatever it is, it’s here, Musgrave,” said Sherlock. He took his scarf and looped it through the rusted iron ring in the centre of the heavy flagstone. “C’mon, help. You may be a dandy, but you’re still a nightwalker.”
“My spores need tending.”
“All work and lots of it. Resentment grew. Muse thwarted. Then when the organising of the village mid-summer festival arose, Marnie saw her vehicle for revenge.”
“Good thing the police didn’t know about your seasonal benevolence. It might have counted against you.”
Masturbation (nothing graphic) and implied facial
“Seems like a good thing to do on a day like today. Will you help me get it set up?”
“Yes, please!”
“I just wanted to try them, and then…”
A Halloween Hypnotist is Hypnotiq liqueur, vodka, lemon juice and a blue glow stick.
“Oh, Holmes.”
“Goodness, no. But the lads—“
“For you,” I said proudly, “and many returns of the day.”
Title: They See Him Here, They See Him There
“Don’t you want to, to, to…? Uh, guess not.”
“And I said,
“Who are you calling ‘son,’ Papi?” countered John.
You stare.
“Oh, bugger me,” he murmured, wondering just how he was going to get his brolly back.
The voice in her ear was marvelously strained when it sang, “Doesn't like crap games with barons or earls, oh, God, Molly!”
“You don’t need to threaten me, mister. You’ve a car waiting?”
“I was—“
Sherlock almost smiled.
“Good. But goblins, even halflings like me, generally prefer to keep at least one foot on the ground.”
. Also,
“Is that why there’s frost on the rug?”
I can't believe I haven't done PSL before. I did the frappucino a long time ago, but not the latte. The first 400 words were written for the DW 2021 fallintofallfestival prompt: Character A is embarrassed to admit that they love pumpkin spice everything, but it turns out character B loves it too.
That made me laugh.
Mycroft didn’t hesitate.
Violeta Lomax tore off the brown paper and made a noise. “Mira, Francisco.” She turned it towards Lomax.
“Yeah, I know, me, too.”
“I’m at full mast. Please tell me that you are, too.”
“Yes,” gasped Mycroft. “Watching you with the demon. Twitching for it.”
The John that neared the screen was clad only in red pants.
For a LJ 1_million_words Weekend prompt. A Vampire Kiss Martini is vodka, champagne, and Chambord in a red-sugar rimmed martini glass.
“I’ve already come. Twice.”
“Yes, Doctor?”
The transformation was beautiful, as beautiful as an old building—or a bastard who thought himself clever—crumpling in the dust.
“John?”
Mycroft mounted him at once.
A phalanx of patrons left, and Seb slipped down the standing bar until he stopped.
“I will very shortly, but we must change the topic of conversation or I won’t be able to exit the premises without embarrassment.”
Lestrade refilled the lid of the thermos between them; he finished the rest of the sandwich and wiped his hands with a paper napkin.
“I did, didn’t I?” He blew a smoke ring like the bounder he was.
“I don’t like this, boss. I feel naked walking around without my gun.”
“John, your exact words were, ‘
“It’s okay. Come in.”
Mycroft pulled one end of the pink ribbon, and it fell away from the small box. He lifted the lid of the box and set it on the bed. He removed the bit of pink lace and ribbon, studied it, then brought the most soiled part of the material to his lips and nose.
“Perhaps, but as its proprietor is, at the moment, engaged in the heated theological argument, he’s unlikely to become aware and even less likely to prosecute.”
“This isn’t a prank or a joke or a scam. I’d give you a card or my web site, but there isn’t time. I would’ve asked Stamford, but you’re military. Better reflexes than a doctor.”
For DW Watson's Woes #7: Sharing hot cocoa.
Entering, I leave the cares and troubles of the street, the surgery, and the rooms for sanctuary.
“—and followed him. That was the best vantage point. These shoes are actually quite comfortable. I could climb up the tree, but getting down was trickier.”
“Ours.”
Alpha John helps Omega Sherlock through his heat. The experience, however, triggers something unusual in John.
“That’s right. You’re going to be full of pups.” John ran both hands over Sherlock’s abdomen while Sherlock’s arm remained draped across John’s shoulders and around his neck. “Soon you’re going to be walking down the street, big as house, showing all the world how well your Alpha breeds you.”
“Nope,” said Sherlock, his head lolling against the armchair.
Lestrade did it again.
Bessie took a sip of her water and smiled.
The journey north gave me ample time to reflect on what a day had wrought.
The last thing Molly heard was his cackle.
John might not be able to identify a software designer by his tie and an airline pilot by his left thumb, but he knew when his Alpha was aroused.
Jim cursed Seb in four languages. He mewled like a kitten in two. He raged, he begged, sometimes in the same breath.
“Lead?”
He put two fingers to her lips.
Mycroft stared at the lift buttons.
“In every way that matters, Gregory.”
You’ve taken Holmes. You’ve taken Mary. And you’ve left me alone.
Chemistry-challenged John and a gorgeous stranger are in a uni lab on Christmas Eve. Then there's an explosion (of sex pollen). Johnlock. Meet cute AU. Unilock. Sex pollen. Oral. Masturbation.
Mycroft’s eyes widened. “Brown as a nut?” he echoed.
John weeps and sweats and screams and invites Sherlock to do all sorts of amusing things.
Sherlock laughed. “Something to look forward to.”
Much later, Irene asked,
“I’m still trying to convince Sherlock to go. Maybe if you promise him a free pumpkin, he will. I’ve seen the look in his eyes when we pass certain shop windows. He’s quite keen to carve one, though he’d never admit it.”
“Hey, watch out! If you drop it, you’ll stain that handsome suit
He studied the stub of raffle ticket.
“You think quoting a French anarchist is going to help your case?”
Mycroft had, in fact, just been in the neighbourhood, planning to spend an hour in a favourite bookshop, but when he came upon the crowd and police car in front of the teashop across the street, he stopped. In addition to the unusual onlookers, there were passels of young girls and their mothers, aunts, and grandmothers, all bedecked in tiaras and fancy dresses and feather boas.
“This isn’t my kind of battle. Or war.”
A clock began to chime the midnight hour.
“An Irish martini?”
“First rule, no knickers with Daddy. He wants to slip his hand under your skirt and feel you whenever he pleases.”
They stood and stroked each other.
“Untie me and I’ll do more than watch.”
Recipes differ, but a Zombie is usually dark rum, light rum, and a host of tropical fruit juices (lemon, lime, orange, pineapple, passion fruit, etc.).
His mouth was full of cock in seconds, pressed to his forehead the rucked miniskirt, around his face, legs encased in fishnet stockings.
But if Sherlock makes an encouraging noise and snuggles towards John, then John’s heart, and his prick, if truth be told, leap.
Sally fingered a green knot and nodded. “The rope
‘Shh, yourself!’ it seemed to say.
“Oooh.” Seb rolled his eyes in sudden realisation. “So that’s it!” He pulled his shirt over his head, then tore it off altogether, revealing a sweat-soaked, white sleeveless vest beneath.  “Sun’s out, guns out, boss.” Seb bent his arms at the elbow and put his hands behind his head, showing off his biceps.
“Fine. Holmes gets this funny-looking bottle, and he collects Watson’s tears in it.”
Clara gave a little cry. Then she inched backwards and slowly pulled the jumper off.
SLAM!
“I can’t stop kissing you, Mycroft.”
So, John waits.
“So are you! What’s that got to do with it?”
“What in the hell happened last night?”
…to touch longer, softer tresses.
Lestrade stepped towards Mycroft. The rain fell harder, and they moved as one towards the entrance of an alley.
The thin swathe of apricot-coloured nylon could barely contain Sherlock’s half-hard prick and patches of coarse pubic hair.
“I’m always right, John.”
“Of course! What’s not to love? A riddle. History. Treasure hunt. And then a vigorous squabble between two most unpleasant specimens of the undead and Brother Mine.”
“There,” said John as he quickly eased off the bed and stood beside it, looking at Sherlock like an artist appraising a half-finished canvas.
Content Notes: Mrs. Hudson & Mrs. Turner
“If you reduce the fire hazard,” said Watson, nodding at the mess. “You’ll be doing us a favour.”
haunt a character.
“Yes.”
“Deeper, John.”
Notes: For the WW October prompt 'biscuit' and for my Ladies Bingo square I-3 'Someone Gets their Comeuppance.'
Mycroft’s tiny exclamation was pure sex.
“No. I’m not going to burn you again,” said Seb. “One scar’s enough.”
“Naturally.”
A grunt. “Why do you have a deck of fifty-one cards, Sebbie?”
There are several recipes for a Jack O'Lantern.
Seb made to leave but was forestalled.
“When I first arrived, I was certain that I’d be sent to the labour camp. My guess is that you convinced someone to give me a chance here.”
with the
Then they both burst into giggles.
“Happy Christmas, Watson.”
John gives Sherlock a belated Valentine's gift. Johnlock. First kiss. No smut.
John’s stiff prick jutted from a patch of wiry curls.
Two, but not three.
“Tied up, Boss?”
“These things have a cycle,” said Mycroft. “Work interferes.”
They exchanged bundles.
“Yes! I just solved a four-hundred-year-old riddle. There may be honest-to-Lucifer buried treasure underneath your mausoleum of a house! I don’t care if Beelzebub and his mistress are down there, I’m going to open it. Now pull!”
--only to have it come into contact not with the page he was about to turn, but with the grey tip of a ribbon-like appendage.
Sherlock's shoes are Jimmy Choo's Dakota 120. A princess pink lemonade is peach vodka, pink lemonade, and maraschino liqueur.
Retirement!lock. H/C. Fluff.
“Drinking? I don’t think so.”
He takes another bite.
He hummed. “Can you see the seam?”
“Martha?”
A pond.
Greg’s gaze lit, then he glanced at Mycroft with a raised eyebrow.
Yours was a grim, tight smile.
For the Kinktober Day 20 prompt: threesome or more.
“John…”
He took a deep breath. “And to my heart, triflingly small that it is.”
“Enjoy your evening?” asked a disembodied voice from the darkness of the bedroom.
“C’mon, John. Let’s give ‘em a show.”
“…and the world…”
I was tucked in my own bed when the image of the open grave resurfaced. The fantasy came flooding back as ripe and raw as it had been during those desolate days, months, and years before Holmes’s return.
John slid his hands to Sherlock’s back, then cradled Sherlock to him as he let their tangle of tethered bodies flop back to the bed. He gripped Sherlock’s arse hard, and Sherlock whined.
“Until?” he asked, nuzzling behind her ear.
The base of Mycroft’s prick was like the liquor at the bottom of the glass, the spirit that provided the strongest inebriant sensation.
“Thank you, Sherlock. I know you think the jumper’s hideous—”
“I’m a vampire.”
“Look, John,” said Sherlock. “There is a prize at the bottom of the cereal box.”
A discussion of antique wedding dresses, semantics, and guns. MorMor. Crack. Mention of oral sex & branding/burning, but no actual smut. Rating: Teen. Inspired by Moriarty's dress in the TAB but this isn't set in that 'verse.
“You rang?”
She gestured to a makeshift stool beside an equally makeshift table. Light danced in her grey eyes, and I was reminded of the soft, rippling fur of a well-stroked feline.
“When we get home, after I shower.”
Seb’s face was buried in Molly’s cleavage.
“Sherlock!”
“Suck! And Sherlock Holmes may be getting fucked tonight but he is not getting fucked in a 105-carat diamond, is he? No! He is not. Oh, Sebbie, yes, use the tongue, too. You know it drives me mad when you swirl the tongue like that. Can you do that thing with the glans? You know. Yes. Oh, my ferocious Tiger, so good.”
Mycroft wiped his lips with a handkerchief.
“Uh…yes?”
He followed my lead in removing himself from the table. I wanted to lend him a hand, but I also wanted to marvel at the mess I’d made of him. The devil was driving now, so I stood back and watched.
A Kiss by a Rose is pisco, rose liquor, lillet blanc, lemon juice, egg white, and Prosecco.
John smiled but continued to slowly tap at his laptop.
“It made me serve tea infested with…vermin…to my tenants,” a stifled gasp emanated from somewhere beneath the kitchen table, but the ladies took no notice of it, “on an occasion when they did not merit it.”
“—that’s bollocks—needs to rest every once in a while.”
At a familiar corner, she halted abruptly, as if an invisible arm was flung cross her chest. She looked about cautiously, though not a car was on the road.
“No,” said Mycroft softly. “My powers don’t extend to necromancy.”
Mature
Finally!
“Yes, yes, of course,” he said with a dismissive wave of the hand. “But that isn’t what distracts me this morning. I’ve, well, I’ve done something, that is, I’m about to do something, and I’m not certain anymore about the decision. Not certain at all. It might, well, be poorly received, poorly received, indeed.”
Rating: Mature
And on those nights, banquet nights, Sherlock stokes the fire and builds a nest before it and lays her bath-soaked, tea-steeped, soup-stewed beloved amongst the blankets, nude save for wooly socks, which get pitched at some point in the proceedings.
“Please, Watson.”
Exception proves the rule, and the exception that proved Lestrade dominated by the book was Mycroft Holmes.
“…you see, Mister Holmes, a layman like yourself will always be at a disadvantage compared to us professionals at the Yard.”
Sherlock’s tongue moved to John’s scar while Mycroft kissed along the left side of John’s neck. Sherlock rose, Mycroft sank, and then they were kissing each other.
“I spent a few days at El Escorial, in return for some assistance with a small matter, I was permitted use of the library there. On one wall, there was an enormous painting. Three panels. Scenes much like the ones that you describe, but Biblical in nature, of course. I went back every day to look at it, even dreamt of it. I ran across your fellow in a pub. Said he was descendant from the man who had painted the triptych, so I told him my dream.”
“I want to hear you, Renny. I won’t come unless I do.”
fetch me down, well, that was quite a surprise, but it’s the 21
Waxing or waning, ebbing or flowing, the tide knew the moon.
SMACK!
“I’m glad. I also, on occasion, find it restorative.”
“Fuck!” John drew the word out through four tight strokes of his very hard prick.
“Now,” said Seb, fastening the gag. “Where was I?”
“Reminds me of Mrs. Hudson.”
“Hey!”
“Yeah, but you don’t need to go running towards it on your day off,” grumbled Stella, but she leaned into Sally’s mouth and hummed and let her hand curl ‘round ‘til it cupped Sally’s arse.
“My disguise—and the musk—weren’t convincing.”
“Gorgeous pink champagne cuddle.”
John grunted. She put her hands on the bed on either side of Sherlock and pushed her torso up. Then she shifted until she was straddling one of Sherlock’s thighs.
“How much longer, Donovan?”
“Seb’s a bit…”
“That has never been my fear, Watson. I beg no further questions.”
“I was looking for you because…” John’s shorts are open, and then they are on the floor. His pants follow, and he steps out of both.
Mrs. Gilchrist appeared surprised, a novel experience for her I surmised.
“All right, all right,” said Grodman, beginning to wheeze. “Constant was an experiment. I just wanted to prove I could commit the perfect crime. As I was working on my book, I got the notion, and it turned into an obsession. Mrs. Turner played her part just I’d imagined she would. When Morelake was acquitted, I thought I was free. I had no intention of committing another murder. But then Mrs. Turner came to see me, and I saw something, something in her eyes, a suspicion, a recognition. She knew! Somehow, she knew! I panicked. I just, I just…Call it off, call it off!”
'verse.
“I do.”
Alpha!Sherlock/Omega!John. Lactation kink. Post mpreg.
“I lost mine to grime. Yes, I think it is time someone got their comeuppance. So, let’s begin. You’ve the bell?”
“Saint Sebastian,” he said, nodding at the scene beyond the glass: a ring of studious-looking art students and easels and canvases encircled an almost nude model holding a contorted pose on a slanted platform.
They slowed their movements, kissing more languidly and rubbing against one another with less frenzy.
“Good afternoon, gentlemen.”
“And over the arm of the sofa,” said Sherlock, with a smirk.
Oh, look, your eyes widen, just a fraction, and your pupils dilate, too, just a smidge.
“Well, do you?”
Mycroft knew he would get no more work done that night. He was packing up to go home when he spied it.
A perfect night. And then nothing.
“Boss, we were in the middle of something.”
Mrs. Hudson and Martha reunite to go 'kettle shopping.' Sweet crack. Featuring the sex on the bonnet/hood of the Aston Martin. Reference to Agatha Christie's Miss Marple.
“Another day, Mister Holmes. This man’s not in his right mind!”
The word was a simple melody, one fit for humming whilst shaving, one as smooth and as thrilling as the curve of woman’s waist when she turns.
When the tin was sealed, the ladies checked their coiffures and sighed contentedly.
clean this mess up by morning, Sherlock!”
Peddlers in pain and misery on either side of me.
He was hard. They were both hard.
He sighed good naturedly. “As you wish.”
Holmes found Stackhurst at home and frigged him raw, then, opting for a nude swim, headed for the beach, still swaying and humming,
I might demur. I might, were it not for Watson’s reaction to the memory of our first indulgence of this kind, but a quite oblique reference to the incident resulted the most fiendish coupling of what has been, all in all, a quite gentlemanly affair.
“Yes.”
Three days later, I returned to Baker Street in the evening to find Mrs. Hudson on the way to stay with her sister and Holmes painted in pale theatrical makeup and lying very still on the bearskin hearth rug with his hands folded over his chest holding a sprig of cypress.
Molly opened the door. “Do all IT services come bearing…?”
“It was a figure of speech.”
A pumpkin shandy is pumpkin ale and ginger beer.
The instant my toes touched the cold floorboards, things changed. The moment I was upright and surveying the room, hands on hips, I felt differently.
Those grey eyes, that whispered baritone, both which said, no, screamed ‘distraught lover.’
They’ve monsters, horrors, giants, gnomes,
She rolled her eyes and huffed.
There. Guard down. Part of Mycroft wanted to be sick, but part of him was relieved.
“You noticed that, too? And I think our refractory periods…”
Marie chewed thoughtfully then rubbed her shoulder said, “No, I beat the rugs yesterday.”
“My pleasure.”
Sherlock swallowed John’s prick with practiced ease.
This is the continuation of the Mystrade portion of my
Then she was back in Mycroft’s lap, stroking the side of Mycroft’s head and saying softly, “You take such good care of me.”
Lestrade reached for his mobile and tapped. “That week, my scheduled day off is Friday.”
“And yours is perfect pumpkin.”
“Mrs. Hudson’s calling.”
The dressing gown fell away as Sherlock arranged himself on the sofa.
“She qualified for that clinical trial.”
“Or we could talk about Brexit.”
In an instant, the tableau shifted. Mycroft was forced to awkwardly slot himself half-beneath John in order to suck his cock while Sherlock fucked his hole.
Mycroft studied the naked body, then the room. They were alone.
And feeds.
“No, indeed.”
“Really? Wouldn’t take you for a beer man.”
“Your choice of reading material on the train probably gave Newman some indication that your imagination was a muscle well-exercised, but there’s no shame in that, Watson, for all that I tease you, there isn’t.”
“Don’t ‘boss’ me! I’m going to bugger you raw—”
“John.” Sherlock rubbed a flat palm between his legs.
and sighed.
His cock was thick and long and hard as fuck, to use a vulgar phrase.
And Seb sucked it.
John is almost always, as they say, in the mood for love.
John fussed about for a while, then placed three mugs on a tray. The mugs were identical, their contents were not. One was black and bitter, one was almost white and tooth-rotteningly sweet, and one was somewhere in-between.
“Sorry.”
“I’m going for a swim, Watson.”
“Cold?”
I sighed and scraped the candle drippings off my sleeve.
“Ready?” called John five minutes later.
Hey does anyone remember 'drugged body glitter made them do it' from last Halloween? It's No. 38 & 39 from this collection? No? Just me? Well, if anyone does, get ready because Sherlock didn't bin that all that glitter when he should have...
Sherlock twists abruptly. He drops his chin and purses his lips in a playful pout; then gazing up through dark, feathery eyelashes, asks sweetly,
For Kinktober 2019 Day 14: Cunnilingus.
“That’s all you get until you show me you’re a very good boy.”
“I’ll enjoy the walk, but pray tell, how you deduced the secret panel in the wall!”
“I remember this song.”
John waited.
Irene tugs on her restraints, then she twists her wrists and tugs again. “Uh, Molly—“
In the window, arms bent at the elbows and hands curled towards shoulders. Then a gossamer-thin garment dropped.
“Near as naked.”
“Fuck!”
“Would you like me to wrap it in brown paper as usual, Mister Holmes?”
bound.”
It was still dark when Lestrade folded himself into the waiting car.
“Good heavens! Did I do that?”
“Oh!”
Summary: On the first sunny day of spring, Holmes & Watson talk about what they like. Sussex fluff.
“That one is moustachier.”
“I remember, Lestrade, because you gave the forgery case to Hopkins, and she’s bungled the whole thing.”
To die like a traitor
“How so?”
“Not at all. I thought you might appreciate a sugar scrub.”
“Yeah, yeah.”
Seb shakes his head. It hurts.
Smiling lips kissed smiling lips
is real. For the Holmes_Minor monthly prompt: renewal.
“Can’t wait,” mumbled John, his mouth full, his fist flying.
John giggled. “Maybe your right.” He drew the shirt over his hand and tossed it toward Sherlock. “Guess I’ll just have to take it off.”
Molly forced her eyes open.
Content Notes: Post-Reichenbach reunion, Holmes/Watson, reconciliation, a bit angsty
“Yes. I tracked it down and Gorman sold it to me, all quite legally and above board, about ten minutes before you arrived, before he was arrested.”
“You’re brown as a nut, Watson. I’m merely spotted.”
“Mine.”
“How is this a happy ending for us? He figured it out and shut us down!”
“Mycroft.”
“Cock,” she moaned.
“Keep your friends close, and your enemies closer, my dear.”
Seb laughed. “Yours, Boss, or Edgar Allan Poe’s?”
Then Mycroft reached over and suddenly, silently, deftly tore the apricot-colored fabric in two. The sides of the knickers fell away.
“Of course, you can’t! An upgrade. Only the best for my girl!”
Pick one’s battles? What jest! I am choosing Watson’s for him. Even this evening’s visit and the knowledge I’ve imparted may endanger him.
Lestrade sat up, then leaned down, searching under the bed until he found his pants.
She sighed, she groaned, she whimpered, all the while teasing her clit and the rim of her pussy with the end of handle.
Lestrade hummed around Mycroft’s cock. Mycroft groaned, then yanked aside the blanket which had been covering them both.
Hands wrap around cocks. Lips kiss.
“How?”
“Until the novelty wears off.”
He bit the side of her neck and spoke in a firm, gentle voice, “No apologies.”
“You’ll reach Paddington soon. There’s a case
“Is a saint,” said a dark-haired young man as he rushed past her.
apologetically,
John licked swiftly down Sherlock’s torso, took his prick in his mouth, and sucked him off.
“I’m prepared to wait,” answered Mycroft, just as bluntly, adding, softly, “I confess the third act has always held the most allure.”
“I’m afraid you’ll have to win the costume contest or the pumpkin carving contest or the longest-held erection…”
They giggled.
Finally, Mycroft said,
“Thank you. Yes. There’s no one about.”
“Please.”
Sherlock bit back a groan. “The only way I’d drink your coffee was with my cock in your arse.”
“How are things at the Foresters, Holmes?”
It takes all of his ample reserve not to break into a smile. “No.”
Donkey Punch is rum, orange juice, ginger ale, pineapple juice, and Grenadine.
“Remind you of County Clare?”
It was an eternity. It was too short.
Notes: I came across the ACD story "The Man with the Watches" in the short story collection of railway mysteries called
“Woodhouse! Oh, he was a sly one, but no Brooks, of course.”
Sherlock put a hand on the back of John’s neck to hold him in place as he locked eyes with John and spoke.
Then he threw his head back, closed his eyes, drew his tongue very slowly across his top lip and drew his flat hand very slowly down his torso to his waist and over the kilt material. He rolled his whole body from shoulders to thighs once, twice, thrice, and let a filthy groan escape his lips.
(See the end of the chapter for
I made an inquiring grunt. He answered with a dismissive one. I let the matter go.
“More?”
Vivaldi’s
Panicked, John had raced back to the brothers, who had, in a matter of hours, discovered the murderer and cleared John of all suspicion. And, then, with a tap of a mobile, the well-hung buggers had contacted the agency and hired him, John, to service them.
Sally snorted. “Doubtful about the last.”
Sherlock only hummed as his mouth was glued together.
Mycroft watched, mesmerised, as Lestrade gently circled the ribbon ‘round and ‘round Mycroft’s erect prick.
“Yeah, it’s some kind of mutant sex plant!”
“You saved my life.”
“The meal was perfection,” said Lestrade. “I’m afraid this bourbon you’re touting, no matter how illustrious, is going to be, well, anti-climactic.” He raised his eyebrows suggestively.
Before I could even form a coherent thought, I was throwing off my coat and diving into the cold water.
“…and you and I are a married couple,” John rolled his eyes, “who are appreciating all of that while we,” John dropped his voice, “are trying to discover who or what killed the Saundersons…”
“It is not just the sun that has been kissing me.”
Jim cupped her jaw and they continued to kiss while Seb lifted her hair and mouthed along the nape of her neck.
“There’s no excuse for you but be my guest.” Molly wandered off as Sherlock helped himself to her mobile.
but my dear Holmes, look at your eyes,
“As you cleverly pointed out, it’s Christmas.” Mycroft unscrewed the lid. “Mulled wine?”
“How do I look?” I asked, studying the harness of ropes that crisscrossed my torso.
“This is a compromise,” Sally added, running her hands over the gold and black brocade around Janine’s waist. “Antique torture device for you; bare tits and muff for me.” She bent her head, giving each nipple a lick.
More.
The cottage had no dog.
The floaty sensation settled into a more familiar and more concentrated arousal.
“Such a good fuck.”
“Don’t care,” murmured Sherlock into John’s crotch. He licked at the cock beneath the tartan.
Baker Street? No.
The bedroom falls dark the moment that their lips meet. The kiss is soft, chaste, a brush of ‘hello’ with a touch of ‘Aren’t you lovely?’.
To all my gentle readers, 'tis the season and all autumnal/pumpkin spice/Halloween prompts are WELCOME.
“One last swipe and yes.”
“Yeah, you know…”
“Lead on,” said Mrs. Hudson.
”—and thinks he can still feel the hand gripping his head by the hair, yanking it back…
“I’m certain that Bosch thought so as well.”
“Sherlock, don’t be greedy. Come here, John.”
Sally giggled. “No, thanks. How about a curry and that baking contest on telly?”
“Toby’s watching!”
“Oh, love, can I eat your arse for a bit?”
“Yours. When you find the Borgia pearl.”
“No beast. Just an artist. With an unusual medium, brush,” he kissed her hip bone, “and exquisite canvas.”
They rolled together across the cave floor.
I slid a steadying arm around his waist. “Sit down. Have you eaten?”
Sherlock pouted. Mycroft sucked at Sherlock’s bottom lip.
“Not with me. Run.”
“Gregory?”
“Aren’t you ready? Doesn’t,” his lips twitched mischievously, “absinthe make the heart grow fonder?”
“Fair enough.” Sherlock’s eyes went to John’s kilt.
Mycroft held up his hands in mock surrender. “Only onscreen theatrics.”
Mycroft is speechless.
“Should have. You wouldn’t believe what happened to me on my birthday.”
“Cuddle?”
“Let’s go, John.”
“Yeah, I like that a lot. Wish it was your hands playing with my…”
“Do you want me to swallow or save it for you?”
Mycroft smiled.
SMACK! SMACK! SMACK!
The water is there, without having to bother maids or bang on pipes. Vague figures moving about in the steam has a romanticism that stumbling about in the fog lacks.
Lestrade gently removed the plug and tossed it on the bed near Mycroft’s head.
“It stands to reason.”
“So naughty,” agreed Sherlock. “Must be punish-ed.”
She reached into her bag, then handed him a box. “Pour vous.”
Lestrade walks around the hammock, studying it. “A cocoon?”
Sherlock’s eyes widened, then his voice dropped to a low whisper. “Tonight you will serve your Queen with constant—and utterly depraved—displays of adoration.”
Sparrow MacCoy lifted his head from the bar. “It might be.”
“All the senior officers have to do a shift walking the beat on Guy Fawkes Night,” said Lestrade. “This is my assignment, Parliament. Ghostly place at night, when there’s no one about. All the bombers are out there; half of the merry-makers, as you call them, don’t even know what they’re celebrating. Why are you here? Not just to deliver,” he took the bag and opened it. “Corned beef! Hello! God bless, you sir! What’s in the flask?”
“Yeah, I liked it. He couldn’t wait, and neither could I and we just didn’t care. Blokes came in and out. I’m certain he got offers after I finished. I mean, the looks he was getting.” Seb rubbed the cheeks as his prick pushed back in. “I mean, there was one man who was just watching us. And when it was just us three, he locked the door and whipped his knob out and started drooling like a baby. And then he sort of stood there, waiting his turn.” Seb began to fuck the mouth in earnest. “I finished and stepped aside. The other man took my place and said something very rude to the waiter.” Seb’s hips jerked, and his prick spat. “So I broke his neck. Per instructions."
“John! Why did you do that?!”
“Yeah, let’s go.”
Length: 1444
“I’ll buy us more time. Centre staff pride themselves on catering to Omegas’ unusual cravings.”
They were lying side-by-side on the bed, arms by their sides, not touching.
Then John was tented above Sherlock, her face wet, her eyes shining. Sherlock silently implored her to end the scene. She wanted more. She wanted to hear her name on John’s lips. She wanted to mount John, fuck her the way that they both adored for as many times as their bodies would permit.
“Lingonberry! Why that’s wonderful, Holmes!”
For the DW Spooktober prompt (Table 2/Day 2): Pumpkin Patch.
John put the mobile to his ear. “Hello.”
Sherlock leaned forward and exhaled into the back of a lilac dress shirt. “And now Professor Moriarty, what can I do for you?”
“Can I fuck you?”
You settle into your chair.
Much later, Lestrade arrived in the bedroom with a plastic pitcher and two glasses.
Sherlock sniffed. “Chloroform. Old school.”
“No false promises.”
John leans and kisses Sherlock’s bare shoulder.
“I’ll race you!” I taunted as I released his grip and sped down the lane.
“Yeah.” Jim walked to bookshelves. “When in doubt, Sebbie, steal from the best. All the great artists do.” He plucked a thick volume and opened it to a certain page and passed it to Seb.
“After you suck me off,” corrects Sherlock. “You’re going to come untouched with your tongue in my arse while Mycroft fucks you.”
Sherlock reached a hand up and ruffled the soft auburn curls. “I won’t deny I am weak for the ginger.”
Spiced Rum Milk Punch is what you'd imagine: milk, rum, vanilla, simple syrup, cinnamon, and nutmeg.
“And inspired decision to invite your associate,” said Mycroft Holmes. “He really is…”
Try swimming, Lestrade’s doctor had said.
“Very well.” Then a thought occurred. “I’m very glad you’ve seen fit to tell me, Holmes, rather than pop up unexpected. That would make me more than a bit cross. For you to wax poetic about trust, then use me, once again, keep me in the dark, once again, that would be…”
