Stark looked from Ms. Potts, to Steve, pausing for a moment before looking back to his assistant. “This, again? Haven’t we told Fury to stop sending us weapons requests, yet?”
Ten minutes later, Cap walked back out of the house, leaving the men tied up in the kitchen for local law enforcement to find after he called it in. Which he wouldn't do until they were far enough away. He didn't want the whole world to know that he was working jobs (especially
He was gone for a week, and miserable the entire time. He started to notice his mood was becoming a problem, when his team started avoiding him and ducking their heads if they had to speak to him. He got the delegation from Wakanda safely home, before catching his own jet back to New York. He couldn’t sleep — had barely slept at all the entire trip, so he spent the red-eye flight catching up on paperwork.
He did recently come out with that new clean energy initiative. I suppose we could give him some credit for that…
Tony scratched over the old tattoo. “Would you believe it’s because you’re my soulmate?” When that was answered with a bemused snort, he shook his head. “My dad had a love/hate thing for you. Went up and down depending on his mood. But most days he idolized you as a ‘man’s man’... so when I came out as not completely heterosexual… well, he got pissed. So I celebrated with a tattoo.”
Tony Stark, billionaire, playboy, philanthropist… despite all of his sordid ‘history’... had never actually had what one would consider ‘marathon’ sex. He had been cursed with a ridiculously long refractory period, even as a teenager, so most of his sex experiences were a ‘one and done’... so to speak.
That wasn’t the part that Steve cared about. Instead, he was staring at the blurry image of Tony’s soulmark, as his hand reached up to brush over his chest.
), and Moroccan. He also had to literally be dragged away from the cronut shop — Tony contemplated buying the entire cafe when he saw the pouty look on Steve’s face as they walked away.
The nagging voice started a week later when she was getting dressed in his room, talking about how behind she was on payments for her car, trying to figure out how she was going to make it by. It sounded a lot like
Barnes rolled his eyes. “He's still Steve. Just a hornier version. And from what I'm gathering… this is an act that needs a partner and completion to make him better.”
“I’m not a saint, Stark. I lived through the worst war in history… of course I curse like a fucking sailor. The Howlies would have given me shit if I didn't.”
He was seventeen when the news got out about Tony Stark’s soulmark. He could clearly rememberremember clearly the moment, sitting in the bedroom provided by his newest foster family and watching the news report.
Cap nodded. Based on his interactions with Tony, and what he had read about the man, that made sense. He continued flipping through the file that Rhodes had provided him with, before stopping at the list of possible suspects. “Isn’t this the man that was just fired from the board?”
When it was announced last year that a body had been found frozen in the Arctic, a collective gasp went out over the United States. Could it be? Really? The hero of our history books was finally found?
“I don't even know where you got most of these.”  Ellen peeked out from between her fingers, to find Jesse peering at the wild, unmatched collage of pictures that stretched along the length of her living room wall.  Jesse reached out, tapping one with a blunt fingernail.  “Man, is this from the Battle of New York?”
Steven nodded, and picked up the container of rice again. “Tony?”  He looked up, meeting Tony's eyes.  “You're many things.  Boring is not one of them.”  He took a bite of rice.  “What happened at the meeting?”
Steve crossed his arms over his chest.  “It’s worth a try,” he said, and he was trying to smile.  “I’ll talk to Thor and his people, see if they have any advice.”
Steve kissed him, and Tony wanted to be mad about that, he wanted to resent it, but all he could do was lean into the contact, desperate for it.  For him.  When they finally broke apart, they were both breathing hard.  Tony caught Steve’s eyes.  “If you’re not back in two hours, I’m coming after you,” he bit out.
“Not close enough,” Tony groused.  He took Steve’s hand and let himself be reeled in.  “Hi,” he said, smiling down at Steve.
O'Brien huffed out a breath.  "Good choice, Rogers."  He sank into his chair, picked up a folder from the desk in front of him.  "And as a reward for your obedience today, you get to run a personal errand for the mayor."  He held the folder out to Steve, his fingers gripping it a little too hard.
The room erupted in cheers, almost loud enough to drown out the sound of Steve’s pulse pounding in his ears.  His arms were around Tony’s waist, dragging him in, lifting him off the floor. Tony was laughing against his mouth, and Steve was okay with that, Steve was more than okay with that, with the sound and the feel and the taste of him.
“Put on your trash costume!” Tony yelled, spooning fruit onto his plate.  He paused, then dropped a croissant onto the top of the fruit.  Fuck it.  He deserved it.  Also more bacon.
Rogers let out a slight chuckle, lowering himself back into Duck's ragged visitor's chair. "He seems like a very nice fella," he said, reaching for his cup. “He makes a mean cup of tea, that's for sure.”
“In as many words.”  They rounded the house, heading back to the front door.  “Anyway, they got me out of the station and into the car, and I was almost rabid by that point, I was wondering if I could punch him in the throat and make a run for it, and I probably would’ve tried it, but Happy had me by the back of my collar and-”
The old man opened the bible, his fingers smoothing the delicate pages.  He smiled first at Tony, then at Steve, and Tony was suddenly very, very sober.
Tony kept a wary eye on Ty, even as Pepper slipped through the workshop door.  “Your father is looking for you,” she said, her voice apologetic.  “I had thought-”
Tony ducked his head to hide his smile.  "Right.  Can't commit to a course of action unless you're sure of what the extenuating circumstances are."
“The flowers, darling,” Carol said, her voice amused, as Jan let her head fall into her folded arms.
Bruce pushed it.  “ENOUGH SCIENCE GO TO BED,” the clock screamed at him, and Bruce lost it.  Laughing so hard that he could barely sit upright, he hugged the clock to his chest, struggling to breath between bursts of giggles.
A plastic tag on a string lanyard was dangled in front of him.  “We’re going to Maaagicon,” Darcy said, sing-songing her way through the word.  “And so are you.”
Clint got there first, snagging the folder from the top of the pile and opening it up, thumbing idly through the pages.  “Are you upset we didn’t invite you to our fake wedding?”
Strange ducked, the box flying harmlessly past him.  He looked over his shoulder, where it had hit the wall, leaving a damp spot, and then back at DJ.  “What-”
Tony looked up.  “Sorry,” he said, as Mrs. Arbogast came bustling through the door to the dining room, wiping her hands on her apron.
“No wonder we can’t make rent,” he muttered under his breath, even as he hooked a foot under a shelf, tipping it up.
“Oh, so that’s not your lab down there?” Bobbi asked, stabbing a piece of the apple and eating it from the point of her knife.  She grinned, white teeth flashing against the polished steel.  “My mistake.”
Tony was already turning away, still shaking his head.  “It's not going to work,” he said, and the smile on his face looked like a mask.  His eyes canted up to meet Steve's.  “You tense up every time I get near you, there's no way anyone's going to be convinced that we're actually intimate, Steve.”  His eyes closed.  “It's not going to-”
Everyone stood there, staring at her, and she clapped her hands.  “It’s late, and I’m quite tired, and you’re keeping me from my bed.”
“It COULD have been, but you had to dilly-dally around starting a relationship until after I’d already bought your present,” Tony said.  “I’ll save that for next year.”
“Right, because wearing a mask will go over well,” Rhodey said, his lips twitching.  He braced his hands on his knees, broad fingers flexing against the planes of his legs.  “Besides, Tone, pretty sure they've heard.”
He looked up, and Obie’s face was pale now, his lips almost white.  Tony smiled.  “I know you’re trying to protect me.  You always have.”  His head tipped to the side. “But if I catch you interfering in my household, we’re going to have words, and you will not enjoy it.”  He met Obie’s gaze straight on.  “Do we understand each other?”
Jarvis reentered the room, his expression resigned.  “It's quite all right, sir.”  He set DJ's shoes down on the dressing table and headed for the hallway door.  "He's all bark and no bite."  Before Steve could stop him, he opened the door and leaned out.  "Lord Odinson!” he called.  “We've just replaced two of the windows, and I should prefer it if you do not make it necessary for us to replace any more."
“Right.  Somehow, not surprised,” Harris said, bracing his elbow on the arm of the couch.  He leaned a cheek into his palm.  “You going to reply to his email?”
DJ shook his head, his face buried in Steve’s shoulder.  “Just-”  His arms tightened, his breath hitching. “Worried he wasn’t here.”
“He visits a lot, though!” Steve called from the kitchen.  Tony gave him a look over the top of the tablet.  Steve, unrepentant, grinned at him.  “Such a nice cat.  Friendly.  Likes kids.”
Pepper, for her part, was smiling down at the boys who were crowding around her, her face amused. “Shove off, all of you,” Steve said, cutting through the crowd. “Let the lady breathe.”
DJ's chin tipped up, his face curious, his legs drawn up against his chest.  He leaned his chin on his knees.  “Hello,” he said, the single word cautious and halting.  But he met Thor's eyes without flinching, his toes digging into the quilt.
Sam ignored him.  "You're still my friend."  He smiled at Steve.  "And your love life is a disaster, but no.  I don't think you did this on purpose."
He waved her off.  “Thanks, but I’m good.” He grabbed his pencil, scribbling another few numbers on his notes.  They made about as much sense as the rest of of what he’d written there.
Stark gave him a look, then leaned over to grab the large roll of paper.  Muttering to himself, he spread it out over a nearby table, spreading them out as far as he could.  Without thinking, Steve picked up a pool cue from the rack, using it to weigh down one end of the plans.  Stark tossed back the rest of the coffee before using the empty cup to brace the other end.  “Thank you,” he mumbled, already distracted.  “Jarvis, can you hand me the-” His hand fumbled in mid-air, grabbing for something that wasn't there.  “The-  The thing.”
Steve sighed, and tossed Tony’s chopsticks into the sink. “It’s Christmas, can we go one Christmas without someone getting stabbed?”
Jess gave a happy squeak and started combing, her hands sliding over Greer’s hair.  Carol took a seat across from them.  “Where did you even pull that comb from??” she asked, arms folded on the table in front of her.
“No,” Steve repeated, but he was laughing now, his hands tight on Tony’s waist.  “Can you stop, it’s-  No.”
Gyrich turned his back to Coulson, staring at the rest of the team. “Where's the girl?” he asked them.
"How long does this go on?" the significantly more hung-over Tony holding the phone asked.  He sounded resigned.
Obie was laughing.  "Took a day for our new project," he said.  He paused at the foot of the stairs, his hands propped on his hips.  "Think that things can toddle along without me for one day."
“Your father was less trusting, but less brilliant.”  Obie patted Tony on the cheek, hard enough to sting.  “Much less trouble, though.  All he wanted was power.  Status.  Money.  I could give him all of that, and he never paid much attention to anything else.  But you?”
“Okay, then,” DJ agreed, giggling as he pulled away.  His eyes were red, and he scrubbed a hand over his nose.  “Sorry.”
“I knew I was going to die,” she said, the words still and calm.  “I didn’t see any other way out or any way forward, I was going to die and that had been a long time coming.
“Three,” Bruce corrected.  Tony stared at him, not quite able to make sense of that.  “We have three seatings left, Tony, do you even know what time it is?”
Shiro flipped another order of gyoza onto the griddle and covered them with a lid to steam, a faint smile on his face.  “I told you, before you wasted your time.  Try again.”
He could feel it again, the way his flesh tore, the way he ceased to exist, in an instant of pain that melted into nothing, that melted into a darkness that would swallow him whole.
Jan took a mock swing at him with her basket.  “How rude,” she sniffed.  “And here I brought you a variety of delicious treats to speed up your recovery.”  She shoved the basket into Tony’s hands and flounced her way across the workshop to the couch.  “And this is the thanks I get?”
He spotted Steve when he was halfway down the main staircase.  He was a measure taller than most of the crowd, and more than that, he was surrounded by a seething mass of little boys.  His head was pivoting from side to side, his face strained, his shoulders tight.  Tony watched, amused, as he snagged a boy by the back of his shirt, dragging him back into line, without even seeming to notice that he’d done it.
Tony spun, his right hand coming up in a fluid, instinctive movement.  Without the repulsors, it was a useless gesture, but even as he was doing it, he couldn’t quite make himself stop.  Stephen Strange looked at Tony’s naked palm, his brows a hard line above his eyes.  Despite everything, he didn’t look nearly as out of place in the middle of a Las Vegas convention as he probably should’ve.  Tony huffed out a breath, ignoring the way that his pulse was pounding in his ears.  “You know I have a heart condition, right?” he gritted out.
“That’s the address line, isn’t it?  Let me-” Tony reached for the tab key, and his wrist bumped Steve’s chest, making him twitch.  Tony pulled his hand away, and for the first time, their eyes met.  In the warm light of the kitchen, Tony’s eyes were golden brown, brilliant and intoxicating.  For an instant, they just stared at each other, and then Tony smiled.  “Sorry,” he said, pulling back. “We’ve got you trapped, don’t we?”
Tony skidded to a stop, his heels digging into the carpet, twisting his arm in Steve’s grip.  “How dare you,” he bit out.  His chin came up, his eyes sharp.  “And what will you do if I don’t give you the blind obedience that you demand?”  He was so close that Steve could feel the heat of his body.  “Because you’re not in control here, Officer.  You’re not in charge.   You.  Have.  No.  Power.”
Steve ducked under the trailing boughs, reaching up with one hand to brush the bells with the tips of his fingers.  Even that tiny touch was enough to send them swinging in place, the bells ringing with a high, clear chime.
“The fountain,” Jarvis burst out, and spun on one heel, disappearing down the hallway in the blink of an eye.
“She’s just trying to make me jealous,” Rhodey said, holding out a hand.  Tony took it, stepping neatly into the dance step without a second thought.  They moved together with an easy, assured sort of grace that spoke to hours of practice.    “It’s not going to work, but I appreciate the effort.”
"A lot of people hate me," Steve said, and all three of them turned to look at him with varying degrees of pity.  He realized he had his arms crossed over his chest again and forced his hands back to his sides.  "I'm hateable."
“No, but I'm driving you into the city at a very early hour tomorrow morning.”  He crossed his arms over his chest, bracing one shoulder against the doorframe.  “And despite what Mr. Stark might think, we both need sleep.”
“I can pay for my own meal,” Steve said, but she was already shaking her head as she handed Tony the bowl.
“He’s a gentleman,” Steve said, and had to skip to the side when Bucky tried, and failed, to kick him in the knee.  Grinning, he dropped back into his seat.  “So I was in a block of ice.”
“I have no doubt.  Thanks, Happy.”  Tucking his gloves in his coat pocket, Rhodey headed out of the garage and out to the front door of the house.
He grinned.  "Yeah, it's pretty lousy, ain't it?"  He headed for the door, the tray balanced on his hip.  "Hope you find what you're looking for, Miss."
“Right, now all we have to do is worry about mopping up the water all over the floor,” Steve groused as Tony scooped up water in one hand, letting it drip over Steve’s head.
“Does it have a backseat?” Harris asked.  “Because.  I’ve seen your cars.  And I’m not riding there in someone’s lap.”
DJ was thrown backwards, crashing into a chair and making a desperate grab for the edge of the conference table to keep himself on his feet. He slipped slowly down to the floor, hitting with a muted thump.  And he sat there, staring up at the portal, his face blank.
“The funny thing to me is, that you’ve got a reputation for being a good liar, when in fact, you’re so, so bad at it,” Steve said, and Tony bit back a smile.  “I’ll tell her you were worried.”
“In a manner of speaking, sir, though I’m not certain it contains any of what we would define as ‘sugar.’.  Of course, accidentally creating a potentially hazardous situation while attempting to make lunch is a situation that you are not unfamiliar with.”
One of Pepper's shoulders rose in a half-shrug.  “Split on expected lines.  The religious right and the conservative sites are treating it like the downfall of Western civilization.”
Tony gave him a critical look.  “Your costume.  I mean, as soon as we get you some sunglasses and handcuff a briefcase to you, or, you know what, I’ve got one of the suitcase suits, that’ll-”
"I know you're both mocking me right now, but I'm choosing to believe you're being utterly sincere.  It's good for my ego," Tony said, straightening his coat.  Pepper pushed his hands away and smoothed the fabric back down.
“And furthermore-” There was the sound of heavy footsteps on the stairs, then, “Aw, c'mon!  Ugh, I don't wanna see that, what the hell, right in front of me?”
Tony ripped a croissant in half and took a bite.  Then he reached behind him, pulling the hood of his sweatshirt over his head and pulled his sunglasses from his pocket.  He opened them with a flick of his wrist and slid them onto the bridge of his nose.    He spread his hands.  “Incognito Tony Stark,” he said with a grin.
“I’ll…  See you around,” he managed at last, and before Tony could say anything else, Steve pushed past Bucky and out the shop door.  Outside, Sam was waiting for them, Nomad’s reins in his hand.
“Fine.  We can work with that.  Because now...”  He swept the tools aside, pulling the sheet of paper free.  “Now, we have a chart.  So if you don't understand what I'm asking, I can show you.”  He smiled at DJ.  “Right?”
Steve set his book against his stomach, resting one broad palm on the spine.  Tony had never envied a book so much in his life.  "Had my medical check today," he admitted.  "And afterwards, I was told to wear them."
Happy dropped the hood of the car.  “Know how we were sure someone manipulated things to get Rogers to show up on our stoop?” he asked, wiping his hands clean on a rag.
Stane shifted on the floor, and she brought the bat around, bracing the heavy end of it against his throat.  He rocked back, his head bouncing off of the side of the desk as May set her hand on the other end of the bat, leaning her weight into it until the bat began to force Stane’s throat closed.  His eyes wide, panic crawling across his face, he clawed at the bat, but she didn’t budge.
“In all fairness to him, neither am I,” Steve admitted.  He looked up.  The sky was clear and blue, not a cloud in sight.  “And as long as the weather stays clear, we’ll be fine.”  He glanced at Rhodes.  “We’ll make it work.”
“We all had you, too,” Jess said, her long black hair sweeping over her shoulder as she leaned forward.
Tony braced a hand on the newel post, his expression unreadable.  His pants were unbelted, a silk shirt thrown over his shoulders but lying open against his chest.  He moved, and the hem of the shirt fluttered against his hips, against the bandages wrapped around his ribs.  His feet were bare against the dark plush carpeting, and Steve wasn’t sure why he noticed that, why that small fact brought a rush of heat to his face, like the man was naked, like he was seeing something he shouldn’t.
“Mmmm,” Tony said, around a mouthful of pasta.  “I take it that the lock to the liquor cabinet is broken again?”
He reached for his pen.  “And now I’m going to do the same thing.”  He pulled the contracts across the desk to his blotter.  “If they show up now?  Pay them.  And make sure that they understand this is not the first payment of many.  This is the final offer.  They are to take it, and they are to go away.  If they come back with their hands out again?”  The tip of his pen carved a signature against the pages, one after another.  Ink bled through the fiber of the paper, each stroke a wound.  “I can promise you, they won’t like what they find.”
His fingers closed on the dowel, flipping it around to hold it like a sword in front of him.  He shifted his weight.  "But he has his sword, a sword he made himself, a sword that he's had to use already.  He has his sword, and the shield his mother gave him."
The kitchen took up most of the main floor, filled with gleaming, professional grade appliances, a huge double fridge and gas stove, surrounded by well-scrubbed counters.  A breakfast bar separated it from the rest of the room, a set of mismatched kitchen chairs and stools clustered along its short length.  On the butcher block island, the older man was setting out trays of massive, golden brown cinnamon rolls.  The younger man gave Tony a wry smile.  “Hey,” he said.  “How're you feeling?”
Jarvis was already shaking his head.  “Please don’t,” he said, crossing over to the bed.  If he saw how Steve tensed, he didn’t show it.  “He hasn’t been sleeping well, as of late.”  He paused next to the bed, one eyebrow arching.  “Which does not excuse those shoes on the bed linens.”
because they were in the middle of an experiment and should be working. “J, where is our favorite anger management patient?”
The next time he was lucid, was probably twelve hours later, when the need to pee and drink coffee (one day he was going to install a coffee maker in his bathroom because that long walk to the kitchen without caffeine was absolute hell), became a necessity.
Putting it in words definitely made it seem more real. That was exactly how he had been feeling. “I don’t think we can just jump into this like people normally do when they find their soulmate. I’m shit at relationships, and it would probably be smarter to go slow.”
Most of the SHIELD personnel had their own apartments and homes throughout the city, but there were a few apartments and dorms available for people working long hours and too tired to make it home.
49.2 percent of the population had a soulmark somewhere on their body. It usually appeared around the 16th birthday. Somewhere out in the world, someone else would have an identical mark and that meant they were your soulmate.
For the next few years, he focused solely on dating people without soulmarks. Sometimes, if the person didn’t know who he was, he could pretend that he didn’t have a mark either. It wouldn’t last long, of course, but it made for easy enough one-night-stands.
It was probably completely his fault that he wasn’t able to fully commit to a relationship. It was like a part of him was always missing, though, and he could never look beyond that.
It took a beat, but when Steve finally turned around to face him, Tony reached up to grab the neck of his shirt and pull it down. The tattoo was there, as it always had been. The thing Tony had always hated most about himself.
The idea that the man had gotten kidnapped so easily seemed like a shock. “Doesn’t he have bodyguards?” He asked the colonel.
“It was a pet project that my father started in the sixties with my aunt Peggy. A way of controlling intel and weapons research, while also going over data received from overseas during the Cold War.” Stark leaned forward, like he was telling a secret, “They were a bunch of spies pretending to be scientists.”
,” Stark replied, sitting down at the opposite end of the table. When Steve didn’t immediately sit, Stark rolled his eyes. “Come on, Rogers, that stick up your butt will surely be more comfortable if you’re sitting down.”
Seeing Steve Rogers up close was a bit startling. He was like some kind of Greek god. Tony shook off his thoughts of what the guy looked like in bed, in favor of holding his hand out. “Tony Stark.”
“Well, as we discussed yesterday, there is some memory loss. Our team hopes that it’ll be temporary, once the swelling goes down, but we will have a plan in place in case it’s not. He exhibits most cognitive function, though, which is a good sign. Right now it’s mostly a waiting game.”
"Captain, my name is Colonel Rhodes with the United States Air Force… I could use your help with a very delicate matter.”
“My name is Bucky. I’m a friend of Steve’s. And since I’m technically his damn boss and he said he was going to work today, I got a bit worried when he didn’t show up. So I went to check on him.”
While the room was momentarily quiet, he realized how frustrating it was going to be, if he had to stay there for a long period of time in his Captain America get-up. The cowl was already starting to itch and cause a distraction.
They had Steve’s neck in a brace and were currently working to cut away his ripped and torn uniform.
“Either he explodes from pent up sexual tension or he starts humping people in public? Do we really wanna find out?” At the thought of Steve humping some random person on the street (talk about consent issues!), Tony shook his head. Barnes took that as acceptance and motioned to the elevator. “I'm going to go, before I see more than my brain can erase. Call me when he's normal.”
Steve moved forward, brushing his hair out of his eyes. “Um, no, sir, Mr. Stark, sir. I’m here to speak to your son.”
Rogers was out for forty-eight hours. The doctors warned Tony that the head trauma was pretty severe, and they wouldn’t know the full extent of damage until he woke up.
He also never recognized that when he wasn’t around Steve, suddenly he was a little moodier and had a harder time sleeping. A fact that became quickly apparent when the Bravo team in Vienna called for his assistance.
He was probably doing his own version of sleeping (whatever version was possible, while upright in an uncomfortable chair), when he heard a confused voice ask, “Who are you?”
It was maybe a bit disconcerting that Steve hadn’t said a word. Once the condom was on, Tony blinked and looked up. Steve’s breathing was tense and there was something in his eyes that said he was barely holding onto the smallest thread of self-control.
Steve had always thought it was cool to be born just a few short months after Tony Stark was. Their lives were so different, but they were connected by that one small thing. Whenever he had a class that he hated in school, he would think to himself
Natasha reached out, slamming her hand onto the ‘stop’ button and causing the elevator to jolt and stop moving. “Director Stark, I hope you are aware that when you took over for Fury I did my research on you. I wasn’t going to offer my services to someone that I couldn’t trust.”
Tony tilted his head and admired the view. Steve hadn’t noticed he was there yet, allowing for just a few moments of uninterrupted voyeurism.
There was a momentary silence, before Stark started to chuckle. When Cap frowned at him, he shook his head and waved it off. “I’m sorry, it’s just… now that I think about it? The idea of you cursing is absolutely hilarious. My dad… some days he hated your guts, and some days he worshipped the ground you walked on. But if he found out you —
Being stuck with Tony Stark for an indeterminate amount of time in an off the grid house site was going to lead to his insanity or demise… whichever came first. Being on the motorcycle with the hot line of Tony's body pressed against his back had been bad enough!
at the poor guy on the other end of the line, before realizing it was an honest call and not some prank that Bucky was playing on him.
“Like the powers that be would let me leave their presence without all of my fake papers.” Cap snorted. “But laws and I never got along well in the past. Liking dick in the 30s wasn’t exactly state approved.”
What a fucking shame. More people needed to admire Steve Rogers, because the Cap persona didn’t deserve all of the love.
“I was not expecting a joyride with Captain America. You'll forgive me if I get a little turned on. That suit plus the bike is like all of my wettest wet dreams.”
Stark stood with his arms crossed, staring at Cap's Harley. Walking up, he pulled the extra helmet off and handed it over. “Come on. We need to be a few clicks out before I can call this in.”
Steve Rogers didn't show up for lunch. Instead, a handwritten apology appeared, stating that Steve had to be back in Brooklyn for his next appointment and only had time to eat on his way.
He was just about to broach the topic of ‘hey, are you my boyfriend’ and ‘as my boyfriend would you like to put your dick in my ass’... when Cap got called up on a mission. Despite stilted messages on the satellite powered texting device that Tony had designed for him, he didn’t hear much from Steve for the next two weeks.
“Doorbell,” Steve said, his voice tense.  He took the last few stairs in a few quick steps, coming to a stop again on the landing.  “We weren’t expecting anyone, were we?”
Peter took a deep breath.  “You can’t just START him on advanced calculus, Mr. Stark.  You-”  His pencil beat a rapid tattoo on the paper.  “We need to make sure he has a solid grounding in the basics, otherwise-”  His eyes narrowed. “Chaos.”
Sam's eyebrows shot up.  "Right.  And who's going to teach him?  Natasha's a terrifying Russian ballerina, and you're about three feet tall in heels."
Steve stumbled over the threshold, and just like that, he was in Tony's bedroom.  He blinked, his eyes darting around the room.  It was shiny and chic, all smooth metal and polished dark surfaces.  There were floor to ceiling windows circling around the majority of the space, revealing a stunning view of the city skyline.  There were only a few pieces of furniture, other than the large bed, bedside tables and a chair placed facing the windows.  The bed itself was piled with pillows and tumbled blankets.  The lighting was recessed, throwing a warm glow over the gleaming glass topped desk and table.
Steve opened the door.  “It’s eight am,” he pointed out, trying his best not to smile.  He braced a hand on the doorframe.  “It’s…”  He shook his head.  “Isaiah.  It’s eight am.”
He brought her hands up, pressing a light kiss to the back of her knuckles.  “The pleasure is, as always, all mine,” he said, and went back to sweeping.
Steve nodded.  “And I find myself out of the ice and into the fire,” he said.  He took a deep breath.  “I can’t promise you anything, you Majesty.”
Steve did his best to keep a straight face.  “Yeah, he’s…  He’s not high on my list right now, either.”  He glanced at Bruce, eyebrows raised in a silent question, and Bruce gave him a thumbs up.  He nodded, and turned his attention back to Tony.  “Are you-”
“Steve?”  Tony smoothed Steve's hair down, his fingers as light as he could make them.  But Steve shifted, his head turning into the pressure of Tony's hand.  His eyes opened, and he squinted up at Tony.
Steve walked around the full perimeter of the grounds twice.  The second loop had been necessary, because after the first one, he realized he had no memory of anything he’d just done.
“You may have a point on that one,” Tony said.  He scooped up the box.  “And none of it matters, Hank.  None of it matters because I fixed his watch, and sent him on his way.  We’ll never see him again.”  He gave Hank a bright smile.  “Just.  The way.  We want it.”
"It's a horrible movie about a deer being shot," Tony said. "And what you're describing could lead to us watching it."
Tony waited.  Nothing else was forthcoming.  He took a deep breath and made a desperate grab for patience.  “Jay?”
"If I may, sir," Jarvis said, the words cutting smoothly through whatever Steve was about to say, and that was probably for the best.
His voice trailed away, and Steve took a step back.  “I can wake him, if you want,” he said, ignoring the sting of rejection.  He tried for a reassuring smile.  “Give me a-”
“You do have a shower, sir,” Jarvis said.  “It's there, just to your right, if you'd care to turn slightly to-”
“Comforting,” Steve said, and Rhodes was still laughing as he headed off down the road.  Tall and rangy, he moved easily through the crowd, his shoulders squared, pausing here and there to respond to greetings or trade a few words with a merchant.
“Then I looked up, and Tony Stark was standing there, looking at me like…”  She stopped, shaking her head.  “Like he’d figured something out, but he didn't know what it was.  And without looking away from me, he just said to the desk sergeant, ‘The kid’s mine.  And he’s late for work.’”  She raised her hands, a universal gesture of surrender.  “Then he just turned and left.  By the time the sergeant wrestled me out to the front desk, with me fighting him the whole way, Tony was just calmly counting off bills, and I still don’t know if he was paying my bail or he just thought a bribe involved just…” She shook her head. “Putting down money until someone told him to stop.”
Steve smiled at Tony, who was smiling back, and beyond him, he could see DJ, with Tony’s eyes and his own smile.  Everything he’d ever wanted, and nothing he could’ve asked for.  All here.  As far as he’d ever been from home, and yet.
He suddenly wanted to be anywhere but here.  Of all the places for his heart to be broken, the woman’s locker room hadn’t even been on the list of possibilities.  It felt somehow appropriate anyway.
Bill’s eyes widened.  “Right then,” he said, straightening up.  But behind him, one of the men had turned abruptly toward the street, pulling the collar of his jacket up against a non-existent chill.  Steve stared at him, making note of him in as much detail as he could.  An instant before Happy put the car back in gear, the man glanced back, his eyes catching Steve’s.
“There aren’t enough hedges in the world,” Bruce said, his voice dire, but he let Bobbi propel him out of the kitchen.
“Where am I and how did I get here?” Darcy mumbled.  She peered out at them from under one floppy bunny ear.  “Who-”  Jane held her glasses up in front of her face, and she took them.  “What-”
It was an order, and everyone, as one, reached for a chair.  Steve glanced at DJ, his face tense, and DJ gave him what he hoped was a reassuring smile.  “I…  Want to know what’s happening,” he managed, reaching for his chair.  He was tired, and everything hurt, his head, his throat, his hands.  But he looked at Agatha, his fingers twitching on the arms of the chair.  “I…  Do know you.”
Someone laughed, a laugh that sounded almost like a sob.  No one stopped working.  Across the floor, Bruce kept scrubbing at his station, and Tony was almost certain that he was actually unconscious.  Peter was leaning on his mop, slackjawed and swaying on his feet.  Tony resisted the urge to kick the mop out of his hands, mostly because he didn’t want to pay the workman’s comp claim when the kid faceplanted onto something sharp.  “We’ve still got to set the walk in, Chef.”
Steve shifted the baby back to her arms.  “But he took care of you,” he said, and it wasn’t a question, not really.
Shuri made a gesture like a tree toppling.  “You will never know what hit you,” she said.  She headed for the inn, for the front door, where Bucky and Sam were both waiting, with various levels of patience.
“Yeah, I could use a workout,” Luke said, cracking his knuckles.  “Making friends and building bridges, that's us.”
Tony let out a breath that sounded almost like a laugh.  "Jesus, what a mess."  His head fell back.  "What an absolute mess, Steve, how the fuck did we end up doing this to ourselves?"
Darcy kicked out with her legs and rolled to her feet.  “Did you get me my-” Sitwell tossed a snack sized bag of Pretzel M&Ms at her, and she snagged them out of mid-air.  “Excellent.”  She leaned over, brushing a kiss against Harris’ cheek.  “Off to soothe the savage science department,” she said, her voice cheerful.
Tony picked up a spindle that had been set to the side, turning it over in his hand.  It wasn't until he rolled the slim metal rod between his fingertips that he felt the flaw, the almost imperceptible bend halfway down the length.  He set it back down, a little too close to the good parts, and DJ immediately collected it, putting it back with the rejects.
DJ tried to smile.  “ Oh.” His head fell forward again.  “I just- Wanted to be sure.  That you-”  He stopped, his mouth going into a tight line.  “Not you.  Him.  He’s not…  He’s not you.  I know that.  I knew that.  But-”  He took a breath.  “Wanted to know.”
Pepper's smile grew.  "Glad to see that you've switched to the society pages, Gary, how's the paygrade on that at the London Times?"
“Every person I’ve ever been in a relationship with has stabbed me at least once, you think I’m scared of THAT?” Clint asked.  “Actually.  New plan.  Group cosplay.  We’re all going as Tony Stark.”
May Parker took three dancing steps forward, her sensible shoes set against the carpet, one of Peter’s baseball bats held firmly in her hands.  She reared back and swung, with a form that Babe Ruth himself would’ve admired.  The tip of the bat arced over her shoulder, past her face, hanging in midair for what felt like an infinite amount of time.
“You should think about it,” Tony said, smoothing his tie down.  “It would make both of our days much easier.”
The video was the last thing he'd done on the phone, so it was still sitting there, ready to go.  The sound wasn't the best, but the footage was clear enough.
“What's worse, he's never given the shovel talk,” Sam said. He waved a hand in Steve's direction. “I mean, would you give him the shovel talk?”
“I'm doing my best,” Steve said.  He took a deep breath.  “Want to dance?  With me?” he asked Tony, the words coming out a little too fast, stumbling over themselves.  Tony blinked at him, and Steve stopped, his hands flexing at his sides.  “Sorry.  Let me try that again.”
"He seldom does," Steve said, the words out of his mouth before he even knew they were there.  Stark's head snapped up, his eyebrows arching, and Steve felt his face heat.  "I mean-"
“Right.  So those are your arguments?  That you asked first, that it won’t be legal, and that none of the team can ruin it for us?”
She whipped out one of the blank certificates, holding it up.  “Still.”  She looked over the top of it.  “If you saw this hanging on the wall of a dentist’s office, you wouldn’t even look twice, would you?”
Rogers squeezed his eyes shut.  “I think there's a pillow and blanket missing from the bed,” he said.  “But his things are still here.  He wasn't trying to leave, he was trying to find someplace to hide.”  He looked at the window, his profile lit with sunshine.  “It was cold last night.  I doubt he left the house.”
There was silence, and DJ looked up.  Harris was looking down at Darcy, his face hidden from view.  As if he felt DJ’s gaze on him, he looked up.  He gave DJ a reassuring smile.  “You found him.  Was…”  His voice trailed away, as if he didn’t know the question to ask, or maybe he didn’t know how to ask it.
"DJ has inherited from his father certain...  Traits," Jarvis said, the words careful.  Almost delicate.  "Like his father, he has a strong desire to live up to the expectations placed upon him, even if those expectations are unspoken.  Even if they are only in his head.  For his...  Parents, he wants to be perfect, and is well aware that perfection is an impossible goal.  But he still strives for it."
Steve’s chin dipped in a nod.  “Well, there’s a lot of stars up there,” he said.  “Might’ve been both.”
The words didn’t really make sense, a nervous, uneven rattle of syllables. He talked for talking’s sake, instinct driving him on.  DJ was still crying, but it sounded normal now, just an exhausted, frustrated child.  He pressed his face against Tony’s shoulder, burrowing into the fabric.  Tony stroked a hand up and down his back, smoothing his hair, patting him gently when his breathing hitched.
Tony balanced him, his body relaxed, his hands in constant motion as he bit out his words.  His tension bled out in small ways, in the way he shifted his weight back and forth on the balls of his feet, always on the edge of flight.  His face was open and calm, a slight smile on his face, but his eyes were blank and sharp.
“I’m kinda thinking that you’re mad because of the wedding picture, which, okay, that was in bad taste.”
If they kept talking, and Steve knew they were still talking, they never stopped talking, but he could no longer hear them.  His world had shrunk, to those gleaming bells.
DJ’s fingers traced the familiar lines of his backpack.  He could feel each plate, and he knew exactly what each one did, where it would sit on the armor when it formed.  He smoothed the pad of his thumb over one particular piece, back and forth.  “If I was home, I would be sure,” he said, choosing each word carefully.  Feeling them form between his lips and his tongue and his teeth, testing them before he gave them breath.  “Here?  No.”  He looked up at Tony.  “But…  The margin of error is small.”
“Get off of me, get OFF OF ME,” Tony yelled, and Bruce's hands were locked on his shirt, his weight pinning Tony to the floor.
"I beg your pardon, I am a delight," Tony told him, as the others settled into place.  Once everyone was seated, he took his own seat.  His seat.  Which was facing a cat across the dinner table, his line of sight taken up by a twitching pair of ears and golden eyes peeking over the edge of the table.  "Hank, this is your fault."
“You appear to be having a breakdown, which is more Pepper's wheelhouse than mine, but, okay.”  Tony heard Rhodey take a seat, and he knew just where he was and what he was doing, because those kitchen chairs of his always creaked.  “Tony.  Did you have any sort of discussion?  Were you drunk, or-”
Tony brought his chin up.  "You're angling to be the first," he said.  He turned back to his work.  "Dispose of the urchin.  And put a note on him that he is not to be fed in the morning."
"God, no, that was VILE," Steve said.  He sounded shocked, and Tony struggled against an entirely inappropriate sense of satisfaction.
“Och, and that always goes so well for us, doesn’t it?” his mother said.  But she was laughing, so it was okay.  She turned her attention back to her pot of soup, shaking her head as the steam curled around her face.  “What brought this up?”
Tony nodded.  “What time is-” He caught sight of the clock and bit out a curse.  “You shouldn’t have let me sleep.”
"Hey, sport," he said, his voice booming in the small space.  The boy flinched, his feet skittering backwards on the polished marble floor.  Obie didn't seem to notice, or maybe he just didn't care.  He reached out, ruffling the boy's hair with a rough hand.  "You're gonna have such a great time!"
He didn’t know how long he’d been sitting there, staring into space, before Tony sank down next to him.  “Steve-”
“Acceptable,” Tony said, with a slight smile.  He snuggled back into the pillows behind him.  God, he ached.  His book slid off his knee, and he made a grab for it before he could lose his place.  Not that it'd be hard to find it again.  He'd managed about four pages in the last hour.  “Until I walked into your apartment, Steve, I had no idea that there were this many books on Brooklyn history in the world.”
Steve made a face. "Okay, I regret that I married the man without telling him I love him," he said, and it came out so easily, so naturally, that he barely recognized that he'd said it. Telling the truth, it turns out, was remarkably freeing.
“It won't,” Tony said.  “But it's nice of you to try.”  In the background of the call, Steve heard a knock on Tony's office door.  “Stay out of the casinos, okay?  I've got prep work to do.”
“Technically, I’d done that before you,” Steve admitted.  He go his pants zipped and didn’t bother to button them.  He looked up, and Tony was staring at him, his mouth hanging open.  “Peggy,” he said.  “Staff car.”
“Right.” Rhodey peeked across the foyer.  Steve was sitting on the main staircase, DJ next to him, Furbro draped across the boy’s knees.  DJ’s attention was on the cat, Steve’s attention was on his feet.  Rhodey sighed.  “How’s Tone?”
“Only because you take it as a personal affront,” Tony said.  “Also, Darcy is difficult to impress.”
"What are you-" Steve rocked back in his chair.  Tony, laughing, straightened up.  He was wearing a black vest over a white shirt, a napkin draped over his arm, and a crisp bow tie.  "What are you wearing?" Steve managed.
The waitstaff Jan had hired had been efficient and well trained.  Before they’d left for the night, they’d wrapped up the excess food and collected the used dishes and glassware, filling the fridge and the dishwasher.  Despite their best efforts, though, a few pieces had escaped their notice, and Steve busied himself tossing the occasional discarded napkin or bit of food, collecting plates from side tables and from the floor beside chairs.
“Among others,” Steve said.  He shifted, the shield bumping against his knees.  He gripped the rim, holding himself together with the same grip.  “Does everyone in the house have a codename?”
“I didn't watch this for the music,” Tony said.  “I watched this for-”  He waved a hand at the screen, where a lithe young blond man was jumping around, naked to the waist and waving a sword with a great deal of enthusiasm.  The leading lady, dressed in an oversized flannel shirt and jeans, as shoved forward by her bikini clad peers.  “Look, teenage-Tony appreciated the costume design.”  Steve gave him a look.  Tony shrugged.  “Or lack thereof.”
You could fight a lot of things.  But when he fell in love, it seemed like a thing that was always going to happen.  Regular as sunrise.  Natural as the rains.
"I would very much prefer if you didn't light any of my meager positions on fire," Steve said.  "Especially not while it's still in my apartment.  My landlord is absolutely going to notice that."  He picked up the blanket from the floor, shaking it out.  "Lie back down, and I'll get you something to drink."
“No offense,” he said, his jaw aching.  “But stay there.”  He met the man’s blue eyes without flinching, and how odd, how very odd to see that face and those eyes and those lips and feel nothing.  Or worse than nothing.  “You’re not the first doppelganger I’ve met, and I haven’t had much luck with dealing with Steve Rogers that aren’t my Steve.”  He stopped, his shoulders twitching up in a shrug. “Our Steve.”
“Sorry,” he said, his eyebrows arching.  “This is swing time.  Properly scheduled and very important to the smooth functioning of the household.”  He reached out, patting Rogers lightly on the chest.  “You understand, old sport.”
“Okay, okay,” Steve said, taking hold of Sam’s wrists.  He was grinning, somehow. “It may not change anything, Sam.”
“They left before me, so…” Tony shrugged as he piled the wine bottles on the counter.  “I was in a better mood.”  That might’ve been a lie.  He wasn’t sure any longer.  “And now, I have dishes to do.”
Her eyelashes fluttered in his direction.  “I'm sorry,” she said, her voice sugary sweet, “but this has nothing to do with you.”  She pressed her fingers delicately against her breast.  “I am throwing a party.  A large, lovely party.  I'll be inviting all of my friends. Who happen to be your friends as well.”  Her teeth flashed in a sharp, dangerous sort of smile.  “Show up.  Or you will regret it.”
The bottle rattled against the glass shelf of the fridge as he tossed it back in, grabbing a plastic bottle of water instead.  He kicked the fridge door shut.  “Look, we’re all dying, Pepper, and yeah, probably I’m doing it at a slightly faster pace than most of the people in New York, because, well, the super hero thing, but in my defense-”
Greer pinched the bridge of her nose.  “I like his ass,” she said.  “Can I get a flower arrangement that says ‘I like your ass?’”
The photographer showed up promptly at nine, escorted be a large, bombastic bald man.  By that time, DJ had been fed, dressed, and fussed over, Mrs. Parker kneeling down in front of him to smooth his hair.  She whispered to him, her words inaudible to the rest of the room, but he giggled, his cheeks pink.
“Generally, reconnaissance missions don’t usually involve conversation,” he pointed out.  He headed down the path along the edge of the house, scanning the windows as he passed each one.
“Professional courtesy, that’s all I’m saying.”  Clint swung the bow off his back, snapping the tip of it against the shield that Steve immediately moved, trying to tuck it behind his back.  Clint exhaled, a soft whistle of breath.  “Now, that’s curious.”
“Fuck you,” the man spat at him, and Steve reared back, lifting him up and out and slamming him back against the window.
The passenger door opened, and Tony stumbled out, his face white, his eyes huge, and relief hit Steve like a physical impact.  He didn’t slow down, didn’t drop the shield, just plowed forward, and Tony met him halfway.
Tony just looked at him, his eyes narrowed.  “See, if I give you any time to plan, you’re a very good liar, Officer.  If you have time to strategize, you’re absolutely impenetrable.”  His lips twitched.  “But if I can manage to catch you off guard, you are…”  Tony shook his head.  “Let’s just say, you can’t bluff your way out of a wet paper bag.”
“I really didn't have a choice!” Tony said.  His head fell forward.  “And then I woke up and he was, he was-”  He sucked in a breath, trying to clear his head. “And he was right there, he was asleep, he was in my bed, and he's wearing those running shorts of his, and they're fucking indecent, Rhodes, someone's going to call the cops on him one of these days-”
“Better now that I no longer have to hold myself from bludgeoning a wizard to death with whatever comes to hand,” Tony said.  “Because when it comes to things capable of inflicting blunt force trauma, the workshop is an embarrassment of riches.”
“Picking the loudest room in the house is helpful,” Tony mused, swinging Pepper into an intricate step.  “And our new bandleader likes a driving baseline.”
“Oh, are you going to wake up now?” he asked, his fingers smoothing over Tony's cheek. “Hi,” he whispered.
Sam grinned.  “You might not notice, what with the whole 'throwing yourself off of tall objects' thing,” he said, settling down in a loose crouch in front of Steve, “but I'm usually cursing at you when I catch you.”
Natasha gave Clint a look, and he shrugged.  She turned back to Tony.  “It’s not cover,” she said, one leg swinging slowly back and forth through the air, her skirts swishing with the movement.  “It’s a job application.”
Harris, his pace slowed to a walk, headed up the hallway, and the staffer looked up.  “Hi,” he said, shifting in his seat.  It rocked under him, the legs creaking, and he steadied himself with a hand on the wall.  “Sorry.  No public access up here.  If you’re looking for-”
“Okay.  Yes.  This is, this is a thing you're all doing, and it's very nice, why is there fabric?”  Bruce nodded, a jittery little jerk of his head.  “Actually, never mind, I don't dance, so-”
“If I promise not to tell Steve that DJ has, you know, inherited your complete lack of self-preservation, can we stop having this conversation now?” Bruce asked.
“Those things are expensive, can you not use ‘em as props?”  The voice echoed through the fog above them, and another form in black, a bow slung over one shoulder, slid down the drainpipe.  Clint landed with a surprisingly light tread, the arrows in his quiver sighing against each other.
Steve leaned up against the wall, his head tipped forward, focusing on his feet as the phone rang.  He shifted it to his other hand, doing his best not to drop it or the paper bag in his other hand, never lifting his head up.  He counted the rings and considered disconnecting the line with every single one.
He could hear them now, questions being called from all directions, and he was a pro at ignoring the stupid ones, the ones that were just trying to get a rise out of him.  But a few, cherrypicked from the horde, were just what he wanted.  He focused on those, not caring who was asking.  The question was all that mattered.
“Even sheets,” Clint said, and DJ groaned.  Clint tossed a towel over his head.  “Fine.  Five dollar bonus for dealing with sheets.”  He stuck out a hand.  “Deal, shortstack?”
“You've been up there for fifteen minutes now,” Jan said, her hands on her hips.  She pointed one imperious finger at the ground.  “Get down here and help me demonstrate!”
“And that's why it's only 'every so often,'” Pepper said.  “Happy'll be out front waiting for you in ten minutes.”
Steve doffed his cap, tucking it under his arm.  “Good day, Mr. Jarvis.  I have the report on last night's incident.” He shifted his weight.  “Miss Potts requested it?”
“It could work.”  Tony raised her hand, and she spun around beneath their joined fingers, lithe and easy.  She moved constantly, with an energy and an enthusiasm that Tony found to be exhausting and exhilarating in equal parts.
The only reply was the sound of the front door slamming shut, and Steve collapsed on the bed next to Tony, laughing out loud.  Tony's head tipped in his direction, grinning at him.  “That's your best friend,” he said, his eyes dancing.
The young man’s hand hung there, open and empty, between them for another moment.  Then it fell back to his side, his smile losing some of its brilliance. “Of course,” he said, his voice as smooth and polite as ever.  “You’re welcome to wait.  Though I’ve no idea how long it will be.”
Steve jerked upright, his heart in his throat.  Tony was hovering in the doorway, his shirt open at the throat, his sleeves rolled up to his elbows.  He reached up, pushing his hair back.  “Chess?” he asked DJ, who held up a piece in each hand.
"I'm not even going to let you finish that lie, really, you're just embarrassing yourself."  But Steve's arm loosened, lowering him to his feet.  He leaned forward, his mouth so close to Tony's ear that Tony could feel the heat of his breath.  "Behave."
“Now, boys, behave, or there’ll be no dessert for any of you.” May reached back, untying her apron.  “Mr. Rhodes, do we have something with a strong, steady beat?”
“Pretty sure he has a birthday in the last six months or the next six months,” Tony said.  He gave the cake a look.  He was pretty sure it had moved on its own.  “In any case, I’m guessing this’ll be just as edible then as it is now.”
Her voice trailed away, and Steve gave her a reassuring smile.  “Thanks for coming, I know it's not a convenient time, but-”
“Really?  You're claiming there's an order to your wall of crazy?” Jesse asked.  “That's exciting.  Kinda unbelievable, but exciting.”
“Why?” Harris asked, and Tony groaned.  Harris flapped a hand in his direction.  “You were going to ask, you were just going to do it when I wasn’t around.”
Next to him, Pepper was laughing.  “You don't have to sound quite so morose about that,” she pointed out.
"No need."  Thor reached down and tucked a forearm against the back of her thighs, lifting her clear off the ground and up to eye level.  He smiled at her.  "There.  That is better."
Stark nodded, shoving the car door open. “All right,” he agreed.  He leaned out the door.  “Just give the urchin a nickel and send him on his way, Steve!” he called as he slid out.
“I want you to consider this as a tithe from a worshipper,” Harris said, “rather than the sort of indignity that would cause you to consume my soul or perhaps one of my legs.”
Tony curled his hand against Steve’s cheek.  “Better?” he asked, with a smile, and Steve exhaled, all the tension bleeding out of his face.  Tony leaned forward, resting his forehead on Steve’s.  “I’m right here, Steve.  Not going anywhere.”
The teenager hummed for a second, his nose wrinkling.  "Not everyone-" he waved a hand at the crowd.  "Dangerous.  To be here.  Some people-"  He stopped again, one finger tapping at the table, where the rainbow flag rested.  "No one knows."
'Pretty good' was high praise from Jesse.  Ellen clicked on the graphics icon again, and this time, she was rewarded with a half dozen error messages about how there was another version of the program already running, and a single picture.
Cynthia smiled. “I bet they'd like that,” she said.  “Now, if you don't mind, I should get back to work before I get fired.”
“Guess I scared ‘em,” Happy said, as a variety of thumps and bangs came from the other side of the door.  A moment of rattling locks and then the door was nudged open.
Light pulsed outwards from DJ’s palms, washing over everything, knocking Harris back a step, and leaving a hint of sulfur and the lingering echo of thunder in its wake.  It was like a firework had gone off in the middle of the convention, sharp and brilliant and gone as quickly as it had come.
He didn’t have to ask who ‘he’ was.  Steve took a deep breath, ignoring the way his chest ached.  “He sent you.”
After a long, still moment, Tony’s chin dipped in a slight nod.  “Right.  Of course.”  He let out a breath that sounded almost like a laugh.  “Of course you are.”
“Oh, God,” Tony said, his head dropping to Steve’s shoulder.  “Stop.  First of all, can we go with no?  Stop?  Make it-”
Steve’s hands slid up, his fingers brushing against the rough edge of Tony’s bandages.  He stilled, his eyes locked with Tony’s.  “Stay here,” he said, and Tony blinked, his face going blank.  “Promise me.  That’ll you’ll stay here in the house, where you’re safe, until we find out-”
“Sleep,” he said, the single word succinct.  “Wake me when we hit New York state.”  He wrenched the door to the bedroom open and stumbled through, only to find the bed was already occupied.
"Yes, that must've hurt," Steve said, his voice wry.  He walked around the far side of the couch.  "C'mon, Tony."  He tucked his phone away and reached for Tony's hands.  "Bedtime."
“I know that this is a refrain that you’ve heard a dozen times or more today,” Tony said, setting a bowl precisely in front of Rhodey, “but fuck if I know.”
“This is more stressful than presents should be,” Bruce said, tugging the paper apart.  A few moments later, he pulled a clock out of the box.  The numbers on the front had been replaced by elements from the periodic table, the notations bright and cartoonish. There was a moon/sun icon inset on one side, to indicate AM and PM.  Bruce grinned down at it.  “This is great, thanks.”
Steve choked on a laugh.  “Come on, Stark.”  He tugged gently on Tony's hand, and Tony followed him, down the street and around the corner, into a nearby parking lot.  On the end of one row, in a visitor's spot, Steve's motorcycle was waiting, gleaming in the late afternoon sun.
Jarvis sighed again, and Tony gritted his teeth.  “You didn’t say goodbye.” Jarvis collected a handful of empty saucers and a brandy tumbler from the sideboard.  He piled them on his tray, and Tony glared at him.  Jarvis ignored that with the grace of long practice.  “That wasn’t particularly well done of you.”
“If you held it in, you'd die,” Sam told him.  Natasha poked him in the shoulder.  “What the hell was that for?”
Tony met his gaze with an easy smile. “I'm not going anywhere, Steve.” The words were light. Easy. They ate through him like acid, and he hated himself. “I need you, too.”
“I’m going to take your word for it,” Steve said.  He stood, gathering his things.  He was more than a little pleased that Tony made no move to leave without him.  “What’d you get?”
Steve's lips twitched.  "Okay, a lot of them are Clint.” He started ticking them off on his fingers.  “Clint, Natasha, Carol, Thor-"
Steve's skin iced over, but he kept his face still.  In the pool, Rhodey raised his arm in a wave.  “You going to be staying for lunch, Agent Coulson?”
“I think the turn of phrase was, 'Captain America,'” Aimsbridge mused. “There was probably more. But I stopped listening at this point.”
“Right.”  Steve shoved a hand through his hair.  “He's going to be fine, Hitomi, but he's really out of it right now.  I can wake him, if you-”
“Well, too bad.  He’s awake.”  Steve  looked over his shoulder in time to see Tony roll over, pushing at the pillows.  He sat up with a groan, the sheets pooling in his lap.  He shoved a hand through his hair.  “What’s wrong, botbrain?”
“Probably.  I found them,” Jess said, blinking at him from behind a curtain of dark hair.  “Seriously, though, how do you wake up Clint, because he’s snoring like a congested heifer and I really need a shower.”
Steve heaved a sigh and turned, wiping his hands on a rag.  “They’re really, really good cookies,” he said.  Tony was leaning in his window, his hair damp and disordered, his sleeves rolled back to his elbows.  He grinned up at Steve, and Steve felt the last of the tension go out of his chest.  “Don’t suppose it’s working on you?”
“Well, I was gonna, but then you said please,” Jessica said.  “What're you even doing here, Jan?  You don't live here.”
Tony's fingers flexed against his chest, the tips sliding across the fabric, and the skin beneath, and it was barely a touch, barely contact.  But the intimacy of it, the way Tony leaned in, the way his head tipped to the side, his lips open, his breath warm on the angle of Steve's jaw, on his cheek, and he was losing his mind.
There was a long moment of silence.  "How badly did they fuck up the pool?" Carol asked, and the room erupted in jeers.  "Serious question!" she said, fending off a wad of paper that someone threw at her head.  "Are we accepting this?  Are we accepting this for the 'Who's going to get married in Vegas' pool?"
“You’re very good with a broom when you’re a bot,” Steve agreed.  “Finish your oatmeal, go charge a bit, then you can do that for me, okay?”
“Not in the least, but if you had said we hadn’t, I would’ve cried.  Straight up cried,” Tony said.  He looked across the kitchen floor.  Bruce was still scrubbing away at his station.  “I think he’s sleep cleaning.  Is sleep cleaning a thing?  Like sleep walking but instead of wandering off, he’s just bleaching the hell out of a six inch square of his station.”
Thor glanced at Steve, who was rubbing his eyes with the heel of one hand.  “I do not know if I’m prepared for this gift,” he said to DJ.  But he opened his box anyway, pulling out a braided loop of wire.  He grinned.  “I recognize your skills in this.”
“Of course,” Jarvis said, his voice tart.  “Then you won’t require my help in finding where they are in the playroom.”
“Which is now universally regarded as a mistake, it's true,” Tony said, trying not to laugh.  “Barton, seriously?”
He wandered across the kitchen to peer over Steve's shoulder.  "When you move in, you move all the way in," he said, making Steve laugh.
Steve looked up in time to see Tony come through the door from the house, DJ’s hand slipping away from his as they entered the solarium.  DJ darted over to Pepper, who crouched down to catch his hands in hers and spin him in a circle. Tony wandered in behind DJ, a slight smile on his face.  He was stripped down to his shirt and vest, his hair rumpled, and a streak of grease just above his jaw on one cheek.  “Watch it, Romeo,” he called.  “She’s taken.”
DJ looked up to find Harris peering over the back of the seat at him.  He managed a smile and a nod, and Harris smiled back.  His face was pale and washed out in the flickering lights, but still, something he knew.  Something he was comfortable with.
“And the things that I hate the most are the things that require my personal intervention,” Tony said.  “Are we giving me any information with which to-”
"I think so, too," he said.  He brought his hand up, the dowel slipping free of his fingers.  It dropped, straight down, the tip impaling into the grass.  "Maybe..."  Steve stepped away from it, half turning towards DJ.  "Maybe our almost-knight stays right where he is, maybe he stays there, and watches.  Protects.  Protects the world from the dragon."
Steve's eyes rolled up towards the sky.  “We're going to make it go away, okay?” he said, his lips twitching.  “We'll get a nice-”
The wind kicked up, and Tony shivered, the air slicing against his skin.  Behind him, Clint boosted himself up onto the hood of the car, his legs crossed at the ankles, his hands stacked behind his head.
“No.  No, I didn’t.”  Stark’s fingers relaxed.  “I did not, and I will not, ever strike my child.  That was never an option.  And despite that-”  His head bobbed in a little nod.  “For a split second, it seemed like the only option I had.  It’s happened before.  It’ll happen again.  And every time, I’m going to have to make that choice.  To be a father in a different way than my father choose.”
“No, we can't,” Tony said, and he felt the pen bounce off of the top of his head.  “I know that was you, Potts.”
“Person’d have to be pretty stupid, to get distracted from one trap by another one,” Steve agreed with a tight smile.
“Give me one good reason I should still take you to the movies tonight,” Tony said, deliberately away from Steve.  “One good reason.”  DJ flopped forward, his head tucked against Tony’s shoulder.  Tony tried not to laugh as DJ peeked up at him, his face sad.  “All right, that is a very effective argument.  However, I refuse to be seen in public with a boy who has soap in his hair.  How will we be handling this?”
Steve leaned against the wall, bracing his shoulders against the cold stone.  He glanced up at the sky, and it was clear here, clearer than he remembered the last time he'd set foot in the city, before the war, before the ice.  But it was still the same sky, still hiding in the cracks between the buildings.
“You’re not fat, and even if you were, it wouldn’t change how I felt about you,” Steve said, as if Tony hadn’t said a word.  “Health wise, I am a bit concerned about your cholesterol levels, because your eating habits are kind of terrifying and-”
"Manners," May said, her tone affectionate, and Peter grinned up at him.  She shook her head.  "Be useful and help DJ."
Steve buried his head in his arms, laughing so hard that he felt like he was going to cry.  It took him three tries to get himself under control enough to ask, “Why am I not surprised?”
Bucky nodded, looking like half-starved hamster, his cheeks bulging as he shoved another bite into his mouth.  "Mmmshszh," he said.
Steve braced his sketchbook against his knee. “That sounds like the loneliest experience I can imagine,” he said. I mean, what's movies, what's the theater, other than finding the human heart of a story? To laugh at the same time as the fella next to you, to see a girl crying real tears over a pretend person?”
“Get away from the windows,” Steve repeated, and he was four steps away now, three, two.  He didn’t stop and Tony refused to give way, his bare feet braced on the carpet.  Steve reached out, catching Tony’s arm.  “I gave you an order, Mr. Stark.”
Tony's chin dipped, the faintest hint of a nod.  "Right."  And then, again, "Right."  He took a deep breath.  "Can you look into that for me?"  She shifted away from him, and Tony turned back to meet her eyes.  "Quietly."
“Budget cuts, more like.” Tony stood up and brushed his suit pants off. “Well, boys, it has been a real pleasure. I'm going to go wait outside while the good Captain does his thing.”
He must have moaned or made some other minimal noise, because suddenly a sharp blue gaze was focused on him and Tony felt his own cock twitching.
Steve was cut off by the door pushing open and none-other-than Tony Stark himself storming in like a hurricane. “Right. Pepper? Where we at? Is this the charity wanting me to sell my soul? Or Hammer wanting another partnership?”
After they had eaten, Stark went back to his book while Cap found a drawing tablet in his duffel bag and began sketching to pass the time. It was quiet for a lot longer than he expected, but eventually there was a huff from across the room and he suddenly knew that Stark had reached his limit.
Tony, eyes still closed and voice still half asleep, smiled just slightly. "That's okay, you still love me."
Tony could tell, his hand sliding along Steve’s face and feeling the warmth of his skin. “I think you have a fever. Listen, Steve… I have a friend that’s a scientist with biology experience. We can fix this with science. You don’t have to—”
"I get that. But you have to… you have to work with me here. Give me time to adjust to all of this." He scraped a hand over his face. "Fuck. I'm still your damn boss. And how is the public going to react if I say I've met
"Fucking Howard. Ask me if I'm surprised, Steve." He shook his head. "Listen… I don't know how to do this. I've hated this damn tattoo since the last time someone faked it and was going to marry me based on a lie."
Lunch took over four weeks to happen. And even then, it was more of a mid-afternoon ‘I’m not busy wanna grab pho?’ thing. Followed by a ‘Steve, seriously, you don’t know what pho is? Welcome to the new century.’
... he could tell people to shut up! “Here is how this is going to work: we are going to offer the women the highest severance pay they can think of, as well as a glowing recommendation to their next employer. We are also going to publicly apologize for allowing all of this bullshit to happen under our noses.
It was early, sun barely cresting over the horizon, but Steve already had energy coursing through him.
He skimmed around the bed, feeling Steve’s intense gaze following his every movement, until he got to the bedside table and opened the drawer. He plucked one condom from the box, but on second thought grabbed another two and left them on top of the table (
“I’ll meet them upstairs,” Tony told the crew, before going to the elevator that would take him directly to the landing pad at the top of the building.
“Nonsense. The boys and I were just playing some strip poker to pass the time. You see their boss only paid them half the money up front, so they got a little irritated at me constantly reciting the periodic table and decided it wasn't worth it to keep going on the job. So they set me free.”
“Stop! Shut up, all of you.” Tony pushed his chair back and stood, ignoring the looks that people were giving him. He was the
Before Bucky could keep ranting at him, Steve's pocket began to ring. It wasn't the normal sound that his phone made, though. Instead, it was a shrill sound that immediately put him on alert.
I want someone to find a good self-defense instructor and everyone in the building who would like to learn will get a free lesson. So that the next time one of these dicks thinks they can touch a woman without consent… she can kick his ass.”
“They’re here,” one of the medics called, hurrying out onto the landing pad as the back of the jet opened.
Saying goodbye to Joanna… well, it made him realize that soulmates were absolute bullshit and he would never let fate decide who he was
“I considered it,” Tony answered. “After about the fifth time being slammed onto that mat. I’m not as young and spry as some people.”
“Between that fact, and the years I’ve spent accompanying Rogers on missions, I am probably one of the very few people that knows the truth.” When Tony didn’t immediately reply, Romanov stepped forward and tapped a finger against his chest, right where the tattoo laid, beneath his high-dollar shirt. “I’m sure that having multiple people pretend to be your soulmate, only for you to find out the truth… was
view from the back of the large room… until the cameras clicked on and suddenly the guy was up close and personal on the big screens bracketing the stage.
Well, I’m not sure it’s fair to say that. We aren’t fighting like back then, but we still have soldiers waking up every morning on foreign soil, laying down their lives to protect our freedom. So I make sure to wake up and think about them. Think about the lives lost, both past and present, and the ones still fighting.
Five years later, Joanna showed up. She was everything that Meredith wasn’t, and he had no problem falling for her. When he saw the mark on her chest, he traced the tattoo in silent awe and a bit of fear.
Tony’s chest itched. He ignored the tingling in his palms as he shook Steve’s hand, and then immediately brought his hand up to scratch at the center of his chest. Apparently the fact that Steve Rogers,
“Yeah, yeah. We’ve all heard it. Genius or not, Steve is now suffering from Faux Grief Syndrome, because of you. While he’s been fighting to get his memories back, something else has felt lost to the point that he’s shutting down emotionally.”
Ironically, this report comes after a very public bashing on twitter and in People Magazine, by America's favorite hero Captain America, who called out Stark Industries for not having any board members that weren't males over the age of seventy…
An hour later he was back up in the penthouse, looking through his private lab for the specs that he had configured in his last sleep-deprived daze, when JARVIS announced Pepper's arrival. Tony popped his head up over the machine he was tinkering with and frowned at the way Pepper looked. Her hair was a mess, clothes askew, and spots of sweat could be seen. Tony’s eyebrows raised. “Ms. Potts! Have you been doing the dirty?”
Cue meeting Captain America for the first time, and I have to spend a long minute finding my voice, while he smiles politely at me.
That guy! I can’t say that I’ve ever met Mr. Stark, but if I did, I would have a few choice words, let me tell you. Not the least of which would be cluttering up our beautiful skyline with his ugly building.
Tony ignored the ache in his chest and focused back on making sure his second-in-command survived the night.
There was a sudden lucidity in his voice that hadn’t been there before. Tony raised a hand up and laid it on Steve’s cheek. “Yeah, pal? You okay in there?”
Steve held a hand out to him. “Perfect, sir.” Once Tony was back on his feet, Steve turned back to the crowd and began explaining the next move…
Two former employees of the global conglomerate Stark Industries stepped forward today with reports of sexual abuse happening within the company. The women, both filing the claim anonymously through law firm Nelson and Murdock, claim to have been sexually assaulted on numerous occasions by SI board member Obadiah Stane. Stane, a long time family friend of the Stark family, has been with the company since it's formation in the sixties.
He was quickly losing his courage. If he went back home at that point… he would never find the strength to make it back. “I’m his soulmate, sir.” He reached up, grabbing a bit of his jacket and shirt so that he could pull it down and show off his matching mark.
hurt Steve being loaded onto a gurney. He stepped out of the way, taking only a minute to note the blood soaking a bandage around Steve’s head, as he allowed the medical personnel to take the Commander downstairs. “Romanov.”
Commander Rogers sat in the backseat of a sleek black town car, en route from LaGuardia International, to downtown Manhattan. Something about flying commercial, rather than on the private jets of SHIELD, always gave him a headache. But with their funding suddenly drastically cut… well, it didn’t make sense to fly the jet 250 miles, just so he could attend a business meeting with his new boss.
A large, fancy town car pulled up next to him. Steve turned to look, hair falling a bit in his face as he watched the black car roll to a stop and the rear window roll down.
And maybe that whole thing was part of the headache thumping incessantly behind his eyes. He was SHIELD’s second-in-command, and the week prior had been a bit of a shit storm. Their leader had announced his retirement, a few short hours before the new president made his own announcement — that all funding to private military contractors would be cut in half. Which meant SHIELD was suddenly down both a leader and half of its budget.
Suddenly the smile on Steve’s face turned genuine, and he was beckoning Tony across the room. After a soft kiss was placed on the shield, Steve looked up, and his voice changed
Thankfully, when he got inside, the secretary took pity on him and offered to store the bag, before giving him directions to the conference room where his meeting would be held. The room was empty when he arrived — not surprising, since he was about twenty minutes early — and he opened up his tablet to go over any necessary emails while he waited.
and Tony started to notice the flaws in the mark on her chest. A line was missing. Another was off-center and crooked.
Tony spent about an hour sitting in the quiet of his office, before he finally worked up the nerve to make his way upstairs and knock on Steve’s door. The man that answered looked like a haggard shell of the person Tony was used to seeing. His hair was a mess, he had a shadow of a beard starting to grow, and he was wearing his SHIELD uniform… though it was a wrinkled mess, as if he had been sleeping in it.
). Shucking the wrapper, he finally climbed onto the bed, straddling Steve’s lap and bringing the condom to the tip of that gorgeous cock…
Stark gaped at him like a dying fish for a few minutes, before huffing and walking over to the kitchen to search through its contents.
Steve shuddered, but managed the slightest nod of his head. With that understood, Tony kept one hand on Steve’s left hip (keeping him still) and used the other to guide Steve’s cock carefully inside of his well-prepped ass.
Tony knew none of that, and because of such… well, he didn’t recognize that it made him feel better being near Steve. He generally brushed off his happy mood (the one he got around his Commander) as being attributed to the fact that Commander Rogers was hot and hit about all of the check marks on Tony’s ‘must have’ list, when it came to partners.
He finally sat, but didn’t allow himself to relax. Instead, he pulled out the portfolio that had been put together by the SHIELD accounting team, and slid it across the table. “This is where we stand, financially, without the government backing.”
As soon as they were inside the large master bedroom, Steve was stripping out of his clothing. “I'm sorry… I'm just so
phone. A little bit conceited to put your name on every product, yes, but that could be forgiven if the phones didn’t magically stop working as soon as a brand new — more expensive — version was about to be released.
They got settled in over the next couple of hours — with Stark begrudgingly picking out a few books, while Cap made them a meal of steaks and canned vegetables (the steaks he had thankfully thought to buy on his way up to the house, because they definitely wouldn’t survive on what had been there).
He gave Bucky directions to the parking garage and back elevator that would lead directly to his level of the tower. When he had hung up with the man, he asked JARVIS to allow them access, before anxiously pulling up the security feeds to watch what was happening. Why was he so nervous? He kept biting back the urge to ask JARVIS of their position — which would be stupid, since he was literally watching a feed of that actual information. He twisted his hands around a dirty rag and shifted his weight from one foot to the other.
“Obadiah Stane, yeah. He’s a sleazeball that liked to use the Stark family for their money. Suspect zero in my book.”
Not many people in the future knew about Captain America, but he had promised those that did that he would help if he was ever needed. That sound meant that someone was calling for a favor.
Thankfully, move one had been easy. Kicking Obadiah Stane out of the premises. Because once there was cause for suspicion, suddenly there were security videos and witness statements. The asshole had been quietly living under the Stark Industry name for years… all while making it look like trash in the privacy of his office.
There, on a rainy Tuesday, he met James Barnes (“Bucky, if you want me to like you.”) — a man that would have fit in with the Howling Commandos like he belonged there. Mostly because he didn't let Steve get away with shit. On more than a couple of occasions, he found Steve out behind a bar kicking ass, and dragged him away. “Righteous punk, still fight like you got somethin’ to prove.”
It was about a week after the article ran, that a new report surfaced. Claims that Joanna wasn’t quite the woman she had been saying she was.
Hands went up all over the room. Tony ignored them, beginning to walk down the middle aisle of the auditorium. He raised his voice and called out, “I'll do it.”
Tony climbed out from behind his machine and straightened, ignoring the pops along his spine as he stretched. “Maybe you should have considered that when you went for a little midday hanky-panky?”
So aside from the purchase of Clarabel, any other big chunks of that backpay being spent on fun things?
Steve had been moved to one of the larger apartments, so that the doctor’s could still keep an eye on him, without watching him minute-to-minute.
I’ve been doing it for over a decade now! Which means it’s been about nine years and eleven months since I walked into an interview and got starstruck.
Howlies watching over him; keeping him company when he felt like shit and remembered all that he had lost.
If you’re going to be the number one voice in any industry, make sure you’re leaving an impression on the world.
Cap closed his notebook and gave Stark his attention. “Raising awareness of a problem becomes a benefit for an organization. What if my raising awareness was what sparked those reports of sexual abuse? I’m not arrogant enough to think that I’m the reason for any of that, I’m just saying that sometimes one word can be a catalyst for change. And I’ve noticed in this society that a lot of people are afraid to speak up.”
Tony let out a faux gasp. “You cad! Next thing I know, you’ll be telling me that you drive that fancy motorcycle without a license.”
We are still waiting to hear word from SI's current CEO Virginia Potts, or the namesake of the company Tony Stark, who heads up research and development.
“Ladies and gentlemen, it seems we have finally caught the attention of your esteemed leader. Mr. Stark, welcome. Come on up.” As Tony walked up onto the stage, Steve asked the crowd, “You guys think I'll get fired for this?”
on his twenty-first birthday. Meredith was pretty and sweet and didn’t even immediately bring up the soulmate tattoo. But she was around a lot, and though dating seemed to happen naturally… Tony second-guessed that a lot once he knew the outcome. Hindsight was twenty-twenty.
“I didn’t—” Pepper crossed her arms over her chest. “I’ve been participating in the self-defense classes. Today’s just happened to run over.”
The problem with guarding against any soulmate potential… was it started to change the way your brain reacted chemically, to others. Tony had avoided anything and everything to do with the term ‘soulmate’ after his break up with Joanna. Which included all of the research done in the 90’s about how soulmates actually created a large release of dopamine in the brain, when they were in each other’s general vicinity.
But… how do you date someone, and keep such a huge secret about yourself? I always answer if I’m called. How do I explain being gone for days at a time while I’m on a mission? Or if I get hurt?”
“Okay,” Steve nodded. “Let’s do that then. We’ll do something reminiscent of dating, how does that sound? Even if it is something we keep to ourselves, so that SHIELD and the public don’t find out right away. Time spent together, even doing stuff like dinner and a movie, should help with the moods.”
Steve laughed, and for a moment ducked his head and looked like he was far away and contemplating a joke only he knew.
It was only standing at the gate, that he realized he hadn’t thought too far in advance. What exactly was he supposed to say?
That gave him pause. He reached up almost immediately to rub at the spot on his chest, but knew that it couldn’t possibly be what Steve meant. “Yeah. I’m your boss.”
to get things right. It couldn’t be a coincidence that he was already starting to feel more settled, being around Steve. He stepped forward, let the door swing shut, and said, “
Steve pushed to his feet and stood at attention by force of habit. “Mr. Stark, sir. My name is Commander Steve Rogers and I’m here on behalf of SHIELD.”
was the best explanation that Romanov could provide. They had finished the mission and were gathering at the rally point, waiting for Rogers to meet up with them, when a self-destruct sequence had gone off and destroyed the building. Some other members of the team had gotten a few scrapes and dings, but the Commander had taken the brunt of the damage.
Which is probably how he could recognize immediately that Tony was different. Suddenly it wasn't just a feeling… it was an all encompassing emotion that changed every other part of him. It was like the entire world was suddenly brighter.
he thought, then laughed. Maybe it had been a back up plan. If Steve couldn’t convince Tony to get on board with the SHIELD stuff, he could whip out a fake tattoo and start the whole
“Hey guys.” He waved. Somebody in the back must have fitted him with a microphone. “For those of you that haven't been here before, my name is Steve Rogers and I'm here to teach you all some basic self-defense moves. Do I have anyone willing to volunteer to help out today?”
Even still, it was a job and Bucky’s company could really use the recognition, so there was no way he would ever turn it down. Not to mention the fact that he had to give Stark credit for dealing with a controversial issue like the Stane mess, by initiating steps to protect women in the future. He was all for that kind of support.
, looked like he was designed in a lab to be every woman’s (and man’s) perfect wet dream… was just that: a fact. Because that body
The feeling of intense longing for a person or place you love but is now lost. A haunting desire for what is gone.
Steve shook his hand. “So I've heard. If it's alright, I'm going to start by showing the folks here a few moves to break out of holds. I'm going to face the audience, and I want you to come up behind me and wrap your arm around my neck in a chokehold. Got it?”
Four? A bunch of conference rooms and lecture halls? Maybe Pepper had them doing extra training after the Obadiah disaster. At least she wasn't making him sit through it.
“I believe that is the perfect plan. Cynthia, can you draft up some statements for our public apology and coordinate the press?”
Support equality. There is no way @PepperPotts is the only strong female working for @SI, so why is the board just an expired sausage fest?
Tony dismissed her to go get cleaned up and checked out, before stepping into the observation room to see how the doctor’s were handling Steve’s wounds.
Since the medical floor used to be part of the development labs for SI, a lot of the rooms had large windows to allow for viewing of experiments from a distance. Tony had kept them in tact, figuring that it allowed him and other worried members of the team to keep a close eye on the injured, without getting in the way of the medical staff. And since they weren’t handling the medical needs of the public, they didn’t have to worry about privacy and HIPAA issues.
From that point forward, Tony kept his relationships strictly tattoo-free. He even, at one point, contemplated getting his own tattoo removed, before ultimately deciding that it would be a waste of effort. If he didn’t believe in the notion, that was all that mattered.
Rogers spent the first day back with the land of the living… in and out of sleep. According to the doctor, he was still on quite a few pain meds, that would keep him drowsy. Even still, Tony felt it was only right — since he was the
There were a ton more murmurs around the office, whenever people didn't realize he was nearby. And the gym downstairs that he used on occasion (because it was blissfully quiet and empty)... was suddenly
They were at the cabin for thirty-six hours. Tony was going a little insane by the end of it (romance novels were
And that, maybe, was the best part about nights spent with Tony. Sleepy Tony didn't think twice about what he was saying. Steve kissed his forehead.
“Without Fury, we are no longer controlled by the government and at their beck and call. So, it has been suggested that you might appreciate taking on the roll of Director, moving forward.”
Tony blinked, looking over to the other man. He had consistently thought that Steve Rogers was one of the strongest men he’d ever met — just being around him showed that without a doubt. But the man laying in that bed looked so small and weak. “Tony.”
It was probably bad form, but Tony hadn’t kept up on updates about his second’s condition, apart from learning that the man had been moved to a guest suite. “Is he worse? Why didn’t they tell me?”
"Too busy punching him in the face. Just because my sins weren't on the front page, doesn't mean it didn't happen. News flash: I'm not a virgin, either."
One of his first initiatives as Director of SHIELD was to move the base of operations to his home turf at Stark Tower. He had too many other projects in the works, to just up and move to D.C. on a whim. Plus… well, he hated Washington. It was a cesspool of douchebags. So now SHIELD took up two floors in the tower and Tony could go from his laboratory to his director duties without much effort on his part.
“Good. Go to the safe house as directed. We've got multiple threats still in play. I'll call with updates.”
“We were in Asia, trying to rescue some kids. When we saved them, the shaman blessed him with fertility. I think the goal was to make him horny for a few hours so he'd go home to his lady and make babies. But Stevie don't have a lady and now his serum is making him hornier than a rabbit.”
“Tell me about it. I just spent a week babysitting an African king, because he didn’t trust my team. I want to—”
would make the words more believable — and felt a glare creasing his forehead. “Does he really spend half of this article bitching about me?”
Probably for all of the wrong reasons. But I will not apologize for my opinions. @Stark and @SI have a lot to be held accountable for.
A couple days later, he was scrounging around the cafeteria when he caught wind of some of the mumblings happening in the line behind him. He had his glasses on, and his beard was a mess (hair too, probably)... and he wasn’t positive when his last change of clothes happened. He had switched out a shirt at one point after an errant oil spill. When had that been?
If it was anyone other than Tony Stark that he was on his way to see, he would be convinced that he could sway the opinion of the person.
His first instinct was to say that Steve’s serum would never let him contract a common virus, but he didn’t know how much Barnes knew about Steve’s real identity, so he kept that fun fact to himself. “Are you taking him to a hospital? I could probably meet you there. Although, I’m not even sure that we’re officially dating, so it might be a bit premature for me to show up for hospital visits—”
Tony rubbed his pointer finger and thumb along his forehead. It wasn’t helping his headache, but at least it made the other voices in the room quiet for a moment. Pepper was there, along with a whole gaggle of PR people and attorneys. All trying to figure out the best steps moving forward.
Considering no one (aside from a few trusted friends and the highest of higher-ups in the military) knew Captain America’s real identity, it wasn’t actually that strange for SI to go looking for a self-defense instructor and choose a random dude named Steve Rogers. But since
All of that meant… he was qualified, yes, but totally not expecting to get a call asking him to come to Stark Industries and teach everyone interested some practical self-defense techniques.
“You haven’t been?” Minion Two sounded appalled. “The new trainer teaching self-defense on level four… he’s an absolute dream. Honestly, Tara in HR thinks Mr. Stark built a robot. Because there is no way this guy is for real.”
“What bullshit,” Cap growled. He thought about all of the men that he had met down at the VA that could use a prosthetic designed by Stark. He could fill a sheet of paper twice over with names. “I volunteer at the VA in my spare time. Have a few friends down there that would really benefit from that kind of device. Most of what they can get with their benefits package aren’t worth shit.”
but he knew that once the moment was up, he was going to have to hold on and enjoy, while Steve went wild.
And I’m positive that Steve would have continued on without ever saying a word — he’s got a martyr complex, after all — but his health is at risk and you need to stop being an idiot.”
Tony nodded, because he could understand all of that. And dating Tony Stark wasn’t exactly ‘low profile,’ but… “I hate to point this out, but I wanted to go out with Steve Rogers, not Captain America.”
It was surprisingly easy to find the spot where men had Tony holed up. After watching security footage and spotting the license plate info of their getaway vehicle, he followed that information to a rundown house in Jersey.
at the sight that welcomed him. At some point in the ten minutes, Steve had rolled over, shoved a pillow under his hips, and started humping the poor thing. He looked like a horny teenager, naked ass bouncing in the wind.
It was a bit impulsive, but the next day when he had finished with school, he hopped on a train to Manhattan. Everyone knew where the Stark mansion was, so it really didn’t take much to figure out how to get there. He got off the subway a few blocks away and shouldered his backpack as he started the rest of the journey on foot.
Cap rolled his eyes. “No. Captain America is a persona used to protect an identity. The man he protects is gay.”
Stark huffed. “Most of those guys were around when my father was still in charge of the company. And the process to replace them is written in the founding bylaws, so I can’t exactly fire them without just cause, like with Obadiah.”
“Yeah.” Tony's voice got a bit wispy. “Yeah.” He nodded his head in the direction of his personal suite. “Let's take this to the bedroom, yeah?”
“Come around here again, and it’ll be my lawyers meeting you at the gate.” Howard motioned for the driver to pull forward, as he rolled his window back up.
“Yeah. I’m about two minutes out. Do you have a back entrance or something? I don’t want a lot of people seeing him like this.”
Steve rolled his eyes. That definitely wasn't the type of relationship he was looking for. He had woken up in a time where it was legal for same sex couples to have a relationship without having to hide —  he wasn't going to waste that opportunity.
He meant to ask Pepper about whomever had been hired to teach the self-defense classes, but as soon as he learned about the whole mess, she was off to L.A. for meetings. So Tony asked JARVIS to alert him before the next class, and made sure that he looked like
The auditorium was packed with people. Weren't they supposed to be working? He felt like a grumbly boss for a moment as he stood in the back and watched. At the moment the stage was empty, while people got to their seats. Finally, once people were settled, a tall blonde man in a skin tight t-shirt and loose track pants got on the stage. Tony didn't have a
been designed in a lab. And maybe the scientists involved had been more concerned with creating a perfect soldier, but they had inadvertantly also created a perfect porn star.
So they had come to the conclusion that the women’s accusations were correct, and were now deciding on how to handle any court appearances or settlements.
They were already on the elevator, and Tony turned to look at her in shock. Did she just… “No?” Tony Stark was not used to being told no.
Bucky became his best friend rather quickly. He also knew a few other retired soldiers and suddenly Steve had
He was smitten with her. Six months and he bought a ring. He let her do all of the wedding planning — it really wasn’t his type of thing — and listened every night as she went on and on about how perfect things would be.
He pulled the jacket up around his neck, realizing belatedly that he was being an idiot and making weird excursions in the dead of winter.
Considering the fact that the last few years had seen Stark Industries leave the weapons industry in favor of clean energy… well, Steve wasn’t holding out much hope. And he wasn’t sure what would happen to the hundred people under his command, if he had to be the one to make layoffs.
Colonel Rhodes requested to meet Captain America at a nondescript office building in downtown Manhattan. Then, he proceeded to explain that Tony Stark had been kidnapped some time the night before while in route somewhere between Stark Tower and the Italian restaurant he had dinner in. Witnesses confirmed they saw him get back into his car, but the car had been found abandoned a few blocks from the restaurant.
Stark's nose scrunched up at the idea. “It's fucking Jersey. I'm not going to be spotted walking around fucking Jersey. So I decided to wait for the calvary.” Tony leaned to the side, to see around Cap. “I have to say I was hoping to be more than a one man job.”
He was starting to get a bit anxious beneath his uniform, when the door swung open and a sophisticated female walked in, heels clicking as she made her way over to where he sat. “Commander Rogers, I apologize for the delay. I’m Pepper Potts, Mr. Stark’s assistant. He’ll be here shortly… unfortunately, Mr. Stark was delayed by a conference call with our partners in Japan.”
Commander Rogers was an enigma wrapped inside a taco. Or, well, maybe a pastry of some sort. Because sometimes he was sweet sugary goodness, and sometimes he was the bitterness of a dark chocolate eclair.
Tony wiggled a bit where he stood, trying to keep his gaze on the floor, but finding himself looking up over and over to take in everything that was Steve Rogers naked. Finally, he scratched his hand at the back of his neck and met Steve’s lust-filled gaze. “So. Do you uh… preference?”
fall for someone who was essentially his employee… but that did nothing to stop him or his feelings and desires.
The car that pulled in was nothing to write home about, but it wasn’t hard to notice Steve’s bulky form in the passenger seat. Barnes had to physically wrestle Steve out of the car, and when he had, Steve clung to him like a leech. The feed in the elevator switched on and Tony watched as Barnes swatted Steve away, despite the fact that Steve was trying to kiss up his neck.
Tony tried to keep his head turned enough that they wouldn’t realize who he was, and changed his voice a bit as he asked, “Who is Mr. Stark tempting us with?”
Tony reached for a slice of some kind of chocolate cake concoction, right as Minion Two responded, “Yes! I went last week.”
— to keep a vigilant watch on the man. Romanov was available, should any immediate SHIELD crisis pop up. If it was something
him. Bucky owned a gym just down from the VA (and a couple blocks from Steve’s new condo), and when he saw the fight in Steve, he found a purpose for it. So three days a week, Steve taught local women self-defense courses… and the other two days of the work week were spent working with underprivileged kids, teaching self-defense, but also calm breathing techniques and how to handle a bully without violence.
A day later, JARVIS spoke up while Tony was in the middle of designing his latest prosthetic prototype. “Sir, I have a James Barnes on the line who says he has an urgent message for you in regards to Captain Rogers.”
Steve didn’t like to think about that moment, if he didn’t have to. It hadn’t just been Howard Stark refusing to allow his son a soulmate, he had refused to allow some no-name-kid from Brooklyn to have one as well. It was a slap in the face that had changed most of his future choices when it came to relationships.
There was a rumor that some small portion of that forty-nine percent, refused to acknowledge the fact that they had a soulmark. Those people didn't want to leave their lives to be dictated by fate, and instead wanted to find love the hard way. Tony had never planned to be one of those cynics. In fact, when he was younger, he was so excited to have a soulmark that sometimes he would stand in the bathroom and trace the thing in the mirror.
Steve had always loved fast and hard. After Howard's brush off in his youth, he had gotten into a few relationships over the years. It wasn't the same, knowing he had a soulmate (and who that person was) but denying himself the real connection of it… Even still, he could, and had, fallen in love before. A few times.
“Pepper — uh, Ms. Potts — she gives me a lot of shit for allowing things to run in ways that my father had them. To be honest, nothing you said was new. Even the crap about releasing new products when the other ones start to have troubles. Do you know how many times I’ve brought that up in meetings? My name is on the fucking building but all I get to do is research and development.” Stark got quiet for a moment, looking down at his book. Was he… was he reading a romance novel? How had Cap missed that? “I’ve been designing a line of prosthetic limbs, trying to step in and help soldiers in need. I’ve got enough prototypes designed that we could start rolling out a trial period, but Obadiah… uh, Stane.. He didn’t want anything to do with it. Said we weren’t a charity.”
They hadn't spent many nights together yet, despite the five or so months since Tony acknowledged their soulmarks. Neither one of them had felt any need to rush their relationship, and instead were appreciating the small moments.
And considering it wasn’t Steve’s voice coming through the comms, like it normally would be, Tony had a bad gut feeling about the need for medical.
So he gave himself as long as possible to savor the stretch… before he looked back to Steve and smirked.
It was right about then that he received an alert on his phone in regards to Commander Rogers’ condition. He dismissed the agents and quickly made his way to the med level, where the doctor was waiting for him outside of his patient’s room.
. Now SHIELD is an organization of combatant scientists. Men and women who have fought overseas and also received a PhD or two.”
That seemed reasonable, since Barnes had mentioned the whole thing being an effort for Steve to spread his seed merrily — Tony snorted before quickly shaking his head and motioning to the master bath. “I’m gonna just go get ready? Real fast. I swear. Don’t self-combust, okay? I cannot stress that fact enough. That is a
, is the idea that I could be sitting across from him, ready to interview him, like this is any other Friday afternoon with a celebrity. And listen, this is my
A hefty one, for sure. You know — and I can hear my best friend mocking me already for using this term, but — back in
“So!” Tony clapped his hands together. “It’s lunch time. Plans? No? Good. Go ahead and shower and ask security to point you towards my private elevator. Food allergies?” Steve opened his mouth to answer, but Tony shook his head. “Good. I’ll order something.”
In truth, anyone probably could have handled the whole mess. It maybe would have taken local PD a little bit longer, but they still would have gotten to the same conclusion. It was Cap’s understanding, though, that Colonel Rhodes had called him so that as few people as possible found out about Stark’s disappearance. If the media figured it out, the whole thing would turn into a mess. And if Stane was behind it all, he might get spooked and up the ante on the whole thing.
His focus went to where Steve sat, leaning casually against the headboard in all his naked glory. Ignoring his suddenly racing heart, Tony raised a curious (and only mildly aggravated) eyebrow.
“I suppose you could if you like.” At Stark’s raised eyebrow, Steve shrugged. “My particular expertise is in linguistics. We have a wide range of skill sets within the organization. Natasha Romanov, the head of weaponry, is a chemical engineering expert. Chemistry experts. Physics. Archaeology. We have it all.”
“I used my fanciest script, with all the flourishes,” Caiera said, grinning.  “And put a teeny tiny little heart as the dot on the exclamation mark.”  She stripped her gloves off and tossed them at the trash can.  “Totally on the house.”
“Yeah, you’re ruining Christmas for everyone,” Clint said, one leg thrown over the side of the couch.  He had his box balanced on his stomach.  “Get on with it, or I’m skipping you.”
“I like to maintain an illusion of free will,” Steve said.  But he was already pouring the coffee.  “Soup's almost done, you want some?”
“He is just as you made him, all those years ago,” Clea said.  “Nothing changes who he is, at his core.  But despite that, when he smiles at you, when you hear him laugh, or cry, when he speaks, when he dreams, when he is human, a human child you can hug, that is magic.”
“Because done right, done the way it’s meant to be done, both of those cuisines are as labor intensive, as specialized, as carefully considered, as any French or German meal you’re likely to get.  The skill required, the knowledge, the labor, it’s all there, but we expect these cuisines to be cheap because we as a country vastly undervalue the worth of the labor provided by Chinese and Mexican people.”
DJ looked at Agatha.  “Want a cookie.  Very bad.  But now…  I don’t trust these.”  He made a face.  “Kinda mad about that.”
"Actually, they're quite useful for entertaining," Joy said, and Steve didn't like her, but he could almost admire her utter sincerity about everything she said.
“Oh, it might help you?” Clint asked.  DJ nodded, looking very serious.  Clint tugged on his blanket, pulling it down over his face.  “You're a manipulative little brat, you know that, right?”
“Yelling was disappointingly short lived, actually,” Moondragon said.  “Tony, when do you want to schedule your next appointment?”
“One of ours?  Yeah, but I didn’t see who was driving it, or who was in it,” Happy said, already spinning the wheel.  “Hold on, I’ve got to bring this around-”
“Miss Potts wanted me to remind you that you have a meeting this morning,” Jarvis called.  He paused.  “Perhaps I should run your bath?”
He blinked at Steve, his eyes glassy.  “Just grab the kid, that’s what I thought, just-  Just hold him for a few days, til Stark paid up, it wasn’t fair, you know, it wasn’t FAIR that he got out, and here I am, stuck here, in this-” His hand jerked up, liquor splashing out of the glass as he gestured at the room, at the building beyond it.  “Just grab the kid.  And I’d have all the money I’d ever need.”
"Cambridge.  Massachusetts," he corrected.  "MIT.  You know this.  Reed has sweatshirts.  Reed has so many sweatshirts.  And I think I've seen them all."
“That was also in the running,” Tony admitted, tapping his pencil against his cheek.  “Not as popular, though, since honestly-” He braced a foot on top of his desk.  “No one believes me when I say it.”
Steve froze, his stomach icing over in an instant. Tony smiled.  “That was the plan.  That’s why you told Pepper about him.  Because you were going to keep him, when I sent him back.”
“What if he’s expecting you to, you know, propose?” Darcy asked, taking the bottle of water out of Tony’s hand and sitting down on the ground to pass it to DJ.
She nodded.  “Yes, sir.”  She smiled down at DJ, who leaned against Tony’s side, his hand locked in Tony’s.  “I’ll let you know right away.”
He felt Steve laugh against his back, even as his fingers walked the circle, touching each droplet in turn.  “Béchamel. Velouté.  Espagnole. Hollandaise.” He tapped the cherry red droplet. “And tomato.”
“Which he is never going to do,” Tony grumbled.  “Sheds as he walks.  His jacket on the stairs and his shoes in the hallway and his bookbag on the dining room table and-”
“This is the VIP lounge,” Harris said, and it wasn’t a question, it was just the only logical answer.  “That’s why I’m here.  For the VIP lounge.”
Furbro hopped off of the banister of the staircase, padding forward to rub his cheek against Steve’s leg.  Steve stared down at him, adrenaline still surging through his veins, his pulse pounding in his ears.  “Jesus wept,” he managed, sucking in a breath.  “You dumb cat, you’re gonna give me a heart attack.”
"Are you planning on flying that thing at any point?" Stark asked, not looking up from his work.  The tip of his pencil darted across the page, and Steve wondered what he was doing.
“You can lie to me, if that makes it better,” he said, and felt Steve exhale against his temple.  Tony kissed him on the side of the neck.  “But don’t start lying to yourself.”
“The two are pretty much tied for the traits that cause you the most problems,” she said.  She took a breath.  “I think you need to be more careful about letting Obie handle things like this.”
He straightened up.  “That,” he said, his voice soft, his head tipping towards Rogers, who was staring at the room, his face curious, “is entirely your fault.”
“Interesting,” Natasha said.  Clint made a sad noise and pointed at his still open mouth. Natasha struggled against a smile.  “Feed the baby bird, will you?”
“Nice,” Moondragon said, and Carol held up the grease stained bag of pastry, one eyebrow arched in a question.  Moondragon held out a hand.  “I can’t say no to a beautiful woman,” she said with a winning smile.  “Especially not when chocolate croissants are involved.”
“We can’t afford fun,” Steve told her.  Above them, the wind rattled the tree branches, and he struggled not to tense at the sound.  “Your brother will have both our heads if anything happens to you, you know that.”
DJ leaned against Steve's side, working his way under Steve's arm.  "Hello there," Steve said, smiling down at him, and DJ peeked up at him, his eyes bright.  Steve smoothed his hair away from his forehead.  "Don't you want to help Peter with his kite?"
Tony's face cleared.  “Saw something hanging on the back of the door,” he said, waving an idle hand in that direction.  “Seems more your speed than mine.”  He cupped his hands beneath the graceful arch of the faucet, letting the water fill the hollows of his palms.  He splashed the water against his face, and Steve shivered.
The library smelled like old books, like dust and paper, and before he opened his eyes, he knew what he’d see, the massive, curving wooden shelves that stretched to the arched ceiling, the dust motes caught in the late afternoon sunlight, the big, broad wooden tables.  The ladders.  The stacks of tomes, piled everywhere, in no order that he could determine.
“Okay, so she went to boarding school with me, but that doesn’t change the fact that she’s good at her job,” Jan said, her voice arch.
“Gone back to the-”  Tony’s eyes went wide.  “Rogers.”  He grabbed her arm, and she bobbled the cup, nearly dropping it again.  He barely noticed.  “Where’s Rogers, did he-”
Steve straightened up.  "That out of all the people he could've chosen, male and female..."  He paused, a smile slipping across his face.  "He chose me."  He shrugged.  "Which seems like the egocentric way to think about it, now that I say it aloud."  He glanced back at Tony, and his smile enough to take a man's breath away.  "All choices he had.  All the people he could've loved."  Steve's eyes crinkled, just a little at the corners, and he was bright and beautiful and right.  "He chose me."
The early morning light was hazy, the hard edges of the city fading into the background, and he was there, the golden boy crowned with greenery and surrounded by blossums.
Tony nodded.  "Very close.  That was, that was a good attempt.  Sue, give me the smoothie, he can make another one once he's exposed himself to water."
“Yes.  But still, he could've climbed up onto a shelf, or under one.”  Rogers' fingers drummed against his the brim of his cap.  “He's going to find somewhere safe, somewhere warm, somewhere with noise, with-”  His voice trailed away, and he shook his head.  “Somewhere-”
“I mean, he's going to act like that's, like it's a real thing,” Tony said.  “With the touching and the smiles and the-” He flapped a hand at the room at large.  “He's going to kiss me, Pep, I know he is, and this is going to be hell.”
“Damn straight,” Isaiah grumbled.  He slammed the bowl into the sink with a pleased nod.  “Boy still knows his damn place.”
“Tony.” Obie scraped a hand over his face.  “He can barely string two words together, and you’re seriously considering, what, having him brought up as a pet project?”
Tony waved him off.  “Messing about in futures and options, mostly,” he said.  “Which isn’t a problem.”
Tony pushed himself to his feet.  “You can’t stay here,” he said, because that was true.  That was one thing that was true, that he could understand.  That he could believe.  “We can’t stay here.  This is a fantasy, a fairyland.  We can’t-”
Steve stared down at him, torn between amusement and complete disbelief. Behind him, someone was laughing, and he didn't know if it was Rhodey or Tony. "You're something else, you know that?"
“And you knew you were going to do it, and instead of trying to find a safer, healthier way to deal with your insane need to do something, damn whatever torpedoes are currently in the water,” Stark continued, his voice vibrating with the force of that, “you just…”  He spread his hands wide.  “Did it.”
“Yes.  Yes, I did,” Natasha said.  “However, if you were better at being a distraction, you wouldn’t have gotten caught.”
Jan blinked up at him, her finger still hovering over the doorbell, as if she was going to ring it a second time in under 60 seconds.  Right behind her, Tony was standing, his arms crossed over his chest
Tony peered over his shoulder.  But he didn't say a word as Steve considered the tray.  After a moment, he reached for one.  “Try this one?” he asked, holding it out to Tony.
“It’s no use,” Shuri said, her bowl braced on one upthrust knee.  Her spoon tapped against the edge, a quick flicker of movement that caught the firelight.  “He can’t be dissuaded.”  Bucky muttered something under his breath, and Shuri grinned.  “Have I ever told you about the hut we put him in?”
Steve stared at her, but the boy just shrugged again, his chin coming up.  "It's New York.  I mean, the possibilities are endless."
Tony bit back the urge to say something dark and angry and horrible.  "What are you doing out of bed?" he asked instead.  "You should be-"
Mrs. Parker finished peeling the apple in her hand and placed it in the bowl, then lifted the bowl of peelings out of her lap, shaking out her apron.  “If it were just me, of course, I wouldn’t have even hesitated.  But I’d been the child of servants, Officer Rogers.  I had grown up, in and around a grand house back in England.  It wasn’t the life I wanted for Peter.”
“I seem to recall you giving that to me more than once when I was his age,” Tony said.  His fork hit the bottom of the bowl, and he looked down, surprised to find he’d finished it.  “Did you like it, DJ?”
There was a moment of silence, then Jarvis dropped into the chair across from him.  “Sir.  With all due respect.  You had a chance with both Miss Pott and Miss Van Dyne, and while I cannot say you will never meet a more remarkable woman than either of them, I will say they are both brilliant, beautiful, witty and winning young ladies who were more than capable of matching you, word for word, and step for step.
“Okay by me, my wings aren't stored ten floors down,” Jan said. To Sam, she mock-whispered, “Show me later.” To Steve, she said, “Darling, it's your choice. But if I didn't think he didn't want to hear it, I wouldn't be here. Encouraging you to say what you should've said, before you said 'I do.'”
She looked at Steve.  "All the child knows is, they need something, and they're not getting it.  Maybe when Marish is older, they'll be able to understand why their parents struggled with this.  Maybe not.  But right now?  That's not their problem.  Their problem is the rest of the world."
Steve looked from her, to the departing car, and back.  “Are you-  And-” He gestured awkwardly after Bobbi.
Tony's eyes fluttered shut, his breath leaving him in something like a sigh. “Right,” he said, with a firm nod. “Let's go.”
Tony looked up.  His AI sounded tired.  That was never a good sign.  “And I have an answering machine.” He reached for his coffee cup, pointing it at the camera before taking a sip of the cold contents.  Apparently, he’d been working longer than he’d thought  “It’s you.”
Steve braced his hands on the desk, leaning his weight against his palms.  "Bolsheviks," he repeated.  "That's what we're going with, sir?"
Tony drew himself up with all the dignity that he could manage.  Which wasn't much, in that he probably looked like a drowned rat that desperately needed a shave.  "I'm soaking wet, I'm cold, and I've been betrayed by the man I'm married to," he said, because he was a drama queen at heart.  "No.  I don't feel better."
Tony waved her off.  “The missing part, then,” he said.  He settled back on the stool, and flipped the small book open, looking for the right page.  It was easy enough to find.  The charring on the edge made it stand out.  “That’s all I need.  That’s all I need, to get it working again.”
She grinned.  “Looking for you, you mean,” she said, with a toss of her head.  “I have nothing to fear there.”
Happy shrugged.  “Look, I know a man who's been places he shouldn't be, doing things he shouldn't be doing,” he said.  “See it often enough around here.  And I saw it last night.  Where ever he was, he wasn't on the clock, and he was lying about it for a reason.”
Tony leaned back in his chair, his expression incredulous.  “No,” he said, and the single word was nearly a question.  “You don’t.  There’s absolutely no reason to pay them the least amount of attention, Steve.  Just-” He flipped a hand in the air, a dismissive little twitch of a gesture.  “Don’t show up.  Hell, if you’re determined to adhere to social conventions, there’s an errand boy out front, likely kicking my landscaping.  Send a polite letter of resignation, and I’ll give him a shiny coin to deliver it.”
In the silence that followed, Clint realized he’d been holding his breath.  “That was a yes, right?” he asked.
Hands shot up all over the room, and she pressed a hand to her chest.  "Oh, now you all want to be tech reporters?"  To general laughter, she looked at Tony.  "Ready for round two?"
"I'm going to object to this again," Marcy said, bringing Tony's head around.  "Strenuously object."
“And two-” She held up a second finger.  “Mortal enemies, you are the reason for every bad thing that's ever happened to me and I will burn your works to the ground and then pee on the ashes.”
Steve smiled up at him, full of warmth and affection.  “Am…  Am I supposed to be apologizing here?” he asked, and Tony leaned over, kissing him hard.
Left on his own, Steve shifted the shield higher onto his shoulder.  It was lighter than his old one, but it fit just as well against his back, a comforting, centering weight.   A well-dressed man brushed past him, barely sparing him a glance, and Steve stepped out of the way.
Steve smiled.  “Do you really think that someone from this group of scofflaws and miscreants won’t break the door down and drag us out of here, lack of clothes be damned?”
Steve took a breath.  His ribs protested the small movement, but the pain was manageable.  Almost comfortable.  “Pretty bad,” he managed.
"Reed is...”  She paused.  “Used to being able to fix things, or ignore them if the insist on being impossible to fix.”  She pinched the bridge of her nose as Steve punched the elevator button.  “And this, this does not go easily into either of those boxes.”
"We have entirely too many rules, you know that?"  Something smelled like coffee.  Immediately distracted, Tony headed in that direction, leaving Steve to trail after him.
Jane's head craned, twisting around to face him as she rotated.  “Of course you do, that conference in Albuquerque-”
He wondered if being in love was always this complicated, or if it was just him.  Making things complicated.  Making things harder than they had to be.  Stuck in his own head, when he didn't need to be.  Loving Tony was muscle memory by this point, he didn't have to think of it, he didn't have to work at it.  It was just there, with him, part of him.
“I'm an idea man,” Tony said, waving the tongs in her general direction.  “Full  of ideas.  I leave the execution to other people.”  Pepper's eyes narrowed at him, and he pasted a bright smile on his face.  “Brilliant, organized people.  Who I value very highly.”
“Dance lessons,” Luke said.  He clapped his hands together.  “Speaking of which, Steve, we're burning daylight here.  Let's go.”  He held out a hand, and Steve squared his shoulders.
"Yeah, the list of things that haven't killed you 'yet' is pretty long and gets more worrying for me with each passing day," Steve pointed out.  He sucked in a breath, and, before Tony could do more than curse, downed the rest of the coffee in a single swallow.  He came up coughing, his face flushed, a hand clapped to his mouth.
The coffee cup hit the counter with a final sounding snap.  “Excuse me?” Tony asked, and he was very, very proud of himself, because his voice was controlled.  Precise.  The words were quiet.  Measured.
“He left.  Half an hour ago,” Pepper said.  “I placed a call to his precinct, asking if they’d be needing him back today, or in the immediate future.”  She exhaled.  “The response I received was that they had no plans to reassign him.”
“You’ve got your own knife,” Steve said, amused despite himself.  “I know you do.”  He kicked a clump of tall grass away from the base of the door, uncovering a flat stone that served as the stoop.
It was an order, firm and certain, and he followed it without thinking.  His lips parted, and this time, when he sucked in a breath, everything worked the way it should.  His lungs expanded, his shoulders flexed, and his vision cleared.
"I have done nothing but sleep," Tony said, and Steve pressed a kiss to his forehead.  His skin was dry and warm, but no longer painfully hot.
His fingers flexed on the brim of his cap.  "It's cruel.  Crueler than it needs to be," he said, his voice flat.  "It's playing with someone's life.  A child."  He cut a look in her direction, his jaw set.  "For what?  A pretty little picture to humanize Mr. Stark?  So he forgets about the whole thing in a week, and dumps the boy back into a place that barely bothers to feed him?  Where's the fairness in that?  Where's the humanity?"
Stark’s head dipped forward, his elbows bracing on his knees. “Yeah, he’s…  He’s amazing.  He lucked out, I know he lucked out.”  He let his head fall back against the headrest, his eyes closing.  “He’s got a whole extended family of weirdos and crackpots who love him, he’s got Steve, most of all, I thank God for Steve, only reason this is a halfway tenable situation for either of us.”
The upper hall was silent and still, light filtering up from the main floor and through the windows on either end of the house.  He paused, his hand sliding along the length of the banister, to look down into the great hall beneath him.  There was something ghostly about it, when it was empty and dark, the intricate woodwork and artistic flourishes casting long shadows across the stone.
“Not what I was objecting to, but still appreciated,” Steve said.  His fingers flexed on Tony’s shoulder, and Tony leaned into it, wanting that contact more than he wanted to admit.  “Stephen-”
Peter dodged, staying just out of reach, crashing into the side of the desk and hitting the balcony in a crouch.  He hit the railing with both hands, hopping up and over.  The whole thing happened so fast that he barely had a chance to swear.
Steve’s arms tightened, and Tony chuckled under his breath.  “I’ll buy ropes of pearls, dozens upon dozens of them, perfectly matched, gold and silver chain as thin as a hair, jewels, and just drape you with them.”
“In a surprise to no one, I hear that a lot,” Tony said.  “Door's open, take the first set of stairs to the right of the entrance.”  Below him, Steve made a show of turning off his phone before stepping forward and out of Tony's line of sight.
With a quick flick of a salute, she was out the door and gone, her long strides eating up the distance to the road, where her horse was waiting.  Steve watched her go, feeling a little better about their situation. The cottage wasn’t much, but it was more than they needed, and better than most of the places he’d lived.  And Danvers was no one’s fool, she had sharp eyes and strong hands, and more than that, a quick tongue.  He’d had worse commanding officers.
“Show of hands.  Who here has to regularly deal with bad guys making inappropriate sexual comments during fights?” Tony asked, glancing at the team.
Steve laughed, and it came out caustic and bitter.  “That’s what you-”  He shook his head.  “You haven’t listened to a word I’ve said since I’ve stepped foot through the front door,” he said.  “Not a goddamn word.”
Steve's shoulders shifted beneath the expertly tailored fabric of his suit jacket.  "Depends on the situation."
The boy shifted his weight.  “I don’t mind, sir.  I’m used to working, and I’ve got no head for schooling.”  He gave the basket a look.  “I wasn’t trying to take more than I always have, I swear, I just thought…”
"I hate to repeat myself, but again, Clint-" Tony started, and she picked up a magazine from the bench, rolled it up, and swatted him in the head with it.  Tony twitched to the side, clutching his head as if he'd been mortally wounded.  He stared at her, his mouth hanging open  "What-  What was that?"
DJ shrugged.  "Clint?"  Clint glanced at him, but DJ's eyes were focused on the tv.  "Can Val and Franklin over?"
“Do you think that will help?  In all honesty?” Strange shot back.  “To see you, to know you’re here, then to see you leave?  Do you think that having to face that only he is trapped, is that beneficial to him?  To watch yet another person head back home and leave him?  Be forced away from him?”
Tony nodded.  “Let me talk to Happy first, then we can have Pepper get you on the payroll, we can work out the details later.”
Tony bit back a smile as he braced his hands on the edge of his workbench.  “Ah.  Security is getting lax.  I have a tool thief to contend with.”  He pulled his pencil out from behind his ear and dropped it onto the workbench, temptingly close to the edge, then took a deliberate step away.  “Now, where could he be hiding all my tools?  In the tool box, where they belong?  No, too obvious.”
She shrugged.  “Possibly.”  She gave him an innocent smile, her eyelashes fluttering,  and popped the pasta into her mouth.
"Thank you." Rogers shifted forward, bracing his forearms on his knees. "All right. Ellen." His head tipped to the side, a bare flicker of movement, his eyes sharp. "You clearly believe that. So..." He straightened up. "Why did you write it, then? If you're so opposed to that particular story being told-"
It was a stupid thing to ask, and he regretted it the moment the words had left his lips.  But DJ just shook his head.  “No,” he said.  “Don’t remember.”  He smiled a little.  “Easier.  When you don’t remember.”
“If he’d been asked that question, and if he’d answered it…”  Stark turned to look at him.  “He would’ve said yes, and I think, he honestly would’ve believed it.  He did believe it.  So when you ask me if I’m a good father?” His mouth formed a smile that didn’t reach his eyes.  “My answer doesn’t matter.  What I think doesn’t matter.  What you think doesn’t matter.  The press, the public, it doesn’t matter.
“I guess they decided to get married?” Duck asked, his salt and pepper eyebrows arched.  “Are you really implying that this is all a cover for making their way to a country halfway around the world to get married in secret?”  He shook his head, his pen working its way across the page in front of him.  “Except it wasn't secret, was it?”  He looked up.  “You're saying they flew halfway around the world to get married in the middle of a Pride celebration.”
That wasn't going to happen, but he felt better for having tried. Tossing his shorts, he stabbed at the surface of his phone, disconnecting the call before he headed into the shower.
There was a soft sigh, and then a light bonk on his head.  He looked up, and Shuri smiled as she tapped him on the head with the shield again.  “Get up, you fool,” she said.  “Barnes, come collect this fool and-”  She looked over her shoulder just in time to see both Sam and Bucky go down to one knee, covering their hearts with one hand.  Shuri heaved a  heavy sigh, her eyes rolling up.  “Okoye.”
“But Pepper got a plant,” Tony said, and Steve was laughing against his shoulder, his breath hot through Tony's shirt.  “Pepper absolutely got-”
“No matter what his form, Dummy has always enjoyed assisting others,” Jarvis said.  “That is, after all, the purpose for which he was originally intended, was it not?”
Tony folded his hands on his stomach.  “Please, stick around,” he called back. “I'm enjoying the show.”
He glanced over and he was alone, he was alone because he was running full out, as fast as his legs could carry him.  He skidded to a stop, his sneakers scraping against the frozen pavement as he did a heel turn, looking back to find Sam running after him.  He stood there, heart pounding in his chest, waiting for Sam to catch up.  “Sorry.”
“Of course not.”  Tony glanced around the room. “There’s no reason to…”  His voice trailed away as he tried to think.  He shoved a hand through is hair, and his fingers were shaking.  “The guards know he’s still here.  And every delivery man who’s come to the kitchen in the last month or so has seen him.”
“It’s a highly reputable bakery,” Jan said, taking a delicate bite from a cream puff.  She made a pleased sound, and peeled off a bit of the choux pastry, holding it out to Tony, who popped it in his mouth..
“Well, that is where we left them,” Steve said.  He leaned over, picking the table up.  “DJ, you could’ve broken something.”
DJ stared down at his feet.  “I'm lost again,” he said, his voice soft.  “But I'm DJ.  Not Dummy.  And I can't change.  And I know-”  He swallowed, not sure why his own throat fought him.  “I know that I'm lost.  I know I'm trapped.  And I know-”
Tony leaned back against the bench, his head tipped to the side.  "How, exactly, are you still employed as a public servant?" he asked, amused despite himself.
Everything will be okay, though.  It's a damn musical, guys, it's gotta have a happy ending.  I mean.  It's not a SONDHEIM musical, so it's gotta have a happy ending. 8D
"Ah.  I see."  Jarvis shut the door, his eyes skimming over the small, battered satchel in Steve's hand.  “May I take your things, sir, or should you prefer to keep them with you?”
Hammer came to his feet so fast that his chair rolled back to hit the wall with a thump.  “You-” he started, and Pepper turned a wide-eyed, innocent look in his direction.  He pulled himself up short.  “Ah.  Miss Potts.”  He straightened his tie with fingers that weren't quite steady.  “This...”  His teeth dug in on the words.  “Young man missed morning roll call.  So.  He's been-”
A shriek of high pitched laughter cut him off, almost mid-word, and Tony glanced towards the door just in time to see a small, very bare form go streaking past. Amused, Tony pushed himself to his feet.  “Hold that thought,” he said to Obie, striding across the library.
Darcy took it from him with a gleeful chortle.  “Benito, you are a prince among men, you are a man of kindness and virtue, and your holiday bonus shall be obscene this year.”
His voice trailed away, and Bobbi was already shaking her head.  “We don’t need to follow him,” she said, straightening up.  “If we already know where he’s going to end up.”
"Well, now we have no choice," Tony said to him.  "Because Natasha caught him.  And now we've got him.  What are we supposed to DO with him, if murder is off the table?"  He stared at Bruce.  "Any suggestions?"
Strange’s cape floated around his legs, refusing to settle, even after its master went still.  “Nothing,” he said, with a slight, strained smile.  “I’m sorry.  Clea is working in my stead even now, so we don’t lose ground.  But as of right now?”
He tossed Bruce a turnover, and Bruce managed to catch it.  “The rest, I picked up as I went.  Jarvis helped, with the things Mr. Stark particularly liked, and staff were hired for the big house parties and the like, and I learn a lot by watching someone else do their thing.  But mostly, I fumbled through, learning as I went.”
“I don’t need a babysitter,” Tony said, “and if I did, I’m pretty sure that I’d be insulted that you think that you can convince Sam to do it.”
He crumbled the pages into a ball and tossed it into the fireplace.  The stark white of the pages looked strangely obscene against the empty hearth.  “As I said.  A lot of nonsense.”  He glanced at Steve, his face unreadable.  “And yours?”
“I was a lost cause years before you, pal,” Clint said, rubbing the back of his neck.  “Hogan.  Hogan, really?”
Tony’s fingers rattled against the crystal front of the arc reactor.  “Where’s ‘have a nervous breakdown’ on that list?” he asked, his head tipping in her direction.  “First?  Because I'd put that first on the list.”
Steve pushed himself to his feet, his eyes still locked on the eggs dancing between Clint's hands.  “Sure, I can do that.  Or, if you, prefer, I've peeled potatoes by the bushel.”
Tony stared at it for a long moment, his eyes narrowed.  “No,” he said at last, and Steve started to laugh.  “Absolutely not, no, we're-”
DJ chewed on the bacon, silent, and Stark pushed his plate a little closer.  “Use a fork for the eggs, okay?”
“Right,” Rhodes repeated.  His fingertips tapped against his bicep.  “I’ve got a friend who can be persuaded to pick up an odd job or two, if he’s got the time.  Let me know if you need help.”
Tony realized his arms were crossed over his chest, and he forced them back to his sides.  “He didn't,” he said, but the words sounded hollow.  DJ frowned at him, then turned his attention back to his work.  “I mean, right, he did, he was a manipulative asshole, looking back, easy to see that now, but you-”  He stopped, not sure how to verbalize the churning nausea that had settled low in his stomach.  He scraped a hand over his face.  “You stopped Jarvis from letting him into the workshop.”
“No, I-”  Steve sucked in a breath, and it did nothing, it did absolutely nothing to ease the tension that twisted his lungs.  “No, I ordered assorted pastries for seventy people.  I-”  He looked at Tony, desperate for confirmation.  “That was what I did.  Ordered pastries for-”
Jan sank down next to him, drawing her legs up and wrapping her arms around him. “We were worried,” she said, her voice soft.
Fury didn't even look up from the tablet in his hand. “Huh” he said, tapping a finger against his lips.  “This is almost word for word a conversation that I had with the US Government about you.”
“You might say that,” Hogan said, ducking into Steve's apartment.  “If you could come with me, please?”
“It’s possible,” Tony said.  “I’m not certain why you’re acting surprised at this late date, Pepper, it’s just, it smacks of a certain lack of understanding of the situation, and really, you should be beyond that by this point, it’s not-”
The customs officer stared at him, clearly unamused.  Tony was pretty sure the guy wasn't amused by much.  He wondered if it was an occupational hazard of customs officers, or if the sort of people who became customs officers just lacked a sense of humor in general.  Maybe it was on the employment form.  He wondered if he could sneak that into the StarkIndustries employment applications.
Tony let out a bark of laughter.  “Oh, God, I’m sure he is.”  He handed Rhodey the remains of a screw.  Rhodey looked at the sheared off end and made a face.  “Agreed,” Tony told him.  Then, to Natasha, “How long do we think that’ll keep him busy?”
Steve smiled at him.  "Really badly," he said, and that won him a smile.  "Mostly because I didn't really want to be anything but me, I didn't want to be something, or someone, else, I just..."  He nodded.  "I wanted her.  I wanted what she represented.  And I guess, I wanted to be what she wanted, what she needed.  And that was never going to happen."
Tony returned to his desk, only to find his chair occupied.  “Hello,” he said, and one of Furbro’s ears twitched, but he didn’t raise his head.  Tony scooped the cat up, and dropped into his seat with a distinct lack of grace.  “I can’t imagine what you mean,” he said.  Furbro padded in a circle on Tony’s lap then flopped over, draping himself over Tony’s knees.  Tony considered pushing him off, but the damn animal was purring already.  He scratched the cat behind the ear. “I can’t think of anything that’s more important to me right now than this conversation.”
“If there wasn't coffee, I wouldn't have a job,” Clint said, making a shooing motion at Bruce with his apron.  Bruce headed for the sink, and Clint plated up an egg and a thick slab of bacon.  “Don't you fill my sink with that mud, Banner.”
“Yes,” DJ said, one hand in Tony’s, the other still holding Tony’s jacket in place.   He smiled up at Tony, and Tony smiled back.
“Stay with them,” Tony said.  “I’ve got him.”  Without even looking back, he hustled up the aisle, his head up, his jaw tight.  It was dark enough that he couldn’t see individual faces, but he could see the heads turning as he stalked past.  He ignored them, his jaw getting tighter with every step.
Steve managed a smile.  “I am no king.”  He went down to one knee, his head bowing low.  “Just a soldier, in the presence of a queen.”
The boy paused.  "He'll be in trouble," he said, and opened the office door.  Outside in the hallway, a gaggle of boys were gathered around the door, doing their best to peer into the office.  He took a swing at them with one hand, making the crockery rattle on his tray.  "Shove off, the lot of you, if Hammer catches you, we'll all catch hell."
“Hi,” DJ said, placing a gentle hand on its casing and pushing it away.   It wobbled away, tiny repulsor flickering, and then turned, bouncing back straight for DJ.  DJ nudged it away again.  “Why are you-”
"Jan has got you so hoodwinked, it's not even funny.  She is absolutely the cause of like, 90% of our problems, but when you show up, she just acts surprised."  Tony spread his hands, looking around with wide eyes. "'Who could've done this?  We have no enemies?'"
She flipped through the pages.  “But here were a few cases that I could trace back, beyond the rumors and speculation.  Police reports, a few stories in the less reputable papers, even a ballad.”  She held up a piece of sheet music.  “It’s not good.  But it’s catchy.”
There was a beat of silence, and then, as one, the crowd turned and hustled for the end of the row.  Harris watched them go.  “Are they going to-” he started, and Darcy grabbed his arm.
O'Brien rocked back in his chair, sending it tipping back on the back legs.  The wood squeaked, pushed to its limits, before the chair fell back into place.  "You heard of Anthony Stark?"
“I am going to burn it,” Tony said, trying to ignore the small spike of petty pleasure that thought brought.  “Pour very expensive brandy on the whole lot and laugh as it burns to ashes.”
“You do know that the only difference between Natasha and every other woman who has to work with Mr. Stane is that she has access to more knives, don’t you?” Pepper asked.
Tony made a sound, something close to a snarl, caught low in his throat, and Steve moved forward, sliding an arm around Tony’s waist.  Tony slumped back against his chest, exhaustion sweeping over him in a sudden, overwhelming wave.  He squeezed his eyes shut.  “Right,” he managed.  He pinched the bridge of his nose.  “Right.”
“Two of them are well past the age for needing-” Clint looked back at Darcy, who was grinning at him, pure chaos alight in her face, and he settled back into his seat.  “I’ll wait here.”
Steve lunged forward, leaping up to catch the bottom of the railing.  In one fast, smooth movement he threw himself up and over the railing and onto the balcony, his free hand making a desperate grab for Tony.  His fingers closed on the fabric of Tony’s shirt an instant before Tony crashed into him, the full weight of his body falling against Steve’s.
Tony grinned.  "Somehow, I knew that was just your size," he said, triumphant.  "What do you think?"
Greer blinked.  She wiggled free of the neck of her sweater.  “D’ you think so?” she asked, reaching up to twist her hair into a loose knot on the top of her head.  She picked up a pencil, twisting it through the locks.  “I’ve never bought a man flowers before.”
“I shall never marry,” Shuri said, licking juice from her fingertips.  “I shall have conquests by the dozen, I shall steal their knowledge and when they have outlived their usefulness, and I am bored with them, I shall expel them from the palace.”  Her head tipped to the side, her eyes wide.  “Possibly with a catapult of some sort.”
Steve risked a glance back at Tony, catching him in the act of zipping up the sweatshirt.  He left it open at the neck, the glow of the arc reactor visible beneath the fabric, the undersuit hanging down around his hips.  Tony gave Steve a wry smile.  “I forget how broad your shoulders are,” he said, stretching his arms out.  The sleeves slid over the tips of his fingers.
Tony's head tipped back.  “Don't know about that,” he said.  He sniffed the air.  “Does it always smell this good?”
“Protestants, not Catholics,” Steve clarified.  “Irish.  But not-” He shrugged.  “Not our kind of Irish.  And my Ma said, she said, what a shame it was, to lose a daughter on the very day that they should've gained a son.”
“Okay, then, be diplomatic,” Steve said, his head tipped back.  The ceiling of the ballroom was arrayed with swaths of almost transparent fabric, a silvery-white silk that seemed to glitter in the light.
Greer let him go, plopping down on a bench and crossing her legs under her.  “What?  It was the closest open room.”
“Well, I’ve had quite a bit of practice,” Jarvis said with an easy smile.  “As a child, he would often spend his days going full tilt until he worked himself into a state of collapse.  At which point, one either put him to bed or learned to step over the sleeping child in the middle of the floor.”  He glanced up at Steve, his eyes crinkling at the corners.  “Putting him to bed was less trouble.”
“No.  Just licensed certain components,” Pepper said.  She chewed on her lower lip.  “A lot of what Tony used for the original waves of Iron Man suits, they were things we already held patents on, things that could be used as a basis for the design.”
She pouted at him.  “How bout we just make out for a while and see what happens?”  She played with a curl, wrapping the shining strand of hair around her finger.  “Bet I can make you forget what’s happening out there.”
Strange’s eyes closed.  “I do not know if you were born under a particularly blessed star, or a particularly cursed one,” he said.
Rogers gave a slight nod, his head tipping forward.  “I can’t stop him,” he said, his voice quiet.   “I might not be happy about.  But I’ve come to terms with it.”
On the other side of the glass that separated them from the row of bored, blank faced customs officers, a door opened and then shut with a firm, unmistakable click.  Tony glanced at the pile of half-filled forms that the officer had left behind.  "Yeah, we're not going anywhere," he said, resigned.
“Yeah, I know.” He set the screwdriver back down and braced his elbows on the workbench, his head tipping towards DJ.  “Repairs, huh?”
Tony crossed his arms over his chest.  “Feel free to leave,” he said, his voice cutting.  “Not that you’ve ever needed my permission up to this point.”
Steve blinked at nothing in particular.  “Right,” he said.  He reached up, pressing a fisted hand to his lips.  “Right.”
Tony’s hand was as familiar as his own, now.  The flex of the bones and sinew, the stretch of his fingers, the hollow of his palm, Steve knew it all.  And yet, every single touch startled him.  Every time Tony tangled his fingers with Steve’s, it was a surprise.  Every sweep of his thumb and squeeze of his palm and pull of his hand confused him, in the best possible way.
“I got it,” Trip said.  She looked at Steve.  “Do you promise to love, honor, and cherish Tony, in sickness and in health, in good times and bad, in alien invasions and supervillain attacks, as long as you both shall live?”
“Right as in direction or right as in correct?” she asked, as Rhodey wrapped an arm around her waist and swung her around.  Laughing, she braced her hands on his shoulders, her skirts fluttering in the air as her feet left the ground.
He could hear something, just out of range of the phone’s microphone, and then Charlie said, “She says her name is Clea, sir, and she would like to be announced.”
Steve swung his own helmet on.  When he spoke again, it came through the radio unit on the helmet.  “That's what you think.”  He rocked the bike upright, knocked the kickstand back with a flick of his heel, and gunned the engine.
“What time is it?” Tony reached into his pocket.  “Peter, shouldn’t you be in school?  You’re still going to school, aren’t you?”  He frowned down at his watch.  “I seem to recall schooling.”
Steve winced, trying not to think about the last time he'd done laundry.  “No, his place is closer, and I'm sure he'll be more comfortable there.”
Clint looked back down at the main floor just in time to see Steve throw his hands in the air.  “I’m going to find something more useful to do than argue with you.”
Jan blinked at him over the rim of her tea cup.  “What do you mean, you can't dance?” she asked, setting it down on its matching saucer.  Next to her, Natasha didn't turn her attention away from her fruit salad, but Steve knew she was listening.
Tony grinned down at Pepper, even as he swung her in a wide, wild circle.  She spun out and came back in, one long copper curl having worked its way free of her careful coif to bounce against her cheek.  She was flushed and laughing, her blue eyes bright.  “How do you find these remarkable little gems, Mr. Stark?”
“Bless me, boyo, what's all this then?” he asked, trying and failing to push himself up.  “You’re…  Don’t tell me.”  He stabbed the cigar in Steve’s direction.  “I know a good Irish boy from Limerick when I see one, you know Kelly?  Kelly, down at the Green Clover?  Pours a mean pint, he takes care of-”
“Do you feel better?  Because you talked about it?” Franklin asked.  He tugged idly at one of his shoelaces.  “Sometimes it helps.”
Tony glared at him.  “I was an asshole and you didn't deserve that, and I shouldn't have done it.”  He stopped.  “I'm...  Working on that.”
“Yeah, wait, what?” Harris said, as Clint slapped a “Property of Tony Stark” sticker on him.  Harris looked down at it.  “Hey!”
Tony leaned out the door, almost colliding with Steve.  Tony jerked back, out of the way, but Steve was already skidding to a halt, his feet scruffing along the rug.  “Was that child naked?” Tony asked, because verbal confirmation seemed to be in everyone’s best interest.  “Was-  Is there a naked child making the laps of my halls right now?”
"I don't-" Steve realized he was clutching the snowy white napkin in one fist, and he tossed it down.  "There's no reason to suspect that you're here for me."
He went, but his shoulders were a little straighter beneath the thin fabric of his hoodie, his movements brisk.  Cynthia looked at Steve.  "You all right?" she asked.
“No.  We’re not.”  Tony sighed.  “We’re going to fight sometimes, Deej.  That’s…  That’s going to happen.”
DJ was asleep, his head resting on Darcy’s shoulder, his lips parted and his eyelashes casting shadows over his cheekbones.  His chest tight, Tony studied him, trying not to see himself in DJ’s features.  But it was there, and it hurt.
