“I heard about that!” Peter explained, clutching his portfolio tightly in his excitement. “Is it a real learning system?”
But it looked like Steve must have gotten delayed because Tony could see him now comfortably chatting with Rhodey and Carol at the food table near the almost certainly compromised punch bowl. Coulson was in the middle of trying to warn Happy who was ladling himself a liberal amount of eggnog into one of the giant reindeer shaped mugs that Harley had insisted on picking out for the occasion. Tony had protested very very vocally but he'd been overruled by big round watery kitten eyes because he was a marshmallow.
Tony will say this. Give Steve Rogers an inch and he’ll take a mile.
Next up, the team faces a new threat and Fury has an announcement. Well two, but Tony is formally requesting that the first be taken off the table and that the record should show, Nick Fury is a douche bag.
“I only wanted to be with father.” He sniffles into breast and she nuzzles him gently, hands stroking the warm skin of his back.
At least he thought he did. But when he looked up and glanced around at the room to figure out just where that scent was coming from, all he saw were the completely unbothered faces of his teammates. Bruce was Zen, Clint was toasted and Steve seemed as predictably happy to have a lap full of cuddly kitten to pet as Tony had expected him to be. Which left Luke, who was looking rather stiff backed as he stared intently at Steve (who was making some joke about needing to read up on foreplay) but he didn't look at all as murderous as that bitter whiff had seemed to suggest.
Antonia makes a rude hacking sound in her throat and Tony looks to see that she is glowering at Isiah with her hands on her hips.
"Steve..." Tony's hand reached for his arm but the words wouldn't come. He'd never expected to hear something like that come out of Steve's mouth. His knee jerk response was to absolve him, to point out all the ways that he privately knew Steve to be wonderful and loving and so achingly good it was hard to stomach in the face of his own shortcomings.
In reality, the 'Avengers Pride' had started with Project Rebirth, with Steve (its first Avenger) and Howard Stark’s legacy. Whether Tony liked to hear it or not (Bruce wouldn’t suggest bringing it up) Tony carried that legacy. He carried it well. He'd done more than Bruce imagined his father could have ever dreamed for him. What they were all doing here was only possible because Tony and Steve had made it possible with their individual contributions to the world.
"Agent Barton was sent in purely to observe." Fury started for what sounded like the hundredth time and Tony held up a finger to halt him, pushing forward with barely a pause for breath. He couldn't look at Clint.
The sound of Mr. Stark’s slightly amused voice broke through his stupor, and as the man stood there with hand extended waiting, Peter realized what an idiot he was being and leaped to his feet, snatching the offered hand.
But then pain splintered through the pleasure, the pain of twisting muscles and cracking bones and his strength was fading, Clint’s voice along with it.
There. Steve’s shoulders drooped, feeling heavy as he finally said the words aloud. Tony had been through so much, and had given him such a gift of trust and he’d completely and utterly screwed him over.
“Tony I’m… I’m sorry.” Tony fully expected it but somehow he just wasn’t braced for it when Steve turned and left him standing there staring after him, his strangled apology still echoing in Tony’s ears.
“That’s not what I said.”
T’Challa’s dark serious face broke in a small smile that to Steve reeked of smugness. The guy had known just how hard to hit to get his point across. He could have made Steve bleed, but by grace alone he wasn’t.
Not necessarily in that order.
He nodded, thanking her, grateful that they had at least something to go on. He needed to call Pepper. If it turned out to be true, that those kits had been part of a KGB operation, they would need to get ahead of the story, or Ross and his cronies were going to bury them in a government-funded torture chamber somewhere they’d never see the light of day again.
If being tied together for eternity didn’t make them family nothing was ever going to. And if he were honest, most of his resentment was rooted in fear. The closest Tony had ever come to real family was Pepper and Rhodey. Who were great, don’t get him wrong. It wasn’t their fault that the institution of slavery stood between them. It just kind of put a damper on things.
Furthermore, if one of the Fel’s hunting teams won, the members of her entire house received the seats of honor at the feast to be waited upon by the Tom’s house, and vice versa. Between the bride and groom, the one with the mightiest hunters sat upon the high chair and the other the low, to feed their mate their fill before they could begin eating themselves.
He wasn't going to start dancing to Fury's tune. There was going to be no doling out his favors, no forcing everyone to bond with him (when they don't have a choice) just because it's convenient for the government.
“Designation found.”
Personally, Tony didn’t want to believe it (it would only mean bad bad things, for other kats if it were true) but either way, figuring out their motives and how to stop them was them was of absolute importance right now and had to come before finding Barnes.
“Okay.” Tony was pinching the bridge of his nose now and Thor wondered if he was staving off another headache. Their man of iron was suffering them more than usual and the circles around his eyes did not suggest that he was sleeping well. His struggle with the forien virus in his system was ongoing, the toll it was taking on his body becoming more and more obvious. Thor was not the only one who worried about his condition.
Pepper, who sat beside him, nodded in agreement. Tony could tell she was tired by the way she held herself (too straight) because Pepper wasn't one to droop in public if she could help it. She looked immaculate as always but there were slight bags under her eyes that even the best makeup couldn't hide.
Yes. Of course, Tony thought. Resolutely pushing away the part of himself that wanted to droop his ears and start mewling plaintively like a kit who’d lost their favorite toy. He wondered if the mercenaries had struck again while he was out, but feared more that they’d faded away leaving a cold trail behind them.
Tony collapsed almost as soon as they staggered into the barn, his body sweating and shaking as his body fought a battle it would lose against a virus that was either going to rewrite him or kill him.
Clint, eyes glued to the television screen above his hospital bed, didn’t reply.
Grumbling as he hobbled out of bed toward the bathroom on sleep stiff muscles, laden with a full bladder and a grumbling stomach (his body producing ten times his usual energy output seemed to mean eating a lot more) he called out, “Throw a couple of sandwhiches in with that coffee order would you Jay?”
Fuck. He doesn’t need anyone to tell him how pathetic he is. How stupid it was to even think something like that, when they were only just beginning to explore this thing between them, and Steve was sure to discover all the reasons why Tony Stark was not worth ten of him and not cut out for relationships. But he was a selfish asshole and it was a hungry hungry ache.
Stark was still a puzzle, and Steve wasn't confident he'd ever put together all of his pieces but Tony had really taken him by surprise on that rooftop.
They'd almost given up hope, until Barnes and Rogers happened. A kid and his kitty, or if Howard's version of events are to be believed, a kitty and his kid.
“That’s when Uncle Steve finally managed to bring Bucky back. It sounds like we’re fine.”
"There may have been some mercenaries involved and something about saving the presidents life, but mostly it was for putting up with me."
And maybe some things you just couldn't help.
"That? That was me vanquishing our foe, as Thor would put it." Tony responded with a sharp smile that he swore made Steve see red.
"Don't get cute Stark. If you think I'm about to let you threaten the integrity of this operation, you better think again real hard. You are not the only Queen out there. As of this moment you're off the team, only to be reinstated once either myself or Coulson has cleared you for duty. That clear?"
Tony's heart sinks, frowning after the retreating figures of the police in thought.
“What happened to diplomacy?” Natasha asked and Tony shrugged.
Natasha seemed to read his thoughts because her eyes were knowing as she shook her head at him.
“I do not think this is wise my friend,” Thor ventured to say, tone suggesting that he was sure Tony just hadn’t thought it through  and a nudge in the right direction would have him going ‘whoops’.
Thirty-seven years ago Tony Stark was born in Grandpasville Georgia otherwise known as Richardsville. Tony’s great grandfather Richard Stark kind of founded the town so Tony’s even more famous there than he is elsewhere, and not in a pleasant way. The story is, the big family plantation had fed the economy of most the county in his grandfather’s day, so the good folks who’d settled there figured the least they could do was name the little one road town that sprang up around it after him.
Heat. Sweltering heat. Darkness and the red glow of lights.
YOU WILL NOT WIN AND YOU NEED TO WIN.
But the shot never comes.
“Good answer.”
"Where does that shit coated gear stick get off speaking for me? Cognitively impaired. Can you believe that?"
That was all Tony had ever wanted from his childhood idol once. From anyone.
The dark cloud that had been hanging over Steve’s head since he’d woken from that terrible nightmare, finally dissipated in the face of Tony’s sparkling vivacious energy and the way it wrapped around them all and called them closer. He wondered if Tony knew the kind of pull he had, or the power he had at his disposal.
"I'm shocked and appalled at how open that leaves you to making out with Fury. Help, I need brain bleach, I need -"
The hint of a smile tugged at Bruce’s mouth as he stepped into the room.
', she'd told him. And Tony remembered just the way she'd looked. He remembered now where he'd seen the stone around Luke's neck before. Hers had been larger, but Queen Bastet had worn a stone just like it in the brooch at the end of her collar.
Tony was going to make her a knife set that shot lasers. He loved that woman sometimes.
"My mother told me... when my father tried to breed me... she told me she regretted she couldn't be brave, like I was. She couldn't stand up to him, but she knew I could. She made me promise to protect my children. I can't risk bringing a child into my world Clint. I'll burn it down before I let them do to it what they did to me."
“Go! This is the move that works Steve,” he heard Natasha interject. She was panting with exertion. Not for the first-time Tony was thankful for how quick witted she was. She’d already calculated the odds and knew what they’d have to do to win. Steve, no slouch in the strategy department himself put it together and Tony heard him inhale sharply.
Next up: Prince T'Challa tries to bury the hatchet but it's rough going cause Tony kinda wants to bury it in his back, but necessity demands he find a level of chill (he struggles). With the surgery arrived Tony needs a lot of help from his friends to keep it all together and Clint learns a valuable lesson from an unexpected source.
Ton's an adult now so he knows very well what difference it makes.
“You sure?” Tony asked one more time, gripping his sleeve.
“Did you get any sleep?”
The same year he'd won control of Stark Industries he'd sued when he'd been denied entrance into a master's program, pressing the idea that anyone 'mentally sound' enough to oversee a company surely had the constitution for a formal education, arguably a responsibility to it, but more importantly a right to it.
And then he turned to Tony and looked him up and down in a way that sent a shudder down his spine and a stab of heat through his gut.
friend he would have ditched his stupid pilot seminar and insisted on coming with.
“Well that's a first," he finished weakly and Bruce huffed a laugh, purring gently at the sight of Tony's smile, wane as it was.
I HOPE I HAVE ANSWERED YOU WITH SINCERITY, AS ANY FRIEND WOULD. BUT I CAN’T LEAVE YOU WITHOUT ALSO SAYING THIS. IT IS UP TO YOU WHO YOU GIVE YOUR HEART TO, BUT I WISH YOU DID NOT FEEL AS IF YOU HAD TO FIGHT SO HARD FOR WHAT YOU DESERVE TO HAVE FREELY GIVEN.
“It should have worked right? You said the portal could take us through time as well as dimensions so… we should be home before the incursion happened?” she asked, pushing a strand of her dark hair out of her eyes. “So all we’ve got to do is go down there and get them right?”
“We still need to make sure the war turns out the same way.” Jaime insisted. “I’m worried we changed something fundamental enough to change the outcome of the war.”
Showing off, Steve recognized with a fond smile.
“Yes.” The prince quickly rallied himself together. “His second wife is always chosen from among the thirteen tribes. Sometimes he chooses a third wife if he is unable to sire a male child with the second.”
So Steve was Howards greatest creation (whatever else he says) and he never let Tony forget that (even if he seemed to, when he was prattling at video cameras and begging Tony to continue his life's work) even when Project Rebirth was abandoned again after Erskine's untimely death.
JOCASTA cranked the heat up regardless and Nyota rolled her eyes. But a minute or two later when the added warmth had managed to penetrate through her flight suit she uncurled her body and propped her feet up on the dash.
It made Steve uncomfortable to think about Tony in the terms of a machine. He knew Tony liked them, possibly better than actual people, but maybe that was part of the problem. Tony was always running from his feelings and trying to be something more than human. Sure, his brain was amazing and Steve was awed by it on practically a daily basis but it wasn’t his brains that Steve liked best.
“I was… thinking of maybe someplace sentimental? There are a couple of spots in my old neighborhood that are kind of special… to me anyway. I don’t know if he’d appreciate it the same way. Maybe it’s a bad idea.”
“Tony’s our friend,” Harley piped up from his chair, scowling at the she-tom. “If he needs our help then we’re gonna help him. Right guys?”
“But we won’t have to worry about that.” Tony countered, breezily. “Once we get the nanobots installed and I’m all juiced up on BX I’ll be healthy as a horse.”
Thankfully, that Heat had passed within hours, sated under Bruce’s close watch and careful menstruations; but another flare up had returned only days later and they’d been coming off and on ever since.
He should report this. He needs recalibration and the rules he lives by are clear and firmly situated at the forefront of his mind.
They invite a houseful of playboy kittens over for the world’s biggest weekend bash as a fuck you.
He’d gone back and forth over it all weekend until he’d finally been desperate enough to throw in the towel and ask for help.
Thor smiled winsomely at him. He would be sure to ask for many rounds of seconds.
She was teasing him, he knew that, but he still felt heat creeping up his neck.
He’s Gata. Tony realized in an instant. And in the instant following, as the man swept his rifle across the circle of officers, toppling them like dominos, sending Natasha running and diving for cover behind one of the columns lining the inner court, Tony realized something else.
"I suppose you want a public apology?" She asked, moving swiftly from consideration into negotiation.
“Before Extremis I would have said no… I’ve not had the healthiest adult life, and when I was a teen I, well I took some drugs that really messed things up.”
“Tony this feels like real gold.”
It was Ivan, the patriot, who had looked after her and eventually led her to the red queen and then to the white, who was supposed to put ice in her heart.
“A bad call, and they come with tanks and guns; or maybe it’s got nothing to do with us at all and it’s just another fucking alien invasion, and it’s no longer a choice of can I live with myself if I don’t try and stop them dropping a bomb on us, but a matter of can I survive another second of feeling every death like it is my own? Cause I think about that every minute of every day.”
“Hate to keep disappointing everybody, but I really would.” Tony tried not to think about the way Steve had backed him against the shower wall, the way his fingers had left bruises, clutching at him with possessive fury. A kind of punishment that while neither unwelcome (nor undeserved) couldn’t help but leave an aftertaste of bitterness. It was a new kind of sex for them. The first time their bodies had come together driven by frustration, fear, and a desperate desire to feel in control again. And even if in the end had been better, more emotionally honest, Tony wasn’t naïve enough to think that good sex and a few declarations of love would solve everything. T’Challa’s invitation to dinner might have distracted Steve this time but sooner or later he was going to remember that Tony was the kind of person who could do terrible things and make terrible choices.
It's irritating as fuck and Steve can take that superior attitude and shove it where the sun doesn't shine.
long, because most importantly in all of that Peter had applied for an internship at a competing company without Master Osbornes permission.
-Yinsen-
The mercenary grunted and cursed until the pain became too much and Tony’s claws dug too deep, and he finally released his hold with a guttural scream. Tony rewarded him by springing away from his reach and firing a repulsor blast straight into his chest with a snarl. The force of the beam drove the guy through the snow and about half a foot into the ground before he combusted, sending up a plume of smoke, snow and dirt.
“That’s impossible.” Natasha refuted, her voice flat and cold. She was as closed off as the bond ever allowed her to get. He knew she was upset about something but Tony couldn’t read her thoughts without applying force and she knew damn well he wouldn’t do that to her.
“Damn, that’s fifty bucks I couldn’t afford to lose.”
Tony winces as he rolls so that Jarvis can reach the welts on his left side and takes another big bite of his pastry. The tart flavor of the apples burn the cut on his lip but the buttery sweet crust is a welcome distraction from the pain in his body.
“If she says no is the wedding off? Do we still get to eat?”
Steve wasn’t the only one completely shocked by that. Clint barked a laugh, and Natasha’s lips curled upward in a smug smirk.
“I see you worked hard on this Kiddo and it’s good, very in depth. A plus. But I need to have a talk with your mom and you have a lesson with Bruce.”
Natasha usually tucked when she dressed up, but tonight there was no mistaking her for anything but a fel woman. Her sleek red tail hung freely behind her and she was wearing her nails long and sharp, their pointed tips painted a vibrant red to match her hair and stand out against the black of her dress.
Clint snorted rudely as he watched Tony begin layering his yogurt with the small dark berries.
“I don’t like the way he looks at Tony.”
omeone else. Someone he knows, even though he knows that’s impossible. Someone whose voice shudders through him and pulls at everything inside of him.
(See the end of the chapter for
Natasha’s response didn’t exactly absolve Tony of his fear or his guilt, but its simple practicality did resolve him to the necessity of it.
Unbidden, what the SHIELD medic had said to them earlier came floating back to haunt her.
Tony released a shuddering breath, blinking away the threat of tears because she’d thrown herself on the wire. For him. She can’t hide how scared she is or how much she needs him right now. How much she wants him and yet doesn’t want to. It didn’t sting like it once had. He’d seen her now.
Tony, just like last time had chosen to forgo wearing one of his signature suits to don a more socially accepted version of evening attire for Gata.
He tried to feel nothing but irritation for the smug bastard, but stupidly he could feel the prickling of every hair on the back of his neck as if someone had stood just behind him and breathed against his skin.
"Wait a minute Stark! We are not done here! You walk out that door and I'll consider it your permanent resignation from the Initiative." Tony heard Fury's chair topple behind him but he didn't let it phase him, didn't show any weakness, only turning his head enough to blow the man a kiss.
When he stepped outside to face the rest of the unit standing beside their signature black trucks with guns raised, there was blood splattered on his cheek. He wiped it away without taking his gaze away from Killian standing in the center of his men.
Steve's answering smile was brilliant.
“Clint. Fall back and wait for assistance.” Phil instructed calmly, but Clint heard the tension creeping into his voice.
Tony’s pretty shot, physically as well as emotionally, when a couple of medics rush up and try and get him to let go of Steve.
Last night is a familiar sort of hazy that usually makes his skin crawl with unease, the loss of memories to sweat and sensation leaving too many dark areas for old demons to lurk, the sharply detailed flashes that he can remember embarrassingly carnal and a painful reminder of his weaknesses; but last night with Steve was different, and it’s the difference between falling apart and letting go.
They’d talked as they ate. Bruce had asked what he was working on, which had launched them into a long discussion on improving particle acceleration and it had hit Bruce, as he’d sat across the table from the enigmatic kat blinking sleepily at him, how much Tony must trust him, to invite someone like him into his home, to nearly fall asleep in his presence.
Tony jumped at the sudden sound of Natasha's voice close to his ear, sending his spoonful of yogurt falling to the table with a plop. How the hell she moved so damn quietly he didn't fucking know but it was creepy!
He reminded himself that Steve wanted to bond with him. Tony believed that much. He believed that Steve loved the team, and loved him, and wanted to be with him. Steve was as much a part of the team,
(Look away)
“She didn’t want you to give up the deal with Xavier. You get it done?”
That was news to Tony but hardly a surprise. Still, there was all sorts of bite in his voice as he laughed and muttered, "Of course he did."
“Don’t be a brat Tony.” She glared heatlessly at him. “You know that makes me feel like I need a shower.”
But none of that would come if Tony couldn't figure out a way for his body to keep up.
A putrid smell was filling Clint’s nose and as he watched those livid lines of fire growing on the man’s body as he stalked Clint, barely flinching with each arrow that struck him, he realized that it was the smell of burning flesh.
"So what does this mean? Are we like official now?" Clint asked, hope creeping into his voice as his gaze bounced wildly between the three of them. "Are we all going to bond?"
He and Steve walk with Bucky through the streets of Brooklyn and they dance there in a club, alone in a crowd, eyes only for each other.
The assassin turned quickly to meet the new threat and dived low to avoid the energy blast from the Nakia’s dagger, coming up from her roll with her widow-bites at the ready; but Nakia was fast, leaping over Natasha to land a few feet behind her once more and whirling just in time to deflect Natasha’s fire with an effortless whirl of her blade like some sort of samurai and pushing and pressing forward with a bright toothy grin.
And it doesn’t make any sense, but pain is spreading through Ivan’s chest as if someone has plunged a knife there - as if he’d turned around and shot himself.
“Feet off the table Tony, this is not a barn.” T’Challa leaned over his legs to set the mug on the table near him.
Natasha was there that very night (or at least what Tony thought was night without windows or clocks to keep track of time) apparently having guilted Bruce into letting her in while Tony napped. But as soon as she was through the doors his head was full of her thoughts and he was waking up, as desperate to see and touch as she was. Tony was as careful as he could be but like Bruce she could definitely feel him banging around up there. If she minded, it wasn’t enough to move and Tony had fallen back asleep with her curled on the bed beside him, her soft purrs rumbling in his ears.
"It's possible." She allowed and Steve watched her carefully.
Them being Strucker and the others, but it’s not just them. She means all humans. Wanda may have chosen this fate but she is still a kat. She knows that the choice was just an illusion.
“We’re connected?” The kid sniffled and maybe if Tony was somebody decent like Cap, he would have given the kid a hug and said something appropriately affirming, but he’s Tony Stark and awkward emotions are not his thing.
"There is an us?" Natasha asked poignantly arching a skeptical brow in Tony's direction and he rolled his eyes but decided to let her have it because it was a fair enough question considering he held the keys to this wagon train.
"Or so you've heard." Natasha drawled, and there was something poignant there in her tone but Tony was too busy still reeling from the little gem of insight that if he started unscrewing digging too deeply into his teammates heads he could actually kill them. What the fuck?! Who had thought messing around with biology none of them fully understood was the smart thing to do here!
Cause there they all are, Senator Stern, General Ross, Nick Fury and a dozen other important so and sos behind them. And they put on professional faces and everybody shakes hands and smiles for cameras but he can see it in their eyes how hungry they are. How smug. It’s in the way Ross’s eyes track over their bodies, lingering longest on Bruce. He doesn’t see people but tools, and he’s oh so confident that things are going his way. They all are.
A moment later the Avengers were crowded around his workstation staring up at the holographic files that Tony had spread above the table.
-*-*-
Steve was not a big fan of fancy dinner parties. He’d not been invited to a lot before waking up from the ice and becoming an Avenger. Just a few fundraisers in the early days of his recruitment (back when they’d needed people to buy war bonds and he and Bucky were a sensation) but even that limited experience had been enough to cure him of any itch he may have had to attend one.
“Don’t try and touch him.” Tony jumped at the sudden return of that unfamiliar voice, glancing up with wild eyes to see another one of SHIELD’s field medics standing not far from him, hands outstretched as if she’d frozen mid movement.
He was a dark well of untapped potentials and even so, even without daring to test his limits and race against the gods of their imaginations, he outpaced all but one or two minds in the world.
“You’re not responsible for what you dream. You weren’t the one who hurt her. The broth, it can show you things happing in your present, right? Well there you go. It sucks being forced to watch I’ll bet but you weren’t responsible.”
One day Bruce had made his lunch in the big kitchen on the common floor and gone down to Tony’s lab to invite him up. He’d expected Tony to decline, and wasn’t comfortable with bullying him into it, but to his surprise Tony – after JARVIS had pointed out it had been seventy-two hours since his last night of full sleep and twenty-four since his last meal – had agreed with very little prodding.
Tony’s mouth spread into a wide grin.
"You're a dirty rotten liar Rogers!" Tony shouted breathlessly over the music, coming neatly out of a spin the way one did when they'd spent gruesomely dull hours in their childhood training for pageant shows. Call him vain, but Tony had expected to have to drag Steve through the ropes and fight not to get his feet stepped on, but Steve Rogers was a dirty liar brimming with lies, because he was actually a rather good dancer. A little out of touch with the times, but whatever. Swing was fun.
Natasha wasn’t having them anymore because she didn’t want to. And because she and Tony were bonded it meant she didn’t have to surrender her mind to Bucky’s pull. Not with Tony guarding it. Steve understood why it made Natasha more comfortable to give the dreams up. The idea of having someone like the Winter Soldier walking around in her head unbidden was probably the only thing dangerous enough in the world to terrify a woman like Natasha. And Steve understood perfectly well he should be scared too of giving himself over every time he closed his eyes, but he just couldn’t be.
It didn’t matter what his sweat glands were doing or whatever the hell it was he’d been building with (not)Luke; because you couldn’t build anything real on lies and that’s what the tom had done. He’d lied to Tony from the beginning so that left them at ground zero. Attraction happened, Tony was a fucking expert on attraction and the doors it could open. He’d learned under fire.
So when the government got the crazy idea to create an army of super soldiers to rival the pharaohs of old, they started by scooping up gata from local shelters and the like to train them up for the armed forces.
Jarvis drives them down out of the hills and across the city to a modest apartment block in a corner of the city where everything couldn't be more different than what Tony is used to.
Nothing was certain in the world at all.
Phil had given him the details, the research (what little there was of it) and had asked Clint what he thought.
, not free to do any of the things that they could do. How could he sit there and talk about things getting better with any kind of certainty, when he’d barely understood what was happening right under his nose.
“Alright, get to your positions.  On my word we close ranks and box them in.” Steve instructed, and Tony flew up with a kick of thrusters to zipp through an upstairs window at his designated entry point, blasting his way inside with a grin at the sound of the shattering glass. He did love making an entrance.
“Wow, did not see that coming.” Clint muttered under his breath and beside him Natasha growled lowly.
"Bring them up JARVIS, and have Cap and Bruce meet us in the living room" Tony instructed calmly, his gaze hardening on the frozen images.
She had the distinct look of the well fed and well cared for about her, and a surprising amount of muscle on her bones. She’d have lost points for that at the pageants, but regained a few with the sleek black fur on her tail and ears, uniform in color and even darker than the thick nest of curls on her head that she’d barely managed to tame into a ponytail.
I CAN NOT SPEAK FOR YOUR CAPTAIN. BUT I MUST REMIND YOU, FOR BOTH YOUR SAKES, THAT IT IS NOT JUST A MATTER OF WHETHER OR NOT THERE IS LOVE BETWEEN THE TWO OF YOU. BEFORE YOU THERE WAS ANOTHER QUEEN AND THAT HAS REAL COMPLICATIONS.
He stumbled, falling forward, and Tony was there to land a solid punch to the jaw and grab the rifle, attempting to pry it from his hands.
And now, here Tony was. Strapped into another tin can, about to have another serum infused into his blood and bone, not enough morphine in the world to be helpful.
“Except Barnes is dead! So, there is no battleground.” Tony snapped and for some reason T’Challa looked completely taken aback by this.
In which Tony's young pride is tested and his first act of leadership is to do the one thing everyone is advising him not to do. Otherwise known as just another day in the life of Tony Stark. Maybe the last day. So maybe not just another day.
“And the reports say nothing was taken?” Steve asked once more, like he thought the answer might have changed and JARVIS reconfirmed that the early reports from the incident indicated that the thieves had not taken anything in their raid.
Phrased like that the prince had no choice but to be understanding and Tony was just fine with that.
It had to be a hack, because the only one with access to the alpha override codes was Tony, and in a few cases Pepper.
and that’s what you want. Because I’m what you want.” Tony held Steve’s and searched his face for some hint of what he was feeling, and Steve stared back at him, eyes widening slightly as he took in Tony’s words. Tony found himself pleading silently that Steve’s answer wouldn’t be some sort of let down. He didn’t know how he’d take a rejection when he felt like the slightest touch from Steve was going to break him.
Was it too early to leave?
Tony saw himself admit with a rueful grin before whistling for the attention of the kits. "Right gang. Not so far out. Not until you've mastered the doggy paddle."
When Peter Parker had been in the fourth grade his class had taken a school trip to Stark Industries. They’d taken a vote on where to go, even though Mr. Hepburn their science had kept mentioning how great it would be for them to go to Oscorp and see everything they were working on there, Peter didn’t want to go there. Oscorp was pretty cool but Peter had been there a million times and had already seen the best things that Master Osborne was working on. But Peter couldn’t tell any of his classmates about the best stuff anyway and Master Osborne didn’t like reminding people in public that he was friendly with the Parkers.
They'd not been able to discern a pattern, but Tony was skeptical that it was purely coincidence his brain just so happened to turn into some kind of living computer.
"The team wasn’t going to leave you alone, and I figured the risks were lower for me. I belong to you… I think that’s the reason you protected us. You might not agree, but I think something in you knows that. I know you won’t hurt me."
Nyota had heard stories growing up about the slave trade in the states. She’d been warned direly about the dangers of venturing outside of Resilience on her own and whenever the family traveled to Wakanda they did it under armed escort. She knew what life was like for Gata before her dad had founded Reliance, but hearing about it, even looking things up online, wasn’t the same as seeing it with your own eyes.
“I’m sorry.” He gritted out, hand coming up to grab a fistful of hair as he turned about on his heel to face the other man.
Tony fell, but the plush mattress of the bed caught him and he rolled, giggling as Clint leaned over him in triumph.
“I’m not expecting it to be easy and the truth is, I’m not all that certain how much time I have before… well before I’m out of time in any event. So I know it may never come to full fruition, but I’m going to give it everything I have left in me, because everything I have isn’t worth a damn thing Darren.
"Your uncle's advice seems to require that you survive splitting yourself into two parts. I would not advise it Master Antony, it sounds dreadfully drastic."
It’s not the witness of some mere
“We are short staffed, so my uncle has been pulled away but I have sufficient experience to take it from here. The Captain has all but healed and Clint is right where he should be.”
She realized slowly that she was just as afraid as he was, though for different reasons than she was yesterday. Because Tony is right about this too: she hates the thought of the pride with an intensity that frightens her. Because that desire to sink her teeth and rip, to draw blood before she lets any of them any closer is her weakness and her greatest protection.
The room had gone deathly quiet as Tony's words resonated with his listeners and Steve swallowed back the lump that was forming in his throat. He’d never heard Tony sound so impassioned or look so dangerous as he looked just then. There was a wildness in his expression, in his scent, that had every hair on Steve’s body raising.
The soldier has made a fire and says it is time to sleep but they don’t like fire.
Tony had suggested something like that before, but deep down. Steve hadn’t wanted to believe it.
And then of course, the biggest fear of them all. With Bucky alive would Steve ever be ready to give himself to a new Queen?
They’d been shifting through that footage for the last half hour. So far what they knew didn’t tell them much but what it did tell them begged a thousand more questions.
"Sir!"
The nananorobots had done their job, reinforcing his tissue, building a bridge for that electromagnetic energy to travel down and conducting the wave to two single exit points.
"Plebeians." Tony muttered irritably. "Your right to have an opinion Clint was revoked when you suggested Pawn Stars. You've been reassigned to footrest duty. Trash TV opinions not needed."
How could she not know that? They could change the past and save the future for some other versions of them, but the sticky reality of it was it wouldn’t be
“Yes,” Tony replied, mind already racing ahead. “Professor Charles Xavier.”
Steve didn’t like bullies or to bully others, and he didn’t believe in fighting just for the sake of fighting, but he kind of agreed with Thor whose face split into a beaming grin as he exclaimed, “It is sure to be a most excellent sparing match!”
They come in two genders: Fels and Toms. Which is really rather simple, except that humans like to fuck everything up by trying to view foreign constructs under a human microscope.
They shrink into the wall, unable to move they’re so paralyzed with fear. The fear is so strong it’s a sour stench in their nose and there’s absolutely nothing they can do to bank it.
“It’s good to see you happy for once, but it’s terrible for business. You’re useless to me like this.” She’d teased before shooing him from the conference room and Tony had happily obliged.
~*~*~*~
“It was a well played match,” T’Challa agreed with a laugh.
“I don’t suggest doing either of those things,” Bruce mumbled as he took another sip of his drink. “At least not on the first date. But the sentiment sounds right.”
“Why do you do it? Spiderman. If Norman Osborne isn’t making you, why put on the suit?”
When he got to the lab he was surprised not to hear loud music pouring from within. That was what Tony usually did when he wanted to drown out the rest of the world. But no, it was quiet and still outside the doors and when he inquired with JARVIS whether Tony was still inside or not the A.I. confirmed that he was.
“Have you not wondered why prides form around a Queen?” Prince T’Challa asked with a hint of a smirk, unable to hide his pride as he said, “The Queen brain is the alpha predator and those who would be prey are wise to find a protector. I give my Queen fealty, and she protects me from other Queens who could make a meal of me. So you see Mr. Stark, if you wanted either my mind or my heart, you'd have to go through my mother, and she is a formidable woman."
They’re still small but they’re someplace different now. Some place that is cold with depressingly bare walls and a single lamp. The room is just as scarcely decorated as its walls with a twin sized bed, a lone dresser and an ugly maroon rug.
He won’t lose Wanda and Pietro like he lost the others. They will not be terminated. Ivan would kill before–
Movement from Killian had her eyes snapping back and when she saw what the man held she made a snap decision. Time to move.
Curiously there was a long moment of silence where everyone looked to the tom with interest and Luke appeared to be weighing his words very carefully. Tony wondered why that was, his eyes flickering to the spot on his chest where he knew the tom's shirt covered the necklace he wore.
If you've ever had a pissed off Captain America coming toward you like a long black train then you know exactly how hard it was for Tony to stand there doing his best to look unbothered. He'd never seen Steve look this furious, even when they'd been pushed into all but duking it out on the Hellicarrier by the tesseract.
It was permission for them both to let got. To stop thinking and dwelling in places that hurt and simply feel one another.
If he did, was Tony strong enough to survive that? Was he strong enough not to lash out and punish Steve for what he couldn’t control, all because he’d rushed in asking for something Steve wasn’t ready to give.
“Really? Because this is starting to sound a whole lot bigger.”
"Was that Real House Kittens? You need to go back."
“Well that was a depressing memory.  Gotta say Bucky, I liked that time we went and got hot dogs on Coney Island better.”
He didn't realize that he was purring by the time they finally rolled to a stop in front of an unassuming hole in the wall in the middle of some borough that was decidedly not Uptown Manhattan, until Steve cut off the engine and the sound suddenly seemed glaringly loud despite the low thud of music coming from the basement of the building.
"I see." Thor murmured thoughtfully in answer to Tony's statement. "Then we must find a bigger tree. We shall cut down the largest we can find in the nine realms and have a gathering the likes of which would put my younger self to shame!"
Steve’s lips were as unfairly perfect as the rest of him, because the serum took care of the day to day annoyances like dry lips. It kind of messed Tony up a bit, how soft the kiss was, how much it tasted like a plea (like so many beg pardons) so when he grasped Steve’s face between both hands and deepened it, it was for preservations sake (though whose it was hard to say).
“On the contrary. Though in my youth I did attempt to sneak around, I have found that if they don’t have the fortitude to stand up to the scrutiny of my Queen generally it’s because they are not worthy.”
Well in that case the parent is still a parent but the kit is definitely not a child.
Dangerous, some sixth sense warned. So very dangerous.
A/N: You might have seen already but I've started a companion piece to this story for those who are concerned about the ending and want a few assurances that this isn't all going to end in bloody heartbreak once we get to Civil War. You can find that
“Don’t be ridiculous.” Wanda scoffed beside him, her mouth curling in a small grin as she added, “We did not go to the Black Castle to serve the new order, but to survive it.  And we are going to survive it.”
Tony rubbed the back of Bruce’s hand and tried to steady his own breathing. He kept a firm smile of encouragement on his face as they began.
Luke (oh look, the guy's name was floating around up there after all) shook his head, sipping serenely from his mug of coffee.
T’Challa and the Dora Milaje clearly did not have that problem. T’challa had said they’d been training since they were small children and Tony wasn’t going to be the first to call the man a liar. Tony’s forte definitely wasn’t hand to hand combat so he was happy to pass up the cocktail blend of martial arts that they were serving up, however Natasha looked (and felt) to be having the time of her life. Even recovering from an injury the woman loved a challenge
They shrink, curling themselves into a ball against her chest. They don’t like Sir. He barks at them and sticks them with needles. He asks them to do things that they don’t understand and they get hurt when they don’t. Sometimes they get hurt even when they do.
He guessed he could say he was one of the lucky ones, though Steve had never been one of those kid’s eager to leave town as soon as he was able and never look back. That had come later. There had been a time when he’d have been very happy staying put in Richardsville, but those days dreams had gone up in smoke a long time ago, and the reason for that was currently waiting at the Pembrook Hospital where his mother was being treated for Hodgkin's.
“You described the shield that way too.” Natasha pointed out. “You said it was essentially a ring of short plasma swords that spun to create an impenetrable surface. A light shield. You also promised to make me a knife.”
Tony nodded and noticed he didn't seem at all shocked by that.
“I heard doctor. Who needs a doctor?” Pepper called from the other side of the room and Tony hollered back with a bright grin.
“Amory knows a lot more than most doctors.” Nyota pointed out. Her aunt and uncle had both been doctors (although technically Uncle Bruce hadn’t been that kind of doctor) and as a result Amory probably did know way more than Jaime was giving him credit for.
"The Captain is upon the tower roof and I do not know if he has slept. He does not look well. I fear his mind may yet be unsettled by the broth and that he may come to some injury."
He blinked his eyes open slowly, not sure when they’d drifted shut, and their eyes met.
Caught red handed T’Challa chuckled, taking a shallow sip from his glass of wine before explaining himself.
Steve nodded, the furrow in his brow deepening with thought.
"I was falling to my death." He pointed out and Tony couldn't see the guy's face but he could hear the smile in his voice.
There are years in the kennel house being bullied by staff and trampled on by larger kits.
Well they were going to fix things. They were going to go down there and get their parents and teleport the hell out of here before the incursion and then Nyota was going to probably scream at them for a good hour or two for lying to her. They hadn’t been fine. They hadn’t caught up. They weren’t ever coming back (unless she came and got them) because they’d stayed behind on a sinking ship like perfect idiots.
"Bad dreams."
“Mind explaining how a couple of teenage renegades from your country got their hands on Tony’s technology?” Steve snapped from Tony’s side and the tom’s gaze flickered over to the super soldier with cool regard.
to not come off like a total dweeb, so that when Mr. Stark inevitably realized somebody had made a mistake selecting him for an internship, maybe he would give Peter a chance and wouldn’t send him packing.
The scientists been forced to turn their eyes then to creating a combatant to the domesticating serum, which had pretty disastrous (and of course deadly) results for the kits they tried it on.
"Lovers? Jesus you sound like a bodice ripper." He sneered. "We had a fling. The best fling of his natural born life, but a fling nonetheless."
"I'm team captain Tony. It's my job to -"
Steve surged forward, mouth covering Tony’s and Tony surrendered to the hungry pressure of his mouth with a groan. The voice in the back of his head that whispered a man like Steve couldn’t really want him (couldn’t really need him) went mercifully silent in the wake of the evidence. Steve held on to him like he might drown if he didn’t.
He swallowed thickly, waiting nervously for something to happen. Caught between feeling like he should be saying something about what he'd just said and running for his life.
Tony laughed, as if he could read all of Peter’s whirlwind thoughts and put a hand on his shoulder again.
She sighs and gives up for the time being, but not before pleading that one day she hopes he understands.
"He knew if he lost sight of his purpose he'd have to be recalibrated. Those were his rules of operation. Each time he let me... each time he let me distract him he knew. He knew what they would do."
“Maybe it was better than the alternative.” Tony shot back coolly, hands remaining in his pockets so she didn’t see the way they fisted. He couldn’t help but bristle at the implication in her tone, like he was only paying attention to Harley because there was something in it for him. As if anyone could have walked away knowing the kid’s situation.
Yes! He really should, Tony completely agreed. He was this close to offering to share that shower with him because he was all about energy conservation but Steve was probably still pissed with him and Pepper would get on his case because he was in the middle of the biggest merger of his life, and really shouldn’t skip off to have shower sex with his boyfriend.
Those memories he grits his teeth and throws back like it's a hangover cure because it is. It's a reminder.
“Do any of us know what Prince T’Challa’s interests actually are?” he returned with a dark glance in the prince’s direction before his attention was stolen from the woman across from him, a Mrs. Fujikawa (a wealthy widow who was attending the dinner with her prized kitten) who leaned forward in her chair to interrupt their whispered conversation with a knowing look.
Tony asked her with a silent smirk and she stared back at him in a distinctly Pepper like fashion.
"Could you tell me more about it?"
The sight of the livid bruising on his arm had been enough to distract her for a moment from the fact that apparently Peter had applied for a prestigious internship at Tony Stark’s brand-new tech start up, Stark Resilience without her permission. Long enough to send her on a rant about bullies and following him with a batt to school if the administration wasn’t going to put a stop to things. But not for
“He wants you alive Tony, that’s something I trust. If he’s as good as you say he is then he should be there.”
He doesn’t know this voice – female and powerful – but for a moment that feels like an age, she holds his mind in strong grip and the pain stops suddenly. Ivan is sucked down a dark tunnel.
It was good advice.
~*~*~
The soldier is a shattered mirror. His mind nothing but jagged parts held together by grace, the slightest shift in gravity would be his undoing. He needs recalibrating. This is a fact. A fact he knows. But he resists. He walks up to the mirror and he observes.
Tiberius Stone for his part looked completely unruffled to find himself sitting in the Avengers living room, all six members plus Colonel Rhodes staring at him and his companion with varying degrees of contempt and mistrust.
Tony forgets where he ends and Bruce begins.
Maybe with a bit of luck they’ll find their own answers.
“Unidentified vessel, you are approaching a no-fly zone. Please identify.” A familiar voice filled the cockpit, its confident professionalism ruined by the thread of excitement the kid could barely contain.
"I wouldn't be here, if not for him." She acknowledged and on anyone else, Tony thought the constriction in her voice might mean she would cry. "I saw them resurrect him, in my dream. I know they killed him, but in the dream he woke up. He called for me and they -"
With everyone running low and an extra wait estimated for SHIELD backup Steve had begrudgingly relented, but warned Tony to stick to aerial support and hang back.
“Though physical separation across great distances is not recommended indefinitely, it does not appear to be fatal. Examination of Captain Rogers, who shows signs of a successfully established bond with a deceased party, does seem to suggest however that permanent separation from a partner can cause a significant break down in cognitive function.” Helen answered with a sympathetic look in Steve’s direction as inevitably eyes drifted toward him. He just nodded, to show that he was listening but Tony read his discomfort with the scrutiny in the way he held himself.
But Bucky was gone, a reality that must be accepted, and even though it had been nearly a year Steve still felt like he'd only just taken a breath since watching him fall. And now that he was surrounded by over a dozen of them, it was hard not to look at the kits and think about the future. Having the life he’d never thought he and Bucky could have… If he and Tony took their relationship further well, Tony would have heats. They could take precautions but there was no fully predicting these kinds of things. And Tony was really good with the kits. Steve could see he’d be a great dad.
He wasn’t an asshole about it, but Tony didn’t have to be a mind reader to know Steve didn’t much like the topic of conversation. Who would? Way to start off a relationship Stark. Hashing through the biological evidence of your attraction to someone else is always a winning option for a second date.
~*~*~*~
Pro tip: Clint's the guy you shout at not to be a hero who ignores you. Every time.
Tony raised his glass. He’d definitely drink to that.
“Truly? I am thinking bigger than just rebuilding a facility.” Tony began, reaching for his own tablet to command the holo-screen and bring up the designs he’d been working on. “Think rehabilitation community. That’s how we’re going to get it under their radar Darren, a fancy place for society to toss their broken-down toys where they’ll live out the rest of their days in comfort relearning how not to flinch at every sound.
“Is there nothing you want this Christmas Tony?” Thor asked gently and something flashed through Tony’s eyes. It was quick, almost mercurial, a fleeting glimpse of deep yearning leaching into a bleak resignation.
“I love you.”
By the time they were looking for volunteers, another world war had broken out. When the army came back to collect Barnes, Rogers had been just the right combination of good and crazy for old Dr. Erskine to think he was the perfect candidate when he volunteered as tribute.
He couldn’t say anything but yes when he’d seen how badly she wanted this for him, especially when he wanted it just as badly for himself.
No more fucking tags for Bruce and no collar for Tony. Not ever.
JARVIS’ tone was notably colder than usual, which Steve took as his just deserts. When he put in his accesses code he almost expected it to be rejected but the doors slid open seamlessly without a sound.
He couldn't force Stark to make them pride, to give him the promise of security he needs sometimes just keep his eyes closed at night. Those are Clint's demons and he's got to deal with them.
The trouble was, she didn’t think they were born yet. Not by a long shot.
Currently the ARK was flying over the Atlantic Ocean on what was definitely a planet earth and as far as Nyota was concerned, morning couldn’t come soon enough.
Tony hadn't known they were as close to coming o some sort of agreement as Natasha implied but it made sense that the UN would want them included in the upcoming summit. With the kind of threats they now knew existed in the universe, the world had just got a lot smaller and a lot more inclusive.
“Do you have any idea how creepy it is when you do that?” Tony heard Clint mutter under his breath and Natasha shushed him.
“Be that as it may, an uneven fight is an uneven fight and that’s not how we do things around here.” Steve insisted. “We’ll give you Thor. Tony, repulsors on their lowest setting and I won’t use the shield to-”
“I know he’s still in love with Barnes.”
What farm? You wonder. Who is Sarah Rogers? Good questions. But all in good time.
They were connected Steve realized, his own eyes moving back to Tony who was watching the two of them with a fierce sort of pride. Natasha and Bruce were connected with Tony in the middle. That was what Thor had meant, when he’d said the Queen and Consort were at the center of the Pride. He’d meant the literal center.
“Are you about to offer me a deal?"
“Not that it’s a bad view or anything,” Tony began, because he could find nothing to complain about no matter where his eyes settled. “But you guys don’t have to do this half naked. We’ve got plenty of training gear.”
She was already moving away to sit beside Clint, snatching the rest of her fruit, her mouth curled in a smirk. Rhodey was chuckling into his coffee and Clint was outright howling with laughter.
He gripped his hand tighter on the wheel and let his foot press heavier on the gas. Ready or not, some things just came your way and there was nothing to do but meet them head on.
“That depends on how quickly you get there doesn’t it?”
His whole body perked to attention like they were taking roll call in gym class and his heart pounded just as nervously as if coach was about to single him out, except this time he
“You and Natasha are both bonded to the Winter Soldier, sometimes known as Ivan.” Tony finally answered and the flummoxed expression that Steve’s face morphed into was almost comical.
It was galling to admit, but the question was burning at the center of him. That’s what Tony really needed to know. Did he truly see Tony for who he really was, want him for who he really was, and would he be able to put Tony and the Pride first before anything else? Or was Tony going to look inside of him, go reaching for his heart only to find that he truly belonged to Bucky Barnes?
It amazed Tony, that someone so physically intimidating could look so small. His posture hunched, hands tucked under his arms, Steve took a forceful swallow. He finally turned and looked at Tony and when he did, it was like a punch to the gut.
As further part of their personal research into Gata biology and documenting their continued development, Tony was developing a Bi-neurally Augmented Retro-Framing device or BARF. A machine that with a little help from a Queen could tap into memory and change the way those memories were experienced. It also acted as a handy way to record memory in real time, which was what they needed right now in their hunt for the Winter Soldier.
“Negative. They first appeared in Macey’s, looked to be a standard robbery. Then they split off to target a Barnes and Nobles.”
But the cancer had come back, and come back with a vengeance. Ma got weak again twice as fast this time around and it seemed to him that the chemo was harder on her body and helped less. He hadn’t wanted to take the trip to Boston at all with her still going through treatment but she wouldn’t hear of him staying and passing up the opportunity he’d been working so hard for all year.
"Ivan." Clint realized, and Tony started, only because he hadn't realized that Clint knew about Ivan but then in retrospect, of course he did. Bruce looked confused but he kept his questions at bay.
But in the ways that matter, he did not.
The mission was a simple one. Text book. Or at least it would have been, if Ivan hadn’t started it off his game. His head is still cracked, but so long as their handlers stayed in the dark about that he didn’t see it as much of a problem. He was getting stronger, finding it easier to keep Stark from rooting around in his thoughts at will. He couldn’t push the man out completely. Somehow some way, Stark had created a bridge between them and Ivan got the notion that if he wanted the man gone completely he’d have to burn it down – and he didn’t think that was going to be a bloodless process for either one of them.
-Enjoy-
The future was the purpose of his meeting today.
"You're behind Brucie. Her parent didn't like his parent's attitude. And remember, mommy wanted to hook up with that artist guy." Tony sneered as the commercial ended and the show resumed.
Zero was an unwilling participant in a reconditioning program to make soldiers for the empire, the coming one that has slept unnoticed inside civilization for centuries. The new order. Zero’s belief in their mission was not necessary, the way a maggot’s understanding of cleanliness is not necessary before the cleansing.
“Dead?”
“Sam’s service with the Airforce was conscripted as part of a rehabilitation effort.”
"Of course Sir."
“Who’s Miss. Hannagan?” Fluffy asked with a wrinkle of her button nose, the little tom latching protectively onto Patches who shrank at the mention of a stranger looking for them. “You aren’t going to sell us, are you Mr. Stark?”
Too long without food and sleep and they end up crashing. From the foot of his hospital bed Obie sighs about the lost production time but he can’t completely hide his pleasure. The new bundle is going to blow anything else on the market away. They’re already itching to get out of bed.
“It requires aggression,” T’Challa announced in a scathing tone, seemingly apropos of nothing. “Retracting them is easy, but arming myself depends on hormones your scientists correctly associated with aggression. That is why you have never seen the like here.”
Wanda.
"You look like Natasha got her hands on you." Tony commented as he took in Steve's unusually rugged ensemble of well fitted jeans and bomber jacket. There was just a touch of gel in his hair that had Natasha's interfering lady fingers written all over it, but Tony wasn't really complaining when the result was a couple hundred pounds of all American gorgeousness leaning up against a few more hundred pounds of sleek American made machinery.
She was going to bite that hand from its wrist.
“That’s all very interesting, but, and pardon me if this comes off as rude, why should I believe you?” Tony rose from his seat, the movement deceptively casual but Natasha couldn’t miss how it put distance between him and the tom. “Like at all? Seriously. Give me a reason to trust a single word. I’m dying of curiosity over here. ”
But if Tony knew the pageant crowd it was those big sad eyes that would have won her the ribbons.  A deep brown, almost black near the outer rims but closer to the pupil they revealed hidden splashes of burgundy and flecks of feline green; they were the eyes of a lost child, carrying a familiar weight – the weight of too many loved ones gone, and too many dreams come to nothing – framed by a spread of thick inky black lashes.
“Tony Fucking Stark.”  the guy drawled, country as you please, apparently having no trouble whatsoever believing it was really Tony with his ass hanging out his window. “Tell me how it is a guy can build a fucking robot, but can’t figure out how to change a tire?”
A stream of binary code flowed across Tony’s vision, Extremis lighting his eyes the eerie vibrant blue that gave Pepper the heebie-jeebies and usually sent the interns scuttling away in fear. He fondled the little metal disk, analyzing the numbers over and over as he tried to access the technology inside only to be firmly rebuffed.
“Well I don’t know, but it would be cool if you could stop screeching in my ear.” Billy grumbled with a disgruntled look, leaning away from Kate who shot him an apologetic look.
He hadn’t even realized he’d slumped against Natasha’s side until he registered that the hands slowly massaging his scalp were hers.
“…think the recent surge in feral activity is cause for public concern? First the attack on Oscorp and just two days ago the robbery at ViXon Tech. People are beginning to wonder if the Avengers are truly capable of shutting these guys down. Are you?” the host was asking.
“When you looked in my file. Did it say I was a degenerate?” Steve still hadn’t turned to look at him, but there was something hard in voice now, a force that brooked no room for evasion, and Tony wouldn’t have insulted him by trying either way.
"How's the search going?" He asked, pausing in his ministrations and Natasha bit into the skin of the apple she'd snagged from the kitchen on her way in (she'd made herself hungry in the car) pointedly staring at the pile of ripped bandages at Steve's feet.
He was. And all the more thrilling for it.
Blasting one of the mercs back with a repulsor blast he reached behind him and slashed at the neck of the asshole who’d thought it was a good idea to try and grab him from behind. Twisting in the cage of the guy’s arms to claw through his shirt and vest, digging into vulnerable flesh.
"Alright, stop guys. Visibility is shit. Let's regroup and figure out a way to get rid of this soup." Tony called out and the fog seemed to swallow his voice. There was no reply.
“That’s classified information Stark, how did you – ”
He knew what he wanted he thought, staring dully at the chrome doors as the lift took him upward. He knew deep down in the fearful dark that he didn’t much want to delve into, but part of him felt incredibly guilty for wanting it as bad as he did. Not to mention doubtful. What if this was just him being soft, same old Tony. So desperate for a little affection he couldn’t even see when someone was stealing from him, or plotting his death, until they were leaning over him ripping his heart out.
He's read all about sex of course. It’s old news to Tony how babies are made and the physical mechanics are just that, mechanics. He’s not sure what all the fascination and secrecy is about. He might not mind a sibling…
"Besides, I'm a bit long in the tooth now." Tony made a show of sighing, knowing he looked damn good thank you very much. "How you manage to keep up with the young beauties Ty I'll never know."
"Relax, it was a love tap." Killian turned his head briefly toward Stone. "He'll do more damage to himself tugging against those restraints. You should get him to take it easy."
“You goaded him! What the hell were you thinking?!” Steve accused, and Tony didn’t argue the point, too busy noticing that Steve had completely broken through the restraints on his chair, the metal bands still clamped around one wrist. There were angry red circles where the other bands had once rested. All Tony could think about was soothing the pain he must be in, but Tony’s head was throbbing so harshly it was all he could do to keep his barriers up.
Tony had started wearing them during his sessions with Xavier and his attempts to break into the mind of the Winter Soldier. Just as T’Challa had promised, they helped focus his energy and amplified his natural psychic abilities. It was truly armor fit for a Queen and Tony wasn’t above admitting he loved the shit out of them. At least to himself.
The crowded living room was dripping in lights and evergreen bows, and Bing Crosby was crooning at full volume about snow and hollying his jollies; which was timely because Clint was standing suspiciously close to the eggnog bowl which was now sporting an equally suspicious hand written note stating that it was for adults only. Not that it mattered a great deal because the only child in residence was busy flying the drone Tony had gifted him over everyone’s head.
"Destiny belongs to those who build it?" Clint echoed Queen Bastet's words from earlier and Tony opened his mouth to reply when the door opened, Thor hurrying inside the darkened room.
But the woman who bounded over the railing of the platform she stood on was the shortest woman Tony had ever seen.
“Hard to have nightmares when you don’t sleep.”
Tony frowned.
Tony does as he’s told and limps over to the board.
Tony makes a promise that one day he will go to India himself and find Devi's family and greet them, and on that day they will all eat sugared dates and Tony will build Devi a fleet of ships so that he is richer than a raja. Devi laughs when he tells him this and says "May it be. May it be."
“Has the state government of Massachusetts relented to your terms then?” T’Challa questioned and Tony leaned closer toward him, smiling winsomely.
But beating the point to death wasn’t why he’d asked her there or even something he was interested in really. He didn’t think Jena Keener was a bad person, or even a bad mother. He truly believed she’d done the best job she’d known how to do; but that was it wasn’t it? Jena Keener couldn’t know the struggles that Harley had ahead him and she couldn’t path the way for him the way that Tony and the Avengers could.
But as swiftly as the thought came, guilt followed it.
“I wasn’t aware I was housing a tower full of uncivilized heathens who haven’t learned more hygienic ways to scent mark.” Tony prattled on. “You’re absolutely right Cap. Pee anywhere near my beautiful creations and my wrath will be quick and merciless.”
Sam laughed again and gave Rhodes a mock salute. “You’re relieved Colonel. Thank you for your assistance today. You’ve served your country with distinction.”
So Tony was already falling by the time that M.O.D.O.K.'s energy beam blasted through the top of a building and sent heavy debris hurling after Tony's falling form.
"Why was Stark even allowed out on the field?!" Fury decried from his usual seat at the head of the table. "He was a known liability. The last thing the world needs is to watch Tony Stark splatter his guts all over Manhattan!"
But the memory of the man is tumescent. It’s bloated and sick in Tony’s head and it supersedes everything else. Taints everything else. Even the memory of his mother.
“Well when you put it like that,” Tony demurred with a small nod. “Then I won’t.”
T’Challa smirked at him but had the tact not to say anything as he followed him through the living room. Tony watched curiously as the tom turned toward the kitchen Tony never used and made a beeline for it.
"Maybe I'm just popular?" Tony replied in a bored tone, examining his nails with a lazy flick of his tail. Fury was going to have to get some way better material if he was hoping to get a rise out of Tony this time.
Bruce has given up, but not the way that Tony thought. He's not so emotionally stunted that he can't see the difference.
They needed to understand why drinking the broth had linked her and Steve to a man who on the surface was only connected to one of them. That was the thread they had to pull. Figure out the connection between Ivan and the two of them and Tony knew the whole tangled web would come unweaved.
"Aye, I have observed this." Thor answered with a very somber expression. "This year I think should be different."
If there’s one thing Tony doesn’t like it’s being played with. The fuckers in the white house and on his Board of Directors might like to think he’s a toy, but that just makes chewing them up and spitting them back out ten times more enjoyable. So was this.
~*~*~
"I do not speak of your Captain, though you truly are a child if you think him cold to you. I declared him your consort because no one would dare refute me. Only true Prides may participate in the hunt. We make exceptions for our Asgardian hosts. My people would not have made an exception for you."
Dangerous, she could almost hear him warn.
"Aye, it was Tony who figured out that MORDORK was the center of the hive and that disabling him would halt the battle and -" Thor halted as next to him Clint snickered, only to try and cover the sound with an unconvincing cough. Glancing around at all the twitching faces he raised an eyebrow in confusion. "What have I said that is so humorous?"
“Fuck…” Tony breathed out slowly, seeming to come to grips with the truth of what Steve was saying far slower than he normally would.
“The energy output from Extremis spikes my core temp… it’s too hot to sustain life. To fertilize even. So we can breathe easy. Bullet dodged.”
It might be spring, but the nights are still cold. There is no time for weakness. The soldier stomps toward them on heavy boots and they mewl in terror as he grabs their arm.
"Sure Tony." Bruce agreed gently, placing a hand on Tony's shoulder. Tony's smile was grateful but tired. When he looked back up at her his mask was back in place, his voice ringing with the confidence the world was so familiar with.
“I think what Tony’s saying is the Avengers are the only reason they’re giving us the time of day Director,” Steve summarized after a long moment and Tony’s grin shifted from something a little less sharp to a little more warm with appreciation.
"The night Tony was abducted." Natasha explained slowly. "I thought the virus was going to kill him. It must have fixed whatever was blocking his reach before because I felt him reach for my mind."
“You’re saying these are children?” T’Challa finally spoke up, a note of curiosity in his tone.
He hates the man just for that.
Thor chuckled and leaned downward to whisper his reply.
“The kits have grown into a fine pair of trouble makers but Mother dares not punish them too harshly lest word get back to their Queen. She makes them pull the chariot when they have misbehaved but strong as they are it’s hardly a punishment worth mentioning.” Perhaps in an attempt at levity he sounded abundantly surly about that in a way that spoke of jealousy and Natasha’s eyes met Tony’s from across the table in bemusement.
“You’re an A student. You’ve been pre-accepted into Midtown Science Academy next year. How smart do you think you have to be?” Tony interrupted his jumbled thoughts and Peter gaped at him. He was beginning to realize that something very weird was going on. Mr. Stark knew too much about him, and had just admitted to inviting Peter here even though he knew he’d never applied.
He was he one who never accepted no for an answer and beat the system. He never quit, even when he was strapped down with a car battery embedded in his chest; and the next time some gata kit wants to go to school and they’re told their too stupid to learn or advance beyond menial labor at their job they know they don’t have to believe it.
The telepad hummed and Riri appeared in the center of a swirl of wholly unnecessary lights and spinning molecules. Dad had borrowed the sound effects straight from Star Trek because he was a giant nerd.
"He's done enough." Natasha saved him from having to come up with an answer and an answering growl rumbled in Clint's throat.
He tried to quiet his mind and sink into the mechanical hum, rifling past the input of every random machine in a twenty foot radius and tap into just the connections he wanted.
"He's not interested. I think you'd better leave." Steve commanded in that 'Captain America says so' way of his that no one dared argue with, which meant Tony always felt he had to on principle.
Obadiah is easy to remember. If Hughard is a tumor, Stanislov is a black oil creeping through his veins. He couldn’t see it back then; how insidious his poison was. Tony’s early associations are warm hued and heavy with the desperate need of a child for recognition.
“What’s the downside?” Tony asked warily, heart sinking because the pictures Darren was showing him were perfect. Lush and green, low slopes, sandy beaches, crystal blue waters.
Maybe if dad had spent less time arguing with Steve about what was and wasn't morally acceptable at the end of the world, maybe he'd have thought up a better way.
"I'm sure he would not want anything different."
“In some ways…” Steve began, eyes still searching Tony’s for answers that he didn’t have. Something he saw there must have made him lose heart for it because he choked on the end of one sentence and began another. “But not the way it should be. People haven’t changed as much as they should have. You were right.”
They’d taken the job because at the time it had seemed like freedom. The only freedom guys like them were ever going to get.
“Slow. Stupid things aren’t even all that complicated in design. The pieces are just tiny and my giant man hands aren’t helping.”
“Enough now. Talk to Tony. While you’re in here, you’ve left him alone to deal with this. You get one of these. Pull this again and I might just decide to make a bid of my own for Consort.” He huffed a laugh and she squeezed his shoulder before heading for the door. She paused in the doorway and turned back to look at him for a moment.
“It’s not all of us,” Bruce pointed out suddenly and when everyone turned to look at him he shrugged. “I didn’t say anything at first because I wasn’t sure if Hulks enhanced immune system played a part in that or not. It’s happened before.”
They open their eyes.
Stark men might be made of iron but Tony Stark at nine years old appears to be the anomaly, the black sheep, because he's made of noise: music and giggles, silly questions and even sillier dreams. He's sweet natured and quick to give.
It really hadn’t been.
“And me!” Teddy interjected stubbornly and Nyota rolled her eyes.
“No. I’m always happy to help you T- Mr. Stark, I just I don’t know what I’m agreeing to help with.”
She shook her head, sweat-damp hair curling against her skin.
Would you?!
The birth of a Pride Part 1, otherwise known as Tony lets SHIELD know the score and is determined to find a way to survive Extremis with help from his friends, just in time for the wedding.
There was something pained about his expression, Bruce noted, as Steve cleared his throat. Tony had gone stiff under Bruce's hands and he cringed, already knowing that whatever Tony was going to say next wasn't likely to help. Tony was just really good at getting under the captain's skin.
"You clothe yourself in the colors of the Benu and fly toward the sun. Perhaps the stories I've heard about halflings were not entirely true. " She mused to herself and noticing the confusion on their faces her lips split into a toothy smile.
“Steve…”
And then without any further warning the tom struck. Damn it. The guy was fast, Steve cursed under his breath as he raised his shield a little too slow to avoid being clipped on the side of the head. It was all instinct after that, T’Challa didn’t give him space to breathe, barely a second to consider before he was darting in for the next strike, all fluid movement and feline grace.
He fired and the phantom dived into the mist, but the wind was blowing such that a few heartbeats was all it took to clear as if it had never been, and then they could all see it: a large shape descending from above, eagle-like talons outstretched with wings spread wide.
He didn’t give Killian any more warning before he went on the attack. And yeah, Tony was out numbered, even with the repulsor beam blowing holes through their ranks. At least two of the mercenaries were clearly on the extremis juice because they kept coming back for more long after their companions were decidedly not getting back up. Three against one weren’t good odds for anyone. But Tony wasn’t just anyone.
“Jesus Christ,” Tony cursed, barely managing to dodge the thing. The shield sliced cleanly through the wall, leaving behind a charred line and the smell of burning plaster. And Tony got his move on because he’d fought beside Steve long enough to make a lightning quick guess that when a guy threw his shield at an armed opponent it was because he expected it to come back.
T’Cael and Matai were sitting together, both boys whispering furtively in a way that usually spelled trouble. They both fancied themselves inventors and had a knack for biting off more than they could chew.
"Mama why can't they speak right?"
“Harley. What’s your deal? You live out here by yourself?”
Tony didn't think about it as he ran for the edge of the roof. His focus was on M.O.D.O.K streaking ever closer on that hover chair of his, and the narrowing window of opportunity he had. He shoved years of experience as a CEO, fighting every form of prejudice imaginable, into that single command, and then he leaped, thinking all the while about blips on the radar.
Phil sniffled loudly, mewling pathetically as his head drooped and Nyota started out of her memories, wincing at the gloomy pallor that had taken over the table. Some Queen she was turning out to be. She was supposed to be lifting everybody up.
He’d obviously spent years training with the Dora Milaje himself, and it stood to reason that his mother and father were going to be arranging his union with some political advantage just the same.
"It's M.O.D.O.K buddy, MORDORK is just something I say because he was an idiot." Tony waved away the explanation and tried to get them back on point as Fury heaved an aggravated sigh.
Steve had never minded. There had always been enough of Ma to go around. Tony Stark had been no different. Steve had been so grateful for that once. Still was if he were honest. He wasn’t that petty, to deny Tony a chance to say goodbye just because they hadn’t worked out, but he hadn’t seen Tony Stark in years and seeing him again, now, like this ... Steve didn’t know if he was ready for it.
answers and not necessarily the right ones.
Tony had opened his mouth to say so when it happened.
Nyota’s knees shook and she sat down heavily in her chair. A moment later T’Cael and Teddy were there, standing on either side of her. She reached for their hands, gripping them both tightly.
But Tony’s their little man, and Starks don’t cry.
Neither of them were dressed suitably for the cold, though Natasha was slightly better off in her insulated uniform. Tony was still without a jacket in the torn in the clothes he’d been taken in, before he’d woken up in the AIM lab with the crazies.
And Jaime... those other kits, who must have belonged to the rest of the team. Spunky little Nyota had to belong to Bruce and his mystery mate because he was the only other person Tony could think of who would name their daughter after Uhura besides himself. God he'd never be the same after seeing that.
"I always wondered how much of a role the Alurio played in the development of ancient Egypt. The technological boom that occurred in the dynastic period has never been fully explained, but the things they invented and what they built changed the shape of civilization as we know it! I've always thought the Alurio were too close to the pharos not to have played more of a part, but it's not in the history books."
She smirked.
“He’s going into shock Dr. Banner,” a low voice said beside him and Tony blinked to find an unfamiliar kat there, wearing the uniform of a medical assistant. More and more kats were working these days. He’d been so proud of that once. He’d promised the kats at the shelter that they didn’t have to go back to the heat houses or to families that would only see them as pets and not as people if they didn’t want to. He’d told them they could learn skills, find a trade, and maybe one day live independently…
Posting early again due to it being another busy Sunday. Moving is the WORST. Don't do it. ;) I hope you enjoy.
“They’re headed towards the south stairwell, I should make contact in the next thirty seconds.”
Tony had expected her to put up more of a fight about dressing up, but she’d been surprisingly game for the whole affair. Granted she’d insisted on coming up with her own attire and had threatened to disembowel him if he argued, but never let it be said that Tony didn’t know how to pick his battles.
Steve’s voice filled his head, momentarily distracting him from talking to Pepper who was calling from Japan where it was roughly six in the morning the next day.
He need not have worried. From day one Herr Yinsen is different.
At that very moment, someone else had the same idea.
Tony follows that voice, away from the burning in his chest and the sensation of being cut open – dimly aware that somewhere in the world he is sweating blood and screaming around a chest gridlocked in pain as his body attempts to heal and reject itself at the same time. He feels fingers and nails grappling at his chest. His heart hammering like it will burst –
“This ordeal has shaken you. I will carry you.”
"It's not a name."
Natasha as always, kept herself tightly buttoned up but the whiteness of her face and the hollow look in her eyes as she stared out the window said it all.
“Neko-Yokai are our familiars, Captain Rogers. They are made to walk beside us. They truly long for our care and it is our sacred duty to care for them, body as well as soul. How you care for your little darling’s bodily needs is up to you of cource.”
Tony sucked in a harsh breath, the cold stinging in his lungs, and with a pain-filled grunt he kept walking.
“Think you’re smart, don’t you?”  Brian sneers.
“Yes. The Alurio believed that whether one came to a Queen with personal, political or romantic whims, that they must be courted. It would have been an insult not to. I am nothing if not traditional.”
“Thankfully, for all our sakes, I don’t think that’s the case here Tony.”
Tony glared at him and the tom just continued to grin, full of teeth. On the other side of him Bruce coughed into his arm, but if he thought Tony couldn’t read his amusement loud and clear over the bond he was an idiot.
Master Osborne had made him swear not to tell anyone about the serum he’d been working on for years, and when one of the test subjects had accidently gotten loose and bitten him he’d warned Peter what would happen if the authorities ever found out he was enhanced. He was a black kat now, and that made him dangerous. They’d put him down, and he couldn’t do that to Aunt May.
Damn. Tony thought with dread, gut clenching. The fallout from this was going to be – no, no time for that. First things firsts. Take these guys down. Then he and Pepper could come up with a strategy for damage control.
"Tony?" Steve was asking, but Tony could barely hear over the pounding of his heart. "Thanks for coming out with me tonight."
"He didn't fall, he jumped. Most heroically I might add." Thor amended and the look Fury threw him could have curdled milk.
“If you stretch the imagination Sir, anything is plausible.”
"It’s alright. You just, took me by surprise...where did you get that?" She asked tentatively, lifting her eyes to his and Tony shook his head.
"We're missing the point." Natasha, speaking up for the first time, stared coldly at Fury. "What was the deal you made with Stone?"
“Tony. Tony come on wake up. There’s someone knocking at the door!”
“Tony! Can you hear me?” he demanded and Tony could feel how close he was to hulking out in his panic and forced himself to think past his screaming headache and answer.
The thing was. The visions didn't come all at once or even that quickly. The broth was surprisingly tasty, hot with a sweet edge that reminded Tony of Thai food. It left a warm muzzy feeling in his head in its wake, and it was like trying to operate while stoned out of his mind after that.
Whatever else he might threaten, Fury needed Tony more than he was letting on.
Luke paused, uncertain he had heard correctly. He wasn't the only one surprised at the suggestion. Tony was rather surprised himself that he'd made it.
"You'll be wanting to have kits soon, yeah? Now that your heats on. Not every kitten has got the right temperament for it, don’t matter what they say, but you, you'd make a great mother. And they’d fetch a bundle for your boy and his Ma."
Bucky had socked him in the eye, but that hadn't stopped either of them from whispering in the dark later how they were going to get a house together when they grew up, with two kids and a yard. They'd learned pretty quick though that what the courts meant by preventing abuse and sussing out 'Degenerates' was not cleaning up the kennels, the work houses, or scraping out the heat dens lining the underbelly of the city, but making an example of those who threatened the status quo.
Clint arched an eyebrow. Anthony? What the shit was that about?  Clint had gotten used to the way those two flirted with each other like it was in their mission debriefing, but Tony hadn’t let anyone call him by his full name since… well ever, that Clint could recall. Which was why Clint was watching his phone like it might burst into flames, fully expecting that Tony was about to start hissing and blowing up T’Challa’s profile with scratches.
"Does it involve an island..." Bruce hedged and Tony frowned at him, wondering how he'd known that, figuring with Bruce in his lab so often he must have picked up something but then Bruce said, "I was on an island in one of my dreams . I think I had a mate and there's no way she could... well no way a lot of it could have happened without you."
that Hughard allows. It's so much more than that but it's not like Hughard would care about that.
“The glowy ones suck.” He panted in reply, taking advantage of the moment to land a few rapid punches against the guys side. He leaped back as the guy freed himself with a mighty jerk and a roar, not seeming to feel the blows at all. He felt the arrows Clint sent shooting into both shoulders, his body stumbling backward as he grunted in pain, but the guy just reached up and jerked them away as if they were irritants. The wounds closing almost before the arrows had been removed.
“After the Sokovian rebellion was put down, a number of political prisoners volunteered for a medical research study.” She continued with a slight grimace. Yeah, Tony was calling bullshit on that whole volunteer part of things. “If you check the lists, it’s likely you’ll find her and the others.”
So the Avengers are
“A lot, I assume.” Steve responded, grinning at Thor’s despondent grumble. Steve didn’t smile much. Or if he did it wasn’t around Tony which to be fair was kind of a given when they couldn’t seem to agree on anything. Kind of a shame, Tony mused wistfully. Steve’s smile was wry and fleeting, but it suited him.
Tony could see it all as Bruce remembered it: the lights flashing, the way that he Helen, and T’Challa had scrambled to keep up with the virus (keep it from killing him), the way they’d scrambled to keep him from killing his teammates as they dropped one by one, convulsed in violent seizures.
The team was there, along with Pepper and Rhodey though the latter two had stepped out to handle something to do with the ongoing crisis following the attack on OSCORP. Jena had tried to get Harley to go back downstairs but the kit had been adamant in his desire to stay in the waiting room with everyone else. The two were curled up on a chair, Jena stroking the kits head gently while his eyes tracked Tony’s every twitch.
As for who the stronger Queen would prove to be. Time would be the truest test, but Tony didn’t believe in going into battle without the utmost confidence in one’s self.
“I just don’t know what he wants me to do. I can’t take back that stupid mission.”
“I’ve already got foxes guarding the hen house. No need to add a shark.”
Nyota and her crew repair their ship after tangling with the Avengers. Now that they have what they were after and can forge identities for themselves, there is only one thing left to do - prepare to say goodbye.
The silence stretched painfully as they waited in anticipation for her answer, Steve’s heavy breathing sounding overly harsh in the stillness until whatever strength of will that allowed him to hold back finally snapped.
"Bet she said she was thrilled about that." Clint jeered as on screen Amee visited the doctor to look into a bunch of hyped up symptoms that the dialogue tried to convince you was something terminal, but any idiot could tell were probably due to pregnancy.
“Worry less about me,” he finally grunts, even though it has been minutes since she spoke. “You two have to be ready for tomorrow.”
The formula is unstable. He knows this, but the army is out of patience.  He tries to make Ross understand but he isn’t strong enough. The lab explodes in a cloud of gamma bright green, and the pain that splinters through him is agonizing.
"In the middle of the night?" Tony questioned and Thor nodded.
A bead of sweat rolled into Tony’s eye and he blinked it away. It was a dreary gray winter day in the middle of New York City but Tony’s body didn’t seem to know it. One of the unfortunate side effects of heat was a literal jump in his (already hotter than the human average) body temp. He was hot, achy and uncomfortable, making the idea of taking a long soak in a nice pool very appealing. The Tower had at least two of them that Tony had never even been in (preferring the private pool at his Malibu home) but there was no time for stripping down and floating his discomfort away.
Tony almost didn't see it at all, tucked as it was under the tom's shirt, but as Luke knelt down to unlace his boots at DUMMY's insistent nudging it slid forward. It, turned out to be a glossy blue stone hanging at the end of a thick golden chain. There was something about it that didn't sit right with Tony. He knew precious gems when he saw them and though he couldn't bring forward a name for the stone, something about it tugged at his memory. He'd seen it before, or something like it. He knew he had, but the where and the when was the question.
"Rhuza, Mam" the boy answers and Tony perks up.
"I suppose it does," he hears Mama reply. "Hector's offer seemed more than generous Hughard. You can't ignore him."
"The most public.” Tony affirmed cheerfully. “I want you to sing your shock and dismay from the rooftops. "
“Is it dinosaurs in Central Park again?” Clint asked as soon as he ended the call. “Because I’m not getting out of bed for anything less than a cosmic level threat.”
Tony turned to Steve, who was standing beside him watching over the group of children, the glistening windows of the city towers rising behind them.
It gave Tony a vicious thrill of pleasure to bare his teeth at the man in an imitation of a smile and bite out a warning, “Maybe I’m not your kind.”
And that’s the reason Tony Stark is on the side of the road in bum fuck nowhere, hitching a ride from Clint Barton. Because if Rhodey had been less of a real friend he never would have brought Tony Sarah’s message in the first place; and if he’d been a
"Can't a guy like warm cream at night?" Tony grumbled as Bruce felt Natasha's tail brush against his, tangling in with the knot that he and Clint had already made with Tony's. She brought with her the smell of outdoors and the sweeter scent of fel.
I’m suggesting that kats are dangerous. Too dangerous to keep as pets. We don’t operate under the assumption that we can fully domesticate wild animals. I’m suggesting only that we ask ourselves why we ever assumed we could domesticate gata. [light applause from audience] Your team has proven themselves to be efficient killers, and we call you heroes now, but could anyone stop you if you decided not to be so friendly or so helpful? You Tony, operate a weaponized suit that has been described as a weapon of mass destruction, and ten armed officers were seriously injured in the raid on ViXon by what we’ve recently learned are adolescents.
Tony explained quickly, mentally shaking himself out of his stupor.
"Just play it Jay."
"You were lovers?" He asked, and Tony felt a curious pang somewhere he refused to identify as the region of his heart because love hadn't had anything to do with it, clearly. He'd been a mark, which yeah whatever, he got it, and he gave Clint props for being decent and not taking advantage of the whole 'bang me until I can't think cause I'm dying and this is probably my last heat' thing.
Tony smiled in reply, not quite able to find words to express how he felt. How amazing. How afraid. How hopeful... but the gentle rub of Steve's hand against his back seemed to say he understood.
"This was a bad idea." Clint grumbled, and he didn't look much better off. In fact, Thor was the only one who looked unruffled by traveling through the BiFrost. At some point during the physically taxing journey he'd traded his earth clothing for his Asgardian armor and was standing there looking well... mighty.
Steve gritted his teeth, wanting to call the man out on his bullshit but mindful of the rules Pepper had laid out for them. Ross hadn’t really said anything worth getting upset about and embarrassing the team over.
Focusing on the heat simmering in the center of his body he took a deep breath and thought about pulling it forward channeling it through his body and into his hands, through the chip and – Mother fucker! That hurt.
Whosoever caught the first and successfully brought it back to the waiting couple was given great honor by the Queen and was bestowed splendid gifts by the houses of the losing teams.
’ Tony’s eyes seemed to whisper across the distance, and Steve didn’t want to guess what his face looked like as warmth spread through his chest and slow lazy heat curled in his belly.
He likes to invent things because he’s all about forward motion. Into the future, onto the next discovery. Perhaps he’s hoping to discover the cure for all the heartache (all the bumps and bruises) he has compiled along the way.
The room was thick with fight scent, enough that even Maya's anxiety seemed spiked by it. It was easy to tell that most of it was coming from her teammates, who were not at all happy with Stone's presence there. Tony had never exactly been candid about his past but Clint's report had minced few words and they'd all read Tony's file. Thor didn't release the same kinds of pheromones as a tom so the smell wasn't the same as the others. His had more ozone, not dissimilar to the smell of an approaching rain storm.
They had better success with that, but nothing close to what they hoped.
Was everything in place? He asked himself one more time, going through the endless check-list in his mind. If he died tomorrow, would he leave the others with as much protection as he could give them. Did he buy them enough options? Was there anything he’d overlooked?
He’d never thought it would be possible to see his creation like this, from the inside. A living breathing network of codes that he could almost reach out and touch.
“In plain speak, everything our brains can do on their own, following the bond they’ll also be able to do with a partner or partners. In fact the data says polyamory is encouraged.” Tony explained with a waggle of his eyebrows. “Please let the record show, that while the host brain still retains primary control over the host body, this does open up interesting avenues for manipulation and possible mind control. Also note that a natural process of sharing lower brain functions among partnered brains encourages life-long proximity for those bonded. Missing your partners will now literally make it harder for you to live boys and girls, it’s not just a sad song.”
"E.T." Natasha remarked, gently squeezing the little device and watching it close. And Tony's nervousness melted away, seeing that she understood.
God it was pathetic how something as simple as a little smile could set Tony's heart racing. Steve was more than just a childhood crush turned whatever; he was the apex of every hope and every wish Tony had ever had for himself put to flesh. He wanted, down to a hungry ache in his bones, to feel what he knew Steve must feel every day, to feel good and to believe deep down that he was good.
“Temporary housing for the residents has been set up at the lodge, but this isn’t going to work long term Tony. Besides the space issue and the priceless antiques your mother stored up there, there’s the issue of security.”
Besides. It wasn't even true. A woman like Natasha didn't choose to die for a shitty replacement and his friendship with Bruce meant more than anything else Tony could buy or give him (even control over a monster he feared). Two out of five wasn't perfect, but it was a start and he was damn well gonna take it.
“I don’t think it’s working Papa. She still looks mad.” Tony whispers, only even smart as he is he hasn't quite managed to to figure out how to make his vocal chords go as quiet as he'd like because Mama definitely hears him.
"That a problem?"
Tony let the door shut behind him with a snap and only then did he let himself release a slow shaky breath.
Clint was surprised to see that he was a kat though. He could count the kats on the payroll on one hand and he was pretty sure he knew all of them. Taming drugs doing what they did, most kats didn't have the constitution for SHIELD work.
It was well known that the ones whom the drugs had failed would eventually go rabid, and every now and then you’d read a story about some guy getting chewed up and left for dead by one. Usually right next to an ad for half priced domestication shots at your local clinic.
"You sound relieved."
"You know the difference between a democracy and a monarchy as well as I do. You read the file Steve. I'll admit I was surprised at first when I heard you'd agreed to sign on, but it makes sense." At his incredulous look the curve of her mouth just deepened. "You don't like authority, because yours is the only authority you really trust. A guy with that kind of chip on his shoulder only really has one option when it comes to governing trust: marry the Queen. ”
was. Well, it was nicer than Tony had expected. He’d expected a long cold night alone with his fears and his dread of the morning.
Tony had never met anyone with eyes like that besides T’Challa and his companions. He’d almost wondered if it was a trait that had been bread out of gata outside of Wakanda.
The memory faded, leaving Tony feel drained in its wake, hollowed out. He didn't know whether the aching emptiness in his chest was his alone or a reflection of Steve... he didn't think it mattered. Not after what he'd seen.
[Stark smiles]
"I think we're all together in the fact that we'd rather go into this knowing the worst that could happen."
“Stop me when I'm wrong. You didn’t want to be Queen. You were raised for it but you always wanted different. It made you rebellious . Probably drove your parents nuts insisting on galivanting through the galaxy sowing your wild oats. You had a string of conquests but he was different. He was the real deal, only mommy and daddy didn't approve. Probably threatened to cut you off if you didn't come home and start taking your responsibilities seriously. You left him and the kid behind the same way you found him, on a whim, and you never took a consort in all this time because deep down you know nothing else is going to compare to what you turned your back on."
They were an obvious catch for Marko. Feral kats were rare stateside and as such they were faster and stronger than any of his other hired guns, and he'd already seen from their show of course how skilled they were at hitting a target. The only one who was a better shot than Clint was Barney.
Tony reached hoping that she’d hear despite the distance. He didn’t hear a response but he felt her moving in his mind, a light caress of comfort that seemed to him to say she knew.
"The man deserves a medal," Luke grumbled and Tony clapped a hand on his shoulder, using it for leverage to push himself up off the floor.
So no more midnight raids, which meant they needed tags. Amory had done the research and unsurprisingly Stark Industries had the market cornered on smart non-choke collars for Gata, but ViXon didn’t have JARVIS on the lookout so they were the obvious winner.
Luke shrugged, reminding Tony suddenly of Thor as he said far too casually, "The bond is a connection between minds on every level.  The binding has been known to cause death if started but not completed, and if Tony were to open your mind and find himself repulsed, he could not complete the melding. So you might suffer an aneurism and die."
“You’re a damn fool Tony!” Rhodey hisses, but he follows Tony out the back gate anyway.
Given her clearly mixed heritage it was harder for Tony to suss out her parentage with only a single vision to go on, but it was the name that gave the game away. Tony couldn't get past the fact that besides himself he couldn't think of a single person other than Bruce with a big enough nerd streak and a love for Star Trek to name their daughter after the brilliant and just generally awesome Lieutenant Uhura.
“MiKall, daughter of Frigga.”
Tony has noticed that many of the city's immigrants etch out their lives here. Some find work on the farms further inland but many of them try to find work at the factories or on one of the ships, but if they're very lucky they'll find work at the shipyard which pays the best.
"Who's your friend?" Tony asked breathlessly grabbing a gun lying near the hand of a fallen guard.
“You got it, Cap. Also, any time you want to use that voice in bed, I consent. My safe word is -”
Between Thing One and Thing Two exploding, Steve had been caught with less cover, and had some intense burns to show for it. The serum meant he was healing faster than the average human and truthfully faster than Clint was, but even Steve’s body had to take some time.
"All I know is the more we know about these things the better." Steve said, crossing his arms over his chest, his gaze fixing on Tony in that 'I'm worried about you so I'm going to start acting like the worlds most overprotective dad' kind of way, that even now that he understood it better still crawled up Tony's back the wrong way. "I still don't think it's smart to put something in your body you know next to nothing about. You have no idea what it could do to you."
“She said that we need to trust our bonds, that if they are strong a Queen need not magic or medicine.”
Once Thor had lived for the revelry of warfare, for the presumed glory of foes vanquished. He knew better now, and had lost much in the learning. Yes, much indeed, but, he had his Jane and the Midgardians who had sheltered him in a time of great weakness for companionship and comfort. For that was the true point of it all, what even his father Odin in all his wisdom sometimes forgot in the passing of ages.
But the comparison certainly made him view his young friend in a new light. He'd never thought anything of Tony's obsession with the colors before, but then again he was not Kǫtrdýr and the Benu was not a sacred symbol to him.
"Tony's Queen. If this is going to be real he needs to build his pride his way." Natasha murmured lowly in reply. "He doesn't need our permission."
God, people had no idea how simple it all was.
Well in for a penny in for a pound, Tony thought darkly to himself as he raised the bowl to his mouth. He just prayed he didn't go back to his childhood. Anything but back there.
"Excuse me?" Steve gaped incredulously, like he couldn't believe the audacity of what he was hearing. Truthfully neither could Tony but for vastly less annoying reasons. "We've come a very long way and she won't even speak to us?"
“Uh… do you have Thai?” he asked hopefully, thinking of the restaurant he and Aunt May liked.
The soldier’s ears twitch in interest as he examines her words.
"Tonight." Steve clarified, stiffening his jaw and stepping toward him like he was taking command of a rowdy unit of troops. "I'd like to take you on a date tonight, is what I'm saying."
"I'll still share your heat with you... unless you don't want me to." Clint said after a moment, and Tony heard him sliding off the couch arm. Though he didn't look up from the tablet the small hesitation in Clint's voice made him go still.
It had begun to snow. She'd checked the weather in preparation for the mission and heard the predictions for an unusually heavy snowfall and had come prepared. She wasn't worried about it too much, she'd brought her warmest suit and she was Russian. Ice was practically in her veins.
"But you don't think so?"
Silence fell over the table as if someone had called for it, all the low conversations dying out as everyone turned and looked at Nyota. As if she would know or could do something to make it real for them all. She knew that they wouldn’t actually blame her if it turned out that her crazy plan had failed and they’d been spit into some other universe entirely, but she couldn’t help but feel a twist of guilt. She’d been the one to put the hope into their heads.
“Mr. Stark, what’s a clatter?”
Tony remembers it differently.
That as it turned out, was the reason behind Natasha’s coldness to the tom. She’d figured him out almost immediately, and Tony wanted to be angry for that, for allowing the ruse to continue but as she’d pointed out, Fury had all but told them Wakanda would be sending someone to evaluate their Pride.
“The needle isn’t going to bother him is it?” Dr. Salek turned toward Coulson who was there on behalf of SHIELD as well as Bruce’s official handler. The doctor held the needle delicately between two fingers and looked about as ready to poke Bruce with it as she was ready to attempt to dismantle a bomb. Tony rolled his eyes even as Helen quietly reached and took the needle from the nervous woman’s hands and grabbed Bruce’s arm, pushing back his shirt sleeve to search for a vein.
"Not this time. Kinda thankful for that." The wry twist of his lips didn't quite make it to his eyes. "Though I can't say I enjoyed what took its place. Not sure where my mind dug it up from."
"Because lets be honest, the choices of where to go from here aren't that great right?" Tony went on, his eyes meeting children and adults alike as they swept over the crowd. They paused on a little girl in the front, the quiet one with white blond hair who Steve kept hearing him call Tink, and the kit lit up from head to toe like someone had lit a candle inside her.
"Well you shouldn't have to. We're a team Tony, you don't have to go it alone." Tony's eyes flew to Steve as their team leader managed to make even something that should have been comforting sound like a personal rebuke.
Steve’s wry smile was a lot fond. A touch sad.
“And here I had my paperwork all filled out.” He grinned momentarily allowing himself to enjoy her comradery and letting the worry building in his chest to unwind. He’d never thought one day he’d be running missions with a Russian spy at his back, but he was really growing to like their partnership. She was surprisingly grounding.
“You remind me of a child, playing in his father’s armor.”
“Sorry Platypus, you’re right. I just got a little overheated. It’s only a million degrees in here. Jesus can we get someone to turn on the air?” Tony grouched, fanning himself and grimacing when the motion made the scents already assaulting his nose seem all the sharper. Too many damn bodies pressed together in a single room. Too many toms too close. It made him feel skittish (and he hated feeling skittish).
Not because he didn't want to know but because Steve needed to tell him.
Natasha was exhausted but she couldn’t close her eyes not until she knew he was safe.
Mama and Hughard travel back and forth between the Stark Yards in Pola and Germany but Tony stays behind at the summer villa whenever he can. Jarvis and Ana run the summer villa, and that above all makes it Tony’s favorite of their houses.
Nobody laughed but then again Tony hadn’t expected them to. The possibility of death was just a little too close at hand for all of them; but Tony had always found it easier to deal with it in this sort of way and the point had been to pull everybody off the subject of the mess in Steve’s head. He seemed to know it too because he shot Tony a grateful look.
"Forget it." He shrugged, downing the rest of his drink. "Water under the bridge. As you said, it's not like either of us had many choices."
“You wanna tell me what that was about?” Steve bent to murmur in his ear, mindful of the curious gazes that were following them. He smiled when his lips grazed its fuzzy tip and Tony shivered.
T’Challa strode toward him, gate smooth and confident, gaze landing immediately on Tony’s feet smudging the glass table top and frowned.
It was funny in hindsight maybe, that just as he should have that thought the night should take a turn for the worst.
They’re running a company but there is setback after setback. There is always something or someone in their way. Even their own Handler! Especially their Handler.
Catman had touched them down in the middle of the throng of SHIELD agents in the midst of arresting A.I.M agents and helping with the clean up effort currently being conducted by local police and the Red Cross.
“Luke is interning with SHIELD’s medical team. He’s been carefully vetted.”
“Sure hands to you Queen Anthony. Until we meet again.”
Steve pulled him into a tight hug, chest rumbling with chuckles against Tony's as he murmured, "Thank you, Tony."
"Guys, we need to stop or were going to lose each other."
~*~*~*~*~
“No.”
Tony's face paled in horror and he jerked away from the memory.  Bruce winced, gripping Tony's hand tightly as if his withdrawal had pained him, but he refused to let go of Tony’s hand looking him squarely in the eyes he insisted, "It wasn't your fault."
The unknown female kat dropped through the hole in the floor above and landed in a crouch. Your basic three-point landing. One knee up, fist braced against the floor, one leg extended, tail arched high. For the nano second where the room was just still and everyone’s eyes were settling on the figure that had literally just dropped into their midst in a shower of noise and dust, the loudest thought in Tony’s mind was: not only did these bastards have the gall to steal his technology, this girl had the balls to mimic him to his face and look badass while doing it.
“It’s my understanding that friendship requires trust.” Back straight, ears erect and not a stitch of submission in sight, Tony’s smile was pleasant as peach pie for the cameras but his eyes told another story. “Hopefully that’s something we can build between our countries.”
“It’s odd that they’ve stolen your designs and they have your taste in movies.” Natasha explained slowly, completely ignoring the tangent.
She looked over at Amory, who was still watching and waiting for her permission, and flashed him a grin.
Uncle Steve had been against it, which meant Uncle Bucky had also been against it. She knew in the back of her mind that she wasn’t being completely fair to her uncles, that you could love someone and still find yourself standing on opposite sides of a no win scenario; but considering what those lines had cost her and her Pride, Nyota didn’t care to be fair anymore.
"Tony, do you need back up?" He heard Rhodey's tense question but his eyes were glued on the line of trucks ahead. Tony’s gut clenched as Pepper glanced nervously outside the window, and in the seat across from them Bruce’s eyes met his.
"Natasha can you cover Tony?" Somewhere on the ground Steve was barking into the com as Tony nodded, thoughts racing as sweat trickled down his brow and into his eyes.
Jarvis didn’t answer, but then again the elevator chimed ever so softly signaling that they’d reached their destination and swished soundlessly open, giving Tony all the answer he needed.
“A lot of innocent people die.” Jaime answered in a far calmer tone, his hand coming to rest over hers again. “Including Uncle Tony, which means the end of the Pride.”
“So then we need a middle ground. You’re aware of the Gata rehabilitation project I’ve got going on. We’re building a facility on a private island. It will be well protected. What if the research was done there?”
And Steve let his arm drop, falling silent, though Tony knew he found it frustrating. Steve wasn’t a sideline type of guy and Tony appreciated that about him, but he needed to handle this his way. When he was sure that Steve wouldn’t try to interfere again he turned back to Natasha.
Tony made a face.
“I started with your physical age Cap, and deducted about fifteen years because it was cool, but mom says volunteering for that experiment was pretty stupid and she’ll kill me if I ever do anything like that. So that made you about five.”
He answers proudly and her eyes widen in shock and then disbelief.
~*~*~
“You’ve done all that you can Tony.” T’Challa’s low, rich, voice intruded through the haze of thoughts in Tony’s head. “You need to rest now.”
The U.S. Government seems ready to back emergency legislation that would end Gata freedoms for good. Tony and the team regroup in order to try and handle the crisis with three goals 1. Figure out who is behind Project Oversight and how to undermine the Bill before it gets signed into law. 2. Solve the mystery of the rebel kits and figure out who they're working for. 3. Find Bucky Barnes before anyone else does.
They've been around for centuries but they're less than five percent of the population still. Most people don't call them by the politically approved name (Gata) and go straight to pop culture. On the whole Kats are popular possessions for most domestic households though to properly care for them it does take a bit of dough, so primarily they are possessed by the upper middle class and the elite.
Whether you look masculine in human eyes or traditionally feminine makes no difference. If you're a fel you'll get your heat every three months, and if you get down with a viable sperm bank (aka a tom) you can expect kits in your future.
"What?" Tony turned to gape at the man in alarm, only for him to take so suddenly to the air that his wind blew back the hair on top of Tony's head. Damn it! One of these days he was going to pin that guy down by his tail and get some answers out of him!
"I might be feral but I still come from a long line of genetically fucked up kats who can't properly bond. I can feel you guys in my head sure, but there's a barrier. I mean we all feel it right? I might not be cable of taking it down. Can we just stop pretending like that isn't real? Because it is and it's likely."
“You need to come home,” Bucky had urged before Steve could even say hello. “Ma’s not doing well.”
(Hasn’t it always been?)
A low growl rumbled in her throat and a few seats down the table Amory turned to her with a frown, shushing her with a silent finger.
There were so many things happening at once inside of Peter he couldn’t have formed words even if he wanted to. There were his natural nerves and the overwhelming surge of awkwardness and elation that came with having his hero right
Steve's smile got soft, and if Tony wasn't mistaken, almost fond.
He didn’t like feeling like he was a slave to his biology, and he liked it even less that he couldn’t untangle whether he was so upset with Tony’s behavior after that interview because Tony was being unreasonable, or because the tom part of his brain did not like to realize that his mate still struggled to trust him outside of the battlefield.  Well and the bedroom. They did not have many problems there either.
Maybe the whole thing was a bad idea. Steve hadn’t felt this inadequate about anything since he was a ninety-pound asthmatic and it wasn’t a feeling he enjoyed.
Natasha needed to decide once and for all if she would do that. If she was even capable.
“I was. I am.”
“Now now Sourpatch, he is our guest.” Tony patted Rhodey affectionately on the chest, making his medals clink. He really was just an overprotective teddy bear. Little did those poor frightened recruits he terrified know. “Besides, I see Pepper desperately trying to get your attention.”
He blinks away the sudden vision of red hair and penetrating green eyes.
Tony gave up on the idea of wresting the firearm away from Bucky in favor of making it inoperable, crushing the long length of the barrel between his fingers until the metal bent with a groan. Tony released his hold, expecting Barnes to drop the now useless weapon, only for him to drive the butt of the gun violently into Natasha’s stomach. And before Tony could even blink, Barnes had thrown himself forward, breaking free of her hold to slam his bionic fist against the side of Tony’s helmet with enough force to stagger him and leave his ears ringing like church on Sunday morning. Fuck but that hurt.
“He on the air strip? Something wrong with the jet?”
He’d said, kissing Tony’s mother on the cheek and talking past him as if Tony couldn’t possibly understand what was being said. But he had. And he’d understood it just as well when Howard had looked right at him and said,
Because while Tony didn’t know much about Steve’s personal life he knew that the subject of James Barnes was usually a closed one, and that if Steve was willingly talking about the past it could only be important to listen, however inane the subject matter might appear on the surface.
"You might be right doc." Steve allowed after a long moment with a self-depreciating smile.
Bruce agreed, and Tony shrugged. He was good for it. Sonia was staring at him, clearly perplexed but trying hard not to show it.
Clint snickered loudly at Pepper’s unimpressed look. Tony just smiled.
Clint had never hoped to have anything like a last name or someone to miss him. That was gold to him back then.
The com line crackles, not with interference (Tony’s tech is too good for that) but with the telltale whine of repulsors loading, and Clint’s gut tightened again.
Harley looked up, blue eyes searching Tony’s.
"It's a big deal when you want to let someone collar you. What happened to that fel you were seeing?"
His teeth ache and he tastes blood in his mouth. It’s his, he’s bitten his tongue, but he wants it to be Brian’s. He desperately wills himself to lunge forward, to bite, but it’s all just wishful thinking. His limbs are weak with terror. He’s weak.
“You’ve not sent me. I presume there’s a reason for that.” Natasha pointed out and Fury nodded.
“Look at you. Didn’t I tell you you’d be perfect?”
Not his body screaming at him, but Captain America holding him up. Talking about him like he was special and something worthy of being proud of. Being carried off to go on grand adventures like he was James fucking Barnes, the luckiest fel that ever existed because he had hands down the world’s best Master in the world.
T’Challa’s face remained impassive but the dash of something peppery in his nose told Tony the tom was irritated. He grinned.
For some reason this made Thor's mouth split open into a broad grin.
Tony collected people until they were his. He saw them as his children. His most precious possessions. Steve fundamentally didn’t believe in people owning other people and yet it was nice seeing Tony so happy with the tower filling with kats for his internship, and the way the shelter kats came alive whenever he was around. It looked right and it felt right, and it
“That is of course if the Captain wouldn’t mind.”
Steve couldn’t have both. That was the long and short of it.
Tony blinked as Bastet's voice, low and smooth interrupted his thoughts.
“No. Usually I just don’t try. I don’t need much of it.” Tony answered with a shrug, plopping himself down on the couch and swinging his feet up onto the glass top of the coffee table. “What are you doing in my kitchen anyway?”
“Whoa, easy! It’s not going to explode if you touch it.” Tony assured her with a frown of concern when she didn’t make any attempt to close the distance she’d put between them. “It’s never done that before, granted, but I wouldn’t have it out of the lab if I weren’t sure it was safe.”
"Oh aren't you a funny little thing." The woman giggled in a distinctly patronizing fashion that Tony was very familiar with (and quickly annoyed by). "Of course your presence here will rile my mother-in-law, but all the better for that. You've made it just in time for the hunt!"
Point of fact, Steve likes to take care of people. Tony knew that before, but it’s the difference between knowing and
“How many? Well, get me a tally. Find out who they are and what they want. We’ll need to blockade the area, nobody in or out without my say so. Including the press.” Phil said, tossing the pants that Clint had abandoned at the foot of the bed over his head and Clint smirked (Phil was tidy and sometimes his hints weren’t subtle) hurrying to get dressed even as he heard Phil warn Hill over the phone, “Watch out for Christine, she’s slippery.”
And that was a problem because Steve was the one who still suffered from the most isolation, whose brain map looked like a portrait of depression and post-trauma.
Catman lowered his arms, releasing a low breath of air that sounded suspiciously like a suppressed chuckle.
It had never been clearer to him how much he wanted this.  Not specifically Steve barefoot and cooking in his kitchen (he wasn’t a Neanderthal) but everything the moment represented. His cold empty penthouse filled with their scent and the smell of rich tomato sauce. Steve’s shit scattered around and mingling with his, his shoes lost somewhere.
“But T’Harun will be king one day. Not me,” he reminded father, though he did not know how it was possible to forget. T’Harun never let any of the other children forget.
A picture post for the Gata Verse!
“I’m serious Cap, he’s going to have to touch me, cut me, maybe even get inside my head. It’ll bond us in a way I might not be able to reverse. I think I could work my way toward being cool with that, but are you going to go all protective tom and freak out in the middle of things?”
And just like that the pieces began to snap together in his mind. That night before Christmas, before he and Steve had really decided to give things a go, Natasha had dreamed about one of Ivan’s kills. A General and his family. Tony hadn’t put it together with what was happening in Sokovia because he’d assumed like Natasha had that anything to do with Ivan had happened long ago in the past.
"Oh I could be very good for you,” Tony purred in response, because he wasn't a novice over here and two could play at that game. And then with a dismissive click of his tongue he went on. “But, here's another freebie, I’m not all that patient. Waiting around has never really been my style. So I’m going to dig up all your secrets and figure out how to beat your tech by Tuesday.”
own, Sensei?”
“You could have killed him.” Steve insisted, stubborn and fierce but eyes still as lost as any child’s and Tony wanted to throw something (preferably at him).
Nakia shrugged.
“When I was little he’d have these episodes.” She went on, a slight distance in her eyes even though her tone stayed slow and measured. “My cousins and I would get scared, but the adults would help calm him, and when it was safe my cousins and I would all sleep curled up in the big bed with him. He said just having us there was healing. When I got old enough to start studying the way our brains work, I realized he wasn’t just making us feel useful, and I knew then, I wanted to understand how to help other Gata the way my family helped him.”
Walking here feels like taking a deep breath and letting it out slow.
Princess shrugged under his incredulous look, a little smile tugging at her mouth and brightening her sad eyes.
“But I don’t get it.” Tony muttered warily, craning his neck to look up at Steve with a raised eyebrow. “What about us frolicking on a beach with our child rocked your faith?”
“But I think in reality you would not do it the same way.” The tom finished quietly.
Sure, they weren't machines but even the most mysterious and erratic piece of themselves, their oh so sacred emotional center, could be boiled down to a series of functions (of inputs and outputs and coded responses).
"Make sure our walls are up. Safety first kiddo."
“I am not much of a cook but the dish is old and very popular among Gata in my country.” Luke was explaining as Tony took his first bite, eyes closing in bliss as the rich and warm spices flooded his mouth without compromising the light, almost nutty, taste of the fish.
"What's your name son?" Hughard barks, all seriousness, at Rhodey.
Natasha did hesitate (she looked at the bright red apple held in the cradle of his hands and she knew what it promised). She hesitated, but only for a moment.
“A clatter is like a big noise.” He explained, “It’s a super stuck up way of saying something heavy hit the roof, only don’t say it like that unless you want people to think you’re either a tool bag or a geriatric citizen.”
FRIDAY
He’d told them they’d be safe.
Tony’s heart ached at the admission, stepping closer into Steve’s space and wrapping his arms around his waist.
Steve shuddered and bit his lip, turning his head away only to feel Tony’s fingers against his jaw nudging it back. His gaze was soft but firm as he looked back at Steve and said, “I wanted you, Rogers and like a perfect idiot I had you. I wanted
“This would be the doctor who is actually a Prince whose credentials were probably made up by some SHIELD intern?” Tony asked incredulously, not because he didn’t think T’Challa was off base but because Steve was the last person he’d expected to side with him. He and T’Challa were barely civil to one another and the reason why wasn’t the sort of thing toms usually found it easy to be reasonable about.
A hearty cheer went up from the guests gathered below, because apparently watching someone get knocked on their ass was just considered good entertainment.
The she-tom abandoned her post near the doors where she’d been holding silent vigil and slinked her way towards them, her steps powerful and fluid as she moved. She was dressed down, her hair braided down the center of her skull, her powerful body camouflaged in jeans and a leather jacket that did little to distinguish her from any other New-Yorker, but there was no disguising her from what she was. It was just there, in the way she held herself, in the bright gleam of her sharp teeth and the ripple of muscles working under the smooth dark skin of her throat as she spoke.
"So, you and Stark are the real deal?" Sam asked after Rhodes had disappeared into the crowd and the silence had stretched between them for a moment too long. Steve tensed at the note of disbelief in his tone.
Devotion, even unto death. Ivan sees it in her eyes every time she and Pietro look at each other. It’s useful for the empire. That’s what the twins say he told Strucker and the others when he brought them in. Ivan wouldn’t know. His memories don’t open up that far.
"My mess? Lets talk about how those bastards knew I'm going into heat!" he damned, nails digging into the table.
There are times when the soldier wakes up completely blank, little more than a set of directives. Those times he is quickly prepped for a mission, which he completes and then he goes back to sleep, no time for anything so pointless as dwelling on scents that called to him or something like a favorite fruit.
Ivan did not let up, even as his mind turned over the
And no, before you think it. Usually a kat's "parent" is in no way blood related to them. See when young kits are put up for adoption their owners like to feel good about themselves and the whole messed up institution, so they become proud "parents" rather than slave masters. But that's just Tony's opinion. Don't let him influence you.
“I can believe that.” Tony acknowledged with a wry grin. He’d never thought he’d meet anyone who was a match for Natasha but Nakia and Onsa had given her a real run for her money. True she had a healing injury slowing her down, but formidable was formidable.
Tony was still gasping in shock as Natasha grasped the metal chain of one of the restraints sharply ordered for him to keep still and slashed through the chain like she was cutting string, the vibranium (Tony would know that particular song anywhere) singing as it cut through the steel.
“Nah-uh Brucie, you said medical professional. Your exact words. Jarvis?!”
Which Tony understood right away was everything he wasn’t, and by the time that he was old enough to figure out that the bitterness eating up Howard Stark's world was more about his own failings than Tony’s, the damage had already been done.
"There we go, ten after seven. Too late to get a reservation anywhere." Tony pointed out and Steve just smiled.
The abandoned warehouse was a part of an old logging facility built in the middle of a rural farming town on a private reserve, and it turned out to be not so abandoned as it looked. She’d watched the facility now for a full day, marking the rotations of people who went in and out. Though the wood was largely quiet and undisturbed, she'd observed three different people coming and going throughout the day. It was impossible to determine who else might be inside without more time or getting inside herself.
“I see mother!” he whispers excitedly, pointing, and her ears twitch toward them. The scowl her mouth slips into when she finally sees them makes him shrink back against his father’s chest.
Okay so she wasn’t exactly a midget, but she was definitely under five feet tall because she didn’t quite reach Tony’s chin and he’d never been the tallest of individuals to begin with.
He heard the words leave his mouth, but it was as if from a distance. He didn't know what on earth had possed him to say them, to reject something he so desperately wanted, only that his pulse leapt momentarily and the bitter taste of fear filled his mouth until Steve answered by pulling him flush against his chest. His mouth came down to cover his and put delicious pressure against his whiskers and Tony moaned, leaning into the kiss for everything he was worth, savoring the sweetness and the soft feel of Steve's lips against his.
~*~*~
Never. A stab of fury goes through them, that other being inside pushing to the forefront of their mind.  Never.
“On Asgard, when I drank the broth I felt something waking up in my head. I told myself everyone must be feeling the same way. My visions that night were vivid. They felt more like memories than dreams. I saw the day they killed him and froze his body in ice. Not through my eyes but his. They skipped around. Time wasn’t linear, but I was still looking through his eyes when they woke him up and even though logic said it had to have been some time before he was killed… his agony was unmistakably keen. The strength of his grief made me wonder.
"Voluntarily?" he asked, voice lowering on the edge of a growl. This time when his eyes snapped to Rhodes Wilson stayed silent. It didn’t surprise Steve that the Army hadn’t completely given up the idea of fashioning soldiers out of Gata. He wouldn’t put it past Fury to have redacted the information if they had either.
If that wasn’t baffling enough, there was also their suits. They were simple in design but even on corrupted video feed Tony could tell that they weren’t made of anything cheap or easily procured. For one thing, they seemed adapt at deflecting bullets and they were powered by an energy source that gave off enough power for at least one of them to take flight, in a style not dissimilar to Tony’s own repulsor technology.
He could practically hear Rhodey's internal prayers for patience.
"Because I want to know?" Tony tries, just to see what will happen.
And that changed the game completely because it meant having to keep an eye out for whatever lucky fel was the potential mother of Bruce's children, and not letting him escape destiny by being all shy and 'I could never' about it.
“Yeah well, your man hands saved my ass the other day so don’t trade them.” Jaime plopped into the seat opposite her with a pained grunt and Nyota bit back a satisfied smile. Taking Captain America’s shield to the ribs was never a fun experience, and Jaime had saved her ass enough times that she could give him a pass for getting caught off guard this once.
“Your mother and Father won’t be pleased with Mr. Vonkov’s conduct, Tony. You can be sure of that.” Jarvis says and Tony, who is munching on one of Ana's apple tarts, shakes his head woefully as he mumbles.
“You can’t do that again. Tony that was – ” Steve sobbed against his chest and Tony wrapped his arms around him, wincing at how weak his limbs felt, but nothing in that moment could have stopped him from comforting Steve in that moment.
"She doesn't know just how closely tied her people's evolution is to the Benu and their regular consumption, just that they're dangerous. How can she? So she goes on a suicide mission because there's a chance that she could finally be at home somewhere, like she's never been before. She drives them out and doesn't even realize that she's weakened the evolutionary track of her entire line."
“Why didn’t you tell me you’d applied for an internship at Stark Industries?” Peter’s aunt May had asked the night before, after getting off the phone with Tony Stark.
"That?" Tony scoffed, though he felt a curious heat prickling in his cheeks. "That was nothing."
“Great why don’t you have a seat Peter. Make yourself comfortable. And call me Tony.” Tony suggested nodding to the seat Peter had abandoned. “Did you bring your work sample?”
Steve blinked, startled, glancing down to find Natasha at his elbow and had to quickly avert his eyes again because they’d landed on the wealth of creamy skin she had on display in that low-cut dress. Those equally low hanging sparkly shoulder straps looked pretty, but seemed to him designed to do little more than decorate her arms and bring the eye to the swell of her breasts… which artistly speaking were presented to their best advantage. He could appreciate that. Nothing wrong with it. But it was rude to stare and like some horny kid who’d never seen a dame before his eyes had just sort of gone there.
That said, there will be plenty of romances to go around, but Tony's eventual mate is going to end up being whichever individual (or combination of individuals) serves the family the best, because families are good and these poor guys are overdue for some good. (Looking at you Marvel).
Steve tensed as someone in the room growled low, and the sound picked up, the discontent spreading like a wildfire.
"I never said I'd never danced. She asked me how many dames I'd danced with a dame. Answers still zero." There was a sad edge creeping into his smile and Tony was sorry to have mentioned it.
“I wasn’t prepared to be a mother. One minute you’re having a forbidden romance and you think you can take on the world, the next you’re staring at a pair of pink lines as your whole world comes crashing in. Daddy’s family always kept kats, horses too back in the day. That’s how they made their money. In the hey-day they were some real prize winners. We were the talk of the county.” Jena’s eyes danced with a hint of self-depreciating humor but Tony found it hard to join in on the joke, having been on the other side of that curtain.
it. Mr. Stark would be impressed with how strong he was now, Peter was sure of it. And he could tap dance. He was the only boy in school he knew who could. But maybe Tony would be more impressed with how great he was at flips? He cold flip off the walls now! Maybe Tony would smile at him and tell him he wasn’t bad, just because he wasn’t tame. Did Peter smell like that? Peter didn’t think anybody could be bad who smelled like that.
“This is one of my favorite songs,” he admitted with a wistful smile. “My mother used to sing it all the time.”
~*~*~
Bruce suspected that he might be suffering bond loss, which would explain why the bridges weren't building as quickly in Steve's brain as they were in some of the others. It would also explain some of the surplus bridges, the 'dark' areas that undoubtedly only worsened his struggling psyche. His brain was constantly trying to send messages over a broken system.
But Tony willed the thought away and focused on what was important. He wasn't going to think about his poor mother now. He couldn't afford to get sloppy around the Stones. Natasha was right (as usual) if they saw an opening they wouldn't hesitate to take it.
Luke's eyes widened marginally, probably taken off guard by Tony's level of enthusiasm but he should really get with the program because Tony was an inventor. Of course he'd studied ancient Egypt and of course he'd never bought the line about kats not contributing much to it beyond brawn.
And there it was. Tony didn’t have all the pieces to the puzzle but his brain worked quicker than most and he could do well for himself with just a few pieces. T’Challa was the prince. Not the crown prince, so he wasn’t going to marry the next Queen, but that didn’t mean he was free to marry just anyone off the block.
He knows that boy. He longs for him. He knows the room and the bed, it's all familiar, he
Steve released his mouth with a groan and buried his nose against the side of Tony’s neck, inhaling deeply while one hand dragged down over Tony’s slick belly. Tony can’t blame him. Right now Steve smelled great to him. His scent gone all woody and smokey with aggression. This is jealousy he realizes. Jealousy and possessiveness burning hot amidst all their unfinished arguments. Steve’s still angry with him and having that anger channeled at him this way is both worrisome and tantalizing. Steve won’t hurt him. He knows that. Trusts that. But they can find release this way. It’s better than screaming at each other.
“Good.” Steve nodded, like it had been his idea or something and pinned that intense ‘Captain America is depending on you’ expression of his on Tony that always made him feel like he was five again and in danger of disappointing his father. “Any luck locating where they might be working?”
“Well I don’t exactly look like a lady right now either Jo,” she grumbled, her ears twitching toward the sound of the doors sliding open behind her. She twisted in the pilot’s chair to watch as Jamie appeared on the flight deck, his brown hair still mussed from sleep but his blue eyes keen as they landed on her. Jaime was an even bigger mother hen than JOCASTA and he thought just because he was the oldest at twenty that it was his job to take care of everybody. Especially her. Jamie had been trying to boss her around since the day she was born.
“You’re out numbered, Stark.” Aldrich grinned triumphantly.
She asked dryly, and Tony laughed.
Standing a few feet to his left, Roger's made a derisive sound and shook his head muttering lowly, "everything's a joke."
“I think that’s what the liberals forget. I can confidently say that nobody here doubts just how valuable Gata are. We may disagree on methodology but we all want the same thing. Strong, happy healthy Gata.”
There was a third option here, one that T’Challa had not mentioned though it was obvious to Tony with everything he now knew about Pride structure. Queens could peacefully coexist. They didn’t have to wage war on each other. Especially if Steve and Natasha would only end up as the battle ground. Bucky could become pride too. He could become part of the family. Neither one of them had to relinquish anything. But for that to work their had to be trust between them. Tony had to be able to trust that Bucky was as much his as the others were, and that he’d never try and take the Pride away from him.
“I’ll be gentle,” Tony promised as he opened the door with a flourish. “Bye bye Pep in my step.”
“We can use this to carry the stuff. It was my grandpa’s so nobody will even know it’s gone.”
“Most of the young queens will be paired off eventually, except of course for the Queen’s heir. When a new Queen is coronated, before an heir is born, the Queen has a second, whom we call
Tony almost floated into his room that night. Dropped off at the elevator doors to the penthouse like a teenager on prom night because Steve Rogers was a perfect idiot and ignored all of Tony's blatant invitations to come upstairs and skip the coffee.
“These are mighty volstag. Very fierce and noble creatures Tony. How your Midgardian historians confused them for goats I do not know.” Thor shook his head sadly, inwardly amused at the perplexed way that Tony continued to stare around the hall at the walls decked in evergreen, tinsel, and a delightful assortment of ornaments that included Thor’s, and the handmade ones Harley had spent the afternoon constructing out of old popsicle sticks and pipe cleaning devices.
It wouldn’t take Amory long to run his tests and determine just where and when in the multiverse JOCASTA had dumped them. They would need some sort of plan in place before they were ready to make a trip down to the surface, but there would be time enough to think about making contact in the morning.
“Did you just shoot me with a potato gun?”
Steve’s stomach churned, his fist tightening around his fork as down the table General Ross drew everyone’s attention toward the head, loudly proclaiming that he couldn’t have said it better himself.
"I wouldn't say that. Are you?" She murmured in reply, sipping daintily at her glass of white wine and the teasing grin slipped off of his face.
“He’ll overthink it you know. He’ll find a way to twist it around in his head so that he’s failed you, and it can only mean that the Pride is going to fail with him at the helm. Bruce will stop trying to learn Korean and will never get up the courage to ask the Cho’s if he can see her. The future is whatever it will be but if we rob them of hope now, I don’t think we’ll be changing it for the better.”
Fury turned back to them and explained dryly. “Congratulations. After reviewing the report from your assessment, Wakanda is sending an ambassador to begin official negotiations. Their one condition is they want to deal directly with the Avengers Pride.”
He could feel Natasha smirking at him and almost wished he had a tail to swat her with.
He hoped they would.
Time to get up, he ordered himself as he pulled his body out of bed. He wasn't going to get back to sleep and there wasn't much sense in laying in the dark feeling sorry for himself. He was lucky to have survived and wallowing in self-pity was a sorry way to repay the ones who hadn’t.
“Never.” Tony answered glibly, squeezing his hand and T’Challa chuckled once more.
“Where’s Natalia?!” The soldier screams, raw and angry. He has warped now, civilian clothes gone and replaced by a one-armed combat suit that does nothing to hide the fact that one of his arms is made entirely of metal. Tony doesn’t think he realizes he’s not that man from the forest so long ago in Natasha’s memory. At least not anymore.
Pepper stroked his arm but her eyes didn't leave fury as she stared him down, her words clipped and equally forceful, "You didn't take it because you couldn't. I expect to be informed if Mr. Stone or anyone else approaches you about Tony. If Stone so much as looks at Tony I expect to know, or our legal team will show you just how tight that contract actually is. "
Steve was sitting in the armchair nearest the Christmas tree, what looked like a sketchpad open on his lap, a thin pencil slowly scratching across the paper as he stared down at his work with the look of someone lost in their minds eye.
"There's one last gift that Pepper and I want to share with all of you." Tony announced to the room and Steve perked up. He was curious about what the big surprise was, because Tony and Pepper had been talking about it for weeks and having private meetings and all he or any of the team really knew about it was that it had something to do with the shelter. Something that Steve had gleaned also involved an island.
“It doesn’t look like we have much choice. It’ll be okay T’Cael. We’ll be operating in the background, just like we do here. “She attempted to sooth her younger brother. “Riri and I need to be here, working with JOCASTA on planting the package. Jaime, you’re the only one strong enough to duke it out with Steve and Bucky if things go south, so you should go to Washington with Amory, Billy an –”
There are stolen books and tools to fuel the fires of their minds and appease their unquenched thirsts for knowledge.
Tony expected to have to explain the reference, but it was his turn to be surprised because the tom seemed to get it immediately, one dark eyebrow arching high as he asked with an edge of wariness, "You  would do to this man as Bastet did to the lords of Nhemia? What has he done?"
He was trying to soften the blow, Steve knew that, but it was hard for his smile not to resemble a grimace just the same.
They have a busy day tomorrow.
“Clint!” Tony cried, as the tom went flying backwards, pushed by the blast straight into the wall behind him.  “Cap, Clint’s been hit!”
His is just getting started.
So as the stairs were rolled out and everybody waited with baited breath for the doors to open to catch their first sight of Prince T’Challa, Tony was mentally gearing himself up for the fight ahead. It took him by surprise when Ross (Everett K. not dear old Thaddeus) chuckled under his breath and rocked on his heels for a moment as if he couldn’t quite contain his glee.
“There you go. A new future lies before us.” Nyota waved her wrench expansively with a smirk. “We just need to make sure the track we’re on leads to a future where we’re born and our parents are better prepared for the incursions.”
Tony winced.
Something soft and firm curled around his tail, and a barely audible purr rumbled through the chest his ear was resting against. Tony didn’t open his eyes, but he smiled.
On the screen Amee was sniffling into a napkin, having just been scolded by her guardian for not keeping her doctor prescribed diet and possibly endangering the kits she was carrying.
“It has its merits. We might never get another chance to see what these guys are capable of.” Steve pointed out and Bruce grinned knowingly but nodded.
There was nothing slow or gentle about it now. He bit at Tony’s lips like they need chastisement and his tongue invaded Tony’s mouth in a demand for surrender that made Tony’s knees feel week. This was different from everything else they’ve done before. Steve’s hands were everywhere, dragging over Tony’s skin like Steve had to touch all of him to be sure nothing had changed, like he was trying to leave not even an inch of him unmarked in some way. His touch against Tony’s sensitive skin was almost too rough.  He was going to leave bruises Tony realizes but honestly that kind of made him want it more.
“I enjoy you Captain Rogers.” The prince murmured, snapping his focus back to Steve and weirdly, Steve believed him, even though the sharpness in the toms smile let him know he was going to enjoy kicking Steve’s ass far more.
He jumped when a disembodied voice confirmed the order and Mr. Stark, that is
“And you spent time tracking it down just based off the tune? Wow, you’re a complete dork.”
Shield Medical uniform Zero. Hugo Bass One, Tony thought as he raised his drink to his lips.
"You gonna ask me to sign em?"
“Yes, yes, shock, anger, bluster. Wash rinse repeat.” Tony interjected sloshing the wine in his glass. His voice sounded a bit slurred to Steve’s ears and he wondered how much he’d had to drink that night.
Okay then.
"Messing around with my hormones can be bad. I should let my heat naturally progress. I know Bruce, we've covered it."
Of all Natasha's handlers Ivan had been her favorite, because even in that nightmare there had been glimpses of sanctuary.
~*~*~*~
“Tony, kitten, be reasonable. You have to give me something to go on here other than private island.” Darren clicked his tongue in exasperation in the face of Tony’s disapproval. The files that Pepper had given him were spread open on the table before them in conjunction with the halo-screen displays that Darren had come prepared with. None of the properties that the broker had shown him had seemed right so far.
They'd never separated before. Not really. She couldn’t stop Jamie and the others going to Washington. That needed to happen or they risked completely screwing up the time line. And even if the younger kits were just going to be a few hours away from her, Nyota knew the truth. She was abandoning them just like their parents had. Sending them off to some approximation of safety while she went on what amounted to a suicide mission. None of them were coming back from this. Not really. She still woke up at night sometimes, afraid, wondering if it would hurt when they stopped existing. She just hoped the younger kits didn't figure it out before it happend.
"Good call. But what about you? You shouldn't have risked it," Tony reprimanded but Bruce just shrugged.
“Ha.” Tony crowed. “See. Luke is a licensed aide and given how hard it is for Gata to pass those exams, frankly I think you’re being a bit elitist Bruce by insisting he’s not qualified. Think of all those years you spent as an aide when you could have had six doctorates to your name.”
"It's no wonder Fischer's got everybody thinking you're a trouble maker, name sounds as foreign as snow in July. What you need is a solid name, a good Christian name, one that isn't going to make people nervous. See?"
For the record, it did what it’s designed to do. In one area at least. The fel woman scrambles away from her attacker with terrified whimpers (yay) but to Clint’s surprise the guy didn’t scream, or fall over, or do anything else a person normally does when they’ve been shot through the shoulder.
"What, for not wanting me to jack up my hormones? That ship probably sailed when I was a teenager. I was working under a lot of pressure with far fewer resources. Then there's the arc reactor and palladium poisoning. I'm surprised I can even still get heats let alone a fairly regular cycle. Anyway. Not your fault."
"There are eight bottles of cream in the fridge, Stark" they all turned at the sound of Natasha's voice as she and Steve walked into the living room. Natasha crossed over to the couch and tapped Tony's leg, waiting imperiously until he heaved a put-upon sigh and lifted them so that she could squeeze between Clint and Bruce.
“But Extremis changed a lot,” Steve prodded softly and Tony smiled nervously.
Tony is jubilant when they go, carting off the real thief but for some reason the negro boy is shaking his head and muttering at him under his breath.
But on that score, Tony had been doomed from the beginning because that first round of tests had revealed evidence of Tony’s as yet undesignated secondary gender, his hormone levels singing strongly the tale of an unflowered fel. The end of Howard’s great vision of Tony as some sort of super-tom to act as a replacement for Captain America.
Without warning, low urgent whispers of warning entered Tony's mind and he knew somehow that the strangely familiar voice belonged to the tom standing beside him in the cat costume (wicked wingpak addition).
Howard’s funeral will be the event of the year. Their mother will be buried on a small plot of land in the section of the cemetery set aside for treasured friends, right next to some senator’s trusty wolfhound. It’s better, they suppose than feeding her body to the flames among a pile of nameless others and turning her to ash, as happens with most of their kind. At least the old bastard gave her this one small dignity.
"He might be a cheap bastard but he's a necessary evil” she finished.
What he really wanted to do was rip the man’s arm off for touching but that was probably the pheromones talking. It was a close thing when Tony’s wide wary eyes flew to him, as if it was Steve he was unsure of (Steve who might take advantage of his vulnerability) and seeing that look on his face felt like a punch to the throat.
“Aren’t you guys forgetting something?” There was a pause, while presumably Harley thought about it.  Parker got there first.
Steve was an attentive almost-boyfriend and Tony had taken him up on the offer of a fresh plate of grub, even if it meant losing Steve's firm body against his back and warm hands stroking his head.
She now had seven projects in the works.
Both women relied on their bodies first and foremost, twisting and bending about like ninjas as they lunged and kicked at each other in a frankly terrifying display of teeth and competence that a morally upstanding person (like Steve) definitely wouldn’t call sexy but Tony is not Steve so he has no problem admitting it’s sexy as hell. He’d pay to watch this fight every day if it were an option.
Natasha was not one to waste time with denials and resistance. Even her own.
“It’s fine. Extremis is unstable right? Nothing we didn’t already know. We fix it, I live, I stop frying my own spawn-” Steve flinched but Tony blundered on, “And then we’re back here, with no reason to believe that the next time you get a little friendly with your teeth during heat that it won’t be the start of something. But Steve – ”
